Color Illustrations

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Chapter 2 - Project Alicization

8

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Part 1
The silvery white full moon, segmented into four by the crossshaped window frame, could be seen looming above.

In the southwest corner of ALFheim, in the land of the Sylphs, the
streets of the capital city Sylvain were wrapped in a thick veil of
darkness.

Most of the shops had their sturdy metal shutters pulled down,
and few players were moving around on the main streets. This was
because the time was 4am, when the least number of people would be
connected.

Asuna turned her eyes from the window to the table, and picked
up the still steaming cup. She brought the thickly-colored tea to her lips,
and could feel the illusory heat stimulate her tongue. Although she was
not sleepy, her brain felt slightly fuzzy; she has had practically no sleep
for the past 3 days.

She closed her eyes and used her fingers to tap her temple slightly.
The other Sylph girl who saw this asked worriedly,
“Are you alright, Asuna-san? You haven’t been sleeping.”

“Yeeah, I’m fine here. You too, Lyfa. It must be tiring for you to
walk around everywhere, right?”
“My real body is resting properly in my bed, so I’m alright.”

9

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Though they said they were fine in unison, they realized neither
sounded very energetic at all, and gave wry smiles.

This place was the player home of Lyfa, the avatar of Kirigaya
Suguha in ALfheim Online. The walls surrounding the round room had
a glossy, iridescent sheen that constantly shifted in colour, creating a
somewhat surreal atmosphere. A pearl white table and matching
chairs were placed in the centre of the room, three of which were
currently occupied.

On hearing the duo’s conversation, the ice-blue haired girl with
triangular ears clasped her fingers together on the table, opening her
mouth,

“If you force yourself too much, your minds won’t be able to work
well during crucial moments. Even if you can’t sleep, it makes a whole
world of difference if you simply close your eyes.”

The owner of the calm voice was Asada Shino, in the Cait Sith
avatar which she had been diving in for the last half a year. The
characters name was the same as the user- Sinon from Gun Gale Online.
Asuna looked over and nodded.
“Alright... After the meeting’s over, please allow me to use the bed
here. Really, if only sleep spells were effective on the players as well.”

“I think you can sleep well only if onii-chan sleeps on that rocking
chair there...”
Asuna and Sinon smiled at Lyfa’s mutterings, but the smiles they
gave were tired ones.

Lyfa placed the cup she was holding with both hands back on the
table, took a very deep breath, and changed her expression.
10

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Then... we’ll start with the information we have gathered today,
no, yesterday. In conclusion, we couldn’t find any solid evidence that
onii-chan was taken to the Tokorozawa National Defense Medical
College Hospital. The data shows that he was definitely transferred to
the Neurosurgical department on the 23rd floor, but they denied all
access to the wards and not even the level can be accessed. There were
also no signs of the emergency ambulance arriving there at the
supposed time. We know this for certain since Yui has hacked into the
surveillance cameras and checked the footage.”

“In other words... There’s a high probability that Kirito may not be
in the Defense Medical Hospital... Something like that?”
Lyfa nodded, agreeing with what Sinon said.

“It’s really hard to believe... But I’m surprised that not even family
members can see him. It’s strange no matter how you look at it...”

The rest of the words were left unsaid and simply replaced by
collective headshakes. At that moment, the room descended into deep
silence.
Lyfa’s brother Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto was attacked by the
fugitive from the Death Gun incident, ‘Johnny Black’—Kanemoto
Atsushi just two days ago, on the 29th of June.

Kazuto was injected with a highly-dangerous drug,
succinylcholine, by Kanemoto near Asuna’s house on the streets of
Setagaya area Miyasakai 1-chome in Tokyo. Under the paralysing
effects of the drug, he quickly entered cardiac arrest. Even after CPR
and medication were administered in the ambulance, the loss of
11

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

oxygen caused his heart to stop soon after. He was classified as Dead
on Arrival (DOA) the moment he arrived at Setagaya General Hospital.

Perhaps it was the expertise of the doctors in the ER or Kazuto’s
own will to live or that they had the best of luck on both accounts that
he finally regained his heartbeat and started breathing normally once
the drugs took effect, escaping from the claws of death in a miraculous
manner. As Asuna heard this outcome from the doctor who came out
from the ER, she relaxed her distraught look but was left speechless by
the words that followed.

The doctor told her that as Kazuto’s heart stopped for more than
5 minutes, it was possible that he could have sustained some damage
to the brain. There was a possibility of long term damage to thought
processes or motor functions, or both, and that in the worst case
scenario, he might never wake up again—and,

The doctor concluded that a detailed investigation using an MRI
was necessary to tell if this was the case, and they would probably
transfer him over to a hospital with better facilities. Asuna fought
against the anxiety that struck again and contacted Kazuto’s little sister
Suguha to explain the situation. In the end, she started crying the
moment she saw Suguha.
That night, Kazuto’s mother, Kirigaya Midori came running over
from her workplace in Iidabashi and spent the night on the bench in
front of the ICU.

The next day, on the 30th of June, Asuna and Suguha were
convinced by the supervisor that he was already ‘out of danger’, and
went back to Asuna’s house which was nearby, and Midori went back
to her house in Kawagoe for the time being to deal with his health
insurance scheme.

12

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

After both of them had a shower, they each contacted their own
schools about a leave of absence, chatted for several hours, then
entered a light sleep. About an hour later, Asuna was woken by
Midori’s phone call.

She dashed toward the portable terminal and Midori told her that
unfortunately, Kazuto had still not regained consciousness, but he was
to be transferred to the Defense Medical College Hospital that was
nearer to her house in Kawagoe for closer observation and a better
equipped facility. After that, the ambulance arrived to transfer Kazuto.
Midori said that she would head over in a taxi once she was done with
the procedures, and Asuna told her that they would soon arrive at the
new hospital.

The unconscious Kazuto was definitely moved from the Setagaya
General Hospital through the emergency exit and into the ambulance
at around 1.45pm on the 30th. Yui clearly investigated it from the clear
visuals of the surveillance cameras of the hospital. The records showed
that the ambulance reached the Defense Medicine College Hospital in
Tokorozawa in Saitama. Kazuto was immediately admitted into the
neurosurgical department on the 23rd level for intensive care, and was
under observation— Asuna and Suguha both believed it without a
doubt, and they went to visit him two days ago late at night, but they
were not allowed to see Kazuto or even view him from afar.
Asuna analyzed Lyfa’s words as she nodded slightly and said,

“It’s true that Kirito-kun was sent from the hospital in Setagaya
by ambulance and the destination was the National Defense Medical
University Hospital. There’s an admission record for ‘Kirigaya Kazuto’...
but there’s no report of how Kirito-kun looked, nor were there records

13

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

from the surveillance camera. It’s possible the ambulance Kirito-kun
rode on went to some place other than the hospital... like a mix up of
patients or some other accident— but, most likely not...”

“There’s an intent to lie, which means that it was planned by
someone... Abduction?”

Sinon said with a calm voice, even as her triangular ears jerked
sharply.

“But in that situation, the ambulance in question would be
disguised, right? Leaving aside the paramedics, the vehicle itself would
be fake, right? I don’t think anyone could have predicted that onii-chan
would be attacked in Setagaya by that guy called Kanemoto or
something, and be hospitalized. Also, it was only 18 hours after he had
been hospitalized.”
“It’s physically impossible to arrange a fake ambulance after they
knew that Kirito-kun collapsed.”
Asuna’s doubt again overlapped with the question Sinon raised.

“But in that case, if there’s an abduction of a patient using a
fraudulent ambulance, what if the person who planned this right from
the beginning targeted Kirito simply out of coincidence...”
“To put it simply, it doesn’t really feel that way.”

Lyfa swung her ponytail sideways and started to explain in a
surging manner,

“Fuu, when the hospital transfers a patient, it should make a call
to request an ambulance from the emergency control command area,
but according to Yui’s investigations, nobody made a call that day, and
the ambulance in question appeared at that moment. Then, it would be

14

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the same for the paramedics who rode on the ambulance, and the
situation with the Tokorozawa Defense College Hospital should be the
same as well. Not only that, they even knew onii-chan’s name. The
supervisor who was in charge of it did say that they had not made a
mistake.”

“...Then, they were targeting Kirito right from the beginning in a
ploy to abduct him.”

“Yeah, the culprit got news once Kirito-kun entered the hospital
and sent a real ambulance for their own purposes.”

Both of them nodded in a hesitant manner in response to Asuna’s
words.

The reason why they were so hesitant was because it was too
scary to conclude and link everything together. Asuna herself had the
same feeling as well. If everything was true, the opponent who
abducted Kazuto was someone influential enough to mobilize the
ambulance service.

To be honest, those thoughts may all have been excessive
thinking on their parts.

It could be that Kazuto was being treated in the Defense Medical
University Hospital, the images of the hospital room could not be seen
because of the sophisticated machines, and at the moment he had
arrived there, there was no record because the surveillance cameras
seemed to be faulty... No, it could be said that this line of consideration
was not normal. In fact, Kazuto and Suguha’s mother Midori did not
doubt the hospital’s current explanation. The abduction and falsified
information was just the imagination of the three girls who loved to
worry. The culprit in real life did not exist, and Kazuto’s treatment
15

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

would be a success and they would definitely be notified with news the
moment he regained consciousness...

However, a certain part of Asuna’s derailed common sense had a
pained feeling within. That must be the same with Kazuto’s little sister
Lyfa, and Sinon who had nearly crossed the line of death with him.

They were not assuming that the third ‘Death Gun’ Kanemoto’s
attack when he injected the toxin succinylcholine into Kazuto was part
of the plan. However, the person probably made use of this incident to
abduct Kazuto.
“Whether it’s an organization or a person, that guy can be
considered an ‘enemy’ in this situation.”

Asuna said in an adamant voice. Sinon blinked, and then showed a
slight smile. “Before I arrived here... today, I thought you two would be
very despondent and I was rather worried. To Lyfa, it’s because he’s
her most important brother, to Asuna, it’s because, well, he’s her
boyfriend... And that guy disappeared like this while unconscious...”
Speaking of which, I wasn’t as shocked as I thought I would be after
hearing these unexpected words. I was crying so hard when I saw Kiritokun collapse that night... Asuna felt some sense of disbelief as she
thought about this, and Lyfa, who had both hands clasped tightly in
front of her chest, said,

“Well... I’d definitely be worried. However, when I realized that
onii-chan may not be in the hospital, I felt somewhat uneasy and yet
had a little feeling that it was like this. Onii-chan definitely got involved
in some astonishing incident again... I really can’t imagine how chaotic
the places were since I wasn’t there. It was like that in the SAO incident,
the same with that Death Gun incident... So this time, I’ll definitely...”
16

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Yes... I see.”

So I can’t compare to the little sister who has lived with him for a
long time. Asuna murmured within her heart and she nodded hard.

“Kirito-kun is definitely fighting like normal someplace as usual,
so we have to carry out the fight we can handle.”

Of course. Sinon glanced aside for a moment and continued to
stare at them.
“Sinonon doesn’t look too despondent either.”

“Eh... That’s because... to me, I strongly believe that I’m the only
one who can beat him...”

After exchanging doubtful looks with the stuttering Sinon for a
moment, Asuna went back to the original topic.

“Anyway... Just by looking at the ambulance, I guess the influence
of the enemy is rather large.”

“How about we report this to the police? If we’re together with
the police, the hospital will at least have to provide us with some
information, right?”
Sinon’s suggestion made some sense to them, but Asuna shook
her head slightly to disagree.

“In that Defense Medical College Hospital’s server, the time Kiritokun arrived and the time the neurosurgical department took him in
were all recorded. The records show that Kirito-kun was definitely in
that hospital. The basis for our assumption that he was kidnapped is
that ‘There were no images of him reaching’ that place, and the police
won’t mobilize for such a reason, I guess... And also, the one who
checked the visual records was...”

17

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Yui-chan who hacked in.”

Sinon gave a slight grimace as she muttered, and seemed to think
of something else as she continued,

“Ah... But in that case, can we hack into the camera network inside
of the hospital through the surveillance cameras outside the hospital?
If we can check the images in Kirito-kun’s room...”
“But the internal hospital’s security system is different from the
outside. It’s most likely protected by a very powerful firewall that even
Yui-chan can’t break through.”
Lyfa weakly shook her head.

Yesterday, she went to carry out various investigations on
Setagaya General Hospital and the National Defense Medical College
Hospital which were far away from each other. Even though she had
the help of the AI Yui who was bound to the portable terminal, just
progressing was really hard.

Of course, Asuna herself went along and it seemed like Kirito’s
condition had already stabilized, but by then she had already skipped
school for 2 straight days without permission. The electronic money
payment terminal that was supposed to be backup power was left with
Lyfa when they rode on the taxi, and naturally, she was not able to
concentrate on her classes at all.

In school, Kazuto’s absence was explained by a critical illness, and
the same was told to their classmates. Amongst their friends,
Lisbeth/Shinozaki Rika and Silica/Ayano Keiko did not know about the
attack at all. The guilt of hiding the truth from the two of them who
were both worried about Kazuto ripped at their hearts.
18

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

However, this had been discussed with Lyfa yesterday morning.
Before they knew the actual situation— whether Kazuto was really in
the National Defense Medical College Hospital, they would keep this
secret between the three of them, including Sinon.

The reason why they only contacted Sinon was that she had met
Kazuto at the ‘Dicey Café’ before the attack and because she was
involved in the Death Gun incident. However, it was thanks to this that
her calmness and intellect boosted everyone’s confidence. Asuna
stared at the side of the sniper Sinon’s face, a face that never changed
in ALO, and said,

“I feel that the greatest weapon we have is that we understand
more about Kirito-kun than anyone else. So, let’s take a step back and
discuss. The enemy targeted Kirito-kun, but for what reason?”
“If it’s for the sake of money, the kidnapping would be aimed at
Asuna, yet the culprit never contacted us, right?”

“Telephone, e-mail, or letters, there have been none at all. Besides,
this kidnapping was too reckless. They even prepared a fake
ambulance to kidnap onii-chan specifically from the hospital, who isn’t
anyone significant.”
“Then... I don’t really want to consider this, but what if it’s
because of a grudge...? Do you know any opponent who hates Kirito...?”
This time, Asuna shook her head slightly.

“Even though there are people amongst the SAO survivors who
hate Kirito for sending them directly to prison and for clearing the
game, the only opponent who has such financial strength and
organization ability is...”
19

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Asuna recalled the face of Sugou Nobuyuki, the ambitious person
who once trapped the SAO players as test subjects in his abominated
research and was handed over to the police by Kirito. However, that
person was locked within the walls of the detention barracks, and his
attempt to escape overseas caused his appeal for bail to be rejected.
“...Yeah, we still haven’t thought of who can do such a thing.”

“It’s neither for money nor a grudge, huh...? Hmm...”

Sinon lowered her head for a while, used her fingers to tap the
tips of her ears, and said in an uncertain manner.

“...Well, I guess it was just completely baseless conjecture... The
motive isn’t for money or a grudge, but he was still kidnapped. That
means that to the enemy, Kirito is an existence which still needs to be
kept alive. To put it more specifically what they want is Kirito himself,
or what he has... In game terms, his ‘element’, right? What can we think
of?”
“Swordsmanship.”

Asuna immediately answered without hesitation. Whenever she
closed her eyes and imagined Kirito’s silhouette, the first thing that
would appear was the normally black-clothed Kirito of old who would
wield two swords and slash at enemies like a hurricane. It seemed that
Lyfa had the same impression on him after travelling with him in ALO
as she immediately continued,
“Reaction speed.”

“Ability to react to a system.”

“Situation assessment.”

“Survival ability... I guess.”

20

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

21

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Asuna and Lyfa each raised many examples then seemed to
realize something as they kept quiet. Sinon also seemed to realize
something as she too nodded,
“Hey, those are all situations in VRMMOs... the virtual world,
right?”
Sinon said, and Asuna tentatively gave a wry smile,

“Actually, Kirito-kun in real life has lots of good points.”

“Of course he does, like when he treats us to meals. But from a
perspective outside of ours, Kirito in real life, I would say, is a very
ordinary high school student, right? In other words, the motive behind
that unreasonable action is the outstanding ability Kirito has in the
virtual reality world, right?”

“How can that be...? In other words, they want him to clear a
certain VR game... But onii-chan is currently still unconscious. He
hasn’t even gone through a check up, let alone treatment. They can’t do
anything if he’s abducted like that, right...?”

Lyfa clasped her hands tightly as she again worried about Kirito’s
current condition. Sinon’s blue eyes fell to the metallic table surface as
she thought for a moment then she narrowed them sharply before
answering,

“Vague motive... Even though you say that, that’s only what we
can see from the outside. What if it’s not via the brain, but by a machine
that can connect directly to the soul...”
hard.

“Ah...”

Why didn’t we think about it? Asuna was shocked as she sighed
22

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Well, if we consider it that way, the organization of the ‘enemy’
should have some clues. There’s only one organization in the world
that has a machine that can be connected to the soul, and Kirito acted
as a test-diver for it a few days ago.”
said,

Asuna agreed with Sinon’s words as she nodded her head and

“...The organization that kidnapped Kirito-kun is the organization
RATH that developed the Soul Translator...? It’s true that our opponent
might be able to mobilize an ambulance if they had the finances to
make such a machine...”

“RATH...? Is that the company onii-chan was working with for the
past few days?”
up,

On hearing Lyfa’s words, Asuna couldn’t help but stiffen her body
“Lyfa-chan, do you know the situation about RATH?”

“Ah, no, the details are that... I heard that the company itself is in
Roppongi.”

“Since you say that, I think I have heard about them. But even
when you say it’s in Roppongi, isn’t that too big an area... RATH’s
research center is in a particular place there, and Kirito may be inside.
The police won’t take action on their own, right?”

Asuna watched Sinon bite her lips and Lyfa lowering her eyes in
an uneasy manner, and said in a hesitant tone,

“...Well, I wanted to say this later, so I didn’t say it. in fact, there’s
still a small link of communication that’s in contact with Kirito-kun, but
there’s a high chance that they broke the bond sometime ago...”

23

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“...What is it, Asuna?”

“You said it before, didn’t you, Sinonon. Kirito-kun’s implant.”

Asuna used the fingertips of her right hand to point at the center
of her own chest.
“Ah, I see... It’s the vitality sensor, right? It’s true that the
information is sent through the net in realtime to your terminal,
Asuna...”

“Even though the signal is already severed, if we can track the
fake ambulance’s whereabouts during the time it delivered Kirito-kun,
we might be able to figure out where he is now. That’s what I’m
thinking, so I’m requesting for it to be analyzed.”
“...Who?”

Asuna looked up at the sky and called a name out in place of an
answer,
“Yui-chan, how is it?”

Immediately, particles of light appeared several millimeters
above the surface of the table to form a little humanoid silhouette
which after briefly glowing stronger, dissipated.

What emerged was a girl less than 10 centimeters tall. She had
long black hair and a white one-piece skirt on, and the 4 rainbow wings
on her back fluttered slightly. The girl— a pixie, widened her eyes
under her long eyelashes, and moved her adorable eyes slightly as she
first turned towards Asuna, and then to Lyfa and Sinon. Of course, once
she deduced that she was to answer Sinon first, she floated in the air
and bowed.
“Long time no see, Sinon-san.”

24

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Sinon was addressed by the clear gossamer voice as she showed a
slight smile and nodded back,
“Good evening, Yui-chan...no, I should say ‘good morning’ here.”

“The time now is 4:32am. Sunrise is 4:32am today, so it can be
assumed to be morning. Good morning, Lyfa-san, mama.”

Yui, the player assistance AI that originated from the old SAO,
turned 60 degrees to the side as she greeted, and again floated in front
of Asuna.

“The signal tracking on papa’s pulse that was sent to mama’s
terminal is 98% complete.”
“I see. If that signal came out from near Roppongi, the basis
behind our guess will be strengthened... That’s how it is, huh?”

Asuna nodded hard at Sinon’s words. Including Lyfa, the trio
stared at Yui with very expectant looks.

“Then, I’ll pass my current analysis to everyone. It was hard to
defend the portable end of the terminal, especially against the National
Defense Medicine College hospital, Unfortunately, I can only tell that
there were only 3 signals sent out.”
After saying that, Yui quickly waved her right hand, and on the
surface of the table under her bare feet, a watercolor hologram
appeared, showing a detailed map of the center of Tokyo. Yui’s wings
stopped flapping as she landed, took a few small steps over and
pointed to a part of the map. *Pon*. A red dot of light appeared.
“This is the Setagaya General Hospital papa was sent to at first.
This then is the place where the first signal was released.”
She moved a few steps to a new spot of light.

25

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Meguro Aobadai, Sanchome, the time was around 2026 29th
June, 20.50pm. We can predict the path they took.”

The two light spots were then extrapolated from with a white
light trail. Yui moved a few steps to the southwestern side again, and a
third spot of light indicated the location. The trail of light then
stretched further.
“The location where the second signal was fired was at
Shirokanedai Minato-ku Ichome, and the time was around 21.10pm
that day.”

Isn’t that a little too far south from Setagaya to Roppongi? Asuna
thought with some uneasiness, but could only close her mouth and
wait for Yui to finish.

“And then... the third place where the signal was launched is here.”

The trio’s expectations’ were severely stymied— Yui pointed at
an artificial construction site far to the east from Roppongi.

“Shinkiba, Koutou, Yonchome, the time was 21.50 that day. It was
around 30 hours ago, the last time, before papa’s signal was cut off.”
“Shinkiba...!?”

Asuna couldn’t help but utter, then after thinking about it, there
were many new intelligence buildings developed nearby there. There
might be a second base of RATH located somewhere over there.
“Yui-chan... What kind of facilities are there?”

She asked as she felt her heart race, but the answer she got defied
her guess.
“The facility located over there is called the ‘Tokyo Heliport’.”

26

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Eh...? Isn’t that, the launch site for helicopters?”

Sinon muttered with a shocked expression, and Lyfa immediately
changed her expression.

“A helicopter!? ...That means... onii-chan was taken somewhere
further away... Is that it?”
said,

“But... Wait.”

Asuna continued to try and clear the confusion in her mind as she

“Yui-chan, the signal was completely cut off after it was sent from
Shinkiba, right?”
“Yes...”

At this moment, for the first time, the pixie Yui’s adorable face
was showing a melancholic look.

“There’s no sign of papa’s monitor device connected to any of the
terminal stations in the whole of Japan.”

“In that case... After he was taken in the helicopter from Shinkiba,
he landed in some deep mountain where the electric signals of the
terminal can’t reach... Or the wilderness or something like that, right?”
Sinon shook her head to deny Lyfa’s words.

“Even if it landed somewhere, there has to be some facility as the
destination. They could first enter an area with the most advanced
electronic interference then interchange at that point...”
“What if it’s not in Japan... but outside...”

No one could immediately give an answer to Asuna’s trembling
voice.

27

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

The only thing that broke that short silence was Yui’s pristine and
calm voice.

“There’s only one military helicopter that can fly from Tokyo to
outside of the country. I can’t be certain due to the lack of current data,
but I feel that papa should still be somewhere within the country.”

“Yeah. RATH is researching on something that can override the
current virtual technology, right? It’s an enterprise that’s highly
classified, so it’s really hard to imagine the research facility being
located outside the country.”

On hearing Sinon’s words, Asuna nodded in agreement. The
combined Electronics Manufacturer her father lead was in turmoil
because a corporate spy switched sides. The important research
facilities were guarded very tightly like the Tama Hills. It was said that
there had to be strict security on research facilities. If there were a lot
of bases outside the country, the chances of information being revealed
would definitely be greater than if it was within the country.

Lyfa showed a look of deep thought, lowered her head and
muttered,

“Then... It’s definitely somewhere inside Japan, far away from
people, isn’t it...? But can they really build such a secretive research
facility in the current Japan?”

“And it’s not just on the scale of doing so secretly... Yui-chan, is
there something you know about RATH?”

The moment Asuna asked, Yui again floated into the air, stopped
at the height of the trio’s stares, and said,

“I used 12 public and 3 private search engines to begin my search,
but I couldn’t find any suitable match regarding the enterprise’s name,

28

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

facility’s name or even VR technical related items. Also, I couldn’t find
any information regarding the technology on the ‘Soul Translator’,
including the completion of a patent request.”

“They didn’t even submit a patent for such a great invention that
can read a person’s soul and record them... It really is a tightly guarded
secret...”
It looks like we won’t be able to find any openings from outside of
RATH. Asuna sighed, and Sinon shook her head blankly.
“For some reason... It’s like we’re wondering whether the
enterprise actually exists. If I had known, I would have asked Kirito
more about it... Did he mention any hints that might help us the last
time we met...?”
“Umm...”

She frowned and tried desperately to rummage through her
memories. Kanemoto’s attack and the suspicion of abduction shocked
her really hard, and the peaceful conversation she had in the Dicey Café
before that seemed to be covered by a fog, like the distant past.
“At that time, it’s true that... we were talking constantly about the
Soul Translator, and before we knew it, evening had fallen. After that...
I think he did mention a bit about how the name RATH came about...”

“Ahh... There’s a monster that’s either a pig or a turtle in ‘Alice in
Wonderland’. It’s a little weird to say that though, since a pig doesn’t
look like a turtle.”

“Lewis Carroll who created this name didn’t seem to specify what
it was, and the subsequent analysis on Alice seemed to define it that
way...”
29

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Asuna sensed something flash by her mind, and as she spoke, she
suddenly stopped.
“Alice...? Did Kirito-kun say anything about Alice when he exited
the shop?”
“Eh?”

Sinon and Lyfa, who had been keeping quiet, widened their eyes.

“Does onii-chan have something to do with Alice in Wonderland?”

“No, that’s not it... At the RATH research facility, isn’t Alice some
sort of shortened form or something... Well, it’s common, right? Take
out the first letters of each related term and combine them to form
another meaning...”

“That’s the so-called ‘Acronym’ right? The departments related to
the American government often do that to make it easier to read.”
Sinon chimed in with extra tidbits of information, and Lyfa shook
her ponytail as she said,

“In other words... If we combine the 5 letters, we’ll get A, L, I, C, E...
like that?”
“Yeah, that’s it. Yes, Kirito-kun did mention...”

She gathered her concentration with all her strength, and deep
within her ears, Kirito’s ever-familiar voice rang. She cautiously
described,
“...Aateifisharu...Reibiru...Interijen... I can’t recall what C and E
were for, but I think that’s what A, L and I stand for.”

Asuna finally articulated as she felt her head ache slightly,
perhaps because she also squeezed out the substance of her memories.

30

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

However, the other two continued to think while looking like they did
not notice.

“Aateifisharu... That would be ‘artificial’. Interijen...ce, that would
be ‘intelligence’... Then what’s an English term for Reibiru?”

Sinon raised her question, and Yui, who was in the air,
immediately answered.

“From the pronunciation, I think the most suitable term should be
‘labile’, very adaptive.”
After a short pause.

“‘Artificial Labile Intelligence’. If we translate it, it would mean ‘A
highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence’.”
“Artificial...Intelligence.”

Asuna could not help but blink as this term popped out without a
reaction.

“Ahh I see... Artificial Intelligence would mean ‘AI’, something
related to your existence, Yui. But what has a company that’s
developing a brand new Brain-Machine Interface got to do with AIs?”

“Doesn’t it refer to characters that can move within virtual space?
Like that NPC over there?”

Sinon lifted her right hand and pointed at the window as she said
that. Asuna continued to speak, as she thought they had not yet
grasped the main point.
“But... If this company RATH originated from ‘Alice In
Wonderland’, then if the term ‘Alice’ RATH uses is a codeword for
something related to Artificial Intelligence... Wouldn’t that be strange?

31

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

That means that company’s aim isn’t to develop the next generation VR
interface, but to produce AIs from their research?”

“Hmm— Is that so...? But the NPCs inside games aren’t really
valuable... The disk-use AI programs are mostly sold everywhere. Is it
really something special, that there’s a need to hide the enterprise and
even abduct someone?”

The moment Sinon asked that, Asuna could not answer
immediately. For every step she took forward, there was an annoying
feeling of hitting a wall. Is our guess a complete mistake? Terrified,
Asuna still hoped to find some sort of a clue as she lifted her head to
ask Yui,
“Hey, Yui-chan. What is ‘Artificial Intelligence’ anyway?”

Yui then showed a rare bitter smile on her face and landed on the
table.
“Are you sure you want to ask me, mama? To mama, it’s like
asking ‘what are humans’..”
“That’s true.”

“Strictly put, such a definition like ‘This is an Artificial Intelligence’
is impossible. In this world, a real Artificial Intelligence has never
existed, whether in the past or the present.”

Yui leaned slightly on the edge of the teapot, and her words
caused the trio to all blink their eyes in shock.

“Eh, bu-but... You’re an AI, right, Yui-chan? That means you’re an
Artificial Intelligence, right?”

32

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Lyfa stammered as she said, and Yui tilted her head, keeping quiet
like a teacher who was thinking of how to explain to her students,
nodded a bit, then started explaining,

“Let’s start from what we have called an AI before— In the last
century, the people who developed AIs were aiming for a common goal
through two paths. One of them is the ‘top-down-type AI’, and the
other is called the ‘bottom-up-type AI’.
Asuna pricked up her ears, trying her best to understand the
content of the pure and innocent voice that the delicate girl spoke in.

“First, regarding the top-down AI, it’s a kind that purely relies on
the existing computer architecture to accumulate experience through
simple questions and answers, ultimately becoming a real intellectual
through learning. Including me, most AIs are all top-down-type, so that
means... the ‘knowledge’ I have now may look similar to yours, mama,
but it in fact is something completely different. To put it directly, an
existence like mine is just a collection of a system that can only ‘Hear a
question A and reply with B’.”

Yui said that as her clear white cheeks showed some signs of
loneliness. Are my eyes playing tricks on me? Asuna thought.

“If, how mama asked me ‘What is an AI?’, and how I immediately
showed a ‘bitter smile’ or some variation like that, that would be
because papa mostly made such an expression, and I gained experience
and learned it when I am asked about myself. The basis itself is not
really that different from the predictive text app in mama’s portable
terminal —because of this, the top-down-type AIs as they currently
stand are nowhere near the level of being a real AI. This is the ‘socalled AI’ I just explained to Lyfa-san, so please understand it like that.”
33

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

After saying that, Yui turned her eyes to the distant moon outside
the window.

“...Now, I’ll explain about the other kind, the ‘bottom-up AI’. This
is similar to your brain, mama... everyone has billions upon billions of
brain cells that are all interconnected within a biological organ, and the
aim is to recreate this through artificial electronic devices to create
awareness.”
That’s really too ambitious... a concept that’s completely absurd.
Asuna could not help but mutter.
“Is...Isn’t that too preposterous...?”
“Ehh.”

Yui immediately nodded her head in agreement.

“As far as I know, the bottom-up type was a path that was
discontinued before they even planned the experiment. If it is actually
realised, the awareness that would actually reside within it would be
different from my kind, an existence that should really be on the same
level as humans like you, mama, everyone...”

Yui diverted her stare back from afar, took a deep breath, and
concluded.

“As I said, right now, there are two rationales for the term
Artificial Intelligence — AI. One of them would be like me, an NPC that
is part analytical program and part character, a pseudo-AI. The other
kind would be one that can develop concepts, those would have the
ability to create and adapt while learning, a true Artificial Intelligence.”
“Adaptability...”

Asuna muttered as she parroted the word.

34

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“‘A highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence’.”

She returned the stares of the duo and Yui, one by one, gradually
formed a conclusion in her mind, then slowly turned it into words.

“Wha...What if RATH developed the STL not as an aim, but as a
means...? Well, it’s true that Kirito-kun had such a doubt before. RATH
wanted to do something with the STL, so... If through the analysis of the
human soul, the first real... bottom-up AI in the world... if that
happens...”
“Then, the real codename of the AI would be ‘Alice’... wouldn’t it?”

On hearing Asuna’s words, Lyfa muttered. Sinon had a similarly
lost expression as she continued,

“In other words, RATH isn’t an enterprise that develops the next
generation of VR interfaces... But in fact, an enterprise that aims to
develop Artificial Intelligence... Is that it?”

As they continued to discuss the situation with the ‘enemy’,the
severity of it gradually became apparent. Such development caused the
trio to quieten down. It seemed that Yui herself could not handle all the
information, as she frowned.

Asuna reached her hand out to her mug, reheated it from a popup menu, then took a large gulp from it, “houu”, she sighed, and then
said as she considered her opinion on the enemy’s strength,

“If RATH is the ‘enemy’, this won’t be any ordinary enterprise
we’re dealing with. Considering the method they used for the
abduction -sending a fake ambulance to a helicopter, and that there’s a
monster-like machine called the STL in that research facility -which we
don’t even know the location of, with the aim of creating an AI that’s on
par with a human. Then... the one who introduced Kirito-kun to work

35

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

for RATH was Chrysheight... Kikouka-san of the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications. That guy has many links with the VRrelated world, and speaking of which, RATH may have some national
ties...”

“Kikuoka Seijirou. As I expect, he’s not just a bespectacled man
who’s pretending to be stupid like I saw... Can we still contact him?”
Sinon, who was frowning away, shook her head weakly.

“As of two days ago, we couldn’t reach him by phone, and he
wouldn’t even send a message in return. During this time of emergency,
I wanted to charge into the virtual division of the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications, but it would most likely be futile.”

“Yeah... Even though Kirito had once tried to track that guy down,
that guy easily shook him off, or at least that’s what Kirito said...”

4 years after the SAO incident, the «SAO Incident Victims Rescue
Countermeasure Team» was placed within the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications Technology, and after the incident was
resolved, it was left behind as a division to deal with virtual related
problems. One of them was the civil servant with black-framed
spectacles, Kikuoka Seijirou, who seemed to have established contact
with Kazuto after Kazuto returned to the real world. For some reason,
he paid a high price to buy the services of the ordinary high school
student in the real world, Kazuto, and requested him to investigate the
Death Gun Incident.
Asuna met him several times in the real world as well, and she
partied with his avatar in the world of ALO, the Undine Chrysheight.
However, she felt that under his relaxed and friendly attitude, there
was something hidden, an impression that she could not ignore no
matter what, even now. He called himself a civil servant but had no

36

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

permanent place and was often treated coldly, so perhaps he was from
a department that was more exclusive —Kazuto had doubts about this
as well.
Kikuoka introduced Kazuto to the mysterious enterprise called
RATH for a part-time job. Asuna had tried many times to contact him
once Kazuto disappeared, but his portable terminal was always set to
auto-reply and he could not be contacted.

She angrily called the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications Technology, only to be told that Kikuoka was working
overseas. It was reasonable that he could not be contacted because of
that— But thinking about it the other way, was Kazuto’s disappearance
related to that man? One could not help but wonder.
“But...”

At this moment, Asuna and Sinon stared at each other’s frowning
faces, and Lyfa said slowly,

“If Kikuoka is the link between RATH and the nation, why must he
still work covertly no matter what? There’s a need to protect secrets
for the benefit of the company, but if it’s an amazing scheme the nation
is pursuing, wouldn’t it be better to promote it hugely under normal
circumstances?”
“Now that you mention it... That’s true...”

Sinon turned her head around nimbly, nodded and answered.

In recent years, this, together with the development of the virtual
space technology, were two brand new frontiers. While each country
was rapidly developing -America, and later Japan announced the
construction of a spaceship that did not use external boosters, an
artificial base on the moon, and the construction of a space station

37

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

elevator. The impact of the development of real Artificial Intelligence
was unprecedented, and each government had their reasons to protect
their secrets -which Asuna had not thought of.
But if that were true, if Kirito’s abduction was something
classified at a national level, then it would be impossible to think that
they could do anything as ordinary high school students... Besides, this
was an area that could not be accessed without police interference.
Asuna drooped her shoulders as she was beaten by her weakness, and
her eyes met Yui’s as Yui looked up at her from the table.
“Yui-chan...?”

“Pull yourself together, mama. Papa never thought of
surrendering when he was searching for you in ALFheim here.”
“Bu...But...I...”

“It’s your turn to look for papa, mama!”

At that moment, Yui, who proposed her responses were part of a
simple learning program, showed a kind and warm smile that could
not be imagined with her words.

“There’s still definitely a way to contact papa. Even if the enemy is
the Japanese government, I believe that it definitely won’t break the
bond between mama and papa.”

“...Thank you, Yui-chan. I will never give up. Even if the country is
our enemy... I’ll barge into parliament and grab the necks of the prime
minister and the officials.”
“That’s the spirit!”

Asuna and her daughter stared at each other and smiled. Sinon
smiled as she looked at them, and suddenly frowned hard,

38

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“...? What is it, Sinonon?”

“No, well... The current problem is that even if RATH is a national
research organization, I guess the government or the parliament still
doesn’t know the specifics about the research.”
“Yes... and then?”

“If this were a secret plan of a clandestine department, I don’t feel
that it’s easy to hide that department, right?”
“What...?”

“The budget! Whether it’s a research facility or the STL, there’s
definitely a need for a huge budget. I’m not sure how many millions or
billions or more, but I think it’s impossible to withdraw such a sum
secretly from the treasury... In other words, they need to account for it
as part of the country’s budget under some name, right?”
“Yes, but... according to what Yui-chan searched, looking at those
related to VR technology which require such a large budget is... Ah, I
see... It’s the wrong term...? It’s not VR technology, but Artificial
Intelligence...?”

Yui looked over at Asuna and nodded with a serious expression,
telling her to hold on for a moment before opening her arms wide. Her
fingertips glowed purple, and she connected to the network from
within ALO.

The trio spent several seconds full of expectations and uneasiness.
Yui opened her thin eyes and said in an unemotional tone that was like
an electronic ethereal voice which was completely different from
several seconds ago.
39

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Connected to the budget information data of each ministry and
agency. Artificial Intelligence, AI, 38 other similar networks are being
searched now... Confirmed 18 universities, 7 third-party departments,
sums used for each research project are all small... Land infrastructure
and maritime exploration development projects... Automobile
development project... concluding them to be unrelated...”

After that, Yui again raised a few items that were hard to
comprehend, but deemed that they also were unrelated, and continued
to raise examples before finally shaking her head slightly.

“...I can’t find any suitable and aberrant large budget sums
through normal searches and special searches. Maybe it’s divided into
many small sums and disguised, which makes it hard to find out from
the uncovered reports.”

“I see... As expected, we find out that there are no avenues left
open by them...”

Sinon folded her arms as she groaned. Asuna sounded like she
was grasping at straws as she raised her voice to shout, “But.”

“—There might be a hidden budget of RATH amongst the items
Yui-chan found. Why aren’t we finding it? Well, I think that marine
resources have nothing to do with this... So why must they carry out
such a research?”
“Erm...”

Yui again widened her eyes slightly, connected herself to the
relevant database, and immediately lifted her head.

“...I guess it’s some form of research like searching for oil
underwater or precious metal deposits on the surface of the seabed
and letting a small submarine navigate on its own. There would likely

40

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

be a slightly large budget channeled for those submarines that house
such AIs as priority.”

“Heh... That sort of thing has to be robotized... Where are they
developing it?”

“The project is located in the... «Ocean Turtle». It was finished this
year, a mega-float that aimed at researching on the ocean.”
“I-I saw it on the news before.”

Lyfa interrupted.

“It appears a little like a ship with a pyramid floating on the sea.”

Asuna silenced herself and frowned. She lowered her head for a
while then suddenly lifted it back up,

“Speaking of which, I did hear about this before. Ocean... Turtle...”

“Hey, Yui-chan... Do you have a picture of that research facility?”
“Yes, please hold on for a moment.”

Yui waved her right hand, and a screen appeared on the table like
the previous map, before immediately forming a 3-D image of the sea.
What appeared was a complicated wire frame that was drawn on the
center of the picture and a refined texture.

What appeared on the small sea was truly something that one
would immediately call a black pyramid.

But, viewed from above, it was not square, but a rectangle that
had edges with a ratio of 2 to 3. The height of the pyramid was
approximately the same length as the shorter side. If one removed the
long and narrow windows, the exterior would look like it was giving off
41

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

a dark grey glossy glow. If one looked at it, one would get the feeling of
an equilateral hexagon that had solar panels placed tightly together.

There were projections from the four corners, and on one of the
short sides, you could see a small command bridge attached. The Hlogo on the roof would be the helipad, but it looked rather small. From
a calculation based on the scale of the length, it was a shocking 400m.
“I see... The four legs, four sided head, the pyramid-like shell, this
does look like a turtle. But isn’t that too big...”

Sinon said in near amazement. Asuna swayed around to look, and
pointed at the bridge of the Ocean Turtle with her right index finger.

“But, look, the head here looks like it has a protrusion on the front
face. Can you tell what kind of animal it is?”

“Ah— That’s true. It really looks like a pig. A turtle pig that can
swim.”
Lyfa said with an innocent voice.

And then, seemingly shocked by her own words, she widened her
eyes, moving her lips continuously before squeezing out with her
hoarse voice.
“If it’s a turtle... and also a pig...”

Asuna, Sinon and Lyfa exchanged looks with each other silently,
and then shouted,
“—RATH!”

42

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Part 2
The EC135-type helicopter passed through the thick fog above
the sea, and from the window could be seen a large blue expanse below.
Unlike the view from a passenger plane at high altitudes -here,
the wave peaks could be clearly seen and the sunlight dazzled from the
surface of the sea as Koujiro Rinko thought, How many years has it been
since I last played in the sea?
It would take merely an hour for Rinko to move from her current
workplace, the California Technical Institute to the San Francisco Bay
area, but even though she could have enjoyed a sunbathing lifestyle
whenever she wanted, she had never taken a step onto the beach
during the two years she had been working in the university.

It was definitely not because she did not like the sea breeze or the
sunlight, and it seemed that a lot of time would be needed before they
could take a vacation where she could earnestly enjoy herself. Rinko
realized that it would likely take her another 10 or 20 years in a
foreign country she did not know for her to forget about her past.

So, Rinko -who had thought that she would never step into her
homeland Japan again, was now flying towards that place which was
the connection to her abandoned past while looking outside the
window with an indescribable feeling.

Four days ago, she had received a rather long mail that was sent
from an unexpected person. She could have deleted it immediately and
forgotten about it, but for some reason, Rinko had not done so. After

43

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

spending less than an hour considering, she sent a reply back and had
made a flight reservation. As she considered the last 2 years, she
recognised that every day her thoughts had been frigid and she had
been emotionally detached, and while she knew that this endeavour
was completely futile, she had still decided to go...

She took a flight from San Francisco back to Tokyo, stayed in a
hotel in Narita, and then cautiously took this helicopter; Rinko sighed
as she forced back this mystery she had been asking herself deep
within her mind. Once I see what I need to see and hear what I need to
hear, the answer will come naturally to me.

Indeed, the last time she went swimming was ten years ago,
during the first year of college when she did not know anything. She
invited the second-year senior, Kayaba Akihiko out and had borrowed
money to buy a light automobile to drive to Enoshima. That naive 18
year old back then did not realize what kind of fate she was going to
meet at all...

Rinko’s mind wandered back from the musing on her distant past
as the passenger beside her shouted to her with a voice that would not
lose to the rotor’s sound in volume,
“I SEE IT!”

The eyes from under the long, combed blond hair and sunglasses
narrowed, and truly, on the other side of the curved glass window from
this transport, there was a small little black body on a corner of the
immense ocean’s surface that extended out.
“That’s...the Ocean Turtle...?”

44

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Rinko muttered as she saw the dazzling rainbow glow due to the
reflection of the black solar panels. The co-pilot in a dark suit who had
been on the seat as they flew answered quietly.
“That’s right. There’s still 10 minutes till arrival.”

The helicopter flew approximately 250km in a long trip from
Shinkiba to Tokyo -and the surroundings of the large ocean research
facility «Ocean Turtle» then got into landing position in a serviceable
manner.

Rinko was inadvertently gobsmacked by the overly majestic sight.
The term ship could not describe this completely. The large pyramid
was standing steadfastly in the middle of the sea with a length that was
1.5 times that of the largest ship in the world, the Nimitz. The height
was equivalent to a 25-storey building —she had investigated this data
beforehand, but the difference between her imagination and reality
was like the distance between the Earth and the moon.
The four-sided pyramid that was 400m long and 250m wide had
black glowing panels that covered it like a shell. All of these panels
were as large as the helicopter that they were currently in. How much
did they invest in this thing here? Rinko could not tell. There was a
rumor that in recent years, they had fully invested in the precious
metals on the seabed off the Sagami Bay Coast, and after seeing that
large body which defied common sense, one could tell that it was not
simply a rumor.

The mechanized megafloat ocean construct looked like it was
developed for the next generation of seabed oil extraction —that
should be the case, but in fact, what was installed inside was a research
facility for the next generation Full Dive Machine that might be called

45

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the «Soul Translator» one that could read people’s soul -that was what
she was told in the mail a week ago. Rinko herself was doubting this,
but after personally arriving, she had no other choice but to trust the
mail.

Why, why must the research with this brand new full-dive
technology, the Brain Machine Interface be on the sea far from the Izu
Islands? She had no idea what the reason behind it was at all, but in this
black pyramid, there was a machine that combined the Nerve Gear that
Kayaba Akihiko designed and the Medi-cuboid Rinko improved on for
medical treatment, and as she considered this, she suddenly realized...
The two years of her life overseas had merely numbed the wound
within Rinko; it never healed completely. Well, in the end, she guessed
that whatever she saw on this ship would either heal her wound -or rip
it open and let the blood burst out.

Rinko slowly took a deep breath inside the helicopter that was
slowly descending and stared at her fellow passenger, who nodded
slightly through the sunglasses, and readied herself to get off.

Perhaps the pilot was a very skilled veteran, as the machine did
not seem to sway much as it landed on the designated helipad on the
roof of the Ocean Turtle’s bridge. First, the man in the dark suit, who
was the guide, alighted from the machine nimbly and saluted, then a
man in a similar suit came running over.

Rinko then walked out of the hatch and nodded at the man who
came over, thinking that it was great that she chose to wear jeans
inside as she jumped from a 40cm height. The soles of her sports shoes
landed on the artificial ground and it was hard to imagine that a ship
could have such stability and safety.
46

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Next, the other passenger who had dazzling blond hair walked
out of the machine with her sunglasses on and arched her back. Rinko
also stretched her arms wide to enjoy the air that had the scent of the
tides.
The man who was waiting on the floating ship showed a serious
look on his tanned face and immediately saluted Rinko.
“Professor Koujiro. Welcome to the Ocean Turtle. And this is?...”

The man looked over at the passenger, and Rinko nodded as she
introduced.
“This is my assistant, Mayumi Reynolds.”

“Nice to meet you.”

The co-passenger spoke in fluent English and reached her hand
out to clasp the hand in a somewhat clumsy manner. The man then
introduced himself.

“I’m First Lieutenant Nakanishi, assigned to lead both of you. The
attendants will deliver your luggage later on. Then, please come this
way—”

The man waved his right hand to a flight of stairs that could be
seen on the heliport and continued,
“Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka is waiting.”

The air inside the bridge had the heat of summer and the salty
tang of the Pacific Ocean, but after flowing through the elevator, the
long passages and through the Ocean Turtle itself —the thick metal
doors of the inside of the black pyramid, a cold and dry air blew at
Rinko’s face.

47

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Does the ship require such air-conditioning?”

She could not help but ask the First Lieutenant Nakanishi walking
in front of her. The young Self-Defense Official turned around, nodded
and said nonchalantly,
“Yes. There are many intricate machines, so there’s a need to
maintain the air temperature at around 23 degrees and humidity
under 50%.”
“Is the power provided solely using solar electricity?”

“Not at all. The solar panels can’t even fulfill 10% of the energy
required. The main machines use a pressurized water nuclear reactor
for electricity.”
“...I see.”

Things are getting more and more complicated. Rinko shook her
head slightly.

In the passage that had clear grey panels, the human shapes got
more and more distorted. The information she briefly read through
previously was limited, and though there were probably hundreds of
researchers who moved in, it seemed that there was more than enough
space with regards to the size of the vessel.
They turned right, left and so forth for another 200m, and right in
front of a door that appeared suddenly in front of them, there was a
man who was dressed in a deep blue uniform. One would assume that
to be the uniform of a security company, but he immediately saluted
after seeing the First Lieutenant, and such an action was definitely not
what an ordinary civilian would do.

48

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

The first lieutenant saluted in reply and said with a
straightforward tone,

“Requesting permission for the researcher Professor Koujiro and
her assistant Reynolds to enter area S3.”
“Undergoing confirmation.”

The security guard switched on the metallic terminal in his hand,
then using his piercing stare and the monitor he scanned back and
forth over Rinko’s face. He nodded, and then looked over at the
assistant researcher behind Rinko, using his hand to scratch the tidy
beard before moving it to the side of his mouth.
“I’m sorry, can you please take off those sunglasses?”

“I see.”

The research assistant lifted her large sunglasses, and her bright
blond hair and clear white skin were revealed. The security guard had
to narrow his eyes at that dazzling countenance, and nodded again.
“Confirmed. Please.”

Hou. Rinko showed a bitter smile and said to the First Lieutenant,

“That’s quite the strict security considering that you’re in the
middle of the ocean.”

“We’ve already cut down on the body check and other procedures.
We only did checks on metals and explosives around 3 times.

As he answered, the man in the suit took out a disc from his chest
pocket and put it into the plate beside the door, then used his right
hand to press it into the sensor panel. A second later, the door opened
with the sound of a motor, and the door leading to the central area of
the Ocean Turtle slid open.

49

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

After breaking away from the thick doors, cooler air blew in,
orange light shone in, and the slight moan of the machines echoed. Kan,
kan, the footsteps echoed in the space within the ship that one could
not imagine to be of that size, and the guide -the First Lieutenant
Nakanishi realized this as he stopped in front of a certain door.
Looking up, a simple plate labelled ‘Primary Control Room’ was
shown there.

Finally, we’re now at the last remaining place left behind by Kayaba
Akihiko. Rinko held her breath and watched the back of the SelfDefense Officer who was making the last safety check.
Is this the start to a new beginning—

On the other side of the door that slid aside heavily, a deep
darkness surrounded her like a shroud, causing Rinko to be unable to
move for the time being. No matter how much she rejected the
darkness, no matter how repulsed she felt, she was forced to acquiesce.
“...Sensei.”

The voice of the assistant from behind her caused her to regain
her sensibility.

First Lieutenant Nakanishi walked into the dark room, took
several steps, and turned around to look at Rinko. Upon closer
inspection, the interior of the ‘Primary Control Room’ was not
completely dark, and there were orange lights flashing on the floor.

Rinko took a large deep breath and moved her right foot forward
in a determined manner. The assistant stepped in, and the door behind
them closed.
50

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

They followed the markers on the floor as they moved between
the large network of server machines, and after walking out of the
valley of machines, Rinko widened her eyes in shock.
“......Eh......!?”

She could not help but gasp. There was a large window on the
wall in front of her through which she saw an unbelievable scene.

Streets... no, it might be a city. However, it did not look like a city
in Japan. The buildings were all built with white stone, and there was a
strange domed roof there. Though it seemed the buildings were all
around 2 levels tall, they seemed to be very small, and this was due to
being surrounded by the giant tree branches and leaves that grew all
over the place.
The similarly white stone hewn roads formed several steps and
arched bridges passed through the woods; and the people that were
walking around —were obviously not people from modern times.

There was not a single man in a suit or a woman in mini-skirt.
Everyone’s aspect was dressed in middle-aged clothing, like a onepiece vest or a longcoat. There were also hair colors of all kinds -blond,
brunette and black, and as one they stared at them. It would be hard to
tell if they were Easterners or Westerners.

Where is this place? When did we move from the research ship to an
underground world or some other world? Shocked, Rinko looked away,
and at the end of the streets that stretched out into the distance, there
was a pure white gigantic tower. The main tower was accompanied by
four side towers, and extending out from the horizon was a distant
blue sky that even the window could not contain.
51

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Rinko took a few steps forward to see how tall the tower was that
reached into the sky, and finally realized that the scene in front of her
was not a window, but an image that was shown on a large monitor
panel. Soon, the lights of the ceiling brightened, chasing away the
darkness in the room.
“Welcome to the Ocean Turtle.”
An unexpected voice came from the right side, and Rinko
immediately moved her gaze.

There were the silhouettes of two men right in front of the minitheater screen with the monitor panel, at the console that had
keyboards, sub-monitors and many other things.

One of them was sitting on a chair with his back facing everyone,
typing away at the keyboard in a relaxed manner. However, the other
man that was at the edge of the console immediately narrowed his eyes
through his glasses the moment his eyes met Rinko’s.
It was a smile she had seen many times before, an easy to
approach smile that was hard to read into. This was the Self-Defense
Officer who was sent to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications, Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou, but—
“...What’s with that attire.”

What replaced a greeting for the duo who had not met in two
years was a frown from Rinko as she enquired. First Lieutenant
Nakanishi who was in a suit immediately exchanged salutes with
Kikuoka Seijirou, who in turn got up. He was dressed in a blue yukata

52

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

with Kurume rice patterns, a kaku obi tied around it, and wooden clogs
under his bare feet.
“I’ll take my leave then.”

First Lieutenant Nakanishi saluted Rinko and left -once again the
sounds of the doors sliding shut could be heard. Kikuoka, who was still
standing, leisurely leaned on the consoles, and explained in a husky
impassive voice,
“But I still have to stay on this ocean for another month. I can’t
just continue to wear a uniform like that.”
He opened his arms wide and smiled.

“—Professor Koujiro, Miss Reynolds, it’s been a long journey. I’m
really glad that you would come to RATH, and that our invitations have
proved their worth.”
“Well, since we’re here, we’ll have to intrude on you, though we
can’t guarantee that we can be helpful.”

Rinko nodded back, and the assistant beside her greeted him in
the same manner as well. Kikuoka’s eyebrows curled up as his gaze
remained on the luxurious blond hair of the assistant, and immediately
smiled.
“You are quintessential to this plan no matter what, the last
person amongst the trio I felt would be part of this. Finally, the three of
you are all gathered in the belly of this turtle.”
“Oh, I see... one of them must be you, Higa-kun.”

Rinko said so, and the second guy who had his back facing them
up till now stopped his hands and turned the chair around.
53

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

He was about as tall as Kikuoka, but looked a lot shorter. His
whitened hair was standing like a hill of swords, and he was wearing
round rimmed spectacles that did not look too elegant. His attire of a Tshirt was faded in color, the three-quarter length jeans and the
sneakers with damaged soles made him look no different from his time
in university.

Higa Takeru, someone she had not met in 5, 6 years, showed a
sheepish smile on his boyish face that matched his body build, and said,
“That’s me. As the last student of the Shigemura lab, if I don’t
inherit the will of my mentors, who will?”
“Really...you’re the same as ever.”

The Shigemura lab in the Touto University Electrical and
Electronic Engineering had two prodigious figures, Kayaba Akihiko and
Sugou Nobuyuki, and Higa was under the shadows of those two like an
existence in hiding. When was he involved in such a classified grandscale plan? Rinko thought as she reached her hand out to hold her past
protégé’s hand.
“...Then? Who’s the third person?”

She again asked after the third person, but the Self-Defense
Officer showed that enigmatic-like smile that never changed and shook
his head slightly.
“Unfortunately, I can’t introduce him for now. Don’t worry, in a
few days...”
“Then, I’ll help you say the name aloud, Kikuoka-san.”
54

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

—The one who spoke was not Rinko, but the ‘assistant’ who had
been standing behind her quietly, like a shadow,
“What...!?”

You finally fell into the trap. Rinko gave such an expression as she
saw Kikuoka widen his eyes in shock, and took a step back from her
assistant.

The assistant stepped forward majestically, and used her right
hand to take off the blond wig and the left hand to take off the large
sunglasses. The hazel colored eyes stared right at Kikuoka as she said,
“Where did you hide Kirito-kun?”

An unfamiliar panic and shock ran through the Lieutenant
Colonel as his disconcerted face rattled through various emotions and
he continued to open and close his mouth, before finally whispering,

“...I thought the identity of the researcher should have been
checked thoroughly through the California Technical Institute’s
database.”

“Ehh, sensei and I had been searching the faces for a long time.”
Asuna the «Flash», Yuuki Asuna, used the identity of Rinko’s assistant
Mayumi Reynolds to disguise herself and sneak aboard the Ocean
Turtle, and stared at Kikuoka straight in the eyes as she straightened
herself and answered,
“We merely switched the photo of the database a week ago to
mine. We do have someone who’s very good in breaking through
firewalls.”

“On a side note, the real Mayumi is enjoying a sunbath in San
Diego.”

55

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

56

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Rinko added as she smiled.

“Now, I suppose you do understand why I accepted your
invitation, Kikuoka-san?”
“Ahh...I understand completely.”

Kikuoka weakly shook his head as he rubbed his temples with his
fingertips. Kuku, suddenly, Higa, who had been staring at them blankly,
started laughing all of a sudden.
“See, that’s—why I said, Kiku-san. That boy is the biggest security
hole in this plan.”
Four days ago, on the 1st of July, she had received mail in her
private address with the sender being ‘Yuuki Asuna’. It contained
something that was able to move Rinko, who had been roving between
her house and the school campus like a nomad, greatly.
Asuna wrote about the «Medicuboid» technology Rinko provided
to the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare, and how the basic
design of it was used to develop a monstrous machine called the Soul
Translator, which the mysterious organization called RATH was
operating.

The main aim to develop this machine that could connect to
human souls was most likely to create the world’s first bottom up
Artificial Intelligence. The boy who was assisting in the experiment, the
unconscious Kirigaya Kazuto, was abducted from the hospital, and the
likely destination was probably the megafloat research ship Ocean
Turtle that had just entered these waters. The suspected mastermind
behind this was the civil servant who had deep relations with Kazuto
57

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

since the SAO incident, Kikuoka Seijirou —these unbelievable words
were at first glance what was written within.

“I found Professor Koujiro’s private address from Kirito-kun’s PC
email address. Only you can give me the chance to bring me to Kiritokun. Please lend me your strength—”
The mail ended just like that.

Rinko was deeply touched as she had the feeling that what Yuuki
Asuna said was the truth. As for the reason why, about 1 year ago,
Kikuoka Seijirou used his position as Lieutenant Colonel to invite her
to a development project for the next generation of the Brain Machine
Interface repeatedly.

Rinko lifted her head from the monitor, looked at the night scene
of the city of Pasadena through the window of her condominium, and
remembered the face of the boy called Kirigaya from before she left the
country.

He had explained the illegal human experiment Sugou Nobuyuki
did, finally adding on hesitantly about what he talked about with
Kayaba Akihiko in the illusory real world, and the secret request for
the «Cardinal System» kernel for some unknown intent.

After thinking about it, she realized that the high intensity and
high output brain pulse scanner Kayaba Akihiko used to end his own
life was the original design for the Medicuboid and the Soul Translator.
So everything was linked together. Nothing changed. I suppose it was
necessary for me to receive Yuuki Asuna’s mail—?
A night later, Rinko made her decision and sent a reply agreeing
to Asuna’s request.
58

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

It was a dangerous gamble, but I suppose making my way here to
the Pacific is worth seeing Kikuoka Seijirou’s shocked look, Rinko smiled.
She may have gotten the advantage over Kikuoka -who had been
working secretly since the SAO incident and always looked like he was
in control of everything, but it was too early to relax.

“Then, since we’re here, I suppose you understand everything
now...don’t you, Kikuoka-san? Why did you, a Self-Defense Officer, fake
a low profile in the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to
enter the VR world? What are you planning inside this large turtle?
And...why did you kidnap Kirigaya-kun?”

Rinko fired one question after another, and Kikuoka could only
shake his head and sigh hard as he showed a smile that was impossible
to read.
“First, let me explain this misunderstanding that never happened
in the first place...I did drag Kirito-kun into RATH through somewhat
forceful means, and I am really sorry about that. But that was because
we wanted to save him.”
“...What do you mean?”

If Asuna had a sword at her waist, she would have placed her
hand on the hilt. Her forceful countenance was palpable as she closed
in.
“Kirito-kun was attacked by the fugitive in the “Death Gun”
incident and fell into a coma. I knew of it on that day itself. His brain
took a whole lot of damage due to low oxygen levels, and I am very
certain that the level of damage could not be treated through modern
medicine.”
Asuna’s face suddenly went stiff.

59

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Can’t...be treated...”

“A portion of the neural cells inside the brain that form the
network were wrecked. Even if he entered a hospital, no doctor could
tell when he could wake up. It was possible that he might never wake
up again...okay, you don’t have to show such an expression, Asuna-kun.
Didn’t I say that if it were modern medicine?”
Kikuoka gave a 200% most serious expression as he continued,

“However, in this world, only RATH has the technology to heal
Kirito-kun. It’s the STL that you already know of, the Soul Translator.
The dead brain cells can’t be treated, but it is still possible to boost the
regeneration of the brains neural network by reviving the Fluctlight
through the STL. It’s just a matter of time.”

The strong right arm that reached out of the sleeve of the yukata
pointed at the ceiling.

“Right now, Kirito-kun is connected to that main conduit of the
full-scale STL. We couldn’t do any delicate operations in our branch in
Roppongi, so there was a need to come back here. Once the treatment
ended and he regained consciousness, we would have explained
everything to his family and Asuna-kun and sent him back to Tokyo
properly.”
After hearing that, Asuna’s body suddenly swayed, and Rinko
hurriedly reached her hands out to support her.

The girl who had shown amazing insight and the resolve to barge
to the side of her beloved suddenly lost all her tenseness, as a large
tear rolled down the side of her face. She wiped it off in a determined
manner, and stood up once more.
“Then, is Kirito-kun alright? Can he still wake up?”

60

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Ahh, I can assure you of that. His treatment definitely here won’t
be inferior to any large hospital’s. We even assigned a specialized
custodian for him.”

Asuna’s strong stare that was trying to probe into Kikuoka’s real
intent relaxed after several seconds, and she nodded slightly.
“...I understand. I’ll trust you for today.”

Kikuoka heaved a sigh of relief and his shoulders relaxed the
moment he heard that. Rinko took a step forward and asked,

“But why is Kirigaya-kun important in the development of the
STL? Why must you abduct an ordinary high school student like him
for this secret plan that had to be hidden in the middle of the ocean?”

Kikuoka exchanged glances with Higa, and shrugged his
shoulders, Oh well...
“I’ll have a lot of things to say if I have to explain that.”
“It’s alright. There’s still a lot of time.”

“...Since I have to explain everything, you will have to assist in the
development as well, Professor Koujiro.”
“I’ll decide once I hear you out.”

The Self-Defense Officer looked slightly peeved as he dramatically
sighed again. He pulled out a small tube from his yukata sleeve, and as
one they wondered what the item was which turned out to just be
some cheap lemon sweets. He popped 2, 3 sweets into his mouth and
then offered them to Rinko’s group.
“Want some?”
“...No thanks.”

61

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Very well... then, I suppose I can assume that both of you know
the basics of the STL, right?”
Asuna nodded in affirmation.

“It is a machine that reads the human soul... «Fluctlight» and
creates a virtual world that is completely identical to the real world.”
“Fm. Then, what’s the aim of this plan?”

“The development of a bottom-up...«Highly adaptive Artificial
Intelligence».”

Higa whistled as the eyes under the round framed spectacles
showed a look of admiration, shaking his head in disbelief.

“Amazing, Kirito-kun shouldn’t have understood things to such an
extent. How did you manage to investigate this deeply?”

Asuna looked over at Higa as if she was sizing him up, and said
with a stiff tone,
“...I heard the term «Artificial Labile Intelligence» from Kiritokun...”

“Haha, I see. Looks like it would be better for you to check on the
confidentiality in Roppongi, Kiku-san.”

Higa said with a grinning look on his face, and Kikuoka’s frowning
face looked away.

“I was already prepared that some level of information would be
leaked to Kirito-kun. I considered that risk, but his assistance is
quintessential. You should understand that... un, where were we? Oh,
the highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence, right?” Kikuoka again popped
a lemon sweet into the air and nimbly caught it with his mouth. The
Lieutenant Colonel then continued in a lecturing tone,

62

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“The bottom up-type AI is a replicated construct of our human
consciousness, and it was thought for a long time to be a flight of fancy,
a pipe dream. But though we call it a consciousness construct, we have
no idea what kind of structure it has and how it was formed —it’s just
that we used the data provided by Koujiro-sensei and the highly
interpretive and imaginative «Soul Translator» this Higa-kun invented,
and finally managed to capture a human soul -a quantum field we call
«Fluctlight», successfully. Since we managed to make it all the way here,
we feel the success in the development of the bottom up AI is to be
expected... Do you know why?”
“If you can read a human soul, you just need to clone it next... is
that right?”
Rinko felt a slight chill as she said.

“Of course, though there is the question of the medium required
to contain the soul copy...”

“Un, that’s the case. The gate elements used in the past for
quantum computer systems were not enough. Thus, this is the
«Quantum Particle Gate Crystallization» that has had lots of funds
invested into it, also commonly known as a «Lightcube». This construct
that is 5 cm is made from Praseodymium that can store hundreds of
millions of qubits. In other words... we have successfully cloned a
human soul.”

Rinko forced her hands into the pockets of her jeans to hide the
chilly feeling on her fingers. Asuna, who was standing beside her,
seemed to turn pale.

“...Then, the research is already successful, right? Why is there
still a need to call us over.”

63

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

She fearlessly exerted strength into her stomach as she asked that.
Kikuoka exchanged glances with Higa again, showed a weak smile on
the left side of his face, and slowly nodded.

“...Well, we did succeed in our soul cloning, but we did not realize
our own folly. There’s a large divide of incomprehension between a
human clone and a real Artificial Intelligence... Higa-kun, show them
that thing.”
“Ehh—spare me already. It’ll be really messy.”

Higa shook his head unwillingly, but sighed thereafter and started
operating the console unwillingly.
Suddenly, the screen that was showing the mysterious foreign
country darkened.
“Then, loading copy module HG001.”

Tan. Higa tapped the enter key -and there was a fractal light
shining in the middle of the screen. The middle was nearly white, and
the sharp outer boundary of the red light was flickering irregularly.
“...Is the sampling complete?”

An unexpected voice could be heard from the speakers above,
shocking Rinko and Asuna. They heard Higa’s own voice, but there was
a rather melancholic feeling behind it, perhaps because of the thin
metal.
Higa, who was sitting on the chair, took the flexible microphone
on the console and answered the voice that was similar to his,

“Ahh, the sampling of the Artificial Fluctlight was completed
without a hitch.”

64

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“I see. That’s good then. But...what’s going on? It’s completely
dark here. I can’t move my body. Is the STL malfunctioning? Sorry, let
me out of the machine.”
“No...unfortunately, I can’t do that.”

“Oi oi, what now? What are you saying? Who are you? I’ve never
heard your voice before.”

Higa was giving off a cold sweat as he remained silent for a while,
and then answered in a slow tone,
“I’m Higa. Higa Takeru.”
“...”

The red light flared, and suddenly cringed back. After a moment
of silence, the sharp extremities expanded as if they were resisting
something.

“Damn bastard, what are you saying!? I’m Higa here! Let me out of
the STL!”
“Calm down, don’t get upset. This isn’t like you.”

At this point, Rinko finally understood the meaning of the scene in
front of her.
Higa was talking to the clone of his own soul.

“Then, think about it calmly, try and recall. Your memory should
be interrupted the moment you entered the STL to extract the Artificial
Fluctlight clone.”

“...So what? Of course that’s the case. I was unconscious during
the scan.”

65

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“You remember what you said before you entered the STL, right?
If you don’t feel your body when you wake up, and if there is darkness
around you, it means you’re a clone of Higa Takeru.”

The light again shrank back like some sort of sea creature. The
long silence continued for a while, then 2, 3 weak spikes reached out.

“...Impossible. There can’t be such a thing. I’m not a clone, I’m the
real Higa Takeru. I...I have my own memories. I remember everything
from kindergarten, university until the time I got onto the Ocean
Turtle...”
“That’s true, but that’s to be expected. We cloned the complete
memories of the Artificial Fluctlight... as a clone, you are truly Higa
Takeru. Therefore, you should have a superior intellect. Calm down
and analyze the situation over and over again. Let’s work hard to
achieve our common aim.”
“...Our...you’re saying us?”

There was a highly emotional feeling within the metallic voice of
the clone, and at that moment, Rinko’s hands trembled mightily. She
had never seen such a cruel and grotesque ‘experiment’ before.

“...No...no, I can’t believe it. I’m the real Higa. What kind of
experiment is this? It’s alright now. Just let me out of here. Kikusan...are you there? Don’t play any disgusting games now and let me
out.”

On hearing that, Kikuoka showed a melancholy expression, bent
down, and brought his mouth to the microphone.

“...It’s me, Higa-kun. No... I should be calling you HG 001.
Unfortunately, the fact is that you really are a clone. You took many
instructions before the scan, talked with me and the other technicians,

66

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

and you should have been mentally prepared to emerge as a clone. You
entered the STL with that belief in the possibility.”
“But... but... no... NO ONE TOLD ME IT WOULD BE LIKE THIS!!!”

The shrill voice of the clone rang through the control room.

“I...I’M ME! IF I WERE CLONED, YOU COULD HAVE GIVEN ME THE
REALITY OF BEING A CLONE... SUCH A THING... SUCH A THING IS TOO
MUCH... NO... LET ME OUT!! LET ME OUT OF HERE!!”

“Calm down. Remain calm. The error correction function of the
Light Cube is not as great as that of the brain’s. You should know the
dangers of losing your cool when thinking.”
“I’M PERFECT!! I’M HIGA TAKERU! IF THAT’S THE CASE, HOW
ABOUT I START A PI RECITING CONTEST WITH THAT FAKE!? OI,
LET’S START! 3.1415926535897932......”
The red light expanded, dissipating from the screen and
disappeared from the center. A small sound resonated as the
microphone went silent.

Higa Takeru sighed long and hard again, weakly pressed the key
on the console, and declared,
“It collapsed. 4 minutes and 27 seconds.”

After hearing that mumble, Rinko gradually released her tightly
clenched fists, and her palms were drenched in an icy cold sweat.

Asuna used her right hand to cup her mouth the moment she saw
the collapse. Kikuoka, who detected that, kicked an adjacent empty
chair with castor wheels from underneath the console gently over to
them. The pale-stricken Asuna immediately took it and sat on it.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Are you alright?”

Upon hearing that, the girl lifted her head and nodded firmly.
“Ehh...sorry, I’m alright.”

“Don’t force yourself. It’s better to close your eyes for a while.”

Rinko put her hands on Asuna’s shoulders, checked that she had
calmed down, stared at Kikuoka’s face again, and said,
“There has to be a limit to your vulgar tastes, Kikuoka-san.”

“I’m sorry, but I suppose you can understand that I can’t explain
this without letting you see it.”
The Self-Defense Officer shook his head, sighed and continued,

“This Higa-kun is a genius with an IQ of nearly 140. We made a
clone of him and the clone could not take the realization that it was a
clone. We made more than 10 Artificial Fluctlights, including mine, but
the results were all the same. At an average of around 3 minutes, their
train of logic would start to run rampant without exception.”

“I normally won’t call him out like that. I won’t use the first
person pronoun of ‘ore’. I think you can understand, Rinko-sempai.”

Higa Takeru showed a reluctant and fervent expression as he
continued,

“That was already not a problem of understanding the abilities
and mental state of a clone, but the structural flaws by using the Light
Cube to completely clone an Artificial Fluctlight, or that’s what I feel...
—Koujiro-sempai, do you know the term «Brain Resonance»?”

“Eh? Brain resonance...I do remember that it has something to do
with cloning techniques, but the details...”

68

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Well, it’s a bizarre fantastical theory. If we can create a clone
that’s completely identical to the original, the magnetic fields created
by both people’s brains will create a resonance which is amplified like
the feedback of a microphone, and both of them will be destabilized. I
can’t believe that easily —but if our human consciousness can’t endure
the fact that we are not unique existences , there may be such a
possibility... well there, don’t show such an aprehensive expression. If
impossible, how about you try it, Rinko-sempai?”
“Definitely not.”

Rinko felt intimidated as she immediately refused. Asuna, who
had been sitting on the chair with her eyes closed, whispered in place
of the silenced trio,
“...I suppose Kikuoka-san met her many times in ALO. The topdown-type AI Yui-chan said before... even she, who has a completely
different construct from the human consciousness, is scared of being
cloned. If some accident caused her backup copy to be activated and
allowed to take action, they would most likely fight each other to
destroy each other...”
“Heh, that’s rather interesting. Very interesting.”

Higa immediately pushed his glasses up and leaned forward.

“Kiku-san was the only one who saw her? That’s too sneaky.
Please allow me to meet her next time. Yes, I see... as expected, it’s
impossible to clone a developed intellect... or rather, the only
possibility is if the intellect is undeveloped...”
“But that’s...”

Rinko pondered for a while, opened her arms wide, and faced
Kikuoka, saying,

69

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Leaving that aside, the cloning of a soul is really amazing, but you
failed to attain the goal of your research, right? I don’t know how much
you spent, but using the country’s funds only to produce such results
is...”
“No no no.”

Kikuoka smiled bitterly and shook his head,

“If that was the outcome, my head would be already flying to the
ceiling fan. And not just mine...several of the big shots in the Integrated
Supervision Department would also be dead.”

He played with the tube that contained the lemon sweets again,
and after realizing that it was empty, took out a box of white milk
sweets from his other sleeve and chewed on one.

“In fact, you can say that this is the start of the project. It’s
impossible to clone a developed soul, is that right... and if that won’t
work, what do you think we have to do, professor?”
“...Can you give me one of those?”

She took the milk sweet Kikuoka happily handed over,
unwrapped it and popped it into her mouth. The soured sweet taste of
yoghurt spread in her mouth. The American flavours were not to her
tastes, but the sugar caused the mental fatigue to be washed away as
she organized her thoughts.

“...How about you limit their memories? For example... delete
personal information like names and addresses. If you don’t know who
you are, you can’t create the dramatic hysteria which occurred just
now...”
70

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“As expected of you, sempai, to be able to think of something like
that immediately.”
Higa used his old university tone as he continued,

“We spent around a week brainstorming before we finally
thought of that idea. We then tried to implement it, but... Artificial
Fluctlights aren’t as easy to manipulate as files in a calculator’s OS.
Simply put, their memories and abilities are entangled with each other.
If we think about it, that’s obvious since our abilities aren’t inherent in
us from the beginning, but are all learnt.”

And then, Higa took out a memo pad on the table and used two
fingers of his right hand to hold it.

“Learning is also a form of memory. Once you forget the memory
of using a pair of scissors to cut paper for the first time, you will forget
how to use the scissors... in other words, deleting memories that are a
part of growing up will cause the related ability to be gone. The tragic
state of such a clone is something a developed clone can’t compare to.
Also, wanna look?”
“No...no need for that, thanks.”

Rinko hurriedly shook her head to refuse.

“Then... the memories and abilities will disappear no matter what,
so how about learning from the beginning? No...that’s not realistic. It
would take too long.”

“Ehh, that’s the case. Besides, learning basic abilities like language
and calculations are more difficult for us adults who have less room to
develop our brains to learn. I’ve been trying to learn Korean, and I have
been learning their systemic language for who knows how many years...
afterall, the process of learning is a development of a neural network
71

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

like that of a quantum computer... in other words, it means that the
efficiency will drop increasingly as it evolves further from it’s state of
‘birth’.”

“Then, memories... aren’t just limited in terms of data, but also by
thoughts and logic? Can the STL even do such a thing...?”

“If it wants to do so, I don’t think there’s anything it can’t do. It’s
just that we have to account for the amount of time we need to analyze
the Artificial Fluctlight in qubits that amounts to billions, determining
what functions each individual qubit has. A few years...decades, we
don’t know how long. But... there’s a more direct and simple method
this uncle here thought of. I guess it’s an idea us researchers can’t think
of...”
Rinko blinked and stared at Kikuoka, who had his waist leaning
against the console. The poker face looked rather calm, and it was still
impossible to read this person’s mind.
“...A simple method...?”

Even after thinking hard, she couldn’t think of it, and just as she
was about to surrender by asking him, *GATAN*, Asuna, who was on
the chair slightly further away, stood up as if she had jumped.
“Do...don’t tell me, you all, did such a horrifying thing...”

Her face was still rather pale, but her eyes regained their adamant
glow. The beauty that far exceeded that of a normal Japanese showed
an intense rage as Asuna stared right at the Self-Defense Officer.
“...You...you cloned the soul of newborn babies? To get flawless
Fluctlights that had nothing learned?”

72

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“You have really amazing perception. You and Kirito-kun both did
clear SAO... the hero who beat that Kayaba Akihiko. I suppose it would
be disrespectful of me to say this, wouldn’t it?”
Kikuoka continued to smile as he showed an expression of pure
admiration.
Rinko’s heart suddenly ached the moment she unexpectedly
heard Kayaba’s name.

After knowing Asuna for merely a few days, Rinko had a very
good impression on her. Strictly put, Asuna had the right to lecture,
curse and judge Rinko, and even after hiding a lot of things, Rinko still
helped Kayaba Akihiko in his dreadful plot, causing Asuna to be
trapped in that cruel death game for 2 years.

However, neither Asuna nor Kirigaya Kazuto, who met her a long
time ago, ever blamed Rinko. It was as if they were saying that it was
bound to happen.

In that case, did Asuna think that this «RATH incident» is definitely
something that would occur? —Rinko continued to stare forward as she
inadvertently thought that, and Asuna took a step towards Kikuoka
again.

“Do you think... the Self-Defense Force, the country can do
whatever they want? Placing their goals as the priority?”
“How can that be?”

Kikuoka looked like he was greatly hurt as he shook his head hard.

“It was really too much of us to abduct Kirito-kun, but at that
moment, I could not tell all our secrets to Asuna-kun and Kirito-kun’s
family. We used our connections with the National Defense Medical

73

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

College hospital to transport Kirito-kun to the Ocean Turtle, and even if
we had to fight for every moment and we did have to use extreme
means to quickly get him treated in the STL here. I do like him a lot.”

The Lieutenant Colonel paused, showing what might be an
innocent smile, pushed his black-framed glasses back and continued,

“...On the other hand, I am trying my best to maintain law and
order, compared to many research enterprises and countries in the
world. It’s all the same whether you agree with it right now or not. Of
course, we obtained permission from the parents of the newborns to
use the STL to scan their Fluctlight, and gave them ample thanks. The
branch office in Roppongi was prepared for that... it is similar to an
obstetric hospital.”

“But you didn’t explain everything to their parents, right? About
what kind of machine the STL is.”
“Ahh... it’s true that we only said that we were obtaining
brainwave samples... but that can’t be considered a lie. Fluctlights are
electric waves inside the brain.”

“That’s just making excuses. That’s similar to extracting DNA from
kids who don’t know anything and cloning them.”

At this moment, Higa, who had kept quiet, unexpectedly raised his
arms to do a large timeout sign to Kikuoka.
“That’s really a little too much, Kiku-san. I feel that there’s a
question of morality in secretly cloning newborn Fluctlights.
But...Yuuki-san? Your understanding is a little mistaken. The
Fluctlights don’t have any physical differences in them like genes,
especially when they’re born.”

74

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

He nudged the edge of his silver-framed glasses in that
supervisor-like manner, seemingly looking around for a choice of
words.

“Let’s see...how about I explain this. For example, a manufacturer
produces the same model of computer, and when it’s produced, the
specifications and appearances are all the same. However, once they
end up in the users’ hands, it can be said that they will be changed into
something completely different in half a year, or one year. It’s the same
for human Fluctlights. In the end, we managed to clone Artificial
Fluctlights out of 12 children, but after comparing them with each
other, we found that the brain capacity was no different. About 99.98%
of them were of completely identical constructs, and the 0.02%
difference can be said to be the accumulated memories they have
gained since they were born. In other words, the human thinking
ability and personalities are all determined once they’re born. The
theory that abilities and personalities are inherited by genetics are
completely repudiated. I really want to pierce holes all over this fatal
flaw the eugenics believers believe in.”
“You can poke holes in it once the plan is complete.”

Kikuoka said with a seemingly tired expression.

“Anyway, Higa-kun has already explained this. In conclusion, a
newborn Fluctlight clone does not have a specified personality from
the cloning. Thus, if we cautiously eliminate the 0.02% difference from
the 12 samples, what we get is what we call,”

His arms looked like they were bearing something very
important—
“«Spiritual Prototype»... «Soul Archetype».”

75

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“...You just thought of such an exaggerated term. In other words,
that’s the ‘self’ in Jung’s Psychology, right?”

Kikuoka could only give a wry smile in response to Rinko’s
question, and shrugged.

“No no, I don’t really want to explain it in details. That’s just an
explanation on the workings. Yes... the Spiritual Prototype all humans
have can be considered as a CPU core, I suppose that is a way to
explain it. When humans grow, the core will have all sorts of processes
and memories installed until the structure of the core changes... it’s not
enough for us to put that «completed item» type of basic clone into the
Light Cube when we’re looking for a «Highly Adaptive Artificial
Intelligence». We just showed an example to you before. Then, if we
clone the Spiritual Prototype into the Light Cube right from the
beginning... into the virtual world and let it grow, consider what would
happen.”
“But...”

Asuna did not look like she understood. Rinko put her hand on
Asuna’s shoulder to get her to sit down, and interjected,

“Let it grow. Even if you say that, it’s different from plants and
pets, right? It’s the same with human children, that Spiritual Prototype.
Then, I suppose there’s a need for the virtual world to be extremely
vast, an imitation that is of a level equal to current society... can you
actually do such a thing?”
“Impossible.”

Sighing, Kikuoka admitted.

“It’s a virtual world created by the STL. It’s different from the VR
worlds we had in the past in that there’s no need for 3D objects, but it’s

76

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

still difficult to use a complex and exotic modern society to produce it
—do you remember a character in a movie before you were born,
Asuna-kun? There was a given situation where a man’s life was filmed
as a movie and aired from his birth. The immaculate set that was built
in the large domed city was populated with hundreds of temporary
actors, all for a male protagonist who was unaware that he was one... in
a situation that was created for this. However, that man grew up,
learned from this world, found various peculiarities in this world and
finally realized the truth...” 1
“I saw it. I liked the movie quite a bit.”

Rinko said, and Asuna indicated her agreement. Kikuoka nodded
and continued,

“In other words...if we want complete processing of the world,
there is necessary information we have to include... the world is a huge
round body, and there might be many countries in it or something like
that. We will try not to cause a misunderstanding in the humans
growing up in the simulation that might cause them to feel out of place
and get into trouble. Even the STL can’t completely replicate the virtual
world.”

“Then, how about you bring the civilization level of the simulation
back to a past era? During the time humans discovered science and
philosophy, when they remained in that age from birth till death... if
that happens, wouldn’t your aim be to let the Spiritual Prototypes
develop?”
“Un, that might be a roundabout method, and would need a lot of
time for that... in the STL, firstly, if it’s like Professor Koujiro assumed,
1

The Truman Show (1998) featuring Jim Carrey.

77

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

we would try to nurture the first generation of AI under certain
conditions. To put it specifically, it would be a small Japanese village in
the 16th century, however...”

up,

At this moment, Kikuoka paused and shrugged, Higa then spoke

“This isn’t as easy as you imagine it to be. We’re complete
amateurs to the culture and social norms during that era. We knew
that a large amount of data would be necessary in order to build a
home, and we had to huddle our heads together and think before we
finally did. It was simple, there was no need to recreate the middle
ages. We understood that a limited terrain and customs would bring
about different settings that we can then adjust however we want, and
all the troublesome issues can be resolved by the term ‘magic’. Such a
world itself is like a range, in that familiar network world Asuna-kun
and Kirigaya-kun are familiar with.”
“A VRMMO world.”

Higa stared at Asuna, who whispered in a hoarse voice, and
snapped his fingers.

“I actually went around playing them, though I can say that I keep
hitting walls. However, even though I don’t know who created it, I hear
that they even have free packages to create new such games?”
“...!”

Higa was talking about «The Seed»... Kayaba Akihiko’s work, the
kernel version of the Cardinal System that Kirigaya Kazuto realized.
Rinko took a gasp of cold air as she immediately comprehended this,
but it seemed that Higa and Kikuoka did not realize where that
program originated from.

78

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Immediately, Rinko realized that there was still something
secretive about that incident, and pretended not to know anything as
she touched Asuna’s shoulders with her fingers. It seemed that Asuna
received what she wanted to say as she wordlessly shook her head.

Higa did not realize something was wrong with the duo as he
continued with an open-minded tone,

“If we create a virtual world within the STL main frame, we won’t
need any 3D data. But in that case, it would be too uninteresting to
create the model data from the surveillance monitor. That’s why we
hurried and downloaded The Seed and used the editor that came with
it to frantically create the village and surrounding landscape before
using the visual mnemonics of the STL to transfer it.

“Is that so... in other words, that world became a double construct,
right? The lower priority server operates through the VR world with a
common data exchange, while the upper priority STL main frame
operates through a specially-designed VR world. So what happens if
we swap both of them... how about that?”

Yes, Higa nodded, and another question popped up before he
could think.

“...Then, what if we don’t use the STL for the lower priority server
but dive in with the AmuSphere, can it work?”

“Erm... well, theoretically, it is possible, but the frequencies have
to be lowered by twofold... the visual mnemonic and the polygon data
aren’t encompassed...”

over,

Higa started to stutter, and Kikuoka rubbed his hands as he took

79

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Anyway, after many setbacks, we finally managed to complete
our first milestone.”

The Self-Defense Officer seemed to be reminiscing on his own
past as his gaze wavered in the air.

“The first village we made had 16 Spiritual Prototypes in two
farming families... in other words, we let the AI children grow to the
age of 18.”

“Wa, wa, grow up... who were the parents who raised them? Don’t
tell me it’s an existing AI?”

“We discussed that before, and no matter how many capabilities
the AI in The Seed has, it’s impossible to raise the children using it. The
first generation parents were humans, four male and female
technicians acted as their parents and spent 18 years in the STL.
Though the memories from within were eliminated -it couldn’t be
helped as part of the experiment, so we could only bear with that. The
reward money we gave wasn’t enough.”
“No, but it seemed that they were unexpectedly enjoying it.”

Rinko stared blankly at the faces of Kikuoka and Higa who were
chatting away leisurely, and finally squeezed out words from her
mouth.

“18 years...? I heard that the Soul Translator has a subjective time
acceleration function... how much would that be in the real world?”
“About a week.”

The immediate answer shocked her again. 18 years had
approximately 940 weeks, which means that the STL time acceleration
function was shockingly at approximately 1000 times.

80

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Won’t... there be problems if the human brain is accelerated to
1000 times the normal processing rate?”

“The STL is not connected to the human brain, but the quantum
particles that form the consciousness. We let the electric signals trigger
the neurons in the neurotransmitters resulting in various biological
phenomenon, allowing them to accelerate. In other words,
theoretically, you can assume that the time required to think has more
or less accelerated, and there won’t be any damage to the brain.”
“In other words, there’s no upward limit...?”

Rinko had some simple prior knowledge about the Soul
Translator time acceleration function, but did not know the exact
number, and could only try her best to understand, speechless.

Up until now, she had always thought that the greatest function of
the STL was to copy a human soul, but the shock that came with the
time acceleration function was no less than before. That was because
the possibility of theoretically increasing the work efficiency in virtual
space was enough to shock her.

“However... there are still problems we haven’t confirmed yet, so
the current maximum limit is around 1,500.”

Rinko’s mind was numb because of the shock, but was calmed
down by Higa Takeru’s depressed expression.
“Problems?”

“There were suggestions such as whether the soul has its own
lifespan compared to the brain that is part of the body system...”

Rinko could not understand immediately as she tilted her head to
think. Higa stared at Kikuoka, giving a look that said ‘can I continue

81

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

from this?’ The Self-Defense Officer immediately looked as if the milk
sweet in his mouth suddenly became bitter, and promptly said,

“Well, we still haven’t gotten out of the hypothesis stage. Simply
put, the quantum computer we call «Artificial FluctLights» have limited
capacity, and if we pass the limit, the construct will degrade... We
haven’t tested it out, so we can’t explain it definitively, but we set a FLA
maximum limit for safety purposes.”
“...In other words, the body has aged for many years while
externally less than a week has passed on the outside? Won’t the time
acceleration function be useless now? Is there no other way to avoid
such a phenomenon?”

Rinko could not help but ask as she showed the inquisitive nature
of a researcher, and this time, Higa showed a depressed expression.

“Erm, well, theoretically... it’s not like we’ve never had such
fantasies ourselves. We have thought of making a portable STL device,
and using that device to store the memories during the acceleration
into an external device so that the capacity of the Fluctlight will not run
out. However, it’s definitely impossible to shrink the STL like that. Even
if we could find a way for that, there’s still a scary problem of losing
memories of the acceleration after we remove the portable device.”

“...It’s basically a dream that surpasses fantasy. Overclocking the
brain without using external memory... I would want to make that
happen if I’m a test subject too.”

Rinko shook her head about as she muttered, and redirected her
thoughts that were off tangent back on topic,
“Anyway, about that, there currently is no method to avoid the
issue of capacity oppression... in that case... wa, wait a moment.

82

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Kikuoka-kun, didn’t you just say that the technicians stayed inside the
STL for 18 years to raise the Spiritual Prototypes? What happened to
their Fluctlights? Has their intellectual ability been retarded by 18
years?”
“No, no, it’s not like that... probably.”

Probably? Rinko stared at Kikuoka, but he nonchalantly ignored
her stare as he continued to explain,

“As for the overall capacity of the Fluctlights, if we estimate at the
pace at which it runs out, our «Soul’s Life» is about 150 years long. In
other words, if we can remain completely healthy, and with luck our
brain avoid all sorts of diseases, it could be said that our intellect can
be maintained for a maximum of approximately 150 years. Of course,
it’s impossible as it’s improbable for us to live that long. If we take
ample safety precautions, we can assume that it’s fine for us to spend
30 years inside the STL.”
“And in a century from now, there won’t be a groundbreaking
technology developed that can extend our lifespans...”

Rinko interjected with sarcasm, but Kikuoka did not mind as he
answered,

“Even if we develop such a technology, I suspect that we won’t
gain favors that’s any different from other civilians. Well, we’ve
confirmed the lifespan of the souls, so we can now continue our topic.
Thanks to the volunteer work the 4 technicians offered, the pride we
have in creating the 16 young people who grew quickly... for simplicity
sake, we’ll call them «Artificial Fluctlights», should be somewhat
satisfactory. They all obtained the ability of language —of course, we’re
talking about Japanese here —and basic calculation ability to maintain
their other thought processes, and were living a rather exciting life in

83

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the virtual world we created. They were definitely good kids... very
obedient to their parents, woke up early in the morning to get water,
chop wood, farm... some of them were honest, some of them liked to
show off their personalities, and were basically kind and friendly.

Kikuoka, who smiled as he said that, showed a somewhat
troubled expression on his lips, or perhaps that was just her
imagination?

“They grew up... both families had four boys and four girls,
brothers and sisters to each other, and they all fell in love. Thus, once
we determined that they were old enough to raise their own children,
the first phase of the experiment ended, and the 16 young people
became eight couples as they had their own families and went off living
independently. The four technicians who were their parents all ‘died’
of an epidemic one after another and were released from the STL. The
18 years of memories they had were completely blocked, and their
memories reverted to those they had a week ago just before they
entered the STL. They started crying when they saw their children
crying at their funerals from the external monitor.”
“That was really a great scene...”

Kikuoka and Higa nodded at each other calmly, and Rinko
pretended to cough lightly to prompt them to continue,

“...And then, after the human technicians logged out, there was no
need to worry about the FLA rate, so we increased the time inside to
5,000 times the rate of current reality. The eight couples all had ten
children each, Spiritual Prototypes, and they were all raised. These
children then quickly grew into adults and formed into families, and
soon gradually replacing the NPCs that acted as villagers, finally
forming villages with only Artificial Fluctlights. As the era changed,

84

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

their descendants continued to multiply... in the three weeks of reality,
the inside world has spent 300 years of simulation, and we finally
formed a large society of 80,000 people.”
“80,000...!?”

Rinko could not help but utter aloud. After moving her lips for
who knew how many times, she finally managed to project suitable
words from between her lips.

“...Then... that’s already more of a simulation of a civilization than
an Artificial Intelligence inception.”

“Yes, but in a certain sense, it’s to be expected why such a thing
happened. Humans are creatures who conform to society... and they
can only grow by building relationships with others. During the 300
years, the Artificial Fluctlights expanded out from a small village and
occupied the vast range we had set completely. They managed to build
up an outstanding central government structure without a single
bloody war, and there is even religion... I suppose that’s the reasoning
they used to explain all aspects of the system to the children, they did
not use science, but god. Higa-kun, show the full map on the monitor.”
Higa nodded in agreement, and immediately worked on the
console. The large monitor that had shown the disgusting experiment
before now showed a detailed map of an aerial photograph.

Of course, Japan and the rest of the world are different from that
country.

The ocean did not exist at all, and the round shaped flatlands
were all surrounded by a tall mountain range. There were many
stretches of forests and grasslands, as well as many rivers and lakes. It
looked like a very fertile land. Looking at the scale of the map below,

85

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the flatlands that were surrounded by the mountains seemed to be
around 1,500km in diameter, and the size was about 8 times that of
Honshu, Japan.

“Just 80,000 people in such a large space? That is quite the sparse
population.”
“Or rather, Japan itself is abnormal.”

Higa chuckled at Rinko and stretched his hand out for the mouse,
pointing it at the middle of the map and circling around it.

“The area around here is the capital, 20,000 in population.
Perhaps we might not feel that it’s anything much, but it’s an
outstanding city. The government institute which the Artificial
Fluctlights call the «Integrity Church» exists here, and is ruled by the
«Priests». Their influence is rather impressive, and there have been no
wars happening— at this point, we felt that the experiment itself has
basically a success. In this virtual world, the Artificial Fluctlights are
growing with the same level of intellect as humans. We were happy
enough to enter the next phase that could meet our aim, the growth of
the «Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence», but...”
“We finally found a serious problem.”

Kikuoka stared at the monitor, and then said,

“...There weren’t any problems in what you have heard up till now,
correct?”

“I suppose you can say... that something wrong happened in the
place where nothing went wrong. This world is way too peaceful.
Perhaps it’s because it’s too orderly and is working perfectly. We
should have realized that it’s strange based on how the sixteen
children were all so obedient to their parents... it’s not strange for

86

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

humans to fight each other, or rather, it’s part of nature. However,
there have been no wars here, not even once, let alone killings. The
rate of growth for the population is too fast, let’s put it that way. The
chance of diseases and natural disasters happening will basically be
nonexistent, and humans won’t die other than of old age...”
“It’s like an ideal society.”

Higa coldly snorted at Rinko’s words and said,

“Is it really true that the «Mythical Utopia» was actually a Utopia?”

“...Well, if it wasn’t, it can’t be considered a legend... Did you not
also see something spectacular in this virtual society?”

“Of course we didn’t look, we just tried looking at our own reality.”

The sound of the clogs landing on the floor echoed, and Kikuoka,
who leapt off the console, turned to the large monitor and started
explaining again,

“The Artificial Fluctlights should have the same desires as us, yet
why won’t wars happen... we investigated thoroughly into their
lifestyles. We then found that in this world, they have a strict set of
rules. It is the «Taboo Index» that the priests put all their efforts into
building. In there, there is a clause forbidding killing. The same laws do
exist in our world too, of course, but whether we abide by them or not
can be seen through the daily news. The Fluctlights themselves actually
obey it though... in an overly obedient manner. In other words... they
can’t break laws or rules. That is their innate nature.”
face.

“...Isn’t that a good thing?”

Rinko gave a puzzled look as she saw the side of Kikuoka’s grim
87

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

us?”

“Listening to this point, wouldn’t they be more exceptional than

“Well... you can put it that way. Higa-kun, can you bring the image
back to «Centoria»?”
“Okay.”

Higa tapped at the console keyboard, and the large monitor again
displayed the image of the otherworldly city that was shown when
Rinko’s group entered. The white stone buildings were surrounded by
large trees, and the people wearing simple and clean clothes were
casually walking by in this other world.
“Ah... then, this is?”

Rinko was engrossed as she saw this, and could not help but ask.
Higa nodded away in a slightly satisfied manner.

“Ee, this is the capital of the world the Artifical Fluctlights live in,
«Centoria». Actually, it’s exactly like what we’re seeing. They’re using
the polygon visuals of the lower server, and the digital clarity is very
low. The display speed is only at one-thousandth of their rate.”
“Centoria...it even has a proper name. About the world they’re
born in, does it not have a name?”

“It does... I suppose. It isn’t named by the Artificial Fluctlights
though, but by the codename we used in the beginning stages of our
planning that we left in there. The name of this world is called
«Underworld».”
“Under...world.”

It seemed to be a name taken from «Alice in Wonderland». Rinko
herself had heard about it from Asuna, but she did not expect them to

88

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

89

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

use the name for the internal world. It was likely that Higa and the rest
did not name it using the original’s «Underground World», but named
it with the meaning of «The World of Reality at the Bottom». The
beauty of the fantasy-like city shown on the monitor may be a form of
paradise.
Kikuoka seemed to read Rinko’s thoughts as he said,

“It’s true that this city is nice. There was actually quite an
evolution in technology since we started giving them simple wooden
houses as farming houses. However... if I have to say it, this street here
is too beautiful, too tidy. There’s not a speck of litter, not even a robber,
and of course, no cases of murder. These are all part of the strict rules
of the «Integrity Church» that can be seen from afar, the reason why no
one will ever break it.”
“Then, what’s wrong about that?”

She frowned as she wanted to ask again, but Kikuoka shut up for
some reason, seemingly looking for a way to answer. Higa glanced
aside unnaturally and did not seem to have any intention of talking.

What broke the silence in the large primary control room was
Asuna who had been remaining silent. The high-school student who
was the youngest here lowered her voice as she said calmly,
restraining herself,

“In that case, Kikuoka-san and the rest will be troubled, Professor
Rinko. That’s because the final aim of this large plan isn’t just to create
a bottom-up Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence... but to create AIs
that can kill enemy soldiers in war.”
“What...”

90

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

The trio gave flabbergasted expressions, Asuna glanced past
Rinko, Kikuoka and Higa wordlessly, and continued,

“As for me, before I arrived, I had wondered why Kikuoka-san... of
the Self-Defense Force wanted to create an Artificial Intelligence of
such a high level. A long time before, Kirito-kun and I deduced that
Kikuoka-san was interested in VRMMO because he wanted to use that
technology for the police’s or Self-Defense Forces’ training. That’s why,
as the creation of the Artificial Intelligence was part of it as well, we
first assumed that it would be used for training against enemy forces.
However... if we thought about it, training inside the VR world would
have none of the dangers in reality, and they could just split the
soldiers into groups for training. That is because we often went
through such simulations as well.”
She paused for a moment and looked around at the surrounding
machines and the monitor in front of her.

“—And, the plan itself is too large for it to be merely for
developing a program for training. Kikuoka-san, I have no idea when
you thought of ‘the next step’, raising the AIs in the virtual world and
using it for real wars.”

After a moment of surprise, the face that was staring at the girl’s
clear eyes changed to an incomprehensible emotionless expression, as
he smiled calmly,
“Since the beginning.”

There was an incomprehensible iron-like toughness in the gentle
voice,

“The research for integrating VR technology into military training
was already prevalent before the Full-Dive technology was around,

91

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

during the time of head mounted displays and motion sensors. The
antiques the American army developed are still in the research
headquarters in Ichigaya. Five years ago, during the time the Nerve
Gear was developed, the Self-Defense Forces and the American army
both used it to develop training programs, but after trying the SAO
closed beta that happened afterwards, I changed my mind. This world,
the technology had a much bigger possibility. The concept of war had
already changed right from the beginning...and then, at the end of that
year, when the SAO incident happened, I voluntarily transferred over
to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to became part
of the task force. I had been keeping myself concerned with the
developments in this incident all for the sake of this plan. After
spending 5 years, I’ve finally made it here.”
“...”

The conversation had developed in a direction that no one had
imagined, as Rinko could not say anything for the time being. She
barely managed to clear up her confused thoughts and squeezed out
words from her dry throat.”

“...I was a primary school student during the Iraq war, and I still
remember things clearly. There were mass reports of how the
American army’s unmanned jet fighters and mini-tank drones attacked
the enemy. I suppose that’s what you mean? It meant these weapons
that had AIs in them were attacking on their own. You were thinking
about that...”

“It’s not just me. Every country had been researching this
technology, especially America who have been pursuing this for many
years. Although this might bring painful memories to you, Asuna-kun...”
92

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Kikouka paused slightly, stared at Asuna, checking that she was
still calm, and continued,

“...Sugou Noboyuki, who imprisoned you in the virtual world and
used many SAO players as part of an experiment, wanted to sell the
results of his research to American companies, do you remember?
Grojean Micro Electronics that he made contact with was a leading
enterprise in the VR realm, but was famous for doing illegal deals for
the sake of using the VR technology for military purposes. The
American army munitions industry has paid the most attention to
developing the unmanned drones Professor Koujiro just mentioned.
One of the notable ones is the flying aircraft —Unmanned Aerial
Vehicle, or «UAV» for short.”

Perhaps Higa was being too prepared as he wordlessly moved the
mouse to switch the image on the monitor screen, and what was
shown were small unmanned fighters with long, slender fuselages and
several wings attached. The mechanical wings had guided missiles
loaded underneath, and there was not a single window on the plane.

“These are the unmanned recon and assault fighter jets in the
American army. It’s small since there’s no need for a cockpit, and
allows it to be in a shape for stealth flight so that it can’t be detected on
the radar. The machines from the previous generations were all
remote controlled from long distance with an operator manipulating
foot pedals and joysticks as the plane flies, but this is different.”
The moment he said this, he switched the image on the monitor,
and this time, the image was of a soldier being the operator. The
soldier was leaning back on a reclining seat and had his hands on the
arm rests. Then, Rinko noticed a familiar cabled helmet on the head —
the Nerve Gear was covering it. Looking closely, the paint job on the

93

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

outside shell and some minor parts were different, but they were
obviously of the same model.

Rinko glanced aside to see Asuna’s frozen expression with her
eyes wide open. She then turned around, and Kikuoka continued his
explanation,

“Here, the operator is in a virtual cockpit. It’s like he’s really
operating a machine by being immersed like this, and he can scout out
the enemy forces and fire guided missiles at them. However, the
problem is that we use electromagnetic waves to control them, and
they are still relatively weak against the ECM... the Electronic Counter
Measures. 10 years ago, the recon UAVs the American Army used to
infiltrate a country in the Middle East were hit with interference, were
forced to land, and were captured thereby causing what was a very
tense situation that nearly started a war.”

“Then, Artificial Intelligence...right? In order to let aircrafts fly on
their own...”

Kikuoka turned his eyes away from the monitor, looked over at
Rinko’s group, and lightly nodded in agreement.

“The ultimate goal is to shoot down all human-piloted fighter jets
in aerial dogfights. I suppose that there is a large possibility for the
current Artificial Fluctlights to grow once we give them suitable
programs to grow within. However, there is a large issue, and that is,
how are they, who are soldiers without flesh, able to understand the
concept of «war»... killing itself is evil, but it’s a requirement to kill
enemy soldiers in war; currently, the Artificial Fluctlights are unable to
accept such a paradoxical thinking as there’s not even a single example
in their law.”

The Self-Defense Officer pushed his glasses up, and frowned hard,

94

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“—We set up an «Overload Experiment» in order to test out how
obedient the residents of Underworld would be. To put it in details, we
chose an isolated village, caused the crops and livestocks in the farms
to die off to such an extent that the villagers would definitely be unable
to last through the winter, creating a situation such that if the village
was to survive, they would have to abandon a group of their villagers
and ration food out to another group, thereby forcing people to
disobey the Taboo Index rule of killing someone. However, what
happened was... they chose to distribute their meager harvest to
everyone in the villager, from the old to the young, and as a result
everyone died of starvation when spring came. They were existences
unable to break the laws and regulations for some reason, and the
outcome was really tragic. In other words... if they are to be pilots
carrying weapons, they have to know the first premise, ‘killing is okay’.
But what circumstances will allow them to develop this, even we can’t
imagine...”
The Self-Defense Officer folded his sturdy arms that were poking
out from the sleeves of his yukata, and shook his head weakly.
Rinko could not imagine a scene where, in contrast to existing
aircraft, groups of unmanned fighter jets in all sorts of strange shapes
used missiles and machine guns to kill indiscriminately, whether they
were soldiers or civilians. Her arms shuddered slightly as her hands
continued to rub against each other.

“...You’re not joking about that, right? Exactly why must you have
AIs in such incredibly dangerous weapons? Although somewhat
limited, can’t you just do remote control from afar? Uun, speaking of
which... I don’t want to accept the existence of unmanned weapons
themselves.”
95

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Well, it’s not like I don’t understand that feeling. When I saw the
American large caliber rifles on unmanned vehicles, I gave extreme
thanks that I was not one of those who lived there. However...
unmanned weapons are already a part of necessity in this age, and the
advanced countries are unable to resist the demands of the times”
Kikuoka lifted his finger like a history teacher and continued,

“Then, let’s use the largest military in the world, America for
example. The actual death toll of soldiers during the Second World War
for them was actually 400,000. Even though so many people died,
President Roosevelt at that time was passionately supported by the
people in the country, and spent 30 years, 4 terms in office at the
highest authority until he died of a stroke. Though I don’t like the
attitude during those times where 80 years ago, using the number of
soldier deaths to determine the victory of an army was part of the
spirit.”

fist.

The second finger flicked up silently, maybe because of the strong

“Then, during the Vietnam War, there was an anti-war movement
started by the students, and President Johnson was prevented from
running a second term. At that time, 60,000 people died in battle. As
the flag of Anti-Communism was raised, soldiers were sent to the
battlefield one after another and died —however, in the temporary
peace that is now called the Cold War, the feelings of the people
changed slightly... and then, this era ended with the collapse of the
Soviet Union. America, having lost the enemy called Communism,
strode onto the stage called the war against terrorism in order to
maintain the army munitions industry that was deeply ingrained into
the country.

96

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Kikuoka raised the third finger and continued on fluently,

“—But in that battlefield, there were no signs of the citizens
accepting soldiers’ deaths. During the Iraq War at the beginning of the
century, American soldiers were sent over with around 4,000 of them
dying and that number alone shook the support for the Bush
Administration. Of course, not only due to this but also other factors,
his presidential popularity declined. It could be said that it was to be
expected when he supported the Republican candidate McCain lost to
the Democrat Obama who promised to completely withdraw from Iraq
—in other words...”
He put his hands down, took a short breath, and paused his long
conclusion.

“Within that country it’s no longer considered the era for humans
to fight in wars, However, they have been unable to stop the allocation
of money into this ample morsel called the defense budget. The future
of war has thus been transformed into unmanned weapons vs people
or unmanned weapons against unmanned weapons.”
“...I can understand the American situation, but it’s another thing
whether we can accept this.”

Rinko nodded slightly as she felt irritated by the sudden
extraordinary thought of using unmanned weapons to carry out a war
without injuries. She again stared at Kikuoka and questioned,

“But why do you as a Self-Defense Officer, follow behind this
stupid arms race? Or is this «RATH» research started by the military?”
“HOW CAN THAT BE!?”

97

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Kikuoka denied it with a rare loud voice, but immediately
reverted back to his usual smile and opened his arms wide in an
exaggerated manner.

“Or rather, it’s the correct choice for us to float in a large ocean to
hide from the American Army. The bases on the mainland can be
clearly seen —and as for why we have to develop unmanned weapons
at such a crazy rate... it’s easy to explain that. Will you allow me to ask
Kayaba-sensei why he wanted to create SAO?”
“Of course you can.”

Rinko answered with a deadpan expression, and Kikuoka showed
a large forced smile as he shrugged his shoulders,
“Pardon my rudeness for saying something I shouldn’t have said.
Yes... the biggest reason is that, currently in Japan, to put it simply, our
defense technology is too weak”
“Defense...technology?”

“I suppose you can put it this way; the weapons are developed
and produced from zero, but that is to be expected as no country
exports weapons to Japan. It’s the same for the manufacturers as well,
since using the spending budget of the Self-Defense Forces to carry out
deals would be completely meaningless. In the end, we had to buy the
latest equipment from America and finally managed to carry out
development together. But, to put it simply...the together here is just in
name only, a one-sided thing.”
The Self-Defense Officer adjusted the collar of his yukata, folded
his arms, and continued explaining in a rather bitter tone,

“For example, the support fighter jets that we’re currently
equipped with now are developed together with America, but in fact,

98

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

they have hidden their latest technology and obtained the advanced
technology which Japan created. As for the weapons we bought, what
kind of capabilities will they have? Our main latest fighter jets that we
bought looked as if the software -the brains, had been removed. So the
American army has given us outdated technology and kept the good
stuff... hm, I feel like an idiot saying these things.”

Kikuoka grimaced again as he folded his legs on the console desk,
shaking the clogs on his toes.

“In regards to this situation, a group of our Self-Defense Officers
and a group of young technicians from small and medium sized
defense-related manufacturers have already felt a strong sense of
danger. Can we keep relying on America for the core of our defense
technology? That sense of danger was the driving force behind RATH’s
creation, where we want to create Japan’s own technology. That’s all
we hoped.”
Even though Kikuoka’s words sounds rather admirable, to what
extent should they be accepted? Rinko thought as she stared deep into
the dark eyes deep within the black-framed glasses. However, the SelfDefense Officer’s eyes did not show anything at all, as if they were the
black-framed glasses themselves.

Rinko looked away and stared at Higa Takeru who was sitting
beside Kikuoka.

“...Is your motive in taking part in this plan the same as well, Higakun? I didn’t know that you had such awareness about the National
Defense.”
“No.”

99

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Higa Takeru scratched his head shyly in response to Rinko’s
words,

“As for my motive - well, it’s personal. I had a friend when I was a
student in a Korean University, and he was deployed to Iraq for
military service, only to be killed in a suicide bombing. Well... even if
this world will have wars, I hope that humans won’t die for such
foolish reasons, I suppose.”

“...But that Self-Defense Officer wanted to let unmanned
weaponry become a technology only the Self-Defense Forces own,
didn’t he?”

“Ya, Kiku-san did say this before, that although having sole
ownership of this technology for a long time is impossible, he
understands it will not be exclusively for this purpose so we can think
of how to take the lead... and that’s how it is.”

The Self-Defense Officer grimaced in regards to Higa’s
straightforward words. At this moment, Asuna, who had been listening
to the trio silently, said with a beautiful yet cold and clear voice,
“You never told the nice ideals of yours to Kirito-kun, did you?”
“...Why would you think so?”

Kikuoka tilted his head, and Asuna stared straight at him with an
unwavering look.

“If you said it to Kirito-kun, he would definitely not assist you.
There is an important flaw in your words.”
“...And that is?”

“The rights of Artificial Intelligence.”

100

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

On hearing those words, Kikuoka twitched his eyebrows and
frowned.

“...No, it’s true that we never said what we said here to Kirito-kun,
but it’s simply because we never had such a chance. He is a staunch
realist too, right? If not, it would have been impossible for him to clear
SAO.”

“You still don’t understand. If it’s Kirito-kun, once he realizes the
true situation of Underworld, he will definitely be furious at the
operator. To him, wherever the place is, it’s reality for him. He would
not think it a virtual world with virtual life... that’s why he cleared SAO.”
“I don’t understand. Artificial Fluctlights don’t have bodies of
flesh. Why do you say those aren’t false lives?”

Asuna’s eyes were sorrowful... no, a tiny glint showed that she felt
the adults in front of her were really pitiful as she slowly continued,

“...Even if I say so, you’ll likely be unable to understand... in a town
on the 56th level of Aincrad, I said the exact same thing you said to him.
There was a boss monster we had to beat no matter what, and in order
to defeat it, we planned to use the NPCs... the villagers controlled by the
AI to fight. But Kirito-kun declared that it should absolutely not be
done, that NPCs were alive and there should be other means. The
people in my guild laughed... but in the end, he was right. Even if
they’re Artificial Fluctlights, copies of media that were mass produced,
Kirito-kun will never help if they’re to be used as tools of wars and
have to kill each other, definitely.”
“—It’s not like I don’t understand what you’re trying to say. It’s
true that Artificial Fluctlights have the same level of thinking ability as
us humans. In that aspect, it’s true that they’re alive. However, this is a

101

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

question of priority. To me, the lives of hundreds of thousands of
Artificial Fluctlights versus the life of one Self-Defense Officer is less.”

This is a debate that would never have an answer. Rinko thought.
As for whether the Artificial Intelligence themselves have human rights
—it would be a question that would never be concluded simply, even if
a real bottom-up AI were released and the years of debate ended.

As for what she herself was thinking, Rinko herself was unclear.
As a scientist, the realism within me states that cloned souls were not
lives. But at the same time, what will that person think? What if it was
that person who hoped for «a certain place that wasn’t here», created it
and never came back—?

Rinko broke the silence in this situation in order to drag her trail
of thoughts back.

“Speaking of which, why is Kirigaya-kun a must in this? There’s a
risk of leaking your most classified information, so why him...?”

“—I see, we’re having this conversation for explanatory purpose.
I went off-topic and nearly forgot about what we were supposed to talk
about.”
Kikuoka looked like he was trying to escape from Asuna’s
extremely magnetic stare as he smiled, coughed, and continued,

“Why is it that the residents of the Underworld can’t disobey the
Taboo Index... is it an issue with the construct of the Light Cube that
contains the Fluctlights, or is there some reason in the nurturing? Let’s
repeat our discussion. If it were the former, there’s a need to discuss
redesigning the medium, and if it were the latter, we might be able to
correct it. Thus, we tried an experiment. One of the technicians, a real
human, had his memories fully blocked and became a young child

102

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

again. We let him grow in the Underworld to see whether his actions
would be similar to the Artificial Fluctlights.”
“Do...doing such a thing, won’t the brains of the test subjects be
affected? If their lives are restarted... won’t they be lacking in
memories?”

“Not at all... the Fluctlights can endure memories of around 150
years, which I did say before, didn’t I? As for why would such a large
margin exists, we have no idea... according to the Bible, people during
Noah’s time could live for hundreds of years, so I suppose we know
what they were talking about. First, even though we talk about
growing up, we’re just letting him grow up to around ten years old,
which will be enough for us to know if we can break through that
Taboo Index. Of course, the memories generated from there will also
be blocked, so when he returns back to reality, he’ll be in the same
state as before entering the STL.”
“...Then, the results...?”

“We recruited eight staff members to be test subjects, let them
dive into Underworld and let them grow up in all sorts of
environments. In the end... the shocking thing was that not a single one
broke the Taboo Index before they were ten. Rather, it was the
opposite of what we thought... they were less lively than Artificial
Fluctlights and did not like to go out. They did not show an interest in
getting to know their surroundings. We deduced that that’s because of
a sense of discomfort.”
“Sense of discomfort?”

“Even if we block all the memories from birth, it doesn’t mean
that we erased them completely. If that happens, they might never be
able to return back to reality. Anyway, it’s not about the «knowledge»,

103

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

but the «instinct» that represents how the body acts, preventing the
researchers from getting used to Underworld. No matter how real it is,
it is no different from virtual worlds created by The Seed. Once they
entered, they could understand that it was slightly different from
moving in reality. It was the same kind of discomfort as mine when I
first used the Nerve Gear to test the closed beta of SAO.”
“It’s because of the sense of gravity.”
Asuna simply said,

“Gravity...?”

“Unlike sight or hearing, part of the research on gravity and
balance was a little late. That’s because most of the signals rely on
gravity to adjust our brains, so those who aren’t used to it can’t move
as they please.”
“Yes, that’s what we are accustomed to.”

Pa-tch, Kikuoka flicked his finger and agreed,

“If we want to repeat all sorts of experiments, the need to get
used to moving inside the virtual world would be a must, and we
finally realized that. It’s not just an experiment of days or months, but
years. I suppose you understand now. I needed the person who’s most
used to the virtual world to help for this reason.”
“—Hold on a moment.”

Asuna again interrupted Kikuoka with a firm voice.

“Are you referring to the «Continuous three days of diving»
Kirito-kun talked about? ...But Kirito-kun said to us before that the
maximum FLA function rate is 3 times, so he spent 10 days inside. Did
you lie to him? Was it really 10 years...?”

104

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Kikuoka and Higa were hit with electrifying stares as they
lowered their heads with alarmed expressions.

“Sorry, about that, it was an error on the Roppongi branch’s side.
That’s because I gave instructions to hide information of the
acceleration rate completely...”

“There’s something worse than that! 10 years of Kirito-kun’s soul
lifespan was used for that. If his treatment fails because of this, I will
definitely not forgive you.”

“It’s not really a reason, but Higa-kun and I had contributed to the
experiment for more than 20 years —however, the 10 years Kirito-kun
spent there was far less than the amount of Fluctlights the staff
members all contributed.”

“In other words, he did something that was against the Taboo
Index when growing up in the Underworld?”

Rinko could not help but interject, and Kikuoka smiled as he
shook his head hard,

“Strictly put, it’s not like that, however, I can say that the results
were more than I expected. From a young age, Kirito-kun displayed an
unseen exuberance of curiosity and activity, that had many times
verged on the edge of breaking the Taboo Index many times —of
course, if his Fluctlight actually ended up breaking the Taboo Index, it
indicates that the Artificial Fluctlights are structurally flawed, which I
wouldn’t be happy about. However, we continued to observe his
actions and after he had spent around seven years or so inside... this
Higa-kun here noticed a fact that’s very interesting.”
Higa interrupted Kikuoka’s words and continued,

105

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Yes, I was originally against Kirigaya-kun taking part in the
experiment, both morally and out of security, and once I realized that
fact, I had to say that I was impressed by Kiku-san’s wise insight. We
digitalized the importance of several clauses in the Taboo Index and
checked on every resident’s chances of breaking the Taboo Index. The
Artificial Fluctlights of the boy and girl who had been interacting with
Kirigaya-kun... -or Kirito-kun, inside there had been increasing their
Taboo Breaking Index.”
“Eh...? That means...”

“In other words, Kirito-kun with his memories and personality in
the real world sealed, was able to affect the actions of the Artificial
Fluctlights around him. To put it in easier terms, his exuberance spread
to others, or something like that.”

Rinko detected that Asuna’s lips was showing a slight smile on
her lips after hearing Higa’s description. Perhaps those words were
easy for Asuna to understand.

“...Right now, as for why the Artificial Fluctlights won’t disobey
the rules, we can’t completely discern the reason. It’s likely due to the
elements used to build the Light Cube, but we already felt that there’s
no need to take the job of analyzing it thoroughly as a priority. To us,
we don’t want to solve the problem completely, we just want one
exception, a real highly adaptive Artificial Intelligence that has a
concept of «Prioritizing Rules», and once we clone it, we should be able
to get some reasons.”
“I don’t really like such thinking... but in the past, breakthroughs
have been made through that method, I suppose?”
Exhaling slightly, Rinko asked Higa,

106

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Then, have you obtained that exception?”

“There is one that landed in our hands. That girl who was the
closest existence to Kirito-kun finally disobeyed the Taboo Index
before the experiment ended, and it was a very severe crime of
«Intruding the Forbidden Zone». After inspecting the records, we
found that there was another Artificial Fluctlight that died in the
forbidden zone the girl saw. Most likely, she wanted to save him, and if
I say so, that girl values other people’s lives more than the Taboo Index.
That’s the adaptability we have been searching for. Well, it was
completely different from actualizing a weapon; «breaking the ethics
and killing someone» is really an ironic thing.”
“...You said it once before, didn’t you?”

“Ah —yes. Unfortunately... we could not hold tight onto the jewel
that landed in our hands...”

Higa lowered his shoulders and continued to shake his head left
and right,

“...As I just said, the time inside Underworld is passing at a
shocking speed of 1,000 times the real world. It’s not possible to
monitor it from the outside in realtime, so we sliced what we recorded
into many segments and slowly replayed them using many of our staff
to watch them. During that though, there would definitely be a large lag
as compared to the time inside. We stopped the server once we found
out that the girl broke the Taboo Index and wanted to physically eject
the Light Cube to preserve her Fluctlight... at that time, around two
days had passed inside. Then, what was shocking was that the Integrity
Church had brought the girl to Central within 2 days and applied some
form of correction to the Fluctlight.”
107

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

“Co...correction? You gave that much authority to the ones you’re
observing?”

“That shouldn’t be the case... or probably not. The residents of the
Underworld have some form of authority to maintain law and order,
and those who are able to carry out the system limit that the high class
residents called «Sacred Arts» are those priests of the Integrity Church,
the ones with the highest authority. Maybe it’s not just lifespan they
can manipulate, but they found a backdoor to the system without us
knowing...well, I’ll read the data for further details later; «Alice»‘s past
and present Taboo Breaking Index.”
“Alice...?”

Asuna suddenly lifted her head and muttered. Rinko started to
understand the meaning of this term as well. It should be the one name
worth mentioning from the acronyms of the «Highly Adaptive Artificial
Intelligence» Kikuoka and Higa were pursuing.

Kikuoka seemed to detect their doubts as he nodded in
agreement and said,

“That’s right. That’s the name of the girl in question who had been
with Kirito-kun and the other boy. The names of all the residents of
Underworld were all randomized pronunciation, so we were really
shocked by this amazing coincidence when we knew that the girl’s
name was Alice. That’s because that’s the name of the concept in the
entire plan this organization RATH has.”
“Concept?”

“the Highly Adaptive Artificial Intelligence Self-Existence,
Artificial Labile Intelligence Cybernetic Existence. If we take the first
letter from each word «A, L, I, C, E»... the aim of our research is to let

108

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the photon clouds sealed within the LightCube become «Alice». The
staff called it «Alice-ing».”

The Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou still showed a smile that
was hard to comprehend even as these secrets were known, and said,
“Welcome, to our «Project Alicization».”

109

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Part 3
—You created so many unreasonable things.
Even though it was a machine made from the data she provided,
Koujiro Rinko could only be as amazed as ever.

The neighboring room that was isolated by the thick glass wall
had two giant rectangular objects that were nearly reaching the ceiling
at the top. The outside was aluminum that was not dyed, and the dark
grey silver glow gave it a much more mechanical feel. It was several
times larger than the high-tech machine Medi-Cuboid that was used for
medical treatment, let alone the Nerve Gear.
Of course, the logo of the manufacturer was there, just the simple
English words «Soul Translator» on the side and the large number on
the top. The machine on the left side had the number 4, while the right
one had 5. I finally get to see the real «Soul Translator» Rinko stared at
it for more than 10 seconds, frowned and muttered,
“4...this is the 4th machine...right, then the 5th machine there...?”

The numbers could only be explained in such a way, but the clean
room on the other side of the glass wall had no such machines here.
She tilted her head slightly and heard the soft explanation from the
right side.

“Experimental model 1 is in the main office in Roppongi and is
connected to the satellite. Models 2 and 3 are in the Ocean Turtle, but
as you can see with the machines here, they’re placed in the lower
shafts. To put it...these latest models 4 and 5 could not be kept there

110

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

due to a lack of space and were sent out of the upper shafts, I should
say.”

The one who spoke was the one who brought Rinko and Asuna
over. It was not Kikuoka, Higa nor Lieutenant Naganishi, nor was it a
man this time. The pure white uniform covered the long and slender
body, her footwear was low-heeled slippers, and her head had a
nurse’s cap—a female guardian.

For some inexplicable reasons, she wondered why there would be
a guardian here in such a place, but after considering that this place
was such a large ship, there would be a medical crew, and there would
be such staff here.

The nurse had hair that was tied in three layers of braids and was
wearing rimless glasses. The tablet terminal in her hand was quickly
tapped and showed to Rinko. What was shown should be the layout
map of the Ocean Turtle. She used her fingertip that had nice trimmed
fingernails to draw on the large ship.

“The central area of the pyramid has a stabilizing pipe that’s 20m
in diameter and 100m tall called the «Main Shaft». This is the pillar that
supports every floor in this ship and also the layer that protects
important facilities. The insides are all the Control Systems of the ship
itself, the backbone of the Alicization plan...the place where the 4 STLs
and the main frame «Light Cube Cluster» is.”

“Fuun...that’s for the upper area, right? Then what about the
lower areas?”

“It’s a construct that’s divided into top and bottom at the central
area. The middle is a wall-like titanium compartment. What’s above it
is the upper shaft, while the bottom is the lower shaft. Right now, we’re
111

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

at the «Second Control Room» in the upper shaft. The staff calls it the
«Sub-Con».”
“I see. So the first place we were brought to, the First Control
room in the lower shaft is the «Main-Con», right?”
“That’s an outstanding answer, Professor Koujiro.”

Rinko gave a wry smile to the nurse who smiled as she said that,
and turned to the left.

The girl who was standing there silently—Yuuki Asuna had her
hands leaning on the glass wall, watching the 4th machine on the other
side intently. To be precise, it was a certain boy who was lying on a bed
and attached to that 4th machine.

There were many monitor electrodes attached under the white
patient gown, and there was a micro-injector attached to the left arm.
The area above the shoulders were all covered by the STL and could
not be seen, but Asuna realized that he was the Kirigaya Kazuto she
had been looking for.

Asuna continued to stare at Kirito without noticing Rinko’s stare,
and her long eyebrows finally closed slightly as she whispered
something silently. Tears welled up in her eyes, and swayed aside
before it landed.

Rinko really wanted to comfort Asuna who was in such a state,
and right before her—

“It’s alright, Asuna-san. Kirigaya-kun will definitely come back.”

The nurse with glasses said that with a slightly surprised tone.
She walked beside Asuna, taking over Rinko who took a step back, and
reached her hand out to the girl’s shoulders. However, Asuna turned

112

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

113

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

her body suddenly as if to dodge them and used her fingertips to wipe
away her tears, answering with a taunting tone for some reason,
“Of course. But...why are you here, Aki-san?”

“Eh...? Both of you know each other?”

Rinko asked in a very puzzled manner, and Asuna nodded slightly,

“Un. This Aki-san here is a nurse working at the Chiyoda Hospital.
As for why this person is at the waters off Izu Islands, I don’t know.”
“Of course, I’m here to take care of Kirigaya-kun.”

“Then, what’s your occupation? Or is it like Kikuoka-san? Are you
also disguised as a nurse?”

The nurse called Aki never showed any signs of fear as she took
Asuna’s intense stare, and showed slight smile as she gently put down
her shoulders.

“How can that be? I’m not like that oji-sama, I’m a real nurse. I do
have national qualifications too. However, the school I graduated from
was the «Tokyo Self-Defense Senior Nurse Academy».”
“...I can believe it somewhat.”

Asuna nodded somewhat, and Rinko continued without any care.
“Well, I don’t understand at all...who is this Aki-san in the end?”

“A real nurse, I suppose, but that’s not all.”

Asuna turned to face Rinko again and said fluently,

“If she’s a nurse who graduated from the Nursing Academy that’s
affiliated to the Self-Defense Forces, she technically should be working
in the Self-Defense Forces’ Hospital. However, Aki-san was a nurse at

114

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

the Chiyoda Hospital during the SAO incident, which means that this
was Kikuoka-san doing...am I right?”
“That’s an outstanding answer, Asuna-san.”

Nurse Aki repeated what she said to Rinko as she smiled. Asuna
continued to stare at the tall and skinny nurse before quipping,

“Also, there’s also one more thing. I read through the data that
those who enroll in Self-Defense Forces’ Nursing Academy would be
treated the same as recruits entering the army under the academy’s
promotion guidance. In that case, Aki-san is a nurse and also...”

Don’t tell everyone. Nurse Aki said as she used her right hand to
cover Asuna’s mouth. She raised her hand to her head, bsh, got into a
standard salute—
“PETTY OFFICER SECOND CLASS AKI NATSUMI! I SHALL
PERSONALLY TAKE CARE OF KIRIGAYA-KUN’S LIFE!...there.”

The nurse and Self-Defense Officer gave a final decisive wink, and
Asuna stared at her face in a half-doubtful manner before sighing and
lowering her head slightly, saying,
“Please take care of me.”

She then again turned to look at the 4th STL machine that was
separated from her by the glass wall, giving a strong yearning look at
the boy that was lying on the gel bed that was 3m long,
“...You definitely must come back, Kirito-kun.”

She muttered as each tear dripped, and Nurse Aki nodded heavily,
this time putting her left hand on Asuna’s shoulders.

“Of course. Even if this is the case, Kirito-kun’s Fluctlight is
actively working in the treatment process. The neural network has

115

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

successfully regrown, and he should soon wake up. Also...that boy is
the «hero» who cleared SAO, right?”

These words left a sharp pain in Rinko’s chest. She took a deep
breath, swallowed it, stood beside Asuna and stared at the large
machine through the glass.
8pm.

Rinko lifted her head from the watch in her left hand and raised
her right hand in a determined manner as she pressed on the metallic
button that had the ‘call’ word engraved on it. Several seconds later,
the speaker installed beside the door gave a simple answer,
“...Yes.”

“It’s me, Koujiro. Can I say some things to you for a moment?”
“Of course, I’m opening the door now.”

As the voice rang, the internal phone panel’s indicator changed
from red to green, and with the sound of a motor, the door slid open.

Rinko entered the room, and Asuna, who was standing beside the
bed, nodded slightly as she controlled the master control remote in her
right hand. The door behind her shut, and a small locking sound could
be heard.
The cabin was of a completely identical design to Rinko’s room
that was opposite the passageway. The space that was of 6 tatamis was
formed by off-white resin, and there were only a fixed bed, and table, a
sofa and a small terminal that could access the ship’s network.
Lieutenant Naganishi, who led both of them here, said ‘this is a first
class cabin’. Rinko could not help but imagine the luxurious passenger

116

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

cabin of those cruisers, but it seemed that a personal room equipped
with a personal bathroom was already a first class room.

However, Asuna’s room was different from Rinko’s room as there
was a long and narrow window on the other side of the bed. In other
words, this would be the outermost area of the Ocean Turtle, the area
that was linked to the generator panel level. She deliberately took the
elevator up to enjoy the beautiful ocean sunset from the window, but
right now, only a pitch black darkness spread around, and
unfortunately, the cloudy sky meant that stars could not be seen at all.
“Please do as you please. I don’t mind.”

Asuna said. Rinko placed the plastic-bottle of Oolong Tea she
bought from the vending machine at the corner of the elevator onto the
table before sitting down on the hard sofa. ‘Hold on’ she uttered
accidentally before shutting up immediately. She herself was still
young, but after seeing Asuna’s glamorous beauty in a T-shirt and short
pants, she finally realized that her voice was nearly 30 years old.
“Drink if you want to.”

Asuna took up a bottle as she smiled and lowered her head,

“Thank you very much. I was just feeling thirsty.”
“Have you tried the dispenser’s water?”

Asuna gave a teasing smile as she heard that and rolled her eyes.
“The canal waters in Tokyo might taste better.”

“Well, it seems to be purified seawater. I suppose there won’t be
any trihalomethanes mixed in. Unexpectedly, it might be more
nutritious than the desalinated water those companies sell.”
117

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

She took off the cap of the Oolong Tea and took a large gulp of the
icy cold liquid. She really wanted to drink beer, but gave up as she
would have to head to the cafeteria in the lower shaft to buy it.
Exhaling hard, Rinko stared at Asuna again.

“...It’s a pity that you couldn’t see Kirigaya-kun.”

“But I feel really motivated for some reason, so happy that I was
dreaming.”

Asuna smiled, and one could see that the threads of anxiety that
were clinging on her had snapped.

“Such a troublesome boyfriend; suddenly disappearing to the
middle of a Southern sea like this. You better leash him up with a rope
around his neck.”
Asuna kept her smile once she realized that it was seen, and
lowered her head deeply.

“I really, really want to thank you, Koujiro-sensei, for accepting
such an unreasonable request...I really don’t know how to thank you.”
“No need for that. Just call me Rinko...also, this alone has not
lightened my guilt to you and Kirigaya-kun at all.”

Rinko shook her head, made up her mind, and continued to stare
at Asuna,

“...I have something I have to say to you. Un, it’s not just to
you...but also to all the players of the old SAO...”
“...”

Rinko tried her best to accept this as she continued to stare at
Asuna’s eyes. She took a large deep breath and exhaled it, removing

118

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

two buttons on her cotton shirt. She opened her collar out wide, took
out a thin silver necklace, showing a scar slightly to the left of her
sternum.
“Do you know anything...regarding this scar...?”

Asuna continued to stare right above Rinko’s heart, and finally
nodded slightly in agreement.

“Yes. That is the place the long-distanced micro-bomb was buried
into. So sensei...Rinko-san was threatened by the Guild Leader...Kayaba
Akihiko for two years.”
“That’s right...I was forced to take part in that terrifying plan and
take care of that person’s body as he dived in for a long time...—to the
world, that would be the case. That was why I wasn’t sued, my name
was not disclosed, and I escaped to America on my own...”

Rinko put her shirt and her necklace back on and continued to try
her best as she said,

“But that’s not the truth. It’s true that the bomb was taken out at
the police hospital, and there was a chance of it being triggered, but I
knew that it would definitely not explode—it was just a cover. Once the
incident ended, I never pursued matters further as the fake weapon
that person buried was the only gift he gave to me.
Even after hearing that, Asuna’s expression never showed any
change. The pure, clear eyes that seemed as if they could see through
her inner heart continued to stare at Rinko intently.

“—Kayaba-kun and I started dating during the year I entered
university, and including the time we spent in our further studies, we
were lovers for 6 years...but I was the only one who thought that way. I
am definitely older than you, but I’m far more stupid than you since I

119

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

could not see Kayaba-kun’s heart at all. What he wanted was simply
one thing, and I didn’t detect it at all.”

As she looked out at the vast endless ocean in the night, Rinko
started talking about the 4 years-worth of words she wanted to say
little by little. She unexpectedly said the name which would normally
cause a sharp pain in her head the moment she started thinking about
it successfully.
During the time she enrolled in the famous Industrial University
in Japan, Kayaba Akihiko was already the head of the 3rd developing
branch in Argus Corporation. Kayaba signed a licensed agreement in
high school as a game programmer, and Argus rose from a weak 3rd
rate maker to a top game maker worldwide, so it was not inexplicable
for him to be granted a management position after he entered
university.

It was said that Kayaba had an annual salary of more than 100
million when he was 18, and after including the license fees, it would
reach a shocking level. Naturally, numerous girls in the campus
approached him in all sorts of ways, but there were many who backed
away after receiving his colder-than-ice stares as he was completely
uninterested.

Therefore, Rinko could not understand why Kayaba never
rejected her, a year younger and not outstanding. Perhaps it was
because she had never heard of him before that? Maybe it was because
she had such a sharp brain that she was allowed to enter and exit the
Shigemura lab? One thing that was certain was that he was not
attracted by her looks.
120

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

The first impression Rinko had of Kayaba when she hugged him
was that he was a malnourished beansprout. The usual pale face, the
crumpled white clothes on him, the inspection device that was always
on him like a necessity; she remembered the incidents clearly as if it
was yesterday, about how he dragged her to Shounan on a rented light
car.
“If you don’t occasionally come out to sunbathe, the idea of
coming out will not appear!”

Rinko told him off in a completely unexpected manner, and
Kayaba, who was in the passenger seat, looked surprised as he stared
back. Eventually after some time, you will not think of sensing the
emulation of natural light on your skin. he finally said, causing Rinko to
be thoroughly shocked.
A while later, she realized the other side to the fame that came to
the young Kayaba; so one could say that there was no effective way to
change him socially. He was always a malnourished beansprout, and
whenever she went to his room, she would chide him and make him
eat some of her native cuisines.

That person never rejected me. Maybe he was trying to ask me for
help, but I didn’t realize it, perhaps? Rinko asked herself that for god
knew how many times, but she never got an answer. The man Kayaba
Akihiko never relied on anyone other than himself until the end. He
wanted only one thing, «a world that was not here», he wanted to head
toward a door that was forbidden to humans who were not gods.
Many times, Kayaba had talked about the giant castle floating in
mid-air that appeared in his dreams. That castle was made of multiple
levels, and each level had streets, forests and grasslands reaching out

121

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

throughout the place. One would have to use the long stairs at the side,
and the sky had a dreamlike beautiful palace—
“Is there anyone there?”

The moment Rinko asked this, Kayaba smiled and answered, I
don’t know.

—When I was very young, I always dreamed of heading to that
castle every night. Every night, I would climb up the steps one by one and
head towards the sky. But one certain day, I couldn’t reach that castle
again in my dream. I almost forgot that useless dream.
However, the day after Rinko handed in her Bachelor’s Thesis, he
went on a trip to the castle in the sky and never came back. He merely
used his hands to turn the floating castle into reality, took 10,000
players away, and left Rinko alone on the ground—
“I knew about the SAO incident through the news and saw
Kayaba-kun’s name and photo. I could not believe it, but once I took the
car to his mansion, I realized that it was true when I saw many patrol
cars parked there.”
Rinko felt the slight aching in her voice that hadn’t happened for a
long time, and continued on in an interrupted manner,

“That person never said a single word to me until the end. It was
the same when he started his journey. He never sent a single mail to
me. Un...I was really a big idiot. I helped in the basic design of the Nerve
Gear as well, and I knew that he was making games in Argus. However,
I never detected what he was thinking of at all...when Kayaba-kun

122

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

disappeared without a trace, I ran around Japan looking for him. I
managed to think of it successfully. It was something weird I thought
about; in the past, there was a marker in the mountains of Nagano in
his car navigation log. My instincts told me that it was there. If I had
told the police about that place, the SAO incident might have headed
down a different path...”

Perhaps if the police had entered that mountain villa, Kayaba
might have killed all the players like he had declared. However, he
himself said that he wouldn’t allow it. Rinko thought.

“—I avoided police surveillance and went to Nagano alone. I
spent 3 days searching for the mountain villa through my memories,
and before I knew it, I was completely covered in mud...however, I
worked so hard not to become his accomplice. I...wanted to kill Kayabakun.”
And just like the first time they met, Kayaba never showed a
single doubt on his face when he welcomed Rinko. She could not forget
the heavy and icy feeling of the knife she held behind her.
“But...I’m sorry, Asuna-san. I couldn’t kill him.”

She could not restrain her voice from trembling, however, as she
merely tried to hold back her tears.

“I definitely couldn’t not lie about that incident again. Kayaba-kun
knew that I had a knife and merely said ‘such a troublesome person’
like usual , put on the Nerve Gear again and returned to Aincrad.
During that long dive, he never cared about the long beard that grew
on him, and there were many bits of stuff on his arms. I...I just...”

Rinko could not say anything again as she continued to adjust her
breathing.

123

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

Finally, she calmed down. Asuna said,

“Kirito-kun and I never blamed you, Rinko-san.”

The girl who was 10 years younger suddenly lifted her head,
showing a vague smile as she stared at Rinko.

“...About that...I might not be the same as Kirito-kun, but I do hate
the guild leader...Kayaba Akihiko a lot, and I haven’t settled things with
him.”
Rinko remembered that Asuna belonged to the guild Kayaba
created in that world.

“It’s true that the incident caused the death of 4,000 people. If I
imagined...how much despair and fear they had when they died, I
definitely can’t forgive the guild leader’s crime. However...it’s a selfish
way of putting it, but it’s likely that during the short time I lived in that
world with Kirito-kun, that might be the best memory in my life at this
point.”

Asuna moved her left hand and made a move, looking like she
was about to hold onto something near her waist.

“And just as the guild leader is guilty, I am guilty, Kirito-kun is
guilty, and you are guilty too, Rinko-san... However, I feel that nobody
can compensate for it with their punishment. Most likely, we might
never see that day of redemption, but even so, we have to continue to
face our guilt.”

That night, Rinko dreamt of a long-forgotten time—her time as a
student, when she did not know anything.
124

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

The light sleeper Kayaba would always wake up earlier than
Rinko, drinking coffee and reading the newspapers. Rinko would
always wake up when the sun rose completely, and he would smile
wryly like he was treating a sleepy child, and would say, good morning.
this.”

“Really, you’re such a troublesome person, coming to a place like

The heavy voice caused Rinko to widen her eyes slightly. She
realised that there was a long and tall figure in the midst of the
darkness.
“It’s still night...”

Rinko again closed her eyes as she smiled and muttered. The air
flowed slightly, and the hard footsteps moved away. Then, she heard
the sound of the door opening and closing.

She was about to again enter a deep sleep, but right before that—
“—!!”

Rinko gave a deep sigh as she got up. The comfortable feeling
immediately vanished, and her heart was wailing loudly like an alarm
clock wailing. She could not tell which was dreamland or reality for a
moment. She searched around for the remote and switched the lights
in the room on.

There was no one in the windowless cabin. However, Rinko felt
that there was the faint remaining odor of someone floating in the air.
125

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 2 – Project Alicization

She got up from the bed and walked towards the door barefooted.
She anxiously pressed the operation panel, unlocked the door and
walked onto the passage through the gaps as the door slid open.

There was no one in the inside passage that was lit by faint
orange lights, whether it was left, right or anywhere she could see.
A dream...?

She thought so, but there was that ringing voice of that software
deep inside her ear. Rinko subconsciously held the rocket pendant that
she always had with her.

What was inside it, that was welded and could not be opened
again, was the miniature bomb that was sealed right above Rinko’s
heart. The pendant seemed to give off its own heat as it scalded her
palm.

126

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Chapter 3 - Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

127

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Part 1
—Such inexplicable boys.

Looking down at the innocent sleeping faces from the high beam
above, it made such a thought unwittingly.

Two boys were using the very sturdy dried straw piled up in the
very old warehouse as beds, sleeping soundly. Appearance wise, they
did not look too weird. The boy, who was lying horizontally as he slept,
had flaxen colored hair, and his eyes that were shut now were deep
green in color. Either way, it should be a color that could be seen
everywhere in the area NNM... «Norlangarth Northern Middle». The
height and physique were all within the average for boys at this age.

In contrast, the boy lying on the left with his limbs spread open
had pitch black hair and eyes, and that was a rare sight. The chances of
seeing dark colors was more common in the East area and the South,
and the chances of giving birth to a child with black eyes and hair in the
Northern region was rather rare, even though one could not say that
there was no chance at all. As the entire population of the Human
Empire had grown to such an extent, it may be possible for such an
instance to occur. His physique was identical to the boy beside him, as
if they were twins.

163 days ago, it was ordered by the «Master» to directly observe
the duo. It arrived all the way here from Central Centoria, and was
somewhat disappointed. Whether it was appearance or verbalism, they

128

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

were not much different from those of the same area and age, but it felt
that their planning and ability to avoid danger under dangerous
circumstances were below average.
It had been half a year since it followed the duo, taking care not to
be noticed.

The rainy season passed, and just when the summer was about to
pass, it gradually understood why the «Master» fancied those two.

The lack of planning and abiding the rules was merely a display of
inquisitiveness and seeking. Also, the black haired boy’s imagination
and mobility was shocking even to him, who had lived in this world for
more than 200 years. Ever since it started watching them, there were
many times where it was worried that the boy would break the Taboo
Index.

On thinking through it carefully— that should not be the case. He
probably should not be able to do such things. He did things similar to
what [it] who the «Master» viewed as an archenemy did, destroying
the permanent boundaries scattered all over the world in several days...
At this moment, the black-haired boy who was sleeping started
moving his limbs as if he saw something. The shirt that acted as
pajamas flipped up, and one could only sigh at the sight of him starting
to move again without caring that his navel was exposed.

Summer was over, and the night wind was rather cold in this area
that could be considered the northern Norlandgarth area. There were
many openings in this warehouse, and if he continued to sleep on the
straw bed with his navel exposed, the chances of his «Life» getting a
slight illness would be very high. The next day— Human World
Calendar 378, August 28th could be said to be the biggest hurdle in
their journey up till now.

129

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

They should have earned enough money by working in this farm
for an entire summer, and though it wanted to tell them many times to
at least sleep in an inn in the town, it could not interact with them
directly. As it felt anxious observing them, both of them continued to
sleep in such a simple warehouse—
And in the end, it ended up like this.

...It can’t be helped. If I interfere like this, «Master» will forgive me,
definitely.
It stood on the high beam and waved its right hand. A spell was
muttered, the fingertip let out a green light, forming a ray of «Wind
Element».

It cautiously let the «Wind Element» fall beside the black-haired
boy, 30 cen towards the dry straw, and steadily «released» it.

A slight breeze was created, whirling up a pile of straw that
slowly covered the boy’s exposed navel. It was not reliable as a blanket,
but it should be enough to cover the cold air blowing through the gaps.

It put its hand down and continued to stare at the two boys who
did not notice what was going on before starting to consider what to
do next.

The Life was permanently frozen, and the magic caster that was a
«Master» had been taking similar missions for almost 200 years.
However, it never had any memories of being interested in the
observed parties. However, it should be a function that was without
«emotion». This body was not that of a human... Or rather, not a main
Human Unit in this «Underworld».
Even if it could have predicted that the boy would get a cold right
before this important trial, the problem was why it did not ignore this,

130

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

but used a spell to interfere. Or rather, if his body collapsed, if the spell
failed, its long mission to observe would be over, and it could return
back to the corner of that large library it missed...

In other words... instead of going home, would its journey with
the duo end just like this?

Impossible. This is too illogical. It’s like I’m influenced by both of
their irregular movement.

I can’t continue to think. This isn’t part of the mission. All I need is
to do is to follow and observe both of them. I have to observe these two
people— the flaxen-haired boy Eugeo and the black-haired boy Kirito,
move to their destination.
It curled its body back to 5 mil and leaped off the beam. It would
not exhaust Life with such a small body, and it would not need to use
spells. It landed like settling straw, and silently moved its slender legs
to their usual position— the somewhat long black hair of the boy called
Kirito.
It fastened its body on the numerous hair strands that were of the
same color as it, and for some reason, chided itself for its small body.
The peacefulness, comfort, assurance; amidst all these, there was
some sort of intense emotions amongst them all... And it could not
think of why it was feeling this way.
—Such inexplicable boys.

It again had this thought, closed its eyes, and went into a light
sleep.

131

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Part 2
The next day was the last day of August, and the morning was
extremely clear.

Kirito stretched his back and opened his eyes. He looked rather
shocked as he grabbed a pile of straw that was lying on him, but he
immediately sat up at a very fast speed. He shook his head to wake
himself up, and the observer that was hiding in his hair reached its
arms and legs out.

It moved near the bottom of the strands of black hair and moves
towards the fringe of his hair. This was its designated spot for
observation in the door. As Kirito would occasionally scratch his head,
it would have to be careful. A frozen Life merely meant that it would
not decrease naturally due to old age, and Life would be used up when
the body got damaged. However, the maximum value of its Life was a
lot larger than humans, and even after shrinking, its toughness was
nearly preserved fully, so those sudden hits or whatsoever were still
bearable.

Kirito did not detect the malt-grain sized observer that was
hiding in his hair and slid off the pile of straw. He put his hand on the
shoulder of his sleeping partner.
“Oi Eugeo. Wake up. It’s morning.”

The somewhat violent shaking caused the boy’s eyebrows that
were of the same color as his hair to jerk slightly while he opened his
eyes a crack wide. The green eyes were dazed for a short moment, but

132

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

after blinking hard a few times, he seemed to grimace as he narrowed
his eyes.
“...Morning, Kirito. You’re still the same as usual, waking up so
early daily.”

“It should be the other way around. I say. Wake up, wake up! We
have to finish what we have to do in the morning; let’s have a «style»
training before we have breakfast. I still don’t understand the 7th
«Style» somewhat.”

“That’s why I had been saying to practice your «styles» besides
just carrying out mock battles... I really can’t believe you, trying to pull
an all-nighter on the morning of the tournament... No, it’s a little weird
to say that in the morning. Well...”
“Forget about pulling an all-morning or all-nighter or something,
we only have this one time.”

Kirito said some vague words as he forcefully dragged Eugeo,
carried the straw he used as a bed for several seconds and moved it to
the large wooden barrel at the wall. He raised the wooden barrel that
was filled with straw and headed towards the exit.

The moment he walked out of the warehouse, the light of the
recently dawned sun entered his eyes. The observer backed itself away
and hid itself in the hut of black hair. Perhaps it was a little too used to
the dark corner of the large library as it did not seem to be too
receptive to the sunlight. However, Kirito happily took a breath of
morning air and said this to no one in particular.
“The morning air’s so cooling. It’s great that I didn’t get a cold on
such a crucial day.”

133

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

And you have the nerve to say so. I won’t help you if you sleep with
your navel exposed. The observer could not help but exclaim in its heart,
and Eugeo, who moved behind Kirito, said,
“We’re going to get sick of sleeping on the warehouse straw
sooner or later. How about we spend our lodging fees to sleep in the
main house starting tomorrow?”
“Nope, there’s no need.”

Kirito grinned —of course, it was impossible to see the face of the
owner from the base of the scalp, but one could deduce that it was a
mischievous grin— as he simply said,
“Because, starting tonight, we’re going to live in the Zakkaria
Barracks.”

“...Please tell me where that confidence of yours came from.
Seriously...”

Yare yare. Eugeo shook his head as he carried a large barrel that
was filled with straw, just as Kirito did. Both of them looked rather
relaxed, but the weight of this 1-mel diameter sturdy wooden barrel
would be pretty shocking even if it were filled fully with straw. An
ordinary young man of similar age would probably take only a
maximum of 20 steps while carrying this barrel.

As for why the two skinny looking people were not sweating, the
reason was that their «Object Control Authority» were ridiculously
high. They could both wield that longsword that was lying at the wall
of the warehouse— the Class 45 «Divine Instrument» level object,
nearly at will.
Then, why would these two seemingly ordinary looking young
men, who lived in the countryside, have such great Authority? It had

134

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

been half a year since it started observing them, and it still did not
understand. However, it could at least say that ordinary training or
matches up till now alone would not be able to give that value. It would
be possible if they were to fight high class wild monsters, but the
monsters that were allocated around the village should have been
hunted till near extinction. More importantly, those two did not have
«Hunter» as their Sacred Task, and if they hunted more wild monsters
than what was permitted, they would have broken two clauses on the
Taboo Index. If the highly active and energetic Kirito could not do it, it
would be impossible to talk about the loyal and honest Eugeo—
There was one possibility left; that they defeated an enemy that
would grant an increase in Authority even wild monsters could not
match... an «Intruder from the Dark Territory». But on the other hand,
this was something that could not be done. Both of them were not
guards, and it would be impossible for them to face the Dark Army.
Also, the Dark knights who would regularly arrive, the goblin scouts
should have been sent packing by the Integrity Knights that were sent
over from the Capital Centoria to the Mountain Range at the Edge.

If there was an unexpected «invasion» near Kirito’s village... there
would be a greater concern as compared to their abnormal growth.
That may become a foreboding. That may become a «Prophesized
Moment» that was to come one day, yet was thought to happen much
later...

As it hid itself in the black hair and pondered about these, both
young men had moved the barrels that were filled with straw to the
stables beside the warehouse. They filled up the feed buckets of the ten
horses fully and took brushes to groom the horses’ bodies while they
started feeding. This job would be the first thing Kirito and Eugeo had
135

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

to do in the morning as they live temporary in the «Wilde Farm» on the
outskirts of Zakkaria.
After working for a mere 5 months and more, the technique both
of them showed in using the comb would make one mistake them for
having the Sacred Task «Horse Feeding». Both of them finished
grooming the last horse, and all the horses had finished feeding. Then,
the 7 o’clock chime came from the Zakkaria Church that was 3 kilolu
away. The «Bell of Time-Telling» the Axiom Church built in every
village and city could be heard clearly within a radius of 10 kilolu as
the sound would not weaken at all, but it would be hard to hear from
outside this range. This would be a psychological thought to make sure
a Human Unit would not think of moving too far, but it did not seem to
be effective on Kirito’s group at all.
Both of them used a pail of water to wash their hands and hung
the horse brushes on the nail on the pillar. They used their right hands
to grab onto the empty barrels, and left the stable. At this moment, an
energetic greeting could be heard, seemingly awaiting the duo.
““Good morning, Kirito, Eugeo!”“

The owners of the voices overlapped each other completely. They
were the 9-year-old twin daughters of the farm owner—Telin and
Telulu. Their hair and eyes were reddish-brown, and their shirts and
skirt colors were completely identical. The only way to distinguish
between them would be the colors of the ribbons on their ponytails.
When they introduced themselves, the one with the red ribbon was
Telin, and the blue one was Telulu. However, the two mischievous girls
would often change their ribbons to make Kirito and Eugeo misidentify
them.
“Good morning, Teli...”

136

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Eugeo was about to answer the greeting as per usual, but Kirito
stopped him from behind.
“Hold on! It seems a little weird here...”

The girls who heard these looked at each other, and then started
laughing,
“Then, what’s wrong?” “Is it your imagination?”

Their voices, their mischievous faces, the number and locations of
the freckles on their faces were completely identical. Kirito and Eugeo
pondered as they mumbled, looking back and forth.

As for why a Human Unit would have twins... or even the extremely
rare triplets, even «Master» could not understand completely. After
several consecutive cases of Units dying happened in the surrounding
areas, the number of twins born increased. These are probably part of
the human population adjustment system, and if that were really the
case, there would not be a need to make everything the same. However,
there were no flaws or strengths that could be used to determine
between them.
—Even so, the «Observer» would only see the Unit’s Status
Window that would be indicated normally...in their terms, it would be
the «Stacia Window», so it would be easy to see through the twins’
switching their ribbons. In other words, Kirito’s instinct was correct.
Believe in your own instincts. The observer who was lying at the
root of the black hair muttered. Kirito did not hear this voice, but he
raised his left hand to point at the girl with the red ribbon first.
“Good morning, Telulu!”

Then, he pointed at the girl with the blue ribbon.

137

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“Good morning, Telin!”

The moment he finished, the twins stared at each other and
exclaimed, “You got it!” They moved their hands that were hidden
behind them up till now to the front, each holding a rectangular rattan
basket.
“Here’s your reward for guessing it correctly. Breakfast’s
Mulberry pie, you know!”

“We were very enthusiastic in picking the mulberries, you know!
We spent a day picking them so that both of you can win in the
tournament today!”
“Oh. I’m happy. Thank you, Telulu, Telin.”

Kirito put the wooden barrel beside his feet and reached his
hands out to pat the two girls on the head. The twins showed smiles as
they stared at Eugeo with a slightly worried expression.
“...Are you unhappy, Eugeo?”

“Don’t tell me you hate mulberries?”

Immediately, the boy with the flaxen-colored hair hurriedly
waved his hands.

“No, it’s not that. I like it too! ...It’s just that I thought of something
in the past. Thank you.”

On hearing that, the twins showed a smile of relief and ran off to
the round table placed between the stables and the rangeland. Kirito
looked away from the girls who were preparing breakfast with crisp
movements as he walked to Eugeo and patted him on the back.

138

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“We have to win the tournament today and quickly rise to the top
ranks in the army so that we can go to Centoria next year... To Alice.
Right, Eugeo?”
Eugeo nodded hard at this soft but powerful voice.

“Yeah, that’s right. The five months I’ve spent learning the
«Aincrad-Style» from you was for this goal, Kirito.”

This was a one-lined conversation, but there were many
significant messages in them.

Amongst these messages, there was a term the observer, who had
lived for more than 200 years as a caster, had not heard of— That
inconceivable sword style name.
And also, there was the ultimate goal of the duo— The Unit called
«Alice».

If the Alice mentioned here would be the same Unit as the Alice
that existed in its memories... These two’s wishes would be so distant
and vague.

That was because she was in a very, very high place in the
«Centoria Cathedral» located in central Centoria...
“Kirito! Eugeo! What are you two doing!”

“Hurry up! Or else Telin and I are going to finish breakfast!”

The twins who finished their preparations exclaimed, and Kirito
hurriedly pushed Eugeo’s back as he ran over.

This jerking interrupted the observer’s thoughts and caused it to
snap back to reality. For the past 5 months, it had been reminding itself
many times that thinking was not the job of an observer. But it always
139

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

found itself thinking in the end... No, it was worried about the future of
these two.
It clung hard onto the black hair strand and sighed for the
umpteenth time today.

After a noisy breakfast, the twins left them with the words, “We’ll
cheer for you!” and left.

They set the ten horses into the rangeland and cleared the stables.
Normally, they would use a wooden sword to start practicing, but it
was different today. The duo washed their bodies and hair beside the
well —at this moment, the observer would leave Kirito’s head and hide
in the treetop nearby— and they changed out from their work-clothes
into their own clothing. They then headed to the main farmhouse not
too far away.
The wife of the farm owner, Toriza Wilde had a very
straightforward personality as a female owner of the farm. That was
probably why she heartily hired the two of them who looked a little
weird. It was the same today as she encouraged Kirito and Eugeo, who
came to greet her, with a hearty voice and prepared their lunch boxes.
As she sent them off, she quipped, “If you fail, forget about being
soldiers in this town. Be Telin and Telulu’s husbands!”, and this
statement caused the two young men to show very complicated smiles.
They left the main house and walked down 3 kilolu on the path
leading to the city. Both of them basically never talked to each other,
and such a situation itself had never happened before. Most likely, it
was due to nervousness. Every year, on the 28th of August, the town of
Zakkaria would hold the «Norlangarth North area Swordsmanship
competition», and there would be people from more than 50

140

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

surrounding towns or villages taking part. Basically, all the participants
would either be people with the Sacred Task «Guard», and Kirito and
Eugeo would be the only ones without such a role.

There would only be two people who could join the Zakkaria
army forces, one from the east and west block respectively, and both of
them must not fail if they wanted to fulfill their dream, which would be
the greatest hurdle for them. However, the problem would be what
would happen if both of them were assigned to the same block, and the
two young men probably did not consider this at all—
As they continued to let their thoughts run wild, the cracking
sound of a Smoke grass, *BON*, could be heard.

It poked its head out from Kirito’s front scalp, and saw the streets
that were on the other side of the short hill, made from reddish-brown
sandstone. This would be the largest town in the NNM area, Zakkaria.
At this point, its population was 1950, and it was less than 10% of
Central Centoria, but this day would still be really buzzing in this
largest tournament that occurred every year.
As they walked to the West gate, Eugeo whispered,

“...In fact, if I had not seen it for real, I might really suspect
whether Zakkaria town is real.”
“Why?”

The boy with the flaxen-colored hair smiled as he heard Kirito’s
question,

“That’s because... Basically none of the adults of Rulid Village have
even seen Zakkaria. The ex-guard chief Doyke had the right to take part
in the tournament, but he never exercised it until he retired. I would
never even get the chance to go to Zakkaria or something as the «Gigas

141

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Cedar Cutter». If it were a place where none of us in the village had
went to before, and a place I couldn’t see...”
“So you verified it for yourself.”

Kirito muttered in place of Eugeo, and then smiled as he added on.

“It’s great that Zakkaria does exist. If this town exists, it proves
that Centoria wouldn’t be a lie.”

“Yeah. It’s... really inexplicable. We went on our journey from
Rulid village for the past 5 months, and even though we knew that this
world doesn’t just include that village, it still feels amazing now... It’s
really amazing.”

Though it could understand the words of the boy Eugeo, it felt
that Eugeo’s amazement was really weird. The «Master»‘s caster who
had lived for countless years had seen Centoria and the entire human
world that was 1,500 kilolu. Its information capacity far surpassed all
Human Units except for the «Integrity Knights». However, there were
other unknown areas as well. That would be the other side of the
«Mountain Range at the Edge» that surrounded the human world... The
Dark Territory. There were only a few rumors about how there were
several towns and villages there and how there was even a large pitchblack city there... One of these days, it should have the chance to use its
eyes to prove their existence.
Impossible... These are all baseless imaginations, but if we continue
to observe these two, maybe one of these days—
Most likely, it was thinking about such things.

The sudden unexpected tremor nearly caused it to fly out from
Kirito’s head. It frantically grabbed tightly onto the black hair and
continued to look in front without thinking about anything.

142

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

What entered its eyes was a horse that raised its front legs up.
“Hihihihihi”, it let out a crying-like sound as it looked like it was trying
to shake off the Zakkaria guard that was riding on it. The shaking just
now was probably Kirito bending down, trying to avoid the horse
gallop.

At the West gate of the town 10 Mel away, the horse-riding squad
was located at the stone bridge in front of the moat, and the horse
started to go out of control at the moment Kirito was about to cross it.
“St...Stop, STOP!”

The soldier sitting on the saddle desperately tried to pull the
reins, trying to calm the horse down, but it did not seem to show any
effect. Live animals like horses would require a lot of Control Authority,
but a Unit that had the Sacred Task of a «Guard» should be able to
fulfill this condition.

In that case, there would be very few reasons as to why a horse
would not listen to its rider and go crazy. For example, insufficient feed
or water causing the Life to decrease, or that it sensed a highly
dangerous large wild monster closing in— However, these two
scenarios did not seem probable.

As it continued to deduce, the horse that went berserk started
raising its front legs hand. Kirito, who was right below it as he ducked
to dodge, could not avoid completely. The people passing by, who
realized the strange situation currently happening, all cried out. Even
an adult male’s Life would be reduced by half once he was stomped on
by a horse with such momentum... If it kicked the wrong location, it
would be possible for the Life to deplete completely.
“DAN-DANGER...!”

143

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Someone shouted this, and at this instant, Kirito moved, not
backwards — but forward. He moved by the horse hooves that landed
and went beside it, using his arms to grab onto the horse head tightly,
saying with a sharp tone,
“Eugeo, behind!”

As he said that, the partner had already taken action. While Kirito
was restraining the horse, Eugeo went behind and quickly reached his
right hand out to grab the base of the tail that continued to swing. His
lightning quick fingers took out something from between the browncolored hairs, and at that moment, that berserk horse that was
rampant suddenly became obedient.
Kirito gently patted the nose of that horse that was panting a lot.

“Okay, okay, it’s fine now— Guard-san, please let go of the rope.”

The still very young soldier on the saddle nodded his pale face
and relaxed the tightly leashed rein. At the same time, Kirito moved his
hand away from the head of the horse and took a step back. The horse
then turned around and galloped back to its designated location on the
right side of the stone bridge. The crowd around them let out a sound
of relief.

The observer could not help but sigh in a relieved manner
together with the onlookers as it remained in Kirito’s hair,
subconsciously reaching its arms out to block itself in front. In was to
cast a protective spell to protect Kirito from being kicked by the horse.
No, if Kirito did not take action back then, it might have used it for real.
As an observer, that was something that was not allowed.

144

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

The boy who did not know of a small passenger in his front hair
heave a sigh as he put a hand on his chest, went to his partner, and
whispered,
“...A « Large Marsh Horsefly»?”
“Correct.”

Eugeo muttered back softly and looked around. Once he checked
that the pedestrians who had stopped had started walking and that the
soldier was focusing on his beloved horse, he handed the thing in his
right hand over for Kirito to see.

What was in his hand was a winged insect 4 cen long with red and
black stripes on the abdomen. It looked like a bee, but there was no
poison sting on it. However, there was one sharp protrusion at the
mouth.

Amongst the «harmful insects» that existed to limit the Human
Unit’s movements, this was not a particularly dangerous one as it
would not bring direct harm to humans. Though it could deal very little
damage to the Life through bloodsucking, it would only target horses,
cattle and goats. The reason why the soldier’s beloved horse went
rampant was because it was bitten by the Large Marsh Horsefly in the
butt.
“Feels weird...”

Kirito muttered as he scooped that pest that was killed the
moment it was caught from Eugeo’s hands.
“There shouldn’t be any swamps around nearby, right?”

145

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“Yeah. I was told on the first day we worked at the Wilde farm.
The nearest swamp is near the west forest, and we definitely must not
bring horses there.”

“The west forest is around... 7 kilolu from Zakkaria. It shouldn’t be
possible for a Horsefly that lives near the swamp to fly all the way here.”
In response to Kirito’s question, Eugeo tilted his head slightly, and
quickly said with a somewhat vague tone,

“Even so... It’s still possible for them to slip into some merchants
baggage on the way here, right?”
“...Well, that may be possible.”

As the boys continued to talk, the pest that was between Kirito’s
fingers lost its red color at a very fast speed. The Life of insects were
very low, and «Dead Insects» had even less Life, so it would only
remain as a corpse for about a minute.

Soon, the Large Marsh Horsefly that was dyed light grey let out a
soft voice as it disintegrated like sand, releasing itself from the very
small body as it disappeared.

“Fuu”, Kirito blew his fingers, nonchalantly looked around, and let
out a slight snort.
“Anyway, whether it’s you or me, we’re really lucky that we didn’t
get hurt right before this important tournament. Good thing we were
living with the horses at the farm every day.”

“Ah, yeah. If we join the army, how about we try out being
cavalry?”

146

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“We came all the way here, so don’t say things like ‘if’, Eugeo.
We’ll definitely join the army no matter what kind of obstacles there
are.”

Eugeo stared back at the grinning Kirito with a shocked
expression.

“Obstacles... We have to win in the tournament, so there will be a
lot of opponents.”
“Ah... Yeah, that’s right. What I wanted to say is, don’t let down
your guard right before the tournament. Maybe there might be many
unexpected incidents like what happened just now.”
“Eh, it’s really unexpected for you to be such a cautious person,
Kirito.”

“Of course. I don’t go well with those reckless people who don’t
think through before they act.”
After saying that, Kirito patted Eugeo on the back,

“Alright, let’s go fill our stomachs before the tournament.”

147

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Part 3
Zakkaria was a town that was surrounded by a rectangular wall
from the east to the west.

The dimensions of the town were 900 Mel from North to South
and 1,300 Mel from East to West. The area was approximately 5 times
the size of Rulid village in the north where both of them stayed in. As it
was right in the middle of a prairie, there was no neighboring rivers or
lakes, and their source of water was well water. Thus, this place looked
like it was a rather dry place, but there were a lot more plants here
than the Southern Empire that was full of towns in the desert.

The roads and buildings were basically all made from reddishbrown sandstone, and the residents who came to and fro had redbased clothing as well. Thus, the blue-based colored shirts of the two
boys, who came from the North, were rather eye-catching. Eugeo
lowered his head, seemingly worried about the stares the others
showed, but Kirito did not seem to mind as he looked around at the
shops on both sides of the road.
“Oh, the meat buns this shop’s selling looks delicious... but the
kebab shop sells it cheap for 2 Shears. Ah... Eugeo, which one do you
want to eat?”
Kirito leisurely said so as he turned his head around. He then
realized the attitude his partner showed. His black eyes blinked in a
dazed manner.

148

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“...I say, Eugeo. It’s been the third time in Zakkaria already.
There’s no need to be so tense.”

“Now that you mention it, it really is the third time... But this is
the first time I’m seeing so many people after leaving the village.”

“If you’re saying such things after seeing the people in Zakkaria,
what will happen when you get to Central? Also, there will be hundreds
in the stands at the swordsmanship tournament. Also, Uncle and Aunty
Wilde said that they will bring Telin and Telulu in the afternoon to
cheer us. Don’t let them see you like that.”

Eugeo, who was patted on the back by Kirito, showed a
begrudging expression.

“...I-I understand. It’s only at this moment that I envy your
nonchalant personality, Kirito...”

“You can still say such things with a pale face, Eugeo-kun. Being
‘nonchalant’ is an important trick in Aincrad-style swordsmanship.”
“Eh, re-really?”

“Really, really?”

As both of them continued to talk, they had already finished
walking down the West main road that was approximately 500 Mel
long. A tall building appeared right in front of them. This was the
«Meeting Venue», the largest facility in Zakkaria. The rectangular
shaped plaza that was proportionally smaller as compared to the town
was now surrounded by the spectator stands. It was a multi-purpose
space that was often used for lords’ speeches, concerts and troupe
performances, and of course, it was to be used for the Swordsmanship
tournament today.
149

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

As the viewing was free, there were many citizens gathered here
even when there was almost 2 hours till the opening of the tournament.
To a Human Unit who were strictly restrained by their «Sacred Task»
and the «Taboo Index» and all the other laws, this tournament that
happened once every year would be their only chance of entertainment.
However, the intense atmosphere that came from the arena
seemed to add on to the pressure on the boy Eugeo, and his face that
was already whiter than Kirito immediately went pale.
“...Do, do we really have to fight here...?”

Kirito grabbed the arm of his partner who said that with a hoarse
voice, ignored his emotions and complaints as he dragged him, one
step at a time, to the participant registration window that was located
at the front entrance of the Meeting Venue.

It was possible that most of the participants, who were either
living in this town or were already residents of Zakkaria, should have
finished their registration. A rather old bearded guard was sitting near
the table of this temporary stall. Kirito fearlessly walked to the table
and said loudly.
“Two people. Please register us.”

On hearing that, the guard raised his grey eyebrows, and first
sized up Kirito and Eugeo with a doubtful expression before coughing
lightly, and said,

“The only ones who can take part in the tournament are only
people who have the Sacred Task of a guard from the northern towns
or villagers, or apprentice guards in Zakkaria, or alternatively...”
“This is the «alternate». I say, that.”

150

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Kirito nudged Eugeo on the side, who then hurried reached his
hand into his tunic chest pocket, taking out what was a parchment
envelope, and took a letter.

“Let me see...fm, so it’s a written letter from the village chief of
Rulid village. ‘The two young men who have been entrusted with this
letter have finished their Sacred Task granted by God Stacia. They
wanted to seek a new path, and this is the proof.’ I see.”
At this moment, the middle aged guard stroked his beard.

“In other words, two young brats from the northernmost Rulid
village, who aren’t guards, want to find a new Sacred Task and wanted
to become members of our Zakkaria guards.”
“That’s right.”

Kirito answered back with a fearless smile, and then quipped,

“But we won’t be staying around as guards here. Next time, we’re
going to head to Cen—”

Eugeo knocked him in the flank. He then continued on for his
silent partner with a very quick tone,

“Tha-That’s how it is. Please allow us to register for the next
swordsmanship tournament.”
“Fm. Okay.”

The guard nodded, flipped open the tablecloth and handed a pen
made of red copper.

“Write down your name, your birthplace and your sword school.”
“...Sc-School, is it?”

151

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Eugeo’s hand that was reached out stopped, and Kirito took the
pen from beside. It was not a highly durable parchment paper, but a
common paper script made from white silk grass. It had all sorts of
names in different handwritings, filling up the paper.

The black-haired boy wrote the name Kirito in the common
language in this Human World and his birthplace as Rulid village at the
end. He put the pen down for a short while, and then continued to
write down the name of the school. «Aincrad Style».

It had been five months since the observer had been watching the
two boys, and while there were all kinds of doubts during that time,
the greatest one would be this name. There were approximately 30
sword styles in this world, but this was the first time it heard of the
name Aincrad-style.
Perhaps it’s a style the rebellious Kirito would create himself after
attaining some sword skills. That was what I first thought, but it doesn’t
look that way. This mysterious Aincrad school is different from other
schools; instead of having only one «Secret Style», this might have at
least 10...

As it pondered, Eugeo finished his registration after Kirito —and
of course, the school was the same— and handed the pen back to the
guard. The guard put the pen back, brought the script back to himself,
and again raised his eyebrows.

“Fm. In the past I wielded a sword for a long time, but I never
heard of this school before. Does Rulid have such a school nearby?”

The guard’s question was to be expected. Though there were
more than 50 participants’ names written on the script, half of them
learnt the «Zakkalight Style», , and more than half of them were from
152

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

the «Norgal Style» that was widely spread through the Norlandgarth
Empire. There was no such oddly-named small school.
However, Kirito simply showed a calm expression.
“That’s a school that was recently set up.”

He answered, and the slightly pale looking Eugeo nodded his head
as well. Of course, the guard would not refuse any registration because
of a school, and after nodding ‘I see’, he handed them two bronze plates,
each thinly engraved with the numbers. Kirito got ‘55’, and Eugeo got
‘56’.
“Please head to the participant rest area before 11.30. We are
going to assign participants into east and west blocks through a draw.
At 12, we’ll have the preliminaries, and we will use swordsmanship
performance to reduce each block down to 8 people. You have to do
move 1 to 10 in order, understood?”
After hearing the guard’s question, Eugeo immediately nodded,
and Kirito showed a somewhat doubtful expression as he nodded.

“Alright. Next will be the main show. We’re going to carry out
matches and reduce the number of people from 8 to 4, to 2 and to 1.
That person... the winners from both East and West block, will then be
granted the Sacred Task of being a Zakkaria guard.”

At this moment, both of them nodded at the same time. The
observer that was hiding in Kirito’s hair shook and started thinking the
same thing it had been wondering about several hours ago.

Both their goals were to enter the guards. Thus, both of them
would have to be assigned into the East and West block each, pass the
preliminaries and win in the main tournament. However, if the two of
them were to be drawn into the same block, their plan would have

153

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

failed. In regards to this problem, these two carefree young men should
have some form of plan...

—The answer it got to its doubt was during the time when both of
them finished their registration successfully, went to the plaza nearby,
and divided the meat bun and the kebab.
“...I say, Eugeo... If we’re in the same group, what should we do?”

Kirito, who quickly finished up the meat bun that was divided in
half, asked,
“...What do you say, Kirito?”

Eugeo, who finished the first kebab, answered.

In other words, both of them did not think. It was to be expected,
but the observer felt like its head was going to just drop off. THINK! It
prevented itself from falling victim to the urge of yelling out as it took
its frustrations out by pulling the hair gently. Kirito lifted his right hand,
and the observer hastily moved to the top of the head while he
scratched his forehead hair. Even at this moment, this young man just
said something really optimistic in conclusion,

“Well, things will naturally fall in place. Don’t worry. We’ll
definitely be in different blocks. I did pray to Stacia-sama and Solussama and Te...Tereri...”
“Terraria-sama!”

“Yup, I made my wish to that Terraria-sama.”

“Haa”, the observer that was on Kirito’s head let out a soft sigh
that overlapped with Eugeo’s sigh. It walked back to its original
position and muttered in its heart.
...There’s nothing you can do. But is that alright, young man?

154

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

30 minutes later, right when the bell was about to chime at 11.30,
both of them entered the tournament restroom.
The wide room that was approximately 20 Mel long had 4 sturdy
looking benches on the west half of the room; and the participants
were facing east. There were 4 slightly posh looking chairs placed
there. They were empty at the moment, but there was a guard at the
reception window.

The moment Kirito and Eugeo stepped into this room, they were
stared at by the 54 other participants.

These adult men all looked like they had some amazing skills.
Amongst them, 10 of them were wearing the Zakkaria apprentice
guard uniform. Most of them were young, but the people from the
neighboring towns who were chosen to be guards seemed to be in
their primes. There were also people who had long beards and also
those showing the nerve-wrecking scars on them.

Eugeo straightened his back in shock as he was stared at by these
strong and ferocious participants, but Kirito looked rather calm as he
looked around the room and softly said,
“...Great...”

“Wha-What’s great?”

Kirito brought his face over to Eugeo, who said so with a really
tense voice, and softly answered,
“There are no female participants.”

girl.”

“...I say, Kirito...”

“You’re the same as well. It’ll be hard for you to fight against a
155

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“Tha-That’s true... or rather, I never even thought of such a
possibility before.”

“If possible, I really hope that such a situation will not happen
until we reach that Four Empires Unity Tournament or something.”

“You don’t say. I heard before that the Western Empire has a
knight squadron comprised fully of women.”
“.........Ah!?”

And so, these two started their usual conversation without any
sense of tension and the 54 ferocious participants soon lost their
interest in these two young men, turning their faces that seemed to say
‘these two young men are most likely going to be eliminated in the
preliminaries’ and started checking on their borrowed swords and
adjusting their leather gloves.

Kirito again looked around the rest room, seemed to think of
something, walked away from Eugeo, and headed off to the benches
the participants were sitting on. He moved between the benches and
breathed hard at a very fast speed. One could not tell why he did this at
all.
After looking around for 5 minutes, Kirito finished inspecting all
the participants, and again went back to Eugeo. He brought his mouth
to the ear of his mystified looking partner, and muttered,

“Don’t move your face. Second bench, the young man furthest in,
do you see him?”
Eugeo twitched his eyes slightly as he followed what Kirito told
him to do, and nodded,
“Yeah, that guy in apprentice guard clothing?”

156

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“Be careful if you fight that guy. He might do something.”

After hearing that, the observer, who was as shocked as Eugeo,
probed its head out from the front of Kirito’s hair. There was a young
man with sandy-colored hair that was sagging slightly, and he had a
reddish-brown uniform on him. The age, as seen from the data in the
«Stacia Window», was 18, and his Life value and Object Control
Authority were below average, so there should be nothing worth
taking note of.
“Eh... Is it someone you know?”

Eugeo muttered, and Kirito shook his head.

“Nope, but... You might understand if I express it this way. That
guy’s personality is similar to Jink.”
The Unit called Jink was the current guard captain in the Rulid
Village both of them were born in. To them, he was a petty and
unsociable person.

A Human Unit had to obey many rules and regulations, it would
not mean that they were all friendly. If for example, there were people
like the ones at the Wilde farm who would earnestly treat others, then
there might be people who would look down on others, get in the way
of others or make use of others in ways not stated in the laws. Rulid
Village’s Jink would be like that, and if Kirito’s words were true, that
seemingly harmless apprentice guard would—
“...Someone like Jink. He might try something like applying
Shikami grass juice on my sword or something.”
Eugeo frowned as he muttered, and Kirito tilted his head.
“Well... Won’t that be against the rules?”

157

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

158

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“It won’t reduce the Life of the sword, but it can be used for
polishing it. It will be hard to smell it once it’s applied. I had been
pranked on by him many times when I was young, and couldn’t
concentrate in practice, so I really have to hand it to him.”

“...I see. Then, don’t lose the sword you borrow. Don’t let down
your guard in the match. It’s fine if I get assigned to the same group as
that guy, but...”
“In that case, don’t do anything crazy even if he does something,
Kirito.”
“...I’ll try.”

Kirito calmly chuckled as he nodded and turned around. He went
to the Admission Window, used the registration bronze tablet. This
was a tournament, however metal swords, instead of wooden swords,
were used. Even though the Priority is lower, the power would still be
enough to wear down a human’s Life. Of course, as there was the rule
that they were to fight until they nearly get hit, it would be definitely—
unquestionably impossible to have any bleeding.

Both of them held onto their swords tightly, and 4 men walked in
from an obscure entrance right when they sat down on the front bench.
They were guards who were all dressed in bright red uniforms, and the
bearded guard at the registration counter before was amongst them.
The 40-year-old man who had golden leader epaulets made a
simple greeting, and a young soldier moved a very large box into the
rest room. The leader patted the box, and said,

“In this box, there are small balls of blue and red colors, each
numbered from 1 to 28, 56 altogether. Each of you need to put your
hand into the hole at the top of this box and take out a ball. The red

159

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

color indicates the east block, and the blue indicates the west block.
The performance in each preliminary will be carried out in number
order. If there are no questions, please take a ball each, starting from
the front...”

Before the leader could even finish his words, Kirito immediately
stood up and walked towards the box. Eugeo hurriedly followed, and
soon, the other participants started standing up. *Gatagata*.

It moved from the front of Kirito’s hair to the edge to look, and it
could see a hole that was approximately 10 cen in diameter on the
wooden box. However, it was dark inside, and the observer’s eyes
could only identify the shapes of the ball. At the same time, Kirito
clicked his tongue, and the observer understood his intent on drawing
first. If there were many balls in the box left, it might be possible to see
the color of the upper-most ball through the hole. He was probably
waiting for this moment.

Really, how can he still be so relaxed? He must be a very smart boy,
but unfortunately, he lacks knowledge. In this world, the rule is that
‘normal peeping methods can’t work when it’s done on a ballot box that
can’t be seen from the inside’. He has to have something that can get rid
of this nature of the box— like a spell that creates a ray of light inside the
box or one that can improve eyesight
“What’s wrong, young man? Draw one.”

The leader prompted, and Kirito slowly reached his right hand
into the box. He could only rely on luck for Eugeo and him to be
assigned to different blocks when he could not see the color of the balls,
but—
...I’ll help you out this time.

160

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

The observer muttered in its mind as it suddenly jumped off from
the front hair the moment Kirito reached his right hand into the box. It
used the shadow of the wrist as a cover and leaped through the hole
and into the box.

The hand that was reached into the box grabbed onto the first ball
it touched, and pulled it out. The observer was able to see the color in
the box. Kirito drew a blue colored ball — the west block.

Once it realized this, it adjusted its body size from the smallest 5
mil to 10 cen, 20 times the size; and though much smaller than its
original size, this would be enough. Its arms grabbed onto a wooden
ball and raised it slightly. Of course, the color was red.

Several seconds later, the white arm reached into the box
tentatively, and even without a «window», one could tell that it
belonged to Eugeo. The observer pushed the red ball into the shaking
hand that was moving in a lost manner, completely unlike the decisive
Kirito. The hand jerked in a somewhat shocked manner, but it quickly
grabbed onto the ball and drew it out fast. At the same time, he let out
an “Ehh!”, which sounded really delightful.

It probably took him several seconds to open his hand, and after
that, there was a cry, “Yes, Kirito! It’s red!” After that, both of them
scampered off while seemingly grumbled at by the 3rd participant.
...Really, always creating trouble for people.

It grumbled, shrunk its body, and was about to leave the ballot
box when it suddenly thought of something.

Why is Kirito so worried about that young apprentice guard with
the sand-colored hair? The observer really wanted to know the reason.
Well, then, I’ll let that apprentice fight against Kirito instead of Eugeo.
161

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

I’ll leave for now and come back later, or maybe I should stay inside
for a while then. Anyone who opens the box and look inside will likely be
shocked. I’m only 10 Cen big, but there shouldn’t be any organism that’s
so big in the Human Unit world.
It hid his presence for several minutes. After the umpteenth time,
a seemingly skinny arm reached in, and from the «window», it could
tell that the arm belonged to the apprentice guard. It sent the blue ball
it had prepared into the hand that was searching around in a
psychotic-like manner. He did not suspect anything at all as he pulled
his hand out to check, and the observer heaved a sigh of relief. This
time, it shrank its body down to the smallest possible and onto the arm
of the next person that reached into the box.

It continued to cling tightly onto that person’s arm until it
reached the bench, and then risked itself by scampering on the floor
towards the feet of the boys who were sitting on the innermost side. It
then climbed up their leather boots that had a crack, through the back
of the cyan-colored shirt, and hid inside the black hair. It went back to
the front of the hair and sighed deeply again again.

No matter what, interfering with the draw was against my duty as
an observer. If «Master» knows about this, I might get scolded.

No, I might be able to observe more efficiently by separating Kirito
and Eugeo into different blocks, and I put Kirito and that apprentice
guard into the same block to obtain more information. I’m definitely not
thinking of anything other than that, let alone because of this. Even if—
that apprentice guard has some ill intent, I won’t interfere in his match
with Kirito by using spells. I definitely won’t do such things.

162

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Part 4
The «Bell of Time-Telling» in the Zakkaria Church chimes loudly
at noon in a melody, and the spectators.

In the midst of the clapping and the smoke grass, the 56
tournament participants lined up in two rows, moving from the rest
room to the arena. Eugeo’s row turned to the right towards the stage of
the East block, and Kirito’s row turned left to the West block. The 56
participants lined up near the stages and bowed to the leader of
Zakkaria who was seated on the South block, the VIP seats.
The current leader, Kelgam Zakkalight finished his not-too-long
speech, the anxious spectators let out a short moment of applause, and
the tournament finally began. Even so, this was only the preliminary
selection, taking place so as to first cut the number of people from 28
to 8. The contestants walked up to the East and West block stages one
by one, showing off the designated «Style»

The term ‘style’ would refer to the trajectory of the sword, and of
course, it referred to a series of actions that were strictly designated.
What was demanded was a precision of actions, ferocity and elegance.
To the observer who had witnessed the 5 months of training the boys
went through, leaving aside Eugeo, there was some concern with Kirito.
He had the mysterious «Aincrad-style» he created, but the tournament
stated that the styles should all be from the Zakkalight style, and the
ones grading were the Zakkaria guards and brass of the town. They
were staring at the weird participants with stern glares, and it was
likely that they would not hold back.
163

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

As it continued to watch worriedly as the tournament proceeded
on, Eugeo’s number in the East block was read out. His face was still as
pale as ever, but he still summoned his courage at the crucial moment,
bowed on the stage and did not show any stiffness as he drew his
sword.

Eugeo took approximately 10 seconds per style, 100 seconds
altogether to perform without mistakes, showing some form of dancelike elegance. This was likely the result of his intense practice during
day and night, and also the effect of having such a High Object Control
Authority. To him, the sword he was wielding in the tournament was
probably as light as a twig.

The spectators burst into a round of applause louder than any of
the participants before for Eugeo’s performance, since he was neither a
guard nor an apprentice guard. The judges were probably giving this
mysterious visitor a very high score in their hearts, but could not act
on their own impulses because of the restriction of the clause that
‘They could only assign points based on the performance’. It would be
another thing altogether if they were not restrained by the ruling of the
lower-level «Imperial Nobles». It would have been different if so, but
only a 5th rank Lord, the leader of this town, Kelgam Zakkalight, was
close enough to be present. Luckily, he was not one of the judges.
Eugeo, who finished his performance, walked down the stage,
wiped off the sweat on his forehead, and gave a hearty grin to his
partner who was waiting for his turn at the side of the West stage.
Kirito gave a thumbs up in response, But honestly, you’re the one who’s
making people worry here.
After 2 minutes, Kirito’s number was finally called. He walked
towards the large steps, not showing any signs of tension, but this
caused the observer to feel anxious. Don’t pull any flashy stunts now.

164

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Just be normal. The observer hid itself in the front of the scalp hair,
hoping to command Kirito like this, but managed to endure it.

Kirito stood on the stage that was without any gaps, not made of
sandstone, but of red marble. He bowed to the leader at the VIP seat,
and immediately drew his sword. Such an impatient action caused the
judges sitting right under the canopy to frown. However, Kirito did not
mind at all as he raised the sword in his right hand. First, the first
style—

*Zun*, the strong stamp rocked the entire arena. *Buush*, the
wind that glided with the sword swings reached the spectator stands
20 Mel away. Cries of shock and some cries of anguish caused the
nobles to leave their seats slightly. It was understandable since the
style Kirito should complete in 10 seconds was completed in 2 seconds
in a very forceful manner.
What are you thinking!? The observer wanted to rip off his hair,
only to realize something important at this moment. In the rules, when
performing the styles, there was no indication of how many seconds
would be required to finish them. In other words, it would not be
against the rules to finish quickly... But even so.

He adjusted his body that was swinging the sword, faced the
spectators in the north and performed the second style. The raging
sword winds that blew again caused the hair of the spectators at the
front seats to dance, and this time, though the cries had some anguish
mixed in, the cheers were a lot louder. Then, as Kirito continued to
perform action number 3, 4 in a very fast manner, the cheers continued
to grow loudly, and applause continued to rain. On thinking things
through, it must be very boring to the spectators to see the same
actions over and over again. That was likely why the tournament was
held in two blocks.

165

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Kirito did not slow down at all as he finished the ten actions. He
sheathed the sword and bowed, and was greeted by a thunderous
applause and cheers rained down on the entire arena. He looked over
at the enthusiastic cheers, and saw the Wilde twins in the spectators at
the West block, Telin and Telulu. As promised, they were brought here
by their parents to support them.

Of course, the one who jogged over to Kirito, who was waving to
the western spectators and casually walking down was Eugeo. He
looked like he was trying his best not to grab Kirito by the shirt, but he
wisely squealed out with a very soft voice,
“Wha-What were you doing?”

“Well, I just felt that it would take too long to see other people
perform... So, I thought that it would be good to settle this fast.”

“It might not be against the rules, but can’t you just do it
normally?”

“If I do it quickly, even if there were some slight miscues, the
judges won’t be able to see them, right...”
“...”

Eugeo showed an expression that was 70% shocked and 30%
amazed, dropped his shoulders, and sighed hard.

“...Let’s just pray that the judges will grade us according to the
applause...”

On hearing Eugeo say such words lifelessly, the observer could
only think Great minds think alike.

The preliminaries lasted for another hour, and ended when the
bell rang at 2pm. The participants again stood on the stage, and the

166

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

judges’ representations read out the numbers and names of those
taking part in the finals.

The observer felt some form of relief after hearing that Eugeo
passed the preliminaries, followed by Kirito a few seconds later. It
never had such feelings in these few years of memories, and it could
not help but bring its weak legs in.

—Really, when was the last time I got so emotional observing
someone? No, I’ll say this is the first time.

The 40 participants lowered their shoulders dejectedly as they
left the rest room, and only 8 swordsmen from the East and West
blocks were waiting in the standby area of the arena. They were all
given Siral Water drawn from a deep well and some simple food, and
during this time, the spectators were taking a short period of rest. Once
the 30 minutes of rest ended, the finals would begin. In this elimination
tournament, the 1st to 3rd rounds of battles would be held, and a
winner will be decided from both the East block and the West block.
According to the Wilde farm owner, Banou explained to Kirito
and the rest, that until several decades ago, there was a final match
that was to be held between the winners of the East and West blocks.
The reason why this event was cancelled was because of an accident
that happened in a certain year because of intense fighting in the finals,
where blood was spilled when it should not be spilled.
In the whole of Norlandgarth, the Zakkaria Tournament
notwithstanding— No, in the swordsmanship tournaments held in the
entire Human World, this was a rule that was strictly enforced.

167

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

This rule was based on the Absolute Taboo Index «In situations
with no other clauses in effect, no deliberate harming of other people’s
Lives would be permitted». That was why there was such a paradoxical
skill required in this tournament— So that they can ensure other
people’s safety while making them submit.
The reason for each school to focus on their «styles» was to
prevent accidents from happening by making sure that both the fighter
and the enemy’s breathing were on the same wavelength. Style vs
Style; this would refer to repeating the same attacks and defenses, and
the first to be fatigued or lose concentration would most likely be the
loser. The only times blood was allowed to be spilled would be the
Higher Ranked tournaments in Central where the rule «First Strike» or
when prestigious organizations like the Integrity Knights or the Master
Arts Academy take part.

However, Human Units had something that other living Objects
did not have, something called «emotions». It was because of this that
they had a powerful strength, but could also lose their cool and do
unpredictable things.

The incident Banou Wilde talked about was a result of the rising
emotions of the two Swordsmen ‘wanting to win’, causing the swords
to hit each other on the bodies instead of the swords. Of course, there
was no fatal injury involved —If it had become that serious, the Axiom
Church would have intervened— However, a mere drop of blood
caused the people in the town to be terrified. Of course, it was
understandable why the final battle between the East and West block
winners were scrapped.

Of course, these two young swordsmen did not know about this.
Their aim was to be the winners of this tournament, stand out from
amongst the guards, get the rights to attend the Central Centoria’s

168

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Master Arts Academy exam, pass one hurdle after another, and one day,
they hoped to meet this «Alice» in the Centoria Cathedral of the Axiom
Church.

It was shocking, but both of them were headed down in the right
direction. This was so troublesome and so distant, but that path would
definitely lead them to the Cathedral. However... if Kirito and Eugeo
really do gain the right to enter that white tower, both of them would
have...

The 2.30pm bell broke this trail of thought. After that, the
orchestra that was lined up in a corner of the spectator stands let out a
majestic March, indicating the start of the finals.

The duo, which had already finished eating the simple meal, stood
up forcefully from the fold-able chairs at the waiting area. The black
and green eyes exchanged looks with each other, and they reached
their right fists out to bump each other, turning away as if there was no
need for more words as they head off to the stages of the East and West
blocks. The spectator stand that was somewhat empty during the
preliminaries was already filled up, and the rain of cheers descended
like howling wind.
The guards in charge of miscellaneous stuff moved the large
board with ordinary paper to the atrium the judges were at. The words
that were written in black on them showed the table for the
tournament finals that would be carried out in an elimination format.
On the East block, Eugeo’s first match was the 3rd match of the 1st
around. Kirito too had his on the 3rd match— but the observer’s stare
seemed to be attracted by the young apprentice guard called Egome,
the one Kirito seemed to be worried about for some reason.

169

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

I’ve let him be in the same block as Kirito. That 5 mil body felt a
mysterious feeling it did not feel during that draw. It did some baseless
thinking. It could not possibly have the same functions as that of a
human.

Kirito’s concerns were completely different from the observer as
he did not react even after seeing Egome’s name. Once the chief judge’s
speech ended, he immediately walked down the stage and sat on the
chairs in the West block waiting area. Eugeo came here when they
were having their meal, but as of this moment, he could only remain in
the standby area at the East block, so there was no chance to talk to
him.
It watched the first and second match from Kirito’s head, and saw
that the battles were won smoothly.

The party that attacked first continued to use basic skills since the
3rd and 4th move, and the defense continued to take the hits without
showing any openings, letting out a casual rattling sound. Then, it was
a reversal of roles as the sounds of metal clashing could be heard again.
One might mistake this for practice, but they were using real metal
swords after all. No matter whether it was the side swinging the sword
or the one defending, they would lose Life due to fatigue. Once the
Lives drop past a certain value, their movements would show openings,
and their defenses would become weird. The one to fail in defending
himself ended up letting the opponent’s sword tip poke right at his
body— ‘That’s enough!’ or something like that.

It felt completely different from the Central-class tournaments’
speeds where the fighters would sprint and retreat. However, the
tournaments held in the North should be something like that as well.
The young man named Egome should not have any outstanding
abilities, and in that case, the 3rd match of this tournament would

170

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

likely be Kirito’s easy victory since he had a larger Object Control
Authority. The observer dispelled that anxious notion that came before
as it boarded the red marble stage together with Kirito, who had his
name called out.

A short moment later, Eugeo’s name was called out on the East
stage. However, from a glance, it could tell that Eugeo’s opponent was
too overenthusiastic and was already sweating, so there was no sense
of worry at all. On the other hand, Kirito and Egome were facing off
against each other on the west stage, and the eyes under the sandcolored hair were staring intently at Kirito. It again checked the Stacia
window, but the values were lower than the average competitor in the
tournament. So why is Kirito so wary of him—?
Both of them started walking, drawing their swords slowly. The
young judge raised his right hand and swung it down, shouting,
“—BEGIN!”

At the same time, Egome started to take action. Normally, both
sides would first stare at each other and begin the battle after checking
each others breathing rhythm, so there was a slight commotion from
the crowd. However, this was not against the rules. Even though using
surprise attacks to win was not advocated, it was a strategy in fighting.
“OHHH!”

Egome swung down from the top right side with intense vigor,
and Kirito ran up to him to take this blow. *KLANG!* There was a
mysterious metallic sound that never happened in the tournament up
till now, and the yellow sparks that exploded lit their faces.
171

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

These swords that should be causing a knockback continued to
remain clashed with each other, trembling slightly. Kirito countered
with amazing speed, completely ignoring the fact that he was slower as
he moved the sword up, pressuring the opponent. The two swords let
out a grinding sound that echoed throughout the silent west block
arena.

In this situation, Kirito moved forward, brought his face slowly to
the nose bridge of Egome’s face that was frowning hard—and
muttered,
“You have the smell of Nedge Lezta on you.”

“...So what?”

Egome let out a tone that sounded like the grinding of a metal
force. Kirito then continued on in a deeper voice,

“There’s only one use for Nedge Lezta. When dried and burnt, the
smoke produced will numb venomous insects. For example... a «Large
Marsh Horsefly».”
“...”

Egome’s narrow eyes widened hard, and at the same time, the
observer that was hiding in Kirito’s head blinked.

That means that Kirito was moving around amongst the
participants in the rest area to look for the person with that Nedge Lezta
smell. In that case, the reason would be—
“...This morning, at the West gate of Zakkaria. You’re the one who
planted that Large Marsh Horsefly... that insect that caused the horse to
go wild.”
172

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

In response to this sharp question, Egome merely sneered
maliciously.

“I have no need to answer to a homeless guy like you. But even
so... what I did was just to release an insect that wouldn’t harm anyone.
I’m not breaking the Imperial Law or the Taboo Index here.”
What the apprentice guard said then was the truth. If the Large
Marsh Horsefly could harm humans directly... if it had been an
organism that could take Life away, it would have been illegal to bring
it to an area humans lived in. However, letting an insect that would
only bite a horse would not break any rules at all.
However, things were not that simple. No matter how young
children are, they can understand that a Large Horse Marshfly flying
around horses would be there to bite horses... to wear out the Lives of
the horse. It was imaginable that the horse would then go wild and
could hurt the people passing by.

Most of the Human Units who realized this possibility would
probably give up on this idea of letting this Large Horse Marshfly go.
This was because there was the Taboo function of «Not reducing other
people’s Lives» working within their bodies. However, even after
knowing that this would cause damage to Kirito or Eugeo... No, it was
because he actively wanted this that this young man called Egome let
the Horsefly go. To them, it was the thought of «I just let go of an insect
that won’t harm any humans. I have no idea what will happen next», a
function that overpowered the thought of following the Taboo Index.
...The blood of nobility.

This young man was giving off the rumored dark side of the
nobles. He was completely different from the people at the Wilde farm,
173

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

a person who believed that «Anything that does not break the rules is
acceptable».
“...Why?”

Egome seemed to spit out as he answered Kirito’s short question,

“I don’t like you. Someone who’s homeless like you, who doesn’t
have a Sacred Task, wants to challenge me? This Egome Zakkalightsama? You want to join our guards? I won’t allow you. I wanted to
wreck you when I saw you arrive to take the tournament rules slip last
month.”

“...I see, one of the nobles. But even if you have some prestigious
background, you’re just a lowlife for doing such things. Sorry, can we
hurry up and end this now?”

Even after hearing that he was a blood relative of the Zakkaria
leader, Kirito did not show any signs of fear as he said. He exerted
some strength into the swords that were still clashed with each other,
seemingly trying to make the opponent fall. But at that moment,

Egome again grinned, and after that, there was a sharp cracking
sound. Kirito showed a slight stiffness. On looking over, while the two
swords were clashed, Kirito’s blade was the only one that was showing
a small yet obvious crack.
Why would only one sword be affected when they’re both swords
borrowed for the tournament? It frantically opened the «Windows» for
both swords, and there was an unexpected message over there.

Kirito’s sword was a level 10 object, while Egome’s sword was a
level 15 object. On a closer look, it looked like there was a small
difference in the glow of the blades.

174

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

“Ku...!”

Kirito groaned as he brought his sword back. This time, Egome
brought his body forward. *Pnk*, *pnk*. It continued to let out cries as
Kirito’s sword was the only one with its Life decreasing.
“Speaking of which, this isn’t against the rules either.”
Egome muttered while showing a victorious look.

“According to the stipulation of the tournament, all participants
have to fight using the metal swords loaned out by the judges. In that
case... it’s not against the rules even if there was a sharp sword mixed
into these swords and I got it.”
“...So you bribed the guard who loaned the swords out.”

“I don’t know anything. But would be it okay for you to keep this
up, wanderer? No matter how much you try, you’ll only cause that
sword to lose it’s Life.”

Egome continued to swing over with all his might as he said that,
while Kirito did something unexpected.

Kirito did not fight the opponent head on as he deliberately fell
towards the arena and ducked past under the opponent’s arm. Egome’s
sword let out a loud *GLANK* as it slid and smashed into the large
marble. The recoil stunned Egome’s body, while Kirito used this chance
to leap away and keep his distance.
At this point, the spectators who were watching this nervously
cheered. They had never seen an action like ducking under the
opponent’s arm while in the midst of a sword clash, and they, who did
not know what the duo were talking about, rained down thunderous
applause on them.

175

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

Egome finally recovered from the numbness as he faced Kirito,
showing an enraged look.

It’s dangerous. The observer instinctively realized this. Of course,
as a noble, he could not break the Taboo Index as well, so he would not
use the sword to hurt Kirito directly— However, on the other hand, if
Kirito was hurt because of a slight accident, it would be fine. It’s really
amazing that he could think of something like this. The observer
thought.

Such a hypothesis however was overturned by Egome’s next
move.

He raised the level 15 sword he had been wielding with two
hands up till now with his right hand, and stopped at shoulderheight— It looked like he was putting it on his shoulder. Then, it
seemed like he was looking for something as he spent several seconds
adjusting his position. Finally, the blade was surrounded by a light blue
glow.
“...Zakkalight Secret Art Finishing Move, «Azure Wind Slash»“

The crowd again let out a thunderous applause— including
applause from the East block. The referee on the stage looked rather
troubled as he stared over at the judges’ seats, but it seemed that they
were pretty lost there as well. As the name suggested, the «Secret Arts
Styles» here would refer to the finishing moves of each school, moves
that normally could not be used, but there was no stipulation in the
rules to follow, so the participants were given full reign to decide. Once
Egome decided to use it, there was no way anyone could stop him.

However, the issue was that the power of the «Secret Art» was
incomparable to the other normal styles, and once it was activated, it
could not be stopped midway. The user’s body would move on its own,

176

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

not by its own will, but by a supernatural force that was similar to
Sacred Arts. In other words, if Kirito’s defense failed, it would not just
corner him, it would break his body. Egome clearly understood this,
and even so, he wanted to use this Secret Art— Most likely, he thought
that even if there was blood spilled, it was just the defender’s fault for
not taking it probably.
However, there was still a way to stop Egome’s move.

That would be to let Kirito put his sword down and expose
himself to the enemy’s attack. At that moment, Egome’s resolve would
break, and using a Secret Art here would clearly be breaking the Taboo
Index. No matter what kind of noble blood he had, it would not be able
to override the authority of the Taboo Index, the power of the Axiom
Church. That was the absolute limitation that was ingrained in the
Human Units.

Put down the sword. The observer tried its best to stop itself from
saying these helpful words to Kirito. Even if I don’t say so, he’ll realize
this. Hurry up, put the sword...
“...So the secret move’s coming up.”

Suddenly, Kirito muttered in a volume even the observer on the
head could not hear.

He moved his left hand from the sword hilt, just as Egome did,
and positioned himself in a way such that it looked like he was putting
the sword at the left side of his waist. As his body stopped, a bright
purple glow was emitted from the sword.
On seeing this, the spectators and the judges held their breaths.
Eugeo, who was on the opposite stage, shook his head yare yare. It

177

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

remembered that whenever such a scene happened, everything would
be over.
Egome’s face trembled and twisted as he bared his teeth.
“KYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAA—!!”

With the shout of a large bird Object, the art was activated. He
took a hard step to the front with his left foot, raised the metal sword
that was resting on his shoulder, and slashed out in a diagonal
trajectory that was aimed at Kirito.

Got to stop this battle. At this moment, the observer was seriously
considering about this. However, it would be too late to use a Sacred
Art here. Got to jump off from Kirito’s head and show my true form. It
will be completely against the rules— But even if I have to take whatever
punishment Master gives me, it will be far less compared to letting my
observation target...
But at this moment.

“—Shuu!!”

Kirito showed off a sharp momentum as he too moved.

He fearlessly rushed towards the light blue trajectory Egome
drew out. His right hand moved and carved out a bright purple line in
the air from the left to the right, and also another attack— from the
right to the left.
*KIIN!!* A sharp metal sound was released, passing through the
walls of the arena, and seemed like it could be heard from all the
streets and corners of Zakkaria.

178

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

A sliver glow danced high in the air, reflecting off the light from
Solus above as it slowly landed. A blade that was sliced from the edge
was stabbed straight into the red marble stage.

Kirito’s sword skill was really so fast that even the observer did
not notice it at all, completely. However, it did see the crucial moment.

The sword swung from left to right and immediately went from
right to left. As the speed was too fast, it felt like Kirito was attacking
with two swords from both left and right sides. In fact, there was only
one metallic sound. These two hits resembled beasts gnawing as they
accurately hit the same point— and shattered Egome’s sword. With a
tournament sword that had its Life reduced by half, the sharp sword
that had 5 levels of priority was...

Egome’s eyes widened as he remained still. He, who had swung
down the sword with only the hilt left vertically, could not help but
tremble. Kirito, who maintained his sword swinging position too,
whispered into Egome’s right ear from a nearby position,
“Aincrad style Twin-consecutive-hit Skill... «Snake Bite»“
On hearing these words—

The observer felt all of its hairs standing.

This human called Kirito... actually had a uniqueness that far
exceeded its expectations. Even with the 378 years of history in the
Underworld, it was rare to see someone like him... Perhaps he might
even be on equal standing as the Master, «That person».
179

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

180

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 3 – Zakkaria Sword Arts Tournament

As it continued to feel this inexplicable feeling, no, this feeling it
was not even conscious of, it was only thinking of one thing.

I want to witness the end of these two’s journey, Kirito and Eugeo.
Over there, there will definitely—

In the Human World Calendar 378, the Zakkaria Swordsmanship
tournament East and West block winners were the young men with no
Sacred Tasks, who came from a village in the north. As per tradition,
they earned the rights to join the guards.
In the end, the first match was the only one that troubled Kirito
somewhat, and he never used the «Two-consecutive Hits» thereafter.
The next spring, Kirito and Eugeo would earn the recommendation
letters required to attend the Royal Swordsmanship Academy, a fact
that could not be more obvious.

181

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

182

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 1
—If possible, I really don’t want to fight against women until the
Four Empires Unity Tournament.
I said this to Eugeo before during the Zakkaria Swordsmanship
Tournament. Ever since then, it had been one and a half years.

It has been about two years since we chopped down the «Demon
Tree» Gigas Cedar at Rulid Village and left the village. Half a year later,
we joined the Zakkaria guards, and another half a year later, we
reached Central. It has been a year since we knocked on the doors of
this academy.

It seemed like a very long time, but as I recalled this, it was really
amazing. 2 years would be around the same amount of time as when I
was trapped in the floating city of Aincrad.
Luckily— I should be about to say this, this Virtual world
«Underworld» I dived in unknown circumstances was operated by a
super-technology that far exceeded my imaginations.

The «Fluctlight Acceleration Function»— it magically magnified
the sense of time and accelerates of the person in dive mode.
Theoretically, it could be accelerated to 1000 times the time in reality.
In other words, the physical body of Kirigaya Kazuto that was lying in
the real world would have dived for only 18 hours ever since it began.
To think that I woke up in the forest near Rulid Village, spent 2
years to reach the Norlangarth Empire Swords Academy, and not a

183

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

single day had passed in the real world yet, I felt a little dizzy, and yet a
little relieved. In the worst case scenario, even if I were deemed
missing in the real world, not much time would have passed for that
assumption to be made.
I did not want my parents, Suguha, my friends, and of course Yui
and Asuna to worry. Of course, as far as I know about Asuna and the
rest, they would never merely sit down and worry; they would
definitely do something. To me, this would be something I would be
even more worried about.

Either way, the current situation would have devastated Asuna
and the rest, and the me in this world tried to take note not to interact
with females. I made this decision when I stepped out of Rulid Village
—that it was great that Eugeo was a guy— I thoroughly swore to
follow this oath and said such things in Zakkaria, however...
What I never ever thought of was that I would regularly have
sword scrimmages against swordswomen during the past year in
Centoria.
“I’m here to help you revise, First Year.”

The one who ordered with a clear voice was a senior student who
wore her purple-based uniform neatly and tied her dark brown hair in
a ponytail, my «Senior».
“Understood, Rina-sempai.”

I answered, and drew the practice wooden sword from the
leather sheath on the left side of my waist. It was a wooden sword, but
it was made of the highest quality platinum oak, and one would
mistake it for a glossy metal. It did not have a blade and it did not have

184

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

cutting ability, so even if it grazed some clothing, the clothing’s Life
would not decrease. But in terms of priority, it was a lot larger than the
crude metal sword I borrowed in the Zakkaria tournament.
The swordswoman saw me get into position with my sword
drawn, and also drew her wooden sword in a fluid manner. The
posture she made was slightly different, a slanted position where the
right half of her body blocked the left arm. This would be the basic
style of the «Celurute Fluid Combat Skills» she inherited from her
family.

“...This is the last time. You have no problems using your left hand
anymore.”
I chuckled as I said, and she answered back with a stern look, “Is
that so.” She then placed her left hand behind her waist, right below
the large sash.

The swordswoman was standing 10 Mel away, no, 10 meters
away as she made her posture, and the way she showed her
determination looked really beautiful.

In terms of height, she was 3cm taller than my 1.7m tall frame.
The flowing hair was tied by a rattan colored ribbon that matched
extremely well with the dark brown hair. The ferocity of a warrior and
the elegance of a noble were mixed together on the beautiful face. The
navy blue color of her eyes were like the sky that was fading into
twilight.

The jacket of her neat uniform and the gently swaying long skirt
were of a glacial purple color. It was not an eye-catching color, but it
looked much more glamorous than anything else she put on, which
was really unbelievable. However, the body that was encased under

185

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

the clothing was a refined iron-like one, and I knew this because of my
role.
“...This will be the last time.”

She— Solterina Celurute, a child of the Norlangarth royal family
and the second rank of the Master Sword Academy— maintained a
position that was without any openings as she muttered.
I— the Beginner Trainee of the Master Sword Academy, Kirito,
was her «Valet». I nodded silently and lowered my body down.

Every day, the lessons and practical training would last from 9am
in the morning till 3pm in the afternoon, and after that, I would have to
be her valet for an hour. I was drained physically and mentally, but all
sorts of fatigue was long gone since I was able to fight against
Solterina-sempai. It was already 5pm, and we were the only two left on
the practice ground that was built in the Elite swordsmanship
dormitory, located on high ground in the Academy campus.
Eugeo’s probably sighing away at the Trainee dormitory because I
broke the curfew at this point, but since he’s a valet to another
swordsman, he should be able to understand.

I thought, and then focused my consciousness on the sword in my
right hand. Rina-sempai’s eyes suddenly became dull as the air seemed
to show a flash of electricity, causing me to tense up. The lamps that lit
the wide practice field swayed slightly, seemingly unable to withstand
this tension.
Even without a referee around, both of us took action at the
moment our breathing were in the same rhythm.

186

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Petty tricks would not work on Solterina-sempai, who was called
the «Mobile Tactics Overload», so I took a step forward, closed the
distance of 10m, and did an unexpected vertical slash.

The teachers would definitely tell me off if I used this skill in
actual sparring, but I would be taken down immediately if I used that
slow Norlangarth-style in this match. Either way, Solterina-sempai’s
Celulute-style was the most practical sword style I knew of in
Underworld.

The one fastest strike I unleashed was blocked by the wooden
sword in Solterina-sempai’s right hand. However, it did not impact her
at all. She used the gentleness of her arm, shoulder and waist as she
took my attack by tilting the side of her smooth blade. This would be
the Secret Art of the Celulute-style, «Active Water». She had been
teaching me this move for the past year, but I still could not grasp it
completely even after knowing it.

On a side note, the language used for writing and speaking in this
world was completely Japanese (and a few foreign languages), but
there were very few kanji. Most likely, it was about the equivalent of
30% of the JIS Level 1, as it used only about 1000 kanji words. But even
with such restrictions, they managed to give so many sword skills
unique names.
The imagination of the people in Underworld was really
astounding. Right now, there were only stories read to young children.
In another 100 years, it would not be strange to see someone write a
novel. If it would be sold in Japan in the real world and get a
ridiculously large amount of hits, it would be really amazing...
I jumped in the front-right direction, seemingly trying to shake
away those random thoughts in my mind. That was because I learned

187

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

my lesson after sempai broke my balance with the «Active Water» and
countered.

I flipped in the air and landed near the wall of the practice ground.
My right foot stepped on the black shining wall, and I charged
forward— As I did this, Rina-sempai’s left hand took action.
It moved from behind her waist to the front of her body, drawing
an elegant arc as a white light extended out from her fingertips. Of
course, this was not because she was using a Sacred Art called «Light
Element». Its true form was a whip that was made of fine white leather,
the weapon she was most skilled at using other than the sword.

The practice whip made from the soft Wilde goat skin would not
reduce Life even if one were hit directly, but it would be painful
enough for one to break down in tears. I instinctively wanted to wield
my sword to get into a defensive position, but the blade would be
wrapped up by the leather whip and nullified. However, if I did not do
so and back away, a second, and third hit would come right at me.

I desperately turned my body to the left, trying to dodge sideways
to avoid this. The tip of the leather whip grazed past my right cheek
and flew behind, and using this chance, I charged forward.

However, this leather whip that let out a loud, shrill swipe in the
air coiled its body like a snake as it pulled back. I would have to get to
her before the next hit occurred. I decided that it would be impossible
for me to reach her by running alone, placed my wooden sword in a
parallel manner to my right leg, and pulled it back. I kept my body low,
bent forward, and at this moment, the blade let out a blue glow.
Rina-sempai suddenly narrowed her eyes and opened her left
hand. She decisively released the leather whip in her left hand and
placed it on the sword handle her right hand was holding.

188

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Immediately afterwards, my body accelerated as if it were moved
by an invisible hand. It was called the Aincrad-style, but it was actually
a «sword skill» that existed since the old SAO— the one handed lower
sword thrust skill «Rage Spike». I continued to decrease this 7m
distance while feeling like I was one with the wind.
In contrast, Rina-sempai tilted the sword she was wielding with
two hands to the rear right side. *Don*, she stepped forward with her
left foot, and her wooden sword let out an emerald glow. It was the
Celulute Secret Skill «Linker».

My wooden sword swung up from the bottom right side, and it
clashed with sempai’s sword intensely as it swung over horizontally.
Our wooden swords let out a metallic-like impact sound, and the green
and blue sparks that were let out immediately lit up the dim training
ground.

I straightened myself as our swords were right on each other, and
Rina-sempai’s face was 10cm away from mine. She looked as cool and
collected as ever, and her snowy white forehead did not show a single
bead of sweat. Even so, she managed to deal so much pressure to my
sword. If I’m not careful, I’ll be beaten by her.
In this world, the abilities of humans, or in other words, the
«Character Status» were somewhat complicated.

Even if I opened what they called the «Stacia Window», the most
it showed were the current value/maximum value of the Hit Points and
O

C

S

the two level indicators «Object Control Authority», and «System
C

Control Authority».

Amongst them, the OC Authority controlled the use of weapons
and armor, while the SC authority controlled the use of Sacred Arts. In

189

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy
S

T

R

other words, the former would be the equivalent of strength, while the
I

N

T

latter would be in charge of intelligence. This was a simple deduction I
made at first. However, STR alone did not seem like it was controlled
by OC Authority. It seemed that there were other factors like age,
physique, health status, experience and training and all sorts of
parameters.

I had been thinking through this. If a young kid’s OC Authority
level was raised to the maximum because of some reason, and if
strength was decided through that value alone, there would be a kid
with monstrous strength. If I started off with the objective to survive in
this world, I wouldn’t like such irregular phenomenon as well.

I can’t check it myself, but if we’re comparing OC Authority, mine
should be a lot higher than Rina-sempai. This should be the case, but
sempai was able to hold her own against me while we’re neck and neck
with each other, so it’s likely because of the amazing amount of
training she underwent every single day. During these two years,
Eugeo and I had been training, whether it was day or night, but it was
not on the level of the monstrous training sempai went through that
would make anyone tremble. That sort of training raised her strength
and also a ‘power’ that couldn’t be indicated through values.
However, the scariest thing was that, even when there was
someone like her, she was only the second ranked amongst the 12 elite
swordsmen— In other words, there was the fact that one other person
was ranked above her.

Eugeo and I would be taking part in the advancement exams for
elite swordsmen next month. It seemed that the 12 people with the top
grades would be given the rank of a «Swordsmanship Specialist» as
elite swordsmen. It would be a must for us to become swordsmen, and

190

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

we had to be the top and second ranked. If not, we would not be able to
attend the Emperor’s Imperial Competition, officially known as the
«Norlangarth Imperial Swordsmanship Tournament» after we
graduate.
In this 2 year course within this Swords Academy, each year had
120 students. In other words, Eugeo and I would have to beat the other
118 students— To be honest, on thinking Rina-sempai wasn’t the
«Number 1» even when she’s so strong, I did feel a little, no, strongly
anxious...
“—You’ve improved, Kirito.”

Suddenly, she muttered to me from a very close distance,
seemingly having read my thoughts. I shook my head slightly,
maintaining the pressure I was exerting when I couldn’t let go.
“No... I still have a long way to go.”

“Aren’t you being humble there. You have more or less learned
how to deal with my whip.”
“That’s because you never held back.”

On hearing that answer, the bewitching lips showed a slight smile.

“I have no need to hold back against you, Kirito. That’s because
this is the final... your «Aincrad Style» has some moves I have not yet
seen.”

Uuu. I couldn’t help but stop myself from talking. My sword was
forced back by 5cm, perhaps because I was wavering, and Rina-sempai
pressed down on me from above.
Her navy blue eyes stared at me, seemingly sealing away the
gloom in her as she continued,

191

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“A year ago, when I anointed you as my valet, I felt something like
a sword style. It was completely different from the Norlangarth style
the Academy demanded... that this sword style was not for sightseeing,
but for winning. The Celulute style I use is trying to develop towards
the goal of practical use, but it’s too rigid compared to your style, Kirito.
I understood that during this past year.”

I could only widen my eyes at my opponent who made this
confession.

The use of the sword skills was different, if I have to say it, and
that’s true. I’m not someone from the Underworld. My sword skill is
named as an Aincrad-style because those were all learned in that
floating city, in the world of that death game where we had to risk our
lives for all the actual battles.

In contrast, there was basically no actual battles in the
Underworld. All the battles were done in a «competition». In a local
contest, it would be when one side was cornered, and for the higher
level contests in Central, the one to hit first would win. As there would
be no risking of lives, it was logical for sword skills to be developed for
an aesthetic ideal.

However, this did not mean that the sword skills of the
swordsmen in the Underworld were inferior. This was also something I
learned in the past two years. As long as they continued to practice the
same «style» countless times, the power of each hit they spent so much
time refining could easily break down the inexperience of live combat
experience they lacked in half.
This was all because of the power of the «Imagination».

Underworld was a virtual world, but the construct was
completely different from Aincrad. In this world, the strength of the

192

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

imagination created by the souls— the Fluctlights, would sometimes
affect the results.

How strong would someone be by using the imagination of a
swordsman to practice the same skill over and over again for 10, 20
years since youth... On the other hand, I, who had an advantage in OC
authority, was forced back by Rina-sempai like this in the current
situation, which showed this to be true. The power of imagination was
not shown numerically, but it was a real power that was hidden in this
world. It was something neither I, who woke up to this world for
merely 2 years, nor Eugeo, who started training his swordsmanship at
the same time, could easily grasp.

The students in the academy were mostly born in the houses of
the «Nobles», elites who started learning the art of swordsmanship
ever since 3, 4 years old. Even so, only a small group would spend the
time and effort to actually practice. In this situation however, Eugeo
and I had to beat the sturdy swords of these strong people head on and
aim for the top seat of the year.

Because of this, the only weapon I could rely on was the Aincradstyle— the sword skills.
As for why the sword skills existed in Underworld, I had no idea
why, even till now.

However, it looked like the swordsmen in this world only knew
the basic single-strike skills, or rather, they could only use such skills.

One year ago, during the Zakkaria Tournament, the apprentice
guard Egome used the Zakkalight style «Azure Wind Slash». In SAO
sword skill term, it would be the one-handed diagonal attack «Slash».
The Celulute-style move Rina-sempai used just now, the «Linker», was
the two-handed spinning sword slash «Cyclone». Other moves I saw

193

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

were Norlangarth-style «Lightning Slash», which was the one-handed
sword skill «Vertical», while the high level Norlangarth skill «Heavens
and Mountains Break» was the two-handed vertical slash «Avalanche».

These were all the secret moves of each school, and it seemed that
there was no super move that would be like an ultimate move. Then,
the two, three consecutive hit attacks I mastered may be a weapon that
could match up against the sturdy swords of those elite swordsmen
here. It was just a guess for now, but I had to say that it was somewhat
despicable. However, we’re not here to steal the honor of the strongest
in the human world. We just wanted to step through the gates of the
Axiom Church’s Centoria Cathedral that was located on a hill several
kilometers away from the Master Arts Academy, the large tower that
was absolutely out of bounds to us.
age.

In order to let Eugeo meet with Alice who was taken at a young
And I wanted to meet the «Governor» of this world.

If we could finish our aims, it wouldn’t matter even if people
labeled us as despicable during all the tournaments. I would take part
in all the high level swordsmanship tournaments I knew of, and
continued to win, until I become the best in the Four Empires Unity
Tournament and obtain the right as an «Integrity Knight».

This was the reason why I sealed off my moves that were more
than two consecutive hits during the one year since I enrolled into this
Academy. What I just used was merely the «Rage Spike» Charge skill.

However, it seemed that this beautiful senior saw through that
dastardly secret move of mine,

194

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Rina-sempai again brought her face closer by another centimeter,
and whispered in a softer voice as if it was a secret.

“The Celulute family’s ancestors made the Emperor unhappy in
the past, and from there on, they were forbidden from inheriting the
traditional sword skill «High level Norlangarth style». Thus, we started
using unorthodox weapons like whips and daggers, and spent lots of
time relying only on the gentle sword skill that’s not forceful. This is
the Celulute-style... Don’t be mistaken, I’m definitely not unhappy here.
I’m proud to be the only inheritor of this style, and had been training
till today...”
The white slender hands trembled slightly, unlike what she just
said. The wooden swords that were clashed let out a clear rattling
sound. Even though this might be a chance to pull my sword back, I did
not do so as I continued to maintain this posture to wait for her next
words.

“And my father hoped that I graduate as the top ranked student
from this Academy and win during the Imperial tournament to regain
the prestige of the Celulute family. However, isn’t this quite the irony?
If I answer my father’s expectations and get the Emperor to revoke the
ban on the high-level Norlangarth style... our family would give up on
the Celulute style, right? If that’s the case... What’s with that honor I
cherished ever since I was young?”
I couldn’t make a quick response to this question.

Recently, my consciousness had become somewhat faint, but I felt
that Rina-sempai in front of me, my important partner Eugeo, all the
students and instructors in this Academy... and all the people living in
Underworld were different kind of humans from me in a certain sense.
195

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

They were just given the term «Human Units» in this virtual world
Underworld.

Even so, they were different from the NPCs in current VRMMO.
They were «Artificial Fluctlights», copied through the Fluctlight of the
human souls and preserved in a special medium. They were— most
likely, they were the brand new Artificial Intelligences some certain
organization in the real world, probably the enigmatic investment
enterprise «RATH»—

However, their show of emotions would sometimes be greater
than those of people in real life. They would simply sense, feel
bothered, accept or take on the fates this world would give them head
on. When I saw them like this, I felt that it was impossible not to be
agitated. Their existence... No, the existence of this Solterina-sempai
who’s clashing with me at close range is basically like a miracle...
“...Sempai.”

On hearing these words, Rina-sempai showed a slightly selfmocking smile.

“I always had such a doubt in my heart before I entered this
Academy. During these two years, I had never been able to beat that
guy, and that may be because I felt so lost.”

«That person» would refer to the top elite swordsman who had
never changed his rank this year, a guy called Uolo Levanteinn. He was
from a second class noble family who inherited his family’s tradition of
being trained by the Norlangarth Empire Knights, an intimidating
Mighty Sword user. The imagination and power from this guy’s
overhead cleave were top notch. I saw him use a wooden sword to slice
a round log in half.
196

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The elite swordsmen, the best in this Academy were all given the
rank from top to 12th. This rank would change during the
examinations that were held 4 times every year.

Of course, I had been watching at the nearest grandstand seat for
the last three tournaments. They used an elimination tournament
similar to the Zakkaria tournament and reduced the number of people
from 12 to 3 within 2 rounds. The one who was ranked highest before
the tournament would be seeded. During the three decisive finals,
Rina-sempai fought the Chairman Uolo, and lost all three times to him.

As far as I saw, their swordsmanship abilities differed completely.
Rina-sempai used a gentle sharp style as compared to the sturdy
Chairman Uolo. She nullified the extremely powerful strikes like
running water, and would occasionally carry out sharp counterattacks.
Sempai’s skill was basically perfect. Both of them were never able to
carry out any successful attack, but just when time was about to run
out—however, Uolo would use the high level Norlangarth overhead
cleave attack, and during these three times, Rina-sempai was never
able to take the attacks. The wooden sword was sent flying twice and
snapped once.

The judges’ decisions were needed to decide all three matches,
and it was obvious that they would choose Uolo as the winner. Thus
during this year, Uolo was the chairman, and sempai remained as the
vice-chairman, a position that was never changed.

On a side note, the 3rd ranked had never changed before. He was
a hulking guy, Golgosso Valto, who always lost to Rina-sempai in the
semifinals. To add on, the one who became Golgosso-sempai’s valet
was my good friend Eugeo.
197

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The ‘this is the final’ Rina-sempai mentioned before the start of
this training referred to the 4th «Graduation Contest» that would be
held 2 days later. This would be the final ranking. Two days later, these
high level trainees that included the twelve elite swordsmen would
graduate.

In other words, the tournament two days later would be the last
chance for Rina-sempai to overtake Uolo-sempai. To be accurate, the
first two would have the right to participate in the «Imperial
Swordsmanship Tournament». She could possibly meet Uolo there, but
I feel that sempai, who had been losing to him at school, would not be
able to beat him.
“...I’ll be honest here.”

Rina-sempai continued to keep her sword clashed with mine as
she kept her voice down and said to me,

“Whenever I saw that guy’s «Splitting Wave of Heavens and
Mountains»... I would be scared. No matter how many times I trained, I
didn’t have the belief that I could take a hit from that Mighty Sword.
Ever since the time when we were rookie trainees... No, ever since the
time when I first saw that guy’s sword during that entrance exam two
years ago, it had always been like that...”

This was the first time I saw sempai like this, and as I felt shocked,
I earnestly agreed.

As expected, there wasn’t any difference between sempai and
Uolo’s ability. It was only the power of Imagination... How strong her
self-confidence was, this one important factor she was lacking.

As I deduced, if Underworld was a virtual world formed by
«Mnemonic Visual Data», the power of imagination should become an

198

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

important factor in deciding the results of events. That was because
Rina-sempai and I saw that what we touched were not polygons, but
«memory imagination» obtained from Fluctlights.

Each person should have their unique, slightly different
imagination data, right...? Maybe the data released by multiple
Fluctlights could be placed in a «Main memory holder» and evened out.
Then, if such Fluctlights appeared, the power of imagination released
would be enough to affect the data, and it wouldn’t be hard to imagine
that events were changed by personal will.

Using the example of Uolo Levanteinn, the reason why this Mighty
Sword user was so strong was because of this. He had absolute
confidence in his sword skills and his style. His imagination was led by
this firm will, and it was because of such imagination that he was able
to show such tremendous attack power.

In contrast, Rina-sempai always felt somewhat lost about her own
sword skills. The reason was because of the Celulute-style she
mentioned before. The high level Norlangarth style was forbidden from
being passed on, so they could only create their own style as a
replacement. This recognition caused her to have a form of
«Inferiority» in her heart. Because of this, it couldn’t be helped that she
was defeated by Uolo-sempai, who had absolute faith in his own sword
skills... It was probably like this.
However, I wanted to let Rina-sempai win this time. This wasn’t
because of how the world’s composition and imagination would be
rewritten, but that I wanted her to stand proudly and graduate from
this Academy. Sempai had the right and privilege to do so. During this
year, amongst the 12 elite swordsmen, sempai—

199

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“...Sempai, you spent much more time than anyone to train
rigorously, including Chairman Uolo. Even that’s not enough for you to
gain confidence...?”
On hearing my words, Rina-sempai went silent for a short
moment, and gently shook her head.

“Yeah... Looks like it’s still not enough. The more I practice the
Celulute style, the more I kept thinking. What will happen if it was not
a sparring of wooden swords, but through steel swords; what will
happen if whips and daggers can be used. If these could be used, there
would be no need to worry about being careless against the
Norlangarth style. But these were all excuses. In this Human World,
real sparring... real battles definitely wouldn’t happen. Until I stop
giving these excuses for my failures, I’ll never be able to take Uolo’s
sword strike head on...”

Before I could even respond to these words, sempai smiled
slightly and continued,

“But you’re different, Kirito. I couldn’t find any sense of inferiority
in you even as you’re a user of a unique style. I had been watching right
beside you during this year, and I finally understood this reason. I said
it before just now... That’s not all to your «Aincrad Style», right? There
should be some more amazing skills you have, so your heart never
wavered. It’s like that thing you mentioned before, the large tree
located in the forest of your hometown... that Gigas Cedar.”
Unknowingly, our arms relaxed as our wooden swords clashed
with each other. Even so, sempai didn’t move her body back; or rather,
she was tilting her body forward, trying to use the strength of her body
to press down on me. She then said fluently in a voice that was rather
deep for a woman.

200

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“That tree was already planted in your heart, I suppose. No
matter how strong the winds are, it will not bend, and continues to
look up at Solus in the sky... Kirito, I want to see that power you’re
hiding.”
“...”

“This has nothing to do with the match against Uolo. It’s just that,
I want to see... No, I want to know. I want to know all about you as a
swordsman before I graduate from this Academy.”

Deep within the twilight blue eyes, little stars seemed to sparkles
right in front of my eyes.

The beautiful face that looked like it could take anyone’s soul
away was only 5mm away from me before I realized it. At this moment,
a slight pain happened right in the front of my hair, causing me to
recover sharply. I blinked and started to think again.
I never showed Rina-sempai the «amazing» Aincrad style, the
high level sword skills, but not because of some petty reason like using
it as a secret weapon.

That was because I couldn’t use it with this level 15 wooden
sword that was used for competitions and training. The most I could
use was the 2 consecutive hit skills «Snake Bite» and «Vertical Arc». No
matter how much I tried, I couldn’t use 3 consecutive hit skills. I tried it
with a metal sword of the same level, but it was the same. I could only
use the 4 consecutive hit sword skills when I was equipped with the
level 45 Divine Tool «Blue Rose Sword» that chopped down the Gigas
Cedar. I still didn’t know why, but there was no such restriction in the
old SAO.
201

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

202

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Anyway, since sempai wants to see me give my «all», I can’t just
bluff through with the 2 consecutive hits. Thus, there’s only one way
left. I have to borrow the Blue Rose Sword from Eugeo, and at this
point, I could use the strongest 4 consecutive hit skills with that sword.
If I asked Eugeo, he would definitely agree, but to be honest, I’m
still somewhat hesitant. The Blue Rose Sword belonged to Eugeo, and
the sword had the soul of a swordsman. This belief was already
ingrained deeply in my mind. For some reason, I couldn’t imagine
myself using my best skills because of this conscious restriction of this
idea that it was a borrowed item. However, I couldn’t borrow the
swords with highest priority from the Academy’s armory, and those
weren’t my swords.
It can’t be helped then. Looks like I have to borrow the Blue Rose
Sword. I made this decision and said,

“—I understand. But sorry, please give me one day. Tomorrow, at
the same time, I’ll definitely show you... the best sword skills I can
show.”
Once I finished, Rina-sempai’s lips showed a slight smile on her
face, but seemed to quickly realize something as she frowned,

“But it’s a rest day tomorrow. Training is forbidden. You can’t use
this training arena.”
“...This isn’t training.”

I answered. For some reason, sempai showed a somewhat
intrigued expression as she tilted her head,
“Then, what is it?”
“Eh, to put it...”

203

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I rearranged my words slightly and said out what I thought,

“It’s a gift. You taught me a lot of things during this one year,
sempai. I heard that there’s a tradition in the Academy, that the valet
has to give the senior a gift on the day before graduation. I’ll give you a
sword skill, sempai. If it’s a gift, it’ll be fine even if it’s a rest day.”
These words of mine caused sempai to show a little wry smile.

“You never changed at all. I never heard of using a sword skill as a
graduation gift before... But at this point, I might as well tell you this...”
“Eh... You mean?”

“The truth is, the fact that I named you as my valet would be a
breaking of tradition. It’s a stupid tradition here... that «Noble children
have to choose other nobles of a lower class when choosing a valet».
When I named you, many noble representatives came to the
swordsmen trainee dorm to protest.”

“Fufufu.” Rina-sempai let out a slightly weird laugh, but my lips
couldn’t help but become numb as this was the first time I heard of
such a thing...

The nobility sempai was referring to was the special class of the
Norlangarth Empire, all of them ranked from «First class Nobility» to
«Sixth Class Nobility», and ranked above them would be the royal
family. Chairman Uolo’s Levanteinn family was of Second class Nobility,
while the Celulute family was of Third class. In other words, they were
of a higher position than the Zakkaria leader’s family that were of Fifth
Class.
In contrast, the me in this world (and in real life) was an ordinary
civilian amongst civilians, and undoubtedly, I would be the lowest class
of the population. If we’re talking about someone who’s not a noble,

204

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

but very famous in the social world and had lots of land— I would have
to mention the chief of Rulid Village, Gasupht Schuberg, and Bano
Wilde, whose house Eugeo and I resided in. These had family names
after their own names, but the lowest of the lowest people weren’t
even allowed to do so.
It was only after Eugeo and I managed to enroll in the Imperial
Master Sword Academy that most of the students here were mostly
nobles and children of rich merchants; those of common birth formed
only 20% of the whole. It was a complete double standard during
enrollment. Eugeo and I had to spend half a year getting the Zakkaria
captain’s recommendation letter required for the examination, but
once I realized that the nobles could take part without any conditions, I
felt like sending a letter of complaint to the Liberal Arts Department.
Anyway, once I got enrolled, in terms of school rules, those of
nobles weren’t treated any differently from those of common birth...
But there was an invisible difference. I (and Eugeo was most likely the
same), spent a year ignoring the rumors others spread, but I never
thought once that this was because Rina-sempai chose me as her valet.

“Since... Since there was such a custom, why did you still choose
me...? If it were based on entrance ranking, there were 6 others above
me. They’re all nobles, so if you chose one of them, there probably
won’t be any disputes...”

“But those 6 merely earned points through performances, right? I
have no interest in the beauty of the style. To me, your performance
was the most exciting instead of what the testers chose... No, instead of
it being exciting, I should say...”

Rina-sempai did not continue as she shut her mouth, showed a
slight smile, and continued,

205

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“...At this point, I won’t say why I chose you. That’s because I’ll be
graduating soon. More than that, let’s talk about tomorrow. If the gift
you’re going to give me is a display of the Aincrad-style secret moves,
I’ll gladly accept it, Kirito.”
“Ah, ye-yes. Glad that you’ll like it.”

“...However, I’m a little concerned. Based on the explanation you
gave just now, it seemed that you decided on things here because you
forgot that you had to give me a gift— I suppose I can interpret it this
way...”

“No, of course not, how can that be! I had been thinking of that
ever since the beginning. Really!”

I hurriedly denied it. “That’s it for now then.” Rina-sempai
showed a cool expression, and it changed,

“We’ll leave that for later. It’s time to decide the winner in our
match.”
“Eh? —Ah.”

At this point, I remembered that we’re still in a sparring match.
However, before I could even make a proper response, the wooden
swords that were slightly touching each other slightly gave a strong
feedback. It wasn’t a sword skill, but rather, one of the few parrying
skills of the Celulute style «Still Water» that was used to blow the
opponent away while the swords were touching.

I jumped back forcefully, not taking this hit head on. Unlike the
«Active Water» move from before, the «Still Water» would give a very
strong burden to the legs, and after use, there would be a short pause.
Also, sempai didn’t have the whip in her left hand.
206

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Let’s end this with a forward leap. I landed, and raised my sword
high up.
At this moment, I felt a chill down my spine.

Rina-sempai was definitely wielding the wooden sword with both
hands— But the whip that was supposed to be behind her disappeared.
Where exactly did it disappear to!? I widened my eyes, but I couldn’t
stop my sword skill. The one handed charge attack «Sonic Leap» was
activated, and the blade let out a blue glow...
At exactly the same time as the sword skill was activated.

Rina-sempai’s left hand moved away from the wooden sword and
reached above. She looked like she grabbed onto something as she
then swung it out. A white snake-like thing came flying out from her
palm, right at me, wrapping around my body that was about to charge
in.

The whip I thought flew far away was actually at the ceiling above
the court. It had been dangling there while our blades were clashed.

As I realized this, I fell backwards as the back of my head
slammed into the floor.

I blankly stared at the stars that appeared in my sight, and
seemed to sense a deep sigh ‘haa’ coming from my forehead.

207

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 2
The Norlangarth Imperia, no the largest city in the Human World
«Centoria» was a fortified city surrounded by a circular wall 10km in
diameter... or in terms of the units in this world, KiloMel.

The first level of the floating city of Aincrad that didn’t exist at
this point just happened to be a circle 10km in diameter too. In other
words, these two large areas are exactly the same, whether it was in
terms of area or shape. This city had a size that was inexplicable for a
city in the virtual world, and the population here was over 20,000.

Also, this city had a rather unique structure. The sturdy city walls
that meet in an X intersection divided the streets into 4 areas. To put it
in another perspective, this 4 walls that intersect at right angles
formed a fan shape as they gathered. What was most shocking was that
these four cities were all called «North Centoria», «East Centoria»,
«West Centoria» and «South Centoria», the capitals of the 4 Empires
that ruled the vast Human World.
In other words— the capitals of the 4 Great Imperials that owned
this parcel of land that’s divided in a fan-shape like area are all in the
middle of this Human World, all separated by a mere wall.

I was shocked once I realized this. In a capital, the king and the
main army, the Knights’ Headquarters would definitely be there.
Wouldn’t there be a final battle started immediately if a war breaks out?
— I nearly said these words to Eugeo, but managed to stop myself
before I could. In this world, where thieving, let alone killing wouldn’t

208

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

happen at all, it would be impossible for wars to happen between the
Empires.

Even though there would be a need for an identification
handprint when we cross the large marble wall —seemed like it was
called the «Immortal Wall»— the border, but on a closer look, the
North Centoria we’re in had quite a few black-haired Eastern Empire
people, tanned Southern Empire people and skinny Western people
who were merchants and tourists. They were all foreigners, but I didn’t
know if it was because they were able to communicate perfectly
through languages (though there were some accents) as it seemed that
they wouldn’t have any disputes between them.

I couldn’t even feel the animosity against other countries, let
alone war. The reason why it became like this was definitely because of
the pure white tower that was standing at the center of the Capital, the
center of the Human World.
The Axiom Church’s Centoria Cathedral.

The top always looked to be shrouded, seemingly melted within
the sky, so I could not see exactly how many hundred meters tall it was.
It probably looked very majestic when viewed from the bottom, but the
squarish Church ground was surrounded by the tall walls as well, so it
would be impossible to peek inside. The «Immortal Wall» that stood in
the center of the streets of Centoria was connected tightly to the four
corners of the white Cathedral walls... or rather, it would be more
appropriate to say that the walls were extended out from the Cathedral.

On a side note, this Immortal Wall not only covered the streets of
Centoria. It also reaches through the city walls, extends out through the
grasslands, forests, deserts, until it reached the bottom of the endless
«Mountain Range at the Edge», 750km away. Naturally, this world did

209

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

not have some form of construction machinery or something like that,
so it was scary imagining exactly how much time and manpower was
required to build this wall.

That meant that the authority of the Axiom Church was absolute.

This magnificent tower, this castle, where one could see the 4
Empires the Kings lived in from above, stood in the middle of the
Human World. Perhaps, in this kind of absolute difference, in this
Underworld, the designation between people of different countries
were about the same as the «residents of Tokyo» and «residents of
Saitama» to me— that was the feeling I had.

Then, exactly what was the need to divide the Human World that
did not have even 100,000 people into 4 Countries? My mind had this
question, and up till now, I still didn’t get the answer. At the same time,
I had no idea why there was the existence of the Axiom Church that
existed above the countries?

In the Axiom Church, there were civil officers like «priests» and
«patriarchs», and also military officers called the «Integrity Knight»,
but there weren’t a lot of them. It seemed that there were less than 100
of them. Rina-sempai told me this before. In contrast, the total number
of knights and soldiers in the 4 Empires totaled to around 2000 people.
However, there were no records of the kings rebelling against the
Church before... Was this because even the kings couldn’t go against
the Church and the Taboo Index? Or that several Integrity Knights
were still stronger than the army of 2000? Or is it a combination of
both—?
The majesty of the Centoria Cathedral that grew into the sky
could be seen anywhere in the campus of the Master Arts Academy.
Once I ended my final practice-in-name with Rina-sempai, I walked out

210

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

of the elite swordsmen dorm quickly, through this still slightly cold
spring evening, and looked up at the large white tower that was dyed
orange and blue afar.

At this point, is the observer, who’s standing on the roof of that
tower, looking down at this Human World, someone from the real
world like me? Or is he too a person of Underworld, an Artificial
Fluctlight? Even if our plan could be carried out successfully, it will
take another year and a half for me to find the answer to this problem.
Of course, if the acceleration of 1000 times occurred without a hitch,
only 10 hours would have passed in reality, but this amount of time
was really too long from my perspective.

It had been 2 years since I awoke in the forest near Rulid village.
During these two years, I had been hounded with countless sleepless
nights that caused me to tremble, by the anxiety over the lack of grasp
on the situation and the yearning to meet Asuna, Suguha, my parents
and my friends.

But at the same time— I had a bit of fear about finding the «exit»
at the top of the Cathedral. Once I logged out from this world, it would
mean that I would be saying goodbye to the many people in this world.
Selka and the other children I had not met for a long time, the few
friends I made at school, Solterina-sempai who had been watching over
me and trained me as her valet for this past year, and naturally, my one
and only «partner» Eugeo.

Ever since a long time ago, I couldn’t treat them as simple AIs.
Other than the small difference of being in a different soul medium,
they were humans like me too. We spent 2 years moving from Rulid to
Zakkaria, and finally to Centoria, and I had a firm belief of this during
this time.

211

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

No, it wasn’t just a simple love of friendship with Eugeo and the rest.
To this inexplicably wide and beautiful world, I...
I cut off my thoughts at this point, took a deep breath, and buried
it deep within me.

I looked up at where I was headed, and an old looking building
appeared in my sights. The stone building was 2 storeys tall, and the
roof had green slate tiles laid. This was the dormitory where the 120
trainees of the Centoria Master Swords Academy live in.

If possible, I really wanted to leap into the roof of the second level
to get back into my room to reduce the hassle, but according to the
rules of the dormitory, I couldn’t do so. Unlike the elite swordsmen
dorm that looked rather relaxed, this novice swordsman dorm and the
intermediate trainee dorm that was located slightly far away had strict
rules similar to the Knights of Blood in the old SAO.

I made my mind and walked up the stone steps at the front
entrance, being ever cautious as I pushed aside the doors of the dorm. I
tentatively stepped into the entrance lobby, took 1, 2 steps in— and
suddenly, there was a slight cough from the right side. Nerve-wracked,
I turned over to look at the source of the voice, and exchanged looks
with the woman sitting behind the counter. The tea colored hair was
tied up properly, and her appearance was literally the embodiment of
the term ‘stern’. She was on the older side of 25 here.

I put my left arm as close to my waist as possible, put my right fist
on the left side of my chest, gave a ‘Knight’s Salute’, and loudly declared,

“NOVICE TRAINEE KIRITO HAS RETURNED BACK TO THE DORM!”

“...But it seemed that you were later than the specified time by 38
minutes.”

212

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Watches didn’t exist in this world, so humans could only check
the time through the chimes of the «Bells of Time-Telling» located all
over the city, including the Academy every 30 minutes. Normally, one
would require a specialized high level spell to accurately tell the time,
but for some reason, she— Miss Azurika, the dorm supervisor, seemed
to be using some outside system skill or something else to know that
the time was 5.38pm.
I kept my Knight’s salute, lowered my voice by quite a bit, and
answered,

“That’s because I received extended teachings and practical tips
from my mentor, elite swordsman Celulute.”

On hearing these words, Sister Azurika stared at me with her
blueish-grey eyes. Whether it was the stern presence that surrounded
her or the seemingly familiar name, I was reminded of a certain person.
I once thought of asking her before I leave “Do you have a relative in
the North called Sister Azariya?”, but unfortunately, I didn’t have the
chance to do so. Whenever I talked to her, I would most likely get a
reminder or a warning, like now,

“...It can’t be helped since a valet trainee’s duty is to accept the
guidance of a swordsman. But Novice Trainee Kirito, perhaps you
never used it as a duty, but an excuse for coming home late... You never
cleared this suspicion throughout this past you.”

On hearing this, I moved away from my Knight’s salute, put my
right hand behind my head, stretched my muscles and forced a smile,

“You-You really like to joke around, Miss Azurika. My aim is only
in improving my sword skills, you know? Coming back late is just a side
effect. I never intended on it being my main motive, definitely not!’
213

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“I see. So you spent a year working so hard until you broke the
curfew limit. Looks like you might have trained yourself to such a
refined extent. If you really want to see the results of your training, I’ll
be really glad to be your sparring partner, you know?”
“Hukk.” I froze again the moment I heard this.

Miss Azarika’s Sacred Task was to be the ‘North Centoria Master
Swords Academy, Novice Trainee Dorm Supervisor’, and not as a
swordsmanship instructor. However, the adults in this Academy were
basically all graduates here, so in other words, their proficiency in
sword skills weren’t ordinary. Every single student here knew that
students who didn’t break the rules, but did something against them,
would be given a horrifying special remedial by her, a Nolgea-style
user.

Then, what would happen if there were students who broke the
rules— Luckily, such things would not happen. The people living in this
world, the Artificial Fluctlights had a unique trait of ‘being unable to
resist a superior rule’. There was only one exception, me, someone of a
different Fluctlight medium.
On thinking about it, it had been a miracle that I never broke the
school rules during this past year once before. I swallowed this thought
that I had nearly spat out, and shook my head hard.

“No, why would I dare to bother you, Azurika-sensei? I just
finished my first year of training.”

“Really? Then, let me see the results of your training once you
finish your second year course.”
“...Yes, definitely.”

214

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I had to lower my head and pray earnestly that she would forget
about this during the next year as I took a step back. Miss Azarika
finally turned her eyes back onto the document in her hands and said,
“It’ll be dinner time in 17 minutes. Try not to be late.”
“Ye-Yes! Please excuse me!”

I finally bowed, quickly turned around, and dashed up the large
stairs on the front side at the maximum speed allowed. Eugeo and I live
in the room 206 on the second level. There were 10 people living in the
room, but the other 8 guys were all somewhat good guys. Room 106,
where the girls live, and this room 206 were all students with
commoner background. The remaining 100 people were all children of
nobility and rich merchants. This was to prevent some awkward
interactions in the room... and some reasons like this. I fluidly avoided
the students who were chatting and laughing away on the corridor as
they head towards the cafeteria, opened the door on the far end of the
west side, and the moment I walked into the room—
“You’re so slow, Kirito!”
A voice greeted me.

Naturally, the one who spoke was the partner sitting on the
second last bed on the right...no, the partner who had stood up, Eugeo.

The body that stood up as he put his hands on his hips was about
3cm taller than 2 years ago, and the physique was a lot sturdier. This
was to be expected, since he turned 19 this year— However, that
gentle face and the glint in those green eyes never changed at all ever
since the time I first met him. During the two years, there were many
unhappy things that happened, whether it was during the latter half of
the first year in the Zakkaria guards squadron, and the second year

215

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

when we were learning in this Academy, but that steadfast and upright
soul of his never showed a single moment of twistedness.

In contrast, if we’re talking about me, I never changed personally,
but the scary thing was that my physique had changed just like my
partner. I got taller, and my muscles got firmer. I was 17 when I fell
into this world. In other words, that meant that there had been a 2 year
time difference between me in the real world and me in the
Underworld.
After I spent 2 years in SAO before escaping, I went through a
rather distinct discomfort, but as I looked at things at this point, it
seemed that I might had to spend 3—4 years before getting out... as I
continued thinking about such things in a corner of my mind, I walked
towards my partner, made a ‘sorry’ hand gesture with my right hand,
and then spoke up,
“Sorry for making you wait. My training with Rina-sempai this
time was extra long...”

“...Well, it’s the last time today, so it’s not like I don’t understand.”

Eugeo glanced at me as he said. After that, he suddenly showed a
slight smile.
“But in fact, I too was late by 12 minutes. I got too engrossed in
talking with Golgosso-sempai while in his room.”

“What, so you were just upstairs... But that’s kinda unexpected. I
thought Gosso-sempai would definitely be someone who would use
swords to give his final teachings.”

I walked by Eugeo, got to the innermost bed that was near the
wall and built together with a desk, and put my gloves, elbow pads and
knee pads into the drawer. If this were the real world, the protective

216

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

gear for kendo would soon give a disgusting odor if I left it like this, but
there wasn’t a need to worry about such a thing when bacteria didn’t
exist in this world. The uniform that was thoroughly soaked in sweat
due to practice just now dried up unknowingly — even though Rinasempai never sweated at all right from the beginning till the end.

After finally freeing myself from the weight, I lifted my head, and
Eugeo gave a wry smile as he answered.

“You shouldn’t view Gosso-sempai that way, he actually focuses a
lot on theory too... No, it’s not right to say that. He said that the mental
and aesthetic aspects are important too...”

“Ahh, I can understand that. The Valto style that guy uses feels
like it focuses more on one-hit-beatdown compared to the Nolgea style.”
“That’s right. The basis of our Aincrad style is to respond at
critical moments. However, sempai often told me, ‘Sometimes,
swordsmen have to stake everything on their firm unshakeable
momentum to let out a huge hit!’ ...I guess this would be the last of the
loose ends for today.”

“I see. That might truly be the case. Now that you mention it, I did
feel that your sword moves had become heavier recently... But if I say it,
what about me if I combine the Aincrad-style where I have to respond
at the crucial moments and the ever changing Celulute-style?”
—Both of us walked out of the room as we exchanged this
conversation.

It seemed like the other 8 people from our room already left for
the cafeteria since we couldn’t see them in the corridor. In this dorm,
the only rule about dinner would be that we had to finish our meals
before 7pm, so we could reach there slightly later than 6, but we would

217

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

get into trouble if we miss the prayer before dinnertime. To the other
students who were of noble birth, we’re just ‘arrogant guys who’re of
mere common birth, yet chosen to be one of the 12 valets’.

We accelerated into the maximum battle speed and headed to the
large cafeteria on the Eastern-most side. It was no mere coincidence
that the commoner students’ rooms were located the furthest from the
cafeteria. I heard that the elite swordsmen trainee’s dorms were
similarly the furthest for commoners, but in April, we won’t have to
take this long road— I guess. That’s because we were the top 12
students during the promotion exam at the end of the month, and our
future roles as elite swordsmen trainees were confirmed.
At this moment, it seemed that Eugeo was thinking about the
same thing as he softly spoke,

left.”

“...There are not many days to ‘walk quickly down the corridor’

“Ahh, compared to here, the elite swordsmen trainee dorm is
complete freedom... But Eugeo, there’s something I’m still not used to
regarding the life of an elite swordsman trainee...”

“I know without you telling me the specifics. It’s about having a
valet trainee, right?”

“Nice answer. I am happy that I got to help Rina-sempai do things
and accept her guidance... But if I stand in the position of a sempai...”

“Yeah... I don’t know what will happen if a noble child becomes a
valet...”
Both of us let out a long sigh.

218

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

At this moment, we finally finished walking down the long
corridor. We pushed aside the door in front of us, and the buzzing
atmosphere rushed out from within, surrounding us. The cafeteria
occupied both the first and second level, and was the only common
facility the guys and girls would use together. Most of the guys, who
formed the majority of the 120 students, were sitting together at their
tables, and the same goes for the girls, but at the middle, there were
some highly skilled people of both genders chatting away and laughing.
In that sense, there’s not too much of a difference as compared to the
real world.

Eugeo and I hurriedly walked down the stairs, took the trays that
had dinner served from the counter, and went to an empty table in a
corner. Then, the 6 o’clock bell rang. Seems like we weren’t late. I
heaved a slight sigh of relief.

The male student (naturally, a high ranked noble) who was the
dorm master stood up and offered a prayer to the Axiom Church. All
the students then called in unison «Awai Ardmina». I had no idea what
these words were about at all. Finally, it was time to eat.

The dinner menu tonight was deep fried whitefish with vanilla
sauce, salad, root vegetable soup and two buns. These weren’t much
different from the meals prepared by the Church in Rulid Village and
the Zakkaria farm, so it was really surprising to see a school with a
large number of nobles serving such wild food, but they didn’t show
any displeasure as they naturally tucked in.

That was because, even though they were nobles, their lifestyles
were unexpectedly simple— or not. It seemed that the unique «Space
Resource» in Underworld was the reason for this. To emphasize on this,
there’s the system, ‘a limit to how many objects can be produced in a
certain amount of area’. That meant that they could only obtain a
219

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

certain amount of crops, livestock, wild animals and fish during a
certain amount of time, and the limit couldn’t be broken through.

If the nobles hoarded a large amount of food, there will be some
amongst the civilians who would starve to death. Their Life will be
reduced. This was something the Taboo Index forbade, ‘that other
people’s Life was not to be reduced without a valid reason’, and even
nobles or the kings couldn’t do so. Thus, in this way, the insistence of
having this kind of food is related to maintaining Life, and hoarding
food was forbidden ever since the beginning... or so it seemed to be the
case.”
But even if we say that they weren’t demanding for food to be
luxurious, it didn’t mean that the nobles were all nice people.
“...That’s really inspirationally envying, Lord Raios!”

The moment we inadvertently heard such words from behind us,
Eugeo and I showed irritated looks.

“We spent so much toil and sweat cleaning the cafeteria, but some
people just needed to come in leisurely and have their food. Isn’t that
really envious?”
Another voice said this line that was obviously meant for others
to hear,

220

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Well, don’t say that, Wanbell. The Valet Trainees must be
working hard in areas we can’t see as well.”

“Kuku, that’s true. I heard that valet trainees have to follow
whatever their mentors tell them.”

“If, we end up meeting some mentor of common background or
some forbidden background, we won’t know what we’ll be forced to
do.”

We’ll end up caught in their taunt if we reacted. That was why I
merely turned my back on them and concentrated on moving my fork.
But even though I managed to contain my outburst, I couldn’t hold
back my rage inside. If it were just Eugeo and me, fine, but their
‘common background’ here would refer to Eugeo’s mentor, Golgossosempai, and the one with a ‘forbidden’ background would refer to my
mentor, Solterina-sempai.

Also, their patterns of finding trouble with us weren’t just limited
to them. They had been trying to taunt us right from the beginning
when they first said that ‘some people just needed to come in leisurely’.
Even though there were many other valet trainees here beside Eugeo
and me, we were the only ones who came in just when it was about
time for dinner. In other words, these taunts were already targeted at
us.
We met several annoying guys in Zakkaria town before. During
the Swordsmanship tournament, that Egome Zakkalight I fought had
quite the standard in terms of being snobbish, but the way guys against
us in this Academy twist their words really impressed me. This was
one of the reasons why the idea that ‘the residents in this world are all
Artificial Fluctlights, AIs’ was completely erased from my mind, and
maybe it was because of the rich vocabulary they had.

221

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“...Either way, just hang on for a few days.”

The one who spoke up softly was Eugeo, sitting beside me and
tearing the bread.

These words had the meaning of ‘we’re about to become trainee
swordsmen, we’re going to different dorms from those guys’. To Eugeo,
this might be some competitive words, but of course, these weren’t
baseless thoughts.

Amongst the 120 Novice Trainees, only 12 would become «Valet
Trainees», and they were all chosen by the 12 «Elite Swordsmen»
second years from the top freshmen.

Once someone became a valet, there would be no need for them
to clean the dorm or repair their equipment. However, after school, the
valet had to head to the swordsman trainee rooms, their mentors’
rooms, clean their rooms, serve them personally, and act as their
sparring opponents.

None of the two who were saying these sarcastic words were
named to be valets, which meant that they had worse grades than
Eugeo and I during enrollment. During this one year, they had been
fluctuating between the 20s and 30s, so it wasn’t unreasonable for
Eugeo to predict that they wouldn’t be swordsmen trainees.
...But in fact, what was going on...?

I continued to mutter to myself deep within my mind as I raised
my dinner knife, staring at the figures behind me that were reflected
off the shiny silver blade.

The two guys that were sitting at a table slightly far away were
continuing with their sarcastic conversation as they continued to look
over. The one sitting on the left had grey hair combed behind, covering

222

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

223

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

the back of the head was called Wanbell Jezeku, and he should be a 4th
class noble’s kid. On the right, the student with his wavy blond hair tied
behind was the eldest son of a certain 3rd class noble’s son called
Rainos Antinos. In this Academy, first class noble students didn’t exist
(it seemed that they could already hire a personal teacher and thus be
their student at that point), and those of second class noble birth were
Uolo Levanteinn and some others. Thus, 3rd class nobles were a rather
respected group here.

However, not all high ranked noble students were like that. I
didn’t actually interact much with them, but Chairman Uolo was
always a very silent warrior, and Rina-sempai, who was from a 3rd
class noble family just like Rainos, was completely upright and civilized.
In any case, Rainos and Wanbell were completely of the ‘young
lords who were all talk and no bite’ kind of people... But is that really all
to them? I had been wondering. I didn’t know whether it was lucky of
me or not, but I never had anything to say to time as I never fought
them before, but there’s a possibility that they were taking it easy
during the periodic exams every 3 months... Even during the entrance
exams.

Naturally, the reason why they did this is of course, due to the fact
that the top 12 students would all be chosen to be the valets to the elite
swordsmen trainee. In this Academy, this would naturally be an
honorable thing, but to Rainos and the rest who undoubtedly were the
most proud in school, it might be possible for them to push their rank
down as they hated being asked by their mentors to do this and that.
Of course, this was some baseless guess, but in actual practice, I
felt a chilling pressure after I saw their «styles» I felt that absolute selfconceitedness only those high ranked nobles would have, and the
imaginable power that came from within.

224

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“...Oi Kirito, the plate’s empty.”

Eugeo jabbed me with an elbow, and I finally noticed it. I had
been using the fork in my left hand to poke at the empty salad bowl
that was already empty. I hurriedly put down the knife in my right
hand and intended to slice the fried fish, but found that the fried fish
had already disappeared unknowingly. It seemed that I was too
focused on Rainos’ group and didn’t have time to enjoy the dinner time,
the second moment when I was happiest. Hadn’t I been baited by
them?
And also, the thing that made me most happy, the training time
with Rina-sempai ended today—...

No, not yet. My job as a valet ended officially today, but tomorrow,
during the rest day, there’s an important promise; The promise to show
off my sword skills.
I finally remembered something important, put down my fork
and knife, and brought my face over to Eugeo,

“Listen to me, Eugeo. I have something I want to say to you later.
After dinner, come over to the courtyard with me.”
“I see, okay. I was wondering how your ‘flower garden’ is doing
now, Kirito.”

“Fufu, it’s doing well. Definitely able to make it in time for the
graduation ceremony.”
“Heh, looking forward to it.”

Once we ended our whisper, we took our trays and got up. We
went by Rainos’ group that was still yapping away, leaving them
225

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

behind, and we hurried ourselves as our noses were nearly numbed by
the heavy animal-like fragrance they applied on themselves.

Once we returned our utensils to the counter, we walked out of
the cafeteria and breathed hard at the same time.

The bell that rang a few minutes ago rang again, so right now, the
time is just past 6.30pm. It’s free time from now till 10pm, but we
couldn’t leave the dorm, and at 8pm, we had to return to our rooms.
Thus, we could only carry out training or study during this time— But
there was one more piece of homework I had to do after dinner
everyday.
On the west side of the dorm (opposite to the cafeteria), there
was a small door, and there was a small garden outside. The garden
was surrounded by tall metal fences, and though there was no roof, it
was still considered within the dorm.

The squarish garden was divided into 4 blocks of flower beds.
Each flower bed had different plants, were sprouting, or were
blooming. Some students were assigned to maintain these flowers, but
these flowers were not simply used for viewing. These 4 kinds of
flowers were catalyst materials used for Sacred Arts lessons. The
flowers were planted every 3 months, so fruits could be cultivated all
year. Once the dried fruits were crushed by the fingers, the Sacred
power would be released from within, and the students use this Sacred
power as a resource for Spell practice.

Of course, the Earth and the Sun continued to provide resources,
but the Earth’s power in the city was weak, and the Sun would be
affected by the weather as well. There was a need for energy in forms
other than Space Sacred Arts so that the 120 students every year could
use their spells without being affected.

226

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Like how it was in spring at this point, the flowers that bloomed
this season were the blue Anemones on the North East side. It seemed
to be of high priority like the Marigolds in Summer, the Dahlias in
Autumn and Cattleya in Winter... In other words, they were flowers
that gave the most resources.
During the approximate 380 years Underworld existed, the
lifeforms all had their unique changes, but they continued to remain
the same as the kind in the real world. I could understand importance
of these plants, but I wasn’t very sure whether they were the same as
how it was in real life at all.

Once these flowers wilted, they would bear ball-shaped fruit.
Once someone used the fingertips to crush them, the green light
(Sacred Power) would float out... So this didn’t look like it had anything
to do with real life.

During the Sacred Arts lessons, the teacher mentioned before that
besides the «4 Great Holy Flowers», there was a miraculous plant
called «Rose» that gave ample resources and would bear fruit several
times every year. The civilians, and even the nobles and kings weren’t
allowed to plant them. If one wanted to see them, they had to head to
the rare spots where they grow in mountains. Once I heard that, I
realized that I never saw a real rose ever since I came into this world.
In that case, there was a valid right for it to be used as the sign of a
Sacred Tool.
I continued to stare and enjoy watching the beautiful Anemones
as I immediately went through the cross-shaped pathway and headed
west. There was a large metal shed at the end, and the shovels, hose
and other gardening equipment were placed in there neatly.

227

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

At a reclusive spot in the shed, there was a small flower pot.
Eugeo and I squat down in front of it.
“Really, its growing well. Isn’t it bearing fruit here?”

I nodded deeply once I heard my partner’s words,

“Failed 3 times already. It will be great if it can bloom this time...”

What we grew in the flower pot was a plant with sharp leaves and
was almost completely blue. Its name was Zephyria, and I guessed it
was a rare plant in Underworld. It wouldn’t release much resources,
but it had a shocking amount of beauty...at least it looked that way. As
for why it was like that? That was because Eugeo and I and everyone in
the Norlangarth Empire had never seen a real Zephyria before.

This Zephyria flower was a plant grown on the other side of the
«Immortal Wall», a plant from the «Wesdarath Empire». No one’s
growing this as a plant this North Empire, let alone it being born here.

There are trades between the empires, though they aren’t major,
so it shouldn’t be surprising to see flowers and anything related to
planting. However, this wasn’t the case. The reason was that there was
no such Sacred Task like a «Flower Merchant», and the reason why it
didn’t exist was that ‘flowers that can’t be eaten should just be planted
out of personal interest. It’s a waste of Sacred Power to sell it’. There
exist ‘herb merchants’, and they would plant seeds in the farms, but
only the 4 Sacred seeds. The world revolves around making use of this
ideology effectively.
Then, where did I get this pot of Zephyria flowers from—?

“I believe this is the last batch of seeds you got, right, Kirito?”
I nodded once I heard Eugeo’s question.

228

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Ahh, this is the last... final chance. The uncle from the spice shop
said that the next supply will come next Autumn.”

—Yes, even if no one sells flowers, there will be people selling
seeds. When Zephyria seeds are grounded into powder, they would let
out a fragrance vanilla-like sweet smell. Thus, a few seeds would be
imported from the West empire as a spice for some desserts... this was
something I caught wind of last Autumn.
At that time, I basically never did use my money, the salary I
earned as a Zakkaria guard, so I bought as much as I could from the
spice merchant —however, he had only a small bag of seeds— and
tried to let them grow.
There were two reasons why I suddenly had an interest in
gardening.

First, this was an experiment on this thing that’s hidden deep
within this world, this «Imagine System» I named.

The Spice Merchant uncle told me that Zephyria flowers definitely
would not be able to grow in Norlangarth grounds. I thought of using
the soil from the West Empire to grow it, and even ran all the way to
the borders of the Central suburbs and dug some soil. However, the
first seed I put in never grew, and soon, the Life dropped to zero as it
disappeared in the flower pot. However, this wasn’t designated by the
people in the real world who designed and operated this Underworld.
This flower was different from Anemones and Cattleyas and the like; it
doesn’t exist in the real world.
Then, why would Zephyria flowers grow in the West Empire, but
not in the North Empire?

229

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

That’s definitely because— the people in this world firmly
believed so. The imagination which the residents called fettered
knowledge caused the parameters of the «Zephyria» in the main
memory to become like that. Then, if, if I had an imagination that was
10 times stronger than the «Common sense of the residents» and
gathered them on these dozens of seeds, would I be able to rewrite the
parameters, even if it was for just a while...?
Using one’s own power to overcome many thousand people’s
worth of imagination may sound really frivolous, but in fact, what
would happen?

What I wanted to challenge was the old-fashioned common
knowledge that had been spreading down through word of mouth ever
since many hundred years ago. In today’s Underworld, not a lot of
people would be thinking Zephyria can only grow in the West
Empire!...or maybe there might not even be one. In other words, the
parameters of the Zephyria in the main memory didn’t have a really
powerful shackle.

Then, if I continued to repeat this every day, if I gather my
imagination on them... No, if I prayed for them to bloom every day,
wouldn’t it be possible for me to overcome that old-fashioned common
sense?

Having considered this, I started watering these flowers since last
Autumn with water and imagination.

At first, it failed, and I failed the second time. But on the third time,
the seed sprouted by about 5mm. It was about to wilt, but this was
already a result of breaking through the ‘impossible’. I dumped of all
the remaining seeds in this fourth experiment, and would come over
here every day, before I go for classes in the morning, and after dinner,
230

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

and muttered to them while gathering more concentration than before,
saying “You definitely must sprout, grow and bear beautiful flowers.”

Recently, if I muttered such things to them, I would occasionally
see a faint glow from the tender sprout. No matter what, this should be
my eyes...or my consciousness playing tricks on me, but I believed that
that the 23 sprouts I see in this flower pot would definitely bear
beautiful flowers.
“Here, Kirito. I got the water.”

“...Ah, so sorry.”

It seemed that Eugeo helped me fill up the watering can while I
was squatting down in front of the flower pot here. I thanked him,
received the watering can, and my partner smiled and me as he said,

“But speaking of which, Kirito, we have been together for two
years, but I didn’t know you had such an interest.”
“Yeah well, actually, I actually don’t know why...”

This was just a random answer, and there wasn’t any deep
meaning behind it. However, Eugeo changed expressions as he went
closer to me, before saying,

“Nope, this is a sign that you’re recovering your memories. You
probably grew flowers at home before you appeared in Rulid, Kirito...
Or maybe your original Sacred Task was something like that or so.”

On hearing that, I couldn’t help but stare at my partner’s face
blankly. I then hurriedly cleared my throat and said,

“I-I see...why then? I have no knowledge on plants at all. All I did
was to learn from the pruner Miller and the rest.”
231

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I basically nearly forgot all about it, but I was a «Lost Child of
Vector»... A human who had his memories taken from the Dark God
Vector and thrown into a land far away from a village. In the Academy,
my birthplace profile was recorded as Rulid, so Eugeo was the only
student here who knew of my ‘designation’. Also, he had never
mentioned anything about my memories to me recently, so I thought
he didn’t mind anymore— but it didn’t seem to be like that.

On hearing my answer, Eugeo nodded slightly, but didn’t continue
as he turned his stare to the flower pot,
“Alright, hurry up and water it. They’re telling us to hurry up.”

“Oh, so you can hear them speak now, Eugeo-kun?”

“Of course, I’ve been taking care of them with Kirito-kun.”

That’s all for jokes as I got ready in front of the flower pot and
started muttering in my heart.

...The pot is rather small, but it’s your country. Nothing can
threaten you. You have to bask in the sunlight, take in the water and
open up your moving flowers.

I let this imagination of mine enter the water in the watering can,
and swayed my right hand slightly. The water droplets landed on the
slightly blue thin stem and leaves of the Zephyria, moisturizing it,
flowed down and disappeared in the black dirt.

At this moment, I seemed to see a warm glow surrounding the 23
stalks.
Is it an imagination like before? Or— as I thought about this, I
turned to look at Eugeo beside me, but he seemed to have his eyes

232

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

closed and didn’t notice this. As I turned my gaze back to the flower pot,
the white light disappeared without a trace.
I was really sorry to Eugeo, who was doing this with me for the
sake of my interest (an excuse for an experiment), but I never told him
that this was a Zephyria flower. He thought this was just some
unknown seeds I got from the market.

The reason why I didn’t tell him the truth was that if I told him,
Eugeo’s common sense would have eroded my imagination. The aim of
my experiment wasn’t to fight in a battle of wills against my partner,
and this was definitely not my personal wish. To be honest, I was
always afraid that when we have sparring exams between elite
swordsmen trainees, I would have to face Eugeo...
“...Hey, Kirito.”

Suddenly, I was called by Eugeo, who widened his eyes. I
instinctively turned around to look, but, though this naturally wasn’t a
voice in my mind, what Eugeo said next was completely out of my
expectations,
“Kirito, if you gain all your memories, what will you do after
that...?”
“Eh...? What should I do? What do you mean?”

“You see, Kirito, you’re working hard, learning to be a swordsman
in this Academy... and finally become an Integrity Knight. You just need
to accompany me to finish my goal, isn’t that right? My aim is to get to
Alice, who was taken by the Axiom Church 8 years ago, but... If you
recovered your memories and think of your hometown...”
...You’ll definitely want to go back, right?

233

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Eugeo didn’t say it out as he asked me with his eyes instead.

Do I want to go back to my hometown? —Naturally, my answer
would be ‘yes’. However, my hometown isn’t anywhere in Underworld.
The one place that had my house, where everyone’s waiting for me, is a
country called Japan in the real world, outside this world.

If I want to log out from here, I have to find the System Admin or
the System Console or something like that. And if I have to guess where
such things would be, that would be the Central department of the
Axiom Church Centoria Cathedral. Thus, I had a different reason for
becoming an Integrity Knight as compared to Eugeo.
I endured the urge to tell off my partner, no, my good friend,
kindly; moved the empty bottle to his left hand and patted on his back
with my empty right hand. I put my hand on his back and silently
spoke up,

“...No, even if I really regain my memories, I won’t go back. I
definitely feel that I was once a «Swordsman» from where I came
from... Even if I had an interest like planting flower, wouldn’t it be my
ultimate goal to aim for the Centoria Four Empires Unity Tournament?”
“...”

On hearing my words, Eugeo’s back let out a slight tremble.

He kept his small crouching position as he lowered his head with
the flaxen-colored hair deeply and spoke in a barely audible voice.

“...I’m, really a weak person. If I had never met you under the
Gigas Cedar, I would probably just be swinging my axe every single day.
I would only use my Sacred Task as an excuse and never think of
seriously leaving the village... and finally, forget about Alice...”
234

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Eugeo stared at the brick beside him, and said out his inner
thoughts with a teeny-weeny voice,

“...It was the same when I joined the Zakkaria guards, and the
same when I was able to come to Centoria to take part in this Master
Swords Academy. It’s because you were in front of me that I was able
to do so, Kirito. So at least... I have to be as strong as you before I
graduate, Kirito, that’s what I thought. But, when you said that you
won’t head back to your hometown even if you regained your
memories... I felt relieved for a moment...”
My hand felt a jerk.

I exerted strength into my right hand, and started muttering
silently like what I did to the flowers. You’re very strong, you’re the one
who decided to leave the village for your goal in this world that has
numerous laws, rules and all sorts of binds. I muttered.
“...I say, listen to me, I can’t possibly head to Central alone.”
As I muttered in my heart, I said this to him.

“I didn’t know the way, I couldn’t memorize the laws of the
Empire... And most importantly, I didn’t even have a single Shears. The
reason why we were able to be in the Academy like this is because both
of us had been together. It will be the same from today onwards. If we
don’t work together, we won’t be able to beat those noble young lords
and ladies and the elites of the Imperial Knights who started learning
since the moment they learned to walk. It’s not too late to work hard
alone and become an Integrity Knight.”
“...”

Even after hearing my words, Eugeo remained silent. But after a
while, he whispered back,

235

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Ahh... Ahh, that’s right. We made it all the way here until now. So
we have to get onto that white tower.”

“Yeah. For that, we have to get the top 12 in this month’s periodic
tests... Leaving aside practical skills, I really can’t understand the
Sacred Arts really well... Teach me about those suitable media that
react once we get back to the room.”
“...Haha, okay. We’ll start with the «Compressed Power»
immediately again.”
“Sort-Sorta.”

I patted Eugeo on the back and got up.

Eugeo, who got up a little later, was left with a usual calm smile.
At this moment, my partner tilted his head, and seemed to remember
something as he said,

“Speaking of which, what did you want to ask me in the canteen?”

“Eh...? Aah, ahh, yeah, I nearly forgot what I wanted to say.”

I turned my body to face him, and spoke in my usual tone,

“Eugeo, can you lend me your «Blue Rose Sword» for use
tomorrow?”
“Hmm, okay.”

Eugeo agreed in a seemingly wholehearted manner as he nodded,
and then tilted his head,

“But why? Didn’t you say that it would be better to practice with
the wooden sword because you felt that the feel would be off?”

“That’s what I said but... It’s like this. I agreed with Rina-sempai
just now that I would show her my real sword skills for the last time. I

236

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

probably could only use two consecutive hit skills with the wooden
sword.”

“Oh, so that’s how it is. In that case, you must show off the real
Aincrad-style fully. You can use the Blue Rose Sword, but...”
At this moment, Eugeo paused, and then said with a slightly
perplexed expression,
day.”

“I say, Kirito, did you forget? Tomorrow’s rest day would be that
“Eh? What about that day...”

“Oi oi, it’s the 6th of March. You were so looking forward to it.”

“...Ah, ahh, is that so? The day that thing’s finished? ...Well, it’s not
that I forgot...but I didn’t think that it would take a year....”
“Didn’t you forget anyway?”

Ahaha, Eugeo laughed, and asked me again,

“So, how about it? The Blue Rose Sword, or...”

“No, I want to use my own sword. Looks like Stacia-sama had
definitely been guiding me. You said you were willing to lend me the
sword, sorry.”

“It’s alright. Then, let’s go back to our room, alright? I’ll teach you
properly until it’s lights out.”
“...Plea-Please spare me.”

I put the watering can back in the shed and ran off to catch up
with Eugeo, who was walking out.
237

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I turned back to look at the flower pot for the last time, and saw
that at the top of the energetic sapling, the flower bud that had water
droplets on it was pointing at the night sky.

The second reason why I decided to plant the Zephyria for this
experiment— To be honest, I would hesitate whenever I thought about
it.
That’s because this reason was a little, no, rather embarrassing.

238

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 3
In Underworld, there existed a wide array of Sacred Tasks, but
amongst them, it’s basically impossible to find something that belongs
to the ‘traveler’ category.
The ‘trade merchants’ who crossed the country borders to do
sales seemed similar to ‘travelers’, but it’s a little tricky to describe
their movements as traveling. That’s because they only transported
their goods from one corner of this circular Central to another, like
from North Centoria to East Centoria, or the other way around. The
distance was only about 5km at most.

The villages on the borders seemed to be self-efficient, and
medicine or processed metal goods that they couldn’t produce were all
delivered from the closest towns by horse carriages (for example, it
would be Zakkaria for Rulid). Sacred Tasks like «Traveling
entertainer» and «Singing bard» didn’t exist, so those who wanted to
go for vacations during their free time would be obstructed by the one
rest day per week limit.

The only exception would be the «Integrity Knights» that could fly
a wyvern from Centoria to the Mountain Range at the Edge 750km, but
that Sacred Task was too unique.

Thus, the residents of Underworld basically wouldn’t move too
far. However, this didn’t mean that travelling itself was forbidden. They
would be allowed to move far away as long as they followed their
assigned Sacred Tasks like a Centoria furniture dealer moving to

239

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Zakkaria in the distant North. Besides, I myself followed the rule of this
world and even went through an entire country.
In other words, it’s all up to their personalities if they wanted to
go on a journey or not. And as for personalities, 99% of the
Underworld residents were all rather conservative.

However, it didn’t mean that there wasn’t anyone who had such a
voracious sense of adventure.
One of them was a craftsman, Satore, who opened his shop in the
7th district of North Centoria.
“Take a look at this thing!”

As the coarse voice rang, several rectangular stone slabs were
thrown right in front of Eugeo and me, letting out rattling sounds. The
black stone tablets that had a delicate texture seemed to be whetstones
from the Eastern Empire. However, right now, they were all worn
down to less than 2cm thickness, and no matter what, it looked like
they could not be used anymore.

“This black Corengan whetstone could be used for 3 years, but
that thing of yours already broke 6 of mine!”
“Is-Is that so...I-I’m really sorry...”

I continued to earnestly apologize to the shopkeeper who was
seething red as I looked around.

In this «Satore Metalcraft» shop, the metal appliances, ornaments
and even weapons were all lined up. Amongst them, the most eyecatching would be the numerous swords hung on the walls deep within
the store. Why would a mere handicraft store have swords? The first

240

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

time Eugeo and I came here, we timidly asked this fierce looking owner.
He himself gave a simple answer, “This old me wanted to be a
metalworker, so this old me made swords.”
I asked him about what the differences were between a
metalworker and a handicraftsman in this world, and unexpectedly,
the tools were the only things that were different. A metalworker uses
a furnace, an anvil and a hammer to create a product. In contrast, a
craftsman uses a chisel, a hammer and a rasp. In other words, it was
just a difference of forging and carving.

In the real world, I used two kinds of tools, an «aluminum forge»
and an «aluminum chisel» on my mountain bike, so I thought it was
somewhat the same... and so when I randomly said that ‘if they both
produce swords, it’s alright to ask a craftsman’. However, when I spoke
up, the shop owner Satore glared at me with an intense stare and said,
“Even if the same kind of metal is used, the finished product won’t be
the same”.

From the way he said this, it seemed that even if the exact same
metal slabs were used, a sword that was forged under high
temperature would have a higher priority (that Class Object number or
something) than chiseling out a sword. Because of this, Satore seemed
to be viewed as an ‘impractical fake’ when he started out making
swords.

At that time, the adventurous and young Satore was burning with
rage and motivation. He worked hard to prepare a year’s worth of
products, left his shop to his wife and apprentice, and went on a long
journey to find a material that would create a better sword by chiseling
than by forging.
241

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

But even though it was a journey, a craftsman would be unable to
gain a permit to leave the country, so he could only move up to North
Centoria. For several months, he went from town to town, village to
village, found several prospective materials but they didn’t meet his
expectations. Finally he reached a large tree that seemed to grow into
the clouds in the forest near the North border.
It was an impregnable pitch black large cedar tree that would not
be burned even if fire was lit on it, and would break the blades of axes
swung at it... of course, it was the «Demon’s Tree» Gigas Cedar.

At that time, he met the «Cutter» old man Garitta (who should be
young at that time) and became friends with him. He intended to snap
a branch off the Gigas Cedar to collect the material for the sword, so he
climbed up the tree with Garitta’s help, used a rasp to try and grind at a
branch he liked, but couldn’t even make a slight cut for 3 days and 3
nights.
Satore broke down in tears as he gave up his thoughts, and told
old man Garitta to notify him if this tree was cut down one day. At that
time, he would definitely come back to this forest to get this branch.
Old man Garitta fulfilled Satore’s wish in a slightly different
manner.

Last March, when we finally reached the destination of our long
journey, North Centoria, we followed old man Garitta’s words and
visited Satore’s metalwork shop. Satore was speechless for 3 minutes
when he saw the branch presented to him. He spent 5 minutes
inspecting it, and then said,

—Give me a year. One year later, this branch will become an
unbelievable sword.

242

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

—So unbelievable that the Integrity Knights’ divine tools will not
be able to match it.

And then, after a year— on the day, Human World Calendar Year
380, 7th of March, today, the owner greeted Eugeo and me, who visited
this handicrafts shop, with a seething red expression.
“The-Then... Is-Is the sword finished?”

I timidly interrupted Satore’s seemingly endless complaints as I
asked.

Shut up. The shop owner who stared directly at me with his grey
beard let out a snort and bent down. Satore took out a long and narrow
clothed package from under the counter with both hands, exerted force
from his sturdy body and used his strength to lift the clothed bag.
*GONK!* The cloth package let out a blunt sound as it laid on the
counter. The shopkeeper didn’t let go of it immediately.

He let the clothed package lie on his right hand, used his left hand
to stroke his beard, and spoke,
“Young man, I still haven’t talked about the payment.”
“Ugh.”

I was speechless. The Master Swords Academy is run by the
country, so school fees were exempted. But during this time, I had been
spending money on food or other stuff during my rest days, so I used
up quite a lot of money I saved up in the Zakkaria guard squadrons. In
this time, the fees for the sword (not to mention 1 year’s worth of labor
and 6 high class whetstones) didn’t seem to be small here.
“...No worries, Kirito. I brought all my money here just in case.”

243

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I was really grateful for Eugeo’s soft words behind me, but for
some reason, I had a very bad feeling about it.

If, just if, our total fortune still wasn’t enough to pay for this...
would we be breaking the Taboo Index? Will the police, no, the
Integrity Knights immediately come flying over to capture us and send
us to jail...?
“—It’s not like I can’t charge you nothing.”

After a long while, Satore finally said these words, so Eugeo and I
had the urge to heave a long sigh of relief. However, right before that,
he continued “But”,

“...But, young man, you have to be able to wield this monster. This
thing and the materials themselves were really heavy, and it looks like
you have some ability to carry it all the way from the North to
Centoria... but leaving aside that, this thing might have become heavier
once it became a sword. Metalworkers and craftsmen are all protected
by God Terraria, so no matter how outstanding a sword is, there should
be no problems moving it... but even this old me could only lift it by 1
Mel even after giving it all I got.”
“...A monster, huh?”

I muttered these words as I lowered my head to look at the
clothed package.

Even with a very thick piece of sackcloth surrounding it, I could
feel an existence that could distort space emitting from it. For some
reason, I couldn’t move towards this thing that seemed to me tempting
me... or maybe it was my body being magnetized by it as I hesitated.

2 years ago, Eugeo and I embarked on our journey south in the
midst of a resounding fanfare.

244

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Eugeo had the Blue Rose Sword, which was kept in the drawer
underneath the novice trainee dorm bed, strapped on his waist, and I
had the pitch black tree branch I cut down from the Gigas Cedar. Old
man Garitta directed me to ask the craftsman Satore to refine it, but for
that moment, I was controlled by the urge whether or not I should bury
it deep within the forest.
Even till now, I still couldn’t understand why. Logically, it would
be more convenient for two swordsmen to each have swords instead of
having to share one between them, and much more natural. Thus, I
should be happy that there was a way to create a sword that rivaled
the Blue Rose Sword instead of fearing it.
I shook off this slight premonition with my sense of logic as I
brought the Gigas Cedar branch to Centoria and handed it over to
Satore.

And then, on this day, a year later, the branch finally became the
form of a sword, waiting for me to make first contact with it under the
sackcloth.

I took a deep breath, sighed out for a long while, and reached out
my left hand. I grabbed it together with the cloth and lifted it from the
counter. The high density of the thick and heavy feeling reached me,
and the weight seemed to be similar to the Blue Rose sword.
The sackcloth was merely draped over it slightly, so the top part
fell off once it was lifted straight up, revealing the hilt.

The pommel was a simple spindle-shape, and there was a layer of
thin carved leather wrapped around it firmly. The knuckle guard
seemed a little small, perhaps because it was a branch. The sword hilt
had the black transparent-like color from the Gigas Cedar, and the
leather that was wrapped on it was a glossy black.

245

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The sheath that covered the sword was also made of black leather.
I reached my right hand out, let my fingers wrap around the grip
slowly, and exerted strength in one go.

Up till now, I had wielded countless swords, but most of them
were equipment in VRMMO worlds. The only exception was the old
bamboo sword at home. But even so— or rather, because of this, I
would feel some sort of feeling whenever I gripped a sword hilt. An icylike feeling went through the palm of my right hand, through the wrist,
the arm, the shoulder, and the back.

On the first level of Aincrad, when I held the «Anneal Blade» I
earned from the first mission.

On the ninth level, when I held the «Queen’s Knightsword» the
dark elf queen gifted me with.

On the 50th level, when I held the black longsword «Elucidator»
the boss dropped.

When I held the white longsword «Dark Repulser» the blacksmith
Lizbeth forged for me.
And in the elf world ALFheim, when I wielded the legendary
weapon «Excaliber» after much painstaking efforts—

A similar icy-like feeling, or perhaps one more intense, shot
through my entire body, causing me to be unable to move for a
moment. Then the aftershock of the trembling faded and I exerted
strength into my abdomen, pulling out the sword from the black
leather sheath.

*Jiiinnn—!!* A slightly heavier sword sound as compared to the
Blue Rose Sword echoed throughout the shop. It was heavy, but there
was no hard metallic feeling. Of course, it was different from a wooden

246

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

sword. It was a sound that showed an undefined amount of hardness,
and also one that showed much more sturdiness. I turn my wrist and
pointed the sword at the sky, *riiiin*, and the sword blade let out a
slight cry.
“Mu...”

The craftsman Satore muttered,
“Wa...!”

Eugeo let out a slight voice.

And I held my breath, engrossed by the sword in my right hand.

The blade’s length can be said to be exactly the same as my old
beloved sword «Elucidator», but I was the one who cut down this
branch from the Gigas Cedar in the first place, and I was the one who
specified the length, so that was to be expected.

The blade was also covered by a pitch black color similar to the
hilt. However, there was also a little transparent feeling as the sunlight
shone on it through the windows from an angle, letting out a light
golden color. The shape was that of a traditional one-handed straight
sword, but slightly wider than the Blue Rose Sword.
The sword edge appeared in a terrifying manner, and it seemed
that my skin will be cut if I touched even the smoothest part slightly
with my hand.
“...Can you swing it?” Satore said in a deep voice.

I didn’t answer, but looked around the shop to see that no other
customers were around. The young apprentice didn’t look like he was
moving out from the workshop.
247

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I moved my body and assumed a pose parallel with the long
counter. There was a space more than 5m long in front of me, and that
would be enough for me to test the sword. I grab onto the sword
sheath with my left hand, opened my legs wide and bent down. I got
into a basic one-handed vertical slash posture as I had no intention of
using a sword skill.

There was a round shield that was made from a round steel board
directly opposite me. I used this thing that was approximately 5m
away from me as an imaginary target and swung the sword.

During this year, I had been using only the wooden sword for
practice with my right hand, and the black sword let out a very heavy
feeling. However, it wasn’t an unpleasant feeling. The sword seemed to
be motivating me or pleading me to use it well, a comfortable heavy
feeling.

As the sword was pointed towards the top, I took a step forward. I
used the momentum generated by the vector shift instead of the power
of my wrist and gathered my imagination. With all the energy that was
gathered in the sword tip— I took a sharp step forward and unleashed
my momentum.
“Sh...!”

The black light went racing down in a straight line. After a short
moment, *swoosh*, a ripping sound could be heard in the air. The
sword tip stopped just a hair-breadth away from the floor, but the
power of the swing spread out in a fired manner as it rumbled the floor.
I slowly got up. Eugeo first started clapping, and Satore snorted
violently.

“I see... so, a trainee from the Academy can swing that thing, huh?”

248

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“This is a nice sword.”

I felt that there was no need to say anything else as I answered.
On hearing this, the craftsman finally showed a smile and held his
beard as he spoke,

“Such redundant words. This thing took 6 Corengan whetstones...
Either way, a promise is a promise. I won’t be counting the chiseling
fees. Once you become famous, just spread the word that your sword
was made by the craftsman Satore. That thing is now yours.”
“...I’m really grateful.”

I took a deep bow, and Eugeo did the same. I lifted my head and
sheathed the sword.
Satore spent two seconds staring at the black sword, but
immediately chuckled.

“You can decide on the sword name. This sword will become the
signature of my shop. Don’t give it any funny name.”
“Uu...”

I was slightly speechless because of these words. Most likely, it
was because all my equipment had names beforehand, so I’m not really
good with this naming thing.
“...I-I’ll think about it carefully. Then, if its Life drops, I’ll come
over to ask you to maintain it...”

“Um. Let me say this first. Don’t expect me to charge you for free
next time.”
“Of-Of course.”

249

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

We exchanged such words, and I bowed deeply again for the final
time before taking a few steps towards the exit with Eugeo.

At this moment, *GLANK!* A loud metallic sound could be heard
from behind, causing me to jump up slightly in shock. I turned my head
and saw Satore’s widened eyes as he stared at the west wall.

I followed his stare, and what I saw was the buckler for sale sliced
in half down the middle as its right half landed on the floor.
1. Deliberately destroying items that are sold in the shop is
against the Taboo Index.

2. It’s against the Taboo Index to not pay for an item if it was
broken accidently.

3. If the owner excuses the person involved in 2, it would not be
breaking the Taboo Index.

I remembered this new knowledge as I hurried back to the
Academy. Beside me, Eugeo-sensei was whispering about what
happened just now with a pale expression.

“...It was just sword testing. There’s no need to use a secret move!
Anyone can expect the sales item to be broken when you use such a
move in the shop!”

“Y-Yeah— ...but I never intended to use the sword... no, a secret
move or something...”
“Don’t bluff. I saw it, Kirito. The moment you swung the sword
down, it let out a little glow. Can it be anything else other than the
Aincrad-style secret move I’m the only other person who know of?”

250

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Y-Yeah... but my impression was that the Aincrad-style never had
such a move...”

We continued our conversation, and suddenly, a sweet aroma
unwittingly entered my nostrils, dealing a blow to my head.

The streets of North Centoria were divided into areas. The
southernmost area, area 1 (the one closest to the Axiom Church) was
the Imperial city, area 2 was the Imperial Governmental Area, 3 and 4
were streets of noble houses. The high class noble mansions built in
area 3 were so luxurious that even Asuna’s mansion would pale in
comparison, it was even more shocking to hear that the 1st class to 3rd
class earls had wide parcels of land they called «Personal Estates»
outside the streets of Centoria.
These personal estates had small villages in them, and the
residents over there were treated like nobles’ servants. Sometimes,
children who grow up in such an environment would become uncouth
young lords like Rainos and Wanbell.

And then, in the 5th area, there were facilities with the «Imperial»
names, like the Knights headquarters and the arena. Of course, the
Imperial Master Sword Academy was located here too.

Areas 6 and 7 were business districts, and in the northern areas 8,
9, 10, there were the streets the residents of Centoria live in.

Based on what I learned during geography, this structure was
exactly the same as the other empires’ capitals, East, West and South
Centoria. No matter how I thought, it was definitely not a coincidence,
but it would be impossible to imagine the 4 kings gathered together
and chatting in a friendly manner. I supposed this would be a
unification designed by the bigshots in the Church.

251

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Either way—

If I wanted to move back from Satore’s metalcrafts shop in area 7
to the Master Swords Academy in area 5, I would have to pass through
area 6, and area 6 was a business district filled with food markets and
restaurants, a place full of temptation. It might not be too far of a
stretch to say that all the silver and bronze coins that were in my
wallet were all spent here whenever I had gone out this year.
What made it especially dangerous was that it was 2pm on our
rest day this afternoon. There was a restaurant on the 3rd Eastern
Street called the «Jumping Deer Inn», and when they would bake their
trademark honey pies, the sweet aroma would spread throughout the
streets, causing my will’s Saving Throw to be thoroughly tested. I had
never been able to pass this test successfully before.
“...Hey, Eugeo. It’s great that we weren’t charged for the
compensation of the shield and this guy’s grinding.”

I continued to slow down as I said, and my partner nodded
slightly as he answered,

“...Yeah. I only knew after we joined the Academy that Satoresan’s a famous guy who has got the proof of a first-class craftsman. If
we paid the proper price, it’s likely that our total fortunes still would
not be enough to pay for it.”

“Heh... —then, it might be a little late... but what happens if there’s
not enough? Will we be arrested on the spot?”

“They won’t go that far either way. At that moment, he’ll record it
on tab, and you have to come pay it on interest every month.”
“I-I see...”

252

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Unlike Aincrad, which used the self-restriction «Cardinal» system
to control the col trading sytem, this world seemed to more or less
have some civilian economic activity. Then, as a poor student,
shouldn’t I be working hard for this prosperity?
I kept this noble motive within me as I proposed something to
Eugeo,
“...Since we settled our money issues, how about 3?”

My partner then sighed in a I knew this was going to happen
manner,
“Two at most.”

He answered. I grinned as I nodded my head, and turned my feet
to the left front side before running to the shop attendant onee-san
that was serving the freshly baked honey pies at the take-out corner.
Unknowingly, my body got completely used to the black sword,
held on my back with a leather strap, since I seemingly couldn’t feel
that weight anymore. It felt like it had been there for several years.

253

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 4
The harmony of the honey and the butter danced around in a
molten state, performing a symphony. When we reached the Academy,
I split off from Eugeo, who intended to head off to Golgosso-sempai’s
room, and went off the Novice trainee dorm’s Duty Office. This was to
attain permission from the dorm manager, Miss Azurika to keep this
sword as my personal belonging.

In the real world, if I brought a bladed object that’s more than 1m
long, I would probably be scolded by the teacher, or the police might
even be called in to arrest me. However, this Academy, in this
otherworld, was an organization that groomed swordsmen. As long as I
had only one real sword, I would be allowed to bring it in.

As for why I could only bring in one, that was because in this
world, all the weapons, including swords, would absorb Sacred Power
little by little— the space resources. To put it specifically, weapons that
had their Life worn out slightly in a battle would regain their Life
slowly if they were kept properly and sheathed... So the sword was
basically absorbing the Sacred Power in it’s surroundings. Of course, if
it became so blunt that it couldn’t recover on its own I would have to
find a sharpening master, and a blacksmith if it broke or had a break or
something.

If there were no restrictions on allowing students to bring their
own swords, a student with weapon mania may end up bringing
hundreds of weapons, and after that, his room would have an
abnormal amount of Sacred Power being supplied. It seemed this was

254

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

the reason why only one sword per person was allowed to be brought
in.
As it was a rest day today, even Miss Azurika wasn’t at the
reception counter, but sitting at the duty office with its door opened,
sorting through the documents. After hearing my quick knocking, she
lifted her head and blinked her greyish-blue eyes.
“Is there something wrong, Novice trainee Kirito?”

“Excuse me... I’m here today to ask for a permit to have a sword as
my personal belonging.”

I bowed slightly, walked in from the door, and quickly looked
around the room. There were many leather sealed folders on the
bookshelf beside the wall, but there was only a table and a chair. In
other words, this woman herself was the one who took care of running
this dorm that housed 120 students.

After hearing my words, Miss Azurika tilted her head slightly, but
immediately got up, and took out a folder from the documents on the
bookshelf without hesitation. She then took out one of the common
documents kept within and put it right in front of me.
“Write down all the necessary particulars on it.”

“Yes, understood.”

I tentatively lowered my head and looked over. On the form, there
were the simple items like name, student ID and sword priority. As I
thought about how I didn’t need a guardian’s signature this time, I
filled in my name in katakana ‘Kirito’, the student number ‘7’ —and
suddenly, I stopped the pen tip. I recalled things carefully, and though I
tried swinging this sword before, I never opened the «window» to
check.

255

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

With Miss Azurika staring at me, I hurriedly undid the sackcloth
on my bag and removed the leather strap that was buttoned. I opened
up the clothed side, intending to open the window by revealing the hilt,
and at that moment,
“...!”

I lifted my head after hearing that sharp gasp. What entered my
eyes was a rare sight of Miss Azurika widening her eyes when she
would normally maintain a calm expression.
“Is-Is... there anything the matter?”

Miss Azurika blinked a few times after hearing my voice, and then
shook her head, “No, it’s nothing.”. It seemed that she didn’t have
anything else to say about this, so I turned my gaze back to the sword,
and used two fingers of my right hand to enter the motion command. I
tapped the pommel of the sword lightly, and the property window
appeared with a ringing-like sound effect.
The priority that was shown was—«Class 46».

To think that it was higher than the Divine Tool Blue Rose Sword
by 1. No wonder it was so heavy. Once I entered the number in the
third column, I wrapped the sword back as how it was, and handed
over the completed form.

...Is there a problem. Don’t tell me there’s a limit on priority? I
thought impatiently in my mind.
“Novice Trainee Kirito.”
“Ye-Yes.”

“You have... the memory of that sword...”
256

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

She spoke till here, but suddenly stopped. Miss Azurika closed her
eyes, and when she lifted her eyelids again, those eyes reverted back to
the usual stern dorm supervisor eyes.

“...No, it’s nothing. I’ve received your application. I suppose
there’s no need for me to emphasize this, but remember, a real sword
can only be used for personal training. It can’t be used in practical
exams and group practices, understood?”
“Yes!”

I energetically answered and put on the clothed black sword on
my back, as I wondered about whether I should ask about what Miss
Azurika said. But as I could expect, I couldn’t get an answer from her.
Thus, I just made a knight salute and left the duty office.

I walked down the front corridor, and thought in a perplexed
manner,
Sword’s... memory?

These were inexplicable words. It’s true that in this world, all the
items, including the swords were recorded with the help of the
Mnemonic Visuals. But that was a technology developed by the venture
enterprise «RATH» in the real world, so the residents of Underworld
logically wouldn’t be able to realize this.

In other words, the ‘sword’s memory’ Miss Azurika talked about
should be as what she said. This black sword had some form of
memory. But exactly what kind of memory was that? What did she see
in this black sword...?

I searched for an answer to this doubt as I walked out of the dorm,
and heard the melody of 3pm bell that rang from the bell tower which
257

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

was extended out from the roof. It was a lot deeper than the bell I
would hear in Rulid Church, but the melody itself was exactly the same.
The agreed time with Rina-sempai was 5pm.

I couldn’t feel a single bit of unnaturalness when I tested it at
Satore’s metalworks... I would say that the feeling was rather relieving,
as if my beloved sword was revived from the time I was in SAO.
However, it would be better for me to test out whether I could use it
with the Aincrad secret moves, or sword skills.

This rest day occurred once every week, and practically all the
students born in Centoria had went home, quite a few students born in
other places would head out to sightsee, and so the wide Academy
grounds were rather empty. Also, there’s a forest and a river in the
campus grounds, so there were quite a few places for me to practice
my moves— even though I said so, I still wanted to eliminate the
possibility of other people seeing me. That’s because I wanted to
practice the «Consecutive Hit Skills» that none of the sects in this world
had.
Why did sword skills exist in Underworld?
Why didn’t consecutive hit skills exist?

I had been in this world for almost two years, but even till now, I
had seen no sign of finding an answer. The only thing I could imagine
was that when the RATH technician who was constructing Underworld
may have used the «The Seed» package in some sort of way... But even
if it was a fact, it still couldn’t explain everything.

As for why, that’s because «The Seed» that was freely circulated—
the simplified version of the «Cardinal» system didn’t have sword skills
in them. Right now, in 2026, amongst the many VRMMOs around, only

258

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

ALO, the completely duplicated copy of the old SAO server, had sword
skills. It definitely couldn’t be the venture enterprise «Ymir», the
operator of ALO, assisting RATH here.

After that, I could only think of a countless amount of endless
baseless guesses. If I wanted to know the truth, I would have to meet
the governor at the top of the Centoria Cathedral, and there’s no other
way.

Either way— the secret moves of the swordsmen in Underworld
were all one-strike skills; like «Vertical» and «Avalanche».

As for the reason behind this problem, I had some form of
deduction already. It’s likely that this was the reason why Underworld
didn’t have any actual fighting. With the absolute law of the Taboo
Index, with the invincible soldiers of the Integrity Knights protecting
Underworld, all the battles would definitely become «matches». What
was promoted was a splendorous, elegant victory. Wasn’t this what the
swordsmen in this world had been seeking these hundreds of years?
To get into a mighty posture from a far distance away before using a
single-strike skill to win?
Also, another reason may be to protect accidents from happening.

The fights in the local tournaments were all until one side was
cornered, and even the Central and higher-level tournaments were
such that the first strike would determine the winner. Naturally,
consecutive hit skills that wouldn’t stop midway through would
naturally be avoided.

In this situation, physique and arm strength would have an
advantage, as they would have absolute confidence in the power of
their one hits... So it’s expected that people like the elite swordsman
head, Uolo Levanteinn being able to become strong as a mighty sword

259

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

user would be strong. If I weren’t allowed to use consecutive skill hits
during the SAO era, I would definitely be unable to beat a dual-wielding
player of the same level.
This was definitely the same reason why Solterina-sempai kept
losing to Chairman Uolo during these two years.

Even when I perform my consecutive skill hits to Rina-sempai, it
will be impossible for her to learn it. Even Eugeo, who had no
experience with any existing style, took several months learning the 2
consecutive hit skill «Vertical Arc».
However, if I could show that a sword skills wasn’t just about a
magnificent slash from overhead, if I could shake off this doubt in
sempai’s heart about how the Aincrad-style and the similar Celulutestyle were different from the higher Norlangarth style, she should be
able to have a chance of winning at the graduation duel.

I continued to think about this as I walked east, and unknowingly,
I reached the east side of the campus.

The school campus that was surrounded by the fan-shaped walls
had the central school campus, a large practice arena, libraries, trainee
and instructor dorms, the elite swordsmen dorm and many more
buildings within, and yet still had so much space. The walls on the
north and south sides had large gates, there was a slightly tall hill on
the west side, and a rather large forest on the east side. No matter
where it was, I couldn’t see any students around.

Even so, I chose the forest with much more cover just in case. I
found an empty clearing in the forest and stopped. The short and thin
grass grew thickly like grass on a football field, so there shouldn’t be
any place where I would be tripped. I looked around, checked that

260

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

there were only 2-3 butterflies other than me around, and reached my
right hand to the back.

I searched around, undid the sackcloth, and grabbed onto the
sword hilt that was revealed. After feeling the leather grip that felt like
it would stick onto my hand, I immediately drew the sword out.

The pitch black longsword that was lit by the sunlight shining
through the twigs and leaves was originally made from a branch of the
Gigas Cedar, so to put it technically, it should be a «Wooden Sword».
But the blade reflected a hard light nobody could imagine. The famed
craftsman Satore spent a year grinding this blade out, and on first
glance, one could see the terrifying amount of priority... But I couldn’t
see anything like a «memory» from this thing that couldn’t talk.

I pushed aside these doubts and got into a basic posture. This
time, my mind was strongly imagining, unlike the time when I testing
the sword in the crafting shop. I imagined the one-strike diagonal
sword skill I had used countless times— the «Slant».

After an instant moment of gathering, the blade let out a bright
water-color glow. I used my back foot and right hand to accelerate my
sword skill as my body was moved by an invisible hand.
*Shoobash!* A sharp sound could be heard, and the trajectory of
the slash was drawn out in the air. The slanted line disappeared like
the flames of the sun as the sword wind drew a straight line, blowing
aside the grass on the ground.

I kept my body in a downswing position and stared at the tree
twig that was about 5m in front of me. However, there was no signs of
the tree twig breaking even after the effects of the skill disappeared.
261

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

This was to be expected. The basic «Slant» range was 2.5m at
most. The power would not be able to reach a place twice the distance
away.

But, even if that were so... the round shield that was about the
same 5m away in the craftsman shop shouldn’t be sliced. It couldn’t
possibly be that time, the buckler just happened to have its Life worn
out at that timing, and I definitely didn’t carry out any sword skills.
Eugeo said that ‘the sword glowed’... But I had no idea why that
happened. I really didn’t know anything. I still knew far too little about
this world.

I sighed and stood up straight. I adjusted my breathing and got
into position for the next skill.

I sliced down from right above, and right when the sword was
about to touch the ground, I pulled the sword tip back up as if it was
bounced up and swung it back up again. 2 consecutive hit skill
«Vertical Arc». A sword wind that was more ferocious than before was
whipped up as it swayed the grassy ground violently.

Up till now, I had been practicing sword skills I could use with the
wooden sword. I changed the posture of my legs, put the sword at my
waist, and twisted my body to the right.
“...!’“

I exerted strength wordlessly and unleashed a left horizontal
slash. The slash seemed to hit some invisible thing in front of me as its
horizontal movement suddenly stopped and turned to the upper right
corner. I took another step forward and unleashed a forward shortranged high-powered slash. This was the 3 consecutive hit skill
«Savage Fulcrum».
262

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I wordlessly watched the crimson red trail that looked like the
Arabic number 4 dissipate in the air. I nodded and continued to
prepare the next sword skill. I raised the sword back up directly above
me and did an overhead backswing.

I did a high-level slash, a low-level slash, a forward slash chained
in, and then I brought the sword behind me back before letting out a
ferocious slash. The blue square drawn in the air continued to spin as it
moved forward. The range was large, and there was only a small
opening. This was the beloved sword skill of mine in the old SAO,
«Vertical Square».
I managed to execute all four kinds of sword skills successfully
without exception.

In that case, this meant that this black sword had the same level
of priority as the Divine Tool «Blue Rose Sword» Eugeo had. However, I
already guessed so when I opened the «window» in the dorm duty
office and saw the class 46 number.

It seemed that I would be able to fulfill my promise of showing
my high level sword skills to Rina-sempai. Before I heaved a sigh of
relief, there was another feeling rumbling in my mind.

Whenever I used the Blue Rose Sword, I would only be able to use
up to sword skills of 4 consecutive hits. No matter how much I tried, I
couldn’t carry out major skills of 5 consecutive hits or more. Then,
what about this black sword? Since I would have to do it sooner or
later, and since there’s no one around, wouldn’t this be a good chance?

I gripped onto the sword tightly, took a large step forward with
my right foot, and gathered imagination filled with strength towards
the sword that seemed to be hanging from my left shoulder, ready to
unleash.

263

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Unknowingly, I felt a small sharp pain from the base of my bangs,
seemingly warning me, but I removed this unnecessary thought and
focused on forming my sword skill.
*Chka*, *chka*, I saw the blade letting out an orange spark from
the corner of my eyes.

It was a faint glow that was different from the bright effects I saw
up till now. I tried my best to imagine the sword skill and maintained
the action to get ready, but the sparks continued to fly and had no signs
of calming down.

I continued to persist until this unstable posture couldn’t be
maintained any longer, and immediately started my movement in one
go.
“Uooh...!”

I unknowingly let out a deep growl, and the right foot that
stepped down rumbled the ground. The sword that swung from the top
left side to the bottom right side let out a sharp slash in a sharp angle
with the assistance of the system— that should be the case. However,
the sword didn’t stop as it hit the ground.

The powerful recoil rushed up my right hand. If I wanted to force
myself to drag the sword back, I would definitely take damage at this
point, this was the judgment I made instantly. I gritted my teeth and
pulled the sword that was stuck in the ground 20cm deep, seemingly
flailing as I fell back.

*ZPANG!* The blunt impact sound rang behind me. I turned
around as my back landed on the grassy ground.

—So I failed? What wasn’t enough? My level? The sword priority?
Or both...?
264

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

What entered the eyes of my body that was spread out wide and
lying on the ground—
The large amount of dirt and grass that was sent flying by the
slash.

And the sight of a man who was standing at a silent corner of this
empty space on the other side.

What covered the tall and lanky body was really the school
uniform, but the color wasn’t of the basic grey color. There was a bright
cobalt blue line on the seemingly pearl white based uniform. It’s the
privilege of one of the 12 elite swordsmen trainee to be able to modify
their uniform colors at will.
Rina-sempai had purple with a greyish tinge. Golgosso-sempai
had a thick green color. And as for pearl white color with blue... that
would be the color of the swordsmen head Uolo Levanteinn—

The light blond hair was kept short, and undoubtedly, the one
who was staring at me with his emotionless steel blue eyes was the
strongest man in this Academy.
As I laid down on the ground, I continued to stare at a black
radial-shaped stain of dirt on the spotless white uniform, one my
sword shot out.

To be honest, it’s not like I had never thought about running away.

If this were Aincrad, and if the opponent was a big shot from the
Divine Dragon Alliance Guild, I probably would have fled away without
hesitation. But in this world, running away would be the worst option
if I messed up something. There would be an added penalty to my

265

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

crime, and in the end, it would be the terrifying «breaking the Taboo
Index».

Thus, I could only remain still for a second, and then knelt down
immediately as I put the sword in my right hand onto the ground —to
show the highest order of respect— lowered my head and yelled,

“I’M REALLY SORRY, LORD TRAINEE LEVANTEINN!! PLEASE
FORGIVE MY SIN OF DISRESPECT!”

The only other time I probably begged for forgiveness so
desperately was likely on the 61st level of Aincrad when Asuna beat me
up in her room. I continued to think about such useless things as I kept
kneeling.
“If I’m correct, it seems like you’re the valet for trainee Celulute.”
I heard such a deep voice.

I tentatively lifted my head, and saw the steel blue eyes
immediately before nodding my head to admit.
“Yes, I’m Novice trainee Kirito.”
“Is that so.”

The trainee swordsman glanced at the black sword on the grassy
ground, and then continued with a meaningful high pitched male voice,
“According to the academy rules’ tossing dirt on an
upperclassman’s clothing would completely warrant a punishment
authority of insolence...”
On hearing this, I couldn’t help but groan in my heart.

This «punishment right» was a right the model students of the
school students, the elite swordsmen trainees had. They could punish

266

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

students who infringed the academy rules lightly due to accident based
on their own discretion. I had been give countless swing practices
because I had been late getting to Rina-sempai’s room.

Then, what would they do with those who broke the academy
rules severely— In this world, such a thing wouldn’t happen. Of course,
infringing on the rules severely naturally wouldn’t be something that
could be triggered by accident, and Artificial Fluctlights themselves
couldn’t break this rule on their own will. The only one at risk here
would be me, a natural Fluctlight, but fortunately, I hadn’t done
anything too eyecatching and managed to last through a year safely. —
However.
To actually dirty Chairman Uolo’s uniform with a large pile of
dirt... that would be a critical crime here...

“—However, I don’t hate you for hiding from others and
practicing on a rest day, even though you didn’t care that «practicing
on a rest day» itself is against the rules.”
Gehhh— I again let out a wordless cry.

In that case— this seemed to be the case. However, if I agreed
about it now, it may end up raising the possibility of the punishment
authority being used. I didn’t know whether it was useless or not, but I
had to struggle.
“This-This isn’t what you think it is, Lord Chairman. This isn’t
practice... Eh, erm, yeah, I’m just testing the new sword. The repairs of
the good I requested a shop in the 7th area to do was complete, and I
couldn’t wait till tomorrow...”
At this moment, I finally realized something major.

267

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

This blond flat-haired guy... When did he first see me? No, before
that, why was he here?
I deliberately came all the way into this forest to practice the
«consecutive-hit skills» the sword skills Underworld didn’t have. The
reason I did this was to show off the consecutive hit skills to Rinasempai to help her beat the head. However, the chairman saw this
before I could even show it to sempai. Wouldn’t this be a complete
reversal of what I wanted to do?

—It seemed the strongest man in the Academy realized my
thinking as he gave a slight wry smile.

“...You say you’re here to test your sword, but your shout’s rather
forceful. Speaking of which, I only saw you use that sword to slash into
the ground and fall back. I’ll just treat it as... being unable to stand
firmly while being led by a sword you’re not used to, that’s all. I’ll give
that you didn’t break the rules of training on a rest day, since I came
here for a similar reason.”

As I felt relieved on hearing this, I tilted my head in a perplexed
manner,
“A similar... reason?”

“Let’s just say that you’re not the only one who tried to swing
swords on a rest day for this kind of reason.”

The nicely-shaped lips showed a confident smile as Uolo turned
his stare towards the empty ground I’m practicing on.

“But I found this place first. I agreed too that I would leave this
place for my valet once I graduate. So you have to find somewhere else.”
268

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

—I see. No wonder. I thought. The man standing in front of me just
found a reason that this wasn’t training, but something else, and came
to practice on a rest day... This empty space was used to practice, and I
just happened to arrive at this place at the same time, that’s all. The
reason why the grassy land is so neat was because the Life was reset
every week when Uolo stepped on it.

I’ll find a place with more weeds then. I made such a decision in my
mind and lowered my head again.
“...Understood, I will do so. Thank you for your magnanimous...”

“It’s too early for you to thank me, trainee Kirito.”
“You-You’re saying?”

“I did say that I won’t be pursuing matters about you training on a
rest day, but I never said that I’ll forgive you about this.”

I slowly lifted my head, and saw that the trainee swordsman lifted
a right finger with a serious expression on his face while pointing at
the chest of his uniform. He was pointing at the black stain on the pearl
white cloth.

“Bu-But, chairman, didn’t you say that you ‘don’t hate’ me for
that...”

“Ahh, I did say so. That’s why I won’t give any punishment like
cleaning the entire swordsmen dorm or copy 1000 lines of spells.”
Phew. I was relieved for only that moment however.

The flat-haired strongest swordsman continued to use his
fingertip to brush off the dirt on his uniform and he said something
unbelievable.
269

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Novice trainee Kirito, your punishment will be to spar against
me once. Not with a wooden sword, but with that sword you’re using.
I’ll use this too.”

At this moment, I finally found that the sword dangling on the left
waist of the swordsman trainee had a sword hilt of pure gold and a
deep blue sheath. Anyone could tell that it was a real sword with very
high priority.
“...Spa-Spar...? As-As in?”

“The term sparring would only mean ‘to practice in a match
format’, nothing else. However, this place is has too little space. The
large practice arena should be empty on a rest day, so let’s move over
there.”

After saying such a fluent flow of words, the head swordsman
simply turned around.

For two seconds, I stared blankly at the white back that seemed to
glide off under the trees. Once my thoughts finally grasped the current
situation, I seriously wondered whether I should run away, but «not
fulfilling my punishment» would be a serious infringement of rules this
time. I couldn’t possibly let myself be expelled here if I wanted to
became an elite swordsman trainee during the promotional exam at
the end of this month like Uolo.

I lifted up the black sword lying in front of me and cleanly
sheathed it behind me before standing up. Unwilling to give up, I
continued to glance twice at the stone wall of the Academy that
exposed itself through the trees, made my decision in a reluctant
manner, and chased after the blond flat-haired guy.

270

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

There were all sorts of weeds and grass dangling around the feet
from the empty land a step away, but Uolo never showed any signs of
staggering.

...Won’t it be easy for this guy to dodge or knock down a mere pile of

dirt?

At this moment, I realized this issue, but everything was too late.

271

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 5
I walked out of the forest, met up with Uolo on the stone path, and
the 4pm bell rang.

Unknowingly, the sky was dyed a little with the color of the night,
and the campus started to show signs of students coming back from
the streets. They all widened their eyes once they saw the figure in
white and blue uniform walking in front of me.

This was to be expected. Ever since Uolo Levanteinn became an
elite swordsman trainee, he practically never appeared in places other
than the dorm. He was such a character who appeared so rarely that
other than his valet, the students would only see him at the tests that
occur 4 times every year. Even I, a valet of Rina-sempai, would only see
him a few times in the corridor even after going in and out of the
swordsmen dorm every day. If I have to say it, this was the first time I
officially met him.

And right behind this legendary existence was a novice trainee
swordsman of common birth... and the location was the large practice
arena, so it would definitely be an eye-catcher. However, the most
terrifying thing at this point would be that quite a few students
discovered this and started hurrying over from the school campus and
the trainee dorms. At this point, the entire academy was going
‘Something’s going on at the practice arena!’, and news of it had
definitely spread around.

272

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The curfew of a rest day would be 7pm, which would be slightly
later, so more than half the students would still be outside at this time.
But even so, there was a large group of students buzzing and coming
over to observe, no, watch this show. In this case, I just needed to hurry
up, settle this, and hide in Rina-sempai’s room until the commotion
ended...
No, wait. How am I going to settle this commotion...

As Uolo said, «sparring» in this academy would basically be an
incomplete duel that’s more than practice. The principle would be that
we would fight until one side’s cornered, but if both sides agreed, the
rule of «first strike wins» like the old SAO era was recognized. In other
words, once someone take a blow from the opponent first, the battle
would be over.

In this case, the loser would definitely take some level of damage.
This was the one exception to the rule of «Deliberately reducing other
people’s Lives» the Taboo Index forbade for so many countless times.
The ‘first strike win’ duel that even the Zakkaria guards forbade was
permitted at this Academy, and the reason for that was that the
medical office had gathered all sorts of high-priced medicine and
teachers who could carry out high-level Sacred Arts. In other words,
even if we got heavily injured in the sparring, it would be fine if it could
be treated.
Even though I say that, chairman Uolo said that he would be using
a real sword in this sparring, so the rules would be that we would fight
until one side’s cornered. If I wanted to win, I just need to dodge or
parry off the powerful overhead strike, and make sure my sword stops
before I hit when I counter.

273

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Of course, I could tell that this would be dauntingly hard. No, before
that, should I really be winning?
Uolo was the biggest objective Rina-sempai had been aiming to
beat. Would it be right for me, a valet who had been undergoing
sempai’s training, to beat this opponent? Would Rina-sempai really be
happy even if I win...

As I started to lower my head and form these thoughts, two set of
rushed footsteps unknowingly entered my ears.

I suddenly recovered, lifted my head and looked towards the left.
What entered my eyes was the scene of Elite Swordsman Trainee
Solterina Celulute with her long skirt fluttering as she dashed over and
my partner Eugeo running behind her. Both of them didn’t run through
the path, but went directly through the hills that covered the
grasslands.

Leaving aside Eugeo, I had never seen Rina-sempai pant while
running up till now. Uolo, who was walking in front of me, suddenly
stopped and turned to the left.

Rina-sempai took only a few seconds to get onto the path, gave
me a worried expression, and faced off against Uolo. She tidied her
greyish-purple skirt impeccably, straightened her back, and said,
“...Levanteinn-dono, what’s the meaning of this?”

In this Academy, Rina-sempai was the only student who did not
use polite words to Uolo. The students surrounding from afar let out a
soft commotion.

The top swordsman took the piercing stare of those deep blue
eyes without flinching. The short blond head tilted slightly as he calmly
answered,

274

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“As you can see, Celulute-dono, your valet did something
improper. I considered that it was somewhat inappropriate to punish
him severely on a rest day... So I intended to spar against him.”
The buzz surrounding us got louder.

Rina-sempai finally noticed a black stain on the torso of Uolo’s
uniform. It seemed that she was able to deduce what was going on as
she gently bit her lips.

While the top and second ranked elite swordsmen trainees were
facing each other, I nudged my way towards my partner standing
blankly near the human wall. His face was showing the expression I
was ever-familiar with— the blend of ‘What did you do this time’ and
‘Don’t tell me... You’ve done it again...?’ expressions.
“...You got here rather fast.”

I whispered. Eugeo nodded slightly a few times.

“I was in the cafeteria of the swordsmen dorm, and Zobunsempai’s valet came running in saying that the chairman’s going to
fight against you. I was thinking ‘How was that possible?’, but came
running over with Celulute-sempai... But, it seems that it’s not
impossible at all.”
“Ahh, well... That seems to be the case.”

I nodded. Eugeo seemed like he wanted to say something as he
took a deep breath, but after pausing for a few seconds, he merely let
out a huge sigh.

“...No, it’s a miracle that you didn’t manage to cause any problems
up till now, Kirito. Please, show off all the troubles you have
accumulated for this one year today.”

275

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“As expected of you who’ve been with me for such a long time,
partner.”

I inadvertently giggled. Eugeo patted me on my back, causing me
to look away.
Rina-sempai was still staring at Chairman Uolo with a stern
expression, but even I, who hardly memorized the rules, knew that
breaking this deadlock was impossible.
I left Eugeo and moved to sempai’s side, nodded gently to my
beloved mentor.

“I’m really sorry to make you worry, sempai. But I’m fine... Or
rather, I feel that facing off against the chairman is sorta lucky.”

I whispered as I stared at sempai’s dark blue eyes, trying to read
the emotions in them. I wanted to know what she felt about her own
valet facing her biggest opponent.
However— I immediately felt regret over my actions. All I could
see deep within sempai’s eyes was worry.
“Kirito... How are you going to win in this spar?”

This question was too sudden, so I blinked as I answered,

“Eh...? We’re using real swords, so I guess we’ll fight until we’re
cornered...”
“Oh yes, I forgot to explain.”

Uolo interrupted as he explained with the usual calm expression,

“I won’t do sparring when we fight until one side is cornered as
that will only dull my sword strikes. The exams the Academy specified
276

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

was something out of my hands, but personally, I have been using the
rule of first strike win in my fights.”
“Eh...? Then, in other words...”

The head swordsman trainee showed a slight change of
expression in front of the shocked me. It seemed that he was baring...
or rather, revealing his fangs like a carnivore.

“But speaking of which, we can only fight in a first strike match
under both parties’ agreement. This was decided by the Taboo Index,
so it takes priority over the swordsman trainee punishment... I’ll let
you choose then, trainee Kirito.”

The crowd that had been buzzing quietly immediately hushed up.

Of course you have to fight until one side’s cornered! I seemed to
hear Eugeo’s voice, and I didn’t need to hear Rina-sempai speak up to
know that it was reckless to carry out a first strike match with real
swords instead of wooden swords, against the strongest man in the
Academy.
That’s what I felt, but—

“I’ll let you decide then, Levanteinn-dono. I’m the one being
punished.”

However, such words seemed to come out from my mouth
automatically.

Eugeo’s dejected sigh could be heard from behind me. Rinasempai clenched her fists tightly as she held back from sighly sharply.
And also, someone seemed to be sighing away on my hair, ‘yare yare’—
that’s what I felt.
277

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The name ‘Master Swords Academy Large Practice Field’ may
sound impressive, but in fact, it was just a large sports hall. The white
floor was polished brightly, and there were four black squared
sparring arenas. The spectator stands were built all around, and it had
the capacity of 260— enough to contain every student and teacher
during the biggest events of the academy, the swordsmanship
examinations.

I stood on the east arena Uolo chose, looked around, and saw that
there were already more than 50 students around. Since it would be
just before the curfew time of the rest day today, it seemed that all the
students who stayed in the Academy were all back here. There were
around three instructors, and what was shocking was that even the
novice trainee dorm supervisor Miss Azurika was there.
Also, what was most shocking was that present amongst the
students, were those two annoying upper-class nobles... Rainos and
Wanbelll. Perhaps they came back from their own mansions earlier
than usual. They were sitting at the front most seats, giving heinous
smirks as they looked over. It looked like their faces were saying that
they wanted to see me get sliced down by Uolo.
When Uolo let me choose, I said so boldly to him that ‘He can
decide the rules’, and I didn’t regret it at this point... Or rather, in that
situation, I personally had no other choice.
But on the other hand, there was another doubt lingering in my
mind.
Should I be sparring against Uolo?

I want to challenge the swordsman who’s called the strongest in
this academy. I couldn’t shake off this lingering thought in my mind.
Basically, the third objective when I originally came all the way from

278

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Rulid Village that’s far north to Central Centoria here was to fulfill the
antique gaming goal, the desire to ‘fight against strong opponents’.
But at this point, in my heart, there was a wish that was much
stronger than fighting against Uolo.

I wanted to let Rina-sempai win against this guy in the final battle.
To let her beat this guy and release her from these binds. During this
year I had been serving her, I never saw a sincere smile from her
before.
As my heart was harassed by these lingering thoughts, I
continued to stare at Uolo, who was standing on the other side of the
arena, inspecting the sharp blade of his beloved sword—
“Kirito.”

Rina-sempai’s voice came from behind me, causing me to turn
around like I was ejected.

The second ranked swordsman stared right at me with her navy
blue eyes, and whispered to me with an unwavering voice,

“I believe in your strength, Kirito. I trust you, so I’m going to tell
you this. The Levanteinn family that teaches the Empire’s knights has a
secret family teaching called ‘The sword drinks the blood of the strong.
The power will become mine’.”
“...Blood, is it?”

Sempai nodded back at the whispering me.

“Yeah. Uolo probably went through quite a few first strike
matches in his private land before he entered the Academy. That
experience probably created that terrifying strong sword of his. And
279

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

right now, he... wants to turn the power of your sword into fresh blood
and absorb it as food.”

These were words that were hard to understand immediately, but
I changed it to the knowledge I was familiar with in my mind, and
immediately answered “I see” as I nodded.

It was all because of the «Imagine Power». Just like how the
swordsmen of the Celulute family were restrained by the thought that
‘The Celulute-style was an inferior style because they were forbidden
from passing down the traditional sword style’, the generations of the
Levanteinn family had the imagination of ‘The more the sword’s dyed
with the blood of powerful foes, the stronger they become’, and this
gave Uolo the power in his sword.

Most likely, that guy saw the slices of my consecutive hits in the
open space of the forest and the black sword with high priority and
deemed that I was an opponent worthy of letting his sword be dyed by
my blood. It sounded honorable, but in fact, it was no different from
being a ‘high quality prey’.
In other words, if I took an actual hit in this spar and bled, Uolo’s
imagination would get stronger, and to be honest, the possibility of
that happening was rather high.

I couldn’t allow myself to help the enemy before Rina-sempai’s
last battle. At this point, I had to take back my initial words and change
the rules such that one side had to be cornered... as I was thinking
about this.

Sempai pats her hands on my shoulders that drooped unwittingly
and said,
280

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“But I’ll say this again. I believe you. I believe that you’re not a
swordsman who will take that guy’s move that easily... You haven’t
forgot about what you promised me today, right?”
“What I promised...?”

I repeated it, and nodded my head hard,

“Yeah. I promised you that I will show you everything I have,
sempai.”

“Alright. The conditions may be slightly different now, but just
show it to me here, Kirito. Release all the power and skills you have
and beat Uolo Levanteinn.”

The moment I heard those words, I felt all my doubts dissipate
within me.

My hesitation over abandoning sempai and fighting Uolo and my
fear of making the enemy stronger after my defeat were all just the
worst excuses a defeated dog would think. I nearly gave that ruckus to
my respected sempai as a present. Once I grab onto the sword, I just
needed to focus all my soul into it and clash with all I got. I probably
came all the way here by using that as my number 1 philosophy.

I gave a smiled at sempai, nodded, and turned my head to the
right. I exchanged looks with Eugeo, who was seemingly probing his
body over from the handrail of the spectator stands. I grinned at him,
and he gave me the usual worried expression while raising a clenched
right fist at me gently.

I answered with the exact same move, and turned to Rina-sempai
again,
“I’ll fulfill my promise.”

281

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I merely said these words, and sempai wordlessly nodded before
taking a step. A steady voice then came from the other side of the arena,
seemingly waiting for this moment,
“I suppose you’re done, Trainee Kirito.”

I slowly turned around, walked towards the edge of the black
tiled arena, and answered “Yes”. Uolo and I then did a simple knight
salute by putting our right fist gently onto the left chest. As it was not
an official sparring contest, there was no instructor acting as an umpire.
However, I didn’t have any doubt about the conditions of winning. The
first one to be struck by the opponent’s sword and bleed would be the
loser.
I took a step forward and stepped into the arena. 2 steps, 3 steps,
once I took 4 steps, I stood on the starting line indicated by the white
tiles.

We drew our swords, my opponent drew from his left waist, and I
from my back. I saw Uolo’s sword that had a golden tea colored hilt and
a refined forged steel-colored sword, and the surrounding students all
let out a cry of amazement “Ohh”. After seeing my sword, those words
became mutterings of doubt. Nobody had ever seen a real sword with a
black sword hilt and a blade.

“Oh my, oh my. To think that the folks from the countryside
would have the custom of dying their swords with ink, Rainos-dono!”

Wanbell, who was sitting on the spectator stands, pretended to
whisper as he said with a voice loud enough for everyone to hear.

“Don’t say that, Wanbell. Valet-dono here has no time to polish his
swords.”
282

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Rainos however continued with the usual sarcastic remark,
causing the surrounding noble students to be amused.

However, the instant Uolo started swinging his sword, the
surrounding atmosphere went quiet. Perhaps it was partly due to the
respect they had for the head swordsman trainee, but I guessed that
those guys felt a tremendous sense of pressure from that posture.

—Is the difference between a wooden sword and a real sword so
great?
I muttered silently in my heart.

As Rina-sempai’s valet, I had witnessed the critical move Uolo
Levanteinn would execute during the three swordsmen exams that
were held in the arena first hand— the Northlangarth style
«Avalanche» move, quite a few times. However, the pressure I felt was
completely different as my opponent was using a real sword instead of
a wooden sword, and this opponent just had to be Uolo.

The flatheaded blond-haired Uolo, who was slightly skinnier than
me, had the impression of a pilgrim. However, I finally understood at
this point that this was a completely serious mistake. Right now, those
steel-blue eyes had some form of hidden light in it, the light of a
berserker swordsman who was only seeking to use the steel blade to
rip the enemy’s body.

In this gaming world, Uolo’s sword would likely be classified as a
«Bastard Sword». Uolo used both hands to raise the slightly long sword
hilt and the steel blade. The blade seemed to be surrounded by the
flare of the sun, and that wasn’t an illusion. That was the sword
priority and the ‘power’ caused by the owner’s imagination strength
causing the space to tremor.
283

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

*Zun*. A heavy rumbling was released, and the head swordsman
trainee finished his large overhead posture.

Once he dragged the sword further back, the «Heavens and
Mountains Break»... also called the two-handed single thrust strike
«Avalanche», would be activated.

It seemed like a long time ago, yet felt like several days ago when
I spent my time in that floating city Aincrad. I went through countless
battles, including one-on-one battles. One of the two-handed sword
users who had the biggest impression on me was from the guild of the
«Knights of Blood»the guard of the vice guild leader Asuna, the guy
called Kuradeel.

I, who was challenged to a duel by him, read his first strike
«Avalanche» and used a similar single thrust attack «Sonic Leap» to
aim at the side of his weapon and managed to achieve my aim of
breaking his weapon with the skill Arms Blast.

This memory awoke within me again, causing me to instantly
consider if I could use the same tactic at that moment. However, I
quickly gave up on this idea. Let alone breaking Uolo’s sword, I might
end up breaking my own sword— while this would not be likely, my
sword would undoubtedly be deflected, and I would be slashed at
cleanly down the shoulder.

The original form of the «Heavens and Mountains Break» was the
«Avalanche» alright, but the move Uolo used was completely different
from Kuradeel’s in terms of speed and weight. He had absolute faith in
the strength of his own move, granting his sword power in the process.
If I couldn’t find an imagination strong enough to resist it... An
imagination of breaking through the organs and body until the sword
284

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

tip is poking out from the other side, I wouldn’t be able to stand on the
same starting line as him.
Now isn’t the time to think of it as a personal spar anymore. I have
to use consecutive hits.

So I thought as I made the first motion of the highest level skill I
could use up till now— the four consecutive hit «Vertical Square». This
would require a high level of control, but I should be able to use the
first, second and third hits to negate the opponent’s Avalanche and hit
with the fourth to win.
I raised the sword in my right hand, letting it face Uolo, and
showed a steady posture. When using a sword skill to take on another
sword skill, timing would be the essence. I had to use my sword skill
while timing the opponent’s sword skill activation. In other words, I
had to ‘activate later, strike first’.

The black sword tip that moved slowly arched through the top of
the circle it drew and started tilting slightly behind. At that moment,
“...HAA!!”

Uolo took action while letting out a bone-chilling roar.

The blade of the broadsword had a reddish-golden glow
surrounding it. The two-handed overhead slash that crushed Rinasempai’s «Cyclone» three times dragged what looked like a blazing trail
as it closed in.
At this moment, my body started to move. I used a powerful
stamp to activate the «Vertical Square» with the minimum prep action,
and my first strike accelerated as I let out a flying thrust while moving
forward.

285

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

*KIINN!!* As the high-pitched metallic sound rang, a powerful
impact rushed up my right hand. My first strike was instantly struck
down effortlessly. The surrounding students and instructors all
probably thought that my move was the Norlangarth Secret move
«Lighting Strike», the single strike «Vertical». If that was really the case,
the winner would have been decided then. However, the show began
here.

Even if I clashed with the opponent’s move, if my posture wasn’t
severely knocked in disarray, the sword skill that was activated would
continue. The second strike of the Vertical Square was to swing right
up from below. My sword skill hadn’t ended.
“ZAA!!”

I let my entire body turn left, and I swung my sword up sharply.
The sound of impact rang again. The blue glow that surrounded my
sword was mixed with the orange glow on Uolo’s sword, forming a
dazzling white light that lit the slightly dark practice arena.

This time, my sword was deflected back again. However, the
opponent’s Avalanche was slowed down as well. I gritted my teeth and
immediately let out the third strike, a vertical slash down.
*GAGIINN!!* A much heavier sound than before rang as both
swords clashed.

As I expected, the third hit wasn’t enough to knock back Uolo
sword, but Uolo’s move stopped.
If I could pressure him back now, the Avalanche would be
stopped, but I would still have the final hit of my 4 strikes.
“U...ohhh!!!”

286

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Nu...nn!!”

Uolo and I let out growls at the same time, desperately trying to
parry away each other’s sword.

At this point, the attack power of the sword skill and the system
assist or whatsoever was meaningless. This was all about imagination
vs imagination, a battle of wills. The two clashing swords let out bright
white light at their intersection, letting out a small bright spark. The
floor of the arena endured the tremendous pressure from our duel as it
let out a rattling cry.
If there was someone observing the main memory installation of
the entire Underworld at this point, he would see that there was a
bright white glow in a quantum medium. Our Fluctlights were giving
out signals, desperately trying to overcome each other and win. My
opponent had lost all the collectedness he had on his face as there was
a deep frown on him as his lips were curled. My face was most
definitely having that same expression as well.
This situation remained for 2, 3, 4 seconds— at that moment.
I saw something unexpected.

On the sides and back of the head swordsman trainee Uolo
Levanteinn, I could vaguely see more than 5 figures that had similar
looks, but were obviously different from him.

What I could see was the transparent shadowy bodies wielding
the sword in the same posture as Uolo, but my instincts were telling
me that these swordsmen definitely were the heads of the Levanteinn
family over the generations who inherited the family name of Imperial
Knights instructors.
287

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

In other words, these was what the mere student Uolo was
bearing despite being the head of the family... Or rather, what he was
forced to bear, the real show. The real source of power hidden in Uolo’s
slash.
—I... can’t lose here!!

I seemed to hear this roar. At the next moment, a force that was
much heavier and overwhelming pressure than before struck my
shoulders.

The broadsword that was surrounded by a wildfire-like orange
glow pushed the black sword in my hands back, seemingly trying to
crush it. I desperately tried to steady myself, but my feet were slowly
pushed behind.
If I was pushed back by another 10... no, 5cm, my sword skill
would be forcefully stopped. At that moment, my sword would be
deflected back, and my body would be slashed into heavily.
380 years.

This line suddenly appeared in my mind.

This amount of time had passed ever since Underworld was born.
Even if it was protected by the absolute law, even though this became a
world that didn’t have any real battles, the swordsmen born here kept
passing down the sword skills they refined for generations during
these hundreds of years of history. The outcome was already far
beyond the concept of «VRMMO game attack skills».
*Zuu*. My right foot was pushed behind again, and the glow
surrounding my black sword started to trembled as it flickered.
—However.

288

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I definitely wasn’t fighting just to earn experience or something.

For the sake of my good friend who I first met, who reached out
his warm hand to me, Eugeo. For the sake of Rina-sempai, who gently
yet sternly guided me and taught me countless things, and more so for
the people in the real world waiting for me to come back, Asuna,
Suguha, Klein, Liz, Sinon, Agil, Silica and so many people.
“I also... MUSTN’T LOSE HERE...!!!”

In what seemed to be a response to this roar that was not of a
voice—
*DOKUN!* The sword in my right hand trembled.

Golden lights appeared in the middle of the blue glow that was
vanishing. The lights continued to multiply, finally filling the inside of
the sword. While this phenomenon happened, the surroundings
suddenly got darker drastically, but I seemingly didn’t realize this.
That was because something stranger was happening on the
sword itself.

*KIN*, *KIN*. The sword gradually expanded. As it was covered
by a strong light effect, only Uolo and I could see that it was only
widened by several centimeters. However, that was obviously and
definitely not an illusion.

The sword blade, and even the hilt got slightly longer. I reached
my left hand, seemingly guided, and used both hands to grab onto the
sword hilt that was covered in black leather.

If this were Aincrad, this would be an irregular equipment, and
the sword skill would be forcefully ended. But at this point, the blue
glow of the Vertical Square that was about to vanish gained back its

289

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

glow once my left hand gripped onto it, merging with the golden lights
inside the blade, and seemingly swirling in a vortex.
I saw the wild force the black sword in my hands were releasing,
and for some reason, remembered it original state... I remembered the
«Giant Cedar». The same Gigas Cedar that stood high up in the middle
of the forest south of Rulid, I remembered how it absorbed a large
amount of resources from the earth and the sun, that pitch black giant
tree that was never cut down for more than 300 years.
...The sword’s... memories.

These words were revived in my ears again, and was immediately
covered by my roar.
“O...OOOOOOOHHHH!!!”

I squeezed out what remained of my strength and will, and raised
my right foot—forward.

*ZUN*. The moment my right foot landed on the floor, the
intensity of the energy caused by the clash between the two swords
crossed the limit and exploded.

That was caused by a high level combustible Sacred Art spell,
blowing Uolo and me away while we’re unable to resist. However, both
of us refused to back down as we continued leaning forward and
steady our feet. The soles that were hardened rubbed against the floor
of the arena, and small whiffs of smoke rose. We dragged two lines of
burnt marks as Uolo and I stopped right at the edges of the arena.
Both sides had their swords deflected greatly. Uolo’s «Avalanche»
ended as the orange light effect faded gradually.

290

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

However— My «Vertical Square» continued to activate even with
my hands holding my sword.
“SEIAAAAHHH!!”

I let out my momentum, stamped backwards and let out the final
hit by releasing an overhead slash. The sword drew a bright blue arc...
right at Uolo’s undefended chest—

*Chuu*. It gently grazed by, stopping just right in front of the
broken tile on the floor. The Vertical Square was not a lunge attack. I
tried my best to extend its range, but it wasn’t enough to reach through
the entire arena.

Uolo and I stared at each other from close range... At that moment,
a sharp voice rang.
“THAT’S ENOUGH!!”

I instinctively leapt back, pulled my distance and lowered my
sword. Uolo did the same on the other side as he got out of battle mode.

Once I realized this, I looked over at the source of the voice in a
skeptical manner, wondering who dared to decide this over the head
swordsman trainee in this spar that didn’t have any umpire. Then, I
was speechlessly shocked when I saw Miss Azurika, the dorm
supervisor of the novice trainees.

Why would she, a mere dorm supervisor instead of an instructor,
do such an umpire-like decision? And why did Uolo actually listen to
her obediently?

I stood blankly while these two heavy doubts surrounded me. At
this moment, the head swordsman trainee who lowered his sword
whispered to me from the left,

291

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

292

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“That lady’s decision has to be abided by.”
“...Eh, well... Why is that?”

“Because that woman was the first swordsman representative of
the Norlangarth Empire during the Four Empire Unity tournament 7
years ago.”
EHH—!?

Uolo Levanteinn turned back to me, with my eyes nearly popping
out, and nodded with a pilgrim-like expression instead of the sword
berserker chilling expression from before.
“The punishment for you has ended, novice trainee Kirito. Be
careful not to stain other people’s clothing with dirt in the future.”

After saying that, Uolo sheathed the sword back onto his left
waist and turned away.

The white and blue uniform casually crossed through the entire
arena, and at the moment he disappeared through the exit—

“UWAAHHH!!” A tremendous applause rained down on the entire
large practice field. Shocked, I looked around, and saw that the almost
100 students and even the teachers on the spectator stands were
applauding. At the frontmost row, standing right beside dorm
supervisor Azurika, who was applauding away with the usual serious
expression, was my teary partner— Eugeo, clapping away. I raised a
left fist at him gently. Beside him was the large frame of his mentor,
Golgosso-sempai who had appeared unknowingly.

Finally, I glanced at the sword in my right hand, checked whether
it reverted back to its original size, and sheathed it back with a chiin
sound— at that moment.

293

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

*BOSSN!*

My shoulders were slammed hard, causing me to jump up slightly.
The white slender hands clumsily turned me around, and I saw
Solterina-sempai giving a teary expression that was worse than Eugeo.
“...I thought you were about to be sliced down.”

I heard this in a voice that probably only I could hear, and nodded.
“Yeah... I thought so too.”

“...You knew and yet you wouldn’t surrender...... You, big idiot.”

Sempai closed her eyes, and her eyebrows twitched slightly.
However, it seemed that she finally managed to stop her crying with a
saving roll as she took a deep breath and opened her eyes wide. Her
navy blue eyes had a gentle light I had never seen before.

“That was beautiful... Really an exciting match, Kirito. Allow me to
thank you first. It’s a pity I can’t have it to myself... But, you showed me
a fight with all you had as you promised... Thank you.”
“Eh... But, the result was a draw...”

“Are you still unhappy that it was a draw, even if it was against
that Levanteinn?”
“N-No, that’s not it.”

As she saw me shake my head like a wave, sempai let out a rare
giggle, put her lips at my ears and whispered.

“It’s not a question of winning or losing here. Your performance
in your fight showed me something important... Something very
important. I feel thoroughly proud to be the inheritor of the Celulutestyle... and happy... to be able to be your mentor too.”

294

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

*Pon*. Rina-sempai knocked me on the shoulder, straightened
herself, and said with some traces of smile on her lips,

“There’s still some time until the curfew. How about you come
over to my room to celebrate? You can bring Eugeo-kun too... As for his
mentor, well, I’ll let him in too.”
On hearing sempai’s words, I showed a grin and nodded. I turned
around, raised my hand at Eugeo, and pointed at the exit. I saw him
and Golgosso-sempai walk there, and I walked side by side with Rinasempai out of the still energetic arena.

During this time, what took up 70% of my mind wasn’t the hidden
stash of red wine sempai had, not about Golgosso-sempai’s continuous
passionate sword skill history lectures—
...I could actually surrender when sparring while a punishment’s
carried out!!!
But that.

From the corner of my eyes, I saw that Rainos and Wanbell were
giving weird stares over here, but I basically ignored them and didn’t
bother.

295

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Part 6
In the floating city of Aincrad that once existed, there were
alcoholic drinks that were like rich red wine and light colored beer.

But logically speaking, even if I gulped down one large barrel of
strong alcohol, it would be impossible for me to get drunk. That’s
because the physical body lying in the real world never took a single
drop of alcohol.

Here, what was most shocking was that in this world, the alcohol
was all the real stuff—in other words, I would get drunk if I drink a lot.
The theory behind it was most likely because the Fluctlights had the
signal «Drunken state» prompted it. However, it seemed like the
designer who designed such a merciless world had a small sense of
conscience as even if drunk, it was ‘an active state where people don’t
lose their minds’. Since there won’t be drunkards who would make a
huge ruckus and start bawling, there wouldn’t be people breaking the
law by getting drunk.

—Even so, nobody could guarantee that this protective function
would be effective on me, so I stopped after drinking two glasses of
grape wine in the ‘celebratory event’ held in Rina-sempai’s room.
However, sempai opened a secret stash that was kept for more than
100 years, causing me, a complete amateur to grape wine, to exclaim
that it was good wine, so this self-restrain spent quite a lot of
willpower from me.

296

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Sempai, Eugeo, Golgosso-sempai and I got together as we talked
about our memories through this year, our predictions for the
graduation/promotion duels, and the passionate lectures about sword
skills and styles. Time flew, and it was 15 minutes till the curfew of the
novice trainee dorm.
I reluctantly retreated from the elite swordsmen dorm and
returned back to my dorm with Eugeo. I left my partner who was so
drunk he wouldn’t wake up in the room and walked to the flower pot
on the west side. Even though it was a rest day, I had to water the
Zephyria flowers. I walked down the stairs from the second floor and
opened the gates of the dorm.
During the time I laid Eugeo on the bed and put my black sword
into the drawer, the last trace of light disappeared from the sky, and
the outside was shrouded by the night.

I closed my eyes gently and slowly took in the cooling night
breeze and the smell of Anemone into my chest—while I was doing so,
I inadvertently frowned. There was some form of fragrance that was
different from the flowers being planted, the sticky animal-like odor
was mixed in slightly. Also, I had an impression on this smell. It was
what I smelled at dinner last night… however, this was a smell that
shouldn’t exist.

I suddenly opened my eyes wide, gathered my stares on the path
that divided the flower beds into two sides, and two figures appeared
on the other side of the darkness. They were wearing grey uniforms,
just like me, the novice trainee uniforms. However, they undid more
than 3 buttons in front of their chest, seemingly baring the weird
colored shirts inside for others to see. The one who wore the sticky
glossy red shirt was Rainos Antinos, while the one wearing a slightly
fluorescent light yellow shirt was Wanbell Jezeku.

297

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Why would they, who weren’t assigned the job of planting and
didn’t look like they had any interest in planting, be in the
garden…once this thought appeared in my mind, a bad premonition
reached me. I, who took a step out from the door on the west wall of
the dorm, stood rooted. Right in front of me, Rainos and Wanbell came
right at me, and then stopped 1m away from me.
“Oh my oh my. This is really a coincidence, trainee Kirito.”

Rainos used a sly…yet crude voice that was full of ill intent.

“I wanted to look for you now. This would save quite some work.”

Wanbell, who was standing right behind, let out an energetic
cackle, seemingly giving a melody to these words. I turned back to
Rainos, and coldly spoke,
“…What do you want?”

On hearing these really cold words, Wanbell’s face twisted, but
Rainos swung his right arm to stop him and answered my question.

“Of course, I want to offer my praise to your splendid battle. Who
could have thought that a valet who was given a restriction could fight
a tie with that Levanteinn-dono?”
“Oh my my, that’s true. Those toying-like sword skills really
caused the chairman-dono to have quite the hard time.”

Ku ku ku. Both of them chuckled in unison once they finished. I
lowered my voice even further, and spoke,

“Are you praising me? Or are you going to have me sell a fight to
you?”
298

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“Hahaha. How can that be possible? High class nobles will never
ask peasants to sell anything! Of course, the dorm would still be the
dorm!”

After laughing happily for quite a while, Rainos reached his left
hand into his uniform pocket, and pulled out something thin and long.

“To praise you for you act…excuse me, for your courageous duel,
allow me to offer this. You have to take this.”

Rainos took a step forward and stuffed something into the chest
pocket of my uniform.
“…Then, we’ll take our leave first. Sweet dreams, Kirito-dono.”

Raino’s muttered slightly to me from close distance as he smirked.
He shook his blond hair and passed by me. Wanbell then followed him
and brought his face over.
“Don’t get too cocky, you peasant without a family name.”

He left these words and followed Rainos.

BAM! Even after both of them walked into the door and seemingly
slammed the gate shut, I was unable to move for the time being. That
was because—
What Rainos stuck into my chest was a flower bud that had a
near-blue leaf and was about to be released. I used my icy cold right
hand to take it out from my pocket and stared at it carefully.

The tender stem was violently snapped, and it was not any of the
«Four Sacred Flowers» grown in the flower beds. It was the West
Empire produce, the Zephyria flowers that I continued to grow
painstakingly no matter how many times I failed during this half year.
299

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Once I realized this, I gritted my teeth with enough force to crush
the bud. If I had my sword now, maybe I would have rushed into the
dorm and sliced Rainos and Wanbell up into countless pieces. I gripped
tightly onto the light watercolored flower bud in my right hand and
charged towards the garden. I ran past the cross junction of the road
and into the shed near the wall on the other wall. The white porcelain
planted laid at a corner of the shed entered my eyes.
“…Ah, ahhh….”

My throat let out such a hoarse voice.

The 23 Zephyria seedlings that sprouted from the seeds I bought
from the spice merchants, these seeds that grew from a foreign land,
and were about to sprout out—were all mercilessly snapped in half.

Round flower buds were devastated as they fell around the
planter, and they had lost their unique blue-green color. The stems left
in the dirt were sagged, and obviously, their Lives were decreasing
drastically.
In the midst of these dead flower buds, the weapons for this
massacre were standing there like tombstones. Those were long and
narrow sickles used for plants with round fruits. Some people… no,
Rainos and Wanbell swung these sickles and mercilessly hacked the
flower buds down.

The strength was sucked out from my legs, and I knelt down in
front of the planter with a thud.
I blankly stared at the flower buds that were scattered around,
thinking with my mind that was half numb.
Why? While I knew the motive and methods clearly, but why
were they able to do such things? Deliberately destroying other

300

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

people’s goods was completely against the Taboo Index. Even highranking nobles shouldn’t be able to break this absolute law.

In Underworld, the possession rights of all the items were
indicated without error. I knew that only after going on my journey.
When opening my unique «window», those considered my possessions
would have a small P marker at the corner. On the other hand, those
without a P marker would not be mine, so it’s impossible for them to
steal it or wreck it.

It’s true that these growing plants didn’t belong to anyone, but
the authority of the soil, the land belonged to everyone. The plants
planted on whoever’s land would belong to that person. The Anemones
grown at the flower beds belonged to the Academy. Also, I thought the
zephyria flowers that were in the planter would similarly belong to me
as personal items I bought from the market in the 6th district and
planted in the planter in front of me. That was what I thought.

My mind, which was befuddled by rage and despair, thought till
here. I thought of something that caused me to widen my eyes.

Soil. The black soil that was contained in the planter… wasn’t dug
from the land of the Academy nor bought from the market. It was
brought over from the land outside Central, in the wilderness that
didn’t belong to anything. I once told this to Miller of the planting
committee and the rest. Rainos’ group knew of this and decided,

“Since the soil is from the wilderness that didn’t belong to anyone,
these flowers don’t belong to anyone’, right?”

If that was the case…then, this was a mistake I made. Since I left it
in the flower garden that anyone could access, I should have cautious
thought through the ownership issues.

301

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

The people of Underworld would definitely not break the law. But
this didn’t mean that all the residents of this world were kind. Some of
them were people who even thought that ‘anything not restricted by
the law can be done’.
I should have realized this during the Zakkaria swordsmanship
tournament.
“…I’m sorry…”

I picked up the flower buds that were scattered on the floor with
my right hand and gathered them in my left. However, what was
originally a blue-green color got obviously greyer in my palm.

The moment I picked up all 23 stems and flower buds, their Lives
dropped to 0. The flower buds formed dream-like blue-green light
particles and dissipated in mid-air.
Tears inadvertently rolled out from my eyes.

I forcefully tried to turn my lips into a smile, seemingly trying to
laugh at myself for having bad kids snap my own flowers. However, my
cheeks merely numbed up. The accumulated tears finally fell, and a
small puddle landed on the bricks beside my feet.
I finally understood what I was putting my hopes into these
Zephyria flowers for.

The first reason for growing these flowers was to test the power
of imagination in Underworld.

The second reason…was to grant the wish of Rina-sempai, who
once said to me ‘I want to see real Zephyria flowers for real once’.

However, there was a third reason I had never discovered till now.
I was definitely trying to use these flowers as my vestige by
302

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

desperately trying to make the flowers bloom on foreign land. I wanted
to share my burden with these flowers, the loneliness and burden…of
leaving my beloved people in the real world, and who I had no idea
when I would return back…
Tears continued to roll and glide down my cheeks, dripping on
the floor.

I desperately held back my sobs and curled up, trying to use my
hands to support myself from the floor.
I again remembered that voice.
—Go and believe.
—Go and believe in the power of the flowers that are growing in
foreign land. Also, believe in your own power for growing these flowers
till now.
I heard this inexplicable voice many times during my long journey.
It seemed to be a female voice, but it wasn’t a voice I was familiar with.
Also, it wasn’t the voice of the young girl I heard at the cave passing
through the Mountain Range of the Edge 2 years ago. It was a calm,
wise, gentle and warm voice…
“…But, they’re…all gone.”

I muttered. That voice calmly answered.
—It’s alright.

—The stems growing in this world are still trying their best to
survive. And…do you feel it. The many Sacred Flowers in the flower beds
are trying to save their small friends. They want to give their power of
Life to them. You can pass these wishes to the Zephyria stems.
303

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

“…I can’t do it. I can’t use those high level Sacred Arts.”

—All the spells are all just an arranging of thoughts and guiding
«emotions»…the power of the imagination in you mouth. Right now,
spells and mediums are unnecessary.
—Here, wipe off your tears and stand up. Go feel, feel the prayers of
these flowers.
—Feel, the laws of this world…

The voice ended here, seemingly disappearing somewhere in the
midst of the night sky.

I took a deep breath into my chest that was still trembling,
exhaled, used the sleeves of my uniform to wipe away my tears,
supported myself and stood up.

I slowly turned around, and an unbelievable scene appeared right
in front of me. The four Sacred Flowers that were grown in the 4 parts
of the flower beds…the blooming Anemones, the Marigolds that
weren’t even budding, the Dahlia that was growing a little stem and
even the Cattleya that was hidden underground were all giving off a
murky green glow in the dark night.
Sacred Power. Space resource. These words were all meaningless
in the face of this kind, steady yet powerful light.

I reached my arms out to these 4 Sacred Flowers, seemingly
guided.
“…Please, give me power…Life, share some with me.”

304

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

I muttered slightly and imagined. I imagined the Sacred Flowers
giving off Life, using me as a catalyst and flowing to the Zephyria
flowers left in the planter.

Countless flickering green lines appeared in the flower beds. They
continued to get close to each other, weave with each other, and finally
became countless thick bonds. I waved my fingers, and they danced in
the air silently before finally moving to a single point.
At this point, I just needed to watch them. The bonds of light
covered the planter that was left only with wilted stems, seemingly
surrounding it a few times…and seemingly forming a huge flower as it
got absorbed by the soil and disappeared.
And then,

The 23 stems slowly grew at a speed the naked eye could see.

The flower buds slowly expanded, seemingly spreading its sharp
precious blades-like leaves, and seemingly protected bythem.
I watched this scene, and tears again swelled.

This was…such an inexplicable world. Everything should just be a
virtual being, but it had a beauty even the real world couldn’t
match…the power of Life…and the firm will.
“…Thank you.”

I thanked the 4 Sacred Flowers in the flower beds and the owner
of that inexplicable voice. I pondered for a while, and took out the
school emblem from my uniform collar that was held with a pin. I
reached my hand out, put it in a corner of the planter, and seemingly
declared: This is my territory.
305

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

Once I return to the room, I’ll say sorry to the black sword lying in
the drawer…the branch of the Gigas Cedar. And then, I’ll thank it for
helping me in the duel against Uolo.
As I considered this, I continued to stare intently at the Zephyria
flowers that regained its life. The 7.30pm bell rang, and I finally stood
up from the flower beds and walked towards the dorm.

I inadvertently turned my head right in front of the door, and
everything, the stone hedge surrounding the flower beds, the back of
the large practice arena roof and the Axiom Church’s Centoria
Cathedral that looked like it was about to cut this starry night sky
entered my eyes. Orange lights came out from numerous windows like
skyscrapers in the real world, yet it was much taller and more beautiful
than those skyscrapers.
—Suddenly, a light left the tower from a rather tall tower.

How could that be? I stared at the light spot, but that wasn’t my
eyes seeing things or an illusion. The proof was that the light spot
continued to increase its brightness and closed in on the North
Centoria streets. The light continued to maintain its height as it
gradually glided, and its real identity was…
“…A flying dragon!”

I couldn’t be mistaken here. That was a light from a large lamp on
the dragon armor as it flew in the air. That wasn’t a signal or warning
light, but a lamp let the people on the ground show their fear and awe.
Riding on that dragon’s back was the strongest law enforcer in the
world—«Integrity Knight».
The giant dragon unfolded its wings, seemingly gliding through
the night sky and flew to the north east. It was most likely fulfilling its

306

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

duty of protecting the human world as it flew to the Mountain Range of
the Edge. Eugeo and I spent a year finishing this 750km, yet that
dragon only needed a day.

The light of the lamp disappeared, and I turned back to look at the
splendor of the Cathedral. The Integrity Knight probably flew from ¾
of the height. Maybe there was something like an airport there. I
continued to look up, and the highest level was mixed into the night
sky, so I couldn’t tell. There should be a door linking to the real world,
what I was looking for.

However—there was a fading feeling of wanting to go home,
increasing day by day. Was it my imagination? I was also getting the
feeling of wanting to know more about this world, unlike what I
wanted. Was I thinking too much…?

I took in the fragrance of these flowers and slowly exhaled it. I
looked away from the Cathedral and gently pushed aside the large old
gate of the exit.
At the end of March—

Second ranked elite swordsman trainee Solterina Celulute
defeated Top ranked elite swordsman trainee Uolo Levanteinn during
the final graduations selection battle, and graduated as the top student
of Norlangarth Master Swords Academy.

As she left, I handed her the planter full of Zephyria flowers. Rinasempai showed me a beaming smile for the first time, accompanied by
tears.
Two weeks after she graduated, she took part in the «Empire
Swordsmanship Tournament» held in the imperial arena, but was

307

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Chapter 4 – Imperial Master Sword Academy

matched against a member of the Norlangarth Knights. Unfortunately,
after an intense battle, she lost.

308

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

Interlude II

309

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

The sound of boots echoed throughout the wide room.
“Elite Swordsman trainee Eugeo-dono, I would like to report!
Today’s sweeping is completed!”
The source of the voice was a young girl that was wearing a grey
novice swordsman trainee uniform.

As it had not been even a month since she entered school in
spring and became a valet, her posture was full of nervousness.

Eugeo already tried his best to treat her nicely, but no matter
what he said, she could never relax... But Eugeo understood this
situation because he was the same last year. In a certain sense, the fact
that there were only 12 elite swordsmen was already scarier than the
instructors themselves for a novice student.

It would take around 2 months to initiate a normal conversation,
and it was the same for Eugeo as well. However, she was not a typical
partner after all, and this would be the only exception.

After closing the old sacred arts textbook, Eugeo stood up from
the high-back chair and nodded as he said.

“Thanks for everything, Teiza. You can now go back to your
dorm... Eh, erm...”

His vision switched to the girl with tea colored hair standing next
to the crimson haired Teiza, who was also straightening her back.

310

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

“...Sorry, Ronie. I told that person to come back before his room is
swept...”

Eugeo apologized for his partner who disappeared after the
training, the novice trainee called Ronie widened her eyes and shook
her head,

“It’s-It’s fine, the mission’s only completed until after the report!”

“Well, even if it is embarrassing, please wait for a little longer. I
don’t know how to say it, welll... I do apologize for my roommate’s
behavior...”

The Norlangarth Empire’s Master Sword Academy was an
institute that gathered the noble sons and daughters of Norlangarth
and groom them to become the best swordsmen. But once they
stepped through the gates of the school, those with noble blood would
have to start on the same line as the other novice trainees.

For the first year, there was almost no chance to even touch a real
sword, so the only thing they could do was to continuously train with a
wooden sword, studying the Art of Battle and learn Sacred Arts. Also,
the novice trainees had to complete all the other miscellaneous tasks
while studying.

The task assigned to them was determined by your score in the
sword skill exam. 90% of the students were assigned to clean the
school and maintain the tools, or grow the Sacred flowers. The top 12
students were assigned as valets for the elite swordsmen, and were
often the target of jealousy, envy from their peers and 2 months of
nervousness.

But, even though they were called valets, the actual tasks they got
did not really differ much as compared to the other students. They

311

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

cleaned up the elite swordsmen’s rooms like their peers cleaning the
classroom and the training area. If the student the valet followed was a
bad person who deliberately threw trash, made ruckus or had the
tendency to sometimes go out and disappear, the valet would be
troubled every day.

“...If you wish, Ronie, I can talk to the teacher and change your
mentor... If you keep following that person, it would definitely be a
tough year for you.”
“It’s-It’s not tough at all!”

After hearing Eugeo’s idea, Ronie once again shook her head, and
at this moment, there was a familiar noise that came not from the door,
but from the open window that was filled with the yellow sunset.
“Fufu, what are you talking about behind my back?”

The person who arrived in the room through the 3rd floor
window was the one wearing the elite swordsman uniform, Kirito. His
appearance was the same, but his uniform is pitch black, unlike
Eugeo’s blue and grey one. The color of their uniform could be chosen
as this was one of the many privileges of an elite swordsman trainee.

After seeing Kirito carry a bag that smelled really good, Ronie
shown a relieved face, but immediately showed a tense expression
again, and the sound of boots echoed around the room.
“Elite swordsman Kirito-sama, I would like to report! Today’s
sweeping is complete without delay!”
“Okay, thanks for everything.”

Kirito embarrassedly scratched his head as he answered Ronie,
not being used to the idea of having a valet as usual. Looking at him,

312

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

Eugeo gave a wry smile and started to officially ask his partner what
was going on.

“Uh, Kirito, I won’t tell you to not go out of campus, but the girls
are a lot busier than you, so please be back before the sweeping is
completed. Anyways, why did you have to come in through the
window?”

“Coming through the window would be the shortest distance if
you’re coming back from the 3rd Eastern Street. You should also
remember that, Ronie and Teiza. Maybe it would be useful in the
future.”
“Don’t teach them weird things! ...Speaking of the 3rd Eastern
Street, the things in the paper bag are honey pies right?”

The sweet smell that was flowing through Kirito’s hands violently
stimulated Eugeo’s pre-dinner stomach.
“...It is true those are good, but you don’t have to buy so much.”

“Fufu, you could have just said it directly if you want, Eugeo-kun.”

Kirito smirked as he took out 2 fresh golden honey pies. He
placed one in his mouth, one next to Eugeo, and gently placed the
remaining paper bag into Ronie’s hands.

“When you return to the dorm, eat it with your roommates.”

“WAAA!” Immediately, Ronie and Teiza squealed in happiness like
what 15-16 year old girls should have, but immediately frantically
stood back again.
“Tha-Thank you very much, Elite swordsman trainee-sama!”
Ronie said.

313

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

“Let’s hurry back to the dorm so that the food’s “Life” won’t drop
too much! See you tomorrow!” Teiza spoke loudly.

After doing a quick simple salute, the 2 walked through the room
with their boots calling, opened the door, and went out of the corridor.

They nodded slightly as the door was being closed, and happy
squeals could be heard with the rattling footsteps that quickly
disappeared as they moved further and further away.
“...”

While taking a large bite into the freshly baked pie, Eugeo stared
at Kirito.
“...What?”

“No, it’s nothing. It’s just that I’m thinking, oh elite swordsman
trainee Kirito-sama, that you might have forgotten the true reason why
we are here.”
“Ha, who can forget about that?”

Kirito quickly finished his pie, and after licking his thumbs, his
black eyes immediately looked out the window— far beyond the
beginner swordsmen’s dorm was the Axiom Church’s giant tower that
stood in the middle of Centoria.

“3 more times... We finally reached here. First, we have to beat the
other 10 elite swordsmen during the graduation test, and get the roles
of representatives of this school. Then, we have to defeat the uncles,
those knights and guards during the Imperial Swordsmanship
Tournament. Next, we have to be the last 2 standing in the Four
Empires Unity Tournament. Finally, you can become an Integrity
Knight and openly enter that tower.”

314

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

“Mn... 1 more year... then, we can finally...”

—Finally meet her, the blond girl, my friend who was taken by the
Integrity Knights in front of my eyes eight years ago.
Eugeo turned his eyes away from the Central Cathedral far away,
and focused on the black and white swords lying at the wall of the
room.
...As long as the blades of fate guiding us are still here, we will
definitely not fail...
Eugeo strongly believed without any doubt.

(Alicization Running End)
315

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Interlude II

316

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Afterword

Afterword
I’m Kawahara Reki. This is the «Sword Art Online 10 Alicization
Running» for everyone.

The tag «Running» was just as what it stated, how it was going on,
the running of the process. I did not expect this volume to not give the
impression of running however…the front half was completely filled
with an explanation of the situation (such things would happen when I
write my books). When exactly will Sword become Art? I think there
should be quite a few readers who thought this way. I will say some
usual words through this print. I’m really sorry for having so many
explanations.
On a side note, I need to confess to everyone. The questionable
chapter where Kikuoka-shi, who should be on the protagonist side,
started talking about all those things were not a representation of the
author’s thoughts. His motives were all developed from his position. Of
course, there were many characters with opposing motives (in fact,
Asuna denied Kikuoka’s thoughts…). I did not want to do this
«distancing of character and author» in the first place and explain my
position in the main text to the readers, but this part of my work here
was not very positive…I will continue to work hard on improving my
writing abilities, and I hope everyone can understand.
Also, another thing I have to apologize for. This book was
released on the 10th of July, 2012, breaking the traditional format of

317

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Afterword

selling «a specific few months after release» ever since it was released.
I wanted to match the release of the TV anime SAO release time, but it
was true that I risked the timing. I am really sorry to all the readers
who were hoping for regular releases! Also, I predict (or maybe, I
hope) that «Accel World 12» after this volume will be released in
August as planned. After that I will go back to releasing every alternate
months. I think I really have to work hard in aspects I have to work
hard in. If there is any day where the schedule collapses, I will
apologize fully then…even though I say so, I will be really sorry if that
‘which day’ would happen this year…
As I stated before, the TV anime premiere should be starting
while this volume’s released. SAO, which started in a certain corner of
the web as a web novel 10 years ago, was serialized by Dengeki Bunko,
turned into a manga, became a Drama CD, and animated. Of course, I
am really happy, but I still felt a little sense of disbelief. This was not a
game script, but there were many breaking points here. If the
supervisor was not Miki-shi, if the illustrator was not abec-san, if I did
not win the grand prize of the 15th Dengeki Bunko light novel contest,
if the web serialization was stopped, if I did not have the idea of
‘writing a death game VRMMO’ ten years ago, there probably would
not be such a situation. I am basically a person who will do when I
want to and definitely not do when I do want to, but this work called
SAO gave me such great power I had never imagined before. Of course,
most of this here would be the power of the great readers who gave
support to this work and the author. The story will continue, and if I
can continue to accompany Kirito on his adventure, that will be
grateful.
318

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Afterword

Unknowingly, it is now the 3rd page. I want to write about some
recent situation…but I cannot think of anything good to write…! The
one bike I liked had a fixed travelling distance, exactly similar to the
treadmill I have at home. I wondered whether the output will decrease
with the input, so I tried my best to think about what I wanted to do,
going everywhere to travel and stuff, but due to time constraints, my
interested were limited. To be honest, I really want to do these things
now! That was what I felt when I wrote this original script (laughs).
Even if I do so, my writing speed will not increase, which really
infuriates my heart.
It is only 3 years after release that I am expressing such thoughts,
but I am really fortunate to write what I want to say. It looks easy, but
in fact, it is really, really hard. And even if I work hard, what I could do
got lesser and lesser…as for my health, I have to continue cycling. My
aim is to cycle 150km every week.

There are still 14 lines, but the time limit for handing in my script
would be 10 minutes later, so I will stop here. If it were the old me, I
would take 5 lines writing my thanks, but I can only write a few things
here, so I will use future developments instead…
In the third volume of the «Alicization series», Kirito and Eugeo
will finally move to the core of Underworld. How the world is
constructed, and who rules this world will be revealed…these should
be all for future developments, so please continue to support the next
volume of this series.

I hope for great support for the anime and the SAO game edition
that is developed by the makers. I guess it will not be those death
games you cannot log out from!

319

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Afterword

A certain day in May 2012, Kawahara Reki

320

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Credits

Credits

Sword Art Online 10
Alicization Running
Story
Illustration
Translators

Kawahara Reki
abec

Teh_Ping

Vermiculo
- Interlude II

Project Hosted at www.baka-tsuki.org
321

Sword Art Online Volume 10 – Alicization Running
Credits

322

