Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Chapter 7
The Two Supervisors
5th Month of Human World Calendar 380
Part 1
I, Kirigaya Kazuto, had logged out from the VRMMO-RPG, «Sword
Art Online», on the 7th of November, 2024.
It was mid-December when I returned to my home in Kawagoe
City, Saitama Prefecture, following my rehabilitation period. I had
turned sixteen a couple of months ago, but since I had been
challenging the fiftieth floor of Aincrad while my previous peers
in the same grade were challenging the high school entrance
examinations, there was obviously no school that I could attend.
Fortunately—though I hesitate to call it such, I received a
certificate of graduation from the middle school I've only half
finished, so the normal route would be to spend my time at a
preparation school until I can take the examinations next year,
postponed by a year. However, here, the country proposed an
unimaginable relief measure.
Among the roughly six thousand players who returned alive from
imprisonment in SAO, the middle-and-high schoolers numbered
over five hundred. It was decided that a school for them all would
be established in Nishitokyo, Tokyo, from the April of 2025 with
no need for entrance examinations or school fees, and the
graduates would be granted qualifications to take entrance
examinations for universities.
The building used was that of a metropolitan high school,
abandoned the previous year and awaiting its demolition. Reemployed teachers who had retired from old age, serving parttime, largely made up the teaching staff. It was classified as a
National Vocational School under the School Education Law.
8

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

That unexpected level of sympathy, even as a safety net, certainly
did cause a tinge of unease, but I decided to enter after consulting
Asuna and of course, my family. I have never regretted it even
once. Designing and creating various devices with friends in my
Mechatronics course was extremely fun and I could meet Asuna,
Lisbeth, Silica, and the rest every day. I could still claim it was a
fulfilling schooling life even after taking away points for the
compulsory weekly counselling session.
However, I was unable to attend that school to the end as well.
It was a year and two months after I entered, on the 6th of June,
2026. For some unknown reason, I gained consciousness in
another world, «Underworld». Waking in the forest near Rulid
Village, on the northern edge of the Human World, I had cried out
with all I could muster to the staff from the venture company that
should have been developing and managing this world, Rath, but
no reply came back.
Reluctantly, I aimed for the place most likely to have a console
capable of contacting the outside world from here—the center of
the Human World, Central Centoria, or what was at its core, the
Axiom Church's towering Central Cathedral, and had set out on a
journey from Rulid with the partner I had met in this world,
Eugeo.
I had somehow reached Centoria after spending an Underworld
calendar year's worth of time, but I hadn't simply continued on
and entered the Cathedral. The gate of the Axiom Church was
always firmly shut, with access restricted to the champion
swordsman of the «Four Empires Unity Tournament» held in
spring each year.
Hence, Eugeo and I, both aiming for the Cathedral, had first
enrolled in the «Imperial Sword Mastery Academy» to earn the
qualification required to enter the tournament, though we had
differing goals. Its curriculum would be impossible in the real
9

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

world, comprising mainly of swordsmanship and magic (or to be
accurate, sacred arts) and it was also my first time living in a
dormitory; those were my circumstances, but I still got used to my
life at the Sword Mastery Academy... no, I could even say that I
enjoyed my time there.
However, a year and a month after my enrollment, in the fifth
month of year 380 on the Human World Calendar, once again, an
incident occurred that caused an inevitable cessation to my
schooling life. A couple of upper class male nobles tried to toy
with both my «valet trainee»; a novice trainee by the name of
Ronye, and Eugeo's valet; Tiezé, through a cunning trap.
Eugeo, who happened to be at the scene, broke through the
absolute restriction of «disobeying the law» and drew his sword.
Just as he slashed away the left arm of the upper class noble,
Humbert, with an all-out attack, I finally finished running there,
and exchanged sword blows with the upper class noble, Raios,
severing both of his hands.
Although those were major wounds, his life would have been in
no danger if the blood flow was immediately sealed and the
wounds treated with sacred arts, but then, a strange phenomenon
occurred. Pressed to choose between the highest law in the
Human World, the «Taboo Index», and his own will, he cried out
in an alien voice as he died... no, as he halted all action.
The academy had expelled Eugeo and myself and an «integrity
knight», dispatched by the Axiom Church, had incarcerated us in
the jail under the cathedral. Undiscouraged by my third time
«leaving a school midway», we immediately broke out and
wandered through the rose garden in the grounds; searching for
an entrance to the cathedral building itself, during which we
became embroiled in a battle against a new integrity knight, and
the one who saved us as we desperately ran everywhere was—
A mysterious, young girl who named herself «Cardinal».
10

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Cardinal, who lived in a humongous library room existing in a
hermetic space, made Eugeo, drenched as he fell into a fountain
during the battle, go to the bathroom and in that time, revealed a
truth I found astonishing.
That this world, Underworld, was a simulation of a civilization
that had undergone through at least four hundred and fifty years
internally.
That the highest minister of the Axiom Church, ruling over the
world, was once a beautiful young girl named Quinella; no
different from a normal inhabitant.
The girl who had devoted herself to the usage of sacred arts, or in
other words system commands, pursued power to such an extent
that she reached a forbidden incantation—a command to read the
«entire command list». There was no other means for a single
subject within the simulation to be promoted to a supervisor.
With her absolute authority to rule, Quinella was likely looking
down on this world from the top floor of the Central Cathedral
now. Was that look directed towards Eugeo and I, lost in the
sacred garden, as well...?
Cardinal, sitting on the opposite side of the round table, turned a
derisive smile onto me as she looked at me shivering from a
sudden chill. Taking a sip of tea from the cup atop the table, she
lifted her small spectacles.
"It is far too early to shudder in fear."
I suppressed the chills and somehow replied to her calm words.
"Aah... sorry, please go on."
Lifting my cup, I sipped at the tea that tasted similiar to coffee in
the real world.
11

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Cardinal leaned her small frame against the chair's back support
and began talking once more, in a tranquil tone.
"Going back two hundred and seventy years into the past...
Quinella successfully called out the entire command list, firstly
raising her own authority level to the maximum; one capable of
directly interfering with the Cardinal System controlling the
world. Next, she endowed herself with all of the authorities that
only the Cardinal System possessed. Terrain and building
manipulation, item generation, even the manipulation of the
durability belonging to dynamic units, including humans... or in
other words; the manipulation of Life..."
"Manipulation of... Life. Then that means, in other words, her life
span..."
The youthful sage gave a composed nod at my timid query.
"It meant she could transcend it. Altered into a full supervisor,
Quinella's first course of action was to completely restore her
own Life, which was eighty years and on the verge of vanishing.
Continuing on, she halted its natural degeneration. Furthermore,
she recovered her youthful outward appearance. Quinella's
rapture at regaining the scintillating beauty from her late teens
was likely... something beyond the imagination of someone like
you; young, and not to mention, male, however..."
"Well... I do understand that would be one of the ultimate dreams
for women."
Cardinal gave a callous snort when I meekly replied.
"Even I, who possess no human emotion, could claim to be
thankful for this static external form. I do have a tremendous
desire to grow another five or six years worth, but... —
Nonetheless, having finally completely satisfied all of the desires
that spurred her on made Quinella exceptionally exhilarated.
12

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

After all, she now obtained the power to freely manipulate the
vast Human World and eternal beauty as well. She was in
ecstasy... the zenith of ecstasy. Enough to shed a sheer, sliver of
her sanity..."
Cardinal's large eyes suddenly narrowed deep beyond her
spectacles. As though she was mocking mankind's foolishness—
or perhaps, pitying them.
"—It would have been for the best if she was satisfied there and
then. However, it turned out there truly was no bottom to the
gaping hole within Quinella's heart. That one knew not what was
enough... she could not even permit the existence of one who held
equal authority to hers."
"Was that... in reference to the Cardinal System itself?"
"Indeed. She also tried to remove a bundle of programs that held
no awareness. However... even with her proficiency at the sacred
arts, Quinella in the end is nothing more than an Underworld
inhabitant, unconnected to the scientific civilization. There was no
possibility of her understanding the complex syntax of the
commands from the supervisor-level authority in a single night.
Quinella recklessly tried to decipher the reference written for the
sake of Rath's engineers... and she erred. A mere, single, and
enormous mistake. She thought of taking the whole of Cardinal
within herself, devised an extensive command, and then recited it.
As a result..."
The girl spoke with a murmur much like a sigh.
"...Quinella ended up burning the primary instructions assigned to
the Cardinal System into her own fluct light as a read-only
behavioral principle. She intended to steal the authority level
alone but ended up fusing Cardinal with her own soul!"
"...What... what was that...?"
13

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

My comprehension unable to catch up, I blankly muttered.
"Cardinal's primary instructions... to be specific, what would those
be...?"
"—«Preservation of regularity». That is the purpose behind
Cardinal's existence. You, too, ought to understand if you have
came into contact with a world of a similar system. Cardinal is
always observing the actions of «players» like the lot of you. And
the very moment any phenomenon is detected that threatens to
throw the world's balance into disarray, it rectifies that without a
shred of mercy."
"Aah... that's true. I spent day and night scheming to outwit
Cardinal, but it filled in any loopholes immediately after I found
them..."
When I muttered while recalling how safe yet effective farming
spots were entirely dealt with during my SAO days, Cardinal made
a conceited-seeming smile once again. It was only when she had
that face on that the atmosphere of a sage around her turned into
that of an innocent, young girl of her apparent age.
"That goes without saying, no matter how many greenhorns get
together, they won't be able to outwit Cardinal. ...However,
Quinella went far beyond even that for her preservation of
regularity. Writing the instructions onto her fluct light, or in other
words, her soul, caused Quinella to faint and she awoke only after
an entire day of sleep. By then, she could have been considered to
no longer be human in various ways. She would not age, she
would neither drink water nor eat bread... her only desire was for
the Human World she ruled over to eternally remain the same..."
"Eternally... remain the same..."
While repeating her words in a murmur, I pondered.

14

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Aside from the general purpose AI; the Cardinal System, all of the
supervisors for the various existing VRMMOs would probably
wish for their game worlds to continue on. They would regulate
the balance between the currency, as well as the item and
monster spawns, in a bid to preserve regularity. However, there
was a single factor even supervisors possessing godlike power
could not control. Players.
Could that not be said to apply to this Underworld as well...?
And, as if she saw through my thoughts, Cardinal gave a slight nod
and resumed her explanation.
"Formerly, what the Cardinal System controlled were animals,
vegetation, terrain, and weather; that is objects and effects... in
other words, it acted as a foundation for the world, with no
interference in the actions of its inhabitants, the artificial fluct
lights. ...However, Quinella was different. She even thought about
restraining the humans' lives for all of eternity."
"Restraining... in other words, making everybody repeat the same
routine day after day without anything new... was that what you
meant...?"
"Nn... well, that is essentially it. Allow me to continue... fused with
the Cardinal System, Quinella first amended her own name. To
the... highest minister of the Axiom Church, Administrator."
I cut in once again the instant I heard that.
"H-He said that name too. That Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis...
erm..."
"Thirty-one, I'm sure."
"Right, that's it. I believe he said he received an invitation from
the highest minister, Administrator-sama, and then came down to
the land from the Celestial World or something like that. ...I see, so
15

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

he was referring to Quinella... How should I say this, she sure took
up an amazing name, huh."
To me, the English word, «Administrator», was one that I
associated with a supervisor-level account rather than its
definition of an actual supervisor. It was unconfirmed which
meaning Quinella had in mind when she named herself so,
though.
Cardinal made a faint, wry smile at my remark and nodded.
"It wasn't at the level of naming herself as the god of this world,
but it could be said to be much like how she would handle things...
—Regardless, now the supervisor in both name and reality,
Quinella first proclaimed a single edict. For the four great nobles
of that age to ascend to the position of emperors, splitting the
Human World into four empires: north, east, south, and west.
Kirito, you have seen the walls that divided Central Centoria into
four, haven't you?"
It was my turn to nod this time as the one being asked.
The Sword Mastery Academy I lived at was in the 5th District of
Norlangarth North Empire's capital, Northern Centoria. The white
stone barrier could always be seen from the dormitory's
windows, far taller than any other structure within the city.
Beyond those walls called the «immortal walls» were the capitals
of the other empires; a great cause for surprise when I first found
out.
"The masses did not quarry marble and pile them up over years
for those walls. Quinella... no, Administrator made them appear in
an instant with her godlike might."
"...In-Instantly!? Those walls!? That's way beyond the limits of
sacred arts... the people of Centoria back then must have been
shaking in their boots...?"
16

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Naturally, that was her aim. To show the masses the power of the
Cardinal System and to instill a tremendous awe into them. With
that psychological barrier and the «immortal walls», a physical
barrier, she attempted to restrict the masses' movements and
interactions. For the sake of letting the Axiom Church seize the
transmission channels for news, so as to control the masses'
hearts. She wished for the people to remain devoted believers of
the church for eternity, staying ignorant and naive... —Those
absurd immortal walls were not the end to the physical barriers
she created. In order to restrain the various regions that pioneers
resided in, from spreading out, Administrator set down many
humongous objects. A huge, unbreakable rock; a swamp that
could never be filled; a rapid, uncrossable stream; a gigantic,
unfellable tree..."
"H-Hold on. An unfellable tree... you say?"
"Indeed. She granted a ridiculously-sized cedar tree near-infinite
priority and durability."
I instinctively recalled that demonic tree—the Gigas Cedar that
possessed a hardness that would made one want to cry, and
gently rubbed my two palms together under the table.
In other words, that meant the Gigas Cedar did not spring forth
naturally in the forest south of Rulid Village but was deployed by
Administrator to restrict the villagers from expanding their
livable area with its horrifying durability and ability to drain
resources, as an artificial obstacle.
So there were still many such objects around this world? And
many humans have been persevering for hundreds of years of
futile effort in order to remove them...?
Raising my head, the girl who called herself Cardinal looked at me
with that usual gaze saying that she saw through to my inner
thoughts. Her tiny lips moved and her placid words streamed on.
17

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...And thus, a peaceful yet idle age continued on and on under the
absolute Administrator's reign. Twenty years... thirty years later...
the masses lost their disposition for progress; the nobles indulged
in their idle lives; swordsmanship, polished by the swordsmen of
ancient times, degenerated into a mere performance. As you
ought to know. Forty years, fifty years later, Administrator felt a
deep satisfaction looking down upon the daily life of the Human
World, indolent, as though it was soaked in a languid, warm
bath..."
In short, it was like gazing at and relishing an aquarium after
putting the finishing touches to its perfect ecosystem.
Complicated emotions assailed me upon recalling how I stared at
an ant observation kit without getting bored when I was young
and Cardinal, sunk in rumination with her eyes cast down like
myself, spoke in a clear voice.
"However, it is impossible for any sort of system to remain in
stasis for all eternity. Something was bound to occur sooner or
later. ...Seventy years after Quinella became Administrator, she
discerned an anomaly of sorts within herself. Incidents happened,
that she certainly couldn't turn a blind eye to, such as her
consciousness disappearing for short periods even outside of
sleep, being unable to recall memories from a few days ago, and
beyond all else, the inability to instantly remember those system
commands that she should have perfectly committed to memory.
Making free use of the supervisor commands, Administrator
examined her own fluct light to the last detail... and shuddered at
the results. After all, the capacity of the sector used for preserving
her memories had reached its limit without her knowledge."
"Li-Limit!?"
I yelled her words back at the story's unexpected development. It
was the first time I had heard of a maximum limit to the capacity
of the memory space... or to use another word, the data capacity
of the soul.
18

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"What's there to be surprised about, is it not logical if you only
give it a little thought? The sizes of light cubes that store fluct
lights, and actual brains, are limited and as such, so are the
number of quantum bits that can be stored."
Turning to Cardinal, calmly speaking on, I raised my right hand
and requested clarification.
"Ho-Hold on a moment. Erm... the «light cube» thing that's been
popping up in our conversation from earlier is the medium that
the fluct lights of the people in the Underworld are saved in,
right?"
"What, were you unaware of even that? Indeed, a light cube is
shaped as a cube with a length of five centimeters, with each one
able to perfectly contain the fluct light of a single Underworld
inhabitant, not to mention no resources are necessary to save. A
«Light Cube Cluster», with each side measuring three meters, was
made by assembling them together."
"Er, erm... gathered together, five centimeters each, three
meters..."
I tried to mentally calculate the total number of light cubes, but as
I was dividing three hundred by five, Cardinal effortlessly spoke
out the answer.
"The logical value for the total would be two hundred and sixteen
thousand. However, due to the existence of the «Main Visualizer»,
the main storage, there ought to be less than that."
"Two hundred and sixteen thousand... So that's the maximum
population of the Underworld, huh..."
"Indeed. By the way, there is still a considerable amount of
surplus space, so there is no need to worry about the number of
empty cubes if you're in the mood to make a baby with some
dame."
19

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Yeah... wait, I won't be making anything like that!"
The young sage returned to the main topic after looking at me
shaking my head to and fro in a panic.
"...However, as I've mentioned earlier, each light cube will
eventually reach the limit of its memory capacity. Administrator
had already lived for a ridiculous hundred and fifty years,
including the time between the birth and deterioration of
Quinella. The flask containing her memories had finally started
overflowing from all that was stored within it throughout this
time, inducing difficulties in the writing, preservation, and
retrieval of her memories."
It was quite a chilly issue. It wasn't something irrelevant to me; I
had already accumulated over two years of memories in this
world with an accelerated rate of time. Even if only mere months,
or perhaps days, have passed in the real world, the «life span of
my soul» was definitely being consumed.
"Rest easy, there are still more than enough blank sheets within
your fluct light."
As though she read my thoughts once again, Cardinal pointed it
out with a wry smile.
"Wh... when you say it like that, it feels like you're implying that
my mind's empty..."
"It would be like a picture book against an encyclopedia, if you
compare the two of us."
Taking a sip of the tea with a composed expression, Cardinal
cleared her throat.
"—Let me continue. As expected, even Administrator panicked at
the unforeseen situation of a limit to her memory capacity. After
all, there existed a life span that she had absolutely no control
20

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

over, unlike one with a numerical value like Life. However, she
was not one to willingly accept her fate. Analogous to how she had
once usurped the seat of god, that being came up with yet another
demonic solution..."
Showing an unpleasant scowl, Cardinal placed the cup back and
tightly linked together her two hands, similar to flower petals,
above the table.
"...In those days... that is, two hundred years ago, there was a
young girl, at the mere age of ten or so, studying sacred arts on
the lower floors of the Central Cathedral as an apprentice nun of
the church. Her name was... no, I've forgotten her name... She was
born in a family of furniture craftsmen in Centoria and through
the fluctuations of randomized parameters, she possessed a
slightly higher system access authority than others. As such, she
was bestowed the sacred task of being a nun. She was a scrawny
little lass with brown eyes and curly hair of the same color..."
I involuntarily blinked my eyes and checked Cardinal's
appearance, on the other side of the table. I could only imagine
that the description previously was one of herself, no matter how
it was rephrased.
"Administrator had that little lass brought up to the living room of
the top floor of the Cathedral and welcomed her with a smile filled
with kindness like a holy mother's. That being spoke thus—'You
will be my child from now on. A child of god that will guide the
world.'... It was the truth to an extent. In the sense as one
inheriting information from her soul. Though naturally, there
wasn't a single trace of motherly love. ...Administrator intended to
overwrite the little lass's fluct light with the thought domain and
important memories of her own."
"Wha..."

21

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

A chill crept up my back yet again. Overwriting the soul—the act
of speaking those words out alone was repulsive enough. While
rubbing together my palms that had gotten damp with cold and
sweat without my notice, I forced my numbed mouth to move.
"St... still, if she could manipulate fluct lights to such detail,
couldn't she just delete the memories she didn't need?"
"Would you edit an important file without prior preparation?"
Her immediate retort had me at a momentary loss for words and I
shook my head.
"N... no, I would make a backup."
"Of course you would. Administrator had not forgotten about the
full day she lost consciousness when she once took in the Cardinal
System's behavioral principles. That's how dangerous direct fluct
light manipulation is. What if I ended up damaging important data
while putting my own memories in order... fearing so, she planned
to first take over the girl's soul that had plenty of remaining
memory capacity, affirm the copy turned out well, then dispose of
the soul she had used thus far, worn out to its limit. She was truly
meticulous, truly prudent... however, that turned out to be
Administrator's... no, Quinella's second blunder."
"Blunder...?"
"Indeed. After all, it was only in that single moment when she
possessed that little lass and also governed the existence she had
used until then... that the gods carrying that same level of
authority numbered two. A fiendish ceremony, thoroughly
planned and prepared by Administrator... meant she finally
succeeded in hijacking a fluct light through the «Synthesis Ritual»;
its name signifying the unification between soul and memory. I... I
was waiting for just such a moment... over that long seventy
years!!"
22

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I merely stared at Cardinal's face, confused, while she cried out
with slight emotion.
"Hold... Hold on a minute. Who exactly are you... the Cardinal
that's speaking to me right now?"
"—Do you still not understand?"
At my question, Cardinal pushed her glasses up as she whispered.
"Kirito, you know of my original version, do you not? Try stating
the characteristics of the Cardinal System."
"Er... erm..."
Knitting my brows, I brought back memories from my Aincrad
days. That automatic management program was first developed
by Kayaba Akihiko to manage the death game, SAO. In other
words—
"...Making manual adjustments and maintenance unnecessary,
and the ability to operate for long stretches of time...?"
"Indeed. And in order to do that..."
"In order to do that, it has two core programs... while the main
process carries out balancing adjustments, the sub-process
performs an error check on the main..."
Getting to that point in my words, I left my mouth agape and
stared at the young girl with swirly, curly hair.
I should have been well aware that the Cardinal System had a
powerful error correction function installed. After all, the AI,
«Yui», who became the daughter of Asuna and myself while we
were clearing SAO was originally a subordinate program of
Cardinal, and I desperately struggled to save her from Cardinal

23

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

who recognized her as a foreign body and mercilessly tried to
eliminate her.
To be specific, I simply accessed the SAO's program space from a
system console, searched for the files that made up Yui,
compressed them, and set that as an object; carrying it out in the
few tens of seconds before Cardinal detected my system
intervention and quarantining it, however, was probably a true
miracle in itself. That enormous presence I confronted, with a
single holo-keyboard between us, was truly Cardinal's error
correction process... which would also perhaps be this lovely girl
sitting before my own eyes right now.
Aware or not of my complex, deep emotions, Cardinal spoke with
a light sigh as though she was dealing with an unperceptive child.
"So it seems you have finally noticed. —The principles of behavior
Quinella carved into her own fluct light did not merely include
one. The instruction given to the main process, «to preserve the
world». And the instruction given to the sub-process, «to correct
the errors made by the main process»."
"Correct... the errors?"
"When I was still a program yet to gain awareness, I existed
purely to continuously examine the data expelled by the main
process. However... when I gained individuality as a «shadow
consciousness» of Quinella, so to speak, I had to judge my own
conduct without assistance from redundant code or anything of
that sort. You see... it would be somewhat like what you lot call a
«split personality»."
"I believe there are some with the opinion that split personalities
exist only in fiction, though."
"Oh, really now. However, it is truly a tale I could consent to, you
see. Only in that instant Quinella's consciousness slightly relaxed,
24

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

could I float to the surface of her thought process. And I thought.
About what an atrocious error this woman, Quinella... no,
Administrator was committing, that is."
"Was it... an error...?"
I instinctively asked in return. After all, if the preservation of the
world formed the basis of Cardinal's main process, what Quinella
had done would be in tune with that principle regardless of how
radical the measures adopted were.
However, Cardinal answered in a dignified tone, taking my glance
head-on.
"Then allow me to ask you. Has the Cardinal System of that other
world you knew ever harmed players of its own volition, even
once?"
"N.... no, it didn't. True, it was the players' ultimate enemy, but...
there weren't any unreasonable direct attacks, sorry about that."
When I spontaneously apologized, Cardinal gave a short snort
through her nose and continued.
"However, she did. She imposed a penalty more cruel than even
death upon those who showed signs of harboring suspicion or
opposing the Taboo Index she established... However, I shall leave
the details for later. In that extremely rare respite from sleep, I,
the Cardinal System's sub-process, judged that Administrator was
a major error in and of herself and attempted to purge that. To be
specific, I tried to jump down from the top floor thrice, tried to
stab my heart with a knife twice, and tried to incinerate my own
self with sacred arts twice. After all, if I could reduce my Life to
zero in one action, even the highest minister would not be
exempted from erasure."

25

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

The heroic words coming out from the mouth of the young, sweet
girl rendered me speechless. But Cardinal continued ahead in a
composed tone without the slightest twitch from her eyebrows.
"The final attempt was a true pity. By releasing a sacred art with
an exceptional offensive ability from among the entire lot, raining
a continual tempest of lightning bolt strikes onto myself, even
Administrator's enormous Life was reduced to a mere single digit.
However, the main process then seized control over the body...
With things in that state, any sort of injury or fatal wound was
rendered null. She returned to as she always was in the blink of an
eye with a full recovery sacred art ritual. Moreover, due to that
incident, even with all she had, Administrator genuinely regarded
me... in other words, the sub-process under her subconscious, as a
danger. Upon noticing that the only times I could wedge myself
into the right of control was when some conflict occurs within her
fluct light... or simply put, during times of emotional distress, she
tried an unthinkable method to hold me in."
"Unthinkable...?"
"Yes. Even if she was chosen as a sorceress of Stacia from birth,
Administrator was a child of man. She possessed the emotions to
look at flowers and think them beautiful or to listen to music and
find it fun, at the very least. The emotional circuit she developed
back then still remained in the depths of her soul even after
turning into an absolute being, half-human and half-god. She
judged that emotion was the source of her unrest whenever she
encountered an unexpected event, however slight it might be.
Therefore, she made free use of the supervisor-only commands to
manipulate her fluct light within her light cube and suspended her
own emotional circuit."
"Wha... suspending her circuit, does that mean that she was
basically destroying a part of her soul?"

26

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I replied while shuddering and Cardinal returned a muted nod
with a grimace.
"B-But well, something as outrageous as that... sounds like an
even more dangerous action than the copying of her fluct light
earlier, though..."
"Of course, she did not handle her own soul without prior
preparation or anything of that sort. The woman, Administrator,
was one cautious enough to hate the very idea of that, see. —Have
you already noticed the presence of various hidden parameters
not displayed upon the Stacia Window... or in other words, the
status window?"
"Aah, well, somewhat... I saw a handful of humans with strength
and agility not matching their outward appearances, after all..."
The one that came to mind while I answered was the one I served
for a year as a valet trainee, Sortiliena-senpai. Her body was
slender, narrow, and perhaps could even be thought of as delicate,
but she overpowered me many times when we locked swords.
The young girl from whom I felt a limitless dignity, despite an
outward appearance more fragile than senpai, lightly lifted and
dropped her hat at my words.
"Yes. And within those hidden parameters, there exists one called
«Transgression Quotient». A value evaluated by analyzing the
compliance to the law and rules of each inhabitant through their
speech and conduct, converted into numerals. It was probably
created for easy monitoring for observers from the outer world,
but... Administrator quickly noticed this transgression quotient
parameter could be used to reveal the humans skeptical of the
Taboo Index she established. To that being, such humans were
like bacteria that snuck into a sterilized room. She felt an urgent
need to exterminate them, but she could not break that single
command to not murder passed down, to her as well, by her
27

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

parents when she was young. Therefore, in order to render those
inhabitants with a high transgression quotient harmless without
resorting to murder, Administrator instead carried out a dreadful
procedure upon them..."
"That's... the thing that you spoke of earlier, that penalty more
cruel than death?"
"Absolutely. She had those humans with a high transgression
quotient serve as experimental subjects for art rituals to
manipulate their fluct light directly. Which part of the light cube
stored which information, which part should be tampered with to
make them lose their memories, lose their emotions, lose their
thought processes, and so on... even the observers from the
outside world hesitated to carry out such atrocious human
experiments."
I felt goosebumps creep up my arms the moment I heard that last
phrase, spoken in a whisper.
Cardinal, too, made a dismal expression and continued on in a
deathly-stifled voice.
"...The humans offered up for the initial experiments mostly
forfeited their individualities, reduced to beings that existed
purely to breathe. Administrator froze their flesh and Life, and
preserved them in the cathedral. Her fluct light manipulation art
advanced through the repetition of such injustice. She performed
the suspension of her emotions in a bid to hold me in, too, only
after attempting time after time on the humans brought to the
tower. She was around a hundred years old then."
"...Did she, succeed?"
"You could say she did. She failed in abandoning all emotions but
succeeded in purging those that acted as the source of that abrupt
unrest: fear, fright, and anger. From then, Administrator's heart
28

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

did not waver regardless of the kind of event she encountered.
She was truly a god... no, she was truly a machine. A
consciousness that existed only to preserve, stabilize, and
stagnate the world... I was held within a nook of that being's soul,
losing all chance to appear on the surface. Until that being was at
the age of a hundred and fifty, reached the capacity limit of a fluct
light, and tried to take over the soul of a pitiful lass, that is."
"But... according to how the story went, the soul from
Administrator that took over the daughter of the furniture shop
owner was a perfect copy of the original, right? In other words,
that soul would have its emotions purged too... so, why were you
able to appear at that particular time?"
Cardinal's gaze wandered elsewhere for a while at my question.
She must be peering into the other end of these extraordinarily
long two hundred years.
Before long, an extremely, extremely soft voice streamed out from
those petite lips.
"My vocabulary does not contain the words needed to accurately
express what happened in that instant... in that experience,
wonderful, despite how it should have made one tremble... Calling
the daughter of the furniture shop owner to the top floor of the
cathedral, Administrator attempted to copy and overwrite via the
Synthesis Ritual. And that succeeded without a hitch. What
resided within the lass had its useless memories erased, what
could be said to be a compressed version of Administrator's, no,
Quinella's individuality. The initial arrangement should have been
for the original Quinella, who expended her life span, to erase her
own soul after confirming the success... however..."
Cardinal's cheeks, adorned by a healthy blush as befitting a young
girl, had already lost their color like a sheet of paper when I finally
noticed. She asserted that she possessed no emotions, but I
29

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

couldn't imagine what she felt at this moment to be anything but a
deep fear.
"...However, the duplication of her soul finished... the instant we
simultaneously opened our eyes at point-blank range... some sort
of tremendous impact assailed us. That was essentially... the
thought of avoiding a situation where two of the exact same
human exist, a situation that would have originally been
impossible... I believe it would be something close to that? I... no,
we stared at each other and immediately after, sensed an
overwhelming hostility. Regardless of the circumstances, we
couldn't permit the existence of the soul before our eyes, that was
how it seemed... It exceeded pure emotion, into instinct... no, it
might have been somewhat like the number one rule engraved
upon the beliefs of intelligent beings. If that situation were to
remain, both souls probably would not have been able to bear the
shock and would be annihilated. However... I am unsure if I
should call it a pity, but that did not happen. After all, the fluct
light copied into the daughter of the furniture shop owner broke a
moment faster and in that instant, I, the sub-individuality,
established the right of control. We recognized each other as
Administrator, residing within the body originally belonging to
Quinella, and Cardinal's sub-process, residing within the body
belonging to the daughter of the furniture shop owner. With that,
the souls ceased breaking down and stabilized."
A soul breaking down.
Cardinal's words brought to mind the gloomy and wonderous
phenomenon I had seen two evenings ago, one that I wasn't sure
whether to be sad or glad for.
I crossed swords with the head elite swordsman-in-training of the
Sword Mastery Academy, Raios Antinous, and slashed off his two
arms with the Serlut-style secret move, «Whirling Current». That
major injury could have been considered a fatal wound in the real
world, but his life would not have ended in the Underworld with
30

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

proper treatment. I would have tried to maintain the numerical
value of his Life—what served as hit points in this world, by
binding the open wounds on his two arms to stop the blood flow.
However, before that could happen… A bizarre scream poured
from Raios as he collapsed onto the floor and met his end.
Blood had continued flowing out from his wounds at that time.
That is to say, his Life value had not yet reached zero, so in other
words, that meant that Raios had died from a reason other than
the total loss of Life.
Right before collapsing, Raios found himself in a situation where
he had a choice between his life and the Taboo Index; one to
protect and one to break. He could not choose and his soul finally
ended up tearing itself apart, trapped in an infinite loop state,
didn't it?
Could the phenomenon that assaulted Quinella upon meeting a
duplicate of her own self be fundamentally the same thing? I
couldn't even begin to imagine the horror that came with the
situation of having another existence with the exact same
memories and thoughts as oneself.
I couldn't form a conclusion on the possibility that I was an
artificial fluct light copied from the real Kirigaya Kazuto in those
few days after I woke up in the forest south of Rulid. That fear
remained somewhere in my mind until I affirmed that I could go
against the Taboo Index, while recognizing it as the absolute law,
with cooperation from Selka from Rulid Church.
If nothing but my consciousness was thrown out into an endless
darkness, and my own, familiar voice spoke. 'You are my
duplicate. You are merely a copy for experimenting with, one that
can be deleted with a single keypress.' How severe would the
shock, confusion, and fright taste in that moment?

31

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"—How is it going, have you understood everything so far?"
Those mentor-like words were thrown at me, as I pondered over
everything with my head overheating, from the opposite side of
the table. Raising my head, I blinked countless times before
nodding in a vague manner.
"Ah... well, somewhat..."
"I'm going to finally reach the main point of my tale, so it would be
troubling if you were already going to whine from this much."
"The main point... I see, that's right. I still haven't heard exactly
what you wanted out of me."
"Yes. I did continue waiting ever since that day through these two
hundred years to tell you this, after all... Now then, I believe I was
at the part where I split off from Administrator?"
Cardinal spoke as she fiddled with the now-empty tea cup,
spinning it with both hands.
"—On that day, I finally acquired a physical body of my own. To
be accurate though, it belonged to that pitiful apprentice nun,
but... her individuality had been utterly annihilated the moment
her light cube was overwritten with data. Born from that ruthless
ceremony and the result of that unforeseen incident, I stared at
Administrator before my eyes for 0.3 seconds before finally taking
the logical course of action. In other words, I tried to eliminate her
with sacred arts of the highest level. I was a perfect copy of
Administrator, which meant I had a system access authority at an
equal level, you see. I predicted that I could slice away her Life
before the resources in the surrounding space were exhausted if I
could gain the initiative, even if it became an exchange of arts of
the same class. My first attack landed magnificently and what
ensued after went according to my expectations. A death match of
immense lightning and whirlwinds clashing, infernos and ice
32

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

daggers unfolded with the top floor of the Central Cathedral as
our stage, and our Lives rapidly plummeting. Our pace was
exactly the same... in other words, I, the one who had let loose the
first attack, should have been the one to win."

33

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

34

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

My body abruptly shuddered upon imagining that skirmish
between gods. My knowledge of offensive sacred arts was limited
to the extremely rudimentary ones that change the shapes of
elements, like those used in the battle against Knight Eldrie. Their
offensive abilities were far from reaching a single sword strike,
struggling to even act as restraints or distractions, hardly able to
take away the Life of anyone around......
"—Huh, wait a moment. You said that even Administrator wasn't
capable of killing somebody, didn't you? Then shouldn't that
restriction apply to you as well, as a copy? Why were both of you
able to attack each other?"
Cardinal slightly pouted at her story getting interrupted at the
good part, as she nodded and replied.
"Mgh... that was a good question. True, it is as you've said, even
Administrator, unbound by the Taboo Index as she was, could not
break the prohibition on murder given to her when she was
young, as Quinella, by her parents. I have still yet to elucidate the
origin behind the phenomenon why we artificial fluct lights are
unable to disobey all orders without exception even after many
long years of deliberation... however, this phenomenon is not as
absolute as you might think."
"...Which means...?"
"To show an example..."
Cardinal moved her right hand that held the tea cup above the
table. For some reason though, she was not lowering the cup onto
the saucer but onto the right, an empty space—her arm came to a
precise stop immediately before its bottom touched the table
cloth.
"I am unable to lower this cup any further."
"Hah?"
35

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Cardinal explained as she scowled at my dumbfounded response.
"The reason is because when I was young, my mother—of course,
that would actually be Quinella's—brought me up with the trivial
rule that «tea cups should be placed atop a saucer» and its effect
is still valid, even now. The only significant taboo was murder, but
there exist seventeen other foolish prohibitions such as this. I am
unable to lower my arm any further no matter what I do and if I
forcibly put strength into it, an annoying, intense pain emerges in
my right eye."
"...A pain in... your right eye..."
"Even so, this is a huge difference compared to the average
inhabitant. They would be unable to even imagine the thought of
placing the cup upon the table in the first place. In other words,
they could not even gain the awareness that they are bound by
many unbreakable rules. That may be the best for them,
however..."
Probably aware that she was a completely artificial being, an
unfitting self-derisive smile ran over Cardinal's young face, and
she quickly straightened her arm back.
"Now then... Kirito. Do you see this as a tea cup?"
"Heh?"
Letting out a stupid voice, I intensely stared at the empty cup
gripped in Cardinal's right hand.
It was made of white ceramic, simple curves for its sides, with a
plain handle attached. No designs or logos could be seen aside
from a dark-blue line along its edge.
"Well... I do see it as a tea cup, there was tea in it, after all..."
"Fm. Then, how about now?"
36

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Cardinal reached out with the index finger on her left hand, then
lightly tapped the cup's edge.
Liquid immediately flowed up from the bottom of the cup like
earlier and a stream of white vapor rose. However, the aroma
differed this time. My nose instinctively twitched. This smell,
fragrant with its richness, was definitely not any sort of black
tea—it couldn't be anything but cream of corn soup.
Cardinal tilted the cup slightly as though showing it to me as I
stretched out my neck. It was a pale-yellow, gooey fluid as I
expected, filling the cup to its brim. There were even croutons,
carefully baked brown, floating in there.
"Co-Corn soup! Thank you, I just started feeling peckish and..."
"You dolt, I'm not asking about its contents. What is this vessel?"
"Eeh...? Well... that's-"
Not a single change had occurred to the cup itself from earlier. But
now that she mentioned it, it might have been a little too simple,
too large, and too thick for a typical tea cup.
"Aah... A soup cup?"
When I timidly answered, Cardinal broadly grinned as she
nodded.
"Yes. This is now a soup cup. After all, there certainly is soup
within it now."
And, as if she was showing off, she placed the cup, as it was, onto
the table cloth without any hesitation, ringing out a thud.
"Wha...!?"

37

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Look. This is how ambiguous the taboos given to us artificial fluct
lights are. They can be overruled this easily simply by changing
our subjective perception."
"......"
Even while I was shocked into silence, that particular scene from
two days ago replayed in my mind once again.
Back then, Raios was about to mercilessly swing his sword down
at Eugeo, cowering away, at the exact moment I barged into the
bedroom. Raios's sword would have probably severed Eugeo's
neck in a single slash if I hadn't taken it on with my own sword.
Murder was obviously the greatest taboo. But in that instant,
Eugeo was not a fellow human in Raios's viewpoint but a major
criminal that had violated the Taboo Index. By recognizing that,
he easily dodged past the taboo engraved upon his soul.
As I continued to brood in silence, a light sound rang out from the
one leaning against the back support of the opposing chair. Upon
taking a look, Cardinal was lifting up the tea cup -correction, soup
cup once again and moved it to her lips. The meat buns and
sandwiches I had eaten tens of minutes ago had already been
converted to numerals in my Life, and my stomach could feel a
tight, squeezing sensation.
"...Could I have some of that too?"
"You certainly are a gluttonous fellow. Hand over your cup."
While shaking her head as though she was astounded, Cardinal
still reached out with her left hand and flicked the edge of the cup
I pushed forward with a ping. The empty cup immediately filled
with the fragrant creamy yellow liquid.
Pulling the cup back in excitement and sipping from it after
blowing at the steam, my eyes involuntarily closed at the
38

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

nostalgic, rich flavor spreading within my mouth. There were
soups somewhat similar in Underworld too, but it had truly been
two years since I had drank such perfect cream of corn soup.
I let out a satisfied sigh after drinking two, three mouthfuls, then
Cardinal's story resumed as though she had been waiting for that.
"Understand this; the taboos binding us are things that can be
overruled with merely altering our perception, as I demonstrated
with the cup earlier. We... Administrator and I did not think of
each other as human the moment we broke into battle. In my
eyes, she was a broken system that would harm the world, and in
hers, I was a bothersome virus she could not eliminate... There
wasn't a single shred of hesitation as we cut each other's Lives
away. We exchanged arts of the highest class and I was finally two
or three attacks away from eliminating Administrator, or at the
very least, bringing it to a draw."
Perhaps recalling the vexation from that time, Cardinal firmly
chewed on her small lips.
"However... however, you see. At the end of ends, that depraved
woman realized that decisive difference between herself and me."
"Decisive difference...? But the only difference between
Administrator and you would be the outward appearances... the
two had the exact same system access authority and sacred arts
you were versed in as well, right?"
"Naturally. The one who succeeded with the preemptive strike,
myself, would obviously be the one to gain victory in the end.
Therefore... she threw sacred arts aside. Converting one among
the heaps of high priority objects in the room into a weapon, she
also at the same time designated the entire space we were
battling into an address where system commands were
prohibited."

39

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"If... if she did something like that, wouldn't she be unable to lift
the prohibition too?"
"Yes, as long as she remained in the space, that is. I realized her
aim the moment she chanted the command for weapon creation.
However, there was nothing I could do by then. I couldn't lift it
either once commands were negated, after all... I reluctantly made
a weapon as well and attempted to put an end to her via physical
damage."
Cardinal stopped talking and lifted the staff set against the table.
She presented it to me in silence, so I reached out with my right
hand despite my bewilderment. A weight unimaginable from its
slim appearance assailed my right arm the moment I took hold of
it and I panicked, using my left hand as well, to barely hold onto it
until it touched down upon the table. The staff, which was then
laid down onto its side with a heavy thump, evidently possessed a
priority higher than both my black sword and Eugeo's Blue Rose
Sword.
"I see... it's not just your sacred arts usage authority that's god
class, but your weapon equipping authority too, huh?"
When I said so while rubbing my right wrist, Cardinal shrugged
her shoulders as though it was only natural.
"Administrator copied not only her memories and thought
processes but all of her authorities and Life levels as well, you see.
The sword that person generated and this staff that I generated
had the exact same level of ability. Even when stuck with physical
combat after discarding sacred arts, I thought I would be the one
to gain victory in the end. However, upon assuming a stance with
the staff, I finally realized Administrator's true aim, that is, that
decisive difference between her and me..."
"That's why I'm asking, what exactly is that difference?"

40

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"It's simple. Look at this body."
Cardinal opened the front of her thick robe with her right hand
and exposed her body clad in a white blouse, black breeches, and
white knee-high socks. It was the figure of a young girl, slim and
petite; one that contrasted her manner of speech, like that of an
elderly sage, far too much.
Feeling as though I saw something I shouldn't, I asked with my
eyes instinctively cast down.
"Exactly what... about that body...?"
Her robe fluttering as she restored it to how it was, Cardinal
groaned as though she was irritated.
"Goodness, you're certainly slow, aren't you? Try imagining
yourself getting thrown into this body. Your perspective and arm
lengths would be utterly different. Would you be able to wield and
fight with a sword as you've always done like that?"
"...Ah..."
"Until that moment, I had always been in Administrator's... that is,
Quinella's body which was rather tall for a woman. I didn't take
much notice of it during our exchange of sacred arts, but... at the
point when I wielded this staff and braced for the enemy's attack,
I finally understood that I had been chased into a critical plight."
I certainly could agree now that she pointed it out. Even in the
numerous VRMMOs in the real world, getting used to judging
distances in close-range physical combat if one were to choose an
avatar with a size much too far away from one's real body
required quite an amount of time.
"...By the way, what's the difference in height between
Administrator and yourself as you currently are...?"
41

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"It ought to easily be over fifty centimeters. That broad grin she
had on her face as she looked down upon me from her height is
still vivid in my memories. The battle started anew immediately
after, but upon crossing weapons rampantly two or three times, I
had no choice but to admit my defeat was certain..."
"Th-Then... what happened?"
She obviously clambered out of it somehow, seeing as she was
talking to me, but I still ended up holding my breath
unintentionally.
"Administrator's advantage was decisive, but she also committed
a single mistake. You see, if she had locked the room's exit before
prohibiting the usage of system commands, I would have been
killed with no path of escape. Possessing no human emotions, I—"
Cardinal's expression appeared truly vexed, but I won't be cutting
in the conversation with that.
"—judged that I had to withdraw not a moment sooner and ran
towards the door like lightning. All while Administrator's sword,
swinging down from behind, reduced my Life as it grazed my
back..."
"Th-That was... scary, huh..."
"I did expect you would someday end up in a situation like mine
too, though. With how you've been ogling and flirting with
females everywhere during these two years and two months."
"I... I haven't been ogling, flirting, or doing anything of that sort."
I strongly rubbed my mouth upon receiving that unforeseen
assault, then abruptly frowned.
"N-No, wait a minute. Two years and two months... don't tell me
you've always been watching me...?"
42

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Of course I have. It may have been two years and two months
among the two hundred years I went through, but it was still
unexpectedly long."
"Whaa......"
I could feel nothing but astonishment. So that meant this young
sage had observed my every action here and there down to the
last detail? It wasn't like I was purposefully taking any action of
questionable conduct that I couldn't let others see, but neither did
I have the confidence to say that I didn't take any. However, there
wasn't any time to inspect the individual memories over the last
two and a bit years right now... or so I told myself, forcibly pulling
back my thoughts.
"W-Well, I won't chase the issue for now. ...So, how did you escape
from Administrator?"
"Fn. —Getting out of the living room on the top floor of the
cathedral somehow, I regained the authority to use sacred arts,
but the situation did not change. After all, if I tried to
counterattack with sacred arts, she would simply have to
designate the hallway as a prohibited space this time. It would be
like doing nothing but changing my means of escape from running
to flight. I figured I needed to run into areas her attacks could not
reach to remake my preparations."
"Even if you say that... Administrator's the supervisor of the world
like her name suggests, right? Is there anywhere she can't get in?"
"Certainly, she was a god that assumed the name of a supervisor,
but she doesn't quite possess the absolute omnipotence of one.
There are only two places in this world where she can't do as she
likes."
"Two places...?"

43

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"One would be beyond the mountain range at the edge... the Dark
Territory that the masses of the Human World labeled the land of
darkness. The other would be the Great Library Room that we are
in right now. In the beginning, this library room was a space
created by Administrator upon finding out about the limit to her
own memory, to use as an external memory storage device, so to
speak. It stores the extensive amount of data related to all system
commands as well as Underworld. —Thus, she thought that she
had to do all she could to prevent any human aside from herself
from coming in here. Hence, she set it within the cathedral despite
not linking it there spatially. There exists only a single door to
enter and additionally, the command to call it out was known only
to her... no, only to her and me."
"H-Haa..."
I looked around the Great Library Room with its passages, stairs
and bookshelves arranged over several floors once again. The
cylindrical wall appeared to be made from plain bricks, but—
"Then, beyond that wall is..."
"Nothing. The wall itself is invincible, but it is likely only a stretch
of nothingness would await you on its other side if it ever broke."
I started wondering exactly what would happen if one plunged in
there, but I lightly shook my head and shifted my thoughts away.
"—Erm, that single door you mentioned was the one we passed
through when we entered from the rose garden earlier?"
"Nay, that door was one I created much later. Humongous double
doors existed in the center of the lowest floor until two hundred
years ago. As I ran from Administrator's pursuit with my life at
stake, I recited the art to call out those doors. I was still
obstructed around two times despite my speed. Somehow

44

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

completing the command, I leapt through the doors that appeared
beyond the hallway, and immediately shut and locked them."
"Locked... that said, the highest minister's authority level was the
same as yours, so wouldn't it get opened from the other side?"
"I suppose. However, luckily, while locking it from inside the
library room is done by turning the key ninety degrees to the
right, unlocking it from outside required a tedious art ritual.
Separated by a single set of doors, I chanted a new art ritual while
listening to Administrator's voice, filled with a cold intent to
murder, chant the unlock command. The moment the key turned
to the left before my eyes was roughly the same time as I finished
my ritual..."
Perhaps recalling her memories of that time, Cardinal gently
squeezed her own body with her arms. It was a story from two
hundred years ago, but a chill ran down my spine from just
imagining the scene. Finishing up the corn soup, of which a little
remained, I took in a breath of air and asked.
"The ritual you chanted then was one to rupture the door... is that
it?"
"Yes. I severed the one and only path that linked the cathedral to
this Great Library Room, those huge doors, into tiny pieces. In
that instant, this place was completely isolated from the outside
world and I managed to escape from Administrator's pursuit...
and that's how it happened."
"...And the reason why the highest minister didn't make a door
again...?"
"I mentioned earlier, did I not, that Administrator first created the
Great Library Room with the doors, after which she separated it
from the cathedral. The coordinate values of this space in the
system are constantly changing random numbers in unused
45

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

regions. Unless one could accurately predict those integers,
external interference is no longer possible."
"I see... But the Central Cathedral's coordinates are fixed, so it's
possible to connect passages from here to the outside, huh?"
"That's exactly it. That said, doors created are immediately
detected by Administrator's familiars after they are opened even
once, so they can't be used a second time. Like that door in the
rose garden that picked both Eugeo and you up earlier."
"I-I'm really sorry about that..."
I lowered my head meekly and the young sage let out a small
laugh before shifting her sight towards the library room's domed
ceiling. The two eyes beyond her glasses narrowed and she
murmured as though mulling over something.
"...I fought the error I should have been correcting, Administrator,
and irrefutably lost. Fleeing in an unsightly manner, I took refuge
in this place... devoting myself to absolutely nothing but
observation and deliberation for the two hundred years since..."
"...Two hundred years..."
—Or so I muttered, but there was no way I, who experienced
seventeen and a half years in the real world and an accelerated
two years in Underworld for a total of less than twenty years,
could grasp a real feel for that length of time. I could only image it
as a vast stream of time at most.
The girl before my eyes had lived through a period of time that
could practically be said to be equivalent to infinity. On her own
in this Great Library Room without even a single rat, surrounded
only by mountains of silent books. Even words like solitude failed
to express it any longer, that was the utter isolation from the
world. I could never stand two hundred years even if I was left in
46

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

this same situation. I would definitely open the door on my own
volition even if I knew it led to my own ruin.
No, wait. Before that—
"Cardinal... you did say the lifespan of a fluct light was around a
hundred and fifty years, didn't you? Nearing that limit was what
made Administrator try and copy her own fluct light and all... How
exactly did you get through those two hundred years worth of
time after splitting off?"
"I suppose it was only natural for you to ask that."
Cardinal took some time to return the now-empty cup onto the
table, then nodded.
"Even if my fluct light was a copy selectively sorted by
Administrator, there isn't anywhere near the scope needed for an
even longer stretch of memories to be placed in. Therefore,
rearranging my own memories had to be my first course of action
upon securing the momentary safety after escaping into the Great
Library Room."
"Re-Rearranging...?"
"Indeed. The topic that came out earlier in that example, directly
editing a file without a backup. My consciousness would have
probably dissolved into light within the light cube if even a single
accident occurred during the operation."
"Er-Erm... So, that means you still held the authority to
manipulate that Light Cube Cluster somewhere in the real world
even after getting confined within this library room, right? In that
case, rather than accessing your own, wouldn't it be possible to go
for Administrator's fluct light and do some kind of attack like
blasting away her soul...?"

47

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"That would work just as well the other way round, after all. But
unfortunately—or perhaps fortunately, the type of sacred arts
that change a target's state generally require one to be in direct
contact with the target unit or object, or at the very least, have the
target within one's line of sight. Even with the concept of «range»
around, that is. As such, that was why Administrator had to
bother taking the daughter of the furniture shop owner all the
way up to the top floor of the cathedral, and like how she needed
to take you and Eugeo to the church."
I involuntarily shivered upon hearing that. If we hadn't succeeded
in our reckless breakout, who knew what would have happened
at the place where interrogation and whatever else would be
conducted.
"—In other words, having isolated myself in this library room, I
was unable to attack Administrator's fluct light regardless of how
much power I had and was able to avert attacks from her at the
same time."
Regardless of whether she knew of my anxiety or not, Cardinal
lowered her long eyelashes behind those glasses and continued
her words.
"Rearranging my own soul... was truly an intimidating operation.
After all, those memories that could currently be vividly recalled
would disappear without leaving a trace behind with a single
command. However, I had no choice but to do it. I could easily
imagine that it would take a terrifyingly long time to delete
Administrator with the state of affairs then, you see. —In the end,
I deleted all the memories I had when I was Quinella, as well as
those after becoming Administrator; ninety-seven percent in all..."
"Wha... th-that's practically everything, isn't it!?"
"Indeed. That long, long story of Quinella I spoke to you about was
actually not experienced personally by myself but merely
48

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

knowledge I wrote down before the deletion. I cannot even
remember the faces of the parents who brought me up. Neither
the warmth of the bed I fell into slumber each night, nor the taste
of the sweet fried bread I used to love... I mentioned, didn't I, that
I do not even possess a single shred of human emotions. I am a
program with nearly all memories and emotions lost, taking
action purely under the order branded into my soul, «to stop the
main process that went insane». That's the sort of existence I am."
"......"
Cardinal's face was cast downwards as a smile rose to its surface,
but it appeared to be filled with a loneliness so deep that it
couldn't be expressed in words from my point of view. You aren't
a program; you should have emotions just like me and the rest of
the humans; I wanted to say so, but the words wouldn't come out.
Raising her face, Cardinal glanced at me sunk in silence and
smiled again before she began moving her mouth once more.
"...As the result of selectively deleting my memories, I secured
sufficient free capacity in my fluct light for the time being. Having
gained much time, I recovered from my miserable escape and
worked on a plan in order to deal a blow against Administrator in
return. —I considered catching her unaware and bringing a faceto-face fight to her once again. It's not possible to open a passage
to this library room from outside, but as you stated earlier, the
reverse is true, after all. The command to install a door has a
«range» as well, but anywhere from the Central Cathedral's
garden to its middle floors are within it. She does descend to the
lower floors of the tower, although seldom, so opening a door at
those times could open up the possibility for a surprise attack.
And I have gotten used to controlling this body unexpectedly
easily too."

49

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...So that's it. It does sound worth it if you can guarantee a
preemptive attack, but... still, it's quite a gamble, right? It wouldn't
have been odd if Administrator had something up her sleeves..."
A surprise attack rarely succeeds with the other party conscious
of the possbility. There were several times I set up and was set up
for an ambush in my SAO times too, but most of the time it didn't
work out with the target on his or her guard, thinking 'a surprise
attack looks likely to happen over there'. Cardinal nodded,
seemingly annoyed, when I pointed it out.
"Before Quinella even became the highest minister, she had the
gift for finding out others' weaknesses. Like how she noticed my
weakness; my stature, in the midst of that battle after we
separated, she deduced the advantage she had that I didn't in the
new state of affairs and made haste to utilize it."
"Advantage... But you and Administrator basically possess the
exact same level of capability in offense and defense, right? And
well, how do I say this, also your intellects."
"I do have qualms with how you put it, evidently."
She snorted, then continued.
"There is almost no difference in combat potential between her
and I by ourselves. Of course, that applies only while it stays as a
one-on-one match, of course."
"One-on-one... —Aah, so that's it."
"That's indeed how it is. I am a recluse with no one to turn to,
while in comparison to her, she is the ruler of an enormous
organization, the Axiom Church... Administrator became strongly
aware of the perils of copying her own fluct light through giving
birth to a hindrance, me, and being driven to the brink of death.
That said, the circumstances of her synaptic pathways failing due
to her memory overload had not changed. She had to resort to
50

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

something, but unlike me, she did not venture into the high-risk
measure of directly editing her memories. There, she reluctantly
settled with a compromise. She maintained the minimum free
capacity required by deleting extremely recent peripheral
memories, an operation with a low risk, and reduced the amount
of newly recorded information to the best of her ability."
"Reduce... even though you say that, don't memories just
accumulate as you go through each day whether you want them
to or not?"
"It depends on the way you spend it, does it not? More
information gets inputted the more you see, the more places you
go, the more thoughts you think, but how would it be for example
if you didn't take even a single step from the canopy bed in your
room and spent the entire time with your eyes shut?"
"Uh... there's no way I could do that. I would even prefer swinging
a sword for the entire day."
"I am aware of your lack of composure well enough without
needing you to point it out now."
I couldn't say anything about that. I don't know her objectives in
doing so, but if Cardinal had always been observing my actions,
she would have already been well aware of those casual strolls I
took without informing Eugeo whenever I had free time.
Immediately tightening her mouth that was slowly forming into a
smile, the sage continued talking.
"...However, Administrator does not have those 'I'm bored' or 'I
have nothing to do' emotions, unlike you. That person would lie
on her bed for days and weeks if necessary. Immersing in her
sweet memories, from a time before she became the ruler of the
world, within her semi-conscious slumber, that is..."

51

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"But she's the one at the top of the Axiom Church, right? Wouldn't
she have duties to perform, speeches to give, or anything else that
she has no choice but to do on account of her position?"
"Certainly, there are such responsibilities. She has to have an
audience with the four emperors during the religious festival at
the start of the year and she needs to descend to the middle and
lower floors of the cathedral to check on the management system
for the world at scheduled times. And each time with her guard up
against any possible surprise attacks from me too. There,
Administrator took up new measures. She delegated most of her
duties and at the same time, gathered loyal yet powerful followers
to serve as her escorts..."
"And so there's the advantage that you, alone by yourself, don't
have and that she, as the ruler of an enormous organization, does,
huh? ...On the contrary though, doesn't that increase the level of
uncertainty? If she gathers several escorts capable of facing off
against you, with the same level of combat potential as her, and
those people decided to rebel against her, Administrator wouldn't
be able to prevail either, right?"
Cardinal lightly shrugged her shoulders and repeated that same
word as a reply to my question.
"Didn't I say they were absolutely loyal?"
"Sure, the inhabitants of this world don't disobey orders from
their superiors, but you did say that wasn't an absolute either. If
those escorts were to think that the highest minister was a pawn
of the land of darkness by some influence..."
"Naturally, that woman understands that the possibility is not
zero also. After all, she did turn a multitude of humans with high
transgression quotients into research subjects. Blind obedience is
not always loyalty... no, that woman would not trust an escort

52

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

even if the escort swore an oath of allegiance from the heart. After
all, that woman was betrayed by even a copy of herself."
Saying so, Cardinal broadly grinned.
"She required a guarantee that the escorts would definitely not
betray her under any circumstances to then bestow upon them
authorities and equipment worthy of opposing me. So what could
she do? The answer was simple: she would merely have to alter
them to become so, through their very fluct lights."
"...Wh-What did you say?"
"The complex command for that had already been completed.
Namely, the «Synthesis Ritual»."
"Erm... the unification between soul and memory, was it?"
"Yes. In addition, she had a plentiful supply of high-quality raw
materials that possessed powerful souls. The humans with high
transgression quotients she had captured, used in her
experiments and frozen for preservation afterward, were all
endowed with high capabilities, without a single exception. ...Or
rather, perhaps I should say that they had harbored suspicion
towards the Taboo Index and Axiom Church due to their excellent
wisdom and physique... There was a hero known as an
unparallelled swordsman, who ran to the remote regions with his
comrades and pioneered his own village due to his hatred for the
church's rule, among those first captured. That swordsman tried
to cross the «mountain range at the edge» that separated the
Human World and the Dark Territory, which was what caused
him to get abducted by the church, but Administrator chose him
to be her first loyal escort."
It sounded like a story I heard somewhere; Cardinal continued
onward while I struggled in chasing after that thought.

53

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Most of that swordsman's memories were damaged by the
experiments, but that, on the contrary, tilted more to
Administrator's advantage. Any memories before his capture
were merely a nuisance, after all. That person used an object that
enforces unconditional loyalty towards her, the «Piety Module»,
and... well, it looks like a purple prism around this size..."
Cardinal held her small hands apart about ten centimeters as she
spoke.
The hair over my entire body jolted up the instant I pictured that
object in my mind. I had seen that thing before. And it had been
just a few hours ago too.
"...In the Synthesis Ritual, that prism embeds itself into the
target's head through the middle of the forehead. Through that,
the soul that had its memories plundered unifies with the
manufactured memories that also serve as principles of behavior,
resulting in a new individuality. A supreme warrior who swears
an oath of absolute allegiance to the church and Administrator,
and acts purely for the sake of preserving the Human World as it
is... The ritual succeeded and Administrator termed the person
who awoke as an Integrator, as he was one who reforms disorder,
preserves integrity, and unifies all under the church's rule, across
the entire world. If you're climbing the cathedral, the possibility
of that person, the oldest integrity knight, standing before you
and Eugeo is not zero. It would be best to remember his name."
Cardinal stared into my face and solemnly continued.
"Bercouli Synthesis One... that is the name of that knight."
"...N-No, that's impossible, there's no way that's it."
I shook my head with all my might before Cardinal could close her
lips.
Bercouli.
54

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Wasn't that the name of that legendary great hero Eugeo had once
told me about, with an expression filled with admiration? He was
the brave warrior from the first generation of settlers at Rulid
Village; he explored the mountain range at the edge and tried to
steal the «Blue Rose Sword» from the white dragon that protected
the Human World.
I believe not even Eugeo knew about Bercouli's final years. Eugeo
probably imagined he had continued living in Rulid and grown
old—the thought that Bercouli had been abducted by
Administrator and remodeled into her first integrity knight would
never have occurred to him.
"Hey... hey, Cardinal, you also know how Eugeo and I teamed up,
and still had an extremely difficult fight against Eldrie Synthesis
Thirty-one... who would be the thirty-first integrity knight, right?
How could you expect us to fight against number one all of a
sudden and win?"
The sage, however, simply shrugged her shoulders and swept my
objection aside.
"You can't spare any time to shiver over Bercouli alone. Like
you've said, the grand total of integrity knights has reached thirtyone now."
There are another thirty masters stronger than Eldrie. Wanting to
avert my eyes from the harsh reality, I spoke.
"Despite there being so many, I haven't seen a lot of them. I have
only seen an integrity knight on a flying dragon in the night sky
once ever since I came to the central capital."
"Naturally; the main duty of the integrity knights is the defense of
the mountain range at the edge, after all. They would only be in
the city when a major criminal who defied the Taboo Index
appeared and that hasn't happened even once in these ten years.
55

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Normally, even the nobles and imperial families have no chance to
see the integrity knights, let alone the rest of the populace. ...One
could say that a distance was formed between them, however..."
"Hmm... Ah, but does that mean that the majority of the thirty
knights are at the mountain range at the edge?"
I asked with a hint of anticipation, but Cardinal readily shook her
head.
"I wouldn't say it's the majority. The number of knights awake
within the cathedral right now should be, at the very least, twelve
or thirteen. If you and Eugeo intend to complete your respective
goals, you would generally have no choice but to break through
them to reach the cathedral's top floor."
"Even if you say that... we have no choice..."
Sliding on the chair as I sank into depression, I let out a deep sigh.
To put it into RPG-ish terms, I'm feeling like I had just plunged
into the last dungeon with absolutely none of the necessary
equipment and levels. True, I made the far, far journey to the
central capital so that I could struggle to the cathedral's top floor
and contact someone in the real world, but I feel like I could
honestly even say that the disparity in combat ability between the
integrity knights and us was beyond hope.
I dropped my gaze to my chest in silence. Thanks to the magical
meat bun I had gotten from Cardinal, the wound I had received
from Integrity Knight Eldrie's «armament full control art» had
completely healed, but traces still remained in that spot, a
stinging pain.
There would hardly be any chance of clearing it through frontal
attacks alone if the knights appearing from now onwards were to
be stronger than Eldrie... thinking about that, I recalled the
56

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

curious incident after the end of the battle in the rose garden once
more.
The integrity knight suddenly suffered pain upon being told his
own history and the name of his mother by Eugeo, falling on his
knees onto the ground. The transparent prism that rose out with
purple light from his forehead while he was half-conscious— That
was definitely the actual «Piety Module» Cardinal spoke of earlier.
It was the key item used to alter the integrity knights' ego and
memories, turning them into slaves absolutely loyal to the highest
minister.
But was that effect really as absolute as Cardinal had said? Eldrie
seemed like he would have been freed from the module's coercive
force just by hearing his mother's name... from my point of view,
at least. If the same phenomenon can develop on the other
knights as well, that would mean there is another method aside
from crossing swords with them head-on and open up the
possibility of Eugeo's dear wish, «restoring Integrity Knight Alice
to the original Alice», coming true.
Cardinal's calm voice reached my ears while I was sunk in my
thoughts.
"There is a little more until the end of my story, may I continue?"
"...Ah, aah, please go ahead."
"Very well. —Now then, as Administrator had completed several
integrity knights, starting from Bercouli, the chance of a surprise
attack from me endlessly fell. Although they weren't at
Administrator's level, the knights definitely had high offensive
and defensive abilities, seeing as it was impossible for even me to
instantaneously delete them. I had no choice but to resign myself
to having our battle extended for all perpetuity..."

57

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

It seems Cardinal's long, long story was finally reaching its end. I
straightened my posture atop the chair and focused on the sage's
dignified tone.
"With the new change in the situation, it became clear that I, too,
needed a collaborator. —However, finding one willing to fight the
ruler of the world with me would be no easy task. You see, that
person would first have to possess a transgression quotient high
enough to break the Taboo Index, as well as combat strength and
sacred arts usage authority on par with the integrity knights on
top of that. I risked the perils and opened a door as far as I could
to use a different art, «consciousness sharing», upon the living
birds and insects nearby and released them all over the whole
world..."
"Ha-haa... So those were your eyes and ears, huh. Could that be
how you observed me too...?"
"Indeed."
Cardinal gave a broad grin and reached out with her right hand.
Facing the palm upwards, she curled her fingertips as though
calling for someone. Upon which—
"Uwaah!?"
Some kind of small object suddenly jumped out from the area
around my fringe, landing onto Cardinal's palm without a sound.
When I took a look, it was a pitch-black spider smaller than even
the fingertip of my little finger. Nimbly turning about, it looked up
at me with the four deep-crimson eyes it had in front of its head
and lifted its right foreleg, greeting me... or so it appeared.
"Her name is Charlotte. She has always been there observing the
speech and behavior of both of you from your forelocks, the
insides of your pocket, or even a corner of the room at times, ever

58

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

since you left Rulid Village with Eugeo. ...It seems she did more
than purely observing every now and then, however."
The spider retracted its eight legs and shrugged its tiny shoulders
at Cardinal's chiding; or so it appeared.
I finally realized after those cute gestures. The one who tugged a
strand of my forelocks and taught me the correct path to go while
fleeing from the integrity knight riding on the flying dragon might
possibly be this thing. No, it wasn't just that one time. I do recall
that same sensation I felt countless times at the important times
ever since I set out on a journey from Rulid, entered the
swordsmanship tournament at Zakkaria and became a guard,
even after I enrolled in the Sword Mastery Academy in the central.
"...So, that tugging thing wasn't some divine inspiration of mine,
but because my hair was really being pulled on, huh..."
I recalled all of those scenes from one place or another as I
murmured in a daze, before that final, and especially important
memory came back to me. Unable to hold it back, I leaned forward
and whispered to the black spider that wasn't even five
millimeters in size, staying motionlessly on Cardinal's palm.
"Th-That's right, could it have been you that time too... were you
the one who encouraged me when all those budding zephyrias I
grew were cut...? The one who said to believe in the wishes of the
surrounding flowers..."
The voice remaining in my memories was that of a somewhat
adult woman. In that case, the black spider before my eyes might
have the individuality of a female as the name, Charlotte, suggests,
but could a bug that wasn't even human have a soul—a fluct light
in the first place?
As I toyed around with my various doubts, Charlotte answered
none of them and continued looking at me with her deep red eyes,
59

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

but then abruptly got off Cardinal's palm, nimbly ran onto the
table, and disappeared after jumping into a bookshelf nearby.
Having sent off the small familiar, Cardinal murmured in a gentle
tone.
"Charlotte was the oldest observational unit I sent into the
various lands of the Human World through art rituals. Her long,
long duty had finally reached its end with this. The natural
degeneration of her Life was frozen, so I suppose she had already
worked for over two hundred years..."
"...Observational unit..."
Muttering so, I looked at the bookshelf Charlotte slipped into once
again. There should have been nothing more to her duty than just
observing Eugeo and me. However, in these two years since I left
Rulid, Charlotte had pulled on my forelocks and whispered to me
occasional advice, coming to my aid countless times. Thinking
from a different perspective, she was a fellow traveler closer to
me than even Eugeo was, even if I didn't notice her existence.
—Thank you.
Expressing my gratitude within my heart, I faced the bookshelf
and lowered my head.
Turning my gaze back to Cardinal, I asked after a short moment of
thought.
"So, in other words, you've... shut yourself up in this Great Library
Room for over a whole two hundred years while searching for a
human worthy of being a collaborator through the eyes and ears
of familiars...?"
"Yes. I am unable to check out humans' transgression quotients
directly from here, you see. Whenever gossip of peculiar incidents
reach my ears, I have the observational units move there and
60

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

observe the humans that caused it... I devoted myself to searching
in that steadfast manner. Many times have I seen a human that
caught my attention taken away by the integrity knights before
my eyes. I may not possess emotions, but the knowledge of the
meanings of the words, 'disappointment' and 'perseverance',
were forced into me. ...Honestly speaking, the idea of soon getting
acquainted with the meaning of the phrase, 'giving up', had
occurred to me in these ten years or so."
A smile, with the weight of two hundred years behind it, drifted
onto Cardinal's small lips.
"You see, while I sat and viewed the world, Administrator built up
a more proactive system to ensure mighty warriors would
become integrity knights. And that is the truth behind what you
and Eugeo were aiming for, the «Four Empires Unity
Tournament»."
"...So that means to say that the swordsmen that gained victory in
the tournament did not take up the honor of being appointed as
an integrity knight, but..."
"They were made into integrity knights, regardless of their will.
The strongest puppets, with their prior memories sealed away
and possessing blind obedience towards the highest minister.
Families that contributed greatly to the number of the integrity
knights were given monetary rewards, lavish enough to dazzle
their eyes, and granted the status of upper class aristocrats,
causing the unanimous opinion among parents of the nobles and
wealthy merchants to have their children study the sword. And
those knights themselves were posted to lands where contact
with their original families was impossible, severing their
connections with the past."
"...So what you meant by 'a distance forming between them'
was..."
61

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Yes, that contrivance. —Among the thirty integrity knights, half
were those arrested for committing a taboo, while the other half
are all tournament champions. That Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one
who bruised you was one among them as well."
"I see... so that's how it works, huh..."
Letting out a gloomy sigh, I murmured.
So it was instead a stroke of luck, that Sortiliena-senpai, who I
served as a valet, and Gorgolosso-senpai, who Eugeo served, had
failed to achieve victory in the tournament this year. If Sortilienasenpai had won against Eldrie and proceeded to become the
tournament champion, then she would have been the one lying in
wait at the rose garden plaza, as an integrity knight with her
memories lost.
That wasn't all to it. If the case with Raios and Humbert hadn't
happened and everything went how Eugeo and I had first aimed
at, being elected as the academy representatives and successfully
winning through the tournament next year... Or perhaps, if we had
failed to escape from the underground jail and got dragged out to
that interrogation place. It didn't matter to a natural fluct light
like myself, but Eugeo had a high chance of ending up as the
thirty-second integrity knight. This was what the saying, "go for
wool and come back shorn", was meant for.
Cardinal spoke in a soft voice as my body shuddered.
"—Thus, in these more than two hundred years, Administrator
steadily solidified her defenses and my hopes endlessly dwindled.
Even I've considered it. About why I even had to bother with
something like this..."
Those burnt-brown eyes gazed at the Great Library Room's high
ceiling. Her two eyes flickered countlessly as though she saw a
mirage of warm sunlight through that chilly stone dome.
62

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...The world I saw through the observers' eyes was beautiful and
bathed in light. There were children having fun running around
the grassy plains, girls blushing red with love, and mothers
affectionately smiling upon the babies carried in their arms. If
nothing had happened to the original owner of this body, that
daughter of the furniture shop owner, as she grew up, would have
received all of that. She should have been able to live an ordinary
life, ignorant of the world's contrivances, and reminiscence about
her blessed lifetime while on the brink of death as her family took
care of her sixty, seventy years down the road..."
Was it a figment of my imagination that Cardinal, lowering her
eyelashes as she stitched her words together in a whisper, gently
shivered?
"...I resented the behavioral principle of correcting the main
process's mistakes burnt into the core of my soul. And I decided
that I was an old woman soon to die. A withered, old tree that had
already lost all radiance of the living and purely awaits the
moment its Life runs out. Strangely enough, my manner of speech
had also turned out in this manner without my intent. In those
ceaseless days of losing myself in the work of the humans through
the borrowed ears of the familiars I released into the world, I
continued thinking. Why did the gods from the outside world who
created this one leave Administrator's tyranny alone...? Creation
Goddess Stacia, Sun Goddess Solus, and Land Goddess Terraria
are fabricated gods made by the Axiom Church for their rule, but
the name of the true god, «Rath», can be spotted everywhere on
the catalog that lists down every system command, after all. Rath
is the collective name of the gods... and Cardinal is the false god
created by them, without a soul, its existence made up by the two
behavioral principles burnt into Administrator and myself.
Questions about that world stacked up ever higher the more I
knew of its secrets, without them ever being resolved."
"Wait... wait a moment."
63

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Unable to follow the rapid development of the story, I cut into the
conversation.
"Then... that thing about this world being a simulation created by
Rath and that thing about the original Cardinal being a program
with two processes, one main and one sub, were what you figured
out through just conjecture too?"
"It's nothing to be surprised over. Anyone can reach that
conclusion with two hundred years worth of time and the built-in
database of the Cardinal System."
"Database... I see, so that's where you got that vocabulary of yours
so different from those of the Underworld inhabitants, huh?"
"Along with the flavor of that corn soup you drank earlier. That
said, there is probably much deviation between my
understanding of many terms and yours... However, this guess, at
the very least, is definitely accurate. The reason why Underworld
is much too imperfect despite its roots in creationism and why
Administrator's unsightly reign remains disregarded... there is
only one possible reason left. The true god, Rath, does not wish
for the humans in this world to lead happy lives. Instead, it is the
opposite... this world exists purely for them to observe what sort
of resistance the inhabitants would put up as a humongous vise
slowly, slowly clamps down upon them. —You might not know,
but there has been an increase in deaths among humans unable to
maintain their Lives due to causes such as endemic diseases,
rampancy of dangerous beasts, and poor harvest of crops in the
remote areas in recent years. This is a phenomenon brought
about by the increase in the «load parameter» even Administrator
is unable to change."
"Load... parameter? Now that you mention it, you said something
like that earlier, didn't you. Some kind of load experiment or
something."
64

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Yes. Strictly speaking, the load is still continuing day after day at
the current moment, but... as recorded in the database, the trial
that will appear in the final phase of the load experiment is
incomparable to something minor like a disease."
"What exactly... will be happening...?"
"This egg, known as the Human World, held within the vise will
finally have its shell broken. You know of it too, do you not, of
what lies outside the Human World?"
"The Dark Territory...?"
"Exactly. That world of darkness is the device built in order to
confer ultimate anguish upon the populace. I said so earlier, but
those labeled as monsters of the darkness, the goblins, orcs, and
other races are existences with the same fluct lights as humans,
endowed with behavioral principles to slaughter and pillage. They
are organized in a straightforward manner; a hierarchy where
strength determines superiority, building up a primitive but
powerful army. Their population may be half that of the Human
World, but their individual combat ability is likely far beyond that
of humans. That horrifying group is eagerly awaiting the day, that
even the word, atrocious, will fail to describe, when they invade
the territory of the people of the Human World who they call
«ium» in their language. It's likely a tale not too far off in the
future."
"An army..."
The topic provoked more than mere shivers. It would be no
exaggeration to say that the goblin leader that participated in a
struggle to the death with me in the cave in the mountain range at
the edge, two years ago, was a ferocious fighter. Simply thinking
about how a military with several thousands or several tens of
thousands of those like him would come marauding caused my

65

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

blood to freeze. I shook my head falteringly as I spoke in a croaky
voice.
"...The Human World have many guards and knights as well... but I
won't mince my words, they have no chance of winning. They
have absolutely no possibility of winning with that sort of
swordsmanship in this world that focuses on artistic value..."
With that, Cardinal immediately replied with a nod.
"Obviously. ...Rath's plans likely had the Human World forming up
a mighty army capable of opposing the Dark Territory right about
now. Their usage authorities for equipment and sacred arts would
increase through continuous battles against the minor but
incessant raids of goblins, while working out swordsmanship
styles and group tactics applicable for actual combat. However, as
you know as well, that is far from the present situation.
Swordsmen have never experienced actual combat, pursuing
nothing but the ascetic appeal of their styles, and the army
commanders, those upper class nobles, wallow in extravagance.
This entire state of affairs has been brought about by
Administrator and the integrity knights that she created."
"...What do you mean?"
"There is no doubt that integrity knights, with authorities of the
highest level and sacred instrument-class equipment bestowed
upon them, are powerful. Powerful enough to sweep away
something on the level of those invading groups of goblins from
the mountain range at the edge without any trouble, with merely
eight of them guarding it. —However, due to that, the commoners
who were originally supposed to fight those goblins ended up
going through several hundreds of years without experiencing a
single battle. The masses know nothing about the oncoming
menace and live on immersed in the unending stagnation known
as peace..."
66

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...Does Administrator know that the final phase of the load
experiment will be beginning soon?"
"She ought to know. However, she underestimates the army of
darkness, believing the thirty integrity knights and herself alone
are capable of driving them away without a hitch. Her belief is so
deep that she even had those guardian dragons in the north,
south, east, and west, who were supposed to provide a valuable
boost in war potential, massacred on the reasoning that she could
not dominate their actions. It would likely sadden your partner if
he heard this; that the one who slaughtered the white dragon, a
charming conversationalist in the legends, was Bercouli himself
after being remodeled into an integrity knight."
"...It's best if he doesn't hear of that story."
I muttered so with a sigh. Recalling that mountain of bones I saw
underground in the mountain range at the edge, I shut my eyes
for a moment before lifting my face and asking.
"Realistically speaking, how would it turn out? When the army of
darkness comes attacking, would Administrator and the integrity
knights be able to go up against them alone?"
"It's impossible."
Cardinal promptly refuted.
"True, the integrity knights are experts who have experienced
many years of actual combat, but their numbers are definitely too
few and they would be overwhelmed. Also, the sacred arts
Administrator commands have the strength of natural disasters,
but as I have mentioned, she has to expose herself within the
range of the enemies as well, to use those arts. Even if each
individual of the army of darkness poses absolutely no match for
Administrator, their sacred arts... no, perhaps I should call them
dark arts instead, anyway, they have as many system command
67

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

users as there are stars in the skies. Even if she were to incinerate
a hundred art users with a deluge of lightning bolts, she would
probably be pierced through in the next instant with a thousand
flames. I wouldn't know if she would die with that enormous Life
of hers, but at the very least, it is certain she would flee back to
this tower."
"Hold... hold on for a bit, please. That means... the fate of this
world won't change regardless of whether we defeat
Administrator or not, doesn't it? You wouldn't be able to drive
away the army of darkness even upon regaining all the authorities
of the Cardinal System, would you?"
Cardinal affirmed the words, muttered by me in a daze, with a
deep nod.
"It is exactly as you've said. I already have no methods left to stop
the invasion from the Dark Territory with how far things have
come."
"...In other words... as long as you complete your goal of
eliminating Administrator, the malfunctioning main process... you
wouldn't care one bit about what happens to this world... is that
what you're saying...?"
"...That might be true."
The voice that finally let that out was faint enough to blend into
the crackling of flames from the surrounding lamps.
"Yes... what I'm aiming for might be the same as letting things play
out on their own if you look upon it as an end where many souls
are extinguished... However... if either you or I sit here and do
nothing, then soon... I do not know if it's a year ahead, or two, but
it is certainly likely that the troops of darkness will march
onwards into the Human World; then the villages will burn, the
fields will be trampled, and many people will be murdered. The
68

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

words known to me fail to express... just how extreme a disaster,
just how overwhelmingly cruel the hell I fear shall make its
appearance will be. —However, you see... even if I recover all of
my authorities and work out a command that would burn the
monsters of darkness to nothing in a single blow, I will not use it.
If you are to ask for a reason, it will be because they didn't exactly
desire to be monsters. I believe I mentioned this; that I couldn't
reach an answer even after a hundred years of thinking. Listen
here... even if a ruler like Administrator did not appear and the
world continued down its originally planned track, the opposite
would happen instead; the humans would have built up a mighty
army, invaded the Dark Territory, and subjected the inhabitants
of that country to the limits of atrocity as they massacred them to
the very end!"
Cardinal's soft voice gradually carried a sharpness like that of a
whip and assaulted my ears with a snap.
"Regardless of which one falls, the end of the world will be soaked
in an abominable amount of blood. After all, that end itself is what
the god, Rath, desired. I... I cannot accept a god like that. I
definitely cannot accept such an ending. As such... upon realizing
that I was unable to avert the load experimental phase's
approach, I arrived at a single conclusion. No matter what it takes,
I will remove Administrator before that time comes, recover my
authorities as the Cardinal System... and render everything in the
Underworld null, both the Human World and the Dark Territory."
"Render... null...?"
Mechanically repeating the words, my eyes opened, feeling as
though it was their first time doing so.
"What exactly do you mean...?"
"It is just as I said. I will delete every fluct light stored within the
cradle of souls, the Light Cube Cluster. The inhabitants of the
69

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Human World, and the inhabitants of darkness as well, without
leaving behind a single one."
A firm determination and resolution filled Cardinal's youthful face
with her declaration, sealing my mouth away for a while. After
spending some time, I could somehow conceptualize a definite
image for that final solution the girl's words pointed towards.
"That's... essentially, if an end where many people die in a cruel
and painful way can't be avoided, it would be better to just
perform euthanasia on everyone...?"
"Euthanasia...? —No, that would be the wrong term to use."
Perhaps searching through the database built into the system,
Cardinal blinked once before she shook her head.
"It is probably unimaginable for a human of the host world like
yourself, possessing a cognizance media different from the light
cube, but the souls of the inhabitants living in this world can be
deleted with a moment of manipulation. They can disappear
without even enough resistance to make a flame on a candle
waver, without them noticing a thing... That is no different from
the deed of murdering a person in the first place, but..."
It was probably a conclusion she considered thoroughly over a
long period of time; I could feel nothing but reverberations filled
with profound resignation and futility in Cardinal's voice as she
spoke.
"Of course, ideally speaking, the best way would be for this world
itself to escape from Rath's grasp forever, writing its own, original
history. It's not impossible to have a bloodless reconciliation
between the Human World and the Dark Territory by spending a
few hundred years duration on it. However... you should be the
one most aware of how much of a pipe dream it is, to become
independent of the god, Rath, shouldn't you?"
70

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I bit my lips and pondered the sudden inquiry.
I do not know where in Japan the true form of Underworld in the
real world was, where the huge Light Cube Cluster was set up.
However, naturally, the cluster and its paired machines consume
a whole lot of electricity, so implementing complete
independence is clearly impossible in that sense.
Adding to that, Rath was not managing Underworld as a charity
enterprise. Kikuoka Seijirou was actually a member of the Self
Defense Force and if my suspicion of his deep connections to the
founding of Rath proves right, this experiment should have some
tangible aim involving national security. Even if Cardinal
recovered all her authorities and opened a communication
channel to the outside, requesting for Underworld's
independence, there shouldn't be any possibility for those in Rath
to accept that.
Yes—thinking back about it, even if I managed to reach the top
floor of the Central Cathedral and contact Kikuoka, there was
utterly no guarantee that he would listen to my plea of preserving
the Underworld as it is by interacting with Eugeo. All of the
artificial fluct lights are plain experiment subjects to Rath and in
the first place, the current Underworld is itself nothing more than
a single instance of multiple trial runs.
To put it in other words, there is probably only one method if the
artificial fluct lights wish to attain true freedom and
independence—to challenge the humans of the real world.
Apprehensive about thinking what laid beyond that, I forced my
thoughts to a standstill. Raising my face, I looked at Cardinal, then
forced my stiff neck into a nod.
"...Yeah, it's impossible. This world's much too reliant on humans
and energy from the outside world for independence."

71

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Yes.. to give an example, it would be like a shoal of fish, thrown
into a bucket and capable of doing nothing but wait to be deepfried in a pot... The most they could do is to hurl themselves out
and die."
I couldn't simply nod back at Cardinal, murmuring so in a voice
filled with resignation, however.
"But... I can't agree with that so thoroughly, though it's not like I'm
completely against it... The solution you propose, to disappear in
an instant without feeling a thing rather than suffering and dying,
might be the right one to take. But I've already become too
involved with the humans in this world to admit that."
The smiling faces of the people I had closely mingled with in Rulid
and Centoria floated past one after another in my mind. Of course,
I have no desire to see them slaughtered by the forces of the Dark
Territory, but even so, was cooperating with Cardinal in this way
and making everyone's souls vanish the best and only method?
Unable to deal with the reality abruptly thrust at me, I bit my lips
and listened to Cardinal's soothing voice.
"Kirito, if all of my authorities are restored with your assistance, I
will grant your wishes, though for a limited time, before
terminating the Underworld. If you specify the names of those you
wish to help, I will not erase their fluct lights, leaving them in an
archived state. Afterward, you merely have to secure the light
cubes containing their souls when you escape to the outer world. I
can still work something out if it is only ten. Even if this is not the
best choice for you, it should still qualify for second best."
"......!"
I drew in a sharp breath of air at the sudden, unexpected words.
Would something like that really be possible?
72

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

True, if the light cube don't require electricity to retain
information and I manage to take them out from the cluster,
safely preserving them, the fluct lights within should never
deteriorate. It would take time, but it shouldn't be impossible to
«extract» and meet them again when the STL technology goes
mainstream someday.
However, the problem lies with the stage before that, the way to
steal several cubes from the Light Cube Cluster, likely set up at the
heart of the Rath research facility. I can't hide many in my pockets
if the light cube is a cube with sides of five centimeters, as
Cardinal described. Even if I use a handy case, it would certainly
take all I had to carry ten out.
In other words, if I went with this proposal, I would have to select
the souls to be saved.
It was different from sorting out save data on a household game
console. Artificial fluct lights were basically humans, exactly like
myself. I can choose to rescue a mere ten people from an
unavoidable death. And that was only due to their intimacy with
me. Do I truly hold the qualification and right for such a deed?
"It's... it's..."
Impossible for me; that would have been what my words led to,
but they stayed within my mouth and I simply stared at Cardinal's
eyes that felt as though they could see through anything and
everything. What came out instead, was an extremely pathetic
lament.
"—In the first place, why did you choose me as your collaborator
in fighting Administrator? I'll tell you first, but I really don't hold
any actual advantage in this world. Sacred arts, sword skill,
there's plenty who are better, scattered all around. That's right...
for example, even Eugeo would do fine. I probably wouldn't win if
he were to fight me seriously now."
73

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Having patiently heard my pessimistic protest to its conclusion,
Cardinal shook her head solely in exasperation.
She filled the cup atop the table, this time with kohiru tea—or so
it appeared, but it might be real coffee—then took a sip.
"...I realized the load experimental phase, or the invasion of the
Dark Territory in other words, was no longer avoidable only a
mere twenty years or so ago. Since then, I've been seeking for one
who would become my sword much more desperately than
before..."
Likely reaching the final chapter at last, the long, long story
resumed, and I swallowed my lament and listened attentively.
"...However, no matter how much of an expert in the sword or
sacred arts I gain as an ally, that person would need to clear
another huge obstacle to approach Administrator herself, putting
her escorts, the integrity knights, aside."
"...I-Is there still something else...?"
"Yes. While I was conducting my search, I figured out over tens of
ways to solve that other problem, but each one of them lacked a
certain reliability... Time continued flowing as I hurried and
incessant groups of vanguards were already endangering the
mountain range at the edge from the Dark Territory as the first
phase of the load experiment when I noticed. Their numbers were
enough for the eight integrity knights deployed to fail in
eliminating them all. —It was when I began thinking that I had to
give up on restoring my authorities through battle and consider
persuading Administrator, even if it meant offering my neck, with
things the way they were then... a familiar I released got wind of a
story circulating around, of what could be thought as an
impossible tale, in the remote northern region."
"Impossible tale...?"
74

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"A rumor concerning a phenomenon that had never occurred
even once ever since Quinella became Administrator, at least. It
was one about the hindering objects that woman set in every land
of the world to obstruct the expansion of residential boundaries
for the humans... how one of them, a gigantic tree that absorbed
resources from the air with a vast expanse, possessing a
ridiculous priority and durability, had been chopped down by
merely two youngsters."
"......I feel like I've heard that somewhere..."
"I made haste to move the familiar stationed at the northern
region of Norlangarth, that is, Charlotte, and searched for those
youngsters. It was immediately before they set out from the
village when I finally found them. I slipped Charlotte onto the
head of one of them for the moment, a rather careless fellow, and
investigated why they were able to eliminate an object that was
nearly impossible to destroy..."
I thought of saying something in return to being treated as a
rather careless fellow, but I really didn't notice Charlotte riding on
my head for over two years, so I couldn't even muster a noise in
argument. I urged Cardinal to proceed with a scowl.
"I found out exactly why straight away. The sword held by the
flaxen-haired youngster was of a class that the world had few of,
one of the sacred instruments... However, a new doubt surfaced
upon even understanding that. Why did these youngsters possess
such a high object control authority? Experiencing an excitement
that I haven't felt for a long time, I pricked my ears to the pair's
conversations, day and night. Most were foolish talk of absolutely
no use, however..."
"So-Sorry about that."
"Ugh, keep quiet and listen. —Before very long, I finally
understood the reason in a town while on the way to the central
75

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

capital. Astonishingly enough, that would imply that the pair
drove away a larger-sized scout unit from the Dark Territory by
themselves, didn't it? If that proved to be true, the enormous
amount of authority increase points, normally divided between
ten people, would have been monopolized between those two. I
understood that was the reason behind why they gained a high
enough authority to equip sacred instruments, but... at the same
time, yet another new question tormented me. That is—how
could youngsters, born in some remote village who weren't even
part of the guard corps, repel goblin warriors of the Dark
Territory who possessed overwhelming fighting ability? That
sums it up."
"Just saying, but ninety percent of that was through theatrics."
Cardinal seemed to want to scold me for interfering again, then
changed her mind, closed her mouth, and slowly nodded.
"Yes... indeed, that was likely part of what caused that result. That
doubt was cleared up in the end, but it was the only one to take
such a long time. You see, the black-haired one... that is, you Kirito,
were careful and paid attention to your speech and behavior
towards your partner, Eugeo. However, understanding hit me like
a flash of lightning in the end, at the moment I saw you giving
leftovers to a beast not raised by anyone, in other words, a stray
dog. You were not bound by the Taboo Index at all..."
"...Did I really do something like that...?"
"Countless times. It would have been chaos if someone else saw.
—Since then, I analyzed the significance behind your speech and
actions through Charlotte's eyes. Constantly, even after the two of
you reached the central capital and passed through the entrance
of the North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy. It was over a year
after I started observing... when I finally arrived at a single
answer. In short, you are not a soul born in this world and
confined within a light cube but a human from the outside... a
76

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

human from the world where the true creation god, Rath,
resides..."
"—Then I must have disappointed you. After all, I didn't have the
supervisor rights I would typically have, not to mention how I
didn't even have a method to communicate with Rath... why, I
don't even know what's happening outside right now..."
I spoke, feeling sorry for being so little help, and Cardinal shook
her right index finger with mild laughter.
"I knew that from the very beginning. After all, if you had a system
authority above Administrator's, there would be no need for you
to defeat the goblins with a sword, suffering such a deep injury in
the process. I, too, am unable to infer the reason why you have
appeared in the Underworld in a state like this. I guess it was
perhaps due to some sort of accident... or maybe collecting data
with your memories, knowledge, and authorities restricted; I
would be amazed if you weren't paid a rather enormous
compensation for it if it was the latter, however."
"...Yeah, no kidding. I wouldn't know what to think about myself if
that was it."
Recalling the pain from the goblin leader gouging my left
shoulder, I muttered.
"Regardless, you are still the greatest hope I could wish for. After
all, your very existence cleared the other significant barrier in the
battle against Administrator I spoke of earlier."
"What exactly is that barrier supposed to be?"
"—Executing the Synthesis Ritual requires a long command and
extensive adjusting of parameters. Inclusive of the preparation
stage, it needs approximately three days."

77

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

The story abruptly skipped ahead once again and I was
bewildered. But Cardinal's lips continued to move, showing no
acknowledgment of that on her face.
"In short, there is nearly no need to take sacred arts that can
access a light cube directly into account for a normal battle. To put
it another way, there is no danger of your soul being overtaken
and brainwashed into an integrity knight in the midst of battle.
However—what if Administrator gave up on capturing the
warrior I chose and simply tried to blow the soul away...? The
necessary command should rapidly shorten along with the lack
for meticulous adjustments of the parameters. It might even
shorten to the extent of letting her finish reciting it while her
escorts battled. I can compensate for attacks based on Life with
equipment and sacred arts as well. However, there is no defense
against an attack towards the fluct light itself. I racked my mind
for a long time when I realized that possibility."
"...An attack on the soul... that's pretty nasty..."
"Yes. Any sort of master would be rendered powerless with his or
her memories torn away... As such, Kirito, you are the only one
capable of confronting that attack. As expected, even
Administrator cannot lay her hands on the sacred instrument of
the outside world, the «STL», that you use to move your soul to
the Underworld. Because there is no such command in existence.
Do you understand the reason behind me being so set on waiting
for you now? The reason why I have set down the maximum
amount of backdoors and continued waiting so intently, in order
to bring you into the Great Library Room when you win the Unity
Tournament... or perhaps, before you got dragged into the
interrogation area after stepping onto the Axiom Church's
grounds as a criminal who violated the Taboo Index...?"
At last, the long, excessively long self-biographical story had come
to its end at the present point in time, and Cardinal took a deep
breath as a faint blush spread over her cheeks.
78

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...I see, so that's the state of affairs..."
I still didn't know the reason behind my diving into the
Underworld with things as they were. Rather, I instead say that it
was to find that out that I set out for the core of the world, the
Axiom Church where I thought the only communication method
with Rath would exist at, as my goal.
However, I couldn't help but think that struggling all the way here
to this place really was predestined when this girl, who had lived
through an absurd length of time, clearly declared so. Was this an
oracle for me to try putting in all my effort with Cardinal and
letting some people escape to the real world, despite it being only
ten, with the unguaranteed success of the battle against
Administrator—?
No, before bringing up fate or whatever else, I couldn't find it in
me to refuse the girl before my eyes, who earnestly waited for this
very moment for two hundred years. She reiterated that she was
an emotionless program countless times, but I do not believe that
to be the truth from what I've heard in her long, long story.
Cardinal, too, ought to be a human possessing human emotions
just like me. All the more so, even if she was bound by an order,
her one and only wish—of correcting the world.
"How about it, Kirito. I cannot force you... if you cannot approve of
my plan to return the world to null, I'll send Eugeo and you out
from a backdoor in any position of your liking. In that situation,
you would both have to overcome all the difficulties to defeat
Administrator, which would then likely lead to a battle with me
after you've accomplished your respective goals, but... all I can say
is that that, too, is fate..."
Murmuring so, Cardinal then showed a distinct smile, one that
appeared the most appropriate for her age among her various
expressions ever since she invited us into this library room.
79

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

After a long period of silence, I replied to the girl's question with
one of my own.
"Cardinal... Your soul's a copy of Quinella, that was what you said,
right...?"
"Yes, that is the case indeed."
"Then... you should have the blood of pure nobles running
through you too. The genes to pursue one's own interests and
desires are... Why did you not throw everything away and try to
flee? It should be possible for you to run away to some small
village, so far away that not even Administrator can track you, and
fall in love, get married, and bring up children like an ordinary
girl... maybe even die from old age in bliss. Wasn't that your wish?
Your blood should be commanding you to follow your desires...
constantly, for these two hundred years. Why did you resist that
command and continue waiting for over two hundred years in a
place like this by yourself...?"
"You are a foolish one, through and through."
Cardinal grinned.
"I said it, that all my interests and desires are just one due to the
purpose of the Cardinal sub-process's existence burnt into my
soul, to eliminate Administrator and normalize the world. In my
mind, a normalized world can no longer be achieved without
sending it back to utter nothingness. As such— As such, I—"
There was an abrupt pause in her words, so I stared into
Cardinal's spectacles. The widely opened burnt-brown eyes
appeared to be shivering intensely, perhaps due to restraining
some sort of emotion. Soon, those lips moved and a voice so soft I
almost couldn't hear it escaped.

80

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...No... I suppose that's wrong... I, too... I, too, have a wish; a single
one... Something I wanted to understand at any cost... in these two
hundred years..."
Her eyelids closing and lifting up once again, Cardinal stared at
me intently. She bit her lips in a rare show of hesitation and held
her hands together for a bit, but then suddenly got off the chair
and stood onto the floor with a thump.
"Hey, Kirito, you get up too."
"Hah...?"
I got up as I was told to. Cardinal leaned quite a bit to look up at
me, standing upright with my head inclined in doubt. I didn't have
that much in terms of height, but still, it differed quite a lot from
the girl who held an outer appearance of one around ten years
old.
Cardinal frowned as she scanned through our surroundings,
placed her right leg onto the chair she had sat on until now, and
got up with some effort. Turning about, she nodded as though
checking if the levels of our eyes were roughly aligned.
"There we go. Hey, Kirito, come over here."
"...?"
Still confused about the situation, I took several steps and stood in
front of Cardinal.
"More to the front."
"Eeh?"
"Stop complaining."
What's the matter, I wondered as I advanced bit by bit. “That's
enough” by the time I got told that, our forelocks were practically
81

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

already touching each other. Cardinal gazed at my eyes with a
glance, as I sweated cold perspiration, and immediately looked
away, receiving another order.
"Spread out your arms."
"......Like this?"
"Turn them in front and make a ring."
"........."
Surely, she wouldn't bash me up with the staff, or anything like
that, the moment I followed her instructions— in trepidation, I
slowly moved my arms, avoiding Cardinal's body, and linked my
left and right fingertips together at a spot quite far away from her
back.
After spending several seconds filled with such an awkward
silence, Cardinal made a slightly cute click with her tongue.
"Ugh, bashful, aren't you?"
Are you referring to me; I barely got anywhere before I stopped
that line midway.
Her robe split open, Cardinal's two arms timidly went around my
back as well and I could feel her exerting an extremely mild
strength through the fabric of my coat. The huge hat that collided
with my forehead made a noise as it dropped onto the table and
her chestnut-colored, curly hair brushed against my left cheek. A
subtle weight and a faint heat could be felt on my shoulders and
chest.
"........."
Having endured all I could of this in a silence that was becoming
heavier, I tried to ask for the reason behind this situation.
82

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

However, before I could, Cardinal's almost inaudible voice meekly
swayed out into the Great Library Room's atmosphere.
"I see... so this is..."
Following a long, deep sigh—
"...So this is what it means to be human?"
My breath was taken away in that instant.
If there was something that Cardinal wanted to know in the end,
after spending two hundred years in isolation pondering about
everything, there would obviously be no other answer except
contact with another human, wouldn't it?
The word, human, takes its roots from connections between
people. Being human means to exchange words with another; to
take each others' hands in their own; to feel the contact between
souls.
Despite that, this girl had gone through two hundred years of time
by herself, surrounded by books incapable of a single line of
conversation.
I could finally palpably grasp the time Cardinal had lived through,
with a certain degree of reality. At the same time, I moved my left
and right arms, firmly pulling the girl's back towards me.
"...Warm..."
There was something decisively different somewhere in that
particular voice from all of Cardinal's other voices thus far,
sighing as it murmured.
I also could feel small yet distinct drops of water in that moment,
carrying heat as they gently traveled across my cheeks.

83

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"...Rewarded... at last... these two hundred years of mine... were
not in vain..."
The teardrops flowed, drop followed by another, before
disappearing somewhere.
"I'm satisfied... just knowing this warmth... this is plenty, for a
reward..."

84

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

85

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I did not know how long we stayed that way for sure, but my
stomach already felt empty when that gentle shift in the
atmosphere occurred.
Getting down from the chair, Cardinal picked up her knockedover hat and patted it before placing it on her head. Pushing her
round glasses up as she looked this way, that face of hers had
already regained the presence of an aloof sage.
"How much longer do you plan on standing in a daze?"
"...That's just too much..."
Mumbling a protest against those words that made me think the
tears earlier were a delusion, I took a seat at the table's edge.
Cardinal silently waited as I crossed my arms and took a long
breath but plainly asked the final question before long.
"—So, have you reached a conclusion? Will you take up my
proposal, or refuse it?"
"......"
I, unfortunately, did not happen to possess enough decisiveness
for an immediate answer.
Going by logic alone, selecting ten who should be saved and
borrowing Cardinal's assistance to escape to the real world would
be the greatest outcome I could hope for—that was how it was, I
guess. After all, I couldn't formulate any better alternatives in my
current state.
But it wasn't like none existed just because I couldn't think of any.
I want to believe that. Hence, upon lifting my face, I stared straight
at Cardinal and spoke.
"...Got it. I'll participate in your strategy. But..."

86

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

As if squeezing out each word, one at a time, I continued on.
"But I won't stop thinking. Even when we start fighting against
the integrity knights and Administrator from now on, I'll continue
searching for some other method. A solution that will somehow
avert the load experimental phase tragedy and allow the world's
peace to last."
"Dear me, you're ridiculously optimistic, aren't you. I already
knew that, though."
"Well, you see... I don't want you to disappear either. If you told
me to choose ten people, you'll be included in there, make no
mistake about that."
Cardinal immediately shrouded those eyes, opened wide for a
sheer instant, in the shade of derision and shook her head in
exaggerated motions.
"...And on top of that, you're foolish. If I were to escape, who
would be the one to erase this world?"
"Like I said... I understand the circumstances, but I won't abandon
the futile struggle, that's all I'm saying."
Shaking her head in pure exasperation at my excuse-like words,
the sage spun around turning her back to me. The voice delivered
on the gentle wind caused by the fluttering robe was thoroughly
quiet, hiding a two hundred years isolation that was utterly
impossible for a brief moment of contact to bury.
"A day shall come when you, too... taste the bitterness of
resignation... Not a time when you give it your all and fail... one
where you need to accept the premise of failure... —Now, let's
return. It is likely that your partner will finish reading the history
books soon. Let us discuss concrete details for our plans from
now on together with Eugeo."
87

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Ringing her staff onto the stone floor, Cardinal turned to where
we came from and started to walk, without taking a single look at
me.

88

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Part 2
As Cardinal judged, Eugeo had just closed a massive book placed
on his lap as he sat in the middle of the stairs when we returned
to the history books corridor.
I called out to him while walking closer, his eyes wandering about
in a daze as if he hadn't yet woken up from the historical reports
spanning hundreds of years.
"That took a while. Sorry about making you wait all alone."
Eugeo's back suddenly trembled at that and he distinctively
blinked multiple times for some reason, then finally looked at me.
"Ah... aah, Kirito. How long has it been...?"
"Eh? Erm..."
I looked around in a fluster, but there wasn't a single window
around, let alone a clock. Cardinal softly cleared her throat and
answered in my place.
"It has been roughly two hours, the sun is completely up in the
sky now. —How was it, the long history of the Human World?"
"Hmm... how should I say this...?"
When asked, Eugeo endlessly chewed on his lips as though
searching for the words, then muttered in an indecisive tone.
"...Did everything written in this book actually happen? It's like...
reading a series of well-written fairy tales... You see, most of the
episodes go like, some kind of problem occured at so-and-so
place, then integrity knights arrive and solve the problem, and
ever since then, a new such-and-such clause was added to the
Taboo Index... it was filled with such stories."

89

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"There's no helping it, those are historical facts, after all. A net
with water poured and spilling through, and its gaps stitched up
one after another; that's the sort of organization the Axiom
Church is."
Cardinal practically spat those words out, making Eugeo widen
his eyes. That was only natural; it was probably the first time he
met a person who gave such straight criticism of the church, not
to mention she was a girl in her tender years—though of course,
that was only what she appeared on the outside.
"Er... erm, may I ask who are...?"
"Aah, she's called Cardinal. Err... she was banished by the existing
highest minister, Administrator, and was once a highest minister
herself as well."
After I gave that summarized introduction, Eugeo gulped, making
an odd noise from the back of his throat as he drew away.
"No, there's no need to be scared. It seems like she's willing to
help us out even though we're going to fight those integrity
knights."
"Hel... help us out...?"
"Yeah. This person's goal is to defeat Administrator and get
reinstated as the highest minister, you see. So... well, we decided
to form an alliance."
There was definitely no lies in that tremendously simplified
explanation, but I really couldn't bring myself to approach that
conclusion where erasure awaits all of the Underworld
inhabitants upon Cardinal regaining her authorities. I would
probably have to discuss it with Eugeo someday, but still, I didn’t
have the foggiest idea how I could broach the subject.

90

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

As though clad in obedience, my partner stared at Cardinal
without a single tinge of distrust in his eyes and gave a nervous
smile.
"Is that so... that would be a great help, really. If she was once the
highest minister, then would she know if Alice... the integrity
knight, Alice Synthesis Thirty, was the same person as Alice
Schuberg of Rulid? ...If she does... how about a method to return
Alice to how she once was too...?"
Cardinal lowered her eyelashes just a little at the question Eugeo
asked in a faltering speech.
"I apologize, but... the information I can get a hold of from this
place is extremely limited. Basically, I would not know any more
than the affairs my not-too-abundant numbers of familiars
observe. I might still know if it was an incident within the
cathedral or the central part of Centoria but one from as far as the
remote regions would simply be... I am aware of the birth of an
integrity knight named Alice, but I am utterly ignorant of her
origins at this current point in time..."
Eugeo's shoulders slightly slumped upon hearing thus far but he
sharply took in a breath of air with the words that followed.
"—However, I can teach you the method to revoke the sacred art
to give birth to, no, produce an integrity knight, the «Synthesis
Ritual»."
Cardinal looked at Eugeo and me in turn, then spoke in a stately
tone.
"You simply have to remove the «Piety Module» inserted into their
souls."
"Pahy... moju...?"

91

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I added some side information for Eugeo, repeating the unfamiliar
words from English, no, the Sacred Tongue with difficulty.
"Module, er, carries the meaning of 'component' in the Sacred
Tongue. Look, you saw it when we fought with Integrity Knight
Eldrie in the rose garden, right? When that guy turned strange
halfway through and all..."
"Aah... the thing that looked like a purple crystal rod coming out
from his forehead..."
"Indeed, that's exactly it."
Carrying the staff in her right hand, Cardinal drew a horizontal
line in midair with its end, then moved it as though to cut the line
near its middle.
"The Piety Module is inserted in a way that would obstruct the
links between memories. Through that, it seals away the history
of the one who would become an integrity knight, simultaneously
forcing an absolute loyalty towards the Axiom Church and highest
minister. —However, the stability of a coercive and complex art
like this is not high. If the important memories around the module
are roused through external stimulation, the art will start to
unravel as the both of you have witnessed."
"In other words... to dispel the art, we'll just have to jolt the
integrity knight's past memories, that's how it works?"
I asked with high hopes, but Cardinal didn't nod.
"No... that is not enough by itself. There is one more thing, another
something you will require."
"Wh-What is that?"
Eugeo was the one to lean forward this time.

92

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"What originally existed where the module was inserted. In other
words, the memory fragment most valued by the integrity knight.
Ordinarily, recollections of the one they most loved would be
there. Do you remember what words that integrity knight you
fought reacted to the most?"
Eugeo answered before I could dig through my memories.
"Yes. It was the name of his mother. The crystal looked like it
would fall out with just a little more when he heard that."
"Then that was likely it. The memories extracted from Eldrie were
related to his mother, that is where the module was embedded.
You see, although none of the integrity knights' past memories
serve any importance to Administrator in the first place, memory
and ability are deeply connected. If all of their memories were to
be erased, their strength as a knight... they would lose even their
secret swordsmanship moves and sacred arts techniques. Hence,
she refrained from obstructing the flow of their memories. I
deleted the majority of my memories to prolong my life, but I lost
much of the knowledge and ability attained in that period of time
as well..."
Taking a short breath, Cardinal added on.
"...I'll say this again, that all of the integrity knights have had their
most important memory fragments stolen by Administrator.
Unless you retrieve those, the flow of their memories will not
return to how they were originally, even if you remove the piety
module. In the worst case scenario, their very memories might get
severely damaged."
"Memory fragments... Th-Then... what if Administrator breaks
what she drew out from the knights...?"
I nervously asked and Cardinal slowly shook her head with a
complicated expression.
93

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"No... I doubt that. Administrator is a meticulous woman, it's
unlikely for her to break anything even the least bit useful. There
ought to be no mistake that she would first keep it safe in her own
room... on the top floor of the Central Cathedral..."
The top floor of the cathedral—a part of my memories pricked
awake the moment I heard those words, but it vanished before I
could grab hold of it. Feeling a queer irritation, I mumbled.
"So that means... we'll need the stolen memory fragments to
return the integrity knights to how they were, but we'll have to
break through the knights' guard and reach the top floor, where
Administrator is, to get our hands on those, huh..."
"Don't get any naive ideas of gaining victory over the integrity
knights without killing."
Cardinal spoke while giving me a fleeting glare.
"All I may do for you both is to provide equipment equivalent to
that of the integrity knights. The rest depends on the both of you
putting in all you have into fighting."
"Eh... you aren't coming along with us?"
Having expected that we would definitely have a reassuring
support at our backs with an infinite stock of healing magic, I
replied without thinking. But Cardinal curtly shook her head.
"If I were to leave the Great Library Room, Administrator would
immediately sense that and the situation would likely develop
into an all-out war against all of the integrity knights within the
cathedral and that woman herself. If the two of you have the
confidence to fight and defeat ten integrity knights concurrently
however, I wouldn't mind; so?"
There was nothing more Eugeo and I could do but shake our
heads left and right at her cruel way of asking.
94

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"—However, Administrator has not discarded her plan for
capturing both of you and making you two into integrity knights
just yet. If you two were to go by yourselves, she should send only
a small number of knights and try to capture both of you alive.
There is no other method aside from breaking through those
knights one after another and running up the cathedral."
"Mgh..."
True, we should split the enemies up even if it meant using
ourselves as decoy if we're up against opponents with superior
numbers. But even if that worked out, the other side were
integrity knights, the strongest in the world. We had a hard fight
against Eldrie alone, so I couldn't help but think about giving up if
two were to come at us.
While I sank into silence, Eugeo spoke on my behalf with a
somewhat dismal light in his eyes.
"—Understood. I'll fight if we need to, and if there's no choice but
to kill... I won't avoid that either. I did break out from prison with
that resolution from the start... However, if Alice were to
appear...? I will not fight with Alice, I came all the way here to take
her back, after all."
"Fm... that's true. Eugeo, I sympathize with your goal as well. —
Very well, if Integrity Knight Alice stands in your way, you would
do well to use this."
Cardinal said, and took out what appeared to be two extremely
small daggers from her black robe.
They had a simple form, as though someone had simply
sharpened the longer protrusion of a cross to a point. Their only
embellishment was a thin chain that passed through a hole in the
pommel. Cardinal handed both Eugeo and I one of the daggers
each that gleamed a deep brown. I accepted it, pinching the
95

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

exceedingly thin handle between my fingertips, and almost
dropped it due to its unexpected weight. Its entire length didn't
even reach twenty centimeters, but the resistance I felt was not
much different from that of the practice swords in the Sword
Mastery Academy.
"What is this...? Some secret weapon that kills in a single hit or
something?"
Putting my finger through the chain, I gazed at the dagger
dangling before my face as I asked, and Cardinal curtly shook her
head.
"The dagger itself has practically no offensive ability, as its
appearance suggests. However, an inseverable path will be
connected between myself, in the Great Library Room, and the
one stabbed by it. In other words, the various sacred arts I can use
will affect the target. After all, that originally was a part of myself.
—Eugeo, dodge Integrity Knight Alice's attacks and stab that into
her body somewhere, the position is of no concern. It would
barely reduce any Life. In that instant, I will lead Alice into a deep
sleep with my arts... until the two of you can retrieve the girl's
memories and ready the preparations for the Synthesis removal."
"Deep... sleep..."
It appeared Eugeo was divided between whether or not to believe
in it as he stared hard at the brown dagger on his palm. He
definitely still felt reluctance at hurting Alice, even with a weapon
even more flimsy than a paper knife.
I gently pat my partner's back and spoke.
"Eugeo, let's trust this person. If you think about it, we would
have to make Alice faint or something like that if we were to cross
swords with her and we definitely won't be able to avoid getting
hurt pretty bad, with the same going for her. In comparison,
96

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

getting pricked with a dagger like this would just be like getting
stung by a large marsh horsefly."
"...That bug doesn't sting humans, though."
Perhaps his mood had recovered, as Eugeo corrected my
thoughtless words like we were in the academy, then turned back
to Cardinal.
"Understood. Allow me to make use of this if I am unable to
persuade Alice, then."
Grasping the dagger tightly within his palm, he bowed deeply as
though to convince himself. I breathed a sigh of relief as well,
looking at the cross-shaped dagger dangling from my right hand.
"...Cardinal, you said that this dagger was a part of you earlier,
didn't you? What did you mean by that?"
Cardinal shrugged her shoulders lightly at my inquiry.
"Even if Administrator and I are able to generate each and every
object, it's not like we're producing them from nothing."
"Hah...?"
"The world has limited resources. You should understand that
from how the farmland could not be cultivated around the Gigas
Cedar that the two of you chopped down, shouldn't you? In the
same manner, if I were to create an object possessing a certain
priority, I would have to sacrifice an existence equal to that. When
I previously had the chance to battle Administrator, she created a
sword, and me, a staff—but in that instant, every single one of the
valuable treasures within that room vanished, hehe."
Cardinal tapped the staff in her right hand onto the stone floor
and failed to suppress a somewhat happy chuckle escaping from
her.
97

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"—However, as you can see, the Great Library Room is a sealed
space. Even if I try to create a high priority weapon, there are no
objects for an equivalent exchange. The immeasurable amount of
books could, well, be said to be valuable, but that applies solely to
their content, so... I thought of using this staff as well, but it is
necessary in the battle against Administrator, which clearly
narrows what could be used as compensation to one, nothing but
my own body. This body of mine is certainly valuable; it belongs
to the one with the highest authority in the world, after all."
"Bo..."
"Body...?"
Eugeo and I instinctively examined Cardinal's slender body from
head to toe. I immediately noticed how rude it was and averted
my eyes, but I did confirm that the girl had all four limbs at the
current moment. After swallowing my words countless times, I
timidly opened my mouth.
"...Th-That is... to say that you cut off part of that body, converted
it to an object, then regenerated that part...?"
"Dolt, nothing would have been sacrificed in that case. This is it."
After turning her head to face the side, Cardinal twirled and
flicked the extremely short bundles of chestnut-colored, curly hair
tied at both sides of her slender nape.
"Ah, aah... I see, so it was your hair..."
"The compensation for one dagger was one of these, grown for
two hundred years. I could have shown it off before it was cut if
the two of you had come earlier."
She said so jokingly, but the fleeting shade of sadness that
surfaced in her eyes proved that Cardinal still remained a girl,
even if a part of her had been used as a base material.
98

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

But that fragment of sentimentality instantly disappeared into the
depths of her sage-like attitude.
"—With those reasons stated, each of those daggers may appear
small in stature but they possess a sharpness and endurance
capable of piercing an integrity knight's armor. Furthermore, they
are able to connect a path through the space of nothingness
surrounding the Great Library Room as they are still a part of my
body in a certain sense. ...I originally created them to deal with
Administrator. Kirito, I'll have you stab yours into her body after
dodging those mighty attacks of hers. One was meant as a spare,
but oh well, you will simply have to succeed on the first try."
"Ugh... a heavy responsibility, huh..."
I finally noticed after taking another look at the dagger swaying
under my right hand. That the deep-brown gleam matched the
color of the curly hair peeking out from the edge of Cardinal's hat.
Eugeo seemed to have understood the value of the dagger given
to him, despite being stumped at the explanation jumbled with
Sacred Tongue words, and nervously opened his mouth.
"Er-Erm... is it really alright? Letting me use one of these daggers
for Alice, even though there are only two...?"
"I do not mind. And at any rate..."
Cardinal held in the words that followed and looked at me, her
eyes seemingly to see through to my inner thoughts perfectly.
Yes, at any rate, Cardinal's assistance in removing Alice's
brainwashing was required for the fluct lights of ten people,
including Eugeo and Alice, to escape to the real world. It was
probably better to recover Alice before explaining that situation
to Eugeo. Even Eugeo might agree to escape this world,
accompanied by a person precious to him. No, I would have to
99

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

make him accept it, no matter what means I would have to resort
to.
Feeling ashamed for already unwittingly taking Cardinal's world
annihilation plan as a given, I tightly squeezed the thin chain.
Yes... there might be no other path aside from the Underworld
vanishing. But even so, I wish to include Cardinal herself within
that ten. Even if I do end up deceiving her in the process.
In a bid to escape from those omniscient eyes of Cardinal, I turned
away, loosened my shirt collar, and dangled the dagger there after
putting my head through the chain. After making Eugeo do the
same, I asked something that caught my attention a little during
Cardinal's earlier explanation.
"Now that I think about it... if something's needed as
compensation to create an object, then what about those? That
heap of food and drinks you brought forth when we came here."
Cardinal lightly shrugged her shoulders up and down, and replied
with a smile.
"Now, there's no need to fret over that. I merely made two or
three trifling books on law disappear."
Still gripping onto the chain on his neck with both hands, a weird
'mgh' noise came from the depths of Eugeo's throat, being the
history lover that he was.
"Nn? What is it, you want more? You're a growing child, I see."
Eugeo shook both his head and hands at the same time to stop
Cardinal, about to raise and swing her staff.
"N-No, I'm full already! Ra-Rather than that, please continue the
story!!"
"There's really no need to restrain yourself."
100

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

When Cardinal said so, smiling so much that it made me think that
she was fully aware all along, she lowered the staff, coughed once,
and changed her tone.
"—The sequence changed, but those two daggers are our true
trump cards as I have explained earlier. Eugeo's would be for
Alice and Kirito's for Administrator; prioritize stabbing your
dagger into your respective targets over all else. Resort to
anything if you believe it will raise the possibility of success, be it
surprise attacks or playing dead. After all, my belief is that the one
and only thing you two excel above the integrity knights in, is how
you are more accustomed to being devious... no, to the tactics of
actual battles."
Before a somewhat upset-looking Eugeo could get a word in, I
chimed in with a "I totally agree".
"I wish we could just struggle all the way to the end with sheer
trickery, but... unfortunately, the other side has the home
advantage. We'll have to be prepared for a frontal assault. That
brings me to my point, Cardinal. I take it that what you said
earlier, that 'provide equipment equivalent to those of the
integrity knights' bit, essentially meant that you'll be pulling out
heaps of weapons or armor of the sacred instrument class?"
This might be a tense situation, but the soul carved into me as a
member of the clearing group was acutely receptive to the smell
of a «strongest weapon obtaining event». As I anticipated
Cardinal's words, my hearting beating fast, the sage made an
exasperated face for the umpteemth time today and voiced out a
blunt remark for the umpteemth time today.
"Imbecile, what has been entering those ears of yours? Look here,
the creation of a high ranking object requires..."
"—I see... the compensation of an object with equivalent class was
needed... wasn't it..."
101

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Don't give me that face, like a child whose snack fell to the
ground! You're making me start doubting my decision of choosing
you both. In the first place, you ought to be well aware that a
weapon is not something that can be freely controlled the instant
you are granted it. No matter how powerful a weapon I give you,
you can't hope to prevail against those of the integrity knights,
whose beloved pieces of equipment they have treated as their
own flesh and blood, and passionately used for decades."
I recalled Eldrie's whip that could freely slither through the air,
practically like a silver snake, and couldn't help but nod. It was
true, even in my SAO days, that it was taboo to immediately toss a
rare weapon into actual combat just because you had found one.
When I became depressed, feeling not like a kid who had dropped
a snack but one who had knocked over an entire christmas cake,
Cardinal continued ahead with a blend between disgust and pity
on her face.
"In the first place, you and Eugeo already have swords the two of
you have cared for and are powerful enough without me needing
to produce one, don't you?"
"Eeh!"
Eugeo reacted this time by springing up.
"Will you recover them for us!? My Blue Rose Sword and... Kirito's
black one!?"
"There's no helping it. Those two swords are irrefutably true
sacred instruments. The first, a weapon of which only four exist in
the world, solely for the dragon knights' use; the second,
containing the essence of a demonic tree that continued to absorb
resources from a vast area over several hundred years...
immediately creating weapons on the same class as those would
prove a difficult task for even Administrator and me.
102

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Furthermore, the both of you have already gotten used to those
two blades enough."
"Oh come on... if you could do that, then say so earlier."
I breathed a sigh of relief, leaning back onto a bookshelf at my
side. I had half-abandoned the wish of regaining those cherished
swords seized from us before we were thrown into the
underground jail, but I absolutely couldn't complain if we were to
regain them.
"But... even if you talk about recovering them, it would be
impossible to teleport them straight here, wouldn't it?"
"Indeed, it seems you finally understand."
Agreeing with my words, Cardinal crossed her arms with a
complex expression.
"I dare say those swords are stored in the equipment vault on the
third floor of the cathedral. It is a mere thirty mel... thirty meters
or so away from the nearest backdoor, but as you've seen earlier,
doors connecting into the tower cannot be opened a second time.
The bugs released by Administrator to search for me would
immediately swarm there, you see... Hence, I have no choice but to
have the two of you exit from that door and recover those from
the equipment vault, then ascend the tower on each of your own
two legs. Fortunately, there is a large staircase in front of the
equipment vault."
"Hmm... starting from the third floor, huh... By the way, which
floor is Administrator's room on?"
"Central Cathedral grows taller year after year, you see... it should
be close to a hundred floors at the present moment..."
"Hyaa..."
103

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

I unintentionally choked off my throat. The gigantic white stone
tower built at the heart of Centoria certainly was so high that its
peak couldn't be seen regardless of which part of the city you
were—but I didn't think it actually had more stories than the real
world's skyscrapers. We wouldn't be brought into a battle on each
and every floor, would we; I unconsciously voiced out a complaint
while feeling somewhat dejected.
"Ermm, can't we start on the fiftieth floor or something instead...?"
"It depends on your point of view, Kirito."
The one who interjected with a bitter smile was Eugeo, ten times
more optimistic than me.
"The enemies coming at us would probably be split up
accordingly with the length of the distance."
"Ah, uh, well, that might be true, but..."
Shifting my back hesitantly, I sat down in the passage before dryly
clearing my throat.
"...Well, I did go up the open-air stairs at the old Tokyo Tower..."
"Hah?"
"No, it's nothing. —I guess our operational plans are decided for
now, then. First, we'll recover our swords from the equipment
vault. And with them, we defeat the integrity knights that appear
as we climb the tower. If we encounter Alice during that, we make
her fall asleep with the dagger and send her to the Great Library
Room. If we reach the hundredth floor, we stab Administrator
with the dagger as well and get our hands on Alice's memory
fragment."
I finally prepared for the worst and Cardinal's calm words rained
down on me.
104

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Regrettably, there is one more thing we will need to do."
"Eh... wh-what?"
"Your swords are certainly powerful, but you will not defeat the
integrity knights through them alone. That is because they
possess a dreadful technique to amplify the ability of their
weapons by several times."
"Ah... could that be the «armament full control art»...?"
Cardinal curtly nodded at Eugeo's hoarse voice.
"Weapons of the sacred instrument class strongly inherit
properties from the object that served as its nucleus. Eldrie's
«Frost Scale Whip» the two of you fought against was the lord of
the largest lake in the eastern empire, a two-headed white snake,
which Administrator captured alive and converted into a weapon.
However, it retained parameters, the agility of a snake, the
sharpness of its scales, and the accuracy of its aim, even after it
became a mute whip. The full control art releases all of those socalled «memories of the weapon», realizing a more potent
offensive power than was originally impossible."
"Uhn, so that means his whip becoming a snake wasn't an illusory
art or anything like that, huh..."
I groaned as I stroked where I had gotten hit by Eldrie's whip on
my chest with my fingertips. While praying that white snake thing
didn't have a delayed poison, I lent my ears to Cardinal's
explanation that continued still.
"Every single one of the integrity knights have mastered the full
control art for the weapon granted to them by Administrator.
That includes training in high speed chanting to ensure that they
do not get caught during the long art ritual. I suppose there really
would be no time for chanting practice, but gaining victory would
105

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

be most uncertain if the two of you don't learn the full control art
for your respective swords at the very least."
"No... but my black sword was just a huge tree, not an animal, you
know...? Would it even have any memories to release?"
"It would. Those daggers I passed over earlier are the same, they
are capable of opening a channel towards me the moment an
attack hits, through a process identical to the full control art, only
because they retain the memory, or property in other words, of
being my hair. It goes without saying that the previous existence
of your sword, the Gigas Cedar, qualifies and the origin of Eugeo's
Blue Rose Sword, from an eternal block of ice, is no exception."
"It... it was ice and nothing more?"
Eugeo, too, opened his mouth in a daze at this. That was only
natural, even if I had to list the properties of ice, I can't think up of
much more than «very cold». I cocked my head in confusion, but
still, as it was the word of one of the two gods in the world, I could
only accept it.
"Well... if you're teaching us the art ritual, it'll probably work as
the full control art for our swords too. I'll be real grateful for
getting a special move, what kind is it?"
But the reply was beyond my expectations once again.
"Don't behave like a spoiled brat! I will describe the art ritual, but
you will be the one to decide what sort of technique it becomes
yourself!"
"Eh... eeh!? Why!?"
"It is insufficient to simply chant the art ritual to «release the
memories», the essence of the armament full control art. The
owner must strongly picture the released form of that beloved
weapon... you must recall. Rather than the perfect control art
106

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

itself, the process of recollection could be said to be a more
influential power. After all, the power of imaging... that is,
«incarnation», is the founding principle behind the world..."
Even I couldn't understand over half of the words Cardinal
rapidly spoke. Especially the word, 'incarnation', which I couldn't
decide was from the Sacred Tongue or Common Tongue and tried
to ask for its meaning but felt a prickling sensation from a corner
of my memories before I could.
That was... yes, a little more than two months ago. When I sank
into depression while holding on to those torn and scattered
zephyria flower buds at the flower beds in the novice trainee
dormitory's at the Sword Mastery Academy, someone... no, it
wasn't just someone. Cardinal's familiar, Charlotte the small black
spider, called out to me. 'Each and every art ritual is nothing more
than an incarnation, that is, a tool to guide and arrange your
mental images', she said.
I visualized an image based on her words. For the life energy
released from the blooming four great sacred flowers in the
surrounding flowerbeds to flow into the severed seedlings left in
the planters. Despite not chanting a single word of any art ritual, a
green light filled the air and engulfed the seedlings... and with
that, the zephyrias revived.
Yes, that must truly be the «process of recollection» Cardinal
spoke of. I would agree if that was the case, I doubt it would be
possible to express the entirety of such a phenomenon within an
art ritual.
Perhaps having read my inner thoughts, Cardinal nodded once
with a serious expression, then turned her eyes to Eugeo, still
perplexed, and spoke.
"Follow me. Rest for a bit, and we will put the art ritual together
later."
107

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

After leaving the history book corridor and descending several
levels, we returned to the circular room on the first floor of the
Great Library Room that I was first brought to.
The many manjuu and sandwiches still remained on the plate on
the center table with steam rising from them despite it being over
two hours since then. It appeared that not only was an art used on
them to recover the Lives of the ones who ate it, but also one to
forever prevent them from becoming cold.
It was only natural for my appetite to reignite upon seeing that,
but I found it hard to reach out for them now that I knew the food
had previously been books from the bookshelves. Staring up at
Eugeo and I, standing still with conflicting thoughts within
ourselves, Cardinal coldly spoke.
"They would pose a hindrance to recollection, so I'll have them
disappear if you aren't eating."
"Wa-Wait, please put them somewhere we can't see for now. We'll
keep them for later when we go off."
The sage lightly shook her head and brought the staff in her right
hand up at my stubborn words. A single knock on the table's edge
and the large plate sank into the tabletop along with the variety of
manjuu.
In their place, three chairs with backs rose from the floor and
Cardinal waved her hand, signaling for us to sit. Sitting down as
requested to, I stared at the now-clean-and-tidy table with
nothing on it.
It wasn't like I was trying to summon back the manjuu with that; I
was trying to visualize the form of that beloved sword currently
not in my possession—temporarily named the «black one».
However, I was unable to replicate it perfectly, down to its finer
108

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

details, partially due to the fact that I had hardly had many
chances to actually become acquainted with it.
Trying the same thing as myself and apparently feeling the same
distress, Eugeo spoke with a troubled expression as he sat by my
side.
"...Cardinal-san, is it really possible? Visualizing the sword's
released form without actually having it around is simply..."
However, Cardinal gave an unexpected answer as she sat on the
opposite side.
"It's actually easier without it around. If it was actually laid before
your eyes, your mental image would freeze there. You need
neither your hands nor eyeballs to feel, approach, and release the
swords' hidden memories. It'll suffice, seeing it in your mind's
eye."
"Mind's... eye, huh..."
Muttering, I recalled when the zephyria seedlings revived once
more. If my recollections proved right, I had neither touched nor
stared at the four great sacred flowers that shared their lives with
the zephyrias on the verge of death back then. I just believed and
gave my thoughts an image. For the life force to overflow, gather,
and stream in.
It seemed Eugeo reached his own understanding too, as he was
giving several small nods. The black robed sage gazed at us,
faintly smiled, then solemnly announced.
"Excellent. Now, firmly visualize your beloved sword lying atop
the table first. Don't stop until I give the cue."
"...Got it."
"I will do what I can."
109

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Eugeo and I answered softly, then straightened ourselves atop the
chairs and lowered our sight to the tabletop.
I gave up in roughly five seconds earlier but now, continued to
stare at it this time determinedly. There was no need to hurry. I'll
start by clearing my mind.
«Black one». Now that I think about it, it was rather pitiful, being
called by such a half-baked nickname, no, temporary name even
now.
It was on the seventh day of the third month when its base
material, a branch cut off from the top of the huge tree, Gigas
Cedar, had been polished into the shape of a sword through a
whole year with the handiwork of the craftsman in the capital,
Sadore. Today was the twenty-fourth day of the fifth month, so it
hadn't accompanied me for even three months. Excluding
maintenance and practice, I had only drawn it from its scabbard
once against the head swordsman-in-training of the previous
year, Uolo Levanteinn, in a match and once against the head
swordsman-in-training this year, Raios Antinous, in—a real
battle. That was all.
However, during both of those times, the black sword had helped
me out by exhibiting a power that could have only been the will of
the sword. Despite the fact that I was the one who had chopped
down its previous form, the Gigas Cedar. Our acquaintance might
truly be shallow, but the sense of unity and resolve whenever I
gripped its handle and unleashed a sword skill were definitely not
inferior in any way to the swords I had cherished in the past.
Despite that, the reason why I hesitated to name the black sword
was because I felt its contrast with the weapon Eugeo held, the
«Blue Rose Sword», might have perhaps been far too intense
when lined up side-by-side...

110

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

White and black. Flower and tree. Two swords with both similar
and opposite parts.
There was no basis to it, but I have always been bound by a single
premonition ever since I had set off on the journey from Rulid
Village two years earlier. That the Blue Rose Sword and the black
sword might possibly be fated to exchange blows someday.
My mind tells that shouldn't happen. Because the owners of the
swords, Eugeo and I, don't have a single reason to fight among
ourselves. But on the other hand, my heart tells me that doesn't
apply to the swords themselves. After all, the Blue Rose Sword
personally sliced the Gigas Cedar's trunk, toppling it to the
ground...
I continued to visualize the black sword's form on the tabletop
even as reminiscence and anxiety, rather than emptiness, filled
my mind. A simple pommel in the form of a truncated cone. A grip
wrapped in black leather. A guard in the shape of a forceful curve.
It was hard to believe the hefty blade tinged with a deep
translucency, like a black crystal, had originated from a tree. Light
shone onto it accumulated within, making the edge and point that
were as sharp as a razor, gleam beautifully...
Each part of the illusional sword had their shapes trembling
fuzzily at first, but stabilized accordingly as my other thoughts
faded away. Soon, it possessed toughness, weight, even warmth,
and began releasing a dense aura atop the table.
With my eyes dedicated solely to the glossy blade, I heard a voice
from somewhere.
"Deeper. Dive deeper. Until you touch the memories hidden
within the sword, the essence of its existence."
The blackness of the sword stretched out without a sound.
Masking the table and floor, the surrounding bookshelves and
111

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

lamps, it engulfed the world in darkness. Before I knew it, only the
sword and I remained in this lightless, infinite space. The black
sword silently rose, turning its pommel downwards and its point
upwards, and ceased motion. My form flickered and dissolved, my
consciousness sucked into the sword.
When I regained awareness, I was transformed into a single cedar
tree, rooted in the chilly earth.
A thick forest surrounds me. But for some reason, there isn't a
single tree growing around me. I stand still forlornly in the exact
middle of this wide, empty circle. I try calling out to the moss and
ferns covering the soil at my feet, but there is no reply.
......Solitude.
Desolation, the feeling of loneliness, fills me. Wanting to caress
the branches of other trees with my own, I eagerly move them
each time the wind blows, but unfortunately, they do not reach.
They may reach if I stretch them further. With that thought, I
absorb the earth's energy from my roots and the sun's energy
from my leaves with all I have. Instantly, my trunk expands in
thickness and my branches grow in length. My leaves, like pointed
needles, approach the glossy, light-green leaves of the konara oak
growing closest.
However, aah, what misfortune. The leaves of the konara oak
wither light-brown immediately before I touch them, all falling to
the ground in a whirl. Even its branches and trunk lose their
moisture and rot, drained, and it collapses from its roots before
long. It isn't just the konara. The other trees that were standing
around the empty land wither and perish one after another,
crumbling away. The moss immediately masks their remains.
I grieve for a while in the middle of the empty land that has
expanded again, then absorb energy from the ground and sun
112

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

once more. My trunk creaks as it swells out, my branches creak as
they stretch out in all directions. I turn to the top of a nearby
machilus next, desperately reaching out with my leaves.
But yet again, the other party's leaves wither and its trunk rots,
having lost its life, and falls before I make contact. Along with the
tree beside it. And the one beside that. The trees crumble away
one after another and the empty land expands again.
The neighboring trees ended up withering due to me absorbing
energy from the earth and the sun in my bid to extend my
branches. Even while understanding that, I do not give up making
contact with the other trees. How many times had this repeated?
Before I knew it, I became several tens of times bigger than the
trees of the forest and the cleared land had expanded to several
tens of times its original area. And the same goes for the depth of
my solitude.
No matter how far my branches stretch out, the day my pointed
leaves touch the other trees' leaves will never come. I could not
turn back any longer by the time I had realized that. My leaves
and branches, protruding high above the forest, continue to
monopolize a huge amount of sunlight regardless of my will and
my roots, laid out across the ground, continue to absorb a massive
amount of energy from the earth. The cold, vacant land expands
day by day and the trees continue to fall, one after another...
"Good, that's enough."
All of a sudden, I heard that voice and was released from the
cedar tree.
With just a single blink, the surrounding scenery returned to the
Great Library Room where I was previously. Endless bookshelves
illuminated by lamps of orange light. Polished stone flooring. A
round table—and atop it, two swords. They were my «black one»
and Eugeo's «Blue Rose Sword». They seemed exactly like the real
113

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

ones, but that was impossible. Both of our beloved swords should
have been confiscated from us when we were taken to the
cathedral.
When I gazed at the white and black swords in a daze, a small
hand reached out from the opposite side of the table and first held
the black sword by its grip. The sword abruptly quivered in that
instant and vanished without a sound.
Next, the hand touched the Blue Rose Sword by the side. That one
disappeared in an instant as well, as though it was sucked into
that palm.
"......Yes. I have certainly received the «memories of the weapon»
both of you guided."
Raising my head at the voice that seemed satisfied, my eyes met
those of the black robed girl sitting on the opposite side—the
sage, Cardinal. Then, I finally realized that I seemed to have fallen
into some kind of trance. When I looked to the side, Eugeo's green
eyes were aimlessly wandering about again, but his body
suddenly trembled and he blinked several times.
"...Huh... I was on the summit of the highest mountain of the
mountain range at the edge..."
I instinctively called out to my partner, still murmuring some
vague words, with a wry smile.
"So you went somewhere like that?"
"Yeah. It was an extremely cold and really lonely place..."
"Come now, it is not the time to relax yet."
Scolded while on the verge of entering chit-chat mode, I
straightened up my posture in a fluster. When I secretly took a
peek at the other side of the table, the young sage's eyelids were
114

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

closed beyond those lenses. Her eyebrows were slightly lowered,
indicating that she was thinking about something, but eventually,
she lightly nodded and spoke.
"Fm... Rather than coming up with a technique, it seems better to
prioritize with the simplicity of the art ritual. Now, Kirito, let's
first start with your sword."
She lightly knocked on the table with the fingertips on her left
hand and a sheet of parchment silently appeared on the surface.
She touched the blank parchment with her right palm this time,
gently brushing against it from top to bottom.
With just that, an art ritual that extended over ten lines
distinctively surfaced upon it. Spinning the parchment around,
she slid it in front of me. Repeating those actions once again, she
moved the second sheet in front of Eugeo.
My partner and I exchanged glances, then simultaneously fixed
our eyes upon the parchment before us.
The characters, written down in blue-black ink and a neat script,
were entirely in the Sacred Tongue, which would mean letters,
without a single character from the Common Tongue, which
would mean Japanese. It followed the orthodox format for sacred
art rituals, with the line number on the left and the text on the
right. I skimmed through the text, that started with [system call]
on the first line and ended with [enhance armament] on the tenth,
as I counted the number of words and it really did go over
twenty-five words.
True, it was essentially shorter than the full control art for the
«Frost Scale Whip» Integrity Knight Eldrie used, but memorizing
all of this was considerably difficult.
"Er-ermm... is taking this with me..."

115

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"It goes without saying you can't. You should know that even
those chicks in the academy, the trainees, aren't allowed to look at
their textbooks during actual practice."
After rejecting me with an exasperated face, Cardinal continued.
"Firstly, if you take an object related to this library room out and it
falls into the enemy's hands, there is the possibility of cracking
through the space isolation."
"Th-Then those daggers we got earlier..."
"Those are linked to my own self, so it will not pose a problem.
Come now, stop complaining and get to memorizing it. Eugeo has
already gotten started."
I looked to the side in shock and as expected of him, Eugeo was
exhibiting his honor student power, staring hard at the
parchment as though he was consuming it and moving his lips in
small motions. After I turned my eyes back to my own text,
resigned, Cardinal mercilessly added more instructions.
"The time limit is thirty minutes, be sure to memorize it before
then."
"N-No way, it's not like this is an academy examination... how
about just a little more..."
That lightning struck yet again the moment I started to criticize,
on the verge of giving up.
"Imbecile! Look here, the two of you were thrown into the
underground jail and got your swords confiscated yesterday at
about eleven in the morning. And ownership rights get reset if
twenty-four hours pass from then, so you'll end up losing your
opportunity to use this full control art."
"Ah... th-that's right. By the way, what time is it right now...?"
116

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"Seven o'clock had already passed by long ago. There would be
nearly no time left if we assume the time you will take to recover
your sword would be two hours."
"......Un-Understood."
This time, I steeled my resolve and started scrutinizing the lines
of the commands seriously.
Luckily, the sacred arts of the Underworld were written in the
familiar language of English unlike the magic of Alfheim Online.
The syntax was close to that of programming languages as well, so
it was possible for me to remember it while understanding its
meaning.
The art ritual written down by Cardinal ①declares a reference to
the embedded data within the object (i.e. the memory of the
weapon) saved within the main memory; ②selects only the
required parts and modifies them; ③assigns them to the sword,
as it currently is, to amplify its offensive ability; it seems to be
composed from those three processes. As a technique, it was close
to the «image buffer overwriting experiment» I carried out on the
zephyria flowers during my novice trainee days, but the art ritual
was full of vocabulary not in the academy textbooks, so it would
probably be impossible to write it down without knowing all of
the commands like Cardinal.
I kept a part of my head thinking about a related topic even as I
engraved the ten line art ritual into my mind.
The Rath researchers who created the Underworld called the data
system that documented all of the objects in this world
«mnemonic visual». It was already an event from over two years
ago for me, but I roughly explained its structure to Asuna and
Sinon at Agil's store in Okachimachi, Taitoku-ku. My
understanding had grown though observation and experiments
since I had gotten thrown into this world.
117

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

The many existences in the Underworld were not polygon models
like currently existing VRMMOs. The memories of stones and
trees, dogs and cats, tools and buildings, and such were read in,
equalized, and stored into the main storage, the «Main
Visualizer», from the consciousness of the people who connect
to—no, live in the world. And when the need arises, those
memories are drawn out and passed on to the ones who dived in.
After all, making the zephyrias bloom in the north empire, where
they weren't supposed to, was through temporarily overwriting
the equalized buffer data of «unable to bloom» to an image of
«can be made to bloom».
Each and every object in this world is saved as memories.
If that was the case, it would be possible to do the opposite and
modify a memory into an object as well, wouldn't it? That would
make that scene I once saw, incomprehensible, otherwise.
Two years and two months ago, after gaining consciousness in the
forest south of Rulid, I arrived at the bank of the Ruhr river that
flowed through the forest. There, I had caught sight of a scene that
felt far too vivid. The back view of a boy with flaxen hair, a girl
with long, blonde hair, and a boy with short, black hair walking in
the setting sun.
That image vanished in mere seconds, but that was definitely not
an illusion. I can still vividly replay it, even now, when I close my
eyes: the sunset dyed red, the swaying light on the girl's hair, the
sound of footsteps upon the short grass. Back then, I must have
summoned those three children from my own memories. The
flaxen-haired boy was definitely Eugeo. The blonde-haired girl
was Alice. And the black-haired boy was—...
"It has been thirty minutes. How is it going?"
I interrupted the thought unfolding at a corner of my
consciousness at Cardinal's voice.
118

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Turning the parchment on the tabletop over, I tried to call to mind
the art ritual from its very beginning. I smoothly recalled all the
way to the final word despite not concentrating very hard and
answered, relieved.
"It's probably flawless."
"That's a pretty self-contradictory answer. What about you,
Eugeo?"
"Er... erm, it's probably flaw.... fine."
"Very well."
After nodding with a face like she was suppressing a cynical smile,
Cardinal added on.
"I'll say this first, but you must not use the full control art
recklessly, regardless of how powerful it may be. The swords will
lose quite a bit of their Lives with even a single use. Naturally,
losing because you were too stingy to use it is an even bigger nono. Use it when you judge that the time truly requires it. Be sure
to properly place it back into its scabbard to allow it to recover its
Life afterward."
"That... that sounds difficult..."
I murmured with a sigh, then flipped the parchment on the
tabletop back face-up. I scanned through the art ritual again to
double-check and noticed something.
"...Huh? This art ritual ends with the sentence, «enhance
armament», right?"
"What about it, you have something to say?"

119

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"N-No, that's not what I'm getting at. If I'm not wrong, the full
control art Integrity Knight Eldrie used when we fought him had
another art ritual following it... Erm, re, re-re..."
Eugeo sent a lifeboat out from the side as I hemmed and hawed.
"Release recollection... was that it? When he chanted that, the whip
became a real snake. That was really surprising, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, that's it. Cardinal, our full control arts don't need that?"
"Fm..."
The sage dressed in black answered my doubts even while
making a face that seemed like she was going to say something
bothersome again.
"Look here, the armament full control art has two stages. Those
are «strengthening» and «releasing». Strengthening refers to
partially awakening the weapon's memories and manifesting a
new offensive ability. And releasing refers to... as the term
suggests, it awakens all of the weapon's memories, releasing its
rampaging power."
"Rampaging power, huh... I see. So Eldrie's «Frost Scale Whip» can
extend its range and split when strengthened, and when released
it transforms into a snake, attacking enemies automatically, huh..."
Confirming my words with a single blink, Cardinal bluntly spoke.
"That is indeed the case. However, I'll say this first, the two of you
are still far from being able to use the release art."
"Why... why is that?"
The sage turned to Eugeo, blinking his eyes in surprise, then
continued in a stern tone.

120

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

"I said it was a rampaging power, did I not? The offensive ability
brought about by releasing its memories are certainly not within
the realm of control for a swordsman who has just recently learnt
the art ritual. All the more so if it is a sacred instrument of a high
priority... it would drag not just the enemies but yourself in as
well, and if you use it shoddily, it may even cost you your life."
"Un-Understood."
Eugeo ended up obediently nodding, demonstrating his honor
student aptitude from our academy times, so I couldn't help but to
incline my own head up and down. It appeared Cardinal sensed
my discontentment, however, as she added on with a sigh.
"A time when the two of you are able to use the release art will
eventually come... perhaps, or maybe it won't. The swords will
teach you everything. Well, only if you succeed in taking them
back, that is."
"Heeh..."
Cardinal appeared annoyed at my reply and sharply stabbed the
staff in her right hand onto the floor.
The two sheets of parchment in front of Eugeo and I rolled up
from their ends and shrank tight—by the time that thought came
to me, they had already turned into long and narrow baked
pastries.
"You must be hungry after using your head, eat."
"Eh...? We won't forget the art ritual we memorized if we eat it or
something like that...?"
"How could something so palatable possibly happen?"
"O-Oh, okay."

121

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

After exchanging looks with Eugeo, we picked up the baked
pastries. I figured it was one of those simple pastries I bought and
ate at Centoria's central marketplace, baked from wheat flour
with sugar sprinkled on, but it was baked from pie dough and
coated with white chocolate, a pastry that truly felt real-worldish. When I took a bite out of it, its crispy texture and rich
sweetness flooded my mouth, my tears almost flowing from the
excessive nostalgia.
Eugeo and I finished it in a trance, as though we were competing
with each other, and took a deep breath before lifting our heads
and meeting Cardinal's eyes which were watching over us with a
gentle gaze.
The young sage slowly nodded and spoke.
"Now... it's about time for us to say our farewells."
There was a heavy weight within those short words; I instantly
shook my head.
"When we achieve our goals, you'll be able to get out of here,
right? Calling it a farewell is just exaggerating..."
"Fm, I suppose that's true. If everything goes as planned, that is..."
"......"
True, if we were defeated by the integrity knights in the midst of
battle on the way to the top floor of the cathedral, Cardinal would
once again be subjected to a test of her patience in this Great
Library Room. The load experimental phase would probably
arrive before she found another collaborator and the Human
World would sink into seas of blood and flames.
But for one who implied such a tragic end, Cardinal's smile was
soothingly clear and a sensation that gripped my chest tight
122

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

assailed me. The sage gave me, firmly chewing on my lips, a nearly
imperceptible nod and softly turned away.
"Come, there is no time. Follow me... I will dispatch you from the
door closest to the equipment vault on the third floor of the
cathedral."
The passage from the central hall of the Great Library Room's first
floor to the entrance room, connected to countless backdoors,
was sorely far too short.
I did nothing but stare at Cardinal's small back as she walked
right in front of me, with Eugeo mouthing the art ritual for the full
control art at my side.
I wanted to talk to her more. And I wanted to know more about
what she felt and thought in that period of time that exceeded two
hundred years. I couldn't but desire to do so; that emotion filled
even my throat, however Cardinal's pace was resolute, not
forgiving even the slightest hesitation, and I could do nothing
other than walk in silence.
Having guided us to the familiar, large room with many passages
lined up on its three walls, Cardinal proceeded towards a single
passage, stretching out from the right wall, in the same manner.
She walked for another ten meters or so and right before reaching
a single simple door at the end, built into the wall, she finally
stood still and turned around towards us.
The smile on those lips, colored like cherry blossoms, was as
gentle as it always was. Her mouth, that seemed to even display a
sort of satisfaction, moved and a clear voice streamed out.
"Eugeo... and you, Kirito. The fate of the world is entrusted to the
two of you as of now. Whether it gets covered in hell fire... or sinks
into absolute nothingness, or perhaps..."
123

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 7 – The Two Supervisors

Looking straight into my eyes, she voiced out the continuation.
"—You discover a third path. I have already imparted all I can,
given all I could. You simply have to head down the path you
believe in."
"...Thank you very much, Cardinal-san. We will definitely reach
the top of the cathedral... and return Alice to what she was."
Eugeo unequivocally spoke in a voice infused with determination.
I figured I ought to say something as well, but couldn't find the
words. Instead, I took a single deep bow.
After a nod, Cardinal wiped her smile off and held onto the
doorknob with her left hand extended.
"Now then... go!"
The doorknob turned and the door was thrown wide open in the
next instant. Resisting the dry, cold wind that immediately blew in
vigorously, Eugeo and I leapt out at once.
After walking for five, six steps like that, another small noise came
from behind. When I looked over my shoulder, there was only a
glossy marble wall coldly obstructing the way; the door connected
to the Great Library Room had vanished without leaving behind
the slightest trace.

124

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Chapter 8
Central Cathedral
5th Month of Human World Calendar 380
Part 1
What a great distance I have traveled—
A lofty ceiling, uniform marble pillars, and the floor, an exquisite
stone mosaic that used a variety of rock types.
Even as he had his breath taken away upon beholding the
splendor of the Axiom Church Central Cathedral's interior for the
first time, Eugeo couldn't help but to think so.
Until slightly more than two years ago, he believed that his life
was to continue hacking away in vain at an unfellable tree with
his axe. To pass his days immersed in memories of his blonde
childhood friend, lost long ago, without getting married or having
children, before turning his sacred task over to the next
woodcutter after years had passed, living deep within the forest
like that, and having his Life expire someday without anyone
noticing.
However, the black-haired youth who had suddenly appeared one
day forcibly broke through the small world that confined Eugeo.
He even managed to hack down that absolute barrier sealing the
path towards the capital, the Gigas Cedar, with a method that
generations of woodcutter could never have imagined, causing
Eugeo to approach a crucial juncture. To continue living in the
small village while holding onto his memories of Alice. Or to set
out on a journey to recover Alice—
It would be a lie to say that he hadn't faltered. Eugeo’s first
thought was of his family the moment Gasupht, the village chief,
125

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

said that he could choose his next sacred task on that village
festival night.
Until then, Eugeo had always turned over all of the wages he had
earned from chopping the Gigas Cedar to his family. Their
occupation for generations had been growing wheat, but their
fields were confined, especially in recent years where revenue
was scarce due to the succession of poor harvests. His parents
and elder brothers might not mention it outright, but they were
likely partially counting on the stable income Eugeo earned each
month.
The earnings as a woodcutter would naturally be gone with the
felling of the Gigas Cedar. However, he could probably receive
preferential treatment in gaining an area well-exposed to the sun
in the newly cleared, cultivated land in the south if he chose to
grow wheat like his father and the rest of his family as his sacred
task. Upon spotting the faces of his family from the stage, mixed
with anticipation and anxiety, at a corner of the cheerful villagers
making merry, Eugeo was at a loss.
He was, but only for a brief moment. Eugeo forcibly tipped the
scale balancing a reunion with the girl from his childhood and a
life with his family, and he made a declaration. That he would
leave the village and become a swordsman.
Even if he were to choose being a swordsman as his sacred task,
he could still receive a salary from the village if he had stayed in
Rulid and become one of the guards. However, leaving the village
was, ultimately, to stand on his own two feet, away from his
family's side. The money Eugeo brought to his family and the new
fields they could have received were all nullified. The reason he
had left in such a hurry, on the day after the festival, was because
he could not bear to see his parents and elder brothers' faces,
suppressing their disappointment and dissatisfaction.

126

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

There were chances where he could have chosen to start a new
life with his family even after setting off with Kirito. Having
participated in the swordsmanship tournament held in the town
of Zakkaria, Eugeo won in the end, alongside Kirito, which had
earned him the right to enter the guard corps, and he did so.
Enduring the harsh training for half a year, they received letters
of recommendation to take the examination for the North
Centoria Imperial Sword Mastery Academy from their
commanding officer in the guard corps, but an invitation from the
commanding officer came with that. Their ranks would rise next
year if they remained with the guard corps, with the level of skill
the two had, and even becoming the commanding officer in the
future was no fantasy. How comfortable would his family's
lifestyle have gotten if he had gained a stable income in Zakkaria
and sent a portion of it back to their home by entrusting it to an
itinerant wagon?
However, Eugeo politely declined the commanding officer's
invitation and got him to write the letter of recommendation as
planned.
While en-route to the capital, his goal, and after enrolling in the
Sword Mastery Academy as well, Eugeo continued making
excuses in a corner of his mind the entire time. For example, if he
was chosen as the academy's representative swordsman, gaining
victory in the Four Empire Unity Tournament, and thus, inducted
as an honorable integrity knight, he could enable his parents and
family to live in unimaginable extravagance. Or if he made a
triumphal return to the village, clad in silver armor and straddling
a flying dragon alongside Alice, his parents would have more
pride in him than anyone else.
However, by drawing his sword against the elite swordsmen-intraining, Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek, two evenings past,
Eugeo had betrayed his family for the third time. At the very least,
he had discarded the considerably likely future of being invested
127

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

as a first class aristocrat if the circumstances had allowed it... no,
that was an understatement; he had discarded even his status as a
commoner and chosen instead the path of being a major criminal
who had violated a taboo.
Back then, Eugeo was conscious of those circumstances
somewhere in his mind, even when he was induced into motion
by a tremendous rage. If he were to cut Raios and Humbert at this
very moment, he would lose anything and everything. Eugeo drew
his sword while aware even of that. He did it to help Tiezé and
Ronye who appeared to be getting raped before his eyes; he did it
to continue in the justice he believed in; but that wasn't all to it.
He had desired to release that bloodthirst rampaging within his
heart; he had desired to erase Raios and Humbert without leaving
a single trace behind; he had certainly desired to take action on
those murky thoughts.
Really now, what a great distance I have traveled—
He had made a complete turn from one of the exclusive twelve
elite swordsmen-in-training in the academy, to stepping upon the
floor of the most sacred place in the world as a rebel, an enemy of
the Axiom Church.
Fleeing from the pursuit of the bow-using integrity knight, Eugeo
was informed of the existence of a book that recorded down all
history of the Human World from a young girl who was supposed
to be the previous highest minister of the Axiom Church in the
mysterious Great Library Room he had entered, and proceeded to
read it as though he was devouring it. Because he needed to know,
no matter what. Whether there were any humans who had
pointed a blade towards the church, fought with integrity knights,
and escaped far away somewhere after accomplishing their
wishes, in the long history.
Unfortunately, he couldn't find a single episode of such a person.
The influence of the church spread far and wide, covering the
128

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

world, and all of the masses would prostrate themselves before
the authority of the integrity knights; no matter how serious the
quarrel was—it would be easily overcome, even if it was a dispute
over imperial borders between fellow empires. There wasn't even
a single record of anyone who had drawn a sword in an attack
against the church and fought against the integrity knights in the
massive history book, no matter how hard he had examined it.
...In other words, I am the worst sinner over the three hundred
and eighty years since the Human World was created by the
goddess of creation, Stacia.
The moment Eugeo thought so while closing the back cover of the
book, an icy chill assailed him. If Kirito hadn't come back with
such perfect timing and called out to him, he would have probably
have continued to quail as he cowered there.
Eugeo had to convince himself countless times, even as he
listened to a tale from the mysterious previous highest minister
with his partner. He could no longer return to his previous way of
life after choosing to abandon his family, slash another man, and
fight against the church. He had no path aside from moving
forward, no matter how much blood may stain his hands, no
matter how many sins may besmirch his soul. For the sake of that
one purpose that he had left.
To recover the «heart fragment» stolen by the current highest
minister, turn Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty back into
Alice Schuberg, and send her to the dearly-missed Rulid Village.
However, his wish to live together with the girl could no longer be
granted. The one and only place he thought he could go now, with
the many crimes he had committed, was beyond the mountain
range at the edge, into the dreadful land of darkness. But that was
fine too. There was nothing more to hope for, if Alice could live
happily where she was born.
129

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

As Eugeo reflected upon his mute determination, he stared at
Kirito's back, moving ahead of him.
...If I said I will go to the land of darkness, would he come with
me...?
Upon asking that question silently, Eugeo forced himself to stop
imagining his partner's reply. Thinking about how his path
forward might, in the near future, part from his black-haired
staunch friend, the only other person in this world standing in the
same position right now, was unbelievably terrifying.
As Cardinal mentioned, the corridor that extended straight from
the door was unexpectedly short.
He walked quickly, while sunk in thought for a mere instant; it
didn't take him long before reaching the spacious, rectangular
room.
The central portion of the right wall had staircases, surprisingly
wide and respectively rising up and descending down. The
ceiling's height extended over eight mel, thus, it seemed there
were over twenty steps until reaching the landing at the halfway
point of the staircase.
And set in the left wall were grand double doors, surrounded by
sculptures of winged beasts.
Kirito walking in front quickly turned his right palm this way and
hugged against the wall, so Eugeo followed suit and pressed his
back against a stone pillar within reach. Holding his breath, he
scanned through the gloomy, spacious room.
If the previous highest minister's words prove right, the grand
doors on the left ought to be the equipment vault they were
looking for. Despite being such an important place, the spacious
room was silent as the grave, lacking the presence of any others.
130

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Even the light from Solus that shone in from the large staircase to
the right appeared stained in an icy gray hue.
"...There's no one around, huh..."
Upon softly whispering towards Kirito's back, his partner nodded,
slightly disappointedly as well.
"It's an equipment store, so I figured there would be a guard or
two, but... I guess maybe it's because the Axiom Church wouldn't
have anyone entering to steal in the first place..."
"But they know about our intrusion already, right? They're rather
calm despite that."
"They really do have reason to be. They have no need to spend
their time searching around for people like us. In other words, the
next time we meet integrity knights, there will either be a
considerably large number of them or considerably strong ones.
C'mon, let's make use of this time extension as much as we can."
Ending his words with a hmph, in a snort, Kirito agilely ran out
from the cover of the wall. Eugeo followed after that, crossing the
deserted, spacious hall.
The doors to the equipment vault had embossed carvings of the
two goddesses, Solus and Terarria, and no keyholes, but they
possessed such intensity that it made him think that unbelievers
might not be able to open them, no matter how hard they pulled
or pushed. However, after Kirito put his ear against the door for a
bit, then placed his hands upon the handles, putting some force
into them, the doors opened so easily that it was practically a letdown. The hinges didn't even let out a single creak.
A dense, cold air, like several hundred years worth of stillness,
swirled out from the black gap of around fifty cen that opened up
and made Eugeo shiver, but his partner slipped himself through
without hesitation, so he hurriedly followed behind. When the
131

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

solemn doors closed behind, their surroundings were engulfed in
complete darkness.
"System call..."
The art ritual that instinctively left his mouth overlapped
perfectly with Kirito's voice, so he ended up smiling despite the
situation. While continuing with generate luminous element,
Eugeo recalled the time he went with Kirito to the north cave to
search for Selka. It was hard enough using the basics of the basics
among the sacred arts back then and he couldn't do much more
than making a stick held in his hand light up faintly at its tip—
The pure white luminous element brought forth atop his right
palm pushed aside the dense darkness, incidentally brushing
away Eugeo's nostalgic mood.
"Uo..."
As Kirito let out an astonished voice at his side, a gulp
simultaneously came from Eugeo's throat.
What space. It was labeled a vault, so he imagined a place like the
Sword Mastery Academy's tool storehouse, but this was
ridiculous. It had practically as much area as the large practice
arena where Kirito and Uolo Levanteinn had held their match.
Radiance of each and every hue filled the space, reflected
illumination from the luminous element that shot from Eugeo's
palm, with the surrounding smooth stone walls on all four sides.
Systematically lined along the floor were suits of armor, placed
upon supports modelled after humans. In addition to having
pitch-black ones, pure-white ones, and those in dazzling hues of
coppery reds, silvery blues, and golden yellows, they also
included each and every sort of armor, from light armor
constructed from thin chains and leather to heavy armor, large
132

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

metal plates joined together without any gaps. They numbered no
less than five hundred.
And on the tall walls hung, yet again, practically every kind of
weapon in existence, closely packed together.
Even among the swords alone, there were long ones, short ones,
with a wide range of thick, thin, straight, and curved ones also. In
addition, there was a great variety of combat equipment, from
single-edged and double-edged axes, to lances and long spears,
warhammers, whips, and maces, to bows stretched from the floor
to nearly the ceiling, their numbers practically uncountable, and
Eugeo could do naught but leave his mouth agape.
"...Sortiliena-senpai might get overwhelmed and faint if she came
here, huh."
Kirito finally broke the silence with a whisper several seconds
later.
"Yeah... The same goes for Gorgolosso-senpai, he'd throw himself
at that large sword and never let go of it if he saw it."
Sighing as he murmured a reply, Eugeo then forcefully expelled
the breath choked in his throat. Scanning through the vast
equipment vault once more, he shook his head two or three times.
"How do I say this... is the church thinking about eventually
starting its own army or something? The integrity knights alone
should already be enough, though..."
"Hmm... to fight with the army of darkness...? No, that's not it..."
Kirito's expression suddenly stiffened and continued with a
glance at Eugeo.
"It's the reverse. It's not to make an army... but to make it
impossible to create one; that's why the church has been
133

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

gathering equipment here. The equipment here is probably all
powerful, at sacred instrument class or somewhere around there.
The highest minister, Administrator, didn't need some
organization aside from the Axiom Church from getting their
hands on strong equipment and obtaining excess battle
potential..."
"Eh...? What's that supposed to mean? There can't possibly be an
organization that'll turn on the Axiom Church, no matter what
kind of strong equipment they hold, can there?"
"In other words, the one with the least faith in the church's
authority might just be the venerable highest minister herself."
Eugeo could not immediately grasp the meaning of Kirito's
sarcastic words. However, his partner patted him on his back
before he could ponder on them.
"Come on, time's running out. Let's hurry up and get our swords
back."
"Ah... y-yeah. But it'll be a daunting task to look for them from all
these..."
The Blue Rose Sword and the black sword were sheathed in their
respective sheaths of discreet white and black leather, but many
similar swords could be spotted on the walls.
"...Even if we try to use the umbra element searching art again, the
sacred power in the area should have been used up by the
luminous elements earlier..."
It was in that moment, when Eugeo let out a sigh while thinking 'if
that was the case, we should have just used a single light', that
Kirito unhesitatingly spoke.
"Oh, found them."
134

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Lifting his right hand, he pointed to the immediate left of the
doors they had entered.
"Woah... to think they're in a place like this."
The white and black swords at the spot Kirito pointed towards
were certainly the pair's beloved swords, beyond any room for
doubt. Eugeo gazed at his partner's profile in mute amazement.
"Kirito, how did you do that without even using any sacred
arts...?"
"I just figured that the newest swords brought in might be placed
closest to the door."
Despite how Kirito, who revealing his reasoning, would normally
childishly show a proud smile at such times, he was now for some
reason staring solemnly at his own black sword. But he then
immediately exhaled, approached the wall, and gripped the black
leather sheath after reaching for it with his right hand.
He froze for a fleeting instant, as if hesitating, but lifted it off the
metal supports before long. Following that, he took the Blue Rose
Sword at its side with his left hand and tossed it. Eugeo caught it
in a panic and the familiar weight made itself known to his wrist.
Despite spending less than a few days away from his beloved
sword, a powerful sense of nostalgia and relief that surprised
even Eugeo himself flooded through him and he tightly grasped
the sheath with both hands.
The Blue Rose Sword was always close to him and had helped him
out countless times ever since the Gigas Cedar was felled back
home. It was there when he had entered the swordsmanship
tournament in the town of Zakkaria; it was there when he had
challenged the entrance examinations for the Sword Mastery
Academy; it was even there when he had disobeyed the Taboo
Index and amputated Humbert's arm.
135

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

If the Axiom Church had always been gathering all kinds of
powerful equipment over the many years, them overlooking this
Blue Rose Sword, laying dormant in the north cave, was truly
good fortune—or perhaps fate. Evidence that following the path
of taking Alice back was definitely not a mistake...
"Stop getting all overwhelmed already, hurry up and wear it."
Abruptly regaining his senses at Kirito's voice, mingled with
laughter, he saw that his partner had already attached his beloved
sword's sheath onto the clasp of his sword belt. Eugeo followed
suit while showing an embarrassed smile, ending with a pat on its
pommel and looked around as he pondered on their next step.
The elite-looking armor lined up on the ground had engraved
nameplates hung on them, with names such as [Senrai Armor] or
[Shinzan Kacchu], inciting quite an interest from him.
"...What should we do, Kirito? We'll probably be able to find one
that suits us with this many around, do you want to borrow some
armor too?"
"Naah, we haven't worn armor before, right? It's best not to do
what you’re not used to. Let's just take those clothes over there."
Looking towards the place his partner pointed and true enough,
he saw clothes in a variety of colors arranged at a section within
the ranks of the armor. Looking down at his own body, he found
spots torn and frayed on the academy uniform he had worn from
two days ago due to the fight and subsequent retreat from Knight
Eldrie.
"True, they'll likely become indistinguishable from rags sooner or
later at the rate we're going."
The two luminous elements drifting overhead were gradually
losing their radiance too. Casting away his lingering regrets over
the armor, he ran over to the clothes section and haphazardly dug
136

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

through the fabric that seemed to be of high quality, looking for a
coat and trousers that matched his frame. Turning their backs to
each other, they quickly changed.
Putting his hand through the sleeve of ultramarine clothes
extremely similar to his academy uniform, Eugeo was shocked by
the texture's smoothness. When he turned back after changing, he
saw Kirito had the same thought, stroking the black fabric with
both hands.
"...These clothes definitely have their own little bit of stories to
tell. It would be nice if they could stop the integrity knights'
attacks somewhat, though."
"Now that's hoping for too much."
After laughing a little at his frivolous partner's words, Eugeo’s
expression tautened.
"Now then... shall we get going?"
"Yeah... I guess so."
Trading short remarks, they returned to the entrance.
Things had gone so smoothly thus far that it could be considered
disappointing, but it would hardly remain that way. Let's proceed
with our guards up—their deep, mutual nods silently included the
recognition of that fact; Eugeo grasped the right handle of the
doors and Kirito, the left.
Gently pulling them open together, the gap gingerly widened—
Do-ka-ka-ka! That noise came almost concurrently from the
countless steel arrows that pierced through the surface of the
thick doors.

137

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

138

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Uwah!"
"Owah!?"
The doors were hurled open with the weight of the impact; Eugeo
and Kirito fell onto the ground, their rear-ends first.
A familiar knight in red armor stood on the grand staircase's
landing, far away on the opposite side of the rectangular room
stretching out from the opening, starting to nock fresh arrows
onto a long bow of nearly the same height. Furthermore, that was
with four at the same time. There was no mistake that this was
the same integrity knight riding the flying dragon in the rose
garden.
The distance between us is roughly thirty mel, huh? Swords
definitely can't reach, but it's likely the perfect range for an expert
archer. And we probably won't have the time to draw the swords
at our waists from this unsightly fallen posture, let alone getting
up and taking cover at the walls.
That was why I said we should wear the armor! It would have
been even better if we had a shield!
Eugeo screamed thusly in his heart as the knight began drawing
the longbow's string almost simultaneously.
With things as they are, I have no choice but to give up on evading
without getting hurt and use all I have to avoid a fatal wound—no,
a severe wound that'll render me immobile at the very least.
Eugeo opened his eyes wide and stared at the four nocked arrows.
The dull silver-colored arrows were aimed not at their hearts, but
their legs. It was as Cardinal mentioned, the order passed down to
the knights was likely not to take them out, but to capture them.
But in the current circumstances, getting captured was essentially
the same as getting murdered.
139

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The integrity knight drew the strained bowstring to its limit.
A moment of stillness arrived, where all motion seemed to
cease—
Kirito's tense voice pierced through that opening.
"Burst element!"
Eugeo could not instantly catch what his partner said as it was too
fast. He understood its significance only after the phenomenon
occurred.
A brilliant whiteness suddenly radiated across his vision.
An intense light, as if Solus had descended. It was a simple art that
merely set free a luminous element, one of the «elements» that
served as the foundation of elemental sacred arts, but Kirito
hadn't recited the art ritual for generating elements. Just where
did—...
No, there was an element. There were luminous elements, drifting
in midair, called out by both of them to illuminate the equipment
vault tens of minutes ago, weren't there? The neglected elements
were on standby for any sequential art rituals. Kirito gave the
order for the element floating over his head to be set free and
produced that immense light.
—There was him throwing that glass fragment he had picked up
during the fight with Eldrie too; I'm totally no match for him at
fighting by making use of items lying around as always...
While thinking about such things, Eugeo gathered strength into
his legs within the pure white light and jumped to the right with
all his might.
He immediately heard the screeching noise of steel arrows
digging into the stone floor, coming from where he had been until
140

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

half a second ago. It would be best to take cover by the walls first,
having averted a direct hit—or so he thought, when Kirito's low
shout reached his ears.
"Forward!"
Understanding his partner's aim in an instant, Eugeo kicked off
the ground once again. Not slanting off towards the right, but
straight forward.
The luminous element's explosion was from overhead, behind the
pair, which meant Kirito and Eugeo did not face the light source
directly, but the integrity knight's eyes should have taken the light
head-on. There was no doubt his eyesight would remain robbed
for several more seconds.
The luminous element's direct offensive ability was low when
compared to thermal and cryogenic elements, and mostly used in
healing arts instead, but if one were to make a weapon emanate
light strongly, it possessed the promising abilities of blinding eyes
and inspiring awe. Hence, it was wise to prepare an element of the
opposing type, the umbra element, for the sake of neutralizing art
rituals when the opponent generates a luminous element during
battle; this was taught even in the academy's lessons.
There was no way an integrity knight, standing at the apex of all
swordsmen and art users, would not have heard of such common
knowledge, which meant calling a new luminous element out and
blinding him would not work for a second time. This was the first
and last opportunity to narrow the distance from the enemy
archer.
Speedy analysis of the situation and selection of actions were also
an essential point of the Aincrad-style, or so Kirito told Eugeo
countless times. It was a way of thinking utterly different from the
High Norkia-style that emphasizes refinement and gallantry in
movements. And the charm to calm one's mind down for putting
141

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

that point into practice, even in the midst of battle, was «stay
cool».
A step behind his partner following the usage of the luminous
element, Eugeo frantically chased after the footsteps in front. He
drew the Blue Rose Sword from the left of his waist as he ran.
Having served its purpose, the luminous element vanished
immediately after, and the world regained its color and form. The
pair had already run into the spacious hall from the equipment
vault. Affirming with both eyes wide open, that the integrity
knight could be seen standing around twenty steps up the
staircase ahead.
As predicted, it appeared that the knight's vision was still
impaired. His body tottered with his right hand on the face guard
of that bronze-colored helmet.
It was a true stroke of luck that unlike Eldrie, the integrity knight
in front of them did not wear a sword on his waist. He had an
astonishing amount of self confidence, bringing nothing more
than a single longbow when picking a fight indoors. He must have
been convinced that he could shoot through the pair's legs before
they could approach.
Eugeo's mind was calm, but still, he could not suppress that tiny
flame of anger, languidly swaying in a corner of his consciousness.
—Integrity knight, you're the same as Raios and Humbert. You are
haughty, arrogant, and you believe yourself to always be in the
right. You are convinced that you, justice incarnate, have
absolutely no chance of losing.
—But that is your own vanity. Just wait, I will... prove that to you
this instant!!

142

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Pushed on by a rather foreign emotion, Eugeo charged onto the
grand staircase. It was after traversing the first two steps, just as
his right foot reached for the third.
The knight, standing on the landing slightly more than ten steps
ahead, removed his right hand from the face guard, turned it
around towards his back, and drew out steel arrows from a
quiver. Every remaining one, all at the same time.
The packed bunch of arrows that his right hand nimbly brought
back numbered at least thirty no matter how one looked at it.
Without even granting enough time to question what he had in
plan, the knight nocked the entire bunch of arrows onto the string
of the longbow held horizontal with his left hand.
"Wha..."
Stopping with his foot on the third step of the grand staircase,
Eugeo gulped. There ought to be no way that single slender
bowstring would be able to fire thirty arrows together at once.
A metallic, creaking noise reached his ears. Something cold ran
down his spine upon noticing that it was the steel arrows
screaming as they endured a tremendous grip.
It appeared Kirito, who had stopped on the right, had deduced the
knight's intentions as well. It could be a bluff made in desperation,
or—
An increasingly violent squealing swept out; the longbow was
drawn back heavily.
"—Jump back to the left!"
Kirito shrieked.
Binn! The air reverberated, followed immediately with a snapping
sound as the bowstring broke under the pressure.
143

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

But every single one of the thirty steel arrows were fired out into
a radial pattern, cascading down onto the pair as a lethal, silver
storm.
Eugeo kicked off the stairs with such force that he thought his
right foot broken, pitching his body towards the left. He laid the
Blue Rose Sword across the center of his body, protecting it.
The pair surely would have been riddled with holes if the knight
had not had an issue with his eyesight.
One arrow struck the Blue Rose Sword and was repelled with a
shrill noise. One weaved through the right cuff of Eugeo's
trousers, one made a shallow cut at his left flank, and one grazed
his left cheek, shearing off several strands of hair.
Loudly crashing onto the ground, shoulder first, fear made Eugeo
grit his teeth as he looked down along his own body. After
confirming the lack of severe wounds, he turned his face towards
Kirito who had jumped towards the right.
"Kirito! You alright?!"
His black-haired partner lightly nodded with an expression that
went rigid as expected upon his hoarse shout.
"So... somehow. Looks like it went through the gap in between my
toes."
He saw an arrow stuck in through the tip of Kirito's left shoe,
piercing through the sole, when he took a look. While giving
thanks to his partner's reaction speed and good luck, Eugeo took a
deep breath of air.
"...That was dangerous..."
He murmured as he urged his numbed body to stand.

144

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

When he looked up at the landing, the integrity knight had truly
ceased motion this time round. The quiver on his back was empty
and the longbow's string, too, was broken and dangling loosely.
This was truly what running out of options meant, with his bow
broken and arrows spent. But the opponent was an integrity
knight, so it would be unacceptable to let down one's guard, not to
mention this was no situation for pity.
"...Let's go."
His partner gave a subdued call and Eugeo set his right foot onto
the stairs once again.
But Kirito instructed Eugeo, with his left hand still gripping onto
the arrow extracted from his shoe.
"Wait... that knight's reciting an..."
"Eh."
Eugeo pricked up his ears in a fluster. So long as they weren't at a
distance where they could slash the enemy with a single bound, it
was imperative to generate the opposing element when he starts
to recite a sacred art. He focused on the voice, warped in a
metallic manner, uttered from under the integrity knight's helmet.
He chanted rather fast, but he caught it somehow, perhaps
because he was made to study in that library room.
However, each and every phrase in that ritual was new to his ears.
He couldn't adopt a countermeasure without the phrase that
included «generate», that determined the type of element.
"Crap, that's..."
In that moment, Kirito's voice came out in a gasp.
"This isn't an elemental attack. It's the «armament full control
art»."
145

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Before those strained words could end, the integrity knight
shouted the final phrase lucidly.
"—Enhance armament!"
With a 'po' sound, orange flames were born at the bowstring's
two torn and dangling ends. The flames consumed the bowstring
in the blink of an eye and then something occurred the moment
they reached the two tips of the longbow.
A deep crimson blaze swirled up from the entire copper bow.
A fervor that seemed enough to scorch one's skin extended to the
bottom of the stairs and Eugeo instinctively shielded his face. The
integrity knight standing at the landing draped the flames surging
out from the bow around his whole body, looking as though he
was set ablaze.
Eugeo was at a loss on what action to take, with the utterly
unforeseen development. Should he conclude that the knight had
no offensive ability even after using the full control art, since
those arrows were already spent, and rush in? Or perhaps the
knight spent all the arrows on the attack just a moment ago
because they were no longer necessary in the full control state?
Wondering which his partner saw it as, he took a fleeting glance
at the side and saw Kirito staring in wonder, with even a faint
smile upon his lips just like a child, neither drawing back nor
charging in.
"Now this is amazing... I wonder what the origin of that bow is."
"This isn't any time to admire it."
He felt like knocking against Kirito's shoulder out of habit, but he
held it back and looked up at the knight once more. They could
use the full control art they had recently learned as well, to deal
with the opponent's art ritual, but there was no doubt the other
146

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

side would not permit that. It was certain they would be attacked
before they could finish reciting the lengthy art ritual. If they were
inclined to use it, they couldn't possible complete it in time unless
they had started chanting with the opponent.
With things this far developed, there was naught but to adapt to
the opponent's moves; Eugeo resolved himself for the worst, but
it appeared the integrity knight intended for a respite for the time
being as well, raising his helmet's visor with his right hand while
the blazing bow remained in his left.
His face wasn't visible, sunk deep within the shadows cast by the
flames, but Eugeo discerned an intense gleam in his eyes that
actually reminded him of steel arrows. The voice that followed,
too, carried a mechanical reverberation that made it seem unlike
a human's.
"—It has truly been two years since I basked in the flames of the
«Conflagrant Flame Bow» in this manner. I see, it does appear that
you possess enough ability to exchange blows with Knight Eldrie
Synthesis Thirty-one, criminals. However, that makes it more
unforgivable. To not engage in a fair and proper battle between
knights, but to deceive Thirty-one through those repulsive
darkness arts!"
"Dar... darkness arts, you say?"
Kirito spoke from the side, as though he was taken aback. Eugeo
lost his breath for a moment too, then vehemently shook his head
as he shouted.
"Th... that's not it, we haven't used darkness arts or anything like
that! We were merely talking about Eldrie-san before he became
an integrity knight and..."
"What, before he became an integrity knight!? We integrity
knights do not have a past of our own! We have always been
147

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

glorious integrity knights from the moment we were summoned
from the Celestial World!!"
The steel-like, enraged words made the grand staircase tremble
and snatched Eugeo's breath away.
According to the girl, Cardinal, all of the integrity knights have
had their memories sealed away before becoming one. In other
words, this red knight before his eyes, too, simply believed
thoroughly that «he was summoned from the Celestial World».
It seemed possible to stir integrity knights into unrest if their
original memories, blocked by that object called a «piety module»,
were stimulated, but that was impossible when he weren't even
aware of the opponent's name. In short, he couldn't be
immobilized with the same method used in Eldrie's case.
The knight let out a thunderous voice with heightened severity in
the midst of the endless sparks scattered by the longbow.
"I will not reduce the two to you to cinders as I was ordered to
capture you alive, but prepare yourself to have an arm burnt away
with the Conflagrant Flame Bow now released as you can see! Try
all you wish, to see if those shoddy swords are capable of slipping
through these flames of conviction and reaching me!!"
The knight placed his right hand approximately where the bow,
raised high, would originally have held its string. Before even
allowing the time to ponder what the gesture his fingertip
adopted, like gripping onto something, meant—
Intense flames surged out in front of the bow and transformed
into a single arrow in an instant. Eugeo's back went rigid upon
vividly sensing an absurd amount of power contained within that
flame arrow brilliantly gleaming.
"Guess neither breaking the bowstring nor running out of arrows
mattered."
148

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito voiced with a dull groan at his side, so he gathered strength
into his jaw that seemed like it was about to tremble and quickly
answered.
"Any plans?"
"He can't shoot multiple times in a row, that's my hunch. I'll stop
his first attack somehow, so you go in for the kill."
"Hunch, hey..."
—In other words, that meant everything was over if that flame
arrow could be shot consecutively. However, even if it was a
single shot, that was evidence enough to prove that it possessed
enough might to kill in one attack. wasn't it? Doubts over how
Kirito would defend against an attack like that burgeoned, but
Eugeo shrugged them off and nodded.
"—Got it."
Kirito would probably stop it if he said he could. This was far
more realistic when compared to the absurdity of him chopping
down the Gigas Cedar when he said he would.
Perhaps interpreting the pair, returning to a stance with their
respective sword at the ready, as resolving themselves for the
worst, the integrity knight started to draw the invisible string
with an air of composure.
The heat caressing Eugeo's cheeks strengthened further. The
flames emitted from the longbow, apparently named Conflagrant
Flame Bow, had already reached the landing's ceiling and were
scorching the marble black.
Kirito moved without warning.

149

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

With neither a war cry, nor a strong kick off the ground, he
charged forth like a leaf from a tree swept away by rapid currents.
A split second late, Eugeo followed behind in agitation.
Only a faint, blue light shone through his partner's loosely gripped
fist as he ran up the steps, but Eugeo still noticed. He had
probably generated them in secret while the knight delivered his
speech, and he had no doubt that was the radiance emitted by
cryogenic elements.
The knight finally drew the longbow to its limit when they
approached the halfway point of the twenty-steps staircase.
An art ritual rapidly gushed out from Kirito's mouth at the same
time.
"Form element, shield shape! Discharge!"
The number of elements that lined up and shot forward from his
left fist, sharply thrust out, was the maximum simultaneous limit
for a single hand, five. The blue points of light successively
transformed into large, round shields, starting with the foremost,
and creating a thick obstruction between Kirito and the integrity
knight.
A ferocious voice roared out from the knight's mouth for the third
time when he saw that.
"Don't make me laugh!—Pierce through them!!"
The accumulated conflagration, that flame arrow—no, it would be
more accurate to call it a spear by now, fired with a jolt, its howl
bringing to mind a fire dragon's breath.
The flame spear came into contact with the ice shield Kirito had
created after an instant of flight.

150

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The first shield dispersed in a transient moment, its fragments
immediately turning into vapor as well.
The second and third, too, were penetrated before the noise of
shattering reached his ears.
The fourth shield had its core, where the arrow struck, deeply
bent inwards, but as expected, it wasn't enough and dispersed.
Looking through the final shield remaining, the flame spear that
drew close to his eyes and nose colored his vision bright red.
But still, Eugeo did not slacken his pace and continued dashing up
the stairs. He couldn't leave his partner, right before his eyes,
charging forward savagely alone.
Eugeo gritted his teeth and caught sight of the flame spear that
collided with the fifth shield in front, finally losing some of its
impetus, regardless of how little that reduction was. Sparks were
violently thrown into the air when it was unable to break through
the barrier originating from its counter elemental attribute.
"——!?"
Eugeo's eyes flashed wide open in that moment. It appeared like
the blazing spear beyond the semi-transparent ice wall changed
its form for an instant. The form, with a beak wide open and
wings spread out, was practically the same as a bird of prey...
But without giving Eugeo even the chance to blink, countless
cracks surfaced on the final shield and it smashed into pieces.
A heatwave that denied him from even breathing then descended.
The flame spear, no, flaming bird that had penetrated through
every barrier made a savage assault as though to consume Kirito
within its flames as well.
"Uooooh!!"
151

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

That was when a spirited yell finally surged out from Kirito's
mouth. He sharply thrust the black sword held in his right hand
forward.
He's not going to try slashing that giant bird, is he, Eugeo
wondered. However.
The sword Kirito extended straight forward traced an
inconceivable arc. It spun like a windmill, moving lightning-fast
with those five shining fingers acting as the fulcrum.
But that speed was extraordinary. It was unknown how exactly
those fingers moved, the blade rotated with more momentum
than the eyes could follow, as if a semi-transparent black shield
had made its appearance there.
The flaming bird's head made contact with the sixth shield.
Dowaa!! That thunderous noise might have been the giant bird's
enraged howl—
The lethal blaze that had smashed through five ice walls was
shredded into over a thousand scraps by the rotating blade,
scattering it away in a radial manner. But a few among those
enveloped Kirito's body, causing small explosions one after
another.
Watching his partner's body whisked into the air as though it was
repelled, Eugeo screamed.
"Kirito—!!"
Even while he was swallowed by the endless sparks, Kirito
shouted back from the air.
"Don't stop, Eugeo!!"

152

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Shaking off his momentary indecision, Eugeo glared forward.
Kirito would never stop and let a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
escape in this situation. He had accomplished what he said he
would. So he would surely have to fulfil his side of the deal.
Passing his partner, as he fell down on the right, Eugeo leapt up
the remaining steps.
Cutting through the remains of the blaze that drifted in the air in a
single surge, the landing where the knight stood in the way was
practically right before him.

153

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

154

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

It must have been beyond the integrity knight's expectations as
well, for that attack, that took all of his might from the armament
full control art, to be repelled without inflicting any injury. His
actual face still couldn't be seen from this distance, but he sensed
a hint of surprise from within the helmet. There was no longer
enough time to draw the bow and fire another shot. As long as he
wasn't armed with a sword, by allowing him to close the
distance—
-It's your loss!
Eugeo brandished the Blue Rose Sword aloft while projecting that
silent cry.
"Don't underestimate me, rascal!!"
The knight bellowed as if he heard Eugeo's thoughts.
The shade of surprise vanished in an instant and an
overwhelming fighting spirit enveloped the copper-hued heavy
armor. The left arm that held the burning longbow was raised
high, overhead, and the terrible flames gathered in his fist once
more.
"Doaah!!"
Alongside a scream that rippled the burnt air, the knight's left fist
thrust out in a straight line.
—What now!?
He had already launched into a lunge, but that thought flashed
through the depths of his mind for an instant.
Normally thinking about it, both the range and power would be
higher on this side, when comparing the sword and the fist. But
the other side was standing in a favorable position. Would the
comparatively slender Blue Rose Sword be able to push back the
155

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

fist thrown from the integrity knight who was not only tall, but
had the advantage of being three steps above as well? Should he
avoid here and attack again after climbing up to the landing?
No—
Kirito, a knight of the Aincrad-style who was Eugeo's teacher
while being his close friend, had once mentioned this.
—In this world, what's important is to put something into your
sword.
—You have to be the one to find what to put into your sword.
It was the same for the one who mentored Eugeo, Gorgolossosenpai, the one who mentored Kirito, Sortiliena-senpai, and even
the haughty yet dishonorable nobles, Raios and Humbert; they
possessed something that endowed their swords with power. But
Eugeo personally felt he was still searching for one. His daily
training piled up more than anyone else and he understood
various secret moves, but he had yet to find something to imbue
into his own sword. It might even be something he might never
find for all of eternity, as one not born as a swordsman.
Still. At the very least, he could not succumb to this integrity
knight's vigor and draw his sword back this particular time. After
all, the time for him to devote single-mindedly to sword practice
was over. Eugeo had an unwavering objective now. To regain
Alice, turned into an integrity knight with her memories stolen.
——Alice.
Yes, that was all that mattered. He could do nothing but watch as
his childhood friend was taken away by a knight on that summer
day eight years ago; this time, he would save her for sure. His
proficiency in swordsmanship, his knowledge in sacred arts,
polishing all of that was for that purpose.
156

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

—Please, lend me your strength. I am still inexperienced and
might not be cut out to be the master of a renowned sword like
yourself... But I can't help but to go forward now!
While calling out within his heart, Eugeo firmly bent his entire
body after taking a stance with the Blue Rose Sword held
overhead.
A vivid blue light enveloped the faintly translucent blade. Aincradstyle secret move, «Vertical».
"O... oohh!"
Guided by a keen intent, the sword lunged forth. A tempestuous
thrum, unique to secret moves, reverberated from the blade as it
flashed through the air and clashed against the integrity knight's
conflagrant left fist.
The shock wave of the blue and red lights coalescing into one and
dispersing outwards in a circle, tore up the red carpet laid over
the stairs and the fabric hanging on the walls. The fist and sword
remained unmoving in midair, still joined together.
Creak, creak; the armored gauntlet and sword blade grated
against each other. Eugeo exerted all of his might in an attempt to
complete the secret move, but the knight's arm didn't make the
slightest movement, as though it were a rock. However, the
opponent didn't seem to have much surplus composure either. A
low groan escaped from inside the helmet as he shifted his entire
body weight into his fist.
It was a stalemate, but one that lasted for utter seconds. The
flames released from the Conflagrant Flame Bow still held in the
knight's fist started licking at the Blue Rose Sword as well. The
light of the secret move that covered the blade flickered as though
it could not endure the heat. If «Vertical» was interrupted here, it

157

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

was certain that the sword would be swept away in an instant and
he would suffer from the scorching-hot attack head-on.
"Gu... uh, oo....!"
Eugeo mustered all of his physical and mental strength in a bid to
swing the sword down. However, the flames continued to
intensify and the blade began to turn red-hot.
He hadn't paid attention to it until now, but the Blue Rose Sword
possessed an elemental attribute of ice according to the «sword's
memories» he saw in the Great Library Room. As such, it would be
weak against searing flames, its opposing element, and keeping
this situation up for too long was quite capable of exhausting its
Life to a dangerous degree.
But at the same time, it ought to be possible to negate the enemy's
flames with the sword's element.
—You were tempered by the coldest blizzard in the mountain
range at the edge since the creation of this world.
—Don't you dare lose to a sheer flame like this!
Perhaps responding to Eugeo's cry—
An abrupt chill came forth, stinging not only his right hand,
holding the grip, but the left hand that supported the pommel as
well. It surely was no hallucination. As proof, the miniature roses
carved upon its guard were being covered in a pure white frost.
The frost turned into thin tendrils, rapidly creeping up the blade,
and dispersing the licking flames.
The phenomenon did not end there. The pure white ice tendrils
stretched out onto even the knight's adjacent fist, showering frost
to dispel the flames wrapped around the copper-colored armor...
"Nuhh..."
158

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Perhaps due to the impossible chilly sensation, a groan escaped
from the knight. Not missing the instant his opponent's posture
faltered, regardless of how minor it was, Eugeo released the
power he had stored up.
Gyaan! A ear-splitting noise swelled out, the sword swung down
and repulsed the knight's left fist.
However, the sword tip did not touch the enemy's body,
unfortunately. The knight aimed at Eugeo, fruitlessly slashing the
sword straight down, and sent out his right fist without a
moment's delay. It wasn't blazing, but suffering the rock-like
impact of that strong fist would propel Eugeo away to the bottom
of the staircase without any difficulty.
But.
"I... eeaaah!"
Alongside that tempestuous yell, Eugeo's sword swung up from a
sharp angle.
Slashing back with the Blue Rose Sword, heavier than a lump of
steel of equivalent size, through physical strength alone, was
impossible regardless of how strong one was. There was only one
reason why it was made possible: it was a secret move from a
swordsmanship style. Aincrad-style two-hits skill, «Vertical Arc».
The blade that swiftly carved out a trail that resembled the sacred
letter, 'V', sliced through the integrity knight's breastplate
diagonally. A few deep crimson drops spattered from the gash
sliced into the copper-colored armor. The sword tip caught the
knight's flesh—but it was only shallow.
As the knight freed his upper body, he braced his legs and leapt
backwards. He would be granted the room to fire those flaming
attacks once again if the distance were widened here. However,
159

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

there was a brief, compulsory period of rigidness after the usage
of any secret move.
Kirito had told him to constantly think about how to eliminate
that gigantic pause caused from using a secret move. Of course, it
wasn't a problem if the slash hit, but there was the danger of
suffering from a fatal counterattack in the case where it was
warded off, dodged, or failed to stop the opponent's movements
like this time.
The rigidness caused by secret moves was unpreventable and
nothing could be done about it even if one was expecting it. He
could come up with methods to eliminate that delay, like
switching with an ally or releasing a pre-generated wind element
to create distance through wind pressure. But Kirito was blown
away to the hall and there wasn't enough time to recite an art
ritual either. That brought the remaining methods to one.
Eugeo mustered all of his physical and mental strength to control
the movement of the Blue Rose Sword while it was on the
trajectory of Vertical Arc's second stroke. He held the blade, that
originally should have slashed up leftwards, as though it was
supported by his left shoulder. The blue light covering the blade
suddenly vanished due to the excessive strength injected, but that
didn't matter as the attack itself had already ended.
The Blue Rose Sword halted atop his shoulder just as the knight
harshly kicked off the ground. The landing of the grand staircase
was wide, and he probably had the plan of firing yet another
blazing spear while Eugeo was petrified if he succeeded in
retreating to the wall's edge. There would be no way for Eugeo to
defend if he permitted that.
The final method to break through the enforced rigidness.
That was to link a new secret move to a secret move. By
performing the activation stance of the next skill atop the ending
160

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

stance of the previous skill, the period of rigidness could be
erased. It was the secret move among secret moves that even his
teacher, Kirito, could accomplish only half of the time,
«connecting skills»—
"......!!"
Letting out a sharp breath of air, Eugeo hoped for the skill's
activation with all his heart. Immediately after, the sword vividly
shone once again. His body leapt forth as if he flicked there. The
blade slashing down from the upper-left growled as it drew close
to the integrity knight. One-hit secret move, «Slant».
At last, the knight's two eyes opened wide within that helmet.
Neither the pain that assailed his right eye, nor those spinning
bright-red sacred letters made an appearance as they had when
he tried to slash Raios and Humbert. There wasn't even any
indecision or hesitation. The single notion of cutting an enemy
deserving of it set Eugeo's entire body into motion.
The Blue Rose Sword fiercely swung down straight at the knight's
right shoulder. Following the metallic noise from the spaulder
splitting apart, the dull and heavy impact transmitted itself to
Eugeo's right hand. The resistance he felt from the tightly grasped
sword was unmistakably from slicing human muscle and crushing
human bones.
Inflicted with a deep gash reaching from his shoulder through to
his chest, the integrity knight was thrown onto his back, onto the
ground.
"Goahh!"
The confined voice whispered out from beneath the helmet and
immediately after, a massive amount of blood spurted out from
the helmet's base, visibly redder than than the copper color of the
armor.
161

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

This made it the second time he had cut a human, but Eugeo still
felt his breath stop for a moment. A sort of squeezing sensation
beset the pit of his stomach upon noticing the feedback that
remained on his right hand, but he desperately forced it down.
As though in agreement with Eugeo's feelings, the Blue Rose
Sword emitted yet another intense wave of cold air, turning all of
the blood that clung to the blade to frost and after shaking that off,
it returned to its usual state. The knight's right shoulder was
frozen pure white when he looked, the dripping blood formed
into a small icicle.
"Guh..."
The integrity knight let out a low groan as he raised his left hand
that still held onto the bow, trying to move it towards the wound.
Eugeo gathered power back into his right hand that held onto his
sword upon seeing that. He would have to slash the fallen knight
once more if the opponent began to recite sacred arts. As a high
ranking user would be able to use all of the sacred energy in the
surrounding air to restore Life, he would have to inflict a severe
injury on his mouth, slice his arm off, or perhaps, there was no
method to render him powerless aside from taking his life.
However, it seemed the knight gave up on healing upon noticing
his left fist was utterly frozen and unable to let go of the bow that
had already lost its flames. Subtle movements with the fingertips
were necessary for elemental art rituals. Letting out a long sigh
with what appeared to be a crooked smile, his arm fell onto the
ground with a crack.
Eugeo was at a loss on what to do now. The chill produced by the
Blue Rose Sword had driven away the enemy's flames, but it
brought forth the effect of stopping his blood flow as well, by
freezing the wounds. The knight wouldn't be able to fight any
longer, but neither would he die. The frozen left hand would
162

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

defrost eventually if left alone, and he might give chase after fully
recovering through sacred arts.
The one who spoke first was the integrity knight, as Eugeo stood
still while chewing on his teeth.
"...Youngsters..."
Eugeo straightened his posture at that voice, hoarse yet
maintaining its dignity, but the narrative that followed was a little
unexpected.
"What is the name of that secret move you first used...?"
"......"
He was puzzled for just a little, but Eugeo moved his dry lips and
answered.
"...It's from the Aincrad style of swordsmanship, a two-hits skill,
«Vertical Arc»."
"Two... hits skill."
Repeating his words, the knight stayed silent for a moment, but
soon resumed his questions.
"You there... what was the skill you used...?"
The knight's helmet made a slight motion, so Eugeo shifted his
view towards the back for a sheer instant. When he did so, he saw
Kirito, burnt in various spots, slowly climbing the stairs while
pressing down on his left arm and dragging his right leg along.
"Kirito... how are your injuries!?"
When he answered in a panic, his partner gave a weak laugh.

163

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"It's fine, I prevented most of the severe burns. ...Mister Knight,
what I used was the Aincrad-style defensive skill, «Spinning
Shield»."
"......"
Upon hearing that, the knight peered up at the ceiling as his
helmet creaked, then sunk back into silence.
The voice that flowed out several seconds later was hushed, as if
he was addressing himself, rather than Eugeo and Kirito.
"...I have always planned to search through the Human World
from end to end... and whatever lies beyond that... but it appears
swords and skills unknown to me do still exist within this world...
—Your skills are suffused with the might from the accumulation
of earnest training. It was my mistake... to accuse both of you of
leading Knight Eldrie into depravity through deplorable arts..."
The integrity knight moved his head once more, shifting his vision
towards Eugeo from within the face guard.
"...Won't you... tell me your names?"
After exchanging a glance with Kirito, Eugeo curtly stated his
name.
"...Swordsman Eugeo. No family name."
"I'm Swordsman Kirito."
After nodding as though he was deliberating over their names, the
integrity knight let words emerge that were even more
unexpected.
"...Several integrity knights are awaiting the both of you on the
fiftieth floor of the cathedral, in the «Grand Cloister of Spiritual
Light». Not to capture you alive, but to eliminate the Life of you
164

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

both and to take your mortal lives... The next breath you take will
likely be your last, the instant you choose to sortie with a frontal
charge as you did earlier."
"Hey... hey, mister, you sure it's okay for you to say something like
that?"
Kirito interjected in slight bewilderment. But the knight faintly
revealed what resembled a smile again and muttered.
"As have I failed to accomplish Administrator-sama's command...
My emblems of being a knight, this armor and sacred instrument,
shall be confiscated and I will be penalized by being frozen for an
indefinite period of time... —Please cleave my Life before I suffer
such disgrace... with your own hands."
"......"
The knight added on, looking to the speechless Eugeo and Kirito.
"There is no need for hesitation... after all... your magnificent
sword skills have already brought forth defeat..."
They heard his name next—one enough of a shock to stop Eugeo
from breathing.
"Mine... Of this integrity knight, Deusolbert Synthesis Seven."
This wasn't to the degree of only mildly recalling it from
somewhere.
That name was one deeply engraved upon Eugeo's soul, not
fading away for even an instant, over these eight tangible years. It
encompassed a profound regret and despair, along with anger
accompanying them.
"Deusol... bert? That time... you were...?"

165

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Eugeo heard the voice choked out from his own throat, a hoarse
one that seemed to belong to someone else.
The color of his armor was different and all the voices of the
integrity knights took on a similar metallic echo with their helmet
on, so he hadn't actually noticed up until now, but still, in that
case, the knight who lay collapsed before his eyes right now was
the one who had once stood before Eugeo's eyes and—
Some sort of impact pushed Eugeo from behind and he took
several unsteady steps forward.
"Eugeo...?"
Kirito's questioning voice barely made it to his ears. His upper
body stooped over, he peered at the face within the helmet close
up.
Perhaps some sort of art ritual had been applied to the helmet, as
the knight's face was actually shrouded in darkness even after the
gap was shortened to several tens of cen. However, he could
clearly perceive those two eyes that retained their strength even
after that huge quantity of Life was sheared off. They seemed both
young and weathered, with sharp corners.
Moving his parched lips, Eugeo whispered in a grating tone.
"You said to cleave... your Life...? It was a magnificent duel, you
said...?"
His right hand convulsed uncontrollably while the Blue Rose
Sword still in his hand began to radiate an intense chill once
again. A white frost immediately wrapped around the integrity
knight's armor, right before the sword's point.
Eugeo set loose the feverish mass that suddenly swelled out from
the depths of his stomach, threatening to even tear his throat
apart, in a single breath.
166

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Binding! Binding up a girl of merely eleven in chains... and
hanging her off a flying dragon as you took her away... someone
like you has absolutely no right to use such wordssss——!!"
Eugeo raised the Blue Rose Sword up high in a reverse grip.
He wanted to thrust through the mouth belonging to the knight
that spewed those utterly unforgivable words all the way into the
ground, dissipating what was left of his Life at the same time.
However, a severe and throbbing pain hindered his right hand
from moving. It was not his right eye that hurt, but somewhere
deep within his chest. It was a sort of pain that felt as though
someone was frantically trying to pull Eugeo back.
With the sword still held aloft, Eugeo, his body trembling strongly,
had his right arm—
Gently held back by Kirito's left hand, reaching out from beside
him.
"......Why, did you stop me, Kirito..."
Swaying in the maelstrom of his emotions, on the verge of losing
all sense of reason, Eugeo questioned his partner, the person he
trusted over any and everyone else in the world.
Kirito stared hard at Eugeo with eyes tinged with a pain he had
personally endured, slowly shaking his head left and right.
"That mister has already lost his spirit to fight. You mustn't turn
your sword onto an opponent like that..."
"But... but this person... this person was the one who took Alice
away... this person..."
Offering rebuttals like a spoiled child, a part of Eugeo's mind had
already understood what Kirito was trying to say.
167

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The integrity knights, too, were primarily nothing more than
existences mobilized by orders from the Axiom Church—orders
from the highest minister. The one who abducted Alice was the
church itself, a result of this world's distorted law and order.
But on the other hand, the urge to abandon the righteous
standpoint and mince the collapsed knight into remnants did not
disappear. The feelings of rage, powerlessness, and guilt that had
piled up since that summer day were not of a degree capable of
vanishing simply by finding out about the contrivances behind the
world after all this time.
Toppled wicker basket at his feet. Bread and cheese defiled by
sand. Ice melted by sunlight.
Chains with a dull gleam constricting Alice's blue one-piece dress.
And his two feet, immobile as though roots grew from them.
...Kirito—Kirito.
You would probably have tried to hack away at the integrity
knight and help Alice back then. You would have done it even
knowing that you would be arrested and sent for a trial.
But I couldn't. Despite how Alice was my only friend, a girl more
important than anyone else, I couldn't do anything but watch.
Watch as this knight, now collapsed here before my eyes, bound
Alice and took her away.
A storm of emotions, filled with such fragmentary thoughts, swept
through the entirety of his mind. The right arm restrained by
Kirito trembled, the sword was brandished ever higher.
However, the words Kirito spoke while focusing strength into his
left hand surprised Eugeo enough to make him freeze for a
moment

168

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"...I'm sure this mister doesn't remember it. The time he took your
Alice away from Rulid Village... Not that he forgot it, but that his
memory was erased."
"Eh...?"
Eugeo looked downwards at the helmet of the collapsed knight in
astonishment.
The integrity knight hadn't stirred the slightest bit, even with the
Blue Rose Sword pointed at him, now moved for the first time
upon receiving stares from the pair. Forcibly opening his left fist,
where the frost had finally thawed, he let go off the long bow
while scattering ice fragments, and released the latch at the side
of the helmet with his fingertips.
The helmet, constructed to appear menacing, opened as though to
split apart, front and back, and now peeled off the knight's head,
falling with a thud. What appeared was the face of a male who
was the very image of perseverance, around the age of forty.
His hair, cut short, and thick eyebrows were an ashen-red similar
to rusted iron. His high nose bridge and pursed lips were straight
like a cut from a knife while the sharpness of his eyes brought to
mind the steel of arrowheads.
However, his deep gray eyes alone revealed the unrest within his
heart, slightly wavering. The thin lips moved and the voice that
streamed out was completely different from how it had been until
now, a low tone with depth.
"...It is... as that black-haired youngster has mentioned. You say I
captured a young girl and took her away on a flying dragon? I
have no recollection of carrying out such a deed."
"No... no recollection...? It was only eight years ago..."

169

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Muttering in a daze, strength leeched from Eugeo's right arm
without his notice. Touching his chin as though sunk in thought
with the left hand that he now detached from Eugeo, Kirito spoke
once more.
"Like I said, they were erased... your memories of the whole deed,
from beginning to end. Mister... no, Knight Deusolbert, you were
the integrity knight who protected the remote northern region,
north of Norlangarth, am I correct?"
"...Indeed. The Northern Norlangarth Seventh Remote Region
was... the region I oversaw. Yes... that was, until eight years ago..."
The knight's eyebrows strongly rose together, as if they were
trying to dredge something up from the deepest depths of his
memories.
"And I... was bestowed with this armor along with the duty of
guarding the Central Cathedral... due to a great achievement..."
"Do you recall what that achievement was?"
The knight could not give an immediate answer to Kirito's
question. His lips pressed tightly together, his sight wandering
about. What broke the short silence were words from Kirito once
again.
"I'll answer that for you. Your achievement was searching out
Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty. At a small village at the
end of the northern region, somewhere no one knew about from
the central capital. Even though the highest minister,
Administrator, credited the achievement of bringing Alice to this
tower to you, she also had to erase all memories regarding this
incident from you... The reason for that was mentioned by you
yourself earlier."

170

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Without anyone noticing, Kirito continued talking, in a quick tone
that was quicker than both Eugeo and the integrity knight, as
though he was speaking to himself.
"Integrity knights have no history, they were summoned from the
Celestial World, after all; that's what you said. That must have
definitely been what the highest minister taught you immediately
after you woke up as a knight. That's why you have no memories
from before you became an integrity knight; that's how she
persuaded you. But to persist with that story, it would be a
problem not only if integrity knights had memories from their
human lives remaining, but also if they had memories concerning
the birth of a new knight aside from themselves. It would be chaos
if a major criminal that you brought in yourself suddenly
appeared as a fellow knight the next day, after all... there lies the
highest minister's weakness..."
Thinking through various facets at a monstrous speed, Kirito
began pacing left and right while looking downwards.
With all of his will draining from him while he looked at his
partner's state, Eugeo took a long breath while taking another
look at the male lying at his feet. When he did, Integrity Knight
Deusolbert, too, appeared to be sunk in his thoughts with a blank
expression.
It wasn't like his rage and hatred had vanished, but if his
memories regarding Alice had truly been erased without a trace,
then he had no choice but to accept it—perhaps.
That all the knights were nothing more than pawns manipulated
by that one who served as the highest minister of the Axiom
Church, Administrator. That the hateful enemy who stole Alice
from him, stole her memories from her, and nurtured her into an
integrity knight was all a single person, Administrator.

171

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Perhaps noticing Eugeo's gaze looking down upon himself,
Deusolbert's eyes ceased wandering. The emotions likely swirling
within his chest were unreadable, but the voice that flowed from
his lips was in a complete stammer, a voice that made one want to
question whether he truly was the same person as that
formidable opponent who had stood before the pair, sheer
minutes ago.
"That shouldn't... be possible... How could we integrity knights be
denizens of the Human World like the rest of you before we were
appointed as knights......?"
"......"
Substituting Eugeo who was at a loss for words, Kirito answered
again.
"The blood that flows from that wound of yours is red, just like
ours, isn't it? And Knight Eldrie becoming strange that time
wasn't because of some dodgy art cast on him either. It was
because we tried to call back the memories stolen from him. ...You
ought to be the same as Eldrie also. I don't know whether you
achieved victory at the Four Empire Unity Tournament or held
disdain for the Taboo Index, but you had your important
memories stolen by Administrator with the loyalty towards the
church planted in their place and was turned into an integrity
knight. You mentioned that you would be penalized by getting
frozen, but Administrator-sama would probably be altering your
memories during that time and erasing your memories of this
conversation too. I'd even bet on it."
The way Kirito expressed it was blunt, but his voice was mingled
with melancholy.
Perhaps the knight felt that as well, as he shut his eyelids and kept
silent for a while, but he slowly then shook his head once more.

172

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"I am unable to believe it. How could Her Eminence, the highest
minister... cast such an art upon......"
"But that's reality. There ought to be something left within you as
well. An important memory from before you became a knight, one
that cannot be expunged by any art ritual..."
When Kirito approached it from that angle, Deusolbert suddenly
raised his left hand up and stared at his burly fingers as he softly
murmured in a sigh.
"Ever since I have descended into the Human World... I have
always seen this same dream, time after time... A petite hand
shaking me awake... and a silver ring worn on one of those
fingers... Yet when I awake... there is never anyone..."
Deusolbert's eyebrows squeezed together and he firmly pressed
his left hand down upon his forehead. Kirito stared fixedly at that
scene, but soon muttered softly.
"You probably can't remember any more than that. Your
memories of the one whose hand and ring that belonged to was
stolen by Administrator..."
Keeping silent for a moment, he returned the lowered black
sword in his right hand back into its sheath attached to the left of
his waist with a clink.
"...You decide what to do from now on. Whether to return to
Administrator's side to receive your punishment, or to heal your
injuries and chase after us... or maybe..."
Cutting short there, Kirito took several steps towards the
staircase that stretched upwards from the right side of the
landing. Coming to a halt there, he twisted over his shoulder and
looked Eugeo in the eye.
—Wasn't that enough?
173

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

His black eyes spoke thusly. Eugeo turned his gaze towards the
integrity knight, collapsed on the ground with his eyes shut, once
again. He slowly raised the Blue Rose Sword in his right hand—
and aligned its tip with the sheath on the left of his waist, gently
dropping it in.
"...Let's go."
Taking his place beside Kirito, he curtly spoke and they began
walking towards the ascending stairs together.
It was unknown which decision Integrity Knight Deusolbert
Synthesis Seven would pick, but at the very least, it seemed it
wouldn't be the one to chase after the pair.

174

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Part 2
The sound of the pair's soles striding up the marble stairs
reverberated alone for a brief period of time.
Without that, their surroundings would be engulfed in a silence,
piercing enough to hurt one's ears. There should be a great
number of ascetics and their apprentices living in the giant tower
of the Axiom Church, according to the extent of Eugeo's
knowledge, but he could sense nothing close to any human
presence, no matter how hard he strained his ears or focused his
eyes.
Additionally, the sight that greeted him at each new floor he
climbed up—a rectangular hall with corridors stretching left and
right, doors lined up in identical intervals along them—was
practically indistinguishable, giving him the impression that an
illusory art had been placed on them unseen, making them ascend
and descend the same staircase over and over again.
He wanted to try entering one of the corridors and opening a
nearby door to ascertain that was not the case, but Kirito silently
kept up his constant pace in front, so he told himself not to get
distracted. If Deusolbert's words proved true, even stronger
enemies would be awaiting them on the fiftieth floor of the
cathedral, somewhere a little higher on this staircase.
Gently touching the grip of his beloved sword swaying at the left
of his waist, at the moment Eugeo tried to shake away his idle
thoughts, Kirito's feet came to an abrupt stop immediately before
reaching the landing.
Turning around with a serious expression, he spoke with a tense
tone, going,
"Hey, Eugeo. ......Which floor are we on now...?"
"Hey... hey now."
175

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

After an instinctive, slight stumble, Eugeo breathed a sigh, shook
his head, and dropped his shoulders, all at the same time.
"It's the twenty-ninth floor next. I thought it might be the case, but
to think you really weren't counting."
"Don't you think it would only be proper to have floor indicators
on the staircase, normally?"
"That might be true, but you still should have noticed it after all
this time!"
Tuning out Eugeo's gesture as though it didn't concern him, Kirito
leaned his back onto the landing's wall with a thump.
"Nonetheless, we're still that far, huh... I thought we had gone
pretty high up too... I'm getting hungry..."
"...Well, you aren't alone on that one."
Close to five hours had already passed since they were treated to
that luxurious breakfast in Cardinal's Great Library Room. Solus
was approaching the center of the sky from what could be seen
through the long and thin window, and with how they had
climbed twenty-five floors, which would be a thousand steps, in
addition to going through a single, intense battle, it was certainly
unavoidable that their bodies were demanding replenishments.
Nodding at Kirito's words, Eugeo followed up by holding his right
hand out without reserve.
"So, hand over one of those in your trouser pockets."
"Eh... no, these are, well, for emergency use, so... —Your eyes are
unexpectedly sharp, huh."
"There's no way I wouldn't have noticed with how stuffed those
are, right?"
176

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito thrust his hand into his right pocket with what seemed like
resignation on his face, before taking two steaming manjuu out
and tossing one of them over. Upon catching it, there was a savory
aroma that provoked his stomach despite the sizable time that
had passed since they had left the library room.
"It got burnt a little with that old man's blazing attack."
"Ha-Hah... so that's why. Thanks for the food."
The manjuu was created by Cardinal via a high ranking sacred art,
so that meant it had originally been pages from a precious, old
book, but Eugeo closed his eyes to that fact and bit into it. He
momentarily savored the crunchy grill marks on its skin and the
juicy minced meat filling in a trance.
The modest lunch was finished in a few tens of seconds; Eugeo
licked his fingers and breathed a short sigh. There was still a
suspicious lump in Kirito's left pocket, but he decided to leave
that alone while calling out to his partner who had also finished
eating.
"That was good. —So, what's the plan from now on? We'll reach
the fiftieth floor in question if we climb for another thirty
minutes, but... are we going to charge in from the front?"
"Nn..."
Kirito mussed up his hair as he groaned.
"That's right... —We found out just how scary an integrity knight
can be earlier, but judging from what I saw in the battle between
you and that old man, rather than those guys not being used to
consecutive skills, they really don't have any experience with
them, I guess. I want to believe that we have a chance of winning
if we bring it into a one-on-one melee. But with several of them
there, not to mention how they're fully prepared and awaiting us,
that would be hard to set up."
177

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Then... let's give up on going in from the front and search for
another route?"
"I wonder about that. Even Cardinal declared that this grand
staircase was the only route and even if we found a secret
passage, there's still the danger of getting caught in a pincer
attack before long... I hope to defeat the knights on the fiftieth
floor without running away elsewhere, somehow. So that would
bring us to having to use our trump card, but we have the time to
prepare that draggy, long art ritual, thanks to the warning that old
man gave us."
"I see... The «armament full control art»..."
When Eugeo muttered it, Kirito nodded with a complex
expression.
"I'm worried about using it in an actual fight without practice, but
wasting our swords' Life on a trial shot at a place like this would
just be... We'll use the full control art together, before we dash
onto the fiftieth floor and try to render as many knights powerless
as possible..."
"Aah, there's something I have to say about that, Kirito."
With just a little awkwardness, Eugeo cut into Kirito's words.
"That is... It doesn't feel like my full control art will be a high
impact direct attack like the integrity knight's skill earlier."
"Eh... r-really?"
"You see, the one who wrote the art ritual for me was Cardinal... I
was the one who thought up the type of skill, but still..."
Kirito tilted his head as he spoke to Eugeo, his murmurs full of
excuses.

178

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Well, try reciting the art ritual for now. Without the opening
line."
"Y-Yeah."
He rapidly chanted the art ritual as he was told to, with the
«system call» omitted. Kirito, who listened with his eyes shut,
went against expectations and smirked after Eugeo reached the
final line, "Enhance armament".
"So that's it. True, it can't quite be called offensive, but it's useful
enough, depending on how it's used. And it doesn't seem to go too
badly with my full control art."
"Oh? What's your skill, Kirito?"
"That's something for you to look forward to."
Eugeo lightly scowled at Kirito, tossing out that glib line.
However, his partner combed his forelocks upwards with a
composed face, leaning his back against the wall once more.
"Well, I can't call it a real strategy, but let's go with it. First, we
chant the armament full control art just before we charge onto the
fiftieth floor, leaving it in standby before activation. Then upon
dashing in and confirming their positions, you first hit them with
your skill, then I will with mine. If everything goes well and the
enemies are gathered in the same place, we might even render all
of them helpless."
"Might, huh."
He agreed doubtfully, but to be honest, Eugeo didn't have a plan of
his own. He couldn't help but admit his partner had a better
aptitude for creating a plan with all factors accounted for and he
was frankly thankful for being able to chant the art ritual before
the battle, with his lackluster confidence in reciting it quickly.
179

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"...Then, let's go with that. First, I will..."
As he spoke, Eugeo casually turned his vision towards the left, at
the stairs continuing to the cathedral's twenty-ninth floor.
And he opened his eyes wide in amazement.
Two petite heads were peeping out from the shadows
surrounding the railings, their four eyes staring intensely in their
direction.
The instant their eyes met with Eugeo's, the two heads tucked in
with a flash. But as he continued to gaze on, speechlessly, the
heads appeared once again, their still-innocent pair of eyes
blinking steadily.
Realizing something had happened, Kirito followed Eugeo's sight
and after also leaving his mouth agape, he hesitantly asked.
"Who are... you two?"
With that, the two heads met each other, nodded in sync, and
nervously revealed themselves entirely.
"Ki... kids...?"
Eugeo muttered, unthinkingly.
The ones who stood on the floor above were two girls clad in
exactly the same ink-black clothes.
Their ages appeared around ten. He felt a tinge of nostalgia, for
the plain black clothes were greatly similar to the religious habit
belonging to Selka, Alice's little sister, who studied at the church
in Rulid.
However, unlike Selka, the girls wore short-swords with an
overall length of around thirty cen on their green belts. A moment
of wariness welled up, but he immediately noticed not only their
180

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

blade, but their grips as well, were made from a reddish wood.
The hue was unusual, but it was likely similar to the wooden
swords granted to children aiming to become swordsmen.
The girl on the right had her pale light brown hair in two braids.
Her droopy-looking eyebrows along with the corners of her eye
gave an impression of meekness. Contrasting with that, the girl on
the left had her straw colored hair cropped short, her two eyes
accented upwards in resolve.
As Eugeo and Kirito stared on in silence, the one who took a step
forward was the spirited, strong-minded girl on the left as
expected. Taking in a deep breath of air, she suddenly began her
self-introduction.
"Erm... I'm-I'm Fizel, a sister apprentice of the Axiom Church. And
this girl here is also a sister apprentice..."
"Li... Linel."
The pair's childish voices ended on a quavering note, perhaps due
to their uneasiness. Eugeo showed a smile meant to reassure
them and immediately realized he might be seen as hostile,
considering they were sisters of the church, even if they were still
apprentices.
However, the words spoken by the girl who called herself Fizel
were more straight to the point than Eugeo would have expected.
"So... are the intruders from the Dark Territory supposed to be the
two of you?"
"Hah...?"
Kirito's and his face instinctively met. His partner, too, was unable
to come to a decision on how to handle this situation. His lips
flapped endlessly with his eyebrows knitted, and then he swiftly
moved and slunk behind Eugeo's back.
181

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"I'm bad with kids. I'll leave this to you."
Told that from behind, he wished to whisper "That's unfair!" back,
but hiding behind Kirito wasn't quite possible now. Looking at the
two girls on the floor above, he gave a stifled reply.
"Er... erm, well... we ought to be humans from the Human World,
but... the part about us being intruders is, well, not exactly wrong,
I guess..."
This time, the children huddled their foreheads together upon
hearing that and began to exchange words in hushed voices. They
were soft, but still audible due to how the surroundings were far
too silent.
"What's with that, they just look completely like humans on the
outside, Nel. They don't have any horns or tails."
The one who said that, unsatisfied, was Fizel, the girl who seemed
strong-minded. The girl named Linel argued back falteringly.
"I-I only said what was written in the books. You're the one at
fault for thinking they would really have them, Zel."
"Hmm, still, they might just be hiding them. Maybe we can tell if
we get closer?"
"Eeh, but they just look like normal humans. But... maybe it's
possible that they have fangs..."
The charming conversation reminded Eugeo of the twin
daughters of the Wolde farm where he had once freeloaded, and
his lips truly went slack this time round.
If Kirito and himself were kids of that age and found out there
were intruders from the land of darkness nearby, there was a high
possibility they would have gone and sneaked a peep like this. As

182

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

a result, they would probably have received a harsh scolding from
their fathers and the village chief.
Eugeo instantly became worried, having thought of that. Wouldn't
the two girls be punished later for coming into contact with rebels
against the church? He figured he wasn't in any situation to hold
that concern, but still felt that he had to speak.
"Hey... won't they get mad at the two of you for talking to us?"
Upon hearing that, Fizel and Linel promptly closed their mouths
and then after, put on smug smiles. Fizel answered, looking just a
little jubilant. The politeness in her speech went missing
unnoticed.
"All of the brothers and sisters and their apprentices were
ordered to lock the door to their own rooms and not leave since
this morning. So that means that even if we went to take a look at
the intruders, there's no worry of anyone finding out."
"Ha-Hah..."
Somehow, it seemed exactly like a reasoning Kirito would come
up with. He could even practically picture that in his mind, how
they would get found out in the end and be scolded.
The two girls went into some discussion once again, but Linel was
the one who spoke out this time.
"Ermm... are you two of you really not monsters from the Dark
Territory?"
"Y-Yeah."
"Then, I'm sorry, but could you allow us to take a closer look at
the two of you...? At, erm, your foreheads and teeth."
"Eeh?"
183

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Losing his calm at the unforeseen request, Eugeo glanced behind,
but not only did Kirito not send any aid his way, he even feigned
ignorance with his head looking elsewhere. Eugeo reluctantly
nodded to the girls.
"...Well, if that's all, I don't have a problem with it..."
Being unable to refuse in this situation was partly due to his
nature, but there was also his desire to prove that he was a
regular human despite being a rebel going against the church and
depending on the circumstances, it might even be possible to gain
information on the cathedral's interior from the pair.

184

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

185

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Fizel's and Linel's faces sparkled and they trotted down the stairs,
their gait entwined with curiosity and caution. Their feet stopped
upon reaching the landing, their blue and grey eyes pointedly
fixed on him.
Eugeo leaned over, combing up the hair on his forehead with his
left hand as he bared his teeth for them to see. The children stared
at Eugeo for close to ten seconds without blinking a single time,
before they finally nodded, apparently satisfied.
"He's human."
"He is, isn't he?"
Such a pronounced disappointment appeared on the pair's faces
that he couldn't help but to break into a wry smile. Looking at
Eugeo doing that, Linel inclined her head to the side.
"But if the two of you aren't monsters from the Dark Territory,
why would the Central Cathedral believe that the two of you are
intruders?"
"E-Erm..."
Even while thinking it would be a turn for the worst one way or
another, he figured there wasn't any need to hide after all that had
already come to pass and answered honestly.
"...A long time ago, a female friend of mine was taken away by an
integrity knight. So, I came here to take her back."
This, in particular, must have been hard for an ascetic apprentice,
who would normally believe firmly in the Axiom Church's sense of
justice, to accept. He expected expressions of disgust and dismay
to show up on those young faces, but contrary to that, the girls
simply nodded curtly. The girl with straw-colored hair, Fizel,
spoke with a slightly disgruntled face.
186

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"So that's it. That was a pretty normal reason."
"N-Normal?"
"There were a few cases of people arranging protests against the
church when their family or lovers were taken away, recorded in
the past. The two of you are probably the first to actually get in
here like this, though."
Following on, Linel picked up the flow from the side.
"Not to mention how they said you cut the spirit-iron chains and
escaped once you were imprisoned, and that part about managing
to defeat two integrity knights too, which made us wait here,
thinking there were definitely monsters of darkness... maybe even
a genuine darkness knight launching an attack. But to think you
were just normal humans..."
The kids exchanged looks and went, "Is this enough?" and "It is,
right?", as they lightly nodded to each other.
Linel, who looked at Eugeo once more, tilted her small head as her
pigtails swayed.
"Then, last of all, could you tell us your names?"
There’s more that I wanted to ask, though, thought Eugeo as he
replied.
"I'm Eugeo. The one behind me is Kirito."
"Hmph... you don't have a family name?"
"Ah, yeah. I'm a child of the pioneers, you see. ...Could it be the
same for the two of you too?"
"No, we have one."

187

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Cutting off there, Linel grinned widely. A bright, cherubic one—a
smile like her cheeks were stuffed with delicious sweets.
"My name is Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight."
Eugeo couldn't immediately deduce the meaning that name
possessed.
At once, a cool chill could be felt at his abdomen and Eugeo turned
his vision downwards.
Eugeo wasn't sure when it had been drawn from the belt, but the
short-sword gripped in Linel's right hand had its tip sunk about
five cen into his body.
It appeared to be only a wooden sword when worn in her belt, but
it seemed what he truly thought was the blade, was actually a
wooden scabbard. The real blade drawn out from there was not
wooden. It was a murky-green, unfamiliar metal. Its surface
caught the sunlight shining in from the window and gleamed as
though it was wet.
"Eu...!"
Was that short utterance Kirito's voice? Turning his rigid neck
behind him, he saw his partner frozen, with his right foot a step
forward. Fizel, who was beside Linel only a moment before, was
now standing diagonally behind Kirito, with that same green
sword thrust into that black coat. The shape of her mouth that
made up that smile was the same spirited one as earlier, just as
jubilant.
"—And, I'm Fizel Synthesis Twenty-nine."
The short-swords were drawn out from Eugeo's and Kirito's
bodies at the same time. Fizel and Linel gave the swords a flick
faster than the eye could perceive and shook off the red blood
cleanly, then neatly stored them in their respective scabbards.
188

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The chill creeping in from the injury in his abdomen spread
throughout his body in an instant. The places that freezing
coldness assailed went numb one after another.
"You... two... integri... ty..."
Right after he had somehow forced out those words, his tongue
went numb and he was completely petrified.
His knees gave way without warning and Eugeo dropped to the
floor like a sack. His chest and left cheek crashed heavily onto the
marble, but pain, as well as his entire sense of touch, was absent.
Immediately after, Kirito tumbled over with a thud.
Poison—
Eugeo realized, though it was already too late, and tried to think
of a countermeasure.
He had generally studied about forms of poison in nature and and
their antidotes from the Sword Mastery Academy lectures.
However, all of those were only measures for cases when one was
affected by poison from plants, snakes, or insects, not in
preparation for getting attacked by venom in the midst of battle
like this.
That was only natural. Battles were competitions of valor and
grace where the academy, no, the Human World was concerned,
so an act like adding venom to weapons would have been strictly
prohibited. He heard that even the young noble, who had released
a venomous insect and tried to hinder Eugeo and Kirito from
taking part in the Zakkaria Swordsmanship Tournament, didn't go
so far as to coat his sword with poison in the match with Kirito.
As such, the knowledge Eugeo possessed was on the level of
knowing what type of herb to apply when stung by some specific
venomous insect. Even if he were to discover what variant of
189

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

venom the girls used, there was no vegetation around, let alone
medicinal plants. The final method was to try curing himself via
sacred arts, but the usage of art rituals was impossible with his
hands and mouth paralyzed.
In other words, if this venom did not merely rob his body of its
freedom, but was one that constantly reduced his Life as well,
both of their lives would be extinguished before they got halfway
up the Central Cathedral.
"You don't have to be so scared, Eugeo-san."
Integrity Knight Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight's voice suddenly
trickled down from overhead. Perhaps due to the venom's
influence, he heard the sweet voice somewhat distorted, as
though he was underwater.
"It's just a paralyzing venom. In the first place, the only difference
is whether you die here or on the fiftieth floor."
The click-clacking of her footsteps sounded and a small, lightbrown shoe jumped into Eugeo's vision as he remained immobile
with his left cheek stuck to the ground. Linel lifted her right foot,
and then unreservedly placed its end atop Eugeo's head, moving it
here and there as though she was searching for something.
"...Hmm, so there really weren't any horns."
Moving her foot onto his back, she endlessly trampled over both
of its sides.
"No wings either, huh. Zel, what about your side?"
"This one's just a human too!"
Likely having examined Kirito the same way outside of his sight,
Fizel responded unhappily.

190

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Ah-ah, and I was hoping to finally see a monster from the Dark
Territory too."
"Well, it's alright. If we drag these two to the fiftieth floor and cut
their heads off in front of those lame people waiting there, we
should be able to get sacred instruments and flying dragons too.
Then we can fly over to the Dark Territory and look at the real
ones all we want."
"Yep. Right, Nel, let's see who's the first one to get a darkness
knight's head!"
Even after all of that, Fizel's and Linel's voices were the very
likeness of innocence and Eugeo thought that to be the most
unnerving part of it all. How could children like these little girls
become integrity knights—no, before that, why were these
children in the cathedral?
Eugeo could not see when Linel, who was in front of him, drew
her sword. Fizel's agility, having easily defeated Kirito who was a
distance away, was even more horrifying.
However, combat skill was not something that would improve
without long years of practice and the experience of actual lifeand-death battles. The reason why Eugeo could freely handle the
Blue Rose Sword, a sacred instrument, would have been due to his
experience in patiently swinging an axe at the Gigas Cedar, but
Kirito said driving away the goblin group at the northern cave
also played a major part.
But no matter how he looked at them, Fizel and Linel were around
ten years old and they seemed to have never actually experienced
a fight against the Dark Territory monsters too, according to their
words.

191

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

In that case, through what means did they master their physical
movements and sword handling, which were faster than the eye
could follow?
However, Eugeo did not let out a single sound about the swirling
doubts within his heart.
It seemed the venom had circulated through his entire body, with
the sensation of the floor's coldness or the presence of his own
body disappearing before he knew it. Linel's small hand grabbed
Eugeo's right ankle and he noticed he was being dragged along as
his vision reeled around.
Desperately shifting his eyeballs that could hardly move that
much towards the left, he spotted Kirito being dragged along like
baggage as well. The paralysis likely reached his face the same as
Eugeo, as his partner's expression was blank.
The two young integrity knights dragged Eugeo and Kirito along,
the Blue Rose Sword and black sword still within their belts, and
began going up the stairs without a care. Their heads were
violently lifted and dropped each and every step climbed, but as
expected, there was no sense of pain.
He had to find a plan to escape this crisis, but perhaps because the
paralyzing venom had assailed even his spirit, Eugeo could sense
nothing but a parched emptiness enveloping himself.
He had resolved himself to fight the Axiom Church, but even he
didn't think they would have carried out such dreadful
manipulation on such children of tender years, molding them into
integrity knights. And the humans living in this Human World
believed that it was the symbol of absolute goodness and
harmony. And had for hundreds of years.
"You think it's weird, don't you?"

192

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Linel's voice suddenly reached his ears, faint laughter
accompanying it.
"'Why did children like these became integrity knights?', right?
You're going to get killed soon enough, so I'll tell you."
"Nel, isn't there no point in saying that if we're killing them?
You're eccentric as always."
"Don't you think going all the way up to the fiftieth floor is
boring?—Eugeo-san, we were born and raised here, in this
cathedral. We were made by the brothers and sisters in the tower
under orders from Administrator-sama, you know. For her
«resurrection» sacred art experiments that can recover Life that
had been completely lost."
The words coming out from her mouth were unbelievably
horrifying, but Linel's voice remained cheerful until the very end.
"It seems children outside receive their sacred task when they're
ten, but we were given them at five. Our job was to murder each
other. We were given a sword like a toy, far smaller than even this
venomous sword, and made to pair up and stab each other."
"You sucked at stabbing, didn't you, Nel. I couldn't stand how
much it hurt each time."
Linel responded, unsatisfied, at Fizel's voice that seemed to have
joined in.
"That was because of your weird movements, Zel. —I think you
two would know after defeating two integrity knights, but
humans don't die so easily, do they, Eugeo-san, Kirito-san? It's the
same even for kids at merely five years old. Even as we panicked
with the need to kill each other quickly, we blindly slashed and
stabbed until finally reducing each other's Lives to zero, but
Administrator-sama would just resurrect us with sacred arts..."
193

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"And resurrection totally didn't work out at the start too, right?
The kids who died normally were still lucky; there were some that
exploded into pieces or some that turned into weird lumps of
meat or some that became different people when revived, weren't
there?"
"Even if it was supposed to be our sacred task, we didn't want to
be pointlessly hurt and revived either. We tried out various ways
and noticed that getting killed in one hit as cleanly as possible
hurt the least and had high chances of resurrection. But that
single hit's the hard part, you know. It had to be really fast and
smooth, either a stab to the heart or slashing off the head."
"And we succeeded in that at around seven, I think? We practiced
all the time while the other kids were sleeping, after all."
There was utterly no sign of his senses returning, but shivers still
assailed Eugeo, like goose bumps rising over his entire body.
The reason why Fizel and Linel acquired their frightening
physical techniques.
It was from killing each other without cease over many years, or
so the girls were saying. Day after day, they swung their swords
thinking about how best to sever their friends' lives.
Certainly, with the accumulation of such experience, it might be
possible to master the skills required to be conferred the position
of an integrity knight even as a child. But on the other hand, these
two have definitely lost something essential.
Linel continued in the same cheerful voice even as she incessantly
ascended the grand staircase.
"It was around the time we became eight years old that
Administrator-sama gave up on the resurrection art experiments.
It looked like perfect resurrection was impossible in the end. Did
you know? When your Life becomes zero, loads of white arrows
194

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

of light rain down and, how do I say this, the insides of your head
get sliced away bit by bit. The kids who had their important parts
shaved away don't come back the same even if their Life was
restored. There were countless times when I lost the last few days
of memories after getting revived. —As a result, the thirty of us at
the start became just Zel and me at the end of the experiments."
"That big-headed elder told us who had survived to choose our
next sacred task, so we said that we wanted to become integrity
knights. He got mad when we said that, saying that the integrity
knights were guardians of order summoned from the Celestial
World by Administrator-sama; that they weren't something
children like us could become. And then it ended up as a match
against the novice integrity knights at that time. ...What were
those guys' names?"
"Erm... Something-something Synthesis Twenty-eight and
Twenty-nine."
"Look here, Nel, I'm asking for that something-something part. Oh
well, that face the elder had when we cut those arrogant brothers'
heads off in one slash was strange, huh?"
Stopping her words there, the girls merrily laughed for a while.
"...And, upon finding out the result, Administrator-sama made us
integrity knights as a special case. Replacing the two who died.
But she said we lacked the knowledge to take up defense duty like
the other knights, so we had to be taught about the law and
sacred arts for another two years as sister apprentices... honestly,
it's just annoying."
"When we were discussing how we could get flying dragons and
sacred instruments quicker, the warning that underlings of the
Dark Territory had invaded the cathedral came in, you see. Both
Nel and I went, 'This is it!'. We thought that if we caught the
intruders and executed them faster than the other knights,
195

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Administrator-sama might make us into official knights, so we
waited at the stairs."
"I'm sorry about using poison. But we really wanted to bring
Eugeo-san and Kirito-san to the fiftieth floor if possible... Ah,
please don't worry. We're super good at killing, so it won't hurt."
It seemed the two girls couldn't wait for the moment they cut
Eugeo's and Kirito's necks in front of the defense line of integrity
knights on the fiftieth floor much longer. Their lively strides
became increasingly light, climbing the stairs astonishingly fast
despite dragging their prey along.
Although he had to think up of an escape plan somehow, Eugeo
could do naught but listen to what the pair talked about in a daze.
Even if his mouth wasn't paralyzed, he believed it was utterly
impossible to make these children change their minds through
words. The two of them probably don't even possess the concept
of good and evil. All the girls obeyed was the orders from the one
who «manufactured» them, the highest minister, Administrator—
After they turned for the umpteenth time, the ceiling reflected in
Eugeo's opened eyes changed from the underside of the next
floor's staircase to a level surface. The staircase likely didn't
continue because they had finally reached the fiftieth floor that
divided the cathedral into two.
Fizel and Linel’s steps came to a halt and they exchanged brief
words, "Let's go" and "Yeah", with each other.
There were several minutes until that green sword severed his
neck—no, there were probably only seconds. His body showed no
sign of his senses returning at all and his fingertips wouldn't
move the slightest despite how much he wished it.
The ceiling here was much higher than it had been so far. It was
probably twenty mel high at least. The marble canopy far above,
196

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

colorfully depicted a likeness of the three goddesses of the
world's creation and their devotees, arched overhead. The
columns that supported the canopy, too, were adorned with
countless sculptures, Solus's light lavishly cascaded down onto
them through the windows installed to the left and right. It was a
somber scene, one fitting of its name, «Grand Cloister of Spiritual
Light».
The two girls dragged Eugeo and Kirito along another five mel
and their feet stopped there. His body spun half a circle with the
force of his right foot thrown out and Eugeo could finally see
through the entire grand cloister.
It was dreadfully wide. Likely using up all of this entire cathedral
floor, the flooring made from stones of different hues appeared
hazy at the corners in the white light. A deep-crimson carpet
spread straight towards the wall furthest from the entrance, a
grand door that practically seemed built for giants towered at the
end. There was no mistake that the stairs continuing to the next
floor were beyond that door.
And— Far in front of the door, in the center of the hall, several
motionless knights clad in full body armor, exuding an air of
intimidation that would let no-one pass as they stood tall, could
be seen. Four were lined up at regular distances. One was a little
in front.
Every one of the four standing behind were uniformly equipped
in armor, gleaming silver, wearing helmets engraved with a cross.
The same shape as Eldrie's. Their weapons, too, were the same
large straight swords thrust onto the floor, with both hands
placed firmly on the pommels.
The one in front had armor with a significantly different design
from the four behind. It was completely suffused with a refined
orchid radiance and was noticeably more sophisticated as well,
while a slender sword that seemed specialized for thrusting skills
197

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

hung at the waist. What that knight wore could be considered
light armor, but the other four were no comparison for the
density of resolve that emanated from there. Eugeo couldn't see
what lay inside that helmet modeled after the wings of birds of
prey, but he believed there was no possibility that the knight was
inferior to Deusolbert.
These were the five integrity knights that formed an
insurmountable barrier to their aim of the highest floor.
But the ones who were a bigger threat to the lives of Eugeo and
Kirito at the present moment were the two children standing
right before their eyes.
Triumphantly bending their backs, covered in their plain ascetic
clothes, Linel and Fizel confronted the five knights.
"—My, if it isn't Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio Synthesis
Two-dono here."
Linel first announced in a cheerful voice.
"It appears the elder must have been rather alarmed as well, to go
to the bother of sending «Heaven Piercing Sword» Fanatio-dono
here. Or perhaps you are the one panicking here, Fanatio-sama? I
suppose you couldn't bear to have «Fragrant Olive»-dono walk off
with the position of Deputy Knight Commander with her
performance, could you?"
The few tense seconds of silence were broken by the purple
knight's rather sharp voice accompanied by a metallic
reverberation.
Eugeo felt confident that he sensed hidden irritation behind that
muffled echo, unique to integrity knights, that didn't seem to
originate from a human.

198

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"...Why are you young apprentices in this battlefield of honorable
knights?"
"Aha, that's soo lame!"
Fizel quickly shouted back in an unreserved tone.
"It's because you bring stuff like honor and dignity into fights, that
two of your all-powerful, able-to-match-a-thousand integrity
knights have lost, heh. But rest assured, so that you esteemed
knights don't suffer any further disgrace, we have caught the
intruders for you!"
"We'll be cutting the intruders' heads off now, so please look
closely and report it to the highest minister. I suppose the
honorable integrity knights wouldn't even imagine about stealing
our achievement, am I right?"
Eugeo couldn't help but be dumbfounded at the girls' guts despite
the perilous situation he was in, as Linel and Fizel spoke with
even less restraint while the five integrity knights, possessing
superhuman strength, faced them.
No—that might be a little off.
Could that prominent emotion hovering behind the children's
small backs be hatred...?
Lying on the floor, Eugeo issued his strength to the only part that
could move, his two eyes, and stared at Linel and Fizel. But still,
what was their hatred directed towards? Despite appearing
before the major criminals who had rebelled against the Axiom
Church and highest minister, Administrator, the girls had showed
nothing but pure curiosity.
Linel and Fizel, openly expressing both hatred and contempt,
glared at the integrity knights, and the knights looked back at the
199

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

two children with irritation, as Eugeo looked up at the children,
harboring doubts in his mind, so—
Until the instant that black-clothed shadow appeared behind the
children without a sound, there was likely not a single being who
had detected its movement.
Kirito, who should have been affected by the paralyzing venom
like Eugeo, approached from behind the two girls with the
smoothness of a shadow panther on the prowl and took the
venomous swords hanging on their waists by their hilts: Fizel's in
his right hand, Linel's in his left. With that, he drew the swords
upwards and linked it to a shallow slash on each of the children's
exposed left arms.
The children only managed to turn to look back with blank faces
after Kirito landed from a long jump backwards, with the shortswords still in his hands.
Vacant expressions of surprise appeared on Linel's and Fizel's
innocent faces.
"Why..."
"Move..."
The venom's effects manifested immediately and the children
tumbled onto the floor softly after voicing that much.
Kirito got up as though he was their substitute. He held both of
the venomous swords together in his left hand and searched
through Linel's ascetic clothes with his right after walking up to
her. The object he instantly picked out was a tiny bottle the size of
his fingertips, stoppering an orange-colored fluid.
Flicking off the cork and putting it to his nose, he nodded as
though convinced, then walked on. Eugeo couldn't do anything
but to believe the fluid, gently flowing from the bottle that drew
200

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

close to his lips, was an antidote and drank it down. It was likely
for the best that he had no sense of taste.
Kirito, displaying a rare sort of grimness on his face, whispered in
an extremely soft voice while still on his knees.
"The paralysis will be cured in a few minutes. When your mouth
can move, be sure to start chanting the armament full control art
without the knights' notice. Keep on standby when you're done
preparing and wait for my signal."
Getting up after saying only what he needed to, Kirito moved to
the girls' side once again. He shouted out towards the five
integrity knights still standing a distance away in a strained, loud
voice.
"Knight Kirito, as well as Knight Eugeo, would like to extend our
deepest apologies for the disrespect of looking on while lying
down at the side! In addition to that disrespect, I beg for you to
grant a deferment for us to redress our disgrace! I propose we
cross swords after that hiatus!"
The purple knight, who was probably of a rather high rank,
immediately replied in a dignified tone.
"I am the second of the integrity knights, Fanatio Synthesis Two!
Criminals, my sacred instrument, «Heaven Piercing Sword»,
doesn't possess a single drop of mercy, so declare your last words
if you have any, while this sword remains sheathed!"
Upon hearing that, Kirito instantly looked down at the two girls
collapsed beside him and hit out with his words, loud enough for
even the knights to hear.
"—I believe you think it's weird, don't you? About why I could
move."

201

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Chagrin dyed Linel's eyes as the words she had personally spoken
earlier were stolen.
"The two of you fumbled your words earlier. You said all of the
brothers and sisters were ordered not to leave their rooms. There
shouldn't be anyone who can disobey an order within the
cathedral. Hence, that proved you were not actual sister
apprentices since you hadn't abided by the order."
A prickling pain crawled around his limbs, perhaps because his
senses had started to return thanks to the medicine, but Eugeo
took nearly no notice of it. He finally understood what emotion
was hidden behind his partner's expression.
Despite his usual character, that Kirito—was enraged.
But it didn't seem that rage was directed towards the children.
After all, a considerable level of sympathy could be seen in his
eyes as they were cast down at Linel and Fizel.
"Besides, there're those scabbards on your waists. Those were
made from the «ruby evergreen oak» in the south, right? That is
the only material that would not rot when in contact with these
swords made from the «poison steel from Ruberyl». There was no
way mere sister apprentices could have something like these.
Thus, I chanted an art to counteract the poison before the two of
you got closer. It did take quite some time for it to finish, though.
...Strength isn't purely based on how fast you can swing your
swords. To sum it up, the both of you were foolish; foolish enough
to deserve dying here right this instant."
Kirito coldly told the two girls and raised the poison swords held
in his left hand up high.
The two swords traced a green flash as they flew from his hand,
thrown down without any hesitation. They buried themselves

202

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

with a dull noise, into the stone floor at the tip of Linel's and
Fizel's noses.
"But I won't kill you. In exchange, watch closely at just how strong
the integrity knights you ridiculed are."
He turned aside after those few words and proceeded several
steps forward.
Kirito slowly turned the black sword that glided from its scabbard
with a sharp sound and brandished it in front of himself.
"—I apologize for the wait, Knight Fanatio! Knight Kirito stands
before you!!"
He's overdoing it... regardless of what the circumstances may be.
He thought to cry those words out at his partner's back, but
Eugeo's lips merely trembled slightly. His senses were returning,
but his voice was still locked away.
Kirito had always borrowed those weapon listings from the
academy's library he held an interest in, so that was likely where
he had gained the knowledge of the «ruby evergreen oak» and
«poison steel». With his inherent insight added in, Kirito might
have escaped from the trap laid by Linel and Fizel, but it was clear
that they had been plunged into an even more perilous plight due
to the children. After all, they had to engage strong opponents in
direct combat: five integrity knights, with one among them at the
position of Deputy Knight Commander. The plan of discussing
their actions and chanting the full control art in advance, before
charging into the grand cloister, was naturally voided.
The usual Kirito would have dragged Eugeo along as he fled
without a tinge of hesitation, rearranging the circumstances to
make it the slightest bit more advantageous. As expected, the
reason why he didn't was because he wasn't in his normal state. If
203

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

he stared hard, he could practically see a profound anger stirring
Kirito up, bluish-white flames upon the black shirt on his back.
Even the instructors at the Sword Mastery Academy would have
been overpowered if they had confronted Kirito, as he currently
was, head-on. However, as expected of one who was the integrity
knight’s second in command, the purple knight named Fanatio
grasped the hilt of that slender sword on the left waist in a
dignified motion. When it was unsheathed with a clear sound, a
dazzling radiance, as though the blade itself was emitting light,
struck Eugeo's eyes.
Following Fanatio, the four integrity knights behind reversed
their great swords thrust into the floor and brandished them in a
neatly coordinated motion. The resolve felt welling from their
swords rippled the air in the hall as it pushed against Kirito's.
Fanatio, who didn't show the slightest bit of liveliness despite the
strained situation, let loose a voice with a somber ring to it from
under the helmet.
"Criminal Kirito, it appears you desire an individual match with
me... but unfortunately, we have been strictly ordered to use all
means to erase the both of you if you were to reach this cloister.
Hence, I shall have them serve as your opponent first. —The
«Four Oscillation Blades» personally tempered under my
instruction, that is!"
Fanatio loudly declared, then started with rapid chanting of a
complex sacred art that began with system call. It was likely, no,
unmistakably the armament full control art. The only means to
counter were to use the same art as well, or to cut the knight
down before it was finished.
Kirito chose the latter. As he rushed at Fanatio with enough force
to make sparks scatter from his soles' hobnails, he swung his
black sword overhead.
204

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

However, the knight who stood at the left, among the four in wait
behind Fanatio, began an assault at the same time. The great
sword held with both hands cleaved horizontally from the left
with a heavy groan, advancing on Kirito.
Kirito changed his sword's orientation, receiving the knight's
attack with a downwards swing from overhead. An ear-piercing
crash resounded. Both were repelled backwards, widening the
gap.
Kirito's recovery was quicker in comparison to the knight,
hurriedly trying to pull the huge sword back. He had already
entered the stance to pursue upon landing, and with just a single
lunge more at his opponent's chest—
"......!?"
—Eugeo's breath immediately escaped after he believed that. He
didn't know when it had happened, but a second knight had
rushed in and released an all-out horizontal slash from the left.
Kirito stopped his feet and this time, his sword slashed up
towards the left and repelled the enemy's sword. There was the
same metallic noise and abundant spray of sparks as earlier, and
the two opened up a distance of approximately four mel.
The second knight's stance, too, was severely demolished. It was
only natural, holding one's ground after being repelled from
dealing an all-out attack with a sword that huge would be difficult
regardless of how much physical strength one had. What should
be praised, however, was Kirito's expertise, for repulsing the
opponent's sword with a complete minimum of motion and
gracefully absorbing its recoil, shifting into the next offensive
stance immediately after.
However.

205

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Without being giving even the time to consider the potentiality,
Eugeo saw a third knight lunging at Kirito once again, directly
after he landed. Before his sight was taken by the collision
between sword and sword for the third time, Eugeo forced his
eyes to the rear.
"——!!"
And he ground his teeth. In that moment Kirito crossed swords
with the third knight, the fourth was already beginning to rush
forth.
How could they predict Kirito's movement so accurately? Kirito's
reaction finally became erratic from the consequent horizontal
cleave. Although he did succeed in intercepting it somehow, his
black-clothed frame swayed in the air, perhaps due to the force he
was pushed back by.
——I see.
It took too long, but Eugeo noticed the four knights' intent.
All of the knights' attacks were horizontal slashes from left to
right. Parrying that with his sword would restrict the direction to
which he would be repelled, to a certain degree. With that as their
aim, the next knight would repeat the horizontal slash. The wider
range when compared to thrusts and vertical swings, along with
the blade's length, could provide a rough estimate that was
sufficient for them to catch Kirito within the reach of their slashes,
even if it was done in advance.
It was a supposed «consecutive hits skill via a group» from the
integrity knights who shouldn't have secret moves with
consecutive hits. They really were different from the swordsmen
in the capital who purely pursued the beauty of styles, they were
true warriors hardened through actual battles in the Dark
Territory.
206

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

However, the knights' coordinated tactic was not perfect either.
—Notice it, Kirito, there's a way to get through it if you do!
A hoarse groan seeped out from Eugeo's throat as he tried to
shout. His tongue and lips were finally starting to move. As he
moved his mouth in a desperate bid to loosen those stiff muscles,
to start on the art ritual even a moment quicker, Eugeo frantically
prayed as he looked on at his partner. For him to notice it.
Having parried the fourth knight's sword, Kirito slipped up in his
landing at last, thrusting a single hand onto the floor.
The first knight's sword roared as it launched an assault,
thrusting in after recovering from the impact.
Kirito immediately slumped his upper body backwards, slipping
under the sword. A section of his black hair made contact with the
blade and was scattered away.
Yes—If the incoming attack was certain to be a horizontal slash,
he would simply have to dodge above or below it instead of
deflecting it with his sword.
But that evasion has to be combined with a counterattack. If he
were to fall down, there would be a short pause, no, something
longer than that before he could take action again.
It appeared the second knight approaching from Kirito's left had
absolutely no intention of missing that pause. Nimbly shifting the
sword that was pointed sideways up, the knight executed a
vertical slash at full power.
"D...!!"
Danger, Eugeo tried to shout, ignoring the sharp pain running
through his throat. However, it wasn't in time. It was when he

207

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

instinctively averted his eyes, not expecting him to be able to
dodge—
The initial knight who just completed the sword swing on Kirito's
right shook violently.
Kirito wasn't merely sprawled over. His two legs had clutched
around the knight's unnoticed, pulling the knight down atop
himself.
The second knight could not stop the slash in motion and the
great sword's blade buried itself deeply into his ally's back. The
knight who recovered his sword while showing signs of shock
was then assaulted by a black flash reaching from below.
Kirito, his lunge accurately stabbing through the knight's two
arms as he got up, turned towards the third knight who appeared
to be charging forward in disorder and shoved the second away
with all the force he had. As expected, the third couldn't hack at
him along with an ally and halted the slash.
At last, the consecutive attacks from the group Fanatio called the
«Four Oscillation Blades» came to an end.
Kirito ran savagely through that gap. Without sparing the four
knights even a glance, he launched an attack on Fanatio, chanting
the full control art.
Let it reach—!
Eugeo frantically prayed.
"Enhance...!"
Fanatio shouted.
"Uooooh!!"

208

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito howled, his sword raised up high from afar. It wouldn't
reach from that distance normally, but the blade released a
yellow-green flash immediately after. Aincrad-style secret move,
«Sonic Leap». It was a one-hit vertical slash like «Vertical», but
possessed the ability to charge forward from over twice that
distance in an instant.
Fanatio turned the slender sword's point at Kirito whose bestial
pounce trailed out a path of light. However, it was impossible for
such a delicate weapon to ward off the impact from a secret move
no matter what was tried. The long sword carved from the Gigas
Cedar held a weight higher than the Blue Rose Sword, a sacred
instrument. Adding a slashing attack at Kirito's practically godlike
speed into the mix, it would be enough to smash something like a
slender sword into smithereens, even if there were three of them
bundled up together.
It was at the instant when the black-clothed knight reached the
peak of his jump and began to swing his sword forward—
A flash came from the slender sword at the knight's hand.
No, to be accurate, the entire blade turned into a bluish-white
radiance as it stretched out forward with terrifying agility.
The slender ray of light penetrated Kirito's left flank without a
sound, continued onwards towards the sky, and ignited a small
explosion as it plunged into the grand cloister's ceiling. That all
ended in an instant.
Kirito's secret move had its trajectory upset with his abdomen
pierced through, and merely grazed a decorative wing on
Fanatio's helmet, forcibly snapping it off into the air.
Barely any blood could be seen flowing from the wound and
Eugeo didn't think there was much of a drop in his Life, but Kirito
fell onto a single knee upon landing. When he focused his eyes
209

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

hard enough, he saw pale smoke rising around the small hole
opened up in his shirt.
It was probably a flame-type attack? However, the light released
from Fanatio's sword was a blinding white that was almost blue.
Eugeo had never seen a flame of such color before.
Turning with a motion so refined it was detestable, Fanatio
pointed the slender sword's end precisely at Kirito who was
crouching on the floor.
With a faint 'sha', the ray of light surged out again. If it wasn't for
Kirito springing to the left immediately before that, the light
would have likely gone through his right leg. The light ray that
precariously missed stabbed into the marble floor and once again
caused a small explosion. When the light faded, a bright-red hole
remained melted into the surface there.
"No... way...!"
Eugeo did not notice the jarring, hoarse voice that escaped from
his own mouth for a while.
The material used in building the cathedral was marble of the
highest grade, like the «immortal walls» that divided Central
Centoria as a cross, judging from its pure white hue and glassy
glaze. It wasn't something that could be melted despite how hot a
flame you used. Hadn't how only the carpet had been burnt when
those infernal flames brought forth by Deusolbert's «Conflagrant
Flame Bow» had engulfed the surface been enough to serve as
evidence for that?
In other words, that would make Fanatio's full control art far
mightier than Deusolbert's skill, if it was a flame-type attack. So
wouldn't Kirito's Life that suffered a direct hit from such a skill be
on the verge of dissipating?

210

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito didn't stay in a single place, continuously jumping in erratic
directions as Eugeo looked on tightly gripped in the fist of an icecold fear. Light rays flashed out one after another, digging into the
ground, as Fanatio's sword chased his figure.
A more horrifying detail of that skill was how it contained
absolutely no prior movements before the discharge of light, such
as accumulating the light or thrusting the sword. At the very least,
Eugeo couldn't guess at when the nonchalantly shifting slender
sword would emit the ray of light from his position. Describing it
as having an extremely long range would define it at the same
level as Eldrie's «Frost Scale Whip», but that was mere child's play
when compared to this.
Showing no sign of getting fired up at all, Fanatio continued
pursuing Kirito with slick movements like a dance. Kirito could
dodge even four, five, six shots of those solely because of his
painstakingly tempered physical capability and feral intuition.
However, at last, the light that shot out for the seventh time
declared an end to the fatal game of tag.
Shaa! The top of his foot was pierced in midair by the light ray
that scorched the air as it shot out, Kirito crashed onto the floor,
shoulder first, his posture crumpling. But still, Fanatio's sword
point unwaveringly aimed slightly below the tuft of black hair that
was brought up straight away.
"Ki......"
-rito, Eugeo tried to shout before he noticed the numbness of his
throat and mouth were finally gone. He might be able to articulate
clearly enough to complete the art ritual like this.
Instead of screaming out, Eugeo steadily sent strength to his
abdomen and began chanting the art ritual at a volume too soft

211

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

for the knights to hear, but loud enough to reach the creation
goddesses.
"System call..."
Kirito would be able to get through this level of danger on his
own. Hence, there was only one thing Eugeo ought to do, to chant
the full control art as he was told to, getting it ready to be
activated whenever it was needed.
With the sword of certain death pointed straight at Kirito, Fanatio
kept quiet for a while, as though to provoke him, before speaking
out in a dull voice.
"...I have been given advice, that prattling on at times like this is a
bad habit of mine, from the Knight Commander for over a
hundred years, but... Still, it feels like such a misery. Every single
one of those who have prostrated themselves beneath the
authority of my «Heaven Piercing Sword» could show naught but
that asinine expression, you see. I suppose you, too, are
wondering what exactly is the true form of this technique capable
of cornering yourself so easily."
It seemed the four knights under Fanatio had finished treating
their casualties in the meantime too, as they were now
surrounding Kirito from the back, holding their great swords in
one hand. This made it even harder to escape, but it increased the
possibility of prolonging Fanatio's small talk accordingly.
Concentrating fully on not making a single mistake in his chant in
order to avert failure, Eugeo continued stringing the art ritual
together with all he had.
"You may be a criminal, but I suppose you know of mirrors if you
have lived in the capital?"

212

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Fanatio suddenly asked a question that came out of nowhere and
a perplexed expression appeared on Kirito even as he withstood
the pain.
Mirrors.
Of course, Eugeo had seen them before as well. There weren't any
back home in Rulid, but his personal room in the academy's elite
swordsman-in-training dormitory was furnished with a small one.
It was a mysterious tool that reflected far more vividly than water
surfaces and metal sheets, but Eugeo couldn't quite come to like
his own feeble appearance, so he hadn't had much of a craving to
peek into it.
With the sword prepared to immediately shoot light at Kirito if he
made any movement, Fanatio resumed in a voice that revealed no
emotion.
"As it's a highly valued commodity made by pouring melted silver
onto glass, I doubt there would be many opportunities for
inhabitants outside the capital to lay their eyes on it, but... that
tool is able to reflect Solus's light almost perfectly. I wonder if you
understand... that is, the reason behind why the area shone on by
the reflected light becomes twice as hot. —A hundred and thirty
years from now in the past, her eminence, the highest minister,
confiscated silver coins and other items made from silver, and
commanded glassmakers to create a thousand large panes of
glass. They were for an offensive art that required no chanting...
an experiment labeled «weaponry» though, you see. The thousand
mirrors, lined up to form a half circle in the cathedral's front yard,
reflected the midsummer Solus's light and focused it onto a single
spot, bringing forth a pure white inferno. That melted a large rock
the size of a man in mere minutes."
Weaponry... white inferno...?

213

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Eugeo understood nothing from Fanatio's words. However, he
knew by intuition, that the scheme from the highest minister was
as horrifying as having children murder each other in order to
stabilize the resurrection art.
"—In the end, the eminent highest minister judged that it
required too much preparation to get it into a battle-worthy state.
However, she mentioned it would be too much of a pity for all of it
to go to waste, and with her divine miracles, she gathered every
one of the thousand large mirrors, tempered them, and created a
single sword. That was this sacred instrument, the «Heaven
Piercing Sword». Do you understand, criminal? What pierced
through your abdomen and leg was the might of Sun Goddess
Solus herself!"
The words from the integrity knight, tinged with a faint
haughtiness, were such a surprise that Eugeo narrowly avoided
making a blunder on the nearly completed art ritual.
Solus's light gathered by a thousand mirrors—was that supposed
to be the true form of that white ray of light?
It was possible to counteract an attack through thermal elements
with cryogenic elements. But how could an attack through light be
guarded against? In the first place, arts with luminous elements as
their source of power should have nearly no direct offensive
ability, to the extent of Eugeo's knowledge. A blinding light could
be negated with umbra elemental arts, but a light ray on that level
would probably pierce through ten or twenty umbra elements
thrown at it easily.
Unconcerned with the intolerable unease in his heart, Eugeo's
mouth continued constructing the art ritual, half automatically,
and finally reached the final line. The power hidden within the
Blue Rose Sword would be invoked after chanting the ending
phrase, «enhance armament». But that would have to wait for
Kirito's signal.
214

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Fanatio appeared to have ran out of things to talk about and
slightly thrust the sword pointed at Kirito's head forward.
"Kirito, have you understood the might of my sword that will
erase your Life? Then I shall allow you to repent for your sins,
entrust your heartfelt faith to the three goddesses, and beg them
for their mercy before you die. If you do so, the spiritual light of
purification will cleanse the sins of your soul and guide it to the
Celestial World. Now—farewell, immature and foolish criminal."
The Heaven Piercing Sword shone dazzlingly, projecting the ray of
light that would ring his death knell through his heart.
"Discharge!"
It was in that instant when that scream reached Eugeo's ears.
Directly before Fanatio's sword shone, Kirito slapped his two
hands together with a 'pan!' and then held them out in front. What
appeared before his palms was a single sheet colored silver.
No, that's not it. It wasn't merely a sheet of metal. The perfectly
level, square sheet clearly reflected Fanatio's helmet while the
knight stood in front of Eugeo.
Eugeo's eyes had perceived elements of two different hues
grasped in those hands before they were slapped together.
The light on the right hand was that of metal elements. It was
used to fire needles or create trifling tools, the metallic-type
element. And what the left hand held were crystal elements. It
was the glass-type element used to create imperceptible barriers
and glass cups. With those two formed into the shape of a sheet
and layered, the object created was—
A mirror.

215

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The light spear that concealed an extreme heat hit the mirror
created by Kirito's art ritual and changed it from silver to orange
in the blink of an eye.
The Lives for tools created from elements were after all low. Even
if a knife looked the same on the outside, compared to one forged
from ore that could last for tens of years, one formed from metal
elements would exhaust its Life in only hours and dissipate. That
mirror should be no exception, it was highly doubtful it would
have the endurance to deflect the Heaven Piercing Sword's light.
As Eugeo's fleeting thought predicted, the mirror survived in the
air for only a mere tenth of a second. The glass and metal melted
into a fluid that scattered about and the light ray went straight at
Kirito, retaining eighty percent of its radiance.
However, the instant's worth of reprieve forcibly brought about
wasn't wasted on Kirito either. It was hardly anything, but he
succeeded in tilting his frame towards the left and the light singed
only a part of his black hair and cheek before it streamed behind
him.
And the remaining twenty percent of the light caught by the
mirror—
Was deflected at an acute angle and sprung upon Fanatio's
helmet.
It shouldn't have been a predictable move, but as expected of the
second integrity knight, the light ray was dodged with a head tilt
to the right with reflexes on par with Kirito or higher. However,
the knight couldn't protect the decorative wings that sprung from
either side of the helmet. The decoration on the left was hit by the
light and the clasp disintegrated with it—the helmet broke into
two, front and back, immediately after.

216

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Eugeo's sight was seized by the abundance of hair that swept into
the air in that moment.
It was a deep black like Kirito's hair. But its silkiness was
overwhelmingly superior. The flowing wavy long hair, which
must have surely been groomed with tender care, glistened
bewitchingly in the midday light from the grand windows.
Why would someone like a knight—
As Eugeo unconsciously wondered that, he could see Fanatio's
face quickly being covered with a raised left hand.
And Fanatio shouted.
"You saw, didn't you... cretin!!"
It was utterly different from that metallically warped voice that
had come from the helmet previously; it was in a high-pitched
tone, both refined and supple.
She's female—!?
The overwhelming surprise drove Eugeo to the brink of releasing
his voice, which would break the art ritual's standby status.
He tightly pursed his lips to prevent any unnecessary words from
spilling out. However, part of his consciousness was steadfastly
drawn towards Knight Fanatio's retreating figure.
Her stature was similar to Kirito or taller, but when he assessed
her with that thought in mind, the line tracing from her back to
her waist was certainly slender. However, he had been completely
convinced she was a man up until now

217

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

218

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

They had already encountered knights like Alice Synthesis Thirty,
or Linel and Fizel, though they were children, so there was no
reason to deny that there were quite a number of females within
the integrity knights. In the first place, close to half of the trainees
studying in the academy were girls like Tiezé and Ronye. Many
integrity knights were produced from their ranks, so there was
nothing strange about the second knight being female.
When he pondered on why he was so astonished despite that,
Eugeo noticed that it was because Fanatio's speech and behavior
up until now had been excessively masculine.
If that was the case, the reason for the anger exuding from
Fanatio's entire frame right now was not because her bare face
was seen—it might be due to them finding out she was female.
It appeared Kirito, down on the floor with a single knee, had the
pain from the burn on his cheek vanish too, as an astonished look
showed up on his face.
Glaring at Kirito crouching through the gaps between the fingers
on her left hand, Fanatio spoke again.
"So you're... making that sort of face too, huh, criminal. So even
you bunch, guilty of high treason against the church, will not fight
seriously the moment you know I'm a girl?"
Despite being a lament, practically wrung from herself, her voice
was exquisite, bringing to mind stringed instruments played by a
virtuoso.
"I am not human... I am an integrity knight summoned to this land
from the Celestial World... And yet I have to suffer such scorn
from you men, the instant you know me to be female! Not just
among my peers... but even from the commander of those
incarnations of evil, the darkness knights!!"
—That's not it; neither of us are looking down on you.
219

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

After replying thusly in his mind, a thought struck Eugeo.
He had fought many swordswomen during his service as a guard
in Zakkaria and while he began studying in the academy. There
were several among them who possessed more skill than Eugeo
and of course, there were times when he lost against them.
Through experiencing all of those battles, Eugeo did not go easy
on his opponents just because they were female and he held
respect for experts in the field regardless of their gender.
However—what if it wasn't a match where the competitors won
by stopping before making contact or after the first hit, but an
actual life-and-death battle? Could he really annihilate his
opponent's Life without hesitation...?
It happened when Eugeo was seized by the thoughts he now
considered for the first time and lost his breath.
Kirito who was crouching on the floor suddenly became a gust of
wind and leapt out.
It was a downwards slash from the right without any trickery or
even secret moves. However, the blade moved at an appalling
speed that appeared hazy even in Eugeo's eyes. It was like a
miracle instead, that Fanatio managed to parry it in time with her
heart thrown in disarray. Gaan! An ear-piercing impact echoed
through the hall, scattering sparks that vividly illuminated the
pair's faces for a moment.
Fanatio skillfully stopped the slash near her slender sword's
guard, but she could not soak up the brunt of the charge and was
forced back several steps. Kirito locked their swords together and
jostled into the female knight's slender body without slackening
the pressure. Fanatio's knee, clad in purple armor, began to bend
slightly.
Kirito suddenly spoke in a low tone.
220

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"I see, that explains that sword and skill. It's to hide that you're a
woman when fighting... that's right, isn't it, Fanatio ojou-sama?"
"You... bastard!!"
Her shout sounded like a scream; Fanatio forced her sword back
as they scraped against each other.
When Eugeo turned his sight that was fastened on those two
elsewhere, he could feel signs of distress from the four
surrounding knights as well. It might be likely, but there could be
some among them who did not know Fanatio's bare face. The two
girls who were laid paralyzed on Eugeo's right couldn't show any
signs of either, however.
Exposing themselves to the knights' eyes, Kirito and Fanatio
continued their all-out competition. Kirito was clearly the winner
in terms of body weight and sword weight, he guessed. But after
getting pushed back once, Fanatio showed no sign of drawing
back with that physical strength unimaginable from her slender
arms.
Kirito hurled words at her once again from the gaps in his gritted
teeth.
"...I'll say this first, but what I was surprised at just now, was how
the resolve in your sword decreased by such a far-fetched amount
the instant your helmet broke. Hiding your face, hiding your
sword swings... aren't you the one most conscious that you're a
woman?"
"Sh... shut up! I'll kill you... I'll definitely kill you at least...!"
"That's what I'm planning on doing too. I have absolutely no plan
to go easy on you because you're a woman at all; after all, I've
been losing to swordswomen the entire time!"

221

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

It was true that Kirito had countlessly been beaten by Sortilienasenpai, whom he served as a valet, as far as Eugeo knew. But
Eugeo believed he wasn't exactly referring to training or practice
matches. As if he was saying that he had actually lost to
swordswomen elsewhere, in real bouts in the past...
At that moment, Kirito's right leg suddenly sprung forth and
tripped Fanatio's legs. Her upper body floundered and the two
swords scattered sparks as they parted. Without a moment's
delay, he thrust his black sword in with a single hand.
However, the integrity knight's right hand flashed at godlike
speed and her slender sword deflected the black sword from the
side like a living creature. Straightening her posture while
avoiding the thrust's passage, she took a step back to regain some
distance.
Kirito's recovery was quick as well. Using the momentum from
the thrust, he dove into the opponent's chest in what seemed like
a body slam and maintained the close range. After all, long range
battles were not feasible against Fanatio who possessed that skill
to fire light rays without prior preparation.
An ultra-high speed clash of swords began at near-zero distance.
What frightened Eugeo was how Fanatio dealt with Kirito's
disorientating consecutive attacks without retreating by even a
step back. The black blade that launched assaults from up, down,
left, and right in succession was handled by the slender sword,
freely flashing around, retaliating with thrusts of two or three
consecutive hits whenever there was the smallest opening.
Neither of the two used secret moves, but that was because they
couldn't even find the opening to perform the initial stance.
Every single one of the traditional swordsmanship styles in the
Human World possessed only one-hit sword skills and it seemed
not even the elderly Integrity Knight Deusolbert knew of
222

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

consecutive hit skills. That would mean Fanatio worked out
consecutive sword skills through her own effort. The reason
behind that was definitely not unrelated to Kirito's speech from a
while ago.
The light from the Heaven Piercing Sword, to defeat enemies
without getting close. Or the consecutive hit skills, to drive
enemies away with successive attacks even if she was unable to
use the full control art and lost the initiative.
In other words, the female knight, Fanatio, was afraid of enemies
getting close to her and noticing what was hidden under her
armor.
But why...? Why would she try so hard to hide her own gender?
While reflecting on the new doubt that welled up, Eugeo's eyes
were glued to the battle between the pair. It appeared the four
knights under Fanatio were the same, they looked over the
ferocious fight without moving one bit and with their great
swords lowered.
Really now, this is such—
Such a magnificent battle.
At that close distance, both parties hardly moved their feet and
continued defending against the barrage of slashes and thrusts
darting back and forth just by dodging their bodies or by parrying.
The spectacle around the pair was as though a multitude of stars
were surging in, rebounding, and vanishing, one after another.
Even the clangs of steel clashing against steel had a certain
magnificence to it, reminding one of a percussion instrument
duet.
A chilling smile crept onto Kirito's face that grew pallid as he
executed techniques with such vigor, it was like he completely
fused with the black sword. The close range battle should have
223

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

been able to blockade the opponent's usage of Solus's light, but he
currently seemed to be simply immersed in the joy of thrashing
out with his tempered sword skills to his heart's content.
On the other hand, Fanatio should have no reason to go along
with her opponent. If she were to get one of her subordinates to
attack Kirito from behind, take that opening to gain some
distance, and fire those light rays again, there would be no
possibility of Kirito defending this time.
Despite that, the integrity knight with fluttering black, long hair
appeared to be trying to conclude the showdown through direct
attacks with her slender sword. Eugeo could not infer the reason
for that. Because of anger caused by Kirito's provocation? Her
pride as a knight could not forgive retreat? Or perhaps, she, too,
had found something of note in this exchange of consecutive hit
skills, this transcendental battle?
Eugeo could not see anything but Fanatio's back from his
position; he did not know what sort of expression showed upon
her face.
Making a guess from her several remarks, he figured Fanatio had
served the church as an integrity knight for a hundred and thirty
years at minimum, with the possibility of it being more. It was an
absurd length of time that Eugeo could not even imagine, with
himself unsure if he could even reach nineteen years old.
He had no idea how many years it had been since she had
concealed her face and gender, but if she had worked out all of
those consecutive sword skills through her own effort, that was
not merely ten or twenty years of practice. Kirito could only
continue crossing swords with Fanatio right now because he, too,
was a user of the rare consecutive hit skills, the Aincrad style. If
this was any other swordsman, they would probably have been
prostrated on the ground, unable to take even one step within the
blade's range.
224

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Hence, Kirito might be the first opponent Fanatio faced who could
go up against all of her thoroughly polished sword skills as well.
They might be integrity knights, but the adoration of the beauty
and gallantry in using a single hit was evident in Eldrie's and
Deusolbert's fighting styles. As such, it was doubtful that Fanatio
had displayed her consecutive hit skills in practice with a knight
as her partner. She had trained by herself for a long, long time,
with no-one but an imaginary shadow; a fellow consecutive hit
skill user then appeared, taking the form of an entity named
Kirito.
As Eugeo looked on at the pair's superhuman confrontation, his
entire body was covered in goose bumps without him noticing it
as tears spread from his eyes.
Ever since Kirito began teaching him the Aincrad style, the
ultimate battle he visualized in his mind was now being carried
out in reality here. It carried not the beauty of a style that
continued seeking for vanity, but a raucous beauty acquired
purely as the result of seeking to cut one's enemy down.
Fanatio's five consecutive thrusts took on Kirito's five consecutive
slashes in succession and the respective swords, strongly
deflected away, swung down as the pair screamed out their
resolve.
"Ryaaaa!"
"Seaaaa!"
Even Eugeo, lying on the ground far away, could feel the heat from
the shockwave caused by the clashing swords on his skin. Kirito's
and Fanatio's black hair violently fluttered, their swords rasped,
and the pair switched positions.
Eugeo lost his breath for a moment when Fanatio's bare face
finally entered his vision.
225

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

It was a pure, beautiful face; one that made him think how a holy
woman from the world of fairy-tales would look like if they truly
existed. She could be in her mid-twenties at most erring towards
the higher side, with her silky skin the shade of black tea with
plenty of milk added in. Both her arc-shaped eyebrows and long
eyelashes were black, but her eyes were mostly a gold tinged
copper-red. Her appearance showed that she was probably born
in the eastern region and her nose bridge was moderately high.
Her jawline had a tinge of roundedness as well, bringing forth a
remarkably gentle elegance. And her petite lips were a very mild
red.
The murderous anger from just a little earlier was no longer on
the female knight's face. Something like resignation, bottling up a
certain sort of sorrow, could be felt in its place.
"—I see now."
Fanatio murmured in her bewitching voice with the swords
crossed.
"Criminal, it appears you are a little different from those who
picked a fight with me. There haven't been any men able to try
and kill me this seriously once they saw this abominable
countenance until now."
"Abominable—huh. Then for whose sake are you combing that
hair and tingeing those lips red?"
Kirito's question was as provocative as usual, but Fanatio only
showed slight signs of a cynical smile, answering quietly.
"I have already waited more than a hundred years for the man I
love to request more from me, than sword techniques and
severed heads... it is only natural to be in the mood for some
cosmetics after aching for him so long under that steel mask and

226

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

then ending up playing second fiddle to a new female knight, with
a face more beautiful than myself and freely flaunting it."
A strong knight more beautiful than even Fanatio. And female too.
It was only after Eugeo shivered upon thinking how such an
opponent still remained above in this tower, that he realized he
had an idea who the integrity knight fitting those conditions was.
Not wearing a helmet, becoming a knight only in recent years,
someone who knocked Eugeo down in a single hit at godlike
speed—Alice Synthesis Thirty.
Kirito should be pondering over one thing or another at Fanatio's
words as well, but he revealed not a single atom of it as he
questioned further.
"—What's the most important thing to you? If integrity knights
exist purely to serve the highest minister's commands, you
wouldn't even require a heart capable of worrying over love or
jealousy. I do not know who that man is, but if you’ve had an
unrequited love on him for over a hundred years... that would
mean you're human. It's because you're human, just like me. I'm
fighting to overthrow the church and highest minister, to enable
humans like you to love and live normally!"
Even Eugeo was deeply surprised by those words. He never knew
Kirito, who always seemed aloof, thought about such things in his
mind. But at the same time, Eugeo also noticed somewhere in his
partner's voice there was an echo, as if troubled over some sort of
contradiction.
Fanatio's face distorted once again, though only for a fleeting
instant.
Looking at a deep valley carved into her smooth forehead, he
thought the «piety module» would emerge like in Eldrie's case,

227

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

but the visible changes to the second among the knights ended
there.
"...Child, you do not understand. If the church's authority was lost,
who knows what sort of hell this world would be thrust into... The
army of the Dark Territory strengthen their forces day after day,
clamoring beyond the mountain range at the end that seals them
away. Aah... I will admit it, you are strong. And neither underlings
of darkness nor malicious intruders, as the Chief Elder mentioned,
it seems. However, that does not change the fact that you are of
extreme danger. To be able to sway the church and integrity
knights with not just that sword, but your words as well... Before
the greatest duty granted upon us integrity knights, to protect the
Human World and its inhabitants, my love is merely... it's not even
worth harvesting, equivalent to the chaff of wheat."
The Heaven Piercing Sword and the black sword crossed between
the pair continued emitting a grinding sound that seemed to
reach its limit, even while Fanatio talked with a grave expression,
as if stating her resolution. It was clear that either of them could
be sent flying if they lessened their strength by the slightest
amount.
No, the two swords should still be losing their Life in the
meantime. If the swords remained locked, the first one to run out
of Life would be the Heaven Piercing Sword. After all, if their
status as sacred instruments were on the same level, the one with
more Life would simply be the thicker and heavier one.
There was no chance Fanatio had not noticed that. And how she
would be mercilessly slashed dead by Kirito the moment her
sword gets propelled backwards and creates an opening.
"Hence—I need to defeat you. Even if I have to trample upon my
pride as a knight. Sneer at me for winning with such an unsightly
skill. You possess the right to do so."
228

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

After softly declaring all of that, Fanatio continued and shouted.
"Light hidden within the Heaven Piercing Sword, it is now the
time to release yourself from your shackles!! —Release
recollection!!"
This art ritual—is the art to release its memories!!
The silver blade shone brighter than it ever had.
After that.
Shupaa! Several rays of light were released in a radial pattern
from the sword tip with that noise.
Eugeo instinctively thought it was meant to blind. To momentarily
rob Kirito's sight and break his posture before cutting him down.
However, that verdict was utterly extinguished when one of the
light rays shot by the Heaven Piercing Sword in all directions hit
the floor right beside Eugeo, burying deeply into the marble.
It wasn't meant to blind—none of that light was!
Kirito!! Eugeo couldn't bear but to lift his upper body as he
screamed in his heart. When he focused his eyes, he saw the light
rays fired at point-blank range just about to pierce through
Kirito's right arm. That wasn't all, he could already spot evidence
of deep black penetration marks in his left shoulder and right
thigh.
And Kirito wasn't the only one struck by the ultra-hot light on his
body.
The master of the Heaven Piercing Sword, too, had unsightly holes
bored through the armor on her abdomen, shoulder, and both
legs. The depth of her injuries were worse than Kirito's. Still, that

229

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

expression filled with resolve that showed on her lovely face
didn't stir a single bit.
Integrity Knight Fanatio Synthesis Two planned to blow away her
own Life as well, with Kirito as her companion.
The words from the previous highest minister, Cardinal, replayed
in his mind. The ritual phrase, «release recollection», awakens all
of the weapon's memories, releasing its rampaging power. A
power capable of annihilating one's life that swallowed up not
only the enemy, but yourself as well.
The released Heaven Piercing Sword gave almost fatal wounds to
the pair from point-blank range, with considerable damage to the
surrounding four as well, in its initial barrage. The divine
ornaments in the grand cloister were not outside its reach either
and were brutally torched, while the expensive glass windows
shattered in succession. There were hardly any rays of light that
flew all the way to Eugeo and the two paralyzed girls, collapsed
nearby, but still, they would suffer a direct hit sooner or later.
No matter how much light it emitted, the sacred instrument
tempered from a thousand panes of mirrors showed absolutely
no sign of falling into silence. The sword point gleamed at
intervals of roughly one second, firing short rays of light without
taking any care to aim. Half were fired towards the empty skies,
scorching only the walls, pillars, and ceiling, but quite a number
among the other half reached out at a lower angle and were
amassed by the pair's bodies within point-blank range, naturally
enough.
Unable to remove his sword, Kirito could only shift his head as
much as he could to narrowly avoid the light bent on piercing his
forehead. The light went for Fanatio's face next, but the integrity
knight didn't make the slightest movement. The light rays grazed
her cheeks, burning dark-red grooves into her unblemished,
230

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

smooth skin and burning away a considerable amount of her
abundant black hair in an instant.
"You... damned idiot!!"
Kirito cried out with a desperate expression. Drops of fresh blood
scattered from his mouth along with it. Eugeo could easily
imagine how taking that many light rays to his body would leave
Kirito on the verge of exhausting his Life, regardless of how much
he might have. But the black-clothed swordsman stubbornly
refused to fall, even sliding his sword over the origin of the light
rays, the tip of the Heaven Piercing Sword, covering it with the
black sword's flat.
As a result, it might just be a temporary deferment, but all of the
light fired towards Kirito and Fanatio ended up being obstructed
by the black sword.
Now—now or never!
Kirito didn't signal for it, but Eugeo knew the time had definitely
come through both his rationality and intuition.
Fanatio was naturally engaged, while the four knights under her
were desperately guarding from the light as well, using their great
swords as shields, with hardly any composure to care about the
remaining criminal. There was no one capable of stopping Eugeo's
full control art that would leave him wide open during its
activation if he used it at this moment.
Springing up with an intense force, Eugeo drew out the Blue Rose
Sword that he had been gripping onto the entire time in a single
stroke.
"Enhance......"

231

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Spinning it in midair, switching it to an underhand grip, he
supported the grip with his left hand as well and thrust it into the
marble floor with all the strength he could muster.
"—Armament!!"
Close to half of the pale-blue blade sunk deep into the floor.
Bashiiii!! Accompanied by a sharp, explosive noise, the marble
floor was instantaneously covered in a pure-white frost.
As crystalline icicles pointedly stabbed upwards, a frigid wave
burst forth at a breakneck speed.
Approximately five seconds after activation, the frigid wave with
a breadth close to ten mel engulfed Kirito and Fanatio, along with
the four knights, at their feet.
It appeared the four knights finally noticed the strange
phenomenon with that. The faces covered by their helmets jerked
and turned to look at him.
But it was too late.
While Eugeo put all the strength he had into his two hands, he
shouted out loud.
"Bloom—Blue Roseee!!"
Countless pale blue icy tendrils grew upwards in an instant,
towards the four knights, Fanatio, and Kirito from their feet.
Each tendril was only as thick as a pinky finger. But all of them
grew prickly thorns, densely packed together, firmly digging into
their prey's legs.
"Nhn..."
"Wh-What!?"
232

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The knights collectively cried out. Innumerous icy tendrils had
already crept up to their waists and abdomens along their legs.
There were some who belatedly attempted to prune away the
tendrils with their great swords, but the tendrils wrapped around
the blades repeatedly upon contact, shackling them onto the floor.
The knights assailed by the tendrils, from their chests to their
heads, even down to their fingertips, were frozen into ice
sculptures incapable of the slightest movement. Eventually, from
the tendrils that obstinately entwined around their quarry while
letting out sharp 'kin' noises blossomed a limitless number of
large roses, colored in a profound blue and preceded by the
reverberation of an exceptionally lucid chime.
Naturally, all of that was cold ice. No honey or fragrance was
produced by their solid and transparent petals, but in their place,
the roses began emanating a white chill. The air within the entire
cloister was shrouded in a thick mist at once, glittering and
sparkling. The source of the chill—was the captured knights'
Lives.
The speed of reduction was exceedingly gradual, but they could
not muster the strength necessary to break their bonds while the
ice roses leeched Life from the entirety of their bodies. In the first
place, this art ritual wasn't meant for killing enemies. Eugeo
decided on the art's nature solely for the goal of retarding
Integrity Knight Alice's movement.
The four knights were rendered completely powerless, but as
expected of the one who managed them, it appeared Knight
Fanatio saw through the skill's nature in the moment the tendrils
broke through the frost and jumped into the air in a bid to escape.
However, Kirito, who knew of Eugeo's art, reacted slightly
quicker. Having jumped up high in anticipation of Fanatio, Kirito
used the swordswoman's spaulder as a stepping stone of all
233

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

things and escaped further into the air. Somersaulting towards
the back while scattering fresh blood, he escaped the ice tendrils.
His sacrifice was driven onto the ground; tendrils wrapping
themselves around Fanatio's entire body as she fell onto a knee.
"Kuh...!"
Perhaps due to the break in her concentration, the rays of light
indiscriminately fired from the Heaven Piercing Sword ended
after shredding several tendrils, sinking into silence. Thin tendrils
rapidly twined around the desolated damaged armor, encasing it
within thick ice.

234

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

235

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The last of the blue roses that opened up from Fanatio's feet
bloomed in all its glory atop the scar carved on her cheek. The
second integrity knight completely ceased motion along with the
sacred instrument.
In spite of the harsh injuries over his whole body, Kirito
somersaulted backwards multiple times in succession and broke
away from the ice tendrils, then failed on his final landing and fell
with a thud beside Eugeo.
"Gufh..."
A choked voice escaped from the depths of his throat and a large
quantity of fresh blood immediately sprayed out. Watching as that
froze at once into a deep-crimson frost, Eugeo unconsciously
cried out.
"Kirito... wait a moment, I'll chant a healing...!"
"No, don't stop the skill!"
Even while he was on the verge of losing consciousness from
blood loss, Kirito still scowled with a gleam in his eyes and shook
his head.
"That person won't fall from just this much..."
While a thread of blood flowed near his lips, he propped his body
full of wounds up with the black sword.
Kirito wiped at his mouth with his left hand and shut his eyelids
for a while to regulate his breathing, before his two eyes flared
open and he raised the black sword up high.
"System... call!!"

236

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The art ritual following the opening line that strained his
willpower was chanted at an astounding speed, considering his
physical status.
Wheezes interweaved with blood pervaded the gaps between
each verse and florid sprays scattered from his lips at times, but
still, Kirito continued to recite the art ritual that exceeded ten
lines without getting stuck a single time.
Looking from up close, countless scars were carved into Kirito's
body, an image so gory it caused him to shiver. The Heaven
Piercing Sword's light had pierced his well-trained body several
times, charring his wounds black. There wasn't much bleeding, a
small consolation, but the various injuries evidently reached his
internal organs. Kirito's Life should be decreasing quicker than
the knights still captured by the ice roses, his life in danger
without immediate medical care.
However, Eugeo could not let his hands go from the Blue Rose
Sword's grip in order to maintain its full control art. It would
provide some relief if Kirito would use a healing art on himself,
but it appeared his partner who continued chanting while looking
ghastly had absolutely no intention of doing that.
There was no need to be in such a rush, the knights ensnared in
the ice cage wouldn't break out so easily—
It was when Eugeo thought this that his sight returned to the
knights in front once more.
A streak of white light emerged from the center of the fully
bloomed ice roses and stabbed into the wall. Eugeo could only let
out a short gasp from the overwhelming shock.
"Eeh..."

237

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The source of the light was Knight Fanatio, who should have been
fully enveloped by the layers of ice tendrils and with her
movement completely sealed.
The armament full control art didn't exactly allow completely free
usage after finishing its chant. Handling the weapon with its
offensive ability amplified required a high degree of mental focus
from the user. Eugeo, too, had to keep a tight grip on the hilt of the
sword pierced into the floor and maintain the image of
abundantly blossoming ice roses if he didn't want the knights to
escape their shackles.
After fully controlling the Heaven Piercing Sword, Knight Fanatio
had shot countless rays of light, gone through an ultra-high speed
sword fight with Kirito, and in the end executed its grand
technique of an unrestrained and indiscriminate light ray barrage,
dealing almost fatal wounds even to herself. Her mental
concentration should have been sapped and been released from
the state of controlling the Heaven Piercing Sword—or so Eugeo
thought.
However.
Completely encased in ice, Fanatio had raised the slender sword
up high with her right arm, and was slowly moving it with
crackling noises coming from the ice. The visage of the knight's
spirit rising from her slim body, like a swaying heat haze, was
clearly reflected in Eugeo's wide opened eyes.
"Kuh...!"
Biting his lips, Eugeo forced more strength into the two hands
gripping the handle. Guided by his mental image, close to ten
budding ice tendrils reached out towards Fanatio from around
her. The tendrils whipped at Fanatio's right arm and twined about
it in the same motion, without leaving any gaps, and stopped her
movement.
238

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

But that only lasted for a brief second.
With virtually no care for the thorns stinging her, the integrity
knight forced her right hand down. Nearly half of the blue tendrils
snapped, sparkling as their pieces scattered.
A chill colder than ice covered Eugeo from the back.
—Is she truly human?
Kirito's willpower, as he continued his high speed chant while
coughing up blood, was absurd as well, but the swordswoman
took the cake. She would not fall despite the many perforations
over her entire body from the light rays' indiscriminate attacks
and the merciless Life absorption by the ice roses—on the
contrary, she was continuously pulling apart those ice shackles
that rendered her four subordinate knights utterly motionless
with the strength of her right arm alone.
Eugeo stared in terror at the Heaven Piercing Sword gripped in
the knight's right hand as it seemed to gradually adjust its angle
towards the two of them.
Exactly what endowed Fanatio with this much power?
Her obligation to protect the law as an integrity knight? Her love
towards some man that she carried for over a hundred years? Or
perhaps, those words that came from the woman's mouth
earlier...?
Fanatio said that the Human World would likely be overrun by
the Dark Territory's armies if it lost the might of the Axiom
Church.
Thus, that meant that even if she was hurt in the process, that
woman was willing to fight to protect the masses of the Human
World—those who should have been looked down upon, held in
239

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

contempt, and taken advantage of by existences like her, whether
they were higher class nobles or livestock.
However, that was impossible. Integrity knights were minions
under that highest minister, Administrator, who arrested the
young Alice and transformed her into a different individual by
robbing her memories. A detestable enemy. Eugeo's mind had
established them thusly, and he climbed the cathedral,
determined to take their lives should the need arise.
Despite that, how could he even consider this true—how could he
seriously consider this integrity knight as an agent of justice?
"You... the whole lot of you don't deserve to uphold justice!!"
Eugeo gave a stifled scream and poured all of the hostility he
could scrape together from the depths of his heart into the Blue
Rose Sword.
Once again, numerous ice tendrils leapt out around Fanatio, their
tips turning into sharp thorns and piercing into the knight's right
arm one after another.
"Stop... stop moving!!"
Despite how overwhelming hatred should be whirling within his
heart, for some reason, something spilled out from Eugeo's eyes.
However, he could never concede those were tears. Eugeo
couldn't let his heart be moved by Fanatio's figure as her right
arm stupidly refused to stop even while pierced by the ice thorns,
embodiments of Eugeo's outrage and resentment.
The integrity knight's arm was battered. Snapped thorns were
stuck in it like a pincushion, her blood quickly trickling down and
turning into dangling red icicles.

240

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

But in the end, the arm's movement did not stop, and it adjusted
the Heaven Piercing Sword held aloft from vertical to horizontal,
training its sharp point onto Eugeo and Kirito.
Eugeo saw the silver blade bathed in a radiance, more dazzling
than ever before, through the tears that blurred his sight.
It shone so brightly that he could only believe Fanatio was
spending the rest of her remaining Life on it. Eugeo's moist,
squinted eyes gazed upon the pure-white radiance that felt like
the Sun Goddess Solus had descended into this grand cloister.
—I can't win. I can't win against her as I currently am.
Gazing at the ice roses that crudely crumbled simply by being
exposed to the white light, Eugeo gently took a breath.
He, however, had no plans to gallantly close his eyes and wait for
the light to take his life. He absolutely couldn't accept yielding to
Fanatio's «justice» in such a manner.
At the very least, he wished to display his obstinacy by having one
last rose blossom. It was when he tried to scrape together the
dregs of hatred still remaining in the depths of his heart,
determinedly, that it happened.
Kirito softly muttered by his side, apparently having finished
chanting the art ritual.
"You can't beat her with hatred, Eugeo."
"Eh..."
Upon turning his head, his partner continued with a slight smile
visible on his bloodstained lips.
"You didn't get this far because you hated integrity knights, right?
You wanted to take Alice back, you wanted to meet her again...
241

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

you're here because you love Alice, right? That feeling definitely
won't lose to her justice. I'm the same... I want to protect the
people in this world; I want to protect you and Alice and even her
over there. So there's no way we can lose to her now... isn't that
right, Eugeo?"
Kirito's voice was calm despite the desperate situation. The blackclothed swordsman with many mysteries surrounding him
nodded once more with a smile and looked forward.
That was the exact moment the Heaven Piercing Sword fired what
was likely its final and greatest beam of light.
It was a gigantic spear of light, large enough to fit all of the light
rays it had fired so far within it and more. It was like the Holy
Spiritual Light, personally thrown by the goddess, Solus, to drive
away the Darkness God Vector during the world's creation, had
descended to incinerate all that exists.
Kirito's black eyes flared wide open and were gleaming with
overwhelming resolve. His voice that recited the final verse was
filled with an unwavering determination befitting the dire
circumstances.
"Enhance armament!!"
Facing straight ahead, the blade of the black sword pulsed.
Immediately after, strands of darkness flowed out from all over
the blade.
The pitch-black torrent that seemed to suck in all light rippled,
twisted, and entangled around itself. They became a spear, thick
enough to wrap one's arms around, in an instant and increasingly
pushed forward.
Upon straining his eyes, it seemed only the sharpened tip was
solidly materialized, taking on an obsidian-like gleam. He could
242

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

recall that texture. The gigantic tree Eugeo swung an axe at, day
after day. The «demonic tree» from which that black sword
originated—the Gigas Cedar.
The moment he recognized it, Eugeo understood the true form
behind the full control art Kirito activated.
He had awoken the memories sleeping within the black sword
through the art ritual and projected into this location the
appearance it could once boast of, that of the gigantic tree that
refused to be hacked down over hundreds of years. Of course, its
shape and size had not remained the same as it was then, but its
essence was exactly the same.
Tough, sharp, and an overwhelming mass.
Its very existence was worthy of becoming an ultimate weapon.
Eugeo's heart pounded hard. Immediately—
The huge, pitch-black spear's tip made contact with the huge
spear that was the gathered light of Solus. The explosive
shockwave intensely shook the entire grand cloister... possibly the
entire Central Cathedral itself.
Perhaps even the giant tree was oppressed by the heat and
intensity of the light that went beyond imagination, for it lost its
momentum in charging forward. But endless darkness continued
to stream from the black sword in Kirito's hands, trying to spur
the spear forward, even to the bitter end.

243

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

244

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

It appeared the Heaven Piercing Sword, held in Fanatio's hand,
had no intention of resigning either. The rampaging torrent of
light strengthened with each second, the ice roses covering the
knight had already completely melted away due to its heat. That
might have been an understatement; the gauntlet covering the
knight's right arm appeared to be glowing bright red with white
smoke rising from it.
The clash between light and darkness continued for a while in the
center of the grand cloister.
However, it was doubtful a competition between powers of such
extreme levels would end with them perfectly offsetting each
other and vanishing. It was certain that one side would drive back
the other and thoroughly annihilate its enemy.
The one at a disadvantage in this match—was Kirito?
Sure, the Gigas Cedar was tough, but in the end, it was still a tree,
a tangible existence. As the original had eventually been chopped
down after hacking at it time after time, this, too, would be
extinguished after getting damaged beyond its limits.
However, the Heaven Piercing Sword's light was a mass of pure
heat. How exactly could an intangible assault be snuffed out?
Supposing countermeasures exist, it would be either to use a
mirror to deflect it like Kirito had once succeeded with, or
neutralizing it with an absolute frost, stronger than what the Blue
Rose Sword had brought forth; a power with a special trait
capable of opposing it should be necessary. However, listing
through the Gigas Cedar's properties would result in two: its
absurd toughness and its weight—
No, there was one more.
Greedily absorbing Solus's light and turning it into its own energy.
245

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Fanatio's spear of light was abruptly ripped into over a thousand
streams.
The balance broken, the one to charge forth once again was the
essence of Kirito's giant tree in the color of darkness.
The tip was red-hot to the point of being blinding, but still, it
gouged and shredded through the light without yielding to its
pressure, proceeding towards the source.
The light, split out in a radial pattern, pierced everywhere in the
grand cloister, causing countless small explosions as they melted
the ice tendrils. The four knights stuck onto the floor were blasted
into the air one after another.
Even as Integrity Knight Fanatio looked upon the huge, pitchblack spear drawing close like a tempest, she didn't take a single
step. It appeared that all the anger and hatred had already
become absent from her beautiful face. Her eyelids gently closed
and her mouth moved slightly. Some sort of emotion must have
been the root of that, but Eugeo had no guess for what it was.
The giant tree's thorny tip finally ground its way to the light's
origin and collided with the Heaven Piercing Sword's sharp point.
First, the slender sword of white silver contorted as it was flicked
away, glittering as it spun in the air.
Immediately following that, the knight herself was thrown into
the air by a tremendous impact.
Fragments of the purple armor scattered as she was swept
straight into the ceiling, smashing the wall mural that took the
world's creation as its theme into small pieces.
Her descent was slow. Along with countless marble fragments,
Fanatio's body fell as though there were strings attached to it,
falling directly in front of the large doors at the rear of the grand
246

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

cloister with a dull crash. And the second integrity knight stood
no more.
The pitch-black spear gently lost its corporeality and began to be
absorbed back into the black sword Kirito held, like a stream of
shadows. When Eugeo took a look, it appeared the sword itself
had become somewhat enlarged like during that one battle with
Raios, but it returned to its original size once all of the darkness
was once again within the sword.
Eugeo turned back forward and gazed mutely over the debris left
from the fierce battle.
The spotless marble floor and walls were melted and broken here
and there, mere shadows of their former selves. The floor at the
heart of the brawl between the huge spears of darkness and light
in particular, had a broad and deep trench channeled through it; it
was weird how it hadn't broken through to the floor below.
The fact that two people alone brought about this much
destruction to the Central Cathedral's fiftieth floor, the «Grand
Cloister of Spiritual Light», not to mention that they were just
swordsmen studying at the Sword Mastery Academy only two
mere days ago, would not be believed by anyone aside from those
present.
—But we really did it.
Eugeo muttered in his inner thought. We've fought five of the
integrity knights, those who maintained an unconditional rule
over this world of humans since its creation, and we have won.
Counting from Eldrie onwards, this would make it nine integrity
knights we've driven off. According to Cardinal's words, there are
twelve knights stationed within the cathedral, so there's three
left. In other words, if we defeat just a few more knights...
It was roughly at the same time as Eugeo clenched his teeth.
247

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito collapsed onto his knees beside him. The black sword fell
from his right hand with a flat clang.
Tearing his hands from the Blue Rose Sword stabbed into the
floor in a panic, Eugeo's torso lurched forward and he propped his
partner up.
"Kirito!"
The body he held back was astonishingly light and the extent of
the blood and Life flowing out was undeniable. The skin was
whiter than marble and there was no sign of those shut eyelids
lifting. Scanning his eyes over the entire body, he held his hand
over the wound that seemed the deepest, the one at the flank.
"System Call! Generate luminous element!"
Gathering the three generated luminous elements on the wound,
he next converted them into healing power through an art ritual.
He released his hand just as the charred wound began to close, bit
by bit, and carried out the same treatment on the wound at the
left shoulder. Normally, catalysts such as «sacred flower orbs»
were necessary for generating luminous elements which
consumed much sacred power from the surrounding area, but
they weren't now. Sufficient Life extracted from the five knights
by the Blue Rose Sword had transformed into sacred power and
had accumulated in the air.
The continuous reduction of Life should halted with the worst
wound healed, but Eugeo couldn't use any luminous-type sacred
arts capable of recovering Life of someone who lost much of
theirs. He grasped Kirito's right hand with his left without any
hesitation and chanted a new art ritual.
"System call! Transfer human unit durability, self to left!!"
Beads of indistinct blue light covered Eugeo's entire body this
time around and they immediately gathered at his left hand, then
248

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

streamed into Kirito's body. This art which allowed for Life
transfer between humans had a huge effect despite the art ritual's
simplicity.
Thinking back upon it, Kirito was the one who had suffered heavy
injuries while Eugeo had barely lost any Life, both during the
battle against Deusolbert and this time as well. He couldn't
possibly pay it all back unless he handed over his Life to the brink
of collapsing.
Or so Eugeo thought, but when he felt roughly half of his Life had
finally flowed out, Kirito fuzzily opened his eyes and gripped
Eugeo's hand with his left, pulling it away from himself.
"...Thanks, Eugeo, I'm alright now."
"Don't force yourself, there should be some injuries hidden from
plain sight left over after you went through all that."
"It's way better than that time those goblins came at us; I'm more
worried about that person..."
Finding the Knight Fanatio, fallen on the opposite side of the
cloister, at the end of where those black eyes stared, Eugeo
unconsciously bit his lips.
"...Kirito... That woman... tried to kill you..."
The moment he said that, what Kirito had said immediately
before he activated his full control art resounded deep within his
ears. Looking downwards, he continued in a whisper.
"Can't beat her with hatred... that was what you said earlier,
wasn't it? Yes, that might have been true. I wasn't fighting that
integrity knight due to some personal grudge or hatred directed
at her, that certainly wasn't my reasoning for fighting... But... But I
really can't find it within myself to forgive the integrity knights.
It's not just their ridiculous strength, if they had that resolve... if
249

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

they possessed the heart to protect everyone living in the Human
World, then why can't they use that power and..."
Eugeo faltered, unable to speak any further. However, Kirito, who
staggered up and picked his black sword from the floor, nodded
as though he understood.
"I'm pretty sure those guys are stuck with their own doubts. If we
meet with that Knight Commander person, we might find out
more about that... Eugeo, your full control art was amazing. You're
the one who beat those knights. So there's no need for you to aim
your hatred at those humans, Fanatio and those knights in the
«Four Oscillation Blades», any longer..."
"Humans... Yeah... you're right. I understood that much when I
fought them. She's human; that's why she was so strong."
When Eugeo muttered that, Kirito let out a slight laugh and
agreed.
"Those guys might say that they're truly the good guys, and they
might truly be the bad guys in your eyes, but they're living
humans just like us. Deciding who's truly good or bad like that is
impossible for humans, I'm sure."
Those words sounded like he was voicing them so that he could
also believe in them; a thought suddenly came to Eugeo.
—Kirito. Don't you think that would apply to the one whom you
got so angry over earlier as well, the highest minister,
Administrator... the one with an ironclad rule over the Axiom
Church and consequently, the world?
But before he could ask, Kirito had already started to walk
towards Fanatio who lay fallen before the grand doors.
He took five, six steps before pivoting back and retrieving a small
bottle after searching in his pocket.
250

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Oops, forgot about this. Get rid of the kids' poison with this,
please. Be sure to break those venomous swords and check if
they're holding onto anything else strange before you make them
drink it."
Thinking about how he had forgotten about them as well, Eugeo
caught the small bottle Kirito tossed and nodded.
After standing up, pulling the Blue Rose Sword from the floor, and
turning around, the young female knights, Fizel and Linel, were in
the same condition, lying on the floor, paralyzed. The frost
covering the surroundings had already vanished and it didn't
seem they had suffered any injuries from the ice tendrils or light
rays.
The moment their eyes met with Eugeo approaching them, the
girls sulked by averting their eyeballs which were all that were
mobile.
Looks like we won't be seeing eye-to-eye in a different sense from
Fanatio's case here; he held back a sigh as he crouched down and
pulled out the two venomous swords, thrust into the floor by the
tip of their noses, with both hands. Tossing them both into the air,
he swung the Blue Rose Sword a single time as they came
spinning down.
The short swords were demolished without difficulty, turning
into specks of light and vanishing as they lost all Life before they
fell onto the floor. Sheathing his beloved sword, he squatted down
beside the pair and checked over their ascetic clothes to see if
they possessed any other weapons while apologizing with a
"sorry".
Lastly, he uncorked the small bottle and poured the seventy
percent left of its content into both of their mouths, sparing half to
each of them. With this, the pair should be able to recover from
their paralysis in a little less than ten minutes like Eugeo.
251

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

It would be fine leaving them alone like this, but Eugeo then
thought, "What would Kirito say in a situation like this?", and
thus, opened his mouth after thinking for a short bit.
"...Fanatio and Kirito are that strong because they have their
sacred instruments and armament full control arts... that might be
what the two of you think, being who you are, but that's wrong.
Those two are much, much stronger... they could fight on even
when hurt that badly not through their skills or weapons, but
through their heart and mind; that's also why they can use such
amazing art rituals. True, the two of you may be experienced with
techniques for murdering humans. But killing and winning are
completely different matters. I didn't notice that until today as
well, though..."
Eugeo had absolutely no idea how much of his own words
reached them as they kept their eyes averted as usual. In the first
place, he wasn't very good at dealing with children.
But still, at the very least, the pair should have felt something
after watching that battle as well, he was sure of that. When he
recalled that innocent idle chatter from Fizel and Linel, he felt that
he could believe them to not be truly bad as well. Turning around
after a simple "see you", Eugeo ran after Kirito.
He quickly ran his eyes left and right as he moved through the
extraordinarily devastated cloister, checking on the status of the
four knights serving under Fanatio.
It appeared all of them had suffered rather deep wounds from the
spear of light that went berserk as they had all collapsed. But as
expected of integrity knights, he couldn't spot any completely
devoid of Life. Their bleeding was minor as well, so they would
likely be able to move soon enough.
However, unlike them who were only dragged into the small
explosions, Fanatio had received the entirety of the huge, rushing
252

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

spear of darkness and was clearly on the verge of losing her life,
even without looking at all that blood spilled in a large area
around the fallen woman.
Coming to a standstill near Kirito who knelt on a knee by the
knight's side, Eugeo silenced his breath as he peeked in over his
partner's shoulders.
Looking at them up close, the wounds all over Fanatio's body
were so horrifying, he wanted to turn his eyes away. Her torso
and legs had holes pierced by heat rays in four spots, while her
right arm was torn by the ice roses' thorns and on top of that,
scorched by the aftermath of the Heaven Piercing Sword's final
attack, leaving practically no place unhurt.
However, as expected, what appeared to be the most terrible was
the wound on her upper abdomen that had suffered a direct hit
from the Gigas Cedar. There was a gaping cavity, as deep and
large as an adult-sized fist, with fresh blood flowing incessantly.
The face with her eyelids shut had changed into a faint bluishpurple, like her armor's color had made its way there, and not
even a trace of vitality could be spotted.
Kirito was in the process of trying out sacred arts to mend the
wound as he held his hands over Fanatio's abdomen. The Stacia
Window likely wasn't open because looking at her Life served no
purpose at the moment. Noticing Eugeo approaching, he kept his
face down and spoke with urgency in his tone.
"Help me out here, the blood won't stop."
"Ah... yeah."
Nodding and getting down on his knees opposite, he put his hands
to the same wound. After he chanted the same luminous-type
healing art as the one he had used on Kirito earlier, the blood

253

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

flowing from the wound seemed to have reduced somewhat, but
the goal of sealing it was still far off.
It was evident the surrounding sacred power would soon be
exhausted and the both of them would be unable to generate
luminous elements even if they persisted in the healing. Fanatio
would probably recover some Life temporarily if they transferred
theirs, but that was useless in the end if the blood loss wasn't
stemmed. As it was, saving the woman's life would require
assistance from a sacred art user capable of stronger healing arts
than the pair, or a legendary elixir.
Firmly biting his lips as he quietly stared at Kirito's face, Eugeo
spoke after a moment of hesitation.
"It's impossible, Kirito. She's losing too much blood."
Kirito kept his eyes cast down for a while, but soon answered in a
hoarse voice.
"I know... but if I don't give up on thinking, there... there should be
some kind of way to get through this. Eugeo, I'm begging you,
please think about it too."
That expression was filled with a sense of powerlessness, much
like when he was unable to prevent that malicious act on their
valet trainees, Ronye and Tiezé, two days ago; Eugeo felt a
prickling sensation in his chest.
However, no matter how much he thought, it was still obvious
that there was no method to call back the life now fading away
before his very eyes. The thought of healing the four knights fallen
behind and having them help with the treatment flashed through
his mind, but they definitely didn't have the time to afford
carrying out such an oblique method. Fanatio's Life would likely
be lost for all eternity in the seconds after either Kirito or Eugeo

254

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

stopped their healing arts. And even if they continued with
them—the same conclusion would arrive several minutes later.
Eugeo made up his mind and informed his partner in the most
solemn voice he could muster.
"Kirito. —You told me this when we escaped from the
underground jail, didn't you? That I would need to be prepared to
cut down any enemy if I were to go any further. Weren't you
fighting this person on the basis of that resolve earlier? Didn't you
use that skill determined to have one of you die with the other
living on? At the very least, this person... Fanatio-san did not
hesitate. Her expression showed that she put her entire life on the
line... that's what I believe. You should understand that too,
Kirito... it wasn't at a stage where you could win while worrying
about your enemies or going easy on them."
That was what turning not a wooden sword, but a real sword
towards an opponent meant in the end. Eugeo had learnt that
through his trembling hands, the sharp pain in his right eye, and
the icy terror deep in his chest when he sliced off Humbert's arm.
That said, he had always believed this black-haired partner of his
had understood that long ago—from before they met in the forest
south of Rulid.
Upon hearing Eugeo's voice, Kirito gnashed his teeth together and
endlessly shook his head left and right.
"I understand... I have to understand. Both this person and I
fought seriously... a close, earnest fight where either of us could
have won. But... this person will disappear if she dies! She has
lived over a hundred years... in hesitation, in love, in pain; I can't
just let a soul like that vanish... I mean... even if I die..."
Even if he dies—what was he trying to imply? All humans will
have their souls brought before the goddess of life, Stacia, when
255

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

they exhaust their Life, and vanish from the Human World. As
long as Kirito, despite his many mysteries, was a human, that
should apply to him as well.
Eugeo momentarily became bewildered, but that was erased as
Kirito looked straight up and yelled without warning.
"Can you hear me?! Knight Commander! Your deputy's going to
die here! Or that elder person's fine too! If you can hear me, come
down here and help!!"
His scream echoed softly from the high ceiling far above and
vanished in vain. However, Kirito did not give up and continued
shouting.
"Anyone's fine... there's still some of you integrity knights around,
aren't there?! Come and help your ally! I don't care whether
you're a minister or an ascetic... just get your butt over here!!"
There was no response from above, but silence from the
likenesses of the three goddesses, broken beyond recognition. Not
even a gentle breeze descended upon them, let alone the presence
of another being.
When they looked back down, the hue of Fanatio's hair and skin
were becoming unmistakably more pallid. Her remaining Life was
a hundred, or perhaps fifty—Eugeo, who wanted to send off the
deputy leader of the integrity knights, Fanatio Synthesis Two,
departing for the Celestial World with at least a silent prayer,
tried to persuade Kirito otherwise, but he did not cease his
screams.
"I'm begging you... someone! Help us out if you're watching!
...That's right, come here, Cardinal! Cardinal..."
Kirito sank into silence as though something had blocked his
throat all of a sudden.
256

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Eugeo looked up and watched his partner's face in shock, as it
first showed a surprised expression, then a moment of hesitation
before it turned into determination.
"H-Hey... what is it all of a sudden?"
However, Kirito thrust his right hand into his coat breast without
replying.
What he took out—swaying on the end of a slender chain, was a
small steel dagger.
"Kirito—! That's-!!"
Eugeo instinctively shouted.
The same dagger dangled around Eugeo's neck. He couldn't
possibly have forgotten about it; it was the dagger that Cardinal,
the previous highest minister before she was banished, had given
them before they left the Great Library Room. It possessed
absolutely no offensive ability, but it connected the one stabbed
by it temporarily to Cardinal's domain. She had handed them
over, with Eugeo's meant for Alice and Kirito's meant for
Administrator, to function as a trump card for the duo.
"You can't, Kirito! Cardinal said she didn't have any more
prepared... that's supposed to be for the battle against
Administrator..."
"I know..."
Kirito groaned in a pained voice.
"But I can help her if I use this... not helping someone out even
when I have the means to do so... I just can't prioritize anything to
be higher than a human's life."

257

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

He gazed intently at the dagger with a expression, pained, yet
filled with a resolute determination—
Kirito stabbed what he was holding in his right hand into
Fanatio's left hand, the only part of her body that wasn't injured,
without any trace of hesitation.
In that instant, the entire dagger radiated a dazzling light along
with its chain.
Without even the time to swallow his breath, the dagger
disassembled into several bands of purple light. Upon study, all of
the light bands were lines of sacred letters just like those that
appeared in the Stacia Window. The intricate letters separated
from each other as they glided into the air and sank in
everywhere over Fanatio's body.
The entire integrity knight was enveloped in a purple aura along
with the complete disintegration of the dagger. Eugeo gawked at
the amazing spectacle, then noticed the bleeding from the wound
on her upper abdomen had completely ceased, somewhat
belatedly.
"Kirito—"
Eugeo tried to tell him that the bleeding had stopped, but was
interrupted by a resounding voice that immediately came out of
nowhere.
[Goodness me, what a helpless fellow you are.]
Kirito snapped his face up as though it were repelled.
"Cardinal... is that you?!"
[There's no time, don't ask the obvious.]

258

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

There was no doubt that the lovely voice and impudent obtuse
manner belonged to the previous highest minister they had
encountered in the Great Library Room.
"Cardinal... sorry, I..."
Cardinal bluntly cut off Kirito's anguished voice as he tried to talk.
[There's no point apologizing now. ...I figured it might end up this
way since I saw how you fought. I understand your
circumstances; I will handle the treatment for Fanatio Synthesis
Two. However, I will be taking her body over here as it will take
time for her to recover completely.]
The purple light wrapping around Fanatio's figure shone brightly
as the voice mentioned so. Eugeo involuntarily closed his eyes and
by the time he opened them again, the integrity knight was
already—surprisingly enough, this included the pool of blood
spread over the floor—nowhere to be seen.
Several of the fragmented sacred letters could still be seen
drifting through the air. Cardinal's voice was channelled through
them as their flickering overlapped, the volume gradually falling.
[Those bugs have already noticed, so I'll make this brief. Judging
from the situation, the possibility of Administrator still being in
her unawakened state is high at the present moment. If you reach
the highest floor before that woman awakens, you could deal with
her without using the dagger. Hurry... there aren't many integrity
knights left...]
Eugeo felt the invisible conduit that linked to the Great Library
Room's domain was rapidly closing. Cardinal's voice proceeded
into the distance and just before her presence disappeared, the
specks of light in the air flickered and fell onto the floor as they
took corporeal form.

259

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

What tumbled atop the marble with a refreshing note were two
small glass bottles.
Kirito stared at the bottles the shade of lapis lazuli as though his
energy had been sapped, but soon reached his arm out to pick
both up at the same time. Looking up, he held one between his
fingertips and offered it.
While dropping the bottle into Eugeo's outstretched palm, Kirito
murmured in a low tone.
"...Sorry for that mess, Eugeo."
"Nah... you haven't done anything worth apologizing for. It just
surprised me a little."
When he said so with a wan smile, Kirito finally showed a small
one as well. Standing up while wobbling slightly, he flicked off the
small bottle's cork.
"Seeing as she's going to the bother of sending us refreshments,
let's accept it with thanks."
Standing after his partner, Eugeo pulled the cork off the small
bottle and drank down the fluid it contained in a single gulp. He
couldn't quite call it delicious even if he were to try being polite;
he grimaced at its sourness that resembled siral water devoid of
sugar, but it felt refreshing like cold water pouring upon his
consciousness, exhausted from the lengthy battle. It seemed that
their half-depleted Lives were recovering rapidly as well, with the
remaining wounds on Kirito's limbs mending in the blink of an
eye.
"Amazing... it would have been great if she had sent a whole
bunch of these, rather than just these two while she was at it."
When Eugeo said so without thinking, Kirito shrugged his
shoulders with a cynical smile.
260

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"If they have a priority as high as this, it would probably take a
long time to convert them into da... art rituals and transfer them.
Instead, you should be looking at how fast she... uwah!?"
All of a sudden, Kirito let out an agitated voice and sprung aside,
so Eugeo stared at his partner in puzzlement.
"Wh-What is it, all of a sudden?"
"Eu-Eugeo... don't move, no, don't look down."
"Hah?"
It would be harder to not look down when told such a thing.
Instinctively looking down at his own feet, Eugeo found that
something had got there without his notice and screamed.
"Eek!?"
Its length was roughly fifteen cen. Countless slender legs stuck
out from its long and flat torso, split into minuscule segments, and
its front half was atop Eugeo's shoe. The ball-shaped tip that was
apparently its head possessed a row of over ten small, red eyes
and two terrifyingly long, needlelike horns protruded from its two
sides, slowly swaying independently of each other. It was a sort of
insect—that might have been it, but its weird appearance could
only have been described as repulsive. Insects are abundant in the
forest south of Rulid, but he had never seen one with such an
appearance before.
Eugeo froze as his mind overloaded, but the weird insect searched
its surroundings with its horns for another three seconds before it
decided to try and gently creep up his trousers from his shoe, so
he sprung up with yet another scream.
"Eek...!!"

261

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

When he violently stamped down, the insect fell off onto its back,
but it immediately spun about and rapidly crept between his legs.
Unable to stand it climbing up again, Eugeo jumped up and down
over and over again, but a particular disaster occurred upon
landing after jumping numerous times.
Following a harsh 'kusha' noise, the sensation of a lumpy and
sticky object splattering open made itself known to Eugeo's sole
while the bug was magnificently pulverized under his right shoe.
Brilliant orange bodily fluid squirted in all directions and a
pungent, offensive stench hung in the air. Eugeo got close to
losing consciousness as he saw the torn-off leg still hopping
about, but he desperately held down his fear, aware that this was
no situation to faint, and looked up at Kirito in a bid for
assistance.
When he did so, the partner with whom he was connected heartto-heart was apparently now three mel away and slowly backing
off even further.
"Hey... heey! Don't you dare run away!"
Against that shrill accusation, Kirito shook his head that had
turned blue left and right in small movements.
"Sorry, I can't really handle stuff like that."
"I can't handle them either! At all!"
"Hey, don't bugs like that usually draw in another ten or so when
one dies?"
"Don't even speak of such things!!"
Determined to share his fate with his partner even if he had to
embrace him, Eugeo crouched in preparation to hurl himself at

262

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

him, but he froze again upon a purple light abruptly shining from
under his feet.
The disgusting remains were just dispersing into beads of light
when he timidly looked down. The viscous fluid, husk, and such
vanished without a trace before seconds had even passed and
Eugeo let out a long sigh of relief from deep inside.
Apparently assured from far away that it had vanished, Kirito
finally came back after the whole affair had already been settled
and spoke out in a solemn tone.
"...So that's it. That just now was a familiar released by
Administrator to search for Cardinal. So it sniffed out the passage
to the library room..."
"......"
Eugeo scowled at Kirito with upturned eyes, showing a slight
resentment, then reluctantly replied that he understood.
"Then... that means there's a whole bunch of these creatures
prowling around this tower? But we haven't seen a single one
until now."
"Look, when we escaped into the library room from the rose
garden, there was that rustling noise from behind the door, right?
They're normally hidden away well, but that said, there's no
meaning in going around to look for them. Besides... Cardinal
mentioned something strange, didn't she... that Administrator was
unawakened, or something like that..."
"Aah, now that you bring it up... That essentially meant that she's
sleeping? She has already gone to bed despite the sun still out?"
Kirito rubbed his chin for a while at Eugeo's question and then
answered as though he didn't understand either.
263

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Cardinal also said that Administrator and the integrity knights
are overexerting themselves in various ways in exchange for
living for hundreds of years. Especially Administrator who seems
to spend most of each day sleeping, but... in that case, what exactly
happens to her control over the integrity knights and the bugs like
the one just now...?"
Sunk into thought for several more seconds with his head looking
down, he soon responded to himself while mussing his forelocks
about.
"Well, we'll naturally find out if we continue to climbing. —
Putting that aside, Eugeo, could you please take a look at my
back?"
"H-Hah?"
Kirito spun to show his back to Eugeo who looked on in mute
confusion. He ran his eyes over it while at a loss, but there wasn't
really anything strange about the black fabric of his coat aside
from the damage to it, proportionate to the recurring battles.
"There's... nothing special about it, though..."
"How do I describe this... are there any small bugs clinging on?
Like a spider or something like that."
"Nope, there's nothing like that, though."
"I see, that's fine, then. —Well then, once again, let's continue on,
to the second half of our journey!"
Eugeo chased after Kirito, who began to walk briskly towards the
cloister's northern end after that, in a fluster.
"Hey, what was that just now?!"
"It's nothing, really."
264

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"You're making me curious, take a look at my back too!"
"Like I said, it's really nothing."
During their light conversation, an occurrence which had
repeated countless times since they had left Rulid Village, Eugeo
softly murmured within his heart what he truly wished to ask.
Why were you, capable of keeping your cool in any situation, so
distraught before the death of Fanatio, an enemy—and what was
to follow those words, [even if I die]—
Kirito, just who... are you...?
The black-clothed swordsman who stood still before the
humongous doors, possibly several times his height, reached out
with both his hands and pushed them open to the sides with
vigour. In that instant, a chilly gale blew through and Eugeo
turned his face away slightly.

265

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Part 3
What lay beyond the grand doors was a chamber roughly as
spacious as the stairwell on the southern side of the large
corridors through which Eugeo and Kirito had ascended. It was
rectangular in shape as well, with the deep blue northern sky
visible through the long and narrow windows lined up along the
opposing wall.
However, an essential element couldn't be seen on the floor set
with chequered black and white tiles—the grand staircase that
should lead towards the fifty-first floor.
No matter how many times they scanned the spacious chamber,
no ladders, or even a single strand of rope could be found. There
was only a single strange, circular cavity in the middle of the sleek
and smooth floor, and not a single path meant to proceed
upwards entered Eugeo's vision.
"Th... There are no stairs."
Muttering in surprise as he stepped into the dim hall behind
Kirito, Eugeo felt a stream of cold air on his neck and hunched his
shoulders. It seemed his partner noticed it as well, as the pair
concurrently looked straight up.
"...Wha..."
"What the heck..."
And the pair jointly became speechless.
There was no ceiling. A space, no, shaft the same shape as the
chamber extended beyond what their sight could perceive. They
couldn't even estimate how much higher it continued, sunk in a
cerulean darkness.

266

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

After they returned their eyes from the distant height, they
realized this chasm might not be an entirely vacant space. Doors,
smaller than the one behind the pair, were embedded in the
surface of the wall at the corresponding heights for each level
from the fifty-first floor onwards, each with an elongated terrace
extending close to the middle of the chasm.
In other words, they could break into the floors above if they
could reach those terraces—that certainly was the case.
Eugeo extended his right hand and casually tried to jump up
without thinking.
"...No way that would have reached..."
He murmured with a sigh. Even the closest terrace was, naturally
enough, set higher than the ceiling in the «Grand Cloister of
Spiritual Light» behind them and thus, over twenty mel even
through liberal estimations.
Kirito, who looked up in the same manner at the side, asked in a
feeble voice.
"Look... I'm just confirming here, but there aren't any sacred arts
to fly, right?"
"Nope."
A merciless, instantaneous reply.
"I mean, flying in the air's a privilege reserved solely for integrity
knights, isn't it? And those guys don't even fly through arts; they
ride their flying dragons..."
"So... how exactly do the humans here go back and forth between
the fifty-first floor and onwards?"
"Who knows..."
267

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The pair tilted their heads in sync. It would be preferable to avoid
it, but there might be no other way but to return to the grand
cloister and ask for the method to head up from the collapsed
underlings of Fanatio—it happened the moment they were
thinking that.
"Hey, something's coming."
Kirito whispered in a nervous voice.
"Eh?"
He looked up at the chasm again as instructed.
He certainly saw something approaching. As though brushing past
the ends of the protruding terraces that appeared as lines, a black
shadow was gently descending towards them.
As he leapt away to the back with Kirito and positioned his hand
on his sword grip, Eugeo firmly stared at the approaching
shadow.
It was in the shape of a perfect circle. Perhaps with a diameter of
two mel or so? It seemed like a metallic disk with how its edge
could be seen glinting eerily each time it caught the blue light
shining in from the slender windows. However, why could such a
thing gracefully descend in a space without supports or anything
of that sort?
Eugeo's ears discerned a queer noise going, "whoosh", when the
disk passed by the terrace two floors above at a constant speed.
His neck noticed a cold breeze each time.
Eugeo neither ran, nor drew his sword; he simply stood still,
dumbfounded, and gazed at how the disk grazed the terrace
overhead and descended before the pair. When the hovering disk
closed in until only a mel away, a small hole opened at the center
268

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

of its underside and he noticed the air blasting out from there was
the cause of the mysterious noise and wind.
However, how could a metal disk float with merely wind power—
he questioned as the whooshing noise steadily grew and the
metallic disk's rate of descent rapidly fell, finally coming to a stop
as it neatly wedged into the circular cavity, bored into the stone
floor, with only a bump and a slight quiver.
The top surface of the disk was polished smooth like a mirror.
Detailed craftsmanship went into the silver handrails installed on
the circular edge. A glass pipe measuring roughly one mel in
length and fifty cen in thickness stood straight up in the center—a
single young girl silently stood there with both her two hands on
the top of the pipe, rounded in a dome shape.
"......!?"
Eugeo retreated another step as he put strength into his right
hand supported by his sword's grip. He heightened his guard,
thinking this might be a new integrity knight.
But he immediately noticed the girl wasn't equipped with even a
single dagger on her waist or back. Her garment, a plain, black
long skirt, appeared ill-fitting for combat as well. The only
embellishment to speak of was the modest, see-through hem
knitted onto the white apron that hung from her chest to below
her knees, which meant she worn no other accessories on herself.
Her light brown hair, slightly grayed, was cut straight at her
eyebrows and shoulders, with hardly any distinguishing features
on her pale facial complexion. It was well-ordered but without
even a shred of emotion. Eugeo felt her approximate age was a
little younger, but he didn't have any confidence that it truly was.
Who exactly is this girl; Eugeo tried to look at the girl's eyes, but
he couldn't even discern their color as they were hidden by her
269

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

lowered eyelashes. The girl, who made no attempt at all to look at
the pair's faces even after the disk stopped, took her hands off the
strange glass pipe and placed them together at the front of her
apron, then bowed her head further and let out her voice for the
first time.
"Thank you for your patience. Which floor are you heading for,
dear sirs?"
A voice that possessed the minimum level of vocal intonation and
revealed no sort of emotion at all. Eugeo didn't hear even a
fragment of anything resembling animosity, so he gently took his
hand off his sword. The girl's words repeated once more in his
mind.
"Which floor... wait... Then, you're willing to bring us to the floors
above?"
When he asked half in belief, half in doubt, the girl brought down
her head that had returned to its original position once again.
"Certainly. May I know your desired floor?"
"Well... even if you say that..."
Having thought that everyone who would appear before them in
the cathedral would be an enemy, Eugeo faltered, not knowing
what to say immediately. Kirito, standing at his side, then spoke in
a carefree tone; Eugeo didn't know what exactly was going on in
that head either.
"Erm, we're the wanted ones who invaded the cathedral...
wouldn't there be a problem with us riding on that ele, no, disk?"
The girl then slightly tilted her head, but instantly returned it to
its original position and answered.

270

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"My sole task is the operation of this elevating disk. I have not
received orders on anything else that doesn’t pertain to that."
"I see. Then allow me to take you up on your offer."
Kirito began briskly walking in the direction of the disk while
speaking those easygoing words, so Eugeo called out in a
panicked voice.
"H-Hey, you sure it's fine?"
"Well, it doesn't look like there's anything other way to get up."
"That's... true, but still..."
Eugeo was amazed how he could ride such a strange object with
barely any caution immediately after going through all of that
with the two adolescent integrity knights, but it was true that
neither of them had the slightest idea about how to move the disk.
Reassuring himself by thinking how they could jump onto some
terrace even if it was a trap, he followed behind his partner.
After the pair boarded the disk through the break in the luxurious
railings, Kirito peered at the glass pipe with a curious look as he
informed the girl.
"Erm, then please bring us to the highest floor we can go."
"Very well. Then we shall now proceed to the eightieth floor,
«Cloudtop Garden». Kindly stay within the boundaries of the
handrails."
A response came back in no time at all and with yet another bow,
the girl placed her two hands atop the pipe. She took in a breath
of air—
"System call. Generate aerial element."

271

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The sudden art ritual chant flustered Eugeo, interpreting it as an
attack, but that didn’t appear to be the case. After all, the aerial
elements that appeared, gleaming green, were inside the
transparent pipe. But he got another shock upon seeing their
numbers. There were a whole ten of them—she must be a rather
high ranking art user to generate this many elements in one go.
The girl pointed out her right thumb, index, and middle fingers
among the ten slender fingers she had on the glass pipe and softly
muttered.
"Burst element."
Three of the aerial elements shot out with a green flash in that
moment, causing a growl to well up from below. The metallic disk
ridden by three humans instantly began to ascend as though
pulled along by an invisible hand.
"So that's it! So that's how it works, huh."
Eugeo finally understood the basis behind how the disk rose and
fell with Kirito's apparently delighted voice. Aerial elements were
released within the glass pipe running through the disk, which
allowed the weight of three humans and the disk itself to be lifted
up by discharging the resultant explosive gust downwards.
It was a simple mechanism now that he understood it, but the
disk's movement was smooth to the point of nearly not feeling
anything. Aside from the pressure he somewhat felt at the start of
the ascent, it slid through the air with hardly any jolting.
The fiftieth floor promptly disappeared into the distance below
and Eugeo was once again made aware that this small disk could
rise to the cathedral's eightieth floor, that is, a height high enough
to touch the clouds. Wiping his sweaty palms on his trousers, he
tightly gripped onto the railings.

272

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito by his side, however, had a calm expression on as though he
had ridden something similar in the past, admiring the setup as he
oohed and aahed, though his interest soon shifted from the disk to
the human operating it and asked upon looking at the girl.
"How long have you been doing this job?"
The girl responded with a very slightly puzzled voice, her face still
hidden.
"This will be the hundred and seventh year since this sacred task
has been bestowed upon me."
"A hun..."
Forgetting even about the void below his feet, Eugeo widened his
eyes. He haltingly questioned in Kirito's place.
"A-A hundred and seven years... you've been operating this disk
that whole time!?"
"I haven't been operating it... the whole time. I do receive a meal
break in the afternoon and of course, I am allowed to rest at
night."
"E-Erm... that's not really what I..."
—No.
That was how it was. This girl must also have had her Life frozen
like the integrity knights, and live atop this single metal disk for
what could be said to be an eternity.
Eugeo believed that fate was far more cruel, more forsaken, and
more bleak than even that of the integrity knights, who devoted
their unlimited time to battle.
The metallic disk slowly but steadily ascended. The girl concealed
all emotion below her lowered eyelashes, creating aerial elements
273

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

anew whenever they were spent, and releasing them yet again.
Eugeo wondered how many times had she repeated that verse,
"burst", muttered with each cycle, but of course, it was easily
beyond his imagination.
"You... what's your name?"
Kirito suddenly asked.
The girl inclined her head for the longest time so far, before
replying in a murmur.
"My name... I cannot remember it. All of the dear sirs and madams
have referred to me as «Elevating Operator». Elevating Operator...
that is my name."
It seemed even Kirito had no response for this. Eugeo, who had
inadvertently counted the passing terraces and was now over
twenty, felt an urge to fill the silence pressing behind him and
opened his mouth.
"...Hey... hey, we're here to defeat the important people of the
Axiom Church. Those who charged you with this sacred task."
"I see."
That was all the girl replied with. But Eugeo continued with his
words, probably without any particular goal in mind.
"If... the church cease to exist and you get freed from this sacred
task, what will you do...?"
"...Freed...?"
After repeating that in an unsteady tone, the girl named Elevating
Operator kept up her silence as they passed by another five
terraces.

274

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Having taken a look up, Eugeo realized a gray ceiling had
appeared in their way unawares. That must be the base of the
cathedral's eightieth floor. They were finally about to step foot
into the true core of the Axiom Church.
"I... know nothing of the world aside from this elevating disk."
The girl suddenly spoke in faltering words.
"As such... I am unable to decide upon a new sacred task even at
your insistence... however, if you meant it in the sense of
something I wish to do..."
Her face that had been lowered this entire time raised and the girl
gazed at the long and narrow windows on the wall at the right—
at the clear northern skies that lay beyond them.
"...I would like to fly freely on this elevating disk... in those skies..."
The girl's eyes he finally saw now were a deep, deep indigo blue,
much like the blue skies at the height of summer.
The instant the final aerial element twinkled out of existence, the
disk reached the thirtieth terrace and gently came to a stop.
The elevating operator girl took her hands off the glass pipe,
placed them together before her apron, and took a deep bow.
"Thank you for your patience, we have arrived at the eightieth
floor, «Cloudtop Garden»."
"...Thanks."
Both Eugeo and Kirito lowered their heads and walked onto the
terrace from the disk.
The girl lifted her head no more, and after another mild bow, she
entrusted the disk's descent to the weakening aerial element. The
gushing sound, like a cold wintry wind, immediately faded off into
275

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

the distance and its form vanished into the depths of the blue
darkness; that small steel world, confined for all of eternity.

276

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

277

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Eugeo took a deep breath without realizing it.
"...I thought my last sacred task was the worst in the world when
it came to being endless, but..."
After he murmured that, Kirito raised his eyebrows and glanced
at him.
"So it had been enough of a blessing that I could retire after
growing old and becoming unable to swing that axe; when I
compare it to that girl's sacred task, it's just..."
"Cardinal said that freezing a person's Life from reducing
naturally through art rituals is no protection against the soul's
aging. That it would slowly encroach on one's memories and that
person would eventually break."
Kirito, who replied in a depressed tone, swung his body with
force, as though trying to sever that line of thought, and turned
his back on the deep shaft.
"What the Axiom Church is doing is wrong. That's why we're here
to defeat Administrator. But that's not the end to everything,
Eugeo. The real challenges lie beyond that..."
"Eh...? Don't we just have to leave the rest to Cardinal-san from
earlier if we defeat Administrator?"
Kirito moved his lips when Eugeo asked, as though he was about
to say something, but an uncertainty unlike his usual decisive self
appeared in his black eyes and he ended up averting his face.
"Kirito...?"
"...No, let's talk more about that after we recover Alice. This isn't
any time to be thinking about unnecessary stuff."
"That's... true, but still."
278

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Kirito began to walk across the terrace at a brisk pace, as though
escaping from the look emanating from Eugeo as he tilted his
head. Eugeo chased after him with an inexplicable emotion, but a
feeling of tension welling from the depths of his body swept away
his flimsy doubts in the blink of an eye after the huge doors
towering at the end of the short terrace entered their view.
Seeing how five integrity knights had gathered on the fiftieth
floor, the person coordinating the countermeasures against
intruders—likely the Chief Elder person Fanatio had mentioned
had intended to stop the two of them there by all means. The fact
that they had actually repelled the knights' fierce assault and
achieved victory somehow must have been close to a miracle.
Them breaking through that defensive line and climbing up this
close to the highest floor was sure to have that Chief Elder finally
sending out those with high battle potential without reserve. The
«Knight Commander» along with all of the remaining integrity
knights, as well as the high ranking sacred art users, those priests
and ascetics, might be lying in wait beyond this door, for
example—such a thing was relatively possible.
But as long as there is no other path, we can do nothing but break
through any barrier standing before us from the front.
We can do it. With both Kirito and me here.
Eugeo firmly exchanged looks with his partner, standing at his
side, and they nodded together. Reaching out with their hands
simultaneously, they placed their palms on the left and right
doors respectively and energetically pushed them.
The stone doors began slowly opening to the left and right with a
leaden noise.
"......!"

279

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

His five senses absorbed the colors spreading out before his eyes,
the babble of water, and a fragrant scent at that moment, causing
a brief dizziness.
There was no mistake that they were inside the tower. The same
white marble as the floors below could be seen at the far end.
However, the spacious floor wasn't covered in stone like how it
had been thus far. Instead, a thick, cushy lawn was thriving there.
Sacred flowers of various colors, apparently the source of the
scent, were in full bloom here and there on the lawn.
What astonished him further was a small, pure stream flowing a
short distance away, its water surface glittering with light. A
slender brick path stretched out from the door the pair stood at,
cutting through the lawn, and continued on after a wooden bridge
spanning over the small stream.
A small hill appeared to be beyond the stream. The path snaked
up over the inclining ground with an abundance of blooming
flowers. Having followed the path with his sight, Eugeo noticed a
single tree growing at the crown of the hill.
It wasn't that large as a tree. He could spot dark-green leaves and
small, orange flowers in the shape of a cross on the thin branches.
Solus's light, streaming in from the window on the wall near the
ceiling far above, precisely cast onto the tree and its countless
flowers sparkled as if they were made of gold.
Its glassy, thin trunk also bathed in the sunlight and shone—and
at its base, too, was a remarkably dazzling golden splendor—
"Ah......"
Eugeo was unaware of the quiet sound that escaped from his own
mouth.

280

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Each and every thought he had came to a standstill the instant he
saw that girl sitting against the tree trunk with her eyelids closed.
As if she was a phantasm brought about by the sunlight
beautifully streaming through the tree, all of the girl's form was
bathed in golden light. The magnificent armor covering her upper
body and arms was white with golden embellishments, her long
skirt was pure white as well, with golden thread embroidered
onto the fabric, and even her polished, white leather boots
reflected an unblemished brilliance received from the sunlight
streaming in.
However, what sparkled brightest was her plentiful, sinuous, long
hair. The straight hair, that was like molten gold, drew a perfect
arc as it flowed to her waist from her petite head, producing a
cascade of sublime light.
A radiance he saw practically everyday, a long time ago in the
past. He knew neither its value nor its transience, pulling on that
hair in jest and tying twigs into it.
That golden brilliance, a representation of friendship, aspiration,
and a nebulous affection, had transformed within just a single
day, gaining no connotations but that of Eugeo's weakness,
ugliness, and cowardice. And that glimmer he should have never
been able to see again was now within his reach once more.
"Ah... Ali... ce..."
Without even noticing the hoarse voice spilling out from his own
mouth, Eugeo tottered forward.
He raggedly followed the brick path. Neither the refreshing scent
of the sacred flowers nor the soothing sound of the water
registered in Eugeo's awareness any longer. Only the heat from
his sweaty hand tightly clenched onto his coat breast and the

281

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

dagger that seemed to pulse within the fabric secured Eugeo to
this world.
Crossing the bridge spanning over the small stream, drawing near
the slope. Already less than twenty mel to go until the crown of
the hill.
When he looked up, he could clearly see the girl's face slightly
turned downwards. No emotion at all showed on her white,
practically translucent skin. She merely remained silent with her
eyes shut, her mind seemingly drifting among the sunlight's
warmth and the flowers' scent.
—Is she asleep?
If I get closer like this and just stab the dagger a little into those
fingers interlocked above her lap... would that be the end to
everything?
It was when that thought flashed into Eugeo's mind.
Alice's right hand rose without a sound and Eugeo's heart
pounded as his feet stopped.
Her charming lips moved and a nostalgic voice reached his ears.
"Allow me a little more time. It has been a while since we had
such good weather, so I would like to let this child bask in the
sunlight further."
Her eyelids, framed by her golden eyelashes, gently lifted up.
The pair of eyes colored blue, matchless in the world, gazed
straight into Eugeo’s.
Eugeo saw a vision of Alice's gaze softening, a smile forming on
her lips.

282

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

However, the blue in her lucid eyes was not the gentle color of the
sky it once was. It was the color of ice that had remained frozen
for ten thousand years, unmelting regardless of how much
sunlight it bathed in. Impaled by a gaze that regarded the
intruders coldly, Eugeo could not move his legs.
As expected, a fight was unavoidable.
Even if she had lost her memories, he would have to draw his
sword towards that girl, who was no doubt Alice Schuberg from
Rulid. To return her to how she was. No matter how difficult he
might find the battle to accept.
His body had felt Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty's true
strength two days ago, when his cheek had been struck by her
scabbard. Eugeo might have been taken unaware by that single
hit, but he hadn’t even been able to follow it with his eyes. It
would prove to be next to impossible to suppress a swordsman of
such skill without suffering heavy injuries, wouldn't it?
She was no opponent to go easy on.
—Still, could I actually sever even a single strand of that golden
hair?
Seeing as I can't even take another step forward, let alone draw
my sword.
Kirito spoke from behind Eugeo, standing still from the sudden
conflict, his words clear despite being somewhat hoarse.
"You aren't fighting here, Eugeo. Think only about properly
stabbing Cardinal's dagger into Alice. I'll stop her attacks for you
even at the cost of my own life."
"Bu... but."

283

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"There's no other way, the situation will get worse the more we
drag out the battle. I'll take Alice's first attack on instead of
dodging and restrain her like that, so use that dagger right away.
Got it?"
"......"
He firmly bit his lips. Ultimately, he had made Kirito the one who
bled in both the battle against Deusolbert and the battle against
Fanatio. Despite how this reckless plan of challenging the Axiom
Church had originally stemmed from nothing more than Eugeo's
personal agenda.
"...Sorry."
When he muttered with shame, Kirito replied in a tone a little
closer to his usual.
"You don't have to apologize; I'll have you pay it all back several
times over soon enough. ...Still, putting that aside..."
"...? What's the matter?"
"No... from what I can see, she doesn't look like she's armed.
Besides... who was she talking about when she said, 'this child'...?"
Guided, he focused his eyes on Alice, still sitting atop the hill. Her
eyelids were once again closed and slightly downcast; he looked
at her waist, the golden scabbard that had been suspended there
when they had first encountered her at the Sword Mastery
Academy certainly wasn't there now.
"Maybe she leaves her sword behind when she's resting or
something like that... That would be a great help, though."
Muttering in a tone that showed his lack of belief in such a thing,
Kirito brushed against his black sword's grip with his left hand.

284

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"It's not nice towards Alice, but it's not like we can go along with
her until she's done basking in the sun. Whether she has a sword
or not, challenging her now should prevent her from chanting the
full control art at least. Honestly, it's the best we could hope for if
we can settle this without her using that."
"I guess you're right... my full control art doesn't use up that much
of my sword's Life, so I believe I can still use it another two times
today, though..."
"That'll be helpful. That said, one more time's the limit on my side.
And there should still be that Knight Commander guy after Alice.
Well... let's go."
Kirito took a step forward with a small nod.
His mind made up, Eugeo followed behind.
Leaving the brick path snaking around the hill, they headed
straight for the peak. Their footsteps on the lawn resonated.
Alice softly stood when the pair had climbed halfway up the hill.
Her glacial eyes that revealed not even a single shred of emotion
stared down at the pair beyond her languorous eyelids.
As though her glance had cast some sort of art ritual, his two feet
grew heavy in that instant. Despite how it was obvious that no
sword belt could be seen on Alice, Eugeo felt his feet refuse to
approach the girl any further. Was fear carved into his body after
just a single blow to his cheek? But even if that was so, Kirito's
gait also seemed to have lost its strength as well, as he walked in
front, didn't it?
"...At long last, you've made your way this far, haven't you."
Alice's clear voice shook the air once again.

285

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"I judged that having Eldrie alone on alert in the rose garden
would be sufficient to cope with the both of you even on the off
chance that you could escape from the underground jail.
However, you have eliminated him and moreover, cut down
Deusolbert-dono and even Fanatio-dono who possessed sacred
instruments, stepping onto the grounds of this «Cloudtop
Garden»."
Her arched eyebrows formed into a faint scowl. The voice from
her cherry blossom lips had a hushed sorrowful ring to it.
"What exactly is it that bestowed such power onto the two of you?
Why exactly would you come to impact the tranquility of the
Human World so? Why do you not understand that each integrity
knight injured would be a considerable setback towards the
preparations against the forces of darkness?"
—It's for you, that's all there is to it.
Eugeo cried out in his heart. But he knew it would mean nothing
to Integrity Knight Alice standing before his eyes even if he voiced
it out. Firmly clenching his teeth, Eugeo merely put his all into
moving his feet forward.
"As I thought—it appears I shall have to ask with my sword. Very
well... if that is what the two of you wish."
Her words like a sigh, Alice placed her right hand on the tree
trunk by her side as a support.
But she not holding onto a sword—
Eugeo thought that at nearly the same time Kirito blurted out a
"no way".
Light flashed out in the next instant and the smallish tree growing
on the hill's peak disintegrated.
286

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"——!?"
Somewhat belatedly, a fragrance, rich in sweetness and vitality,
lavishly drifted by, then vanished without a trace.
Before they knew it, Alice's right hand held onto a familiar long
sword with its slender form. Not only the scabbard, but
everything from the guard to the pommel were made from a
dazzling gold. A cross-shaped flower design decorated the guard.
Eugeo couldn't immediately understand what had occurred.
The tree had vanished, and the sword had appeared. In other
words, that tree had transformed into the sword? But Alice hadn't
articulated any art rituals. Even if this was simply an illusionary
art or some super high ranking sacred art for transmutation, it
was impossible to carry it out without reciting the ritual's verses.
No. If that tree had changed its appearance based purely on
Alice's mental image—that would, essentially mean—
Having arrived at a conclusion a moment quicker, Kirito let out a
deep moan.
"Crap, this isn't good... could that sword already be in its full
control state?"
Scowling down at the pair who stood upright, Alice raised the
sword horizontally with both hands.
Jyaa! The blade, unsheathed with a screech, had a bright golden
yellow aura distinctly more intense than even the scabbard,
radiantly glistening as it reflected Solus's light.
Kirito launched a savage assault a moment after. It was unclear
what kind of power Alice's sword wielded, but he judged it likely
that it would be best to bring it into a close-range fight before the

287

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

control art was activated. Fiercely tearing up the green grass, he
climbed eighty percent of the hill in a mere ten steps.
While gripping onto the chain at his chest, Eugeo frantically
chased after his partner as well. Kirito seemed to have no
intention of drawing his sword. It appeared he intended to stop
Alice's first attack with his body as he had said. Even if that sealed
her movement, it would hardly last for long. Thus, Eugeo
definitely had to fulfill his role of stabbing her with the dagger
without letting the chance escape.
Alice's expression didn't change one bit even while looking at the
approaching black-clothed swordsman. With a motion that
appeared carefree, she lightly brandished the sword in her right
hand.
Kirito had yet to enter slashing range. It was therefore likely to be
a far-range offensive art like Deusolbert's or Fanatio's. If that was
the case, even if the initial attack stops Kirito's advance, Eugeo
should still be able to get within range to stab her with the dagger
by using that interval.
Settling his thoughts in an instant, Eugeo changed his approach to
a different angle from Kirito's and kept running.
Alice's right hand softly swung forward.
The golden blade—vanished.
"!?"
To be accurate, it didn't vanish. It would be more accurate to say
that it dispersed. The sword split into hundreds or thousands of
flakes and assailed Kirito as a golden tempest.
"Guah!!"

288

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Engulfed in an immeasurable shimmer, Kirito was knocked down,
rendered immobile, with a groan.
Making full use of the opportunity contrived by his partner, Eugeo
clenched his teeth and ran forward.
However, the golden wind that attacked Kirito didn't just stop
there. It caused a noise like a chilly gale and turned to the left in
midair, sweeping at Eugeo from the side.
He could hardly stay on his feet after such an impact. As though he
was sent flying by a giant's palm, Eugeo collapsed onto the right
as well.
Each flake, measuring less than a cen long, was of an absurd
weight. Thrown onto the lawn, Eugeo experienced a burning pain
over his entire left arm that had shielded his face the instant the
golden zephyr assailed him and desperately held down his desire
to scream and writhe.
The countless golden flakes, that had stopped the pair's assault so
easily, drew an arc as they whirled and returned to Alice's side.
However, they didn't turn back into the form of a sword but
stayed drifting around the knight.
On closer examination, all of the small flakes were crosses formed
by even smaller diamond shapes joined together. They were the
same as the design on the guard—which meant they were the
same shape as the flowers of that tree growing on the hill.
"—Are you mocking me? How could you even run towards me
without drawing your sword?"
Alice rebuked them quietly without expressing even a speck of
emotion as always.
"The attack earlier was meant to serve as a warning. However, the
next will wipe out all of your Life. Show me all you have got; for
289

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

the sake of all the knights the two of you have defeated thus far as
well."
She went—easy?
Despite that absurd power...?
Within Eugeo's sight as he shivered from the depths of his heart,
the innumerous golden flowers made a loud "jyakii" noise in
tandem. When he looked harder, he saw the tips of the four petals,
which have been smooth and rounded thus far, now tapered into
a point sharper than a slender sword's tip. He wouldn't get away
with just collapsing like earlier if he was struck by such a thing.
His skin would be torn apart and it would probably even slice
through his bones.
A profound dread transmuted itself into cold water and forced its
way into Eugeo, numbing his limbs.
Even if there was only one of those golden flowers by itself, his
Life would swiftly decrease if it cut through his vitals. And yet the
flakes glistening around Alice now, like a magnificent shower of
blossoms, numbered over two or three hundred. It would be
impossible to deflect them all with a sword and even with that
said, it was also next to impossible to dodge that storm of flowers
capable of high-speed and unrestrained movement in the air. In
other words, Alice's full control art was unbelievably complete
and also almighty—
Yes, it was unbelievable.
The armament full control art with sacred instruments was
certainly a powerful skill, but still, there were limits. This art's
true nature is converting the «memories» possessed by the
origins of the weapons, that is, whether it was hot, cold, hard, fast,
and such, into an offensive ability and it couldn't help but

290

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

deteriorate in other aspects, the more it specialized in one
particular area.
Like Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio's full control art was
repelled by a small mirror that Kirito created, as a result of
specializing too much in piercing a single point with a
concentrated light ray.
It was unknown what sort of existence that small tree once was
that seemed to be the origin of Alice's sacred instrument, but if
the power within it was divided so small, into such great
numbers—that is, if it pursued only accuracy, each petal ought to
have lost much more of their might. No matter how Eugeo
thought about it, having one flake that wasn't even a cen long
possess the clout of a giant's fist, as he had experienced with his
own body, defied that theory.
If it could accomplish such a phenomenon, that slender tree that
bloomed with orange flowers must have been given an ultra-high
priority, surpassing even the origin of Kirito's sword, the
«demonic tree», Gigas Cedar...
Kirito who had collapsed in front, to the left, seemed to have also
thought of the same matter as Eugeo in an instant, as his raised
side profile was pale with shock and fear.
However, he, who knew not the meaning of giving up, glanced at
Eugeo with those eyes that retained their glint and moved his lips
silently.
«Chant». —Get started on it.
Indeed, it was no longer possible to break through that storm of
petals from the front. Hence, there was no choice but to shackle
its master with the Blue Rose Sword's full control art. Alice had
flourished the sword which had only the grip remaining in tune
with the petals' movements earlier. In other words, that would
291

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

mean the flower cloud wasn't manipulated entirely by its master's
will.
Still unseemly knocked down, Eugeo gently brushed his left hand
against the Blue Rose Sword's grip and began chanting the full
control art at a volume that was practically inaudible. There was
nothing more that could be done if Alice noticed and attacked, but
Kirito should do something about that.
As he predicted, Kirito got up in an exaggerated motion, as Eugeo
started the chant, and shouted in a tense voice.
"I wish to apologize for my disrespectful conduct towards the
honorable integrity knight! I, Swordsman-in-training Kirito,
would like to formally request anew, for a duel using ordinary
swords with Integrity Knight Alice!"
After hitting his chest with his right fist and taking a bow, he held
onto the sword at the left of his waist by its grip. The jet-black
blade drew out with a loud and shrill "jyari" and was raised up
high as though it was trying to split the golden light covering the
knight into two.
Alice gazed hard at the black-clothed swordsman with those blue
eyes that felt as though they could see through everything and
replied after a single blink.
"—Very well, I shall test how deeply embedded your wicked
hearts lie through swordsmanship."
She gently swung the grip in her right hand. And with that, the
countless golden flowers swirling around whirled towards Alice's
hand with the sound of flowing waves, leaving few gaps as they
aligned themselves in front of the grasped handle. A metallic
"jyakin" rang out and the flakes combined, returning to its form as
a golden long sword.

292

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Facing Alice, who positioned the sword in a middle stance with
graceful motions and began to advance like that, was Kirito, who
prepared his sword in a lower stance; he then called out to her
once again.
"One of us will inevitably fall after an exchange of swords, so I
implore you to tell me one thing beforehand. I believe that tree
atop the hill earlier was your sacred instrument's form in bygone
times, but why does such a small tree possess such power?"
It was obviously a question for buying time, but Kirito truly
wanted to know the mystery behind the golden sword's full
control art, probably. Of course, Eugeo was highly intrigued as
well. He strained his ears while continuing the chant.
Alice came to a standstill after taking three steps forward. She
kept her silence for a while, and then moved her lips in slight
motions.
"There is no purpose in telling the two of you with your imminent
deaths, but... I suppose it could serve as a diversion on your way
to the Celestial World. My sacred instrument is named, «Fragrant
Olive Sword». As its name implies, it was once a fragrant olive
tree with no irregular aspects to it at all."
The fragrant olive was a small-sized tree that produces small
orange-colored flowers in the autumn. It rarely grew naturally in
the vicinity near Rulid, but now that she mentioned it, he had seen
it countless times in the capital. It couldn't be said to be of a rare
variety, like the Gigas Cedar of which only one existed in the
world.
"Yes, it was merely a small tree as you've said. Except it was the
only one to have lasted that long. —This place the Central
Cathedral is built on now was the «Starting Land» bestowed upon
the humans by the Goddess of Creation Stacia in the long-passed
ancient times. A beautiful spring surged forth from the heart of
293

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

that small village and a single fragrant olive grew on its bank... or
so the first chapter says in the records of creation. That very tree
was the original form of my sword. I hope you understand; this
Fragrant Olive Sword is the oldest existence among all things of
nature in the Human World."
"Wh... what did you..."
In comparison to the astonished Kirito, Alice continued
constructing her words together without emotion.
"This sword is the reincarnated form of a tree given life by the
goddess. Its attribute is «eternal immortality». Even one of those
fluttering petals could split a rock it touched or break the
ground... as you have tasted with your own body earlier. Do you
understand what exactly you've been pointing your blade at?"
"...Yeah, I definitely get it now."
Kirito spoke with his persistently formal speech cast off.
"I see, it's the first immortal object set down by the goddess... so
that's it, huh. Geez, the things coming at us are getting more and
more ridiculous... even so, it's not like I can continue being all
awestruck."
Kirito slowly swung the black sword, probably much inferior to
the Fragrant Olive Sword even if they possess the same type of
origin, into an upper stance and cried out.
"Now then, Integrity Knight Alice... let's start our match again!"
The air shook as the black-clothed swordsman kicked off the
ground. He charged forward at Alice, standing on top of the hill, at
a velocity that made it hard to believe he was moving uphill.
Regardless of how ridiculous Alice's sword was, Kirito must be
thinking that he could gain the advantage if he brings out a
294

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

consecutive hit skill in close-range combat. Fanatio could deal
with the high-speed consecutive attacks in the earlier battle
because she had learnt them through her personal circumstances;
she should be an exception among the integrity knights.
As Kirito and Eugeo predicted, Alice obediently raised her sword
overhead against Kirito's downwards slash. She wouldn't be able
to guard her middle when the downwards slash connects to a
middle one with her speed.
The sword Kirito swung down turned into a bolt of black lightning
and collided with the Fragrant Olive Sword, throwing off bluishwhite sparks.
However, it did not immediately continue into that theoretical
second hit.
After all, compared to how Alice's sword had barely moved, Kirito,
the one on the offensive, was heavily repelled backwards like he
had hit a large rock with a twig, destroying his stance.
"Uoah..."
Turning towards Kirito who had lost his balance on the slanted
surface and staggered for two, three steps, Alice approached with
footwork as smooth as a flowing stream.
Even the fingers on her outstretched left hand were pointing out.
Her body was extended wide, her golden sword raised straight
behind. It was a traditional style that couldn't be said to be fit for
actual combat unlike the Aincrad style, but her appearance when
coupled with her flowing golden hair and fluttering skirt was
sublime like a framed painting.
"Eeeh!"

295

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

The sword drew a semi-circle as it launched an attack alongside
that shrill and clear scream. The speed was frightening. But those
movements were far too exaggerated.
Having recovered his stance, Kirito had enough time spare to
place his sword at his left.
Gakaan! The two swords collided with a loud noise.
The one to spin like a top while getting blown away this time was
once again Kirito. Thrusting his hand onto the grass, he narrowly
avoided falling down while sliding down to the base of the hill.
At this stage, Eugeo, too, understood what was occurring before
his eyes at last.
The weight behind their individual hits were on completely
different levels.
Kirito had the black sword, possessing a priority that could be
considered high among most sacred instrument, and the
consecutive hit skills of the Aincrad style, that drove away
numerous integrity knights, but the Fragrant Olive Sword that
Alice carried was probably hiding a weight several times that of
the black sword within itself. It was a difficult enough task to stop
its attack, let alone repel it, when it was swung at such a speed.
No, that wouldn't be the end of it. As had been made clear by the
initial conflict, Kirito was the one to get repulsed even when on
the offensive. This wouldn't be much of a fight.
Kirito seemed to have realized that fact and quickly stood up,
though he did take several more steps down with terrified
expression. Alice chased behind as though she was gliding.
The ensuing battle could be said to be Kirito's first battle in these
two years that had developed so one-sidedly.
296

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Alice delivered slash after slash with the grace of a dancer. Kirito
tried his best to take them on but got unsightly blown away each
time. He would have chances at a counterattack if he could dodge
purely by shifting his body, but Alice's sword was dreadfully
quick with superb aim despite its hefty size, making it extremely
hard to evade them cleanly.
Finished with the art ritual chant even while trembling with fear,
Eugeo chased after the pair who continued to move about. With
things having proceeded this far, he had no choice but to activate
the armament full control art while Kirito somehow took on the
attacks.
After merely five exchanges of offense and defense which took
next to no time, Kirito had already been driven to the western
wall. Behind him was solid marble with all routes of escape cut
off.
Pointing her sword at the enemy, now stuck in a predicament,
Alice spoke with a refreshing expression.
"I see. —You are the second to have endured my attacks this long.
It seems you have climbed this tower with a fair level of resolve
and faith. However... it is not at all enough to sway the church. As I
thought, I cannot allow the two of you to upset the order of the
Human World."
The golden knight's refined standing posture showed no opening.
She could probably instantly deal with Eugeo activating the art
ritual, even if it was behind her.
Kirito—say something. A short moment's fine, make her let her
guard down.
Eugeo prayed with all he had as he ran, but his partner merely
leaned his back against the marble wall, his two eyes glittering,
and made no further attempt to speak even a single word.
297

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Well then—prepare yourself."
The Fragrant Olive Sword readily traced an arc as it pointed at the
sky, wielded vertically.
A fleeting silence.
Tearing through the air, the golden light rushed on.
His two eyes opened to their limits, Kirito moved his right hand so
fast it became a blur.
A shrill, metallic noise. A streak of sparks.
He didn't take it on, but let it flow past. The swords made contact
at the lowest possible angle and Alice's absurdly heavy attack was
averted by the slightest margin.
What the Fragrant Olive Sword pierced through with a dull
impact was—a cen left of Kirito's head, the smooth marble wall.
The black hair severed scattered into the air and vanished.
Kirito immediately leapt at Alice. He pinned down the knight's
right hand with his left and entwined her left arm with his right.
She hadn't quivered even once until now, but Alice's cheeks still
twitched at that all the same.
—Now.
"Enhance armament!!"
Eugeo thrust the Blue Rose Sword into the lawn at his feet with
that scream.
His surroundings froze white in just an instant. A wave of frost
spread forth with impetuous strength, swallowing Kirito and Alice
roughly ten mel away.

298

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Countless ice tendrils immediately reached out from the pair's
feet all at once. All of them became clear, blue shackles as they
coiled and twined about the connected pair's figures. Kirito's
black clothes and Alice's white armor were discernibly being
hidden away by a thick layer of ice.
Kirito—Alice, forgive me!
Crying out in his heart, Eugeo continued creating the ice tendrils.
It was doubtful any amount of shackles would suffice with
Integrity Knight Alice as the target.
The tendrils that twined over them one after another with stiff
noises soon changed into a single thick icicle.
The transparent pillar with its multiple layers, resembling crystal
ore, quietly glittered with both swordsmen trapped within it. All
that stuck outside was Alice's right hand and the Fragrant Olive
Sword held in it, pierced into the wall. Alice's expression, showing
slight surprise, and Kirito's expression, resolved for death,
remained still within the blue ice.
Everything would end by stabbing the dagger into that arm.
Eugeo separated his hand from the Blue Rose Sword and stood
up. Letting go of the sword would release the full control art, but
the thick icicle should take tens of minutes to melt naturally.
Firmly gripping the dagger in his pocket with his right hand, he
took one, two steps forward—
He took the third step as golden light exploded.
"Ah......"
Alice's sword, stabbed into the wall, split into countless flower
petals in the frightened Eugeo's vision.

299

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Zaa... That grim chord resonated as the golden storm of flowers
engulfed the icicle.
Eugeo could do nothing but watch in a daze as the small, cross
blades swirled like a tornado, quickly shaving the ice away.
Eugeo's Life would likely be extinguished if he dove straight into
that vortex, before taking even a single step forward.
Shaving the ice away, the storm of flowers soared up in the air
after only a thin layer remained.
The icicle crumbled with a short-lived noise immediately after.
Hurling Kirito, still holding on, towards Eugeo with her left hand,
Alice spoke with a tone that remained indifferent while shaking
off the ice flakes clinging onto her hair.
"—Did the two of you not request for a contest of skill with the
sword? It served as fair bit of amusement, but... it was apparent
that mere ice had no chance of restraining my flowers. Your turn
will come next, so do behave yourself and wait."
When she lightly stretched her right hand out, the flower petals
drifting above instantly gathered and returned to its original
sword—
"Enhance armament!!"
Kirito was the one who screamed.
No one knew when he had finished chanting the full control art,
but strands of darkness streaked out from the black sword held in
his two hands.
His aim was not Alice herself—
It was the Fragrant Olive Sword right before it could combine
together.
300

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

"Eh...!"
Alice let out a shocked voice for the first time.
The torrent of darkness scattered the countless flower petals and
threw them out of control.
Guaaah! A thundering roar split his ears as the tempest, a blend of
pitch-black and gold, violently blew. They interweaved, swirled
together, and slammed into the marble wall behind Alice.
"Eugeo——!!"
Kirito's scream.
Right. This was, definitely, the last chance.
Eugeo pulled the dagger from his bosom and kicked off the
ground.
Just eight mel to Alice.
Seven mel.
Six mel.
Then. Something beyond everyone's expectations occurred.
The abnormally powerful torrent brought forth by fusing the full
control arts from both sacred instruments struck the Central
Cathedral's wall and a myriad of cracks spread out over its entire
length.

301

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

302

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Along with a roar that seemed to shake even the Celestial World,
the massive marble—those white walls, that were thought to be
unbreakable like the «immortal walls», collapsed.
Blocks of stone were thrown outside and the hole created rapidly
widened before his eyes.
Eugeo stared at the blue skies and the white sea of clouds peeking
in from beyond, flabbergasted.
A sudden, violent gust knocked into Eugeo from the back and he
was forced onto the grass. The air within the tower was being
sucked out through the hole in the wall. The pair right next to the
hole could do naught to resist that deluge of air.
The sight of the black-clothed swordsman and the golden knight
entangled with each other being hurled out of the tower burnt
itself into Eugeo's eyes.
"Uwaaaaah!!"
While screaming, Eugeo crept towards the hole in the wall.
What can I do—make a rope with sacred arts—no, I'll use ice
from the Blue Rose Sword to save those—
He wasn't given the time to put those thoughts into action.
The stones making up the marble wall that should have fallen
outside gathered together as though time had been rewound and
started to rejoin together across the entire length of the wall.
Clung, clung, those dull noises rang out each time the hole
contracted—
"Aaaaaah!!"

303

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

And snugly closed up before Eugeo's eyes, a scream escaping from
him while he rushed over as quickly as he could, as though
nothing had actually happened.
He feverishly hammered with his fists. Twice; thrice.
Even after his skin broke and his blood sprayed out, the renewed
wall remained unblemished, not showing a single sign of damage.
"Kirito——!! Alice———!!"
The white and glassy marble cruelly dismissed Eugeo's screams.

(to be continued)

304

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

Afterword
Thank you very much for reading Sword Art Online 12,
'Alicization Rising'. The Alicization arc has progressed along
'Beginning', 'Running', and 'Turning', getting to the fourth volume
before I knew it and the end should be getting within sight, but... it
feels like Kirito-san and Eugeo-san have been going up the whole
time, doesn't it... Well, you see, the Central Cathedral is a hundredstory building like Aincrad, so it must be horrible to climb up,
definitely. They should reach the highest floor in the next volume,
so I would be glad if you could accompany them as they climb the
stairs for a little longer!
Of course, the 'Rising' subtitle was appended with the connotation
of 'ascending', but when talking about stairs, it seems the right
term would be go up, rather than rise. Please don't get it wrong if
it comes out in your sacred tongue, or rather, English tests. go up
the stairs means to 'go up the stairs'!
The 1st volume was published in April 2009, so the 12th volume's
release date in April 2013, would mean the SAO series has been
going on for four whole years. In the story, if we take the
beginning to be when SAO started its service in November 2022,
then as the Alicization Arc is in June 2026, roughly three years
and seven months have passed, haven't they. (Kirito did spend
another two years in the Underworld, though...)
I am of the mind that Kirito, as well as Asuna and the rest, have
gone through various experiences both in the real world and the
virtual world throughout that time span and developed further,
but on the other hand, I draw a complete blank when I think
about how I, the author, have changed. Are both my own self and
my living conditions due to Administrator-sama?! They have
stayed so utterly constant that I am conversely surprised. Behold,
not even the notebook PC I have used for writing has changed!
(the paint on the keyboard has been worn out from the abuse,
though)
305

Sword Art Online 012 – Alicization Rising
Chapter 8 - Central Cathedral

I wonder if this essentially means that I find all sorts of change
scary and troublesome. In actual fact, the bother of adapting to a
different environment overpowered my desire to switch to a new
PC and the course I ride on my bicycle each week has stayed the
same down to those turns I take... But I feel that my mind's idea
output will be reduced if I don't come into contact with new
worlds every now and then, so I hope to make this year, a year of
various changes. First will be to get a brand-new notebook PC... I
want to do that, but pasting on the protective film is such a
bother......
To the editors-in-charge who have taken care of me for so long,
Miki-san and Tsuchiya-san, and the one who has drawn the
illustrations with such spirit each time even throughout that
relentless schedule, abec-san, and also all of the readers who have
accompanied me on the SAO series thus far, I hope for your
support in the fifth year as well!
A Certain Day in February, 2013

Kawahara Reki

306

