2

4

6

7

8

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Chapter 20
Each of their Battles

7 July 2026 / Eighth Day1 of the Eleventh Month of the
Human Empire Calendar, 380
1
5:00 a.m.
More than 3,000 players gathered in a great dome in the World
Tree that stood in the heart of Alne City, at the center of the world
of ALfheim Online.
The winged knight monsters defending the dome’s roof gate had
been removed.2 Instead, the nine fairy races now used this space
to meet and negotiate, or as a venue for events.
Only four players were facing the roughly 3,000 other players who
had been gathered to this large, inconvenient meeting.
The hulking Gnome Agil, Salamander samurai Klein, Cait Sith beast
tamer Silica, and Leprechaun blacksmith Lisbeth — partners of
the «Black Swordsman» Kirito, who was still diving in
«Underworld», yet to awaken.
At 4:20 a.m., when Klein and Lisbeth had been sending out ingame messages to every single friend on their lists, there were
only three Lord-class players online. But, while pleading with
them and their subordinate officers, they resorted to the taboo
method of begging them to contact other players in real life. As a
result, all of the players currently in the square had managed to
assemble in just 40 minutes.
In this sizable, hemispherical space, nearly 30% of the floating or
standing players were using newly created accounts.
1
Kawahara made a typo and wrote “Seventh Day” instead. It has been corrected here.
2
Referenced in Volume 4, when Kirito fights the guardian monsters to attempt to ascend the World
Tree and save Asuna.

9

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

They were certainly not new to VRMMOs, however. They were
veterans of other The Seed games, diving here by request of
friends who had ALO accounts.
In other words, the 3,000 people gathered in this World Tree
dome were the elites of the elites among Japanese VRMMO
players. They were the final hope of Yui, the top-down AI: they
were the only force that could save the Human Empire Defense
Army in Underworld.
In the hushed dome, the Leprechaun blacksmith Lisbeth’s
magically amplified voice continued to broadcast emotionally.
“… What I’m telling you guys is not a lie, nor a joke! A Japanese
research organization has used our national budget and The Seed
to build a virtual world called «Underworld», and thousands of
American players who know nothing about it are about to dive in
and massacre the residents inside!”
Lisbeth felt embarrassed at her own nationalistic tone, but
remained encouraged by reassuring herself that was only to her
advantage; she continued shouting:
“The residents of Underworld aren’t just NPCs! They are true
artificial intelligence, born from the data of the countless VRMMO
worlds that you’ve all been playing in! They have emotions like we
do, they have souls like we do! Please, to protect them, please lend
us your strength! Please convert the character data that you all are
currently using into Underworld!”
Ending her five minute speech, Lisbeth surveyed the players, and
hoped.
The crowd of fairy faces only looked confused. Of course, there
was no way they could immediately understand just by suddenly
hearing all of this. Even Lisbeth herself still found it hazy after
listening to Yui’s explanation of Underworld’s structure, and the
«Artificial Fluctlights» living within.
An elegant hand rose out of the shocked, clamoring players.
10

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Sylph Lord Sakuya came walking out, her slender body wrapped
in green robes.
“Lisbeth. I don’t think that you and your friends would do all of
this just as a prank, and what’s more, there must be something big
if even that Kirito boy hasn’t logged in for ten days. But…”
Sakuya’s fluent and calm voice wavered in perplexity.
“… To be honest, it’s difficult to believe this all of a sudden. There
exists AI with human souls, and the American military is trying to
seize them…? It’s all terribly far-fetched… Of course, to prove your
words, we’d only have to log in and see for ourselves… But you
just mentioned that diving into «Underworld» involves a few
problems, right? Could you explain them first?”
— This moment has finally come.
Lisbeth took a deep breath, and closed her eyes for a moment.
This is the moment of truth. If I fail here, no one will come help us
at all.
Snapping her eyes open and giving a sweeping look to Sakuya, the
other Lords in front of her, and the countless players, Lisbeth
replied adamantly:
“Okay. — Underworld doesn’t operate like a normal VRMMO game
at all, so there’ll be a few problems when you dive into it. First of
all, there’s no controllable UI in Underworld. In other words, you
can’t log out on your own.”
The hubbub suddenly became louder.
Can’t log out on your own; was this not a phrase that conjured
images of that death game from the past, «Sword Art Online»?
These days, all games built off The Seed, including ALO, provided
two ways of logging out: either by controlling the UI or through a
voice command.

11

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“The only way to log out is to ‘die’ inside. But that brings me to the
second problem. In Underworld… there’s no Pain Absorber. If you
take heavy damage that reduces your HP to zero, you should feel
rather severe pain.”
The uproar grew even louder.
Pain isolation was a compulsory feature of any modern VR server.
In virtual worlds without this function, getting slashed by a sword
or burnt with fire would hurt as intensely as it would in the real
world. Depending on the circumstances, bruises might even
appear on one’s physical skin.
Yet there was a far more severe problem that came with this dive.
Waiting until the disturbance subsided slightly, Lisbeth then
informed the players of the third and greatest sacrifice.
“— One more. Underworld servers are currently in a state where
even the developers can’t operate them. Which means… we can’t
guarantee that everyone’s character data can be converted back to
their original games… In some situations, the characters
themselves might even be lost.”
After a short pause —
Terrifyingly loud roars of fury flooded the vast dome.
Lisbeth, Klein, Silica and Agil lined up in the middle of the floor,
with Yui standing on Klein’s shoulder in her tiny pixie form;
standing silently, their bodies endured the wave of voices that
lashed at them from all directions.
This reaction was exactly what they had expected.
The 3,000 top players had spent inordinate amounts of time and
effort raising their characters. For ALO, they had spent hours
furiously slaying monsters that yielded only one experience point;
it was repeating the mundane task of emptying a lake with a
bucket, day after day.

12

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

How could they remain silent upon being told that there was a
chance of losing the characters they had built by infusing their
entire spirit into them?
“Y… You’re fuckin’ kidding me!!” A player who ran out of the
crowd shouted, jabbing his index finger at Lisbeth.
He was a Salamander dressed in crimson full-body armor,
carrying a battleaxe on his back. He appeared to be a Commanderlevel player just below Lord Mortimer and General Eugene.
Pushing up his helmet visor and exposing his eyes that scorched
with rage, the Salamander bellowed in a voice loud enough to shut
up the entire group behind him:
“You gather everyone here and tell us to dive into some fishy
server; that’s already pretty ridiculous. Now you’re telling me
about character loss?! How the fuck are you gonna pay us back if
they’re gone forever?! Or is this just a trap to weaken our entire
race?!”
“……… Gurgh!”
Lisbeth stuck out an arm to stop a red-faced Klein from jumping
forward, and tried her best to reply calmly:
“I’m sorry, we can’t. I know very well that the characters you’ve
trained are priceless. That’s why we’re pleading you to help us…
All I’m saying is, please help our friends in Underworld, they’re
putting their lives on the line to defend against the Americans’
attack.”
Even though she was not shouting anymore, Lisbeth’s voice still
carried across the entire dome. The Salamander seemed to hold in
his anger for a moment, but suddenly it came sputtering out
furiously again.
“The ‘friends’ you talk about are just the SAO survivors, aren’t
they?! Those guys who make that face that screams ‘I’m super
special’! I know all of it, you original SAO lot have always looked
down on us!!”
13

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Now it was Lisbeth’s turn to be speechless.
Lisbeth had never once had thoughts like those the Salamander
was accusing her of. But come to think of it, she could not be
entirely sure that such a mentality had never come to her. Having
situated her player home within floating New Aincrad instead of a
town on the ground, she almost never went below and talked only
to her old friends; that much was true.
The Salamander continued relentlessly, as though seeing through
Lisbeth’s hesitation:
“Who cares about artificial intelligence, or national secrets?! Don’t
get too cocky and bring real world shit into a VRMMO! You can go
by yourself for that kind of stuff! Isn’t that better, you splendid,
noble Great Survivor?!!”
Yeah, get lost; curses like those began to rouse the crowd.
— I can’t do it.
My words can’t get through to them at all.
Lisbeth couldn’t help but feel tears welling up as she looked
imploringly towards the strong, native ALO players whom she
knew well — Sylph Lord Sakuya, Salamander General Eugene, and
Cait Sith Lord Alicia Rue.
Even though their eyes met hers, they remained silent.
Their blazing gazes merely stared at Lisbeth unswervingly. As
though they were saying, show us your determination.
Lisbeth took a deep breath, and shut her eyes tightly. She thought
of Asuna, who would be desperately fighting at this very moment;
Kirito, who was injured; Leafa and Sinon, who had rushed ahead
into Underworld.
— At my level, even if I convert over, I won’t be able to fight like
Asuna and everyone else. But there must be something I can do.
Right now, this place is my battlefield.

14

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Forcing her eyes open and wiping away her tears, Lisbeth began
her speech:
“… Yes, I brought some real world stuff here. And, as you said,
those who emerge from SAO may find it very easy to mix up
reality and virtual reality. However, I’m very certain that we’ve
never thought of ourselves as heroes.”
Gripping Silica’s hand, who stood teary-eyed to her right, she
continued:
“She and I currently attend a special school for the survivors you
mentioned. We have no choice, since our previous schools had
already dismissed us in the middle of the year. — All of the
students in the survivors’ school have to attend counseling
sessions every month. They monitor our brain waves with
AmuSpheres, and we’re asked lots of uncomfortable questions
like, ‘Have you lost your sense of reality’, or, ‘Do you want to harm
other people’. There are children who have been forced to drink
medicines they hate. To the government, we’re a reserve army of
criminals that needs constant supervision.”
Sometime during her speech, the waves of fury had calmed, and a
tense silence took over the dome. Even the Salamander had
widened his eyes in surprise.
Lisbeth had no idea where the flow of her speech should
terminate. She was only desperately converting her unstoppable
emotions and thoughts into words:
“But… to be honest, the old SAO players aren’t the only ones who
are treated like this. All VRMMO players are viewed this way,
more or less. Some say we’re just a heavy load on society who
contribute nothing, some say we’re escapists who don’t pay taxes
and pensions… There have even been calls for a return to
conscription, just to force us to serve society!”
Lisbeth could feel the surging anxiety of the thousands of players.
If only she poked it with a needle, rage twice as intense than
before would erupt.
15

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

But Lisbeth placed her left hand on her chest, and continued to
shout:
“But I know! And I believe! This is reality!!”
Her arms motioned towards her surroundings — towards the
whole of Alfheim.
“This world, and the many other virtual worlds connected to it,
are obviously not imaginary places that we escape to! To me, there
are real lives here, real friends, real laughter, tears, encounters,
and farewells… This is ‘reality’!! I’m not alone, am I?! It’s because
we believe this world is another reality that we try as hard as we
do, right?! Yet, if we see this as only a game, as only a virtual
world, and abandon it, then where is our ‘reality’…?!!”
Unable to hold them back any longer, Lisbeth felt tears rolling
down her face. But she did not wipe them away, and squeezed out
her last words:
“… The numerous worlds that everyone raised; they came
together like this World Tree, and the tree has grown. Now that
the blossom called Underworld has finally bloomed, I want to
protect it! Please, I beg of you… lend your strength to us…!!”
Lisbeth reached out towards the roof of the dome.
In her vision trembling with tears, phosphorescence sparkled,
falling from thousands of fairy wings.
***
A brilliant silver light drew a long, bright arc in the dawn.
A second later, with a dry snap, a thick rope was severed, and
danced in the air like a black serpent. The tens of enemy soldiers
hanging from the rope were plunged into the bottomless valley,
howling. The «Twin Edged Wings», the Divine Instrument that had
cut the rope, turned in a sharp curve and returned to the hands of
Integrity Knight Renri Synthesis Twenty-Seven.

16

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Although Renri had already quickly cut five of the ten ropes set up
by the Dark Territory army to cross the valley, his face showed no
sense of accomplishment or pride. Rather, he seemed like he was
being tormented by the merciless order to sever the literal
lifelines of the enemy soldiers, who were sacrificing themselves to
cross the valley.
The same went for Asuna, who was beside Renri and clutched the
reins atop a white horse.
When Asuna, Renri, Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty,
Integrity Knight Sheyta Synthesis Twelve, and Integrity Knight
Commander Bercouli Synthesis One arrived on horseback,
hundreds of enemy soldiers had already crossed the valley, and
began valiantly attacking them to protect the remaining ropes. A
great number of enemies were killed by the three foremost
Knights: Bercouli, Sheyta, and Alice. A few tried to flank Renri
from the side, forcing Asuna to swing her own sword.
In the virtual world «Underworld», based on the The Seed
program, Sword Skills and Horse Riding from the SAO era were
still usable.
Not only that, Asuna was using the Super Account «Stacia,
Goddess of Creation», whose every parameter was very close to
the upper limit; in addition, the specs of her equipped rapier,
«Radiant Light», were beyond that of the Integrity Knights’ Divine
Instruments. Therefore, even «Linear», a basic Sword Skill, could
easily pierce through a Dark Knight’s armor or a Fist Fighter’s
hulking frame.
Nevertheless, the blood spraying from enemies’ wounds, their
aggrieved screams, and their lost lives, were all real.
The people of Underworld, whether they came from the Human
Empire or the Dark Land, all possessed souls of exactly the same
nature as Asuna’s — Fluctlights.

17

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Her opponents were unquestionably real people just like her, yet
they could be killed in one strike just because of some game-like
status values and weapon specifications; this truth gave rise to an
unbearable pain and dreadful feeling to Asuna’s heart.
What was more, despite how they charged forward with tragic
resolve, it was clear that the Dark Knights and Fist Fighters were
not doing so of their own volition.
These Artificial Fluctlights possessed the trait of being utterly
unable to resist their superior’s orders. Under the command of
«Vector, God of Darkness», a real world human using a Super
Account like Asuna, they continued their attack despite
everything, even knowing that they were dying in vain. In another
sense, they were but victims, dragged into a real world battle over
technology.
But Asuna still strove with all her might to dispel this thought
from her mind.
Right now, her utmost priority was to protect the «Radiant
Medium» Alice, whom Vector was pursuing — and Kirito, who was
in the encampment behind them.
She’d heard that the only human resources left in the Dark
Territory army were these Fist Fighters and Dark Knights. If they
could take advantage of this reckless valley crossing operation
and erode their main force, Vector would be left helpless.
“— All right, the sixth one next!!”
Integrity Knight Bercouli’s firm, vigorous voice carried over and
disrupted Asuna’s train of thought. Only after Alice, Sheyta, and
Renri immediately replied to acknowledge, did Asuna follow suit.
Just as they turned their horses around and prepared to move
west, the sharp blast of a horn came from behind.

18

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

At a backward glance, they could see the Guardians3 of the Human
Empire decoy squad atop a hill a kilometer away, surging down in
orderly formation.
Having completed their preparations just fifteen minutes after the
Integrity Knights did, they were coming from the encampment to
assist.
“They’re such… a restless bunch.”
Bercouli’s words were bitter, but since nearly 500 Fist Fighters
had successfully crossed the valley, it wasn’t a bad time for
reinforcements to arrive. As long as the Guardians could hold off
the enemy army, cutting the last five ropes would be much
simpler.
— Seems like we’ve won this battle, Vector-san.
Asuna said softly in her heart —
Before she could finish, a peculiar phenomenon entered her
vision.
Against the blood-red rising sun, mysterious objects began to fall
from high in the sky.
Red lines. Not just one. Tens… Hundreds.
No, thousands.
The lines seemed to consist of tiny dots, linked together. Squinting
her eyes, she saw that each dot was either a number, or a letter
from the English alphabet.
These mysterious bunches of lines poured silently down onto
their side of the valley, roughly one or two kilometers east of the
battlefield.
Slowly, not just Asuna, but also the Integrity Knights, and even the
Dark Knights and Fist Fighters of the Dark Territory, all ceased
their actions to watch this bizarre event.
3

Referred to in previous volumes as “Guards”. Retconned to make it sound better.

19

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The first red line that jabbed into the cracked earth became a
small pile and shook —
It took only a few seconds to turn into a human form.
***
What he saw made Fist Fighter Chief Iskahn forget the rage
coursing through his body, even if it was just for a split second.
— What are those?
On the other side of the great valley, the five hundred Dark Land
soldiers who had successfully crossed the rope bridge were about
to fearlessly engage the five Integrity Knights.
Yet their movements had suddenly stopped, and all had turned
their astonished eyes outside of the battlefield.
Iskahn’s face, as though pulled along by this scene, unconsciously
swiveled in the same direction. There, he saw a torrential crimson
rain, falling two kilol to their east.
With a odd thundering, countless red lines tumbled from the
heavens. They swelled up upon touching the ground, and rapidly
molded into human shapes.
Warriors appeared before them, their bodies secured completely
in crimson armor, equipped with long swords, battleaxes, and
spears.
Although its color was different, the shape of their armor was very
similar to that of the Dark Knight Order. At a glance, they seemed
to be Emperor Vector’s divinely summoned reinforcements.
Then, Iskahn distinctly felt that something was ineffably queer.
These red infantrymen were standing without any sense of
discipline or regulation. It was completely unlike the Knights
trained under Dark General Shasta, who was now deceased. Some
were chatting casually with swagger, some sat on the ground, and
some even drew their weapons and waved them around without
waiting for orders.
20

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The most striking thing was — their number.
After the peculiar rain stopped, the legion appearing on the
ground had swelled to an unbelievable size.
He estimated that they numbered far beyond ten thousand,
twenty thousand… It looked like thirty thousand people. If the
Dark Knight Order had such a powerful backup team, they would
have abandoned the Ten Lords’ combined regime long ago and
brought the entire Dark Territory under Shasta’s rule.
What was more, shocked and disturbed murmurs were breaking
out even among the Dark Knights in the troops on this side of the
valley. Even they are clueless. What the heck is that?
In this case, these red soldiers were the true “Dark Legion”, which
their Emperor, Dark God Vector, had summoned with secret arts
from the depths below.
As he realized this, Iskahn’s shock changed to fury.
If he could summon an army as large as that —
Why didn’t he do it earlier?! Weren’t the Fist Fighters and Dark
Knights who had perished in this pointless valley-crossing
operation just lures that served only to attract the enemy now?!
Wait — what if that’s really the case??
Had the Emperor only given the order to forcibly begin that
unprecedented, suicidal operation in order to buy time to
summon his own subordinates?
…… No.
Not just this operation. During the entire battle at the Great
Eastern Gate, the loss of the Dark Land army’s strength was
beyond abnormal. Whether it was the Goblins, the Giants, the
Ogres, or even the Dark Sorceress’ Guild, they were all annihilated.
Yet the Emperor didn’t even bat an eye, let alone mourn their
deaths.

21

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

In other words, to Emperor Vector, the fifty thousand people of
the Dark Land army had been expendable pawns from the very
beginning!
Before that moment, Iskahn, the young chief of the Fist Fighters’
Guild, had merely been a young man uninterested in anything
other than training his own skills, and the rise of his tribe.
But in this very second, his thought process had, for the first time,
risen to a point from which he was able to view the entire Dark
Territory, the Human Empire, and the entire Underworld. This
perspective created an unsolvable conflict in his mind.
The Emperor was the strongest one. He must obey the strongest
one, unquestioningly.
But.
But —
“Gurgh…!”
Excruciating pain, like nothing he had ever felt before, pierced his
right eye. Iskahn groaned as he covered the right side of his face.
The Fist Fighter Chief stumbled, and dropped to his knees.
With difficulty, he could make out over thirty thousand crimson
soldiers beginning to run, speaking an unintelligible language.
At the location they were running to, nearly one thousand Human
Empire soldiers quickly combined with the Integrity Knights and
arranged themselves into a counterattack formation.
Between the two sides, five hundred Fist Fighters and Dark
Knights stood still, utterly lost.
It seemed that, despite the mercilessness of the Emperor’s
strategy, he had at least saved the lives of these five hundred
warriors.
Iskahn consoled himself as he massaged the intense pain in his
right eye.
22

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

— Even after all of their suffering, he had still underestimated just
how cruel Vector really was.
The instant that the five hundred Dark Territory soldiers, the
Human Empire soldiers, and the summoned Dark Legion met —
Countless swords, countless battleaxes, and countless spears
reflected the sunlight —
Then, with bloodthirsty howls, they were swung at the Fist
Fighters, who were supposed to be their comrades.
***
“Those guys… Why?!”
It was Asuna’s first time hearing such a shocked yell from Knight
Commander Bercouli, but words failed her.
The 30,000 soldiers who suddenly descended… no, dived to the
east of the battlefield, had undoubtedly been summoned by
Emperor Vector.
But where on earth did he get so many people?
Did he directly create system-controlled monster-type characters?
But the central console was already locked, and this type of
administrator-privileged operation was impossible; the only way
to introduce new fighters was to create a character in the real
world, then dive in like Asuna had, but the attackers only had two
STLs.
Asuna sank into the chaos of the moment —
Her bewilderment was shattered by the roars of the red troops
that had already approached within a few hundred meters.
“Charge ahead!!”
“Give ‘em hell!!”
— English!

23

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Those people are all humans from the real world — judging by
their accent, they’re Americans!
But, why would they be here… This is a genuinely different world,
completely cut off from the real world…
No.
No —
Maybe, to the people diving in with STLs, Underworld was actually
a different world created through the “Mnemonic Visual” with
realism rivaling that of the real world. However, the generic
VRMMO template «The Seed» had also been used to design this
world. In other words, as long as one used an AmuSphere, they
could dive into this world using a low-end server based on
polygonal construction — furthermore, the Ocean Turtle had a
large, military-grade bandwidth satellite connection.
Then, if someone were to write a client program that included
Underworld central server address and the accompanying account
information, and disseminate it in the real world —
Not just several tens of thousands; summoning an army of
hundreds of thousands was certainly not impossible.
But what shocked Asuna the most was how those crimson soldiers
acted; they had started to directly attack their supposed allies, the
Dark Land Knights and the Fist Fighter army, without any
hesitation.
“Wh, what are they…?!”
“Aren’t they supposed to be our allies?!!”
The Knights screamed desperately while trying to defend against
the attack, but their numbers were already far too
disproportionate, and on top of that, the crimson soldiers’
weapons and armor were of much higher specs than the Dark
Land army’s equipment.

24

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

One after another the swords and shields started breaking apart,
and together with the agonizing screams from the collision of both
armies, innumerable spurts of blood began gushing out.
“Dude that’s awesome!!”
“Pretty gore!!”
These Americans were probably completely unaware of the true
nature of this battle. They were probably under the impression
that their diving in was merely taking part in an open beta test for
some new VRMMO. Therefore, she could not blame them for
swinging their swords and killing everyone. After all, to them,
these soldiers were not conscious beings equal to humans; they
were NPCs, mere trifles. Of course, not everyone was atrociously
evil; in the real world, they were still VRMMO players who could
be friendly and work together with other players on the same
server. If there was time to inform them of the true nature behind
Underworld and the Artificial Fluctlights, Asuna believed that
most of them would immediately drop their weapons.
But they hadn’t such leisure right now. Even if Asuna tried to step
into the battlefield and explain the situation in English, they would
just think of her as an NPC speaking preset lines. If they were told
“killing enemies right now will earn you points, which you can
exchange for rare items after the official release”, even the
Japanese players would do the exact same thing.
In short, verbally convincing them was impossible.
The people the Americans were trying to kill were not NPCs, but
artificial Fluctlights carrying real souls. After finishing off the
soldiers of the Dark Territory, those of the Human World would
surely be next. Then, as the only one present inhabiting a transient
body, she had to fight.
With that resolve, Asuna raised the rapier in her right hand and
began to quickly chant a command.
“System call! Create field object!”
25

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

A polychromatic spectrum of rays gathered on her sword.
There was currently no way to create a bottomless canyon like she
had last night; if she did so, she would also cut off the Human
Empire Army’s path of return. Thus Asuna instead imagined a
gigantic rock as sharp as a spear, and slashed her sword down.
Laa—. with a solemn sound effect, the spectrum of rays shot from
her sword tip directly into the ground, slightly beyond where the
American and Dark Territory armies collided.
The ground before her suddenly shook violently and a steep peak
surged out of the ground, rising nearly 30 meters high at once. The
tens of crimson soldiers standing atop it were all sent flying.
Four more mountains burst from the ground, shooting into the air,
and the ground swayed without pause. Shouting earsplitting
curses in English, several hundred crimson-armored bodies were
thrown high; some were pierced by the rocks, while others landed
heavily on the ground in a storm of flesh and blood.
Asuna could not summon the willpower to imagine how those
people felt before dying, because a harsh, searing pain suddenly
shot through her mind and caused her to collapse on the back of
the horse.
Silver sparks scattered in her vision as she struggled to breathe
and began to hyperventilate. The pain now was much worse than
when she had created the deep canyon last night. Asuna was now
personally experiencing the torment of massive amounts of
geographical data coursing through her soul… The raw feeling of
her Fluctlight being worn away.
— But I must not fall here.
If this was how Kirito was injured, this was how she wanted it to
be. Asuna thought this as she clenched her teeth, and pulled
herself up onto the saddle.
The zeal with which the American players came from the east side
of the battlefield seemed less ardent than before.
26

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

But since the five rocky hills were only around 500 meters wide,
the players would soon pass around them.
I must create a rock wall in the south, so that the Human Empire
Army can retreat.
Asuna raised her trembling right hand, panting —
But it was seized tightly by another armored hand, which reflected
the shining gleam of dawn.
“… Alice?!…” She called the golden knight’s name in a hoarse voice.
The golden knight’s beautiful white face showed steely resolve as
she shook her head.
“Don’t push yourself anymore, Asuna. Leave it to us Integrity
Knights now.”
“B… But, those people are enemies from the Real World… from my
world…!”
“… Even so, if it’s just some tens of thousands of bloodthirsty guys
waving their weapons around, it won’t be enough to scare us.”
“Yep, and that’s why it’s our time to shine.”
Bercouli added with an untroubled grin.
Although the Knights’ tones of voice eased the current situation,
Asuna still detected tragic understanding in their faces, worse
than before.
The crimson tsunami of enemies numbered more than 30 times
that of the Human Empire Army.
This was no longer something they could face merely with
courage. But the Knight Commander raised his longsword high,
high in the air, and shouted an order in an extraordinarily
irrepressible voice.
“Listen up! All units, assume a dense formation! Do not let the
enemy breakthrough anywhere!”
27

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

***
“Oh… Ohh…”
What came from Iskahn’s mouth was no longer human language.
“Oh… OHHHHHHHHHH — !”
Blood dribbled from the fists clenched at his sides. But the young
Fist Fighter roared like a wild beast, seeming not to feel pain.
Iskahn’s aide Dampe standing still by his side seemed to share
Iskahn’s feelings, and was looking down, deeply… deeply.
All dead. All consumed.
His tribal warriors, in a storm of chaos, had perished, defenseless
against the approaching dark cloud of swords, their souls lost in a
mist of blood.
Moreover, the soldiers still crossing the valley on the five ropes
were unable to stop, because the Emperor’s order of “reach the
other side” still affected them. They could only obey their absolute
master, precariously cross the rope bridge, then be surrounded by
the crimson army and torn apart indiscriminately.
Why — Why hadn’t the Emperor given an order to stop crossing
the valley, or for that army to stop attacking the friendly Dark
Territory army?
Were his tribal warriors not even lures, but mere sacrifices
offered to that summoned crimson legion now?
“Must… To the Emperor…”
He must report to the Emperor. He must request that he stop this
operation.
Furious and desperate, Iskahn took a slow step towards the
imperial throne carriage behind him. The entire right half of his
vision turned deep red, and spates of excruciating pain assaulted
his right eye.

28

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Then, his aide Dampe looked at him, his now contorted face
seemingly trying to say something.
Just then, a gargantuan black silhouette flew overhead.
Iskahn and Dampe instinctively looked up towards the shadow in
the sky; it was a dragon.
Riding on top of the jet black armor was a figure with long, flowing
golden hair dressed in a lustrous fur mantle — Emperor Vector
himself.
“Ah… AH…!!”
As though he had heard Iskahn’s involuntary shout, the seated
Emperor glanced quickly at the ground. No emotions could be
read from his dark pupils. It was an icy glance that contained not a
sliver of compassion— not even a speck of interest for his
soldiers, who were dying in vain.
Then, Emperor Vector turned away from Iskahn, and directed his
dragon south of the valley.
This is— the god. This is the ruler.
But, if this is the ruler, if this is the strongest being with unrivalled
power—
He must take the according responsibility!!
Leading his subordinate army, ruling over his subjects, bringing
the nation to prosperity; those are the duties of a ruler. Therefore,
someone who sends several tens of thousands of lives to their end
without even using them, without feeling anything at all — the
Emperor — right eye — isn’t qualified — right eye hurts — to be a
ruler…!!
“Uwo…. OH… OHHHHHHH!!”
Iskahn thrust his right fist high, and curled his finger into a hook.
Without hesitation, he stabbed it into the source of blazing heat
blocking his thoughts — his own right eye.
29

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Ch… Chief!! What are you doing?!”
The young Fist Fighter stuck out his left hand to block Dampe
from approaching him, and with a bellow, ripped his right eyeball
from its socket. The white sphere gave off a strange gleam from
within his fist, but as it shattered, that light disappeared as well.
As of now, Iskahn had not reached the point of completing
removing «Code 871» through his own willpower, like Alice and
Eugeo. Therefore, he was still unable to initiate any sort of
traitorous intent directly towards the Emperor, or refuse the
Emperor’s two orders: “continue the valley crossing operation”
and “You yourself may not cross the rope bridge”.
However, he had discovered a rather barbaric method to evade
the Emperor’s orders — and this method itself was asymptotically
close to betrayal.
Iskahn spun around and spoke to Dampe staring at him
speechlessly.
“The Emperor hasn’t told us anything regarding those crimson
soldiers, has he?”
“Ah… No, he hasn’t. But…”
“Then, if we were to kill all of them, it would have nothing to do
with the Emperor.”
“… Champion…”
Iskahn gazed at the dumbstruck Dampe with his remaining eye,
and ordered.
“Listen up… After crossing the bridge, all tribe members will
attack that crimson army. No matter what, we must save our
partners.”
“Hah…?! The ‘bridge’ you refer to, how… would…”
“You know what I’m going to do. I leave it to you, then.”
With those calm words, Iskahn turned towards the valley.
30

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Suddenly, roaring flames enfolded his feet.
Then the king of the Fist Fighters slowly began to run towards the
valley, leaving a trail of blazing footprints behind him. He ran
faster and faster, finally transforming into a flash of fire.
If I can’t cross the rope bridge… then all I gotta do is fly over!
Screaming that in his chest, he flung his left foot over the roughly
hundred-mel-wide gorge.
“Jumping” was a very important skill in a Fist Fighter’s training.
This training slowly progressed from being able to jump over a
safe sand pit, to sharpening one’s willpower by crossing knife
mountains and oil-filled vats, and served as the basis of forming
one’s own firm confidence to their own jump; «incarnation», in
other words.
Eventually, the jumping distance of a top-notch warrior could
surpass 20 mel. In this flightless world, this was the extent of a
human body’s physical jumping distance.
Yet what Iskahn needed to cross now was a bottomless canyon
whose width was five times this limit. The Fist Fighter stared
straight ahead, his heart still as he leapt into the air, his body
dragging a long trail of flames.
Ten mel. Twenty mel. His body rose still.
Thirty mel. Thirty-five mel. A strong wind blew from the valley
below, pushing the Fist Fighter up as though he possessed
invisible wings, propelling him even higher.
Forty mel.
Just a bit more — he only needed to rise a bit more… Then he
could rely on momentum to reach the other side —
But.

31

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Just before he reached the very center of the valley, the upwards
wind mercilessly ceased. The Fist Fighter’s body instantly lost its
upward momentum; the trajectory of his jump reached its
maximum, and he began to fall in an arc.
He was… five mel from the other edge.
“UWOOOOOHHH!!”
Iskahn screamed, flinging his right hand forward, attempting to
grab something out of thin air. But no place existed for his hand or
foot to grab onto; only endless, cold air extended on and on from
below the darkness under his feet, wrapping around his body that
was about to fall.
Just then —
“CHAMPIOOOOOOOOOON!!”
A tremendously thick roar reached Iskahn’s ears.
He twisted his head around.
His own aide, Dampe, had wrapped his right hand around a
boulder larger than his own head, and was preparing to throw it.
The Fist Fighter chief instantly realized what his loyal
subordinate, who often followed him around, planned to do. But
— throwing that gigantic boulder more than fifty mel was
definitely impossible for a human…
Gowa.
Dampe’s right hand suddenly swelled, his muscles bulging and
veins swelling, as though his entire body’s strength had
concentrated in one spot.
“OHHHHH!!”
The giant man bellowed, ran a few steps, and flung the boulder
from his right hand with all his might.

32

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As the air trembled violently, the boulder shot out as though it had
been launched by a catapult — then, the Fist Fighter’s right hand
exploded, flesh and blood flying in all directions.
Iskahn imprinted the image of Dampe collapsing to the ground
firmly in his left eye, clenched his teeth, and focused all his
concentration on the boulder flying directly at him.
“… YAAAAAAAH!!”
With a shout, he stomped his left foot on the boulder.
Bagaaan!! The boulder shattered against the impact, but Iskahn’s
small body was propelled upwards. The swordsmen battling on
the other side of the valley were now closer to him.
***
“Damn!!”
Asuna tugged her rapier from the body of a cursing American
player while breathing heavily atop her horse.
This was different when she was fighting the Dark Territory
people earlier; she no longer had to deal with the mental strain of
taking a person’s life. Asuna, previously known as “The Flash”,
then the “Berserk Healer”, was finally able to initiate combo
Sword Skills; the number of crimson soldiers who fell by her
sword rapidly grew above ten.
But — despite that, there were just too many enemies!!
Not just Asuna, the Human Empire Defense Army soldiers and the
four Integrity Knights also fought like fierce gods, and finally
carved a bloody opening to the south. Bodies had piled up into
mountains in front of the soldiers advancing in tight formation.
However, they were utterly unable to counter the waves of
crimson soldiers streaming endlessly around the rocky
mountains, and could only try their utmost to fight back and hold
their current position.

33

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Most importantly, they very quickly realized that the bodies of the
enemies they destroyed would evaporate within tens of seconds,
leaving not a trace of blood on the ground — they realized that
their opponents were not real live people, but an army of
phantoms. Then…
“Uwah… No… AAAAHHH — !!”
A sudden explosive scream made Asuna spin her head around.
— Then, she saw that a hole had opened in the Guardians’
defensive line, and the Americans were pouring in like black mud,
throwing themselves with dirty curses at the weak Guardians. The
Guardians were surrounded by enemies numbering several times
more than them, and executed; flesh and blood flew into the air,
and shrieks of pain slowly turned into dying screams. This
extremely realistic picture of death seemed to stimulate the
crimson soldiers’ bloodthirst even further, and they launched
themselves towards new prey with renewed savagery.
“Stop it…. STOP IT…!!” Asuna cried.
She clearly understood that she was supposed to ignore the
sacrifices of some of the troops, and push south as hard as she
could. But she couldn’t control herself anymore and jumped off
from her horse.
“STOP IT — !!”
Charging into the deadly crimson current alone, her scream was as
bitter as blood.
She knew the American players were only being used, but even so,
she could not suppress her boiling anger any longer.
Zzkukukuk —!!
Her right hand flashed, and «Radiant Light» stabbed straight
through the visors of the crimson helmets. Four fatally wounded
people dropped their longswords and crumpled to the ground,
screaming.
34

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Judging by their reactions, Asuna could see that although they had
dived in with AmuSpheres, they were not protected by its Pain
Absorber. In truth, Asuna had realized that long ago, so she had
tried to make her attacks fatal stabs to the heart, instantly killing
the person and logging them out of the game, yet this logic had
also evaporated.
She now relied on her sword’s Priority to stab through the
enemies’ armor, dispatching them instantly, and sometimes even
cleaving the enemies’ swords in two.
To the Americans, the enemies before them were mere polygons,
and their blood was also computer-generated special effects. Yet
to Asuna, who dived in through the STL, they were real, live
human beings, and their spurting blood was chillingly warm,
exuding a nauseating coppery odor.
Some time later, the pool of blood reached Asuna’s feet, and she
accidentally slipped and fell. The hulking soldiers then instantly
surrounded her as she was sprawled on the ground.
“Take this!!”
A battleaxe swung down, and Asuna frantically dodged right. But
before she should pull back her left arm, the heavy axe had
already roared past.
Gatsu.
With a crunching noise, her left arm was severed down the middle
to her elbow, and it flopped uselessly in the air.
“… AAHH — !!”
Excruciating pain blinded Asuna as her breathing froze and she
went numb. A moment later, she breathed heavily and managed to
cradle her left arm, which was spurting blood. But through her
streaming tears, she watched in despair as the four or five black
shadows surrounding her had already raised their weapons.
Suddenly —
35

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The head of the man with the giant axe seemed to explode in a
storm of flesh and blood.
Asuna heard heavy impacts like that of a machinegun. Every time
an impact resonated, the body of a soldier attempting to slash
towards her shattered and disappeared from view.
“Hmph… Why are these guys so soft?”
Asuna endured the agony and pushed herself up; before her was a
lean, short young man with hair standing straight up like flames.
— Someone from the Dark Territory!
Asuna inhaled sharply and forgot her pain for a moment. From the
color of his skin and the single leather strap tied around his entire
body, he was unmistakably a member of the Fist Fighter tribe she
had fought minutes ago.
But why would someone under Emperor Vector’s rule attack the
crimson soldiers that Emperor Vector had summoned?
— It’s as if he had run over just to help Asuna.
Asuna looked down and noticed that the man only had one red eye
left, an ugly wound was left in his right eye socket, and trails of
blood were plastered on his face like tears; the blood looked fresh.
W ith his remaining eye, the young Fist Fighter looked askance at
an American approaching him, and raised his right fist high.
That sharply defined fist was suddenly wrapped in roaring flames.
“Wa… RAAAAAAHHH!!”
With a scream that sounded like tearing cloth, the fist struck the
ground.
Guwa!!
From where his fist hit the ground, a semicircular shockwave blew
forward like a wall of fire, relentlessly expelling all of the crimson
soldiers before them into the air.
36

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

— What strength!
Asuna gaped. If she fought this person now, she might lose…
The Fist Fighter wordlessly stretched out and grabbed Asuna’s
armor with his left arm, forcefully pulled her up, and gazed at her
with his remaining eye.
“… Let’s make a deal.”

37

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

38

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Asuna couldn’t immediately understand what this young but acrid
voice wanted to convey.
“A… deal?”
“Yeah. You’re the one who made those rock spears and that valley,
weren’t you? Listen, make a bridge across that valley, doesn’t
matter how narrow it is. That way, we four thousand warriors of
the Fist Fighters’ Guild can fight alongside you for now, until we
finish off this crimson army.”
Fight alongside — the Dark Territory army?
Was such a thing possible? The people of the Dark Land, no, all the
people of this world should be unable to disobey their superior’s
orders, due to the existence of «Code 871».
But the young man before her had no right eye at all. Did this
mean that he had broken the seal on his own? Had he, like Alice,
evolved into a Fluctlight capable of breaking the boundaries of this
world?
Alice had said last night: “To lose «Code 871», the eye must
completely explode”, but his wound didn’t look like the product of
an exploded right eye at all, it looked more like the entire eyeball
had been torn out by force… What was she to do, then?
Asuna’s momentary hesitation was broken by howls and sword
slashes coming from her right.
“This person, is likely to not be lying.”
The one who cleaved off the heads of a few approaching soldiers
with a jet black longsword so thin it was nearly invisible, was the
gray-haired female Integrity Knight, Sheyta Synthesis Twelve.
Catching sight of Sheyta, a boastful yet somehow embarrassed
grin broke out on the young Fist Fighter’s face. “Hey,” he replied.
The instant she saw this smile, Asuna made her decision.
— I’ll believe him.
39

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

This was probably the last time she would be able to use the
«geographical manipulation» ability. So wouldn’t it be better spent
on creation rather than destruction?
“… I understand, leave the bridge to me.”
Asuna moved her right hand away from the wound on her left
wrist, and raised her rapier into the air with her right hand.
Laa────────.
The solemn sound of angelic song was heard as multicolored
aurorae shot into the heavens and extended due north, crossed
the entire valley, and connected to the other side.
With a sonorous thundering, the ground underneath began to
tremble.
Everyone watched as two stone columns suddenly protruded
from both sides of the canyon and slowly extended further and
further, then joined together in the middle, widened, and finally
became a stone bridge sufficient for crossing.
“OOOOHHHH, AHHHHHHH!!”
The furious bellows of the four thousand members of the Fist
Fighters’ Guild were several times louder than the tremors just
then. Led by a giant, one-armed man, they converged at the stone
bridge.
A headache several times more painful than the agony at her arm
suddenly pummeled her; Asuna nearly lost consciousness, and
had to lean on her rapier to avoid falling.
She could no longer see Alice, who was supposed to be guiding the
entire Human Empire Army and cutting a bloody path through the
enemy lines.
Asuna could only hope that she would be safe… and that the Fist
Fighter army would fight together with them like their chief
promised.
— Kirito-kun, I’m going now, okay?
40

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Silently murmuring the name of her loved one, her pain seemed to
fly far, far away.
***
About a minute prior, at the southernmost edge of the battlefield
—
Integrity Knight Alice had already cut down countless crimson
soldiers who charged forward one after another.
These guys — were a bit strange.
They were neither aware that they were swordsmen, nor trained
in sword skills; they merely swarmed forward, stepping over their
comrades’ bodies and screaming in a strange tongue. It almost
seemed as though they were completely unaware of the value of
life — their enemies’ lives, and even their partners’ lives, all
seemed worthless to them. It was as if they didn’t even care about
their own lives.
If the people who lived in the Real World were like this, it seemed
that Asuna was exactly right in that “the other side” was not a
kingdom of gods after all.
With the endless massacre and endlessly appearing enemies, even
Alice’s reaction speed began to slow.
She’d had enough. This wasn’t a battle at all.
Quickly — quickly break through their ranks, and get out of here.
“Get out of the way… GET OUT OF MY WAAAAAYYY!!”
She screamed shrilly as the Fragrant Olive Sword slashed
sideways. The heads and hands of the enemies scattered to the
ground.
“System call!”
Then, she began rapidly chanting an incantation, formed ten
Thermal Elements, molded them into a fiery lance, and shot it.
“Discharge!”
41

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

BOOM!!
Although it wasn’t Deusolbert’s Conflagrant Flame Bow, a gigantic
explosion pierced the entire enemy formation and tore open a
hole.
And beyond it was —
She saw it. A hill, rising out of the black ground.
If she could break through the encirclement and get over there,
she could use the Spatial Resources scattered around the
battlefield to initiate the “Sealed Mirror Light Art”, and burn all of
these crimson soldiers to a crisp.
“OUT OF MY WAAAAAY!!”
Alice screeched and kicked off the ground.
“… Lil’ Miss!!”
Knight Commander Bercouli’s shout came from behind. But Alice
did not hear his next words: Don’t go forward anymore.
— Almost there. We can almost break out.
Her feet unstopping, sword slashing at the last enemy blocking
her, Alice finally broke out of the seemingly infinite circle of
enemies and charged into the southern wilderness.
She slid her beloved sword into its sheath and continued her
sprint, gulping down the fresh air that smelled of blood.
Suddenly, her surroundings darkened.
Has the sun been blocked out? Alice thought for a moment.
Then suddenly, she felt a heavy blow on her back, and was
grabbed by a dragon’s leg suddenly passing over; by the time she
noticed, she was already being lifted by its claws.
Alice tried to activate her Armament Full Control Art, but before
she could finish chanting, her field of vision began to be enveloped
in darkness, and a biting chill filled her body.
42

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Was it a Dark Art from the rider of the dragon? — No, that wasn’t
it. Her very consciousness was fading away, being sucked into an
infinite darkness.
This was the enemy’s Incarnation, completely different from
Knight Commander Bercouli’s polished steel-like Incarnation, and
also different from the Highest Minister Administrator’s
scorching, all-consuming Incarnation; it absorbed everything and
seized everything: an Incarnation of nothingness.
That was the last thing Alice could think of before her
consciousness vanished.
***
To Emperor Vector / Gabriel Miller, this situation was a gamble.
Nonetheless, he firmly believed that as long as the several tens of
thousands of American players diving into the battlefield were
able to surround and attack the Human Empire Army, the
«Radiant Medium» Alice would certainly break out of the
encirclement alone — or with a small team — to initiate that huge
light ray attack.
That was why he had stayed on the back of his requisitioned
dragon, hovering far, far away from the battlefield and waited. He
felt like this had been the longest stretch of time since he had first
dived into Underworld.
But then, he finally saw it. The flash of golden light sprinting out
from the ant-like swarm of soldiers.
“Alice… Alicia.”
Gabriel smiled a rare, genuine smile as he whispered that name.
He whirled the reins in his hands, taking the dragon into a fast
dive.
His overwhelming imagination that formed an Incarnation of
nothingness had already consumed the dragon’s AI, turning it into
a controllable tool that slaved only for him.
43

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Under his command, the dragon plunged like a stone, its wings
silent, opened its right claws towards the ground and tightly
grasped the golden knight’s back.
Whoosh — !
Then, with the deafening noise of expanding wings, it flew back
into the sky.
He’d never paid any attention to the bloody battlefield he had
created.
To him, whatever happened next to the Dark Territory army, the
Human Empire Army, or the people he’d summoned from the real
world, had lost all value; none of it mattered anymore.
Now, he only needed to advance straight to the system console
nearest to his current location at the «World End Altar», and from
there, eject Alice’s soul to the real world, and log himself out.
Gabriel’s vision shifted down, and stopped on the golden hair of
the unconscious Knight, billowing in the wind, caught in the
clutches of the dragon’s talons.
I want to feel her soon. This body, this soul, I want to taste it to my
heart’s content.
There was still a very long journey to the system console, which
would take several days even by dragon. He could even use this
time to properly enjoy Alice, while she still had a physical body in
Underworld.
As this crossed his mind, a different type of sweet stimulation
climbed up Gabriel’s spine, and the corners of his mouth lifted
again.
***
How could it be like this?
He actually — turned the Dark Territory army of fifty thousand
and the newly-summoned thirty thousand soldiers all into
disposable pawns, and just to…
44

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Just to capture a girl!
Ever since Knight Commander Bercouli detected the Incarnation
of nothingness wielded by the existence called Emperor Vector, an
intense uneasiness had come over him. But the instant that Alice
was captured by the other side, he finally realized that his
predictions of the enemy had only been the tip of the iceberg.
After seeing what happened tens of mel away from where he was
standing, Bercouli did something he had not done for who knows
how many tens of years — he let out a roar of rage.
“You bastard, what have you done with my apprentice?!!”
His words pierced the air, agitating the surroundings more than a
peal of thunder could.
Yet it was completely ignored by Alice’s captor, the dragon knight,
who flew straight into the southern sky without so much as a
backwards glance.
Bercouli raised his beloved sword, and began to chase after the
flying dragon. But the hole that Alice had blown in the enemy
formation with her Art had already been filled with crimson
soldiers; they approached, spitting cryptic curses constantly.
“You’d better…”
Before Bercouli could shout get away, blinding silver lights flew
overhead.
Kirikirikiri, with that high, clear sound Integrity Knight Renri’s
Divine Instruments, the Twin Edged Wings, flew past above.
The young knight’s sharp voice came from behind.
“Release Recollection!”
With a flash of light, the two throwing knives fused together. A
cross-shaped blade flew low above the ground, whizzing forward
and leaving a sharp trail, cutting down all enemies who tried to
enter its path from either flank.
45

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Go ahead, Knight Commander!!”
Renri shouted, and Bercouli turned around to answer.
“Sorry! I’ll leave it to you!”
Then he bent over, and kicked his right foot briskly off the ground.
In the next instant, his body transformed into a white hurricane,
blowing a second time through the gap opened in the enemy
group, at a speed several times faster than the sprints achieved by
the Fist Fighters of the Dark Territory in their martial dance. But
Emperor Vector’s dragon that carried Alice had already become a
tiny black dot on the far-off horizon.
As Bercouli ran, he placed his left hand into his mouth and blew a
high, piercing whistle.
Seconds later, a pair of gigantic, silvery wings appeared on the
horizon; it was Bercouli’s dragon, Hoshigami.
But not just one dragon was flying towards him. Alice’s beloved
dragon, Amayori, and the deceased Eldrie’s dragon, Takiguri, also
followed close behind.
“You were all here…”
Bercouli was briefly overcome with emotion; no matter what, he
couldn’t bring himself to order those other two dragons to stay
here on standby.
Hoshigami turned low above the ground and glided as it
approached Bercouli, extending both feet towards him. The Knight
Commander seized a talon on its left foot and hoisted himself onto
its back, straddling the saddle and pointing forward with the
longsword in his right hand.
“GO!”
Hoshigami, Amayori, and Takiguri moved on command; three
pairs of wings thundered simultaneously, and they flew into the
violet dawn sky.

46

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Far ahead of this triangular formation of three dragons, within the
claws of the black dragon, a flash of golden light shined for a split
second.
***
After the four thousand Fist Fighters charged across the stone
bridge in one go, they quickly joined their nearly two hundred
surviving partners, assembled into a formation at the Human
Empire Army’s flank, and drove straight into the center of the
enemy formation like a gigantic battering ram.
They formed tight lines of ten each, raised their right fists in
perfect unison, and readied their stances.
“U… RA!”
With a synchronized bellow, ten fists struck out and perforated
the crimson soldiers’ swords and armor. Screams and blood flew
in all directions; with one strike, more than twenty enemy soldiers
were knocked flying towards the back.
After this blow filled with the utmost fighting spirit, the ten people
quickly parted and retreated to either side, leaving a gap, and the
ten behind them advanced forward with the same stance.
“URARA!!”
This time, ten people raised their legs and delivered flying kicks in
perfect unison, blowing a great number of enemies in all
directions, as though a bomb had exploded in their midst.
“… Wow.”
Asuna could not help but marvel as she healed her wounded left
arm with a Healing Art she had learned the night before. Even
Sheyta, who was drinking water near her, seemed a bit surprised.
The Fist Fighters’ battle technique was somewhat similar to the
SAO progressors’ switching tactic used during the boss fights, but
their movements and cohesion were much more adept.

47

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Ten people in a row, ten rows in a cluster; there were more than
forty groups with one hundred people each that ravaged the
enemy like heavy construction machinery reducing buildings to
rubble.
“Don’t just sit there and watch. Even if we charge towards the
south, what would we do then? Since there are this many enemies,
even if we could break through them, it would be very difficult to
kill them all.”
The temporarily allied red-haired enemy general stood beside
Asuna, his arms crossed and face stern.
Indeed, even for the Fist Fighters who were breaking through
irrepressibly, defeat would be difficult to avoid if the soldiers that
outnumbered them by several times launched a flanking attack.
There were at least twenty thousand summoned Americans left, in
any case.
“… Then… after we break through the enemy formation and
charge south of the battlefield, we’ll immediately get as far away
as possible. I will then create another canyon to separate us and
them.”
Asuna replied in a low voice.
— But could she really do it? Just now, she had only created a
small bridge and almost expired from the effort. If she were to
perform another large-scale geographic manipulation that
extended all the way to the horizon, she might actually be
forcefully disconnected — worse, her brain could even be
physically damaged…
Asuna bit her lip, and cast away her momentary confusion. Even
then, she must do it. Summoning the Americans to this world was
probably Emperor Vector’s last resort. Then, if she could get rid of
them, even if she were to be disconnected, they would be unable
to do anything to Alice.
Just then, from the south, a soldier came running to Asuna on the
north side of the battlefield.
48

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“New orders!! New orders — !!”
The heavily injured soldier with half of his face dyed red with
blood, fell to his knees in front of Asuna, and mustered all of his
strength to shout his next words.
“Information from Integrity Knight Renri-sama!! Integrity Knight
Alice-sama, has been captured by the enemy commander! The
dragon has already flown south…!!”
“Wh…”
Asuna was dumbfounded.
Of course — she’d never thought that the current situation was
intentionally created to lure Alice herself away from the Human
Empire Army…!!
“The Emperor… has flown away?!”
That gruff, faltering answer was neither from Asuna nor Sheyta,
but from the Fist Fighter Chief, whose remaining eye began to take
on a strange glow.
“Then… Just now, that dragon… Wasn’t here simply to watch us …
Hey, woman!!”
The young man’s fiery eyes stared at Asuna, and he demanded
urgently.
“That Alice is the «Radiant Medium»?! Why is the Emperor so
dedicated to her?! If the Radiant Medium falls into the Emperor’s
hands, what the hell is going to happen?!”
“This world… will be destroyed.”
Asuna replied simply. The Fist Fighter’s expression was one of
frozen incredulity.
“When Dark God Vector brings the Radiant Medium Alice to the
«World End Altar»… This world, whether it’s the Human Empire
or the Dark Territory, all of its inhabitants will be obliterated.”

49

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Asuna’s voice had not fallen silent before she noticed that her
words sounded exactly like the most classic RPG lines imaginable,
but this was one hundred percent truth. As soon as the assault
team got their hands on Alice’s soul, it was very easy to imagine
the fate of the then-useless Light Cube Cluster — they would
destroy it without remorse.
Then, what on earth was she to do… even her Super Account
«Stacia» did not bestow upon her a flying ability. How could she
follow them?
The one answering Asuna’s worries was the gray knight standing
at her side, Sheyta. Returning the now-empty bottle to her belt,
the icy-looking female knight said:
“Even for a dragon… it cannot fly forever. At most, half a day.”
At this, the Fist Fighter Tribal Chief stole a glance at Sheyta, then
hurriedly looked away; he slapped his fist into his hand and
finished her sentence loudly.
“Then just push yourselves out there and catch up to them!!”
“Catch up to them… But, aren’t you…”
Asuna looked at the enemy general’s young features in surprise.
“Aren’t you from the Dark Territory army? Why, would you go this
far…”
The enemy general responded like a spoiled, abandoned child.
“Emperor Vector… certainly told us before, we Ten Lords of the
Dark Land . He only wanted the Radiant Medium. If he gets her, he
won’t care what happens to us. Now that he’s got the Medium, the
Emperor’s achieved his goal… In other words, the mission of the
Dark Territory army has been fully completed. After this, aren’t
we free to do whatever the hell we want, even if that means
cooperating with the Human Empire and taking the Medium
back?!!”
4

How — absurd.
50

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Asuna gazed speechlessly at the young enemy general. The
expression on his face was completely out of place alongside his
deterrent rhetoric a moment ago; it was filled with tragic resolve.
The Fist Fighter stared right at Asuna with his left eye, and spoke
quietly.
“… I can’t… We can’t revolt directly against the Emperor. His
strength is overwhelming… even Dark General Shasta, who was
much stronger than I am, was instantly killed without him even
lifting a finger. If he suddenly gives the order for us to fight you,
we must obey… That’s why, we Fist Fighters will defend against
that crimson army here. You and the Human Empire Army, just
chase the Emperor as hard as you can. And then… the Emperor…
that bastard…”
The young man’s words were suddenly interrupted, and his
expression distorted — as though tormented by a pain coming
from his nonexistent right eye.
“Tell… that bastard, ‘we are not your puppets’!”
Just then, shouts came from the Fist Fighters on the south side of
the battlefield. The vanguard had finally broken through the
crimson army’s encirclement, and plunged into the wilderness.
“Very good…”
Zudan! The young tribal chief stomped his right foot on the ground
and delivered an order in a tremendous voice.
“All of you, maintain that gap!”
Then, he turned to Asuna, and spoke simply.
“Run!! We can’t hold for too long.”
Asuna took a deep breath — and nodded.
— This person, is also a human.
It didn’t matter if he was an Artificial Fluctlight. His prideful soul
was as real as any other human’s.
51

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

They had clearly severed the rope that they had used to cross the
ravine, and murdered more than a hundred of his tribespeople; he
should be swearing revenge against them.
“… Thank you very much.”
Asuna could only manage that, then turned around.
From behind her came Integrity Knight Sheyta’s voice.
“I’ll… stay here.”
Having anticipated this, Asuna looked back, and gave the grayhaired female knight a short smile.
“I understand. We’ll trust you to bring up the rear.”
***
Iskahn watched wordlessly as that unfathomable, chestnut-haired
female knight lead the Human Empire Army, reduced to about
seven hundred people, and passed through the gap in the enemy
formation created and maintained by his own tribal warriors in a
bloody battle, then looked away from the commotion and fixated
on the Integrity Knight.
“… You’re good with this, woman?”
“I told you my name.”
Stared at with a piercing look, the Fist Fighter could only laugh
bitterly and change his method of address.
“Is this really okay, Sheyta? I dunno if we can make it out of this
alive.”
The slender knight shrugged, and her brand new armor clattered
crisply.
“I will be the one to kill you. No chance for others.”
“Hmph, so you say.”
This time, Iskahn laughed heartily.
52

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Wanting to help his partners avoid dying tragic deaths — he had
originally chosen to work together with the Human Empire Army
with this desire in mind. But now, he was putting his entire tribe’s
lives on the line to protect the Human Empire people from that
crimson army; how incredible. Yet his heart felt wide open, like a
breeze was passing by.
Well, even if I die here, that’s not bad.
If he were to die protecting this world, his father, brother, and
sisters back in his hometown would definitely understand.
“All right!! Go all out, boys!!”
A roar of “URAAA!!” resounded across the battlefield.
“Form a circle!! Defend in all directions!! Trash all the idiots who
come near!!”
“You’re really in the zone, Champion.”
Dampe had already taken his position behind Iskahn once more,
and his clenched left fist emitted a grinding noise.
***
While Asuna was leading the army over the southern hill and
retreating to the forest garrisoned by the supply team, the young
knight Renri informed her about how the Knight Commander had
already taken three dragons and flown after Emperor Vector.
“… Do you think he can catch up?”
At Asuna’s sharp question, Renri’s childlike face was severe.
“To be honest, the chances are very slim. In short, the two of them
are flying at the same speed, and they need the same amount of
time to rest… But, Alice-sama is also riding on Emperor Vector’s
dragon, so that expend a bit more of its Life. On the other hand,
the Esteemed Knight Commander can switch between his three
dragons to minimize their fatigue, so in theory, he can gradually
close some of the distance between them…”
53

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

54

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

In other words, they could only pray that the Knight Commander
would reach the Emperor before he arrived at the World End
Altar.
But, even if he caught up to the Emperor —
Could the Knight Commander really defeat Super Account
Emperor Vector by himself?
Since Asuna had never expected that the attackers might also log
in with a Super Account, she had never asked Higa Takeru what
kind of powers Vector had. But if Vector had the same type of
powers as Stacia’s “Geographic Manipulation” — even for the
Integrity Knights leader, winning against him in a one-on-one fight
would be pushing it too much…
Just as Asuna was thinking this, Renri spoke in a more cheerful
tone.
“If he catches up, the Esteemed Knight Commander will definitely
save Alice-sama. After all, that man… is the strongest knight in the
world.”
“… Yeah, that’s right.”
Asuna nodded fervently.
The only thing she could do now, was to believe. After all, during
her battle a while ago, she had seen countless times how strongwilled the people of Underworld were.
“Then, let’s advance south together with the rest of the army.
Luckily, there are only flat plains ahead of us. We might not be
able to follow Bercouli-san, but we might be able to help him later
somehow.”
“Understood, Asuna-sama. I will notify everyone to prepare for a
quick march.”
Renri picked up his pace, and dashed into the forest.
Seeing him off, Asuna said to herself.
55

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Kirito wanted to protect Alice, and the entire human world.
She definitely had to protect them as well, no matter how many
injuries she sustained… no matter what kind of pain she had to
endure.
***
At the same time —
In the main control room of the Ocean Turtle, intelligence warfare
representative Critter was ready to let the second batch of 20,000
American players dive into Underworld.
And their login location was Gabriel Miller’s current location —
roughly ten kilometers away from the insertion point of the first
batch.

56

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

2
“……Gah!!”
Inhaling sharply, Vassago Casals jerked up.
He shook his bundled, curly hair and hastily observed his
surroundings.
Steel walls emitting a dim glow, a floor plastered with anti-slip
polymer, and numerous monitors and indicators glowing hazily in
darkness.
When he saw a thin man with a crew cut sitting in a huge leather
chair in front of him, Vassago finally realized that he had returned
to the main control room of the «Ocean Turtle», in the real world.
The crew cut man — Critter, snorted, his voice full of ridicule.
“Whoa, you actually woke up. I thought all your brain cells had
decayed.”
“… Shut the fuck up.”
Vassago groaned, and examined his own body. He was currently
lying on a thin mattress placed in the corner of the room, a jacket
carelessly spread across his stomach.
What the fuck just happened? Vassago vigorously shook his head.
This brought about a stinging pain deep in his head, making him
curse again. He then turned toward the other side of the room,
where a couple of team members were sitting in a circle and
having fun with their cards, and asked:
“Hey, any of you got some aspirin?”
The bearded Brigg, a member of the breaching team, wordlessly
retrieved a tiny plastic bottle from his pocket and tossed it to him.
57

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Vassago caught it with one hand, twisted the cap off, poured
everything inside into his mouth, and crushed the contents with
his teeth.
Along with the bitter, numbing sting on his tongue, his memories
finally recovered a bit.
“So… I fell into that bottomless hole…”
“How the hell did you die? You were out for eight whole hours.”
“Ei…Eight hours?!”
Thunderstruck, Vassago jumped up, even forgetting his headache.
He glanced at the G-Shock on his left wrist, which indicated that it
was 6:30 a.m., Japan Standard Time. Less than twelve hours
before the time limit, when the armed teams of the Self Defence
Force would leave the Aegis destroyer Nagato and break into the
Ocean Turtle.
But more importantly —
Since he had been unconscious for eight hours, a couple of months
should have passed in Underworld. How was the war? The
mission to capture Alice?
But as though Critter had seen through Vassago’s shock, tsk-tsk, he
clicked his tongue.
“Don’t stare so hard, your eyes are gonna fall out. Relax, when you
died inside, the time acceleration rate had already been decreased
to one.”
“O… One?!”
Then that meant nothing big should’ve happened inside. But wait,
this is a huge problem in itself!
58

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Hey, four-eyes, do you really understand the situation? We only
have twelve hours before the JSDF’s navy troops storm this place!”
Vassago shook Critter’s crew cut head, and the latter batted his
hands away annoyingly.
“Of course I know. These are all orders from Captain Miller.”
Then, the “plan of attack” that Critter told him rendered Vassago
speechless, even though he was a very experienced VRMMO
player.
Before he left the system console in Obsidia, the imperial city in
the eastern Dark Territory, Lieutenant Gabriel Miller had secretly
given an order to Critter in the real world.
Create an advertisement website about a beta test for a new
hardcore VRMMO freed from the laws — Underworld laws, of course
— and write a connection client program. Then, set the acceleration
rate to one by 12:00 a.m. on July 7, and at the same time, begin
recruiting beta tester players from all across the US, he had said.
“With this restricted console, I can only see the coordinates of you
and the captain, as well as the approximate distribution of the
Units, so this operation was a backup plan in case the Human
Empire’s resistance was fiercer than expected.”
Critter’s slim, long fingers danced across the keyboard, pulling up
a map of the entire Underworld on the huge display.
On the world map that was shaped like a curved, inverted triangle,
two red lines extended from the easternmost edge, all the way to
the west.
“This is the movement log of you and the captain. Listen, you were
just wandering around the eastern gate of the Human Empire, and
then suddenly died.”
59

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

One of the red lines terminated with an ‘X’, south of the «Great
Eastern Gate».
“But the commander went past you and is currently proceeding
south. He even left the entire Dark Territory army at the north and
moved alone. That means…”
“He’s either chasing after Alice or he’s already got her.”
Vassago muttered. Critter nodded and continued explaining.
“According to our original plan, when the remaining time goes
down to less than eight hours, or when the Human Empire Army is
completely destroyed, we’ll turn the acceleration rate all the way
back up to 1,000 times. ‘Cause even so, we still have a full year of
time in that world. Of course, when the acceleration rate resets,
the US players diving in are all gonna get logged out because of a
synchronization error, but as long as we win the war, who cares?”
“Then let’s turn the acceleration rate up now! There ain’t much
left of the Human Empire Defense Army.”
“It’s not that simple. Come here, look, right here —”
Critter punched a key and magnified a section of the map.
A few kilometers south of the Great Eastern Gate that divided the
Human Empire and the Dark Land, were plains, hills, and a forest,
aligned vertically. The Human Empire had set up an ambush in the
forest… In other words, that was where Vassago had died.
But somehow, between the forest and the plains, a gigantic valley
had appeared almost 50 kilometers from the west to the east.
Around that valley, clusters of extremely tiny dots were wobbling
and squirming, displayed in different colors: red, black, and white.
“The red ones are those US players that I tossed into Underworld.
A lot of them are gone, but there are still 20,000 left. And this
60

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

black circle surrounded by the red, is the Dark Territory army.
About 4,000.”
“H… Hey, hey, no matter how you look at it, the reds are attacking
the blacks, aren’t they?”
“That’s because the fake beta test information only told them that
they could let loose and kill all the highly realistic NPCs. To the US
players diving in, there’s absolutely no difference between the
Human Empire Army and the Dark Territory army. But, for some
reason, the blacks are decreasing much slower than I expected.
The Dark Territory army should be absolutely loyal to the
Emperor, there’s no way they’re fighting against the US players,
because they’re thought to be summoned by the Emperor.”
“They must’ve stuck to killing for so long that they can’t stop.”
“Well, let’s say these 4,000 black guys are about to be overrun
anyway. Despite that, the real problem is over here, this little
white group.”
Critter moved the cursor. Indeed, a group of very inconspicuous
white dots was currently moving south — as if they were chasing
behind Emperor Vector, or Captain Miller.
“Those guys are the Human Empire Army. Though they look tiny
from this map, there are still about 700 of them. However, it
would be very troublesome if they catch up to the captain, so we
have to stop them.”
“Stop them? …What’re you gonna do?”
Critter did not directly answer Vassago’s question, but smirked
shortly and continued to type on the keyboard.
He opened a new window on the map. Inside, an enormous red
cloud was crawling against the flat black background.
61

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“These guys are the US players that didn’t make the first
connection, and are waiting for the second one. Once they reach
8,000, I’ll throw them at the Human Empire Army. They’ve got 28
times more people, so they’ll exterminate ‘em right away, right?
Afterwards, we can raise the acceleration rate back to 1,000 times
normal. That way, we can buy more than enough time for the
captain to procure Alice and bring her to the system console at the
southern end, right?”
“… If only it were that easy.”
Vassago retorted, stroking his rough beard.
“The Human Empire Army is much hardier than you’d imagine.
Especially those guys called the Integrity Knights, they’re fucking
insane; they totally destroyed the Dark Territory’s first wave, you
know? If it weren’t for them, I wouldn’t have pitifully died… like
that…”
Just then, Vassago finally remembered.
Exactly how, and by whom he had been killed.
His breathing ceased and his eyes widened. In his head, a memory
gradually recovered, of that goddess-like figure floating high up in
the night sky, looking down upon him. He instinctively yelled in
Japanese instead of English.
“— «The Flash»…!! Yeah… There’s no doubt, it’s gotta be that
bitch…!!”
“Hah? What are you on about?”
Vassago grabbed Critter’s confused, crew cut head.
“Listen, you geek bastard! The Rath guys playing ostrich in the
second control room did the same thing as your so-called
62

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

‘operation’!! In the Human Empire Army, there’re already
Japanese VRMMO players mixed in with them!!”
“What?!”
Ignoring Critter’s incredulous face, Vassago sneered.
“Since Asuna «The Flash» is there, could it be, that guy’s dived in
too? … Oh my god, how can I just stay here… Hey, I’m going back
to the other side! Put me in together with those 20,000
reinforcements, and insert me at the white group’s position!!”
“You want to dive in again… But the black knight account you
wasted is gone forever. Of course, if you don’t mind using the red
soldier accounts just like the reinforcements, I have as many as
you want.”
“I have an account… One that I’ve saved for so long.”
Kekek. Vassago’s throat emitted a laugh as he swiped a paper
energy bar wrapper from the console, pulled a pen from Critter’s
chest pocket, and quickly scribbled something down.
“Listen, use this ID and password to log into the homepage of the
«The Seed Nexus» in Japan, and convert the saved character into
Underworld. I’ll dive in using that account.”
Leaving those words behind, Vassago started running towards the
door of the STL room.
But after a few steps, he abruptly stopped.

63

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As he turned around, Vassago’s face was twisted into a truly
savage leer, enough to strike fear into the notorious cyber criminal
Critter. It was as if his vulgar, energetic, and rowdy soldier
character was no more than one of his personae.
Then, Vassago walked towards Critter with catlike steps, and
whispered another short instruction into his ear. Seconds later,
the STL room had swallowed him, and the hacker watched the
room door alone, that tiny scrap of paper grasped in his hand.
On that paper were three English letters and eight numerical
digits. Critter had never known the meaning of the string of text
‘S’, ‘A’ and ‘O’.
***
As the Guardians were preparing to leave, Asuna ran through their
crowd and came to the wagon behind the supply team. An
overturned silver wheelchair appeared, along with a black-haired
boy with his left hand slightly twitching, and two girls leaning
towards him.
Ronye lifted her face when she heard the footsteps. Recognizing
Asuna, her wet, teary face immediately looked ashamed, and she
cried:
“A… Asuna-sama! Kirito-senpai kept… kept wanting to go
outside… and then…”
Asuna bit her lip and nodded. She knelt in front of Kirito and
gripped his left hand with her remaining right.
“I see… Alice… was taken away by the enemy’s Emperor. Kiritokun must’ve felt it.”
“What?… Alice-sama was…?!”
Tiese cried in shock, her white face paling even further.
64

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

What broke this momentary silence was Kirito’s barely audible
voice.
“Ah… uh…”
His left hand stirred, trying to caress what was left of Asuna’s left
arm.
“Kirito-kun… Are you, worrying about me…?”
Asuna whispered gently. Just then, Ronye finally noticed Asuna’s
injury and screamed.
“Ah, Asuna-sama! Your arm…!!”
“It’s okay. This is just a temporary injury for me…” she muttered.
Asuna gently lifted her left arm, of which everything below the
elbow had been cut off.
Higa Takeru had given her a very brief lecture about the
«Mnemonic Visual» technology. Although all objects were created
by The Seed program like in ALO, to Asuna and Kirito, who had
dived in with STLs, and to Artificial Fluctlights like Tiese and the
others, everything in this world was a «shared memory» loaded
from the Main Visualizer, a different reality created through the
power of imagination.
Super Account Stacia’s Life, or HP, was an astronomical number,
almost reaching the system limit. Hence, if she were attacked with
a normal weapon, even stabbed by hundreds and hundreds of
swords, her Life would still not be reduced to zero.
But when the red soldier swung down the giant battleaxe and
struck her left arm, Asuna was thoroughly and utterly terrified;
she had thought, being hit with a battleaxe this big, my arm will be
cut off, and her imagination was realized.
65

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The same went for Kirito’s right hand. Although his Life value had
already been restored, his arm had no way of returning to normal,
because he continued to punish himself for everything.
Asuna placed her hand on her bandaged stump, concentrated her
thoughts, closed her eyes and recited to herself with fervent
tenacity.
I won’t be afraid of anything anymore. Until I’ve protected Kiritokun and this world to the very end, I won’t lose to anyone… or
anything.
White light concentrated onto the wound with a pop. As warm
radiance silently spread, her left arm was restored.
Smiling at the two round-eyed girls who had just witnessed a
miracle, Asuna reached out with her restored left hand and softly
hugged Kirito’s head.
“See? I’m fine. I’ll definitely save Alice and bring her back. So…
when that time comes, Kirito-kun, don’t blame yourself
anymore…”
Asuna did not know whether or not her words could reach Kirito’s
heart, but she felt that his emaciated body gradually became less
tense. Asuna continued to hug him for several seconds, then stood
up.
“We must immediately take the entire army and pursue the enemy
Emperor. Knight Commander Bercouli has already taken the
dragons after him, and we’ll be able to catch up to them up
somewhere ahead for sure. During that time, I’ll leave Kirito-kun
to you… Ronye-san, Tiese-san.”
“Y… Yes!”
“Leave him to us, Asuna-sama!”
66

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Smiling at the two nodding girls and fighting back tears as she
entrusted Kirito to Ronye, Asuna leapt off the carriage.
As soon as she stepped onto the ground, she caught sight of a tall
swordswoman running over, who had also attended the “Memory
Exposing Competition” last night with her and Ronye. Her silver
armor was thoroughly stained with blood and dirt and her head
was wrapped in a bandage, but she did not seem heavily injured.
“It’s great that you’re all right, Sortiliena-san.”
Hearing Asuna’s voice, the swordswoman performed an
Underworld salute, and replied:
“I’m glad to see that Asuna-sama is fine as well… —It’s just that, I
have just heard that Alice-sama has been captured by the enemy
general…”
“Yes. I was just explaining to Ronye-san that Emperor Vector
completely abandoned his own army and personally ambushed
Alice-san. I didn’t expect him to do that, either…”
“… How can this be…”
With her newly restored left hand, Asuna tightly gripped a wideeyed Sortiliena’s right shoulder.
“But all is not lost. Bercouli-san has already flown after Vector
with the dragons. We will pursue them as well.”
“Understood.”
They nodded to each other, and hurried towards the center of the
supply team decoy troops.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Under Integrity Knight Renri’s instruction, the Ascetic team had
finished healing all of the wounded, and the 700 Guardians had
almost completed preparations to move out. The Guardians were
smoothly lining up around the Ascetic and supply teams.
After receiving Renri’s report that preparations were complete,
Asuna issued him a new directive.
“You are the last remaining Integrity Knight, Renri. The order to
move out should be given by you, the commander.”
“Y… Yes, I understand.”
The young knight’s expression was somewhat anxious, but he
nodded resolutely, raised his right hand high into the air, and
shouted orders in a carrying voice.
“Alice-sama has kindly protected us all in the battle at the Eastern
Gate! It’s now our turn to fight for her! We shall take her back
from the enemy, and return to the Human Empire together!”
“OH!!” Vigorous cries arose. Renri nodded, and sharply swung his
right arm down.
“— All units, advance!”
Renri led the troops at the very front from his own dragon,
Kazenui. He was followed by 400 Guardians, on horses or on foot,
and the eight wagons loaded with supplies and a backup team of
300 began to move as well.
Only one dragon — Integrity Knight Sheyta’s dragon, stayed its
ground obstinately and did not move. With scales as grayish-white
as its owner’s hair, the dragon screeched kuurrr once it was freed
from its reins, then flapped its wings and flew north — towards
the battlefield south of the valley, where its owner had stayed
behind.
68

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

In front of the wagons, Asuna thought as she shook back and forth
on the horse with Sortiliena:
The final enemy is Emperor Vector.
His true identity was that of a person also from the real world,
who existed here in the form of a virtual being. That was why,
even if she had to go down with him, she must defeat him. For
those who stayed behind to take on the red soldiers’ attack:
Knight Sheyta, the one-eyed Fist Fighter Chief, and the 4,000 Fist
Fighters.
A few minutes later, the troops emerged from the withered forest
and entered the immense mortar-shaped basin. A thin road cut
straight through the crater-like ground, leading southwards.
According to RPG convention, the end of such a road would be a
special location, such as a city or ruins. Yet she had heard that the
southern area of the Dark Territory was not occupied by any of
the demihumans. In other words, this road ended at the «World
End Altar», and Emperor Vector was somewhere on it with
Integrity Knight Alice.
Emperor Vector’s dragon and Bercouli’s dragons in hot pursuit
were all out of sight. However, 700 Human Empire soldiers still
advanced along the road as quickly as they could; the ground
rumbled with their footsteps.
Clearing the edge of the crater, charging downhill— just as the
entire decoy unit reached the bottom.
Something was trembling.
Vvvvvv… m. A rumbling like the wings of an insect.
“…?”
Asuna looked up, left and right, and behind her.
69

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Just as she looked straight ahead, she finally discovered the source
of the noise.
Red, thin lines.
Hundreds of randomly flashing, tiny strings of text, falling out of
the sky straight to the ground.
“……… No way………”
Asuna’s lips trembled, a broken voice leaking out.
— No way. Stop. No more…
But.
Zaaaa — !!
The roar of an explosion like torrential rainfall. Falling lines
branched left and right, dropping in a downpour. They formed a
high density screen along the edge of the crater, completely
blocking the troops’ path.
Despite having just declared that she would not be afraid
anymore, Asuna’s feet still instantly lost their strength.
What appeared where the lines landed were the brutal, ferocious
soldiers clad in that blood-red armor — VRMMO players
summoned from the real world.
“All… All units, do not stop!! Attack!! Attack — !!”
Integrity Knight Renri issued a clear order from the very front.
The disturbed Human Empire Army regained order with a
warcry: Uooo! and picked up their pace. The troops sprinted up
the crater’s incline.

70

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

But, as if they had been anticipating this maneuver, the newlyappeared soldiers seemed to all have been placed on the south
side of the crater, with the ones blocking their way numbering a
thousand… no, nearly two thousand.
Shall I risk being logged out and use Stacia’s Geographical
Manipulation again? If she wasn’t careful, however, it could
backfire and impede the advancement of the Human Empire
Army.
In the next instant, Asuna’s puzzlement was shattered by a
dragon’s roar.
From the very front line, Knight Renri’s dragon Kazenui was
spewing scorching flames, and had charged ahead without looking
back.
“No… Renri-sama is sacrificing himself to open a path…”
As though he heard Sortiliena’s pained moan from beside Asuna,
Renri slowly turned around from atop the dragon’s back.
— Please take care of the rest.
The boy’s lips mouthed.
Then, the charging knight drew the two boomerang-like weapons
from his waist, and held them at the ready.
Just before he threw them forward.
The color of the sky above the crater suddenly changed.
A cross-shaped rift tore apart the Dark Territory’s blood-red sky,
from which Asuna caught a glimpse of an infinite blue behind it,
clear as azure.

71

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Whether it was the numerous crimson soldiers who seemed ready
to charge down, the suicidally advancing Human Empire soldiers,
or even Knight Renri charging at the very front, all lifted their
heads together, looking into the sky like Asuna.
The boundless heavens, seemingly reaching into the universe.
From beyond, a bright white star descended.
No, it was a person. Clad in armor of the same azure as the sky,
and a skirt as white as the clouds, with violently flapping short
hair the color of water. The source of the blinding white light was
the giant longbow in their left hand. Their face was imperceptible
against the reflection.
— Who…? Who, are you?
As though in response to Asuna’s silent demand, the one floating
in the sky pointed the longbow into the heavens. Their right hand
gripped the dazzling bowstring, and forcefully drew it all the way
back.
With a stunning flash, an arrow of light shining pure white
appeared between the bow and the string.
Both the Human Empire Army and the red soldiers had stopped
dead, all seeming to forget how to speak in this instant, completely
silent. The only sound heard was Sortiliena’s low voice:
“……… Solus-sama…?”
As though answering this call, the dazzling arrow of light shot
vertically into the sky.
It instantly split and spread in all directions.
As they turned at acute angles, they transformed into white-hot
lasers and poured down towards the ground.
72

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

73

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The words of Guardian Leader Sortiliena Serlut were only half
correct.
Above the crater, a real world person appeared, no, logged in with
Super Account 02, «Solus, Goddess of the Sun».
This account had been given the default ability «wide-ranged
annihilatory attack».
***
Sinon/Asada Shino looked down upon the immense destruction
she had wreaked, and recalled the explanation that the technician
called Higa had given her over the intercom.
“Um, Sinon-san, although the Super Accounts are really strong,
they’re not miracle workers. Since they’re prepared for times
when you only have to perform large scale changes in the
Underworld, we tried our best to configure them to fit a range
acceptable to the inhabitants within.”
“So… are you saying that they’re not GMs4, just very strong PCs5?”
Sinon spoke into the microphone as she lay on the giant STL
machine resembling the First Generation Fulldive experimental
apparatus, located in the Roppongi branch of the mysterious
startup «Rath». What came as a reply was a click— apparently the
sound of someone snapping his fingers.
“Yes. Exactly. That’s why the «Solus» account you’re going to use
can’t get around the Underworld’s resource boundaries either.
Any attacks with your bow must expend Spacial Resources, no
matter what. Since it has an auto-recharging feature, it shouldn’t
be exhausted during the day, but you can’t do rapid fire.”
Just as Higa said, the light of the pure white longbow that Sinon
gripped in her left hand had weakened after that wide-ranged
attack.

4
5

Game Master.
Player Character.

74

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Although the bow had already begun to replenish its light at both
ends, another full-power attack would require a two to three
minute wait.
— No combo attacks? Hmph, perfect.
Compared to an automatic6, manuals suit me better anyway.
Sinon boasted silently, confirming that the explosive flames on the
ground had dissipated.
Along the edge of the roughly one kilometer wide crater, charred
bodies vanished one after another with a luminous effect. A single
shot had probably obliterated more than 5,000 enemy soldiers.
Luckily, they were not real Underworld people, but Americans
who had logged in from the real world just like Sinon. The players
who had believed in the existence of this closed beta and were
torched immediately upon connection must be seething right now.
In the crater’s center, the small scale troops vastly outnumbered
by the crimson army began to advance again. Although the enemy
still numbered more than 10,000, most remained motionless out
of fear of the next shot — or rather, explosion, allowing the
Human Empire Army to break through.
Sinon gazed into the distance, verifying the Human Empire troops’
formation.
She instantly noticed the chestnut-haired girl in their ranks atop a
white horse, looking right up at her.
Sinon could not help but smile as she maneuvered the other
ability that had been bestowed upon the Solus account, «unlimited
flight». Although she was incredulous upon hearing Higa tell her
“you fly with your imagination”, when she actually took control
she felt that it wasn’t much different from the free flight in ALO.
6

Automatic gun. Sinon is used to playing first-person shooter games.

75

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She looked towards the carriage behind the girl, and flew towards
it in a straight line.
When the tips of her porcelain-painted boots touched the canvas
surface, she gently raised her right hand.
“Sorry for the wait, Asuna.”
As she saw Sinon’s warm smile, tears beaded in the eyes of the girl
in the pearly dress. She stood from her galloping horse, and
jumped beneath the carriage canopy:
“—— Sinonon… !!”
Asuna hugged her tightly with a strained shout.
Sinon lightly patted her best friend’s slender body, and said softly:
“You’ve worked hard. It’s okay… Leave everything else to me.”
As she was hugged by Asuna, who was slightly taller than her, she
pointed the 20% recharged bow directly ahead, and slightly drew
back the bowstring with her right hand.
The GM equipment given to the Solus account — the longbow
«Annihilate Ray» adjusted its power according to bowstring force,
and adjusted its attack range according to bow angle. An arrow of
light, much thinner than the one before, appeared when the
bowstring was drawn 10 centimeters back. Sinon aimed the arrow
at the enemy troops blocking the dragons running at the front.
Vishu! The faint sound of a shot.

76

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Tilted about 20 degrees to the right, the bow shot out a ray of light
that split and landed within a 10 meter radius, creating an
explosion not inferior to that of a TOW missile7
Crimson armor was thrown high into the air, and then
disappeared. Taking advantage of the opening, the dragons
immediately charged through. The ten or so soldiers who
withstood the blast were slammed by the dragons’ heads, kicked
by their huge talons, and instantly defeated.
At this point, the enemy soldiers seemed to have recovered from
the shock of the laser attack, and realized that their prey was
fleeing. Exploding with obscene curses, they dashed down the
slope of the crater like a red tsunami.
Sinon swung her bow over her arm, placed both hands on Asuna’s
shoulders, and gently separated themselves.
“Asuna. I can see the remains of something that looks like ruins
about 5 kilometers south of here. The road runs straight through
it, and several huge stone statues are lined up on both sides. We
won’t have to worry about being surrounded by the enemy, and
we can shrink the battlefield. Let’s find a way to repel the enemy
there.”
Asuna was also a battleworn warrior, and upon hearing Sinon’s
words, her eyes immediately recovered a sharp gleam. She
forcefully wiped away her tears, and spoke:
“Got it, Sinonon… Sinon. No matter how many American VRMMO
players there are, they have no way of immediately gathering
more. If we can repel those ten or so thousand people, the enemy
will be helpless… I think.”

7
BGM-71 TOW, a widely used US anti-tank missile. More info
here:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BGM-71_TOW

77

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Yeah, leave it to me. … Well, that’s pretty much it…”
After confirming that the very last of the Human Empire Army
troops had escaped the enemy encirclement, Sinon looked back at
her best friend.
“… Um, is Kirito…. among the troops?”
Asuna could not help but give her a bitter smile at this.
“You don’t have to be so polite about that now. Kirito-kun’s in
there.”
Asuna gestured with her right index finger at the carriage beneath
their feet.
“Oh, really. Well… I’ll go say hello to him.”
Clearing her throat, Sinon moved to the rear of the ceiling canvas
on the large carriage, and glided inside with the help of her flying
ability.
She waited for Asuna to follow suit, then turned towards the
depths of the carriage, stacked with wooden crates.
The first things that entered her sight were two otherworldly girls
in gray uniforms covered with armor. Their eyes grew wide at the
same time, and one of them uttered softly:
“S… Solus-sama…?”
Sinon glanced at her own outfit, and replied with a shrug:
“Hello, nice to meet you. Although I look a lot like Solus, I’m not.
I’m Sinon.”
She tried her best to smile at them, but the duo only blinked in
confusion. But as they saw Asuna as well, they seemed to
understand something.
78

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Right, I’m a Real World person like Asuna. I’m also Kirito’s…
friend.”
“I… see.”
While the red-haired girl still looked startled, the deep brownhaired girl wore a complicated expression, and murmured
quietly: Why are they all women?
You have no idea. Sinon chuckled bitterly in her heart as she took a
few steps into the gap that the girls parted to create.
She saw a boy in black, sitting on a plain wheelchair, hugging two
longswords in one arm.
Although she had already learned of Kirito’s state through Higa
Takeru, upon seeing his injured state in the flesh, her heart
tightened and she felt tears welling up.
“… Ah…”
Even though those empty eyes did not look at hers, his throat did
emit a small sound. Sinon fell softly to her knees before her former
enemy, comrade, and savior.
Leaning on the chair’s back and the armrests, the swordsman’s
body had become so thin and frail that she hesitated to touch him.
Sinon set her longbow on the carriage’s deck, then reached out
and wrapped both arms tightly around his emaciated frame.
She had heard that Kirito’s soul — his Fluctlight, the «main body»
known as the core within, or his self-image, had suffered severe
damage. Higa had told her in a somber voice that there was
currently no known method of recovery.
But, Sinon closed her eyes tightly, tears streaming out as she
screamed in her heart: Well, that’s easy.
79

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Many people have countless memories of the times with Kirito,
and strong emotions towards Kirito. They only needed to be
gathered together, bit by bit, and placed back into Kirito’s heart.
— Hey, can’t you feel it?… The you that’s inside me. Sarcastic, a bit
naughty, stubborn, naive… and stronger, kinder than anyone. This
is you, yourself.
Sinon forgot that Asuna was still gazing from behind her; she
turned her head and planted a firm kiss on Kirito’s face.
Just then —
Asada Shino was still unaware that her own emotional thoughts
had barely scratched the surface of the only possible way to revive
Kirigaya Kazuto’s soul.
Had she possessed ample knowledge of Underworld and
Fluctlights’ structure, it would be possible for her to solve that
method. But the explanation given to Sinon before she dived in
only consisted of the current situation and how to use the Solus
account.
That was why Sinon did not bother to consider the reason behind
Kazuto’s slight trembling and subtle rise in body temperature,
which occurred when her lips touched him.
Sinon quickly released Kirito’s body, stood up, and turned to the
three watching from behind.
“Don’t worry, Kirito will definitely make a speedy recovery. When
we truly need him.”
Asuna and the two girls nodded tearfully.
“Well… I’ll fly to the ruins in the south to confirm the geography.
I’ll leave Kirito to you guys.”
80

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Having said that, Sinon turned towards the carriage rear–
Suddenly, Asuna tightly seized her shoulder.
Seeing the urgent gleam in her eyes, Sinon swallowed
involuntarily.
“A… Asuna, what…”
Sinon thought that Asuna was going to interrogate her about
stealing a kiss with Kirito, but naturally, this was not the case —
“H-Hey, Sinon, did you say you were going to fly?! You… can fly?!”
At this critical question, Sinon nodded confusedly.
“Y… Yes. They told me it was a default ability of the Solus account.
I heard that it doesn’t have a time limit…”
“Then we aren’t the ones in need of help! Alice… Go after Alice,
she’s been abducted by the Emperor!!”
The situation that Asuna explained afterwards was more urgent
than Sinon had expected.
Integrity Knight Alice, the key to everything, had been captured by
Emperor Vector, who was diving with a Super Account just like
them, and was currently flying towards the faraway south on a
dragon. The only one currently in pursuit was a swordsman called
Bercouli, the Knight Commander.
“Going up against a Super Account, even for the Knight
Commander, is too much for him. If we can’t save Alice before the
Emperor reaches the «World End Altar», this entire world will be
destroyed! Please, Sinon, go help Bercouli-san!”
After everything had been finally cleared up and she had carved
Knight Commander Bercouli’s appearance into her mind, Sinon
flew from the carriage and shot into the sky.
81

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The 700-strong Human Empire Army was advancing south with a
dust cloud.
Chasing furiously after them from the north, the red army seemed
to consist of 20 times more people.
— I’ll come back as soon as I grab Alice. Do your best until then,
Asuna.
Calling to her best friend in her heart, Sinon spurred her
imagination to accelerate southwards. She became a white-tailed
meteor, tearing across the crimson sky.
Looking down upon the forever sprawling dark wilderness, Sinon
suddenly remembered:
Come to think of it —
Where’s Leafa, who should have logged in at the same time as she
had?

82

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

3
Close behind the Human Empire Army led by Integrity Knight
Renri was the second batch of inserted American players.
Far north, on the south side of the valley created by Asuna, Iskahn
and the Fist Fighters’ Guild, along with Integrity Knight Sheyta,
were still locked in a desperate battle with the rest of the crimson
army that still numbered more than ten thousand.
And even further north of this battlefield —
In the wilderness on the other side of the Great Eastern Gate, now
stained with the remains of the bloodshed, stood the silhouette of
a lone demihuman.
A body wrapped in bulging steel armor. A leathery mantle
fluttering in the wind. Two thin ears drooping from both sides of a
rotund head, with a flat nose protruding outwards.
It was the Chief of the Orc Tribe, Rirupirin.
Having ordered his surviving three thousand tribal members to
standby behind, he had come to the Great Eastern Gate alone. He
had not brought even a single bodyguard, because he did not want
them to see him wavering over the ground.
After fumbling in the sand for who knows how long, Rirupirin
finally found what he was searching for: A plainly carved silver
earring.
What he gently picked up and placed into his palm was the eyecatching object that the Orc princess knight Renju had worn in her
ear, as she followed the Emperor’s orders and became a live
sacrifice.

83

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

This was the only possession she had left behind. In the
wilderness, not even a shard of armor remained, let alone the
bodies of the three thousand Orcs who had died together with the
princess. The Dark Sorceress’ abhorrent magic had completely
devoured the Orcs’ bodies and equipment, transforming them into
Dark Energy.
And the Sorceress D.I.L., who had enacted this cruel torture, along
with the Emperor who had given the order, were no longer here.
D, the Head of the Dark Sorceress’ Guild, had died after being
engulfed by the «Radiant Medium»’s terrifying and magnificent
counterattack, and the Emperor had flown south to pursue the
Medium, without giving Rirupirin any new orders to move out.
The remaining three thousand Orc soldiers had no way of
defeating the Human Empire soldiers and Integrity Knights
protecting the Great Eastern Gate. The desire of the five races of
the Dark Land, their dream of conquering the Human Empire, had
collapsed.
— If that was the result.
Why?
Why had Rirupirin’s childhood friend Renju, the three thousand
Orcs sacrificed alive, and the two thousand Orcs battling at the
Gate, died? What did their deaths bring to the Dark Land?
No answer. Nothing at all.
Just because of their inferior appearance, five thousand tribesmen
died in vain, just like that.
Rirupirin hugged the earring in his fist to his chest, and knelt
wretchedly on the ground. A raging, melancholic, crushing sorrow
flooded his heart — when they melted into tears and sobs —
84

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

At that moment.
A gaton came from behind.
The Orc chief stood up and spun his head around, startled, then
saw, fallen on the ground and creasing her brows, a human
woman. Bright golden hair and pure white skin, wearing a grassycolored outfit and shining armor… not someone from the Dark
Land, but surely a Human Empire girl.
Instead of shock at her sudden appearance, or fury at seeing a
human, the first thing that Rirupirin felt was a shame that said,
“don’t look at me”.
Because the girl before him was simply too beautiful.
She was definitely the first young female white Ium he had seen
close-up, and was so different from the tall, rough-boned, ashyskinned females of the Dark Land that he thought she looked
almost to be from a different species. Her hands and feet looked so
fragile that they might snap at the slightest touch, her hair still
gleaming under the weak sun, her large eyes looking straight
ahead dumbfoundedly, like crystal-clear emeralds.
Rirupirin cursed himself for having such awestruck thoughts
about the beauty of this weak race.
At the same time, he was scared that the girl’s eyes might fill with
revulsion.
“Dun’… Dun’ look!! Dun’ look a’ me!!”
He shouted as he blocked his face with his left fist, clutching the
hilt of his sword with his right.
Before she could scream, he would cut her head off.

85

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As he prepared to draw his sword, Rirupirin felt the earring
gripped in his left hand pierce his palm. A feeling like he was being
held back by Renju made him stop his movements, and then he
heard a surprising sound — or voice.
“Err… Good afternoon. Good morning, perhaps?”
Standing up swiftly and patting down her shorts, the girl smiled
gently.
Hiding behind the shadow of his fist, Rirupirin watched in surprise
and blinked several times.
There was not a sliver of revulsion or scorn in the girl’s eyes, not
even fear. To white Ium children, the Orcs of the Dark Territory
were supposed to be man-eating spirits.
“W… Why?”
The words that leaked out of his mouth sounded desperate,
completely uncharacteristic for one of the ten Lords of the Dark
Land.
“Why aren’t ya runnin’ away? Why aren’t ya screamin’? Yer jus’ a
hooman, why?”
The girl looked surprised and perplexed.
“Why… Because.”
Then, as if affirming that the world is flat and the sky is red, she
continued matter-of-factly:
“You’re a human too, aren’t you?”
In that instant, Rirupirin could not understand why his spine
trembled. Gripping the hilt of his sword, the demihuman chief
spoke in a panting voice:
86

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“H… Hooman? Me? What kinda stupid stuff is that? You can tell
jus’ by lookin’ a’ me! I’m an Orc! An Orc called a pigman by ya
Iums!!”
“But, you’re still a human, though.”
Placing her hands on her slender hips, the girl sounded like a
parent teaching her child.
“See, we can talk to each other. Other than that, what more do you
need?”
“Wha’… more…”
Rirupirin couldn’t retort anymore. The confident words spoken by
the green-eyed girl were too abnormal to the Orc chief who had
lived with burning inferiority and resentment towards humans.
… If you can talk, you’re a human?
Is that the only requisite of being a “human”? Goblins, Ogres, and
Giants could all speak languages. But the four races that included
the Orcs had been called “demihumans” ever since the beginning
of the Dark Territory, strictly divided from the humans.
Rirupirin could only breathe roughly as he stood there
dumbfounded. With a “Let’s not worry about that yet”, the girl
swept his shock and chaos aside as she surveyed their
surroundings.
“… Where… is this?”
***
Leafa/Kirigaya Suguha noticed that she had apparently appeared
far away from her original login coordinates, and looked towards
that ominous, red tinted sky.

87

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Since hearing that the STL Unit 6 she was using was a new
machine that hadn’t even been taken out of its PVC wrapping after
being moved in, she had felt uneasy. Suguha never competed with
newly purchased shinai, and likewise, she never trusted newly
unpackaged electronic devices. Because somehow, she’d always
had an abnormally high chance of getting defective electronic
hardware.
When she had logged in, like Sinon, who entered with STL
Prototype Unit 1, her location should have been set to where
Asuna was dived in, but since she could see neither of the two,
something had certainly happened before she arrived. But that
didn’t mean that this desolate place was completely empty; before
her stood a single rotund, pig-faced humanoid — in other words,
an «Orc».
According to the color cursor that was only effective for an instant
after diving in, this Orc should not belong to her current enemy —
the American VRMMO players, but he was an “Artificial Fluctlight”
living in Underworld, the “bottom-up” artificial intelligence that
Yui had described.
After hearing Yui’s explanation about the people of Underworld,
Leafa was determined not to draw her sword against them unless
absolutely necessary.
That was obvious — how could she kill the “humans” that her
brother Kirito wished to protect? If an Artificial Fluctlight died in
this world, their soul would be completely destroyed, unable to be
revived.
Furthermore —
Even for Leafa, who was already familiar with ALO’s top-notch
graphics, the complexity of this Orc’s model, which also existed
inside much of The Seed Nexus, was shocking.
88

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The twitches and breaths of his great pinkish nose, the texture of
the metallic armor that wrapped around his giant frame and its
leathery mantle, and most of all, his two beady black eyes and the
richness of his expression were even more proof of the
unquestionable, true presence of the soul living within him.
She had asked this Orc, who timidly turned his face away for some
reason, about their surroundings, yet had not received an
immediate answer. Deciding to start with a more present issue,
Leafa raised another question.
***
“Well… What’s your name?”
Taken aback, the Orc chief uttered a reflexive, unconscious answer
to the white Ium girl’s second inquiry. Maybe his name was the
only thing he didn’t hate about himself.
“I… I’m, Rirupirin.”
He immediately regretted saying it. Because before, when he
traveled to Imperial City Obsidia for the first time, the human
knights and sorcerers had burst into laughter upon hearing the
name Rirupirin.
But, the girl only smiled innocently, without any kind of hidden
emotion, and repeated Rirupirin’s name in a clear voice:
“Rirupirin… What a great name. I’m Leafa. It’s nice to meet you,
please take care of me.”
Then, she performed an bewildering action for the umpteenth
time.
She extended her soft, white, right hand straight out.

89

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Shaking hands — of course he knew about this habit. It was
common among Orcs as well. But he had never heard of an Ium
shaking hands with an Orc.
— What the hell is with this person? Is this a trap, or some
Sorceress’s magic? Have I fallen for a Bewitching Art without
realizing it?
Staring at that small, outstretched hand, Rirupirin could only
moan without moving. The girl watched Rirupirin for nearly ten
seconds, then let her hand fall with slight disappointment. Seeing
her like that, he felt a stabbing pain in his heart for some reason.
If he kept talking to the girl… No, just looking at her, he didn’t
know what would happen to his brain. Rirupirin had decided he
did not want to kill this puny human before him anymore, but to
find another solution that did not require brainpower, he spoke:
“Yer… a Guardian of the Hooman Empire army, no, a knight. I
wanna take ya prisoner. Take ya ta the Emperor!”
Even though she was young, the armor she wore and the long
sword equipped at her left waist were unlike anything given to a
soldier, no matter how he looked at them. Their intricate designs
and gleaming material were likely of much higher grade than
Rirupirin’s equipment.
The girl did not show a trace of fear at Rirupirin’s roar, as though
she was thinking about something, then finally shrugged and
asked:
“The Emperor you’re talking about is Dark God Vector, right?”
“Y… Yeah.”
“Got it. Okay then. Take me to the Emperor.”

90

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She nodded, brought her hands together, and stuck them out. This
was very clearly not a gesture to shake hands, but one
encouraging him to tie her up.
— What the hell is she thinking?

91

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

92

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Rirupirin took a sash from his belt, and roughly — but a
bit loosely, tied the girl’s wrists. After pulling on the end of the
rope to tighten it, he remembered that the Emperor was no longer
at the army encampment of the Dark Land.
But, if he continued to think about complicated things, his brain
would be fried. Even if the Emperor wasn’t there, there was still
that Dark Knight aide with the disgusting expression, or someone
like the Commerce Guild leader Lengil who would know what to
do.
A few seconds after he turned, he began to walk as he pulled on
the sash with slight care.
Suddenly, a thick black haze appeared around him. A revolting
smell pierced his nose. Everything instantly became invisible, and
Rirupirin scanned his surroundings on alert.
“Ah…?!”
That short, surprised utterance was without doubt from that girl
who called herself Leafa.
Flicking his head around, Rirupirin saw an arm sticking out from
deep within the thick fog and pulling violently at Leafa’s tied hair.
Then, the owner of the hand appeared out of the haze.
The woman who should have died — Dark Sorceress’ Guild Leader
D.I.L. stood there, her lips curved in a cruel smile.
***
Why can’t I catch up to him?
Bercouli, the leader of the Integrity Knights, felt as surprised as he
was desperate.
His three dragons had been in pursuit for more than two hours.

93

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

They had flown over the forest, where the Human Empire Defense
army was camping, and the wide circular depression, passed
through the ruins lined with strange, giant statues, and burst into
the uncharted southern region of the Dark Territory, but the
distance between them showed no signs of decreasing. Having
abducted his beloved apprentice Integrity Knight Alice, Emperor
Vector’s dragon still remained a miniscule black dot on the distant
horizon.
The Emperor and Alice were riding together on a single dragon.
Conversely, Bercouli continuously switched between Hoshigami,
Amayori, and Takiguri, trying his best to minimize their fatigue. In
theory, he should have caught up by now.
Why can’t he catch up then? Is the Emperor able to freely control
his dragon’s Life?
Impossible. Not even the Highest Minister Administrator could
control Life as she wanted, that should be the greatest taboo.
Of course, he couldn’t fly indefinitely. He had to let his dragon rest
at least twice before reaching the «World End Altar» at the
southernmost edge of the Dark Territory. But Bercouli’s dragons
also needed to rest. Since their speed was equal, he would never
be able to close their distance.
It — won’t end.
Bercouli was unable to use an Art that could reach all the way to
the horizon. To break this current situation, the only possibility
was to —
The Knight Commander gently caressed his beloved sword at his
left waist with his right hand.
A reliable, gritty, ice-cold feel. But just from its touch, he could feel
that its Life was far from completely replenished. The extensive
Armament Full Control Art he had used at the Great Eastern Gate
had expended more than he had expected.

94

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The tactic that Bercouli was about to use, the ultimate pinnacle of
the Divine Instrument «Time Piercing Sword», would expend an
astronomical amount of Life.
He could use it only once. And the strike had to be more precise
than threading a needle in order to hit its target.
Bercouli gently caressed Takiguri’s neck, and leapt lightly beside it
onto Hoshigami’s back.
Even if he wasn’t holding its reins, he passed his consciousness to
his partner who had fought alongside him over the years, and
carefully adjusted his altitude.
He aimed at the black dot like a grain of sand on the far off
horizon.
Although he very much wanted to aim at the Emperor himself, at
this distance he could not even see his silhouette, so the risk of
missing was too high. He must see through his movements, and
concentrate all of his energy on one wing of his dragon.
Standing straight up on his stirrups, Bercouli slowly moved his
right hand and drew his longsword, forged entirely from a single
material, out from its worn leather sheath.
The blade he held to the right of his body emitted a weak glow.
The Recollection Release Art directly activated without an
incantation and the longsword swayed like steam, drawing
innumerable afterimages behind it with the dragon’s advance.
The Knight Commander looked steely as the corner of his mouth
twitched, gently apologizing to the innocent dragon.
Then, narrowing his pale blue eyes — Bercouli, the world’s eldest
knight, uttered a sharp cry.
“Time Piercing Sword — Unseen Slash!!”
With a heavy zoom, he swung the blade down heavily but
surprisingly quickly. Countless blue afterimages flashed along in
the direction of the slash, then disappeared one by one.
95

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Far off in the distance, the left wing of the black dragon ridden by
Emperor Vector was silently severed off from its roots.
***
“It smells… I can smell it… So sweet is the fragrance of Life…”
Clasping the human girl’s hair and lifting her entire body up,
D.I.L.’s lips emitted a fractured voice.
Rirupirin could only watch dumbly at the Dark Sorceress, whom
no matter how much he hated, it still didn’t feel enough.
Her dark skin, once gleaming with the sheen of fragrant oil, and
her once magnificent black curls, were now in a horrible state. Her
entire body was utterly covered in wounds seeping blood nonstop,
incurred from sharp blades. With D’s every move, a few wounds
would split open, spurting more blood. But the black haze
surrounding the Sorceress would quickly gather around the
wound, secrete a nauseating smell, and stem the blood flow.
The source of the smoke was a small leather pouch hanging from
D’s waist. Upon closer inspection, when the pouch was open,
strange insect-like things would occasionally poke their heads out
to spray the thick fog. It must be a Dark Art that inhibited Life
decrease.
Glancing at Rirupirin, who had pinched his nose out of disgust, the
corners of D’s mouth lifted.
“What excellent prey. I commend you, pig. As a reward, I’ll show
you something nice.”
Right after she said that —
D slid her talon-like right finger into the girl’s collar, who made a
pained expression as her hair was hoisted further up.
With a relentless noise, the silver armor and light grass-colored
shirt were suddenly torn apart and fell to the ground.

96

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As the pure white skin on her upper body was exposed, the girl’s
face contorted even further. Watching her, D panted sadistically
and revealed a wild grin.
“How is it? It’s your first time seeing a human woman’s body, is it?
This might be too tempting for a pig! But the show’s just getting
started…!!”
The five digits on D’s right hand suddenly began to wriggle and
writhe like they had suddenly lost their bones.
Somehow, her fingers had already transformed into glistening,
slippery worms. At their ends, concentric circles of thin, saw-like
mouths opened wide, writhing disgustingly.
“Watch…!!”
As D shouted, her five fingers — no, five long worms stretched far
beyond their original length and wrapped around the girl’s upper
body. They not only stopped her from moving; the ends raised
their sickle-shaped necks — and stabbed into her skin.
“AH…!!”
Blood spurted in all directions as the girl called Leafa screamed,
her green eyes wide. She tried to peel off the worms with her
hands, but her upper body was entangled and her wrists were tied
up by Rirupirin’s sash.
The blood flow from her five wounds suddenly seemed to stop,
but the reality was different. Rirupirin realized that the worms on
D’s right hand were emitting swallowing sounds; they were
drinking her blood.
The Dark Sorceress lifted her head and began to recite a shrill
incantation.
“System call!! Transfer human unit durability… Right to Self!!”
Pop, blue light burst from the girl’s wounds.

97

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Then, as if synchronizing with the flow of blood, it was sucked into
D’s hand through the worms. The girl’s torment intensified, and
her thin body arched backward as though it were about to snap in
half.
“Ah… Powerful… Powerful!! How rich… and sweet!!”
A piercing screech shattered Rirupirin’s eardrums.
This pain jolted the Orc chief back to his senses, and he shouted as
if panting:
“Wha’… Wha’ are ya doing!! This girl is my prisoner!! I wanna take
‘er ta the Emperor!!”
“Shut up, you stupid pig!!”
D screamed arrogantly, her eyes bloodshot.
“Have you forgotten that the Emperor has given all operational
command to me?! My will is the Emperor’s will!! My command is
the Emperor’s command!!”
Gu. Rirupirin was at a loss for words.
Hadn’t this operation ended in failure a long time ago? He wanted
to retort. But the Emperor had disappeared from the battlefield
without giving any orders. Now, there was no one to overturn D’s
perspective of her “power”.
As Rirupirin watched, dumbstruck, the girl emitted silent screams
and her movements began to weaken. On the other hand, the
countless wounds on D’s skin began to adhere together, bit by bit,
and close.
“Uh… Gurgh…”
Crushing noises came from his clenched teeth.
To Rirupirin, the girl having her Life slowly absorbed, overlapped
with the silhouette of the princess general who had died as a
sacrifice.

98

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The light slowly vanished from the girl’s eyes. Her skin had gone
from white to pale, and her hands fell powerlessly to her side. But
the tentacles on D’s right hand still writhed hungrily, intending to
suck out every last drop of her blood.
Die… She will die.
This rare prisoner.
No, the first human who was neither afraid of nor disdainful
towards him.
Just then —
An unthinkable phenomenon, or rather, a miracle occurred.
Rirupirin’s eyes widened involuntarily.
The ground.
The jet black, charcoal-like desert ground of the Dark Territory,
below the suspended girl, began radiating green.
What looked like very soft grass, which was unseen except in rare
places, shot up from the ground, and innumerable flowers in all
sorts of colors began blooming in every direction. The fragrance of
flowers carried in the wind, and even the blood-red sunlight had
changed to a warm cream color.
This scene, teeming with life, spun around and was instantly
absorbed into the girl’s body.
Her pale skin immediately regained its color, and her eyes shone
once more.
As the sudden illusion disappeared, Rirupirin realized that the
girl’s Life had already completely recovered. An inexplicable relief
flooded his heart.
But it was immediately shattered.
“Unbelievable… It’s coming out… It’s seeping out again!!”
D screeched, her wounds seemingly completely healed as well.
99

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She released her right hand from clasping the girl’s hair, and the
fingers on that hand also transformed into ugly worms.
With corpulent, sticky sounds, the five newly generated tentacles
pierced the girl’s skin.
“… AHH…!!”
D’s guffaws completely drowned out the girl’s thin screams.
“AHAHAHAHA!! AH — HAHAHAHAHA!! Mine! It’s MINE — !!”
***
— I have to endure this.
Suffering an excruciating pain she had never felt before either in
the real world or ALO, Leafa could only repeat this to herself.
Before she dived, she heard the explanation of Super Account 03
«Terraria, Goddess of the Earth»’s powers.
Unlimited automatic recovery. Automatically absorbing energy
from the wide space around her, to recover her own durability or
that of any static or animated object. According to that technician
named Higa, her already vast HP level, together with that power,
made it virtually impossible for her to die from HP loss.
That was why Leafa had decided to risk being captured to
challenge Dark God Vector, and simultaneously chose not to draw
her sword against the people of Underworld.
The woman tormenting her now was an Underworld resident like
Rirupirin — an Artificial Fluctlight. If she was slashed with a
sword, her soul would be completely destroyed. Without knowing
how she had gotten wounded and why she wanted to recover,
Leafa could not battle her.
Ahh — but.
Putting aside the shame of having her clothes torn off, the pain of
her Life being drained was indescribable.

100

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Was this truly a virtual feeling separate from her real, physical
body?
***
“… Stop.”
Rirupirin was unable to immediately realize that the word had
come from his own mouth.
But then, very clearly this time, his mouth moved, and his throat
vibrated.
“Stop!”
Her pupils shrinking to the size of pinholes, D’s eyes cast a
scornful glare. Enduring the chill welling from his stomach, the
Orc chief continued:
“Isn’t yer Life not fully restored a’ready? Ya dun need ta get any
more from that Ium’s body!”
“… Whaaat now? Giving orders to me…?”
D spoke softly, sounding like an off-key song.
Suddenly, the ten tentacles began to wriggle more intensely,
forcefully pinching the girl’s skin, rapaciously sucking blood. The
Dark Sorceress’s skin had already completely regenerated to an
oily shine, and her hair was even longer and richer than before.
Not only that, the superfluous Life molded into blue particles and
spread into the air from her body. Yet D showed no sign of
stopping the torture, remaining wrapped around the girl, who was
much smaller than her, from behind.
“I’ve said it before, pig. This prisoner is mine now. No matter how
much Life I absorb, how much I abuse her in front of you, pig, or
even if I kill her right here and now, it’s got nothing to do with you,
does it?”
Kuku, kukuku. A leaden cackle came from her throat.

101

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“But, yes, sure. You discovered her, so I should defer to you,
shouldn’t I? Then… take all of your clothing off now.”
“Wha’… Wha’re ya sayin’…”
“Ever since a long time ago, seeing your poser armor and mantle
has made me want to vomit. You’re just a pig, yet you dress like a
man. If you go completely nude here, crawl on all fours, and grunt
a bit for me, perhaps I’ll return this girl to you.”
Gu.
Suddenly, a portion of the right half of his vision flashed red.
Simultaneously, a pain, like being stabbed with an iron needle,
came from his right eye.
— Just a pig.
— Like a man.
D’s words overlapped with this Leafa girl’s words.
— You’re a human, aren’t you?
— Other than that, what more do you need?
He could not let D kill this girl. No, he did not want her to die. For
this… For this.
Rirupirin’s trembling hands found the button on his leather
mantle. Buchi, he tore it off.
Stepping on his coiled coat, Rirupirin moved his hand towards the
leather belt securing his armor together.
Suddenly, a weak voice was heard.
“… Don’t.”
His head jerked up, and his eyes met with Leafa’s, who was staring
at him.
Her teary emerald eyes swivelled back and forth.
“I’m… fine. So, don’t… do it.”
102

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Her voice could not hold until the end. D suddenly bit softly into
the girl’s face.
“If you keep saying these useless things, I’ll bite off this cute face of
yours. We’ve already entered the good part. Hey, what’s the
matter, pig. Take it off. Or are you getting excited from human
nudity?”
Kyahahahaha. Her noisy cackling had no end.
His hand, gripping his armor’s belt, began to tremble.
He didn’t care at all about the pain in his right eye. After all,
compared to the anger and humiliation filling his heart, this pain
was nothing.
“I’m… I’m… I’m…”
Suddenly, something gushed from both of his eyes, running down
both cheeks. The droplets falling on the left were clear, but those
on the right side were dyed crimson.
His right hand slowly released the belt — and moved towards the
hilt of the large blade on his left waist.
“I’m, a human!!”
As he shouted, an agony he had never felt before attacked his eye,
and it ruptured in its socket.
Through his halved vision, Rirupirin accurately found D’s
silhouette. Her sadistic cackle ceased, and her mouth dropped
open.
With all his might, Rirupirin swung his blade towards D’s
unprotected legs.
But — since he had just lost an eye, his perception was thrown off.
The tip of his sword just missed D’s right calf. Rirupirin’s body lost
balance and his left shoulder collapsed onto the ground.
Lifting his head, he saw D.I.L. pouting, her expression now fierce.
103

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“This stinking pig… dares to harm me…!”
She flung the girl’s body behind her, and raised her tentacle hands.
With rough sounds, they suddenly transformed into ten sharp,
gleaming black blades.
“I’ll slice you into mincemeat, and mix you into boar feed!!”
The Orc chief only waited for the moment that the blades on both
sides swung down.
Thump.
Thump.
Two feeble sounds were heard at the same time. D’s movements
stopped cold.
Stunned, Rirupirin saw that both of the Sorceress’s arms had
fractured at their roots and fallen to the ground with dull thuds.
D’s expression was also one of shock. The tall woman slowly
turned around, blood pouring from her shoulders like waterfalls.
Leafa’s radiant white features entered Rirupirin’s sight.
Compared to her slender frame that was rather lacking in muscle,
her long blade that looked very difficult to control swung straight
ahead. Although both her wrists were tied, this girl had, without a
doubt, been the one who cut D’s arms off.
D croaked in a shriveled voice:
“A human… helping a pig, slashing another human…?”
Watching the Dark Sorceress shake her head back and forth in
disbelief, Leafa replied:
“No. I’m only cutting evil to save another person.”
She briskly raised her long sword into a daijodan stance.
Hya-ka!
The girl slashed down from an incredible distance.
104

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

How — graceful.
Her movements had no unnecessary force, yet were surprisingly
quick, and her technique was paramount.
Once more, Rirupirin felt tears — of emotion, this time. As he
watched, D.I.L., the strongest Sorceress in the Dark Land and the
strongest among the Ten Lords, was completely, and silently,
severed in half.

105

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

4
Gabriel Miller watched indifferently as the black dragon beat its
single wing, landed softly, uttered a soft cry, and expired.
The moment his eyes left it, everything related to the dragon’s
existence was completely purged from his thoughts and
memories. He surveyed his surroundings without changing his
expression.
The crash site was a region with numerous cylindrical stone
pillars. The pillar he had landed on the center of the area was
about 100 yards8 tall and 30 yards9 wide.
Jumping down would be too impulsive. He was still very
unfamiliar with the magic in this world, which synthesized and
controlled elements, and he could not leave the Radiant Medium
Alice currently lying unconscious at his feet.
If he had some strong ropes, anchors, and carabiners, even in the
real world, Gabriel could easily rappel down a wall of this height.
But there was no need for that now, since the enemy who had
somehow brought him down was now rapidly approaching from
the north with three dragons. He would simply deal with the
enemy, take over a new dragon’s AI, and continue south.
Gabriel lifted his head and gazed straight above. The virtual sun
floating in the red sky had reached a suitable height.
There was not much time left before Critter accelerated the time
again. Could the American closed beta testers, numbering at least
50,000, wipe out the Human Empire Army before they were
forcibly ejected due to the acceleration? With less than 1,000 left,
the Human Empire Army could not possibly resist.

8
Approximately 90 meters tall. (The book includes metric units because they are more familiar in
Japan.)
9
Approximately 29 meters wide.

106

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As for uncertainties, there were only the Integrity Knights, who
were ravaging the Dark Territory army one by one.
But one of them, Alice, had already fallen into his hands, and her
approaching pursuer was probably a Knight as well, so there were
only one or two of them left in the northern battlefield.
As soon as Gabriel determined that the complications were almost
resolved, he finally turned towards Integrity Knight Alice, who lay
beside him.
Absolutely — beautiful.
So beautiful that the excitement squirming deep down is just
unstoppable.
Gabriel was a bit perplexed: should he remove her armaments
before she woke up, and carefully incarcerate her? That would be
the logical decision, but an enemy was approaching and it was
difficult to find the determination to hastily deal with this
stunning girl.
He would wait for the acceleration and take his time. Even for so
much as undoing a buckle on her armor, he would do it gracefully,
seriously, and symbolically.
“… Sweet dreams for now, Alice… Alicia.”
Whispering gently to her, Gabriel walked to the center of the
cylindrical rock to engage the enemy.
Whether it was Gabriel Miller, who was using Super Account 04
«Dark God Vector», or Critter, who had discovered it, neither of
them knew one fact: Alice, the strongest knight, had fallen
unconscious for several hours from just a dragon’s kick all
because of Vector’s own ability.
The four Super Accounts in Underworld were all created for direct
operations — miracles — on the world and its inhabitants.
Stacia, who could change the geography.
Solus, who could destroy mobile units.
107

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Terraria, who could recover durabilities.
And Vector, who could control the residents’ Artificial Fluctlights
themselves.
Specifically, he could edit the inhabitants’ memories — the vector
data within the Fluctlights, and relocate them to faraway places, or
create new households.
Since this act was different from the other three gods and
tantamount to pillaging the inhabitants, it was difficult for him to
become a subject of worship. Hence, Vector not only possessed the
highest Priority equipment and Life, he was also under the
powerful protection of “the inability to be an Art’s target”.
“Vector’s Lost Child”, passed along in fairy tales of Underworld,
was created based on previous operations on the residents.
The combination of Dark God Vector’s power and Gabriel Miller’s
unique imagination, or Incarnation, achieved a multiplied effect
that not even the «Rath» technicians could predict.
He could absorb others’ willpower without need for Arts.
Alice’s Fluctlight was temporarily robbed of its dynamism, and
forcibly placed into a state of slumber.
Vector and Gabriel’s combined power had also engulfed Dark
General Shasta’s one-hit-kill Incarnation from before.
And now, Shasta’s longtime rival — Integrity Knight Bercouli, had
stepped onto the same road.
***
Bercouli saw that the enemy Emperor’s dragon had crash-landed
on a tall rock that could not be immediately escaped.
He confidently shrugged off the intense fatigue caused by his
ultimate technique.
“Great… Please fly a lil’ bit more, Hoshigami, Amayori, Takiguri!!”

108

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

As his voice rang out, the three dragons powerfully flapped their
wings and accelerated. As long as the enemy stayed there, even a
ten kilol gap would not take too long for a dragon.
In the remaining time before the battle, Bercouli began to silently
contemplate. His mind clearly recalled a dream he’d had the
previous morning.
— Have you ever had a premonition of death?
Highest Minister Administrator had asked him in his dream, and
to Bercouli, whom she had known for hundreds of years, she
remained an inscrutable existence until the very end.
After he was released from Deep Freeze and informed by Alice of
the Highest Minister’s death, he felt nothing as intense as shock
and merely sighed: Thanks for your long, hard work. It was Senate
Elder Chudelkin’s death that stunned him more.
Because of that, he had never specifically asked Alice about
Administrator’s final battle, and her scattered situation. Of course,
on one hand he was too busy with the important mission of the
defense of the Human Empire suddenly resting on his shoulders,
and on the other, he simply did not want to know — the
perseverance and desires of that silver-haired, silver-eyed
demigod, and just how deep her sins ran.
Administrator had always been listless, inconsistent, and
capricious to Bercouli. Although he obeyed her, he certainly did
not worship her like Chudelkin had.
But —
He did not hate serving her.
“That’s right… Believe me just on that one, please.”
The oldest knight muttered, and suddenly opened his sharp eyes.
He could already clearly see Alice lying on the ground in her
golden armor, and Emperor Vector’s silhouette standing silently in
front of her like a shadow.
109

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Okay… Standby in the air, guys! If I fail, head back north and join
the troops!”
Signalling gently to the dragons, Bercouli leapt from Hoshigami’s
back.
***
Trailing Sinon, whose flight left a meteor’s path of light, the 700
people of the Human Empire Army desperately advanced south.
They had already slowly lost the earth-shaking crimson legion
behind. But neither the Guardians nor the war horses could keep
running indefinitely like this.
Asuna stood atop Kirito, Tiese, and Ronye’s carriage, praying as
she fixated her gaze southward.
After about twenty minutes of progress, as Sinon had said, the
outline of gigantic temple-like ruins emerged above the horizon.
There was no sign of humans, demihumans, or any large beings.
Only decaying rock lying silently on the ground.
Spanning the straight road were two flat shrines. They were about
20 meters tall, and more than 300 meters wide. They would be
more than enough as barriers to prevent the enemy from
surrounding them.
Between the two shrines, the road continued south. It gave one
the impression of a sando10, because while it served to connect the
shrine walls, there stood some massive, uncanny statues on either
side of it.
These were not Oriental-style Buddha statues, nor were they
Western-style mythical sculptures. At best, they were square
figures slightly similar to those in the ruins of South America. All
of them were carved with round eyes and large mouths, and their
stubby arms were crossed in front of their chests.
10
A sando (参道) is the road approaching a Shinto shrine or a Buddhist temple. More info
here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandō

110

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Were these designed by Rath engineers when Underworld was
created? Or were they automatically generated by The Seed
program?
Or were they — hewn from the rocky mountains by the Dark
Territory races who once lived here…? Like, giant tomb markers
dedicated to many of the dead…?
Asuna sighed briskly, banishing these ominous thoughts.
She yelled at Knight Renri, who was leading the troops from his
dragon’s back:
“Let’s engage the enemy near the center of the road!”
A reply of “Understood!” came.
Minutes later, the troops charged swiftly along the road between
the shrines. Mammoth rectangular statues on both sides silently
looked down upon them. The horses’ hooves and soldiers’ boots
crunched dryly upon the road, which changed from dirt to
cobblestone.
Renri directed them spiritedly, his voice cutting through the icy
air:
“All right. Vanguard, part your ranks and stop! Allow the carriage
team and the support team to pass through!”
The vanguard instantly split in two, and eight carriages passed
through their cavalry, followed by the support team mainly
consisting of Ascetics. Upon reaching the very back, they halted. A
strong gust of wind blew from the giant doorway far down the
road, and Asuna’s hair billowed up.
This was the only moment of silence. The American players
pursued them with a rumbling cacophony, rustling grains of sand
from the statues.
Asuna leapt from the carriage, and spoke to the girls poking their
heads out of the canopy and the woman standing beside them:
“This is the last battle. I’ll leave Kirito-kun to you guys.”
111

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Yes! Leave him to us, Asuna-sama!”
“We will definitely protect him!”
“— Even if we must put our lives on the line.”
As Tiese, Ronye and Sortiliena held their fists tightly in front of
their chests, Asuna did the same and smiled faintly.
“Rest assured. I will absolutely not let the enemy reach this place.”
A part of that was a promise to herself. Asuna gently waved her
right hand and spun around with resolve.
Renri was currently in front of the vanguard, deftly preparing the
Guardians.
The road was about 20 meters wide. Although it was a little too
broad to defend, completely blocking it by putting the troops into
a rotation system was not impossible.
The important thing was to control the number of deaths as best
they could while carving away at the 10,000 or so enemies, as the
Ascetics continued their magic support from behind. Fortunately,
there were no signs of any magic users among the crimson
soldiers. Although the players likely had no way of picking up
Underworld’s complex command system in such a short time, this
situation was, honestly, a godsend.
If this situation were to change —
I will kill the entire enemy army myself.
Asuna inhaled deeply and concentrated that thought inside her
body, together with her commitment.
Considering Stacia’s vast quantity of Life and the Priority of her
equipment, she shouldn’t fall purely because of numerical damage.
The problem was whether or not she could withstand that harsh
pain. When pain was dealt to her heart, her virtual body would be
injured, and even if she tried as hard as she could, she would still
fall into a state in which she couldn’t even hold her sword.
112

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Asuna closed her eyes, thinking of the injured Kirito. She imagined
the enormity of the pain and sorrow he carried.
By the time she came to the very front of the forces, not a trace of
fear was left in her heart.
The titanic confrontation, meant to be the last of its kind in this
war, unfolded under the sun at high noon.
About twenty heavily armored American players charged onto
the sando of the ruins, seeking the realistic blood and screams as
promised by the advertisement website.
Yet what awaited them were not pitiful NPCs designed to provide
unrated entertainment, but true heroes filled with the
determination to save the world and rescue their beloved golden
Integrity Knight. Although heavily damaged, their swords still
glinted with the glow of irrepressible will, firmly enduring their
enemies’ weapons, shattering their enemies’ armor.
A lone silhouette was looking down from high above, upon the
crimson-armored players being decisively destroyed.
Tight, leather clothing that minimized reliance on metallic armor,
like a rider suit11. The gleaming leather was covered with matte
silver rivets.
The only weapon was a large dagger resembling a meat cleaver,
hanging from the left waist. The face was obscured. The body was
wrapped in a black leather raincoat-like poncho, with the hood
drooping all the way to the mouth.
The lips, warped into a sneer, were the only visible feature.
It was Vassago Casals.
After diving into Underworld once more and barely avoiding
Sinon’s sudden wide ranged laser attack, he had mixed in with the
Americans to chase the Human Empire Army.

11

Kawahara means “racing suit”, which is tight-fitting full body wear for auto racers.

113

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

However, he did not join the early attack, instead smoothly
climbing onto the wall of the west shrine, mounting a statue’s
head from where he was able to watch the battlefront, and
deciding to enjoy the show in a premium seat.
“Kekek, that bitch is just as relentless as before when she’s upset.
She sure kills a lot.”
He murmured as his shoulders shook with indescribable
excitement.
Exactly as she was in Vassago’s distant memory, the girl in pearly
armor with chestnut hair flying in the wind — Asuna «The Flash»
let the rapier in her right grip gleam brilliantly.
Back then, Vassago had been in the same position, watching
Asuna’s battles while hiding from afar. He had adamantly vowed
to himself: I will finish you before the world ends.
Together with the swordsman in black, who had fought even more
fiercely by her side.
***
When he leapt from the dragon’s back, Bercouli was still nearly
two hundred mel above the ground. If he had simply plummeted
straight down like that, even he would not have been able to
withstand the impact.
But as though he were stepping down an invisible staircase, the
Knight Commander rushed down the sky in a helical motion.
With every step he took, he was actually generating a Wind
Element underfoot and immediately detonating it, using this
kickback to decrease his own momentum. Controlling Elements
with both feet was a skill he had stolen decades ago from Senate
Elder Chudelkin.
Gripping the hilt of his sword, the eldest knight of this world leapt,
and leapt, into Emperor Vector’s blind spot. Vector stood at the
summit of the pillar beneath him, which bore semblance to an
artificial spire.
114

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

— Kill him in one strike.
It was Integrity Knight Bercouli’s first time reanimating such
murderous intent as when he had killed the Dark General from the
previous two generations – more than a hundred and fifty years
ago. In these long years, never once had an enemy appeared who
was sufficient at provoking his utterly raw killing intent.
Even in his battle with that Eugeo boy, who had barged into the
Central Cathedral alone, Bercouli had fought sincerely, without
even a single trace of true murderous intent. But, if he looked at it
this way, even against the Dark Generals, his strongest enemies
throughout the years, he had never harbored such negative
emotions as rage and hatred.
In other words, this was Bercouli’s first time in his prolonged life
channeling genuine fury into his blade.
Every fiber of his being was truly furious. Furthermore, it was not
just because his opponent had captured Alice.
Coming from the outside world called the Real World, this
outsider has forced the Dark Land people onto the battlefield
when they could have achieved peace instead, and sent tens of
thousands to their deaths in vain. To Bercouli, who had protected
this world for over two hundred years, this was an absolutely
unforgivable atrocity.
— Emperor Vector, I don’t know what reason you have.
But not everyone from the Real World is a demon like you. I
understood that as soon as I saw that lil’ miss named Asuna.
That means, the only thing evil beyond help, is your nature.
If so, I shall bring forth your retribution.
I shall teach you the weight of Dark General Shasta, Integrity
Knight Eldrie, and the lives of the countless humans who have
perished on this battlefield.
Now learn… from this single strike!!
115

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Ze… AHH!”
Leaping ten mel into the air with his last step, the Knight
Commander swung his sword down at Emperor Vector’s
unprotected head in a slash charged with all of his willpower.
The air burned, glowing white. The blade radiated a light blinding
beyond measure, causing even the world to lose its original color.
Without question, this was the strongest, most powerful strike
among all sword techniques in the history of Underworld. Its
priority was placed even above system commands as it overwrote
the Main Visualizer’s mnemonic data. In other words, for
everything that was placed in the path of this ultimate strike, all
status values meant nothing whatsoever.
Even for Super Account 04 — Emperor Vector’s practically
unlimited Life value, he would disintegrate if he were hit by this
strike.
If he were hit, that is.
Even when faced with the fatal meteorite about to plummet onto
his head, Vector’s face was devoid of emotion.
The speed of that strike was so fast that one could only stare
motionlessly at it. The attack came in a mere instant; no matter
how fast one’s reaction was, they ought to be unable to deal with it
in time.
But in that instant, Vector’s body, wrapped in black crystalline
armor, silently slid out of the way.
In the only direction to avoid the attack path, sliding just far
enough to evade the strike.
Bercouli’s blade could only reach the red mantle flowing in the
wind. The instant it came into contact with the sword, the thick fur
pelt disintegrated into countless grains of dust.

116

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Zugaaaaang!! With a thunderous noise, a deep, straight wound
was carved into the solid rock. The entire mammoth peak
trembled, and pieces of rock tumbled down the edges.
— He evaded that?
Although dumbfounded, Bercouli did not hesitate to move for
even an instant. Through long years of battle experience, he had
long learned not to stop and think under unexpected
circumstances.
He took a final step on air, slid to the Emperor’s flank, and landed.
Immediately, he threw out a horizontal slash. Barely half a second
had passed since the failure of his fully concentrated strike.
Yet Vector even evaded this second attack.
His body was like black smoke blown away in the wind,
effortlessly sliding out of reach without any sort of preparation at
all. The sword tip grazed his armor’s surface, and sparks flew into
the air.
However.
This time, Bercouli was finally certain of his victory.
His full-power attack from before had missed, but its strength had
not dissipated. His beloved sword’s Armament Full Control Art,
«Time Piercing Sword, Empty Slash»— an ability to slash the
future, had already been activated. It was an ultimate technique
that would leave its power along the path of the slash, killing any
who came into contact with the sharp blade; it had been a great
torment to Eugeo during their fight back in the Cathedral.
The Emperor’s back was pulled towards the space where there
remained an undetectable slash.
The first to go was his silky platinum hair, swirling in all
directions.
The crown atop his head shattered with a piercing metallic crack.

117

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Vector raised his hands high into the air, as though begging for
mercy.
Bercouli strongly felt that, in the next instant, that body wrapped
in black would be severed in two from top to bottom.
Slap.
A clear, dry crack.
The source was — the Emperor’s hands, clapped together above
the back of his head.
— He stopped the «Empty Slash» with his bare hands? With his
back turned?
Impossible. Although the secret technique of catching a sharp
blade with both hands had been passed down the generations of
Fist Fighters in the Dark Land, it was an ultimate technique only
made possible by their steel fists. More importantly, even the Fist
Fighter chief would definitely be unable to stop the power
remaining in that space with his bare hands.
These thoughts only persisted for an instant, but afterwards,
Bercouli finally stood still.
Therefore, he could only stare blankly at what happened next.
The mirage-like amorphous slash left in the air was absorbed into
the Emperor’s hands.
At the same time, the Emperor’s blue eyes were dyed with a
seemingly bottomless darkness.
At the deepest point of that darkness, countless lights flashed —
those were, stars…?
No.
They were souls. Souls that this man had absorbed and trapped
there. Dark General Shasta and his female aide were probably in
there as well…
“… You bastard, you can devour other people’s Incarnation?”
118

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

At Bercouli’s murmuring, Vector slowly lowered his hands, which
had completely absorbed the slash, and spoke calmly.
“Shin’i?12 … I see, mind and will.”
That voice was bone-chilling; it seemed devoid of any feeling of a
living human. And the source of the voice, those thin lips, warped
into a shape that resembled a smile.
“Your mind, is like old, vintage wine. Thick and rich… With a
heavy, long-lasting aftertaste. Although it is not to my liking… it
would do well as an appetizer before the main course.”
The Emperor’s pale hands gripped the hilt of the longsword on his
waist.
The thin blade he slowly drew out of the sheath was covered in a
violet phosphorescence. Tilting the tip downwards like a weak
person, Emperor Vector smiled again.
“Now, let me drink some more of it.”
***
The giant’s rough sword eventually grazed Asuna’s left arm.
Pain assailed her, like white-hot iron wire digging into her flesh.
— This is nothing!
She thought intensely, as the small pink wound on her wrist
silently vanished in the next moment.
And then, with a wispy flash of her right arm, her blade stabbed
the man in front of her four times in graceful succession, from his
right shoulder to his left ribs. The man’s face distorted as he
shouted obscenities, then he keeled over onto the ground.
She had already lost count of how many she had struck down.
At the same time, she was unaware of how much time had passed
since the beginning of this battle in the ruins.
12

Incarnation (心意, shin’i) is a foreign concept to Vector, so he repeats it aloud in Japanese here.

119

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She was only certain of the fact that the number of crimson
footsoldiers, flooding like an avalanche through the entrance to
this road, was still nearly endless.
— Hmph, a drawn out battle like this isn’t much. In Old Aincrad,
boss battles that took three to four hours were commonplace.
Asuna boasted in her heart, leapt over the disappearing corpses of
her allies, and parried away a new enemy’s brandished axe with
her rapier.
The enemy’s balance was shattered by this blow; Asuna struck
accurately at his heart as she glanced left and right.
Asuna’s location of battle was dead center of the road; to her right,
Integrity Knight Renri was alternatively projecting the two
throwing blades in his hands with chilling strength and accuracy,
as the bodies ahead of him piled high. He seemed fine for now.
The problem was to her left. Lead by Sortiliena, the captain-class
Guardians were stationed there, and yet it was clear that the
frontline was being gradually pushed back.
“Left flank, rotate between vanguards faster! Please prioritize
Healing Arts on that side as well!”
“Asuna-sama, I can still fight!”
The one who responded was Sortiliena on the very front line,
activating a wide-ranged two-handed Sword Skill, «Cyclone». Her
long sword rotated rapidly with a light green glow and blew back
three enemy soldiers, but Liena knelt down immediately after.
Judging by the conversation during last night’s Memory Exposing
Competition, swordsmen of the noble class were more
accustomed to one-on-one, gentlemanly duels, and long
skirmishes with no end in sight were completely unfamiliar.
Although Liena’s sword skills were actually quite fluent and fierce,
even to Asuna, who just arrived in this world yesterday, they were
simply too proper.

120

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She used virtually no feints or tripping techniques before her
critical skills, and consequently the enemies’ flailing weapons
would inflict scratches on her when she became rigid before or
after her skills activated. Her armor was already riddled with
scars, and trails of blood seeped through her purple Guardian
uniform.
“Retreat and heal, Liena-san! Trust your partners!”
At Asuna’s directive, Liena bit her lip and nodded, then retreated,
saying “I’ll be right back!” The gap she left in the front line was
immediately replaced by the Guardian Commander, but his face
was weary.
Other than the exhaustion of the left flank, there was something
else that worried Asuna.
The crimson soldiers they were currently battling were not mere
humanoid monsters driven by algorithms, but veteran players
from America, the birthplace of MMORPGs. They, who had been
familiar with player combat since long ago, would eventually
realize that their current, simple assaults were ineffective, and
begin carrying out more strategic maneuvers.
What would she do in their situation? Asuna whirled her rapier
nonstop as she thought.
Typically, she would launch a long range attack from the rear. But
there were no wizard-class players among the enemies, and even
if there were, they would be unable to familiarize themselves with
Underworld’s complex Arts language in such a short time.
Other than magic, there was archery. Fortunately for the Human
Empire Army, the other side could not prepare archer accounts.
Their last resort was to simply lob the weapons in their hands, but
this would give them great pause, because if they threw their
weapons away, they would be unable to participate in the battle
afterwards.
It seemed that their opponents were out of options to attack them.
121

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Then, just like she envisioned beforehand, they only needed to cut
down all ten thousand or so of these enemies.
Almost exactly as Asuna renewed her determination —
The entrance to the road was suddenly obscured by darkness.
The morning sun was blocked out by gigantic shields raised into a
neat row and lances standing like flag poles.
— Heavy lancers!
“Pre… Prepare to defend against the assault!! Be careful to avoid
the enemy’s lance tips!! Just get close to the enemy and you can
knock them down!”
Right as Asuna shouted, with a CLATTER of metal on metal, the
giant lances were pointed forward in an orderly fashion.
“““Assaaaaaaaaaault!!”””
A full row of 20 heavy lancers let out a ferocious bellow, and
began charging.
The Guardians were made restless by the pressure from the red
tsunami. I’m begging you all, please calm down, Asuna prayed
silently as she gazed at the lancers rushing towards them. The
lances, gleaming a vicious black, were fast approaching in a
straight line.
Wait until the last instant and — Cling!
Yellow sparks flew in all directions as her rapier slid across the
side of the lance. The sharp tip grazed Asuna’s right cheek, and
flew past.
“… Haaah!!”
With a shout, she jabbed her rapier into a slit in the enemy’s
armor, and looking up, saw that it had pierced her hulking
opponent’s throat. With a raw, vivid impact, blood spurted from
the helmet’s visor.

122

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The screams that rang out, however, were not just from the
footsoldiers.
Several Guardians defending the left flank, unable to avoid the
lances, were skewered.
“Grgh……….!!”
Gritting her teeth, Asuna left her position and ran to the left. With
a single stab, «Linear», she pierced through the chest armor of a
footsoldier pulling his lance from a dead Guardian’s body. Holding
up her blood-soaked sword again, she cut off both hands of the
next enemy with a double stab, «Parallel Sting».
She evaded the lance thrust by the third, jeering footsoldier with a
vertical leap. Landing on the lance, she ran up, planted her feet on
the enemy’s shoulders, ripped off his helmet with her left hand,
and buried her rapier in his exposed nape.
The enemy fell without so much as a scream. Stepping onto his
back, Asuna shouted:
“Bring the wounded to the back! Heal them with maximum
priority!!”
Surveying her surroundings once again, it seemed that, with
Knight Renri and the Guardians’ hard struggle, they had somehow
repelled the heavy lancers, but six Guardians had suffered direct
hits from the lances. Three of them were likely beyond help.
— If our opponents repeat this strategy, the vastly outnumbered
Human Empire Army will no longer be able to hold its current
position.
Her fears were realized with a new wave of earthshaking tremors.
The next 20 heavy lancers charged in from the entrance of
the sando.
Asuna tore her gaze from the incoming swarm of lances and
glanced at her designated position in the middle of the front line.

123

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

There stood a young, almost childish-looking Guardian trying to
control his sword, his knees quivering.
“AH………!!”
Yelling sharply, Asuna ran to the right.
She leapt between the young Guardian standing stock-still and a
spear coming from the left. Her rapier wouldn’t make it in time to
parry. She could only grip the lancehead with her left hand.
If this was a normal VRMMO world, then Asuna, who had
overwhelming reaction speed and physical strength, would be
able to successfully block it. But in Underworld, the countless
parameters that were ignored in SAO and ALO, existed.
The smooth steel lance slid through her bloody fist —
A blunt impact shook her entire body. Unable to utter a sound,
Asuna silently looked down at her side, where an enormous piece
of metal had pierced through.
***
Minimal movement maximizing his sword’s efficiency.
To Knight Commander Bercouli, Emperor Vector’s
swordsmanship was just that: completely different from any style
he had ever seen before.
First, he almost never used his feet. When avoiding an attack, he
would merely slide slightly along the ground. Also, even when he
was attacking, it didn’t seem like any preparation was made
beforehand. The sword he held loosely in his right hand would
suddenly come flying from the nearest distance.
In short, predicting his movements was nigh impossible. The
veteran Bercouli had not countered any of the Emperor’s five
quick and powerful attacks.
But five times was enough.

124

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Due to his vast combat experience, Bercouli, who had roughly
grasped Vector’s techniques, began his first counter at the start of
the other side’s sixth attack.
“Hsss!”
Releasing as little of his spirit as possible, he launched an
overhead slash right before Vector did the same.
Along with a violent metallic clank, bluish-white sparks spurted in
all directions.
The two swords crossed in midair. From here it was a contest of
strength. The enemy’s sword sank down without even the
slightest resistance. Seemingly unable to withstand the pressure,
the tall-statured Vector bent his knees.
— This is the critical moment!!
Bercouli infused his beloved sword with refined Incarnation. The
battle-worn steel sword’s blade gleamed silver. The Time Piercing
Sword, slowly pressing down on Vector’s black longsword,
touched the enemy’s shoulder, piercing his armor —
Immediately, Vector’s sword emitted an ominous glow.
An indigo phosphorescence squirmed out like a living organism,
coiling around the Time Piercing Sword. At the same time, the
explosive silver gleam on the Time Piercing Sword vanished, as if
it had withered.
— What, is this?
No…
What, am I… trying to do… in the first place…?
With a sharp crackle, he felt a freezing chill in his left shoulder.
Bercouli opened his eyes, jumped back, took a deep breath, and
regained the consciousness that had slipped away from him for an
instant.
— What the hell was that?
125

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Someone like me, right in the middle of battle… was spacing out?!
Just as he demanded of himself, Bercouli realized that it was not
that simple.
It was as though that the forced blankness was corroding his
consciousness, rendering him unable to understand why he was
here, or even, who he was.
“Bastard… You directly absorbed my Incarnation through my
sword?”
Bercouli groaned huskily.
The response was a silent grin.
Clicking his tongue, he glanced at his left shoulder. It was a graze,
yet the wound was deep.
“Hmph… this is all very interesting, isn’t it, Your Imperial Majesty?
But being unable to cross swords is pretty troubling.”
Bercouli chuckled. In contrast, Vector erased his smile and
murmured.
“… Indeed. Come to think of it, there’s something else I haven’t
tried yet.”
After that, he casually extended the sword in his right hand
straight ahead, but it was completely out of range. There was no
way the blade would reach —
From the tip of the blade suspended in mid-air, a repulsive dark
blue light reached out.
… Don’t tell me, from a distance too?!
Just as that thought flashed through Bercouli’s mind, the light
touched his chest.
His consciousness faded away like an extinguished candle.

126

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The longsword slowly approached the Knight Commander, sliding
straight under his left arm — yet he merely stood there, blankly
watching it all.
The sword was casually swung upward.
With a wet, sticky noise, Bercouli’s thick arm was severed from his
body.
***
“Ku… u… ughh!!”
Asuna somehow managed to suppress her scream, which was
about to leak out, into a low moan. Excruciating pain — or rather,
it was more like being exposed to a white-hot blowtorch,
continuously scorching her abdomen, crushing her senses beyond
her limits.
— This bit of pain is nothing!
It’s just a scratch, it doesn’t matter if it hurts!!
The gleaming black lance that stabbed through her upper left
abdomen must have protruded nearly a meter from her back.
Asuna twisted her head around to look behind her. The lance tip
only ended up grazing the cheek of the young Guardian standing
there. It took all of her willpower to squeeze out a smile to the
young boy, who looked palely back at her.
— Compared to the precious life of this child… What do these
virtual injuries matter?!
“Ungh… Ah!!”
With a shout, she infused strength into her left hand, gripping the
lance that pierced her body.
With a deafening crack, the metal rod nearly five centimeters in
diameter snapped in two in her fist. She then reached behind
herself, grabbed the protruding lancehead, and wrenched it out.

127

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Sparks danced before her eyes, and a shocking pain like lightning
ran from her fingertips to her toes. Yet Asuna’s hand did not cease,
pulling out the lance with an almost violent movement and
flinging it to the ground.
A frightening amount of blood gushed from both her mouth and
the gaping wound in her abdomen, but her body remained
unswervingly upright. Asuna wiped away the blood at the corner
of her mouth, and looked up at the enemy with fire in her eyes.
The hulking owner of the lance blinked rapidly inside his helmet,
his eyes revealing confusion.
“Oh, gosh.”
After this exclamation, uttered twice, came rapid English.
“… The hell, man… This type of game isn’t fun at all. I’m logging
out.”
After hearing that, Asuna accurately pierced the man’s heart with
the rapier in her right hand. His enormous frame keeled over, and
was engulfed by a disappearing effect.
The agony from her wound had not caused Asuna to cry, yet in
this moment her eyes filled with tears.
The pain and hatred enveloping this battlefield now should not
have been necessary from the start.
The American players and the Guardians of the Human Empire
Army never had a reason to murder each other in cold blood. If the
circumstances under which they met had been different, both
sides should have become good friends — just like she had.
Virtual worlds… VRMMOs did not exist just for this.
“H… He… Help… Gh!”
A scream in Japanese interrupted Asuna’s thoughts. Turning her
eyes, she saw a great lance stabbing toward a Guardian lying
immobile on the ground.
128

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“U… AAAAAAAHH!!”
Asuna’s emotions became a roar as she sprang forward.
The rapier in her right hand slashed ahead nonstop and the white
glow flowing from its edge enveloped her entire body; her feet left
the ground as she flew forward like a blinding comet. The highest
level rushing attack for the rapier, «Flashing Penetrator».
The lancer just about to kill the Guardian was flung high into the
air, and the enemy behind him suffered the same fate. A third one
as well.
After securely pinning the body of a fourth man under the foot of a
gigantic statue, her sword skill ended and she turned around,
exhaling.
The second assault wave of the heavy lancers had caused more
than five deaths in the Human Empire Army. Simultaneously, at
the entrance to the road, the third wave of twenty men had
already readied their ferocious lances.
Asuna pulled her rapier from a corpse and cried loudly.
“All units, hold this position at all costs! Renri-san, please come to
the middle!”
Asuna squeezed out a short smile, comforting the young Knight
whose face became rigid upon seeing her bloodsoaked form, and
uttered a last sentence.
“— I will rush into the enemy formation alone. I’ll leave any
enemies that slip through me to you all.”
“A… Asuna-sama?!”
Asuna raised her left fist towards the panting Renri and the
Guardians.
Then, she broke into a run.
***

129

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Bercouli’s center of gravity suddenly wobbled, and it was then he
realized that what he was stepping on was his own left arm,
rolling on the ground.
What awakened his consciousness was not pain, but that chilling
feeling.
“Guh…!”
He leapt backward again, widening the distance between himself
and Vector.
The blood pouring from his left shoulder dyed a crimson arc onto
the white stone.
— What the hell… is this?
He just pointed his sword at me, and my consciousness was
forcibly halted…?
Bercouli lifted two fingers from his right hand’s grip on the Time
Piercing Sword to heal his wound, racking his brains as fast as he
could. The nonverbal Healing Art quickly stopped the flow of
blood with a glimmer of blue light. However, there was not
enough Sacred Spacial Energy on these desolate rocky mountains
to regenerate his fallen arm.
— How should I fight this enemy?
His Armament Full Control Art «Time Piercing Sword, Empty
Slash» was utterly ineffective. The Incarnation left in the air by the
slash would be completely absorbed by his opponent.
His absolute last resort was his Release Recollection Art «Unseen
Slash». But if he wanted to use that technique, he would have to
fulfill two very harsh conditions. First, the opponent could not
interrupt his lengthy attacking movements. The second was to be
extremely accurate, with the difficulty of the latter surpassing that
of the former…
Bercouli flicked away the sweat beading on his forehead with a
flourish.
130

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Then, he realized.
— I’m being desperate.
Somehow, I have nothing more to spare.
In other words, now, this is where I die. The next moment will be
my death.
“… Heh.”
After correctly realizing his impasse, instead of frowning, Integrity
Knight Bercouli Synthesis One grinned.
His eyes slowly moved away from Emperor Vector, who was
approaching him ceaselessly, and fell onto the golden knight lying
horizontally in a corner slightly away from him — Alice Synthesis
Thirty.
— Lil’ Miss.
I still couldn’t give you what you wanted, Lil’ Miss. I couldn’t give
you fatherly love. Because, I can’t remember, anything about my
own parents either.
But, there’s one thing that I do know.
These so-called parents die protecting their children.
“A bastard like you… would never understand, you monster!!”
Bercouli bellowed and sprang forward.
Without any plan whatsoever, merely injecting everything he had
into his beloved sword, the eldest Knight sprinted forward.

131

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

132

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

***
“Ga… Hah…”
A great mouthful of blood gushed out with her rough breath, and
splashed at her feet.
Asuna remained upright, even if she was only propped up by the
rapier in her right hand.
After repelling the third and fourth assault waves of heavy lancers,
she had been wounded more than ten times all over her body. Her
pearly white blouse and skirt were torn to shreds, stained red by
the blood of herself and her enemies.
Having taken a direct hit from a lance, which opened a hole in her
body, it was astonishing that she could still move. In fact, Asuna’s
unfairly enormous HP didn’t allow her strength to drain.
— This body will fall only when my heart fall.
If so, I can stand forever.
Her entire body had lost nearly all sensation. Only burning heat
ran through her nerves, distorting her vision.
The enemy’s fifth wave of troops appeared in Asuna’s dim vision,
and she pulled her rapier out of the ground.
She was no longer able to perform perfect evasions. She could
only stop the enemy’s lance with her body, and counterattack with
sword skills.
Asuna’s feather-light rapier felt as heavy as a leaden rod in her
grip, but she strained to raise it with both hands, hold it in front of
her, and wait for the enemy’s arrival.
“— Go!!”
133

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The ground shook, and 20 lancers began charging ahead.
Boom, boom, boom boom boom boom…
In the slowly accelerating footsteps, a sharp vibration mixed in out
of nowhere.
Asuna’s eyes were attracted upward.
From the scarlet sky, a single line streaked down. It was a thin
sequence of digital code.
— Enemy… reinforcements…?
“…… Ahh……”
Although just a sliver, the sigh she emitted was mixed with
despair.
But —
The color of that line was not the familiar crimson, but a deep blue
akin to the night sky before dawn.
Asuna could no longer foresee what the color meant, and could
only widen her eyes, awaiting the result.
The line halted around ten meters above the ground; the code
began to consolidate and, after a flash of light, became a human
silhouette.
Voom.
The air howled suddenly, and the silhouette began to spin so fast
that it blurred. Uttering a vigorous roar like a tornado, it began
falling again.
Directly under that silhouette, those 20 heavy lancers had stopped
unknowingly and looked dumbly up at the sky.

134

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The azure tornado landed directly in their midst.
Then, suddenly, crimson exploded outwards.
Blood. The soldiers twisted within the tornado were immediately
ripped apart, and blood was thrown by the wind in a wide radius.
Finally, in the middle of the radially spread fallen lancers, the
tornado began to slow, and eventually regained the shape of a
person.
The newcomer’s back was turned to her, with a somewhat
slender, tall body. Vibrant, Japanese-style armor shined in the
backlight. His left hand gripped a sheath hanging from his waist,
and his right hand clenched a terrifyingly long sword, no, a katana,
which slashed out horizontally.
Asuna had seen that attack before, in another world.
A Sword Skill.
A heavy, ranged katana attack — «Tsumujiguruma»13.
The silhouette slowly stood, rested the longsword on its shoulder,
and gradually looked back towards her.
Under a striking bandanna, a stubbled face grinned at her.
“Hey, made you wait, Asuna.”
“K… lein…?”
Asuna could not hear her own hoarse voice until the end.
Suddenly, an ensemble of rumbling resounded throughout the
world. Although the sound effects were indistinguishable from
when the Americans had appeared, to Asuna, this must be angelic
song.
13

旋車, literally, “whirling wheel”

135

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Then, thousands of bright blue strings of code began raining
unceasingly from the crimson sky.
***
Cut.
Consciousness blurred.
Pain from his wound jolted him wide awake.
Bercouli had lost count of how many times he had gone through
this process.
As though he were intentionally dragging out the fight, Emperor
Vector never once inflicted any sort of fatal injury. But Bercouli
clearly knew that the blood flowing from his numerous wounds,
that is, his total amount of Life, was fast approaching its limit.
But through his immovable willpower honed over two centuries
and several decades, he cast away all delusions and expelled all
fear, performing but one single action inside his head.
Counting.
Specifically, measuring time.
Bercouli possessed the special ability to confirm time through
instinct alone, and now he was relying on this power to record it.
Even as his thoughts were disturbed by the Emperor’s sword, he
continued to count unconsciously.
— Four hundred and eighty seven.
— Four hundred and eighty eight.
Bercouli read the seconds precisely while repeating his foolish
attacks, occasionally sputtering taunts from his mouth.

136

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“… Your swordsmanship… doesn’t seem, up to scratch… Your
Imperial Majesty.”
— Four hundred and ninety five.
“You can’t beat me, with these sword skills… with this second rate
stuff, no, third rate at most.”
— Four hundred and ninety eight.
“Watch this, I’m not done yet!”
With a shout, he slashed down in front of him.
— Five hundred.
His sword blade touched the indigo halo radiating from the
Emperor.
Sucked into Incarnation, his thoughts were interrupted.
When he regained consciousness, he was already down on one
knee, blood dripping from a new wound on his left cheek.
— Five hundred and eight.
Almost there. Just endure it a little bit more.
Bercouli stood up with difficulty, and looked towards the Emperor
behind him.
A hint of slight disgust appeared on Vector’s usually
expressionless face. The reason was that, when he had cut
Bercouli’s cheek, a drop of blood had flown out and splashed onto
Vector’s pale cheek.
Vector wiped away the stain with his fingertip, and mused.
“… I’ve had enough.”

137

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

He took one step forward into the red puddle that Bercouli
created.
“Your soul is too heavy. Too thick. It sticks to my tongue. And how
boring, you merely think of killing me.”
The Emperor said in a flat voice, and took another step closer.
“Die.”
Raised silently, the black sword emanated a viscous gleam.
Bercouli’s expression did not change, but he secretly clenched his
teeth.
— Just a bit more. Thirty seconds left.
“Heh… Don’t, say that. I can, still… enjoy, it.”
The Knight Commander hobbled a few steps towards thin air, and
feebly raised the longsword in his right hand.
“Where’d you… go. Where the heck did you go. Oh, there…?”
With empty light in his eyes, the Knight Commander swung his
sword.
Clank. He hit somewhere completely off with his sword tip, and
stumbled exaggeratedly.
“Ah… Was it… here…?”
He swung another attack that lacked even a swishing noise. Then,
dragging an already disabled foot, Bercouli shambled cluelessly at
random.
Since his vision had failed due to enormous blood loss, his
thoughts also became hopelessly jumbled — he certainly looked
like that.

138

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

However, this was the Knight Commander’s once-in-a-lifetime
performance.
Those half-closed blue-gray eyes were only tightly fixated on one
single thing.
Footprints.
Through nearly ten minutes of pointless attacking, Bercouli had
spilled his blood over the entirety of this rocky summit, which was
not wide at all. Hence, the two different footprints tracked out
over the whole surface by the Emperor’s boots and the Knight
Commander’s leather sandals, were clearly carved and highly
distinguishable.
In other words, this was the detailed record of the two men’s
movements.
Acting demented, Bercouli was searching for the driest, darkest
footprint of the Emperor, created when he cut off Bercouli’s left
arm ten minutes ago.
After that, Bercouli had immediately, and unconsciously, begun to
count the time.
Which means, that was the place where Emperor Vector had stood
ten minutes ago. Then, his bloody footprints precisely recorded
the direction he advanced in, and where he moved.
— Five hundred and eighty nine.
— Five hundred, and ninety.
“Oh… I’ve found… you…”
Bercouli mumbled feebly, rocking from side to side as he swung
the Time Piercing Sword.
This truly was the last strike.
139

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Whether it was sword, or its owner, both of their dwindling Lives
had reached their ends.
And Bercouli expended them both to exhaustion, activating the
Release Recollection Art of his Divine Instrument, the Time
Piercing Sword.
«Time Piercing Sword, Unseen Slash».
The opposite of the «Empty Slash» that could sever the future, the
«Unseen Slash» had the power to sever the past.
Within Underworld’s Main Visualizer, the recent movements of all
human Units were recorded for six hundred seconds, or ten
minutes.
The Time Piercing Sword could interfere with this record, causing
the system to mistake the Unit’s position ten minutes and one
second ago for the Unit’s current position.
As for the result, the blade that could normally cut only nothing,
could be transmitted to the body of a person who had existed in
this area in the past. Unavoidable, unblockable, true to its name, it
was a strike that could betray14 all other sword techniques and
hard work.
It was for this very reason that Bercouli always shunned
activating the «Unseen Slash». When battling Eugeo, even though
he had lost to the Release Recollection Art of the Blue Rose Sword,
he resolved never to use this technique that could easily earn him
victory. He knew that Senate Elder Chudelkin would even
recognize that as an act of treason against the Axiom Church.

14
There is wordplay here. The word “betray” (裏切る, uragiru) conjugates into 裏切り (uragiri)
when it transforms into a noun, which is pronounced the same as “Unseen Slash” (裏斬)

140

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

But, with Emperor Vector as his opponent, who rode above
inestimable power far exceeding his own, he had no such
hesitations.
The instant that Emperor Vector had stepped down from his
dragon, Bercouli had taken advantage of the fact that his enemy
flew in a straight line at a constant speed to correctly calculate his
location ten minutes before. Yet, in the mix of the close quarters
melee that ensued, locking onto his location was insurmountably
difficult.
Of course, if he could recall where his enemy was during that
instant ten minutes ago, he could activate this technique. But
while using this method, if his sword technique activation was
disturbed by the enemy, it would be very difficult to accurately
count to ten minutes after that.
— Just like this instant right now.
“You look like you’re plotting something.”
Emperor Vector approached as though gliding, and Bercouli was
forced to quickly avoid the blue-black Incarnation emanating from
the longsword. Just like that, «ten minutes and one second ago»
were forever lost to him.
— So I’ve missed my chance.
Bercouli once more readied his Time Piercing Sword about to use
Release Recollection, cursing in his chest.
He was truly at his wit’s end.
Since the Emperor already realized that he was concealing a plot,
he would activate his own ultimate technique again without
hesitation. In reality, the gleam of Incarnation on his longsword
was already reaching towards Bercouli.
141

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Opposite it, the Knight Commander began to evade with all his
might.
Crawl away.
Crawl away, crawl away, and fall shamelessly to the ground. He
had known since very long ago that he would welcome death in
this haggard state.
Three times. Four times.
Right until after the fifth attack, Bercouli successfully evaded all of
them.
But after that, the blue black light finally grazed his body.
His consciousness broke off with a snap.
When Bercouli opened his eyes again, what he saw was Vector’s
longsword, penetrating deeply into his stomach.
With a whoosh, the blade was jerked out, and the last of the Knight
Commander’s Life gushed out in the form of crimson liquid.
As he slowly fell backwards, he saw —
The silhouette of a dragon high above, tearing the air as it dove
down at lightning speed.
— Hoshigami.
Hey, didn’t I tell you to standby? Why did you disobey me, you’ve
never done that before, have you?
The dragon stretched its maw wide, and bluish-white flames shot
straight out in jets.
Faced against that attack with the strength to wipe out a hundred
soldiers, Emperor Vector merely stretched out his left hand and
caught it.
142

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

The translucent black armor on his hand effortlessly deflected the
flames in all directions. Flying sparks dazzled in the air.
The sword in the Emperor’s hand shot out that dark blue light
once more, traveling up against the white flames and piercing
directly into Hoshigami’s forehead. Bercouli’s dragon took the full
force of the sword skill that could easily control the Dark Knight
Order dragon from before — but he did not stop his movements.
On the contrary, Hoshigami converted his entire Life into white
rays that shot from his wings, diving straight towards the
Emperor.
A sliver of disgust crossed Vector’s pale face; he raised his sword
high and thrust an extremely simple stab toward the gargantuan
jaws of the dragon wanting to tear him into pieces. Dark light
poured in all directions, absorbing the dragon’s life, tearing its
body apart.
Hoshigami gave his Life for merely seven seconds of the
Emperor’s hesitation —
Bercouli would definitely not let it be in vain.
The Knight Commander felt the last breath of the beloved dragon
who had spent its long life with him from behind and swung his
Release Recollection-activated Time Piercing Sword high into the
air, which began to leave a blue afterimage.
This method of simply recalling “the enemy’s position ten minutes
ago” could only allow one attack attempt every ten minutes.
Yet, the movement record etched into the ground in blood
suggested that it was possible to continually pursue the enemy ten
minutes before.

143

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Seven seconds after Bercouli stared at the spot where he could not
snipe from before, the blood-red footprint indicating the
Emperor’s position, he launched his ultimate attack.
There was another characteristic of the «Time Piercing Sword,
Unseen Slash».
By directly interfering with the system, the strength of this sword
was to “completely erase the Life value of the slashed target”.
Therefore, this strike could not be blocked even with Incarnation.
Indeed, Emperor Vector’s power to nullify and absorb all
Incarnate attacks could not be activated in that instant.
Therefore, the astronomical Life set for Vector in the system, was
first changed to zero.
As a result, the Emperor’s large frame was completely split from
his left shoulder to his right waist.
Even as his body was split in two along a gigantic cutting surface,
Emperor Vector’s face remained devoid of expression. Those light
blue eyes merely looked blankly up at the empty sky, like glass
beads.
The instant that his upper body was about to land and hit the
ground, around his heart, jet black light burst, creating an
immense, silent, explosion without heat.
By the time the explosion had settled, there remained nothing on
the ground that could prove the Emperor’s existence.
Seconds later, the Time Piercing Sword that depleted its Life in
Bercouli’s right hand crumbled into debris with a weak crackling
noise.
***
144

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

… It’s so warm.
I really want to stay here for a bit longer.
Awakening from her slumber, Integrity Knight Alice smiled lightly,
as though still floating in that comfortable state between dream
and awakening.
Swaying sunlight.
Wide knees that allowed her body to lay atop of them.
A rough hand that kindly caressed her hair.
……… Father.
How long had it been since she had lay down like this, on his
knees? She had long forgotten this peacefulness… This feeling of
being completely protected, having nothing to worry about. The
feeling that all was well.
Ahh… But, it’s time to get up.
Then, Integrity Knight Alice lifted her eyelashes.
Appearing before her face was the figure of a middle aged
swordsman, his eyes squinting in a smile as he looked down upon
her.
On his toned face and chest, many old scars crossed over. And
covering those, countless new wounds were present, yet to heal.
“……… Oji-sama?”
Alice murmured in a low voice, her consciousness finally rousing
in this instant.
— Right, I was grabbed by Emperor Vector’s dragon. Really, how
careless do I have to be, I even charged ahead while completely
letting my guard down behind me.
145

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

But, as expected of Oji-sama. Even as I fell into the hands of the
enemy general, he rescued me. As long as this person is here, I can
rest easy.
Smiling again, Alice sat up. As she noticed the wounds of Knight
Commander were beyond his face and chest, she held her breath.
His left arm was completely severed from the top of his shoulder.
His eastern-styled robe was completely dyed red with blood. And
below that wide chest, that horribly deep wound was even more
terrifying.
“O… Oji-sama… !! Esteemed Bercouli!!”
Alice screamed and reached out, her fingers touching Knight
Commander Bercouli’s cheek.
Then she finally understood, that the oldest, greatest Knight in the
world, had finally exhausted his Life.
***
… Aw, don’t cry like that, Lil’ Miss.
This moment would’ve come anyway, it just happened to be now,
right?
Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli Synthesis One said warmly,
as he looked down upon the golden haired girl bawling over his
body. Yet his voice did not reach the ground.
… Lil’ Miss, if it’s you, it’ll definitely be okay. Even by yourself, you
can definitely live on.
Because, you’re my only apprentice… my daughter.
The scene below gradually departed from Bercouli’s vision.
Casting a last smile toward his beloved golden knight maiden, his
eyes turned toward the sky to the far north.
146

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

His thoughts flew toward another female knight, who should be
under that part of the sky..
He did not know whether they would reach or not, but in this
moment, his heart was filled only with the deep emotion for the
finally-arriving end of his life, which he had originally thought
eternal.
… Well, it’s not a bad way to go down, is it?
“Yes, you should feel blessed that this many people are crying for
you.”
As he turned towards the suddenly resonating voice, he saw a girl
floating there, stark naked save for her flowing silver hair.
“… Hey, so you really were still alive.”
Bercouli shrugged, and the Highest Minister Administrator
blinked her silvery eyes and smiled softly.
“But that can’t be true, can it? Appearing before you now, is only
your memory of me. This ‘me’ is merely the memory of
Administrator saved in your soul.”
“Hmm, I still don’t really get it… But, if it’s the you inside my
memory, it’s good that you can smile like this now.”
Bercouli responded with a grin, and suddenly glanced beside him.
Unknowingly, his beloved dragon Hoshigami had wrapped its long
neck around his body.
The Knight Commander softly caressed the dragon’s transparent
silver neck, leapt onto its back with a whoop, reached out, and
pulled the Highest Minister up before him.

147

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Do you not hate me?” The Knight Commander’s only master in his
long life asked, tilting her head. “Do you not hate me, the one who
imprisoned you within the confines of eternal life , and stripped
away your memories again and again?”
After some brief thought, Bercouli replied.
“Although it’s true that it was long enough to get bored at, well, it
was still an amusing life. Yeah, that’s right.”
“… Really.”
Looking away after Administrator’s short reply, Bercouli took
Hoshigami’s reins.
The dragon expanded its transparent wings, and slowly flew into
the boundless yonder.
***
Under the distant northern sky —
On the dry ground, the rubble of the former «Great Eastern Gate»
was piled up. To the east and west of these enormous ruins, ten
thousand Dark Territory reserve soldiers and four thousand main
troops of the Human Empire Defense army were in formation,
preparing for confrontation, staring at each other.
Since Emperor Vector had vanished without a trace, the Dark
Territory army could not begin the attack on their own. The
completely clueless Human Empire Army also made no
movements, and that long stalemate continued.
Near the ruins of the great gate where only the dry wind was
heard, there was the silhouette of a lone female knight. It was the
Integrity Knight left in charge of the main troops of the Defense
Army, Fanatio Synthesis Two.
148

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

She had ordered the Guardians and Ascetics to rest in preparation
for the upcoming battle, but she herself was not in the mood to
sleep in her tent, so she had walked alone to the rubble that used
to be the Great Eastern Gate.
The black night had long passed, and Solus’s light dyed the sky
above the Dark Territory in red, and the side of the Human Empire
in blue.
More than half a day had passed since the the decoy troops of the
Defense Army, led by Knight Commander Bercouli, had departed
to the southern Dark Territory from the Great Eastern Gate.
Although she knew that their mission would not be achieved that
easily, blindly waiting here for them was hard to endure.
Just as Fanatio was about to close her eyes, praying to the three
goddesses for, at least, the safe return of the troops —
Her eyes snapped open.
She felt as if the man she loved was speaking into her ear.
— Sorry, Fanatio. Seems that we can’t meet anymore.
— I’ll leave the rest to you. Let that kid, live on happily…
Not long ago, Fanatio had heard the exact same words. It was the
last sentence that Knight Commander Bercouli had left with her
when they separated here.
Covered in silver gauntlets, her hands gently caressed her
abdomen.
The new life bestowed upon her body was something that had
happened three months ago. Bercouli, who had gone more than a
hundred years without touching Fanatio, probably already
predicted it when the taboos were released.
149

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Predicted his own death.
Sensing that the long life of Knight Commander Bercouli had
ended under the faraway sky, Fanatio slowly sank to her knees,
and buried her face in her hands.
Unable to contain them, she let out sobs.
The reason that Bercouli always estranged himself from Fanatio,
or any other female, she had once heard a very long time ago.
The men and women of the Human Empire could only marry
under official recognition of an Axiom Church priest, and could
only produce the next generation under a contract. Yet Integrity
Knights took on the roles of the priests, and did not need all the
fanfare that came with marriage. They needed only to vow their
love, share a bed, and could have children.15
Yet this child would age and die sooner than its parents with
frozen Lives. Even so, having the Highest Minister give this child
the same treatment would be much crueler.
Although, after the Highest Minister passed away, Bercouli finally
accepted Fanatio’s feelings. That is, he decided to protect his child,
and let him live until the end of his time.
Then —
“… Please rest assured, Esteemed Bercouli. I will properly raise
this child. I will make him into a man as strong and proud as you.”
Holding back her sobs, Fanatio uttered her own determination.
— But, now, just for now.
Just for now, allow me to grieve.
15
See Volume 12, Chapter 7, Part 1. Cardinal explains that reproduction in the Human Empire must
be officially approved to successfully conceive children.

150

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Throwing herself onto the ground, Fanatio tightly held a grain of
sand that Knight Commander Bercouli had stepped on, sobbing
without holding back.

151

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

5
“Although I don’t have anything personal against you guys…”
Pointing his long sword at the red army, Klein’s words
reverberated throughout the ancient ruins.
“I’m gonna return your debt of severely hurting my friend. I’ll
return it threefold… No, I’ll return it a thousandfold, you damned
bastards!!”
Right after declaring that, he plunged directly into the enemy
army. Asuna was so stunned by his recklessness that she forgot
the pain of her deep wound for an instant. Yet immediately,
another string of code poured down right next to Klein, creating a
silhouette.
Appearing there was a hulking, chocolate-skinned man grasping a
large battleaxe.
“… Agil-san!!”
She called his name hoarsely.
When the “battle merchant”, who had once continued to provide
strong support in the forms of battle strength and supplies to the
SAO Clearers, glanced at Asuna, a broad grin stretched over his
gigantic features and he stuck his right thumb into the air.
Soon after, he turned around and began following after Klein,
running fiercely.
The third and fourth persons appeared right in front of Asuna.
A girl with shortcut hair, in a reddish-brown costume draped over
her breastplate and with a silver mace suspended from her waist.
Next, a petite girl wearing an ultramarine tunic and skirt, with hair
tied in twin tails.
“— Liz!! Silica-chan!!”
152

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

It was here that, at last, both of Asuna’s eyes were overflowing
with tears.
All strength left her body. While somehow staying in that place,
Asuna extended both her hands toward her friends whom she had
strong bonds with.
“You really… you really came…”
“Of course we’d come!”
“Isn’t that obvious?”
Beaming at the same time, Lisbeth and Silica seized Asuna’s left
and right hands respectively and clasped them tightly. Both of
their expressions became tearful smiles.
“— Being this rash… Bleeding everywhere… you’re trying too
hard, Asuna.”
“Leave the rest to us. Because everyone else came as well.”
Just by being hugged from both sides by Lisbeth and Silica, Asuna
felt the pain from the wounds riddling her body dissolving in the
soft warmth.
“Thank you… Thank you all…”
Through her endless tears, she saw a rain of code strings suddenly
pouring down at the entrance of the ruins.

153

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

154

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Appearing there were hundreds of swordsmen dressed in vibrant
armor.
“Those red guys are the enemies!”
“Vanguard, attack! Drive them back!”
“Rear guard, retreat temporarily and check your incantations!”
Right after landing, they began to exchange shouts in Underworld
language, no, Japanese — held up their swords, axes, and spears,
and began assaulting the red soldiers in front of them.
Judging by their magnificent individual combat skills and
uniformly understood teamwork, it was apparent that they were
undoubtedly seasoned VRMMO players.
— So that’s what it is.
Asuna finally recovered her thought process and understood the
situation before her.
Ever since the American players appeared on the battlefield, the
time acceleration rate of Underworld must have been fixed to 1:1 by
the attackers’ manipulation. In other words, it was also possible to
Dive here with AmuSpheres from Japan.
But the radiance emanating from their equipped swords and armors
indicated that they were not using the default Guardian accounts.
Meaning — they had converted here.
They had undoubtedly converted their characters, which they had
fostered — by investing great time and effort — to Underworld.
Even though they don’t know whether or not they can return to
their original VRMMO worlds. On the contrary — considering
Underworld’s structure, it’s possible that their own character
information would be deleted the moment they died, and yet…!
“Everyone… Sorry… I’m sorry…”

155

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

With a tearful voice, Asuna apologized to her two bosom friends
before her, and then to the countless swordsmen pushing the
front line back.
“What are you saying, Asuna?”
Lisbeth’s reply was filled with solid determination.
“The reason we did our best in SAO and ALO is surely so that we
could protect important things in this place right now.”
“Yeah… that’s right… thank you all…”
Whispering her gratitude, Asuna nodded deeply, fervently.
However, there was one more thing she had yet to learn. Exactly
who had informed Liz and the others in the real world about
Underworld crisis and requested reinforcements by means of
conversion? It would be very unlikely for Kikuoka and Higa, who
were confined in the Ocean Turtle’s sub-control room, to have the
spare time to formulate and execute this plan.
“Hey Liz, Silica-chan. The one who brought everyone here, who
was it…?”
At Asuna’s question, the pair exchanged glances, and grinned.
“Wait, Asuna, isn’t that obvious?!”
“It was Yui-chan! She tried her hardest to explain things about
Underworld and the people living here!”
When Asuna heard those words, her heart tightened strongly and
tears gushed out endlessly from her eyes.
Yui. Born as a Top-Down AI in old SAO, Asuna and Kirito’s
daughter. Yes… it couldn’t be anyone but her. She sensed the
attackers’ plans that Asuna, Kikuoka, and the others couldn’t even
predict, and took action to counter them.
“……… Thank you, Yui-chan.”

156

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Murmuring words filled with all of her feelings, her severed left
arm had regenerated completely and the wounds covering her
body had mostly vanished upon standing up.
At that moment, a timid voice came from behind.
“Um… Asuna-sama? Those people are… or rather, those knights
are…”
Integrity Knight Renri stood there with a dumbfounded look.
Behind him, the Guardians, who had just been saved from danger
as well, similarly had their eyes become round.
Asuna, after fluttering her gaze between Renri, Lisbeth, and the
others, smiled and replied.
“My very important friends. The came from the Real World to help
us.”
Renri blinked a few times, then stared fixedly at Lisbeth and Silica
—
A relieved expression floated onto his adolescent face.
“…So that’s the case… I’m really glad. I thought that, without a
doubt, the people of the outside world besides Asuna-sama were
all those kinds of scary soldiers…”
“Hey, that’s impossible!!”
Along with a slightly upset smile that was nonetheless filled with
intimacy, Lisbeth patted Renri’s shoulders.
“I’m Lisbeth. Please take care of me, Knight-kun.”
“Ah… Y… Yes. My name is Renri. Pleased to meet you.”
Asuna, who was watching this scene with a smile, was suddenly
hit by a strong premonition.
She, in her entire life, would never forget this scene.
This moment, when people who were born in two different worlds
met, exchanged words, and fostered relationships.
157

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

This story, which should continue for a long, long time, should not
end in tragedy.
Asuna took a deep breath, changed her tone of voice, and asked
Lisbeth.
“Liz, how many people converted?”
“Ah, well, a little bit over two thousand, I think. I already tried
really hard, but… I still couldn’t make everyone who listened to
my speech convert over…”
Asuna lightly patted her bosom friend, who was biting her lip, on
the back.
“This is more than enough. But… to preserve the chance of them
converting back, we must avoid a war of attrition if possible. Don’t
spread the front lines too much, and step up the healing. Liz and
Silica-chan, take about two hundred men, retreat to the rear, and
set up a support team.”
Switching her awareness back to the battle, Asuna rapidly
delivered directives to Renri and the Guardians.
“Everyone else, although it may be against your will, please merge
with the Ascetics team and use Healing Arts. The swordsmen from
the Real World are not familiar with the Sacred Arts, so it would
help if you teach them the commands.”
“Un… Understood, Asuna-sama! You heard her, Guardians! We’re
assisting the knights from the reinforcements!”
As Renri yelled, the Guardians, exhausted from continuous
battling, responded emphatically.
“… What will you do then, Asuna-san?”
At Silica’s inquiry, Asuna winked.
“I’m going to attack at the very front, of course.”
I don’t feel like losing anymore.

158

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Charging at the very front were all familiar faces from ALO —
Asuna, noticing Sylph Lord Sakuya, Cait Sith Lord Alicia,
Salamander General Eugene, and the others, hardened her
determination and they nodded fervently at each other.
No, they were not just the players who had converted from ALO.
Those strongly backing the swordsmen by rapidly firing
crossbows with extreme accuracy were probably players from
Gun Gale Online, like Sinon.
Moreover, that team sticking tightly together, mowing down
enemies like a storm, was formed by the members of the strongest
guild that had swept across many VRMMOs, the «Sleeping
Knights».
Spotting Asuna, the mage Siune smiled at her. As Asuna waved her
right hand in response, she once again held back the tears that
were slipping out.
They all came to help despite arriving at the resolution that they
could lose their avatars, which were akin to their other
selves. Then, as the only one protected by a Super Account, she
had to take the greatest risk to minimize their sacrifices.
Asuna sprinted across the battlefield, giving on-the-fly orders to
the support army to narrow the over-widened front line and form
a semicircle again with the entrance to the sando at its center.
But no matter how strong the equipment and statuses of the 2,000
converted players were, there still remained more than 10,000
American players. If it became a war of attrition, the casualties, in
other words, players with probability of data loss, would increase
as time went on.
Furthermore, there was another unignorable concern.
The realistic pain that could not be avoided during battles in
Underworld.

159

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Unlike most of the Americans, who would have already died and
logged out the instant they felt pain, the Japanese players, who
repeated the routine of getting injured, retreating, and being
healed, were constantly exposed to agony. And Asuna had just
experienced, firsthand, the fact that it would gradually break their
spirit.
—Please, everyone, do your best. Until these 10,000 enemies are
all eliminated.
If we do that, then the war potential available to those who
attacked the «Ocean Turtle» will truly be depleted this time.
Afterward, we’d only need to catch up to Emperor Vector, who
should have been tripped up by Knight Commander Bercouli and
Sinon, and rescue Alice.
Asuna flashed her rapier on the foremost line, and shouted with
all her might.
“No problem… we can win! If it’s everyone, we can definitely
win!!”

160

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

161

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

***
Hirono Takashi, a Japanese VRMMO player, had asked
himself: Why the hell did I come to this place? Not that it did any
good now.
The reason that he accepted the all-too-sudden conversion
request from ALO, which he logged into after being woken up at
5:00 a.m. by a phone call from his friend, was definitely not
because the girl desperately giving a speech was cute, nor was it
because he sympathized with her claims.
To be honest, he had mostly trusted his gut.
Additionally, one part was a curiosity that asked, What kind of
world would a VRMMO made using national budget be
like? Another part was an irresponsible feeling that said, I scored
the worst on my very first proficiency test in high school, so my
AmuSphere will be confiscated soon anyway. And a small part of
him had a hunch — Maybe there really is ‘something’ in that world I
haven’t found in any other game that I’ve played.
After Takashi had converted the character he had raised for two
years and logged into a server that he had never heard of before,
what awaited him was a hulking man clad in red armor standing
in his way, curses in native English slang, and a halberd swinging
down mercilessly.
He jumped back while pressing down the scream about to leak
from his throat, but the halberd’s tip still hit the armor on his left
leg, tore through it, and cut into his shin for just a moment. He had
never felt such pain since he had fallen from his bicycle and
broken a bone in elementary school.

162

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

No one told me about this—!! Takashi shrieked in his head as he
earnestly slipped through the halberd’s pursuit, somehow
repelled the man with his extremely rare one-handed sword, and
was taken to the rear by the support team around the time he felt
a wave of nausea hitting him due to the large amount of blood
flowing from the wound on his leg.
— I’ve had enough, I’m logging out!
Letting such words slip out, Takashi was being healed by a priestlike girl about the same age as him, wearing a light blue habit.
Somehow, when looking at her, he had a really weird feeling.
“I will treat you immediately, please endure it for a moment,
Esteemed Knight.”
The girl spoke in a delicate voice, then cupped her hands on the
severe wound on his left leg — severe only by Takashi’s
standards, though — and began her incantation. Watching her
demeanor, Takashi thought for a moment that she was merely an
NPC.
However, the serious expression exuding from her gray eyes
speckled with brown, her cute features that looked like those of
both an Easterner and a Westerner, and the warmth that came
from the white light healing his wound, all clearly told Takashi
that this girl was neither an NPC nor played by a Japanese person,
but a true human being living in this world.
But could something like this really be true? She was clearly
speaking Japanese, but was not Japanese nor an NPC. Who really
was this girl, then?
Rather than realizing it the moment he felt the agony of a halberd
slicing his left leg,
163

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

Takashi clearly recognized something when his wound was healed
by the girl’s magic: he was not in any game event, but in the
middle of some extraordinary occurrence.
“All right, everything is fine now, Esteemed Knight.”
When the girl in the habit lifted her hands with a slightly proud
expression, his wound that had been more than 5 centimeters
long was completely sealed and the pain had disappeared, leaving
only a shallow, light brown scar.
“Th… Thank you.”
Stumbling with his words, Takashi somehow vocalized his
gratitude. Oh, why didn’t I come up with something more fitting for
an «Esteemed Knight»? He thought, irritated. Yet his face grew
scorching hot, and his tongue became stupidly immobile. When he
finally realized it afterwards, he had already taken a daring action
that even he himself could not expect. Reaching out with both
arms, he gently hugged the girl’s slender body.
Had this been a normal VRMMO world, Takashi’s actions would be
determined as «Inappropriate Contact with an NPC» and he would
have been given a system warning.
Yet the girl in the habit jerked in Takashi’s arms, taking a shallow
breath out of surprise. A few seconds later, Takashi felt the girl’s
arms nervously circling around his own back, and applying slight
but definite pressure.
“It’s okay, Esteemed Knight from abroad.”
Close to his ear, the sound of a soft yet steady voice came.

164

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Even a nun-in-training like myself, although insignificant, can
complete my own duty like this. Esteemed Knight, you are fighting
plenty times more proudly and bravely. Please remember… you
are taking up your sword to protect many people, to protect this
world.”
The girl then gently smoothed Takashi’s back with her right hand.
Whether it was in the real world or a virtual world, Takashi never
had any experience with hugging a girl. Yet even if he was going to
have a girlfriend in the real world, he had a feeling that he would
never become more emotional than in this very instant.
After that dreamy moment, Takashi steeled his determination as
soon as their two bodies separated.
“Um… W-would you mind telling me your name?”
Patches of scarlet appeared on the trainee nun’s fair face, and she
nodded.
“Of course not… My name is Frenica. Frenica Szeski.”
“Frenica…”
The name sounded very strange, but the girl before him had
spoken it with exceeding familiarity. Unusually, Takashi also
clearly told her his own name. Not his character name Velios, but
his own, original name that he was not particularly fond of.
“… My name is Takashi… Hirono Takashi… Um… Can we, meet
again, when the war ends?”
Frenica raised her eyebrows slightly, narrowed her eyes in
kindness, and nodded.

165

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 20 - Each of their Battles

“Absolutely, Knight Takashi-sama. When the war ends and peace
comes to this world, we will. I shall pray to the three gods for your
safe return.”
Frenica softly wrapped her hands around Takashi’s left hand on
his knee, and swiftly stood up.
Frenica flapped the hem of her habit, turned, and ran to heal
another of the wounded. As Takashi stared towards her back, and
he clearly realized something: if he was going to stand proudly —
like a knight in front of her, he would have to fight bravely until
the end. This world was no longer a game, but another reality
completely equivalent to the real world in which Takashi was
born and grew up in.
Even if he ran out of HP, no, lifetime, and was ejected from this
world, he would face forward and hold up his sword until the very
last moment. No matter how heavily he was injured, how much it
hurt. He would certainly never see Frenica again if he failed.
Takashi stood up, shouted “All riiiight!”, and ran toward the front
line to complete his goal that was not a quest, but his duty.

166

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Chapter 21
Awakening

7 July 2026 / Eighth Day16 of the Eleventh Month of
the Human Empire Calendar, 380
1
“Can we… make it…?”
Higa Takeru murmured to himself as both his arms, stiffened from
overwork, dangled heavily.
In just under an hour, he had managed to successfully convert
approximately 2,000 pieces of account data, which had been
suddenly transferred to the «Ocean Turtle», from Japan’s The Seed
network into Underworld. The texture of the keyboard seemed
still stuck to his fingertips.
“We’ll make it. Definitely.”
Professor Koujiro Rinko answered firmly while thrusting a sports
drink towards him.
Accepting the bottle, Higa painstakingly twisted off the cap with
his numb right hand and began to drink in large gulps. The liquid
flowing into his mouth was lukewarm, but he felt it in every inch
of his stomach.
After downing about half the bottle, Higa shook his head weakly.
“Really… That’s the first time I’ve been that careless…”

16

Kawahara made a typo and wrote “Seventh Day” instead. It has been corrected here.

167

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Upon learning from two female high school students calling
themselves Leafa and Sinon, who had suddenly appeared at the
«RATH» Roppongi branch, that their assailants had been letting
real world American VRMMO players dive into Underworld, Higa’s
mind had blanked for a full five seconds.
Moreover, the one to discover this had been a top-down AI
connected to Yuuki Asuna’s portable terminal. He couldn’t help
but acknowledge his own oversights.
He had allowed these high school students, who claimed to be
acquaintances of Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka, dive into
Underworld with the leftover Super Accounts using the Roppongi
STLs, then completed the mammoth conversion operation, and
finally, landed 2,000 reinforcements at Yuuki Asuna’s current
coordinates.
If they fail to eliminate more than 50,000 American players, Alice
would almost certainly fall into enemy hands. In actuality,
Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka and Captain Nakanishi both
understood the situation and had already considered scaling the
outer wall of the «Ocean Turtle» to physically destroy the satellite
antenna.
However, to reach the outer wall, they would need to release the
lock on the pressure-resistant partition dividing the main shaft for
nearly ten minutes. If their assailants notice them, then the worst
case scenario would very likely occur, involving them losing
control of the sub-control room too…
Therefore, Kikuoka and Higa entrusted everything to the three
female high school students descending into Underworld as the
«Three Goddesses of Creation», and the Japanese VRMMO players
volunteering to join the battle as reinforcements, despite knowing
the risk of losing their accounts.
From the moment that they had established their connections,
more than half the confidential information concerning «Project
Alicization» had already become public.
168

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

But that was no longer a significant issue.
That is, compared with losing Alice to the assailants, who were
possibly under the authority of America’s military-industrial
complex, and then falling completely under their control in the
oncoming era of autonomous weaponry.
“Indeed…”
Higa muttered in a voice inaudible to anyone else, his entire body
slumping into the chair.
“Alice is no longer a simple AI to be used as a UAV controller.17 She
is now a new human born into a truly different world… You’ve
known that for a while, haven’t you… Kirigaya-kun?”
His eyes moved from the main monitor presenting the situation in
southern Underworld to a corner display showing Kirigaya
Kazuto’s Fluctlight.
The delicately quivering ray of light was still wrapped around an
empty void in its center. The subject he had lost after injuring
himself… His self-image.
Unable to bear keeping this window open, Higa moved his cursor
with the intent to minimize it.
Just as he was about to click the left mouse button, his finger
halted abruptly.
“Hm…?”
Pushing up his round glasses, he fixated on the Fluctlight activity
log displayed at the bottom of the window.
Only 45 minutes ago, there was a single sharp peak engraved on
the line graph that had remained flat. He frantically maneuvered
the cursor again and slid the log to the left. Doing so, he saw
another, even greater peak around 10 hours ago.
17
Unmanned aerial vehicle, commonly known as a drone. Aircraft without a human aboard that can
be remotely controlled to attack targets. More
info:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unmanned_aerial_vehicle

169

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Uh… Um, Rinko-senpai. Could you come and take a look at this?”
“Could you not call me that?”
Professor Koujiro snapped as she looked towards the main
monitor.
“This is Kirigaya-kun’s Fluctlight monitor, isn’t it? …What’s up
with this movement?”
“He should’ve lost consciousness, but for a second it was showing
activity… or something like that, but that’s not supposed to
happen.”
“Your Japanese is so weird. — Perhaps he somehow received a
strong external stimulus?”
“But the circuit that processes those stimuli is completely dead. …
Let me see, the time was…”
Higa clicked on the peak and the corresponding timestamp
popped up. But even if he did confirm the time, they had no way of
learning what had taken place in Underworld.
But at that moment —
“Wait a second.”
Professor Koujiro spoke with growing anxiety.
“Right during this time period. Aren’t these… when those girls
dived in with the STLs? The first peak was Asuna-san, and the next
would be Sinon-san and Leafa-san, who both showed up in
Roppongi…”
“Huh, really? …Whoa, really.”
Higa held his breath. The timestamps listed under those two sharp
peaks were indeed when the female high school students had
descended into Underworld.

170

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Um, what exactly happened…? Are these just intense reactions to
familiar people appearing? No… Kirigaya-kun’s wounds aren’t
something that can be recovered by such fantastical means…
There must be some cause… Some physical or logical cause…”
Higa stood from his mesh chair and began to pace nervously back
and forth in front of the console. Perhaps noticing his mood, the
technicians sitting on the floor against the wall glanced at him
confusedly, along with Kikuoka, who was collapsed dispiritedly in
a chair some distance away.
But Higa paid them no attention and continued to think intently.
“The self… The subject… A self-image regulated by oneself… A
backup of that quantum pattern exists somewhere…? No, that’s
impossible… Kirito-kun’s Fluctlight has never been duplicated
before. Even if it had, there’s no way to separate his self-image
from the backup and copy it over… A dynamic quantum pattern
that can connect to his Fluctlight…? Where is it… Where the hell is
it…”
“Hey… Hey, Higa-kun.”
Higa finally looked up after his name was called several times.
“What is it?”
“What exactly do you mean when you said that he ‘lost his
subject’?”
“Umm… Well, that is…”
He took several seconds to switch trains of thought before
answering rapidly:
“«The one who sees, the one who acknowledges»… the ‘you’
within your heart. In philosophical terms, it is the subject, the
opposite of the object. The central processing unit that deals with
all information received through your senses.”

171

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Okay… In other words, you’ve united materialism and dualism
through the STL. Well, that’s fine. What I want to ask is, can you
really separate the subject and the object so easily?”
“… Huh?”
Higa blinked several times at the unexpected question.
Kikuoka and the technicians said nothing. Professor Koujiro’s
hoarse voice broke the silence of the room, filled only by the drone
of the circulatory cooling system.
“The subject, the one who acknowledges. The object, the one who
is acknowledged. Those are only philosophical concepts used to
express relationships between objects. I don’t believe you can
apply such theory to our consciousnesses, which are visualized as
Fluctlights. Humans are social animals, not solitary existences that
shun others. Others in you, and yourself in others… They’re all
connected, like a network, to some extent. Don’t you feel that
way?”
“Yourself… in… others…”
After expressing it in language, Higa realized that this concept was
one of the things he had avoided the most.
How am I seen? How do I compare to others?
How does Koujiro Rinko see me?
How do I compare to Kayaba Akihiko?
— Yeah…
— I don’t even really remember my face. If I were to draw a
portrait of myself, I’d end up with something that somehow looks
like me and yet actually doesn’t. That’s because I’ve been avoiding
myself — whether in terms of appearance or mentality, my sorry
ass can never compare with Kayaba-senpai, no matter how hard I
try. That’s how low a level the subject in me is.

172

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Yeah, maybe you could even combine the everyone’s very
impressions of «Higa Takeru» and you’d basically end up with me.
That’s how low a level my subject is…
Okay, she’s got me. Higa thought as his mouth stretched into a wry,
self-deprecating smile —
When he arrived at that conclusion, he finally understood what
Koujiro Rinko was trying to say.
“… A backup of the self-image.”
He murmured, and the instant he looked up, the self-loathing
embarrassment vanished from his face.
“I see… It does exist. The data capable of restoring Kirigayakun’s destroyed subject! It’s inside the Fluctlights of the people
close to him…!!”
He shouted and began to rapidly hover back and forth.
“But we need an STL to extract that data… And the reproducability
within one person is not enough… We need at least two, no… we
need three… people…”
He took a deep breath and held it in his chest.
The person who understood Kirigaya Kazuto the most and
preserved a detailed image of him in their soul. Without question,
that person was Yuuki Asuna. And she was currently lying in the
STL beside Kazuto’s.
Moreover, there were two more girls who should have close
relationships with Kazuto inside the STLs at the Roppongi branch.
Higa turned towards Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka and asked him
hoarsely:
“Kiku-san. Do the girls who dived in from Roppongi… have
relationships with Kirigaya-kun?”
“… Ahh, of course.”
Kikuoka nodded, lenses glinting in his black frame glasses.
173

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Sinon-kun was Kirito’s partner when he took care of the «Death
Gun» incident half a year ago, and Leafa-kun is Kirito’s younger
sister.”
For a moment, the atmosphere was silent. Higa’s round glasses
flashed.
“… That’s it. That’s it, that’s the one! We can do it… We might be
able to restore Kirito-kun’s self-image! Let’s say we separate their
stored impressions of Kirigaya-kun from their Fluctlights, and
then connect it to the missing area… The active data may fit into
Kirigaya’s soul and activate it, and that should restore the lost
subject…”
Driven by waves of warmth gushing through him, Higa clapped his
hands together.
Then, a second later.
A wave of cold suddenly extinguished this warmth.
“Ah… Ahh… No way… Aaaahh…”
“Wh-What happened, what’s wrong, Higa-kun?!”
Watching Professor Koujiro stutter frantically, Higa murmured in
a trancelike state.
“To execute this operation… we have to do it from the main
control room…”
Leaden silence sank like dust once more, piling up on the floor of
the sub-control room.
Commander Kikuoka sighed heavily.
“I see… That’s right, of course … No, don’t look so down, Higa-kun.
We’re very fortunate to have a path towards treating Kiritokun now, anyway. As for the actual operation, after this current
situation is finished and we drive away the people on the «Ocean
Turtle»…”
“It’ll be… too late by then…”
174

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Higa interrupted Kikuoka’s words, hanging his head.
“When the Nagato begins the assault as ordered, if a huge battle
breaks out in the main shaft, the sub-power will be cut. They
might even destroy equipment in main control. Of course,
Kirigaya-kun’s STL will shut down, and he will also log out from
Underworld without waking up. But then… I’m afraid that
Kirigaya-kun will never be able to connect to the STL again. In his
current condition, he wouldn’t even be able to pass the
preliminary stages… To continue treatment, we have no choice
but to do it while the three girls are still diving in Underworld.”
Higa said lightly. He felt himself filling with a sort of
determination.
What should he do in this situation?
A moment ago, Higa’s subject would have definitely replied like
this: There’s nothing I can do. I’m not Kayaba-senpai anyway.
But this shouldn’t be his true self-image. He was only avoiding,
trying to find excuses.
The Higa Takeru I know, the brilliant genius who designed the STL
and Underworld, would absolutely say this:
“… I’ll go, Kiku-san.”
“Go… where?”
Turning his entire body towards his Hawaiian shirt-wearing
commander, whose face was taut, Higa took a deep breath and
replied:
“I’m not going to break into the occupied main control room.
Listen… At the stern side of the main shaft running through the
«Ocean Turtle», there’s a cable duct connecting STL Room Two,
where Kirigaya-kun is now, and the main control room below the
pressure partition. There should be a maintenance connector on
the cable. If I enter the duct by ladder from STL Room Two and
connect my laptop to that maintenance connector, I’ll be able to
control Kirigaya-kun’s STL.”
175

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

After hearing Higa’s idea, Kikuoka’s eyes widened in surprise
behind his black framed glasses for a moment, as though
saying, how didn’t I think of that? But he immediately returned to
his severe expression and refuted.
“But the maintenance connector is on the other side of the
pressure connector dividing us and the attackers. To access the
connector, we need to temporarily release the lock on the
pressure partition sealing the cable duct. Moreover, the duct can
also be accessed from STL Room One, which is right next to the
main control room. If they notice the lock’s release and realize
what we’re doing, they might attack us from below.”
“Then we’ll just combat that with a decoy.”
“A decoy…?”
Kikuoka’s eyes glinted sharply. Higa hurriedly shook his head and
replied:
“We can’t use precious human resources here, of course. As soon
as we release the lock on the partition, we’ll make him rush down
the staircase on the opposite side of the duct.”
“I see… You mean «Ichiemom»? Luckily, he’s being kept in the
upper shaft storage room. Could someone bring him here?”
Under Kikuoka’s directive, two staff members who had been
sitting against the wall and listening to the conversation got up
and jogged out of the room. On the other hand, Professor Koujiro
spoke with a worried look:
“Wait a second… you’re using Ichiemom as a decoy, but he can
only move slowly on stairs, you know. If he attracts the enemy’s
attention, he can’t just run back immediately.”
Ichiemom, properly named «Electroactive Muscled Operative
Machine 1», was an experimental humanoid machine body used
for loading artificial Fluctlights. Using artificial polymer muscles to
drive its metallic skeleton, it was what could be called a humanoid
robot.
176

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Since it was experimental, it had exposed robotic parts and cables
that did not make for an aesthetically pleasing exterior, and it was
without any sort of bulletproofing technology.
Although Rinko, whom Higa requested tune Ichiemom’s selfwalking balancer yesterday, had complained quite a bit, she
seemed to have become rather engrossed in it, and that was why
she had opinions of her own regarding this “Ichiemom decoy
operation”. Of course, Higa deeply regretted this strategy himself,
but now was not the time to hold back from using available
equipment.
“… I feel really sorry for Ichiemom, but all we can do is make him
do his best. However, he looks a bit that, you know, so our
enemies might not immediately shoot him for fear that he might
explode.”
“… Indeed…”
Just as they were talking like this, the door slid open and a huge
trolley was pushed into the room. Carried in a seated position
with its legs held in its arms was a tall mechanical figure with
three lenses mounted in its roughly-shaped head.
Professor Koujiro glanced at Ichiemom with a somewhat
complicated expression and immediately turned around:
“… Well, he does look pretty conspicuous, and will probably make
them think that we have some grand plan here…”
“At least they definitely won’t ignore him. While the enemy is
dealing with Ichiemom, I’ll slip into the lower part of the cable
duct and operate Kirigaya-kun’s STL through the maintenance
port. The problem is how much time this thing can buy me…”
At Higa’s words, Kikuoka asked as he jiggled the clogs on his feet:
“Then couldn’t we throw in «Niemom» as well?”
“We can’t, unfortunately.”
Higa shrugged and replied:
177

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Although Niemom’s physical performance is stronger, he was
created under the pretense that it would be piloted by an Artificial
Fluctlight, and, unlike Ichiemom, he’s not loaded with a selfbalancer. In his current state, he’ll fall over as soon as it starts
going down the stairs.”
“I see…”
Higa’s gaze turned to the right, away from the nodding
commander’s face, then saw Rinko staring at the floor with an odd
expression. She then asked as if she had just returned to earth.
“But, Higa-kun, even if we manage to camouflage ourselves
unlocking the partition like that, there’s still a risk of you being
seen when it opens. It’s still better to bring a bodyguard with you
to the cable duct, isn’t it?”
“… No, right now the JSDF staff is much too precious as our
fighting strength. Besides, I’m the only one small enough to move
quickly through that small, overly cramped duct. In any case, I’ll
just be in and out in a jiffy.”
Even though he answered in his usual tone, his heartbeat
accelerated when he thought about the details.
If he were to be found by the enemy and shot at while inside the
lower section, there would be no escape. When the «Ocean Turtle»
had first been attacked, Higa had only heard gunshots, but never
once saw even the appearance of the enemy combatants.
— However.
I… No, the entire organization of «RATH» has much too great a debt
to Kirigaya-kun.
Higa Takeru engraved those thoughts into his mind once more.
If they temporarily put aside the act of sealing away Kazuto’s
memories, they had still forced him dive for three real world days,
equivalent to 10 years in Underworld. That could be called the
most important spark for the Artificial Fluctlights. The birth of an
Artificial Fluctlight who broke the boundaries of the world,
178

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

«Alice», was undoubtedly deeply related to Kazuto from the very
beginning.
Furthermore, although it had been under the pretense of
treatment, having him connect to an unrestricted STL ended up
dealing severe damage to his Fluctlight. This was because he had
fiercely battled the ruling organization of Underworld to protect
Alice, causing him to lose many of his partners in the process.
Therefore, as long as the chance to treat him existed, Higa had to
challenge whatever risks arose. If he didn’t, he would be much too
ashamed to see Kazuto for the rest of his life.
Higa Takeru clenched his fists, and nodded at Kikuoka.
It was at that time.
A fourth voice resounded in the sub-control room.
“Umm… Me too, I’m going with Chief Higa…”
Everyone’s eyes gathered on one of RATH’s staff technicians, who
until now had been seated on a mattress against the wall.
He was about as short as Higa, with long hair tied behind his head.
Mustering as much courage as possible, he stood a bit clumsily
and continued his speech.
“I’m also quite thin… But I could at least be the chief’s shield or
something… And also, I’ve always done the maintenance around
the cables…”
Higa gazed carefully at the face of the man, whose voice was
barely audible.
He was much older, probably in his mid-thirties. Having been
aboard the Ocean Turtle for several months, his skin was pale
white. If memory served, he was a man who had quit his job at a
large game development company to join «RATH».

179

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

180

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Although his fighting strength could not be compared to that of a
JSDF soldier, having a companion was reassuring. Higa
immediately stood from his chair and bowed deeply to this staff
member.
“… To be honest, I actually don’t remember the exact location of
the connector. Thanks very much for your company, Yanai-san.”

181

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

2
Having returned to the real world, Gabriel Miller slowly lifted his
eyelids within STL #2.
To be precise, he didn’t return, but was unexpectedly exiled. Lying
still in the gel bed, Gabriel chewed over the aftertaste of
astonishment left in his mouth.
How did he lose a one-on-one battle in a virtual world? The
opponent wasn’t even a human; it was an AI.
Why had he lost against that knight? Gabriel spent a few precious
seconds pondering what the reason could have been.
The strength of will? The bonds between souls? The power of love
that connects people…?
— Utterly preposterous.
The corners of Gabriel’s mouth lifted into a cold smile. Whether it
was the real world or a virtual world, if invisible forces truly
existed, then there could only be one — the force of destiny
leading him forward.
In other words, his defeat had been inevitable. Because it was
essential. Destiny wanted Gabriel to fight not in a borrowed avatar
like Dark God Vector, but in his true form. It was asking him to
descend into that world once more, the right way.
Then he shall accompany that notion to the end.
Completing his musing, Gabriel slipped quietly off the seat.
Looking towards the other STL, he was surprised that his aide
Vassago Casals was still diving. He thought that he had long died
and logged out, but it seemed that this man had also found
something to pursue.
— Well, do as you please.

182

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Shrugging, Gabriel opened the door leading to the neighboring
main control room. The shaven-headed team member looked up
from the console he was facing, then spoke in an unperturbed
voice:
“You’ve worked hard, captain. Ahh, you were also done in.”
“Give me a sitrep.”
Gabriel inquired indifferently. Critter changed his expression
slightly and reported:
“Well, as you ordered, I have sequentially deposited the 50,000
players gathered from different parts of the US. Half of them have
been worn off, but yeah, the goal of annihilating the Human
Empire Army should still be within reach. As for any uncertainties,
Rath has taken the same course… We’ve confirmed a large-scale
connection from Japan on the battlefield. They number only 2,000,
so I don’t think they’ll pose much of a threat.”
“Oh…?”
Raising an eyebrow, Gabriel looked at the main screen.
A topographical map of southern Underworld was displayed
there. A black line stretched south directly from the «Great
Eastern Gate» and terminated with an “X” mark, which was most
likely Dark God Vector’s, or Gabriel’s, movement log. There was
more than half the journey left before it would reach the system
console at the southernmost edge of the world, but Alice currently
should still be at that X-marked point on the map.
After that, a thick white line was moving south as if in pursuit of
the black line. That should be the Human Empire Army. They
seemed densely packed together, and had stopped for now.
These white Human Empire troops seemed as though they were
about to be crushed by that large, red-labeled army. Assuming
that the red army was the American VRMMO players, then the
blue glow that spread like a protective wall between the red and
white would be the 2,000 connectors from Japan.
183

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Are these Japanese using the Human Empire Army’s default
accounts?”
“I think so, what about it?”
“Nothing…”
Gabriel took a bottle of mineral water Critter handed to him and
drank from it as he thought.
Could those Japanese VRMMO addicts have converted half of
themselves — no, in a sense, a character they valued more than
their real selves — into Underworld?
As if. Gabriel smiled coldly again.
Around half a month ago, Gabriel had participated in a PvP
tournament on a Japanese server in the VRMMO «Gun Gale
Online». Even if those youngsters, whom he had easily crushed,
logged into Underworld out of interest, they’d never take the risk
of losing their characters.
A mental image flashed through his mind of that blue-haired
female sniper, who had been locked in his fatal chokehold but
fought until the very end, but Gabriel quickly brought his thoughts
back on track.
“Good work, I’ll dive in again. Convert this account into
Underworld.”
He picked up a piece of paper and a pen that were conveniently
laying on the console, wrote down his ID and password, and
passed it to Critter. Critter looked surprised.
“Whoa, you too, Captain?”
“‘Too’, meaning…?”
“Well, didn’t this guy Vassago come back after dying as well? And
somehow he looked all happy, converted his account, and went
back in.”
“Oh…?”
184

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Gabriel’s eyes fell upon the dropped scrap of paper beside
Critter’s hand. Within what seemed to be Vassago’s ID, the first
three letters grabbed his attention the most.
“I see… I see.”
Kek. Rare, genuine laughter spilled from Gabriel’s throat. When
Critter looked even more shocked, Gabriel clapped him on his
shoulder and said:
“Don’t worry about it. He may not look it, but he has… his own
tangled mess. Well then, I’ll leave the rest to you.”
Gabriel turned and headed back towards the STL Room, a
contorted smile hanging off the corners of his mouth.
***
Meanwhile, Vassago Casals was grinning under his black hood
while looking over the battlefield.
Standing atop the head of a god’s statue erected at the entrance of
the sando into the ruins, he was able to take in all of the bloody,
gruesome combat between the American and Japanese players.
No, more precisely, it was a one-sided slaughter.
In the middle of the sando entrance, 2,000 Japanese formed a
gigantic semicircle, continuously shaving down the charging
crimson soldiers while losing almost none of their own. One
reason for this was the immense difference in the two armies’
equipment performance and level of teamwork, but the robust
support system at their rear was practically decisive. Wounded
players were immediately transported to the newly erected
encampment inside the sando and treated with healing
incantations, and then they would rush vigorously back to the
front line.
The fact that they possessed such high morale within Underworld,
which dealt pain equal to that of the real world, was truly worthy
of admiration.
185

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

But in realistic terms, the fact that 2,000 players were willing to
convert their own characters into this world to join the fight was
already a great miracle in itself.
A situation like this, declared impossible even by Gabriel Miller —
Had been, however, almostly perfectly predicted by Vassago
Casals.
If connecting from the US was possible, then it was likely that
Japan would also send reinforcements for the Human Empire
Army. Moreover, Vassago had even predicted the fact that they
would achieve this by converting their accounts.
Amongst these valiantly battling Japanese players, other than
«The Flash» Asuna, there were several other familiar faces. This
brought him heartfelt elation.
After all, the death game that he’d given up on ever being able to
enjoy again had reappeared before him in a different form.
No, even if they died in this world, the players’ real-world lives
could not be stolen.
But in Underworld, there existed something absent from that
floating castle, and within that floating castle existed something
absent from Underworld.
In other words —
There was «pain».
But no «Crime Prevention Code».
Then, it would absolutely bring him great joy, possibly more
thrilling than taking a life with his own hands.
“Kek, kekek, kekkekkek.”
Vassago couldn’t stifle the muffled cackling that leaked from
under his hood.
***
186

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

— I didn’t make it.
Sinon silently gazed down at the aged knight’s wound-riddled
body, and the golden-haired female knight sobbing as she hugged
him tightly.
The two great dragons beside the knight were hanging their
heads, as though sharing in the lament.
In order to catch up to «Radiant Medium» Alice, on whom rested
the fate of the world, to Dark God Vector, who had abducted her,
and to Knight Commander Bercouli, who was in pursuit of those
two, Sinon had flown frantically. She had fully utilized her freeflight technique, trained intensely in ALO, and flown south at the
greatest speed allowed by the system, but the battle had long
ended by the time she finally caught up to them.
No — What deserved praise was Bercouli’s strength.
Because he had caught up to Vector, who had been thought
unreachable, and had killed a Super Account, which had been
thought invincible.
But there existed a massive injustice.
Knight Commander Bercouli’s death indicated the total demise of
his soul. Yet for Dark God Vector, who had died in the same way,
his soul was not bound by this rule.
Sinon knew that she must convey to Alice, who had finally ceased
her weeping and now hung her head as though she had collapsed,
that danger had not yet passed, but she could not find the words
to do so.
After several valuable minutes passed in silence, the first to speak
was the knight, Alice.
Even with tear-stained cheeks, Alice’s stunning beauty caused
Sinon to hold her breath. Alice gazed into Sinon’s eyes with her
own, which shone cobalt blue like the surface of water. Her
cherry-colored lips moved, emitting a voice that reminded one of
silvery bells:
187

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Are you also… from the Real World?”
“Yeah…”
Sinon nodded, and spoke with difficulty.
“I’m Sinon. Asuna and Kirito’s friend. I came to save you and
Bercouli-san from Dark God Vector… I’m sorry, I didn’t make it.”
Sinon knelt down atop the summit that retained marks of an
intense battle, and deeply bowed her head towards Alice. Alice,
however, softly shook her head.
“No… This was my foolishness. I paid no attention to what was
behind me and was seized like an infant; it is all my fault. How can
my insignificant life ever compare to that of Oji-sama… to that of
the great Integrity Knight Commander?”
The deep self-hatred and loathing mixed into her voice left Sinon
speechless. Holding back tears with all her might, Alice asked
another question:
“How is the war?”
“… Asuna and the Human Empire Army are just barely managing
to block the red army from the Real World.”
“Then I will return north as well.”
Alice stumbled as she stood up, heading towards one of the
dragons, but Sinon called out to stop her.
“You can’t do that, Alice-san. You must continue south, to the
«World End Altar». If you are able to touch the console… no, the
crystal tablet atop the altar, you should be able to hear a call from
the Real World.”
“Why? Is Emperor Vector not dead already?”
“… That… is not the case.”
Then, Sinon explained the situation to Alice. Even if a Real World
person died in Underworld, they would not truly lose their life.
188

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

It was very likely that the enemy within Emperor Vector’s body
would gain a new body and attack again.
Alice’s reacted with thunderous fury, as though all of the emotions
she had been suppressing until now completely exploded all at
once.
“Oji-sama… threw his own life away to slay that enemy, and the
enemy didn’t die?! He merely disappeared for a while, and soon
he’ll revive as though nothing happened… Is that what you
mean?!”
Alice drew near Sinon, her golden armor clattering.
“How can… How can there be something as absurd as that?!
Then… for what did Oji-sama… why did he have to sacrifice
himself?! A faceoff that only puts the life of one on the line… that’s
just… that’s just a… travesty…”
Tears sprang once more from Alice’s azure eyes, yet Sinon could
only gaze silently at her.
— I don’t have the right to say anything.
I have died too many times to count in the battles of GGO and ALO.
And, like Dark God Vector, I can keep on living if I die in this
world. Someone like me has no —
But Sinon, staring hard into Alice’s eyes, drew in a deep breath
and said:
“Then… Alice-san, do you mean to say that Kirito’s pain is fake
too?”
The golden knight suddenly held her breath.
“Kirito is also from the Real World. Even if he dies in this world,
his real life won’t be gone. However, the injuries he suffered are
real. The pain he felt, his broken soul, they’re all real…”
Sinon paused for a bit, then continued as a slight smile appeared
on her lips:
189

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“I… love Kirito. Very much. So does Asuna. There are many more
who love him as well. They’re worried about Kirito, all of them.
They’re desperately praying ‘Get well soon’. Also, even if no one’s
saying it, everyone’s thinking, ‘Why did Kirito have to push
himself that far?’”
Sinon reached out, softly pressed down on Alice’s shoulders, and
spoke firmly:
“Kirito got hurt in order to save you, Alice. That’s the sole reason
he fought so hard. Do you even want to call his thoughts fake? No,
not just Kirito, the Knight Commander too. In order to save you, he
was beaten black and blue, even creating an opportunity at the
cost of his life, just for you to escape the enemy’s clutches and to
buy you valuable time.”
Sinon did not immediately hear a response.
Alice gazed silently at Bercouli’s body, lying on the ground.
Once again, great tears spilled her eyes — Then the golden knight
shut them tightly and lifted her face as though she were
desperately resisting something. She then asked in a hoarse voice:
“Sinon, if… if I go to the Real World through the «World End
Altar», will I be able to come back? Will I be able to see my loved
ones again…?”
Sinon did not possess the knowledge to clearly answer Alice’s
pressing question. The only thing she could be sure of was that, if
Alice fell into enemy hands, the entire Underworld would be
obliterated and eventually completely disappear.
If they could protect both this world and Alice, they could
definitely realize her wish. That was all Sinon could believe right
now.
Therefore, she slowly nodded.
“Yeah. As long as you… and this Underworld, are safe.”

190

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“I understand… I’ll head south then. I don’t know what awaits me
at the «World End Altar»… But if this is the will of Oji-sama and
Kirito…”
Alice gently spread her pure white skirt as she knelt to the ground.
She reached out and warmly caressed Bercouli’s hair, then softly
touched her lips to his forehead.
When she stood up again, an entirely different aura emanated
from the knight’s entire body.
“Amayori, Takiguri. Please endure a bit more.”
After saying this to the two dragons, Alice turned to Sinon.
“What… will you do then, Sinon-san?”
“This time, it’s my turn to put my life on the line.”
Sinon smiled slightly and continued:
“Dark God Vector will probably revive here. I’ll try my best to
defeat him… or at least buy you enough time.”
Alice bit her lip softly, then deeply bowed her head.
“I’ll leave it to you. I will absolutely not betray your intentions.”
After watching the two dragons fly into the southern sky, Sinon
took into her hands the white longbow hanging from her shoulder.
The group that had attacked the «Ocean Turtle» was likely a
private military contractor under the aid of an American
government agency. One of the combatants had used Super
Account 04, «Dark God Vector», to attack Alice.
In the real world, Sinon, a mere high school student, stood no
chance against an opponent like that.
But in this place, as long as it was a one-on-one battle in a virtual
world —
No matter who I face, I must win.

191

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Swearing such a vow to herself like that, Sinon awaited the
moment in which the enemy would dive in once more.
***
As he yanked back his right fist, its final bone let out a parched
crack.
Fist Fighter Guild Chief Iskahn looked away from the spread-eagle
body of a soldier whom he had struck dead center in the armor,
glancing at his right hand in silence.
Gone were the iron knuckles capable of smashing all to
smithereens. In their place was a deeply swollen sac of skin
covering shattered bones and torn flesh, smeared with blood.
His left fist had transformed into the same state not long ago. His
feet were covered in bloody bruises. He could no longer run, let
alone kick.
“You fought like a true warrior, Champion.”
The hoarse voice of his aide, Dampe, caused Iskahn to look behind
him.
After completely losing both arms, the hulking man sitting on the
ground had kept up the fight solely by headbutting or bodyslamming the enemy, as evidenced by the sword wounds on his
face and body. His eyes, once shining with fighting spirit and
wisdom, were now clouded over, making clear that Dampe’s Life
was nearing exhaustion.
Iskahn raised his shattered fist in a gesture of respect towards the
warrior’s soul, then replied:
“Yeah, if we die like this, we won’t be ashamed once we meet our
ancestors in the afterlife.”
Dragging his feet, he shambled to his aide’s side, collapsing his
hindquarters onto the ground.

192

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

After a lengthy, fierce battle, the crimson legion that once
numbered over twenty thousand had now been reduced to
around three thousand. But in exchange, there were only around
three hundred surviving Fist Fighters. Moreover, every one of
them had been maimed and mangled. They were even unable to
assemble into a complete formation, merely curling up into a
group and waiting to be slaughtered.
But the sole reason that the three thousand enemy soldiers tightly
surrounding them hadn’t launched their final assault was —
A knight and a dragon, still battling like demons right before
Iskahn and Dampe’s eyes.
***
Her physical body and mental spirit had already been expended
far past their limitations.
Despite everything, as soon as the shadow of an enemy appeared
within her murky vision, Integrity Knight Sheyta Synthesis Twelve
still raised her right arm, which felt filled with lead, and swung the
Black Lily Sword.
The heavy din of sliced air was heard.
The needle-thin blade sank into an enemy’s shoulder plate. Its
recoil, like innumerable iron needles digging into her flesh,
traveled from her wrist to her elbow.
“Ha… AAHHHH!!”
The gravelly bellow of rage exploding from her throat was as
divorced as could be from her nickname of «Silent». Her sword
pierced through the bulky armor and tore a straight line, cleaving
the enemy’s body in half.
Once the soldier collapsed, cursing in an unintelligible tongue,
Sheyta wrenched her weapon from his body, wheezing crudely.

193

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The reason behind her exhaustion was due in part to the nearly
unlimited number of enemies, and also due to the uncanny way
the red soldiers felt to her on the other side of her sword.
Her Incarnation hardly had any effect. Though the enemy’s
weapons and armor simply weren’t worth mentioning when
compared against Sheyta’s Divine Instrument, whenever she
sliced them apart she would always feel a troubling resistance.
Their attacks were the same. They would clearly rely only on
brute-force, crude slashing movements, but that caused Sheyta
difficulty in predicting their next maneuvers.
She was practically fighting phantoms. This army was like a mass
of men that weren’t here at all, but shadows being projected from
afar instead.
Battling them wasn’t fun at all. Sheyta found as she executed these
shadows that she, who was born only to slash, could experience
nothing more than an intense repugnance.
— Why?
— No matter whether my opponents are shadows or bodies, or
even stone statues, I ought to be satisfied as long as they’re solid
enough. I’m merely a puppet who knows naught but to slash…
The Black Lily Sword was a Divine Instrument that contained the
highest Priority within its ultra-thin blade. It was a tool created
solely to sever, just as Sheyta herself was. If either of them failed
to continue slashing, their very significance as an existence would
be lost.
Highest Minister Administrator had transformed a black lily,
which Sheyta had retrieved from an ancient battlefield in the Dark
Realm, into a sword. When she then bestowed the sword unto
Sheyta, she had spoken thusly:
— This sword is the manifestation of the curse engraved within
your soul. A curse by the name of a murderous urge, created by
fluctuations in the parameters of personality inheritance. Slash,
slash, and keep slashing.
194

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Only when you walk this bloodsoaked road to the very end will
you discover the key to releasing this curse… Possibly.
At the time, Sheyta did not understand what the Highest Minister
meant.
She merely obeyed her directive and slashed her way along that
road, for years and years that seemed like an eternity. Then, at
last, she encountered her destined opponent. It was someone
harder and tougher than anyone or anything else she had ever
encountered by way of her sword: that Fist Fighter.
She wished to battle him once more. Only through battle might
she eventually understand something.
Driven by this thought, Sheyta parted from the Human Empire
Army and remained at this battlefield. Yet she seemed unable to
battle that red-haired warrior again.
She swallowed her last mouthful of water and tossed away the
empty waterskin while looking behind her.
She saw, sitting atop a boulder far away, the Fist Fighter Chief,
with his entire body covered in wounds. Inexplicably, sorrow
drifted into his left eye as he stared fixedly back at her.
Sheyta suddenly felt her chest sting.
— What is this pain?
— I should be longing to kill this man. I want to taste that allconsuming battle again, then slice off those fists that are harder
than diamonds. That should be all I desire. Yet, why is my heart…
What is this stirring feeling…?
Crack.
A feeble noise suddenly came from her right hand.
Sheyta raised the Black Lily Sword, inspecting it silently. At the
very center of the jet black blade that looked capable of absorbing
all light ran a fissure finer than spider silk.
195

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Ahh…
I see.
Sheyta inhaled deeply and smiled.
All of her questions dissolved in that moment. Sheyta finally
understood the meaning behind Administrator’s words, and what
her curse had been.
A wave of rumbling came from the ground. She glanced behind
her, only to see an enemy soldier charging at her, brandishing a
crude warhammer.
Sheyta fluidly sidestepped the enemy’s first strike and her right
hand thrust the sword directly into the red armor’s center.
Her final attack had been, true to her name, silent. As if merely
gliding, the Black Lily Sword slid into the enemy’s heart and deftly
took his life — then, beginning in the middle, it silently dissolved
into countless flower petals and dispersed in all directions.
Sheyta mournfully brought her lips to the scattering sword hilt
and whispered:
“… Thank you, for all this time.”
In that instant, she seemed to detect a faint whiff of a flower’s
fragrance.
To her right, the dragon Yoiyobi, her longtime companion,
crushed an enemy with a swing of its tail.
The dragon’s gray scales had been dyed red by the blood gushing
from its innumerable wounds, and its talons and fangs were
shattered and incomplete. It had long depleted its flames, and its
movements had slowed to a pace uncharacteristic of its original
agility.
Sheyta made sure that the enemy’s assault had paused, then
walked to her beloved dragon’s side and brushed her right hand
over its neck.
196

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Thank you too, Yoiyobi. Tired too, right?… Get some rest.”
Then, Sheyta and her dragon supported each other as they started
towards the small hill where the remaining survivors of the Fist
Fighters’ Guild had gathered.
Staying seated on the ground, the Fist Fighter Chief raised his
right hand, which looked so swollen that it could burst at any
second, and greeted Sheyta.
“My bad… I let your precious sword break…”
Sheyta shook her head at his apology:
“It’s fine. For I finally see, I see why I’ve been cutting everything
apart…”
She dropped weakly to her knees, raised both hands, and took the
young warrior’s face softly in her ten fingers.
“It was to find what I do not wish to cut. I’ve been fighting to find
what I wish to protect. That’s… you. So I don’t need the sword
anymore.”
In an instant, the Fist Fighter’s left eye widened, and a transparent
droplet of liquid welled up from within. On the contrary, this
made Sheyta slightly surprised.
The youngster clenched his teeth tightly together and muttered,
his throat choking up:
“Ah… fuck. I wanna start a family with you too. We’ll definitely
have a strong kid. A kid stronger than my ancestors, stronger than
me, who can become the strongest Fist Fighter for sure…”
“No. That child will become a knight.”
The two stared at each other for a moment, then both smiled. With
a hulking man gazing at them warmly, Sheyta and Iskahn
embraced, then sat down next to each other.

197

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Three hundred Fist Fighters, one Integrity Knight, and a dragon
waited in silence as the crimson soldiers gradually closed their
encirclement.
***
“Seems like… game, set, and match. Don’t it?”
Klein said as he and Asuna were returning to the rear
encampment. “Yeah,” she replied.
Both of their wounds were being treated by a mage amongst the
Japanese players using the Sacred Arts she had just learned. She
was unable to amplify the efficacy of the Arts with her imagination
like an Underworld Ascetic could, but since her character level
was high, her converted character had received very high Artspracticing authority that resulted in a plentiful healing ability.
“Thank you so much for coming to help us.”
Asuna thanked the female mage, and thanked Klein, who was
standing beside her, as well.
“Thank you too, Klein. I really don’t know how best to thank
you…”
Watching Asuna become momentarily tongue-tied, Klein
embarrassedly rubbed his nose.
“Hey, don’t treat me like a stranger. I owe you and that bastard
Kirito so damn much that this is far from enough… He’s here too,
right?”
Klein couldn’t help but lower his voice. Asuna nodded slightly.
“Yeah. Go meet him after the battle. If he listens to some of your
dirty jokes, Klein, he might just be unable to resist the urge to
roast you and wake up.”
“Hey, that’s kinda cruel.”

198

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

A smile stretched over Klein’s perpetually bright face, but his eyes
showed obvious concern. He, too, knew how severe the wounds in
Kirito’s soul were.
— Ah, but, really…
After everything was over and done with, after they had repelled
the enemies from Underworld and the «Ocean Turtle», if Sinon,
Leafa, Klein, and the rest of the original SAO Progressors, along
with Sakuya, Alicia, and the people from ALO… then Alice, Tiese,
Ronye, Sortiliena, and the others all surround Kirito, then there’s
no way he wouldn’t wake up, was there?
She had to keep fighting, so that when that moment came, she
could greet him with a smile.
As soon as her wounds had closed themselves, Asuna thanked the
mage player once again and stood up.
Like Klein had said, the fate of the battle was now certain and
undoubtable. The number of red American players had already
decreased to near that of the Japanese players, and they were
acting as though they’d completely lost their earlier fighting spirit,
repeatedly launching suicide attacks.
But this battle within these ancient ruins was merely a skirmish.
The crucial point was «Radiant Medium» Alice, who had been
abducted by Emperor Vector. While Knight Commander Bercouli
and Sinon were hindering his progress, they had to catch up to
Vector and take Alice back. Therefore, they must pick out the elite
among the elite from the converted players, borrow the Human
Empire Army’s horses, and head south as fast they could.
If they were able to catch up, even if the enemy was using a Super
Account, he couldn’t be a match for an elite, handpicked force
comprised of the top players from Japan. The overwhelming
strength that they possessed enabled Asuna to declare that.

199

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The valiant swordsmen had equipped blades, shields, and armor
reflecting a polychromatic shine, resembling the Einherjar18 of
Norse mythos…
Asuna wiped away her forming tears and looked away from the
front line, towards the very rear.
The supply team’s horse-drawn carriages had already been pulled
near the ruins’ sando entrance, and a temporary encampment had
been erected there. Asuna felt that the sight of wounded Japanese
being healed by the Underworld residents’ Arts also held
indescribable worth.
“… It’s okay, everything will be fine… for sure.”
Asuna’s spoken thoughts earned a vigorous reply from Klein,
beside her:
“Of course. All right, let’s get a move on.”
“Yeah.”
Asuna nodded, then turned towards the front line again —
But her attention was grabbed by something that brushed past the
edge of her vision, causing her to jerk violently to a halt.
— What is that. Something black… pitch black, like a stain…
Asuna’s eyes wavered for a moment, then she finally saw it.
The gargantuan god statues lining the two sides of the sando in the
ruins.
Atop the statue nearest them to the right side stood someone.
Because the statue was reflected against the light, they could only
make out a swaying black silhouette, almost like it was about to
melt into the crimson sky of the Dark Territory.

18
Fighters who fall in battle and are brought to Valhalla by Valkyries. More info
here:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Einherjar

200

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Was it an American who had deserted the battlefield? Or a scout
from the Japanese?
Startled, Asuna looked closer, and it was only then that she
noticed that the silhouette was swaying because the person was
dressed in a half-length black cloak. The poncho’s hood had been
pulled all the way down, so the person’s face was completely
invisible.
But.
“Hey, Klein. That man…”
Klein was just about to take off for the front line, but Asuna tugged
on his sleeve with her right hand and pointed with her left.
“That man standing there, do you feel like you’ve seen him
before?”
“Huh…? Whoa, he’s watching the show from up there. Damn,
who is that?… He’s wearing a cloak. I can’t even see his face, let
alone… remember…”
Klein’s voice suddenly broke off.
Asuna turned to look, only to see that Klein’s stubbled, scuffled
face had been drained of all color, white as a sheet of paper.
“Hey, what’s wrong? You know him? Who is that?”
“No… How. No way, that’s… Am I looking… at a ghost…?”
“A-A ghost…? What do you mean?”
“Be… Because, that black cloak, no, that leather poncho… is
LaughCof’s…”
The instant she heard that name.
Asuna felt her brain freeze in the blink of an eye.

201

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

LaughCof. Officially known as «Laughing Coffin». From the middle
to the end of the death game SAO, it had been the strongest red
guild, spreading terror throughout the floating castle Aincrad.
A great number of infamous PKers, including «Red-Eyed XaXa»
and «Johnny Black», were under its wing, and it had passed its
venomous hand over innumerable normal players… Finally, after
a fight to the death against a crusade team comprised of the
Progressor players, they were successfully destroyed.
During that battle, nearly every single member of «Laughing
Coffin» was either killed or sent to the Black Iron Palace, but one
man escaped. It was the guild leader, the man who had
mysteriously vanished when the guild’s lair was ambushed, and
also the man who had, either by his own hand or through indirect
methods, killed the most players in SAO. His name — «PoH». That
murderous demon had frequently clad himself in a black leather
poncho and wielded a large dagger that resembled a meat cleaver.
Yet two years later he had come to Underworld, now standing and
looking down upon Asuna and Klein.
“………. No way.”
Asuna could only muster a hoarse whisper at this moment.
It’s fake. I’m looking at a ghost.
Go. Go away.
But, as though it were mocking Asuna’s wish, the black silhouette
wavering like a mirage slowly raised its right hand. It then lightly
waved its hand back and forth, as though teasing her.
What followed —
Could only be described as her worst nightmare.
A new silhouette materialized beside the man in the black poncho.
Then another, and another.

202

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Atop the roof of the immense palace ruins connecting to the back
of the statue, a crimson legion silently appeared. To the left of the
palace roof, tens of silhouettes floated into being.
— Stop. Just stop.
Asuna prayed desperately. She feared that she could not
withstand greater despair than this.
And yet.
The new crimson legion continued to appear without ceasing, as
though it were literally endless. One thousand, five thousand, ten
thousand.
By the time their number broke thirty thousand, Asuna gave up on
an estimate.
Impossible.
More than fifty thousand Americans had just been painfully
ejected. It was impossible that so many troops could be located in
such a short time, and they could not be Japanese. If a fabricated
announcement had been disseminated within Japan, Klein and the
others would have been the first to know.
These were phantoms. They were all incorporeal shadows created
with Arts.
At some point, the Japanese players, who were about to
completely demolish the American players on the front line, had
stopped fighting and turned to look towards them. The spacious
battlefield was filled with an eerie silence.
Garble, garble.
The chatter coming from the red army that had filled the palace
rooftop to maximum occupancy was blown into Asuna’s ears like a
sinister wind.
Asuna was momentarily unable to decipher exactly what language
the mixed, intertwined chattering noise was in. She desperately
203

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

focused her hearing, and finally managed to detect some words
that were uttered more loudly than others.
— Bigeobhan ilbon-in.19
— Uli nalaleul jikyeola.20
— Ganchuu renmen.21
Not English. Not Japanese either.
At that moment, Klein let out a completely unrecognizable moan.
“Ah… This is bad… This is really bad… That huge army isn’t from
Japan or America…”
Asuna felt cold sweat run down her back as she listened to his
next words:
“……… It’s from China and Korea.”

19

Korean. 비겁한 일본인, “Cowardly Japanese”.

20
Korean. 우리 나라를 지키라, “Defend our country”.
21 Chinese. Possibly 趕走他們, “Drive them away”, or 幹掉你們, “Kill you all”. Could also be incorrect
Chinese.

204

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

205

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

3
Probably due to a nearby university just beginning summer break,
a VR bar in Cheongjin-dong, Jongno District in Seoul was
somewhat crowded.
Jo Wol-saeng finished the entrance procedures, then picked up a
paper cup and filled it with soda at the drinks bar. He entered a
single room, leaned back into a reclining seat, and heaved a long
sigh.
He felt like he’d been sighing like that more and more recently. He
knew the reason for it, too. He was already 20 this year, a
sophomore in university, and next year he’d have to take a leave
of absence for two years’ military service.
He had until his 30th birthday to enlist, so he could push it back a
few years if he wanted to, but students who didn’t complete their
service before graduation would be at a heavy disadvantage when
searching for a job. Nearly all of his fellow classmates would be
taking leaves of absence for military service after their sophomore
year, and since his parents were urging him to do so as well, he
really had nowhere to run.
Wol-saeng took a sip of his flat soda, and sighed again.
Everything unsettled him, from whether he, who was out of shape,
could withstand the harsh training to whether he would be bullied
amongst the troops. But what depressed him more was the fact
that his current life would be stolen away for two whole years. But
he wasn’t thinking of his life in the real world; rather, the virtual
world, which his friend had invited him to experience when he
had first started university, and where he had been engrossed
ever since — two whole years of being unable to enter that world
was, to him, more distressing than any sort of training.
“…… If only I could have this in the army…”

206

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

He muttered as he picked up the FullDive interface hanging from a
stand on the table — the «AmuSphere». Belonging to a popular VR
bar, the device was tattered inside and out, but to Wol-saeng, this
machine shined brighter than an angel’s halo.
Three years ago — in 2023, this device was released in Japan;
beginning to stock shelves all around the world the next year, it
triggered a huge boom in South Korea, where the online game
industry was already flourishing. Once named «PC Bars», Internet
cafes began renaming themselves into «VR Bars», fully equipped
with AmuSpheres. Young people all became absorbed by
VRMMORPGs, developed in either Japan or the US.
«Silla Empire», which Wol-saeng had been playing for a year and a
half, was a Korean localization of the Japanese-developed «Asuka
Empire». It wasn’t merely translated; even the towns, the avatars,
and the content of the quests were all modified to resemble
Korea’s ancient Silla dynasty. It has had the highest popularity in
Korea since beginning service.
On the other hand, players had been furiously clamoring for a
purely Korean-made work, so numerous companies began
developing all-new VRMMOs using the completely cost-free
software package «The Seed». However, the package itself was
still Japanese-made, so without connecting to the Japan-based
«The Seed Nexus», one couldn’t fully utilize its features. But
Japan’s VRMMOs fundamentally obfuscated connections from
Korea and China, which resulted in an inability to produce new
games with quality comparable to that of «Silla Empire», causing
Korean players to feel increasingly dissatisfied.
— I really want to play an all-Korean game before I leave for the
army, but it looks like that ship has sailed…
Wol-saeng sighed yet again, casting the thought away from his
mind. He lay heavily back onto the reclining chair and donned the
AmuSphere.
“… Link Start!”
207

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

He recited the sole universally-recognized voice command and
closed his eyes.
Passing through rays of variegated light, he input the VR bar’s
User ID and password, and arrived in a simplistic launching area.
Then, he prepared to press the icon for «Silla Empire».
But just then, he noticed that a social networking app window,
floating on the right side of the dark space, was currently scrolling
at an insane speed. It looked as though the several hundred users
he followed were all reposting a single piece of news at once.
“……… What’s going on?”
Puzzled, Wol-saeng pushed the launching program to the left,
pulling the social networking app window towards him. Then, he
tapped onto the news, magnified it, and read the words aloud.
“Hmm… ‘Korean, American, and Chinese volunteers have jointly
developed an all-new VRMMO, and its test server… has been
invaded by Japanese players, who are attacking the test players’?!
What the hell?!”
To be honest, Wol-saeng found something like this hard to believe.
But attached at the very end of the news was a link that resembled
that of a video; he clicked it somewhat dubiously.
A player window opened, and then —
“Vanguard, attack!!”
A bold, ferocious roar played at deafening volume. Wol-saeng,
who had watched quite a few Japanese anime, instantaneously
recognized the pronunciation as Japanese.
The video displayed Japanese-looking players dressed in silver
equipment launching an attack against players dressed in red
equipment, killing them one by one. A great volume of blood
would splash out every time that glistening sword swung, while
curses in English and screaming echoed all around.

208

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Judging by the utterly lawless cruelty taking place, this was indeed
happening inside a test server. Just like the news had said,
Japanese players were one-sidedly attacking American players.
When the 30-second video had finished, Wol-saeng felt somewhat
absentminded.
A «server attack» typically referred to the act of increasing its
workload in order to shut it down, or the act of vandalizing a
website, but diving into a VR world and attacking test players…
this was his first time hearing about such a thing. If the video’s
content were to be trusted, then that meant something like that
was currently taking place, but something felt off to him.
Yes… in the video, the Japanese players, who seemed to possess
equipment far exceeding that of the American players in terms of
properties and abilities, were one-sidedly exterminating them.
However, he felt that the desperate side wasn’t the Americans, the
ones being attacked, but the Japanese, the ones attacking them.
Attacking a server almost always ended up being somewhat of a
practical joke, but… these people seemed to be waging a life-anddeath war…
Suddenly, a shrill ding-dong chime sounded, causing Wol-saeng
flick his head up.
It was his fellow guild member from «Silla», who had seen that he
was online and had sent him a voice-chat request. He pressed the
“Accept” button, a new window opened up, and an urgent voice
called Wol-saeng’s character name.
“Hey, Moonphase, did you see those tweets?!”
“Uh… yeah, I just did…”
“Then what’re you waiting for? Start downloading the client!”
“C… Client?”
He hurriedly looked back at the social networking app window
and glanced at the next tweet.
209

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Written there — In order to save the test players from the
Japanese’s despicable attack, we are recruiting volunteers from the
entire Korean VRMMO player base. If you wish to help us out, please
download this client software and install it onto your AmuSpheres.
“…This?… Hwan-ung, you think this is real?”
“Of course I do, didn’t you see the video?! As we speak our
comrades are getting killed!!”
“I did see it… But, that video…”
Wol-saeng was about to convey his feeling of unease, but was
immediately interrupted.
“Anyway, just hurry up and install it! Myung-hoon and Helix
already dived, so we’ll be waiting for you over there!”
The voice-chat ended, and silence was restored to the launching
room.
Although Wol-saeng still had many doubts, nearly all of his fellow
guild members were participating, and he didn’t want to know
how they would chastise him if he ignored them. He’d probably
find more clues inside — besides, come to think of it, a
disturbance like this could very well be a guerilla event for a new
game. If he didn’t participate, he wouldn’t be able to reap the
benefits.
Making his decision, Wol-saeng pressed the “Download” button
and installed the client onto the AmuSphere, causing a new icon to
appear among the launch programs. After pressing the crimson
icon, onto which the words “HELP US” were inscribed in black,
Wol-saeng felt his consciousness being sucked into a different
world.
***
Even after transferring a large number of connections from China
and Korea into Underworld, Critter remained somewhat dubious.

210

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Although he had followed Vassago Casals’ instructions, to
disseminate an Underworld connection client within the two
countries that neighbored Japan, he remained very suspicious
throughout the process.
— ‘Cause aren’t the Japanese and Koreans pretty much the same?
There were a great number of Americans who didn’t know that
Japan and Korea weren’t connected by land, and there were even
those who thought that the two countries were both part of China.
Although Critter wasn’t quite so ignorant, he was also under the
impression that the three nations were completely friendly to
each other. As for their relations, weren’t they a quarrelsome but
loving bunch, just like the EU?
That was why Critter was completely unable to fathom Vassago’s
instructions.
Since he hadn’t had the time to create a new, fake site, he had used
social networking sites to spread the news. His first tweet had
been: “The Japanese are attacking a server for a VRMMO jointly
developed by American, Chinese, and Korean volunteers!”
The second tweet was an explanation of the first: “The Japanese
players want to hog The Seed Nexus so bad that they hacked the
server, and started creating powerful characters as they please.
They are attacking the American, Chinese, and Korean test
players. Since this server has not been equipped with pain
absorption nor an ethics code, our comrades are being massacred
while experiencing intense pain.” Then he attached a video he had
captured of a battle in Underworld.
The video itself was actually footage of Human Empire knights
and soldiers beating back American players, but the Underworld
residents spoke Japanese anyway. It seemed that the video had
made a gigantic impact; the number of retweets was exponentially
increasing, and the number of downloads had far, far exceeded
that of the US.
Taken aback, Critter thought:
211

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

— Why do I feel that the Japanese online gamers don’t really get
along well with Chinese or Korean players?
***
— Oh, it’s far worse. They simply detest each other.
Vassago Casals, who had returned to Underworld with his
«Laughing Coffin» character, «PoH», began to grin under his black
hood.
He raised his right hand high, and shouted loudly in Korean to the
red players behind him.
“— Go teach those invaders a lesson!! Slash and stab and kill,
make it as painful as you can so that they won’t even think of
harming our comrades again!!”
As soon as the great army of no less than 50,000 heard these two
sentences, it let loose a ferocious bellow. To them, the American
“testers” being killed by the Japanese players had already become
their fellow countrymen.
Trying his best not to laugh, Vassago swung his right hand down.
With a thunderous rumbling like an avalanche, the crimson legion
threw itself towards the Japanese below them.
— Come on, kill each other. Dance that ugly, miserable, comical
dance.
***
“… He’s here.”
Sinon murmured to herself.
She was looking at a jet-black dotted line falling from the crimson
sky, like a thread of silk.
Right now, she wanted very much to charge «Annihilate Ray» to
its maximum and blow the enemy away as soon as he
materialized. That way he would be unable to defend or evade.
212

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

But right now she needed to buy time. If the enemy were capable
of producing unlimited high-level accounts, then instantly
destroying him would be pointless.
First, she needed to drag the enemy into a war of attrition, then
observe his reaction. If her opponent showed signs of wanting to
protect his own life, she could deduce that he was using a valuable
account that could only be used once. Then, she would attack at
full force, rendering him unable to login with the same account
again.
But, in the event that the account could be mass-produced, she
couldn’t kill him. She had to try her best to drag out the battle and
buy enough time for Alice to head towards the «World End Altar».
So Sinon did not pull back her bowstring, and instead merely
remained hovering in the air, waiting for the enemy to materialize.
The place where the black code landed was where, minutes ago,
Knight Commander Bercouli’s body had lay.
The Knight Commander’s body had been placed onto the other
dragon’s saddle by Integrity Knight Alice; she seemed to want to
deliver him to a female Integrity Knight waiting in the Human
Empire.
Shino had asked: “Your rival in love?” Alice had smiled slightly and
replied: “You are my rival in love.”
— Good grief.
At this, Sinon could no longer log out easily. She had to stay in this
world, at least until the moment when Kirito awoke.
Sinon steeled her determination once again, and stared towards
the mountain of rock.
The black line touched the middle of the level summit and
transformed into a pile of viscous fluid.
Its color was as dark as a bottomless pit leading straight to hell.
When the final line was absorbed into the puddle as well —
213

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Bloop.
A tiny ripple poked out of the surface. Then a right hand extended
outwards silently. As she watched the sight of those five long, thin
fingers waving in the air, Sinon could not help but feel a cold
shudder running down her back.
She did her best to resist the urge to immediately burn them to
ash, waiting for the enemy to materialize.
Following the right hand, a left hand also appeared and seized the
edge of the puddle.
Then a man’s head appeared as well, with the slippery, moist
sound of liquid.
— What slightly surprised Sinon was the fact that this character
didn’t possess any distinguishing facial features; at least, he wasn’t
handsome by any means. His short golden hair clung tightly to his
head, his nose and lips were thin, and he looked somewhat
Caucasian, but distinctly unremarkable.
Was this really the all-new body of the man who had controlled
the Dark God Vector Super Account?… Sinon pondered,
moderately surprised.
The man raised his upper body out of the puddle, swiveling his
blue, marble-like eyeballs, finally sighting Sinon in the sky above
him.
For an instant, Sinon felt strange.
She felt as though she had seen those eyes somewhere. They were
a pair of eyes that seemed to reflect everything, yet seemed to
consume everything at the same time; a pair of eyes without any
emotion whatsoever.
Those eyes that sighted Sinon widened slightly. Then, a sliver of a
contorted smile was visible on his lips.
Yes. I’ve seen them. I’ve seen those eyes… and that face. And it
wasn’t too long ago, somewhere —
214

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

As Sinon was staring blankly at him, splat, with a drawn-out,
viscous splashing noise, the man leapt out of the puddle all at
once.
His getup was a little peculiar as well. He seemed to have
automatically converted his equipment over; he was not dressed
in ornate metallic armor. His deep-gray uniform’s top and bottom
complemented each other and were secured with a belt, while his
feet were wrapped in bound long boots, almost exactly like a
combat uniform worn by soldiers in the real world. His weapons
were a longsword at his left waist, and a crossbow at his right.
When the man had completely exited it, the black puddle did not
disappear. Shockingly, it separated from the ground, wriggling like
an animal. No, it was an animal. The part where it peeled off
extended outwards, transforming into a set of long, thin wings
that beat steadily.
Its bizarre appearance was not that of a bird, nor was it of a
dragon. At the front of its flat, basin-like body were four beady
eyes. To its left and right were bat-like wings, and trailing behind
it was a long, serpent-like tail.
When the combat uniformed man leapt onto it, the mysterious
winged creature beat its wings and left the ground, ascending to a
height equal to Sinon’s.
The creature hovered at 30 meters’ distance from Sinon, and the
man on top revealed a hint of a smile again.
For some reason, he raised his unarmed hands and extended them
directly in front of himself. Sinon became alert, thinking that he
was about to chant some sort of incantation. But nothing
happened. The man merely encircled his arms together, as though
around Sinon’s neck, then made a sudden motion as though he
were crushing his arms together.
In that instant, Sinon finally remembered. A parched voice
escaped from her mouth.
“…… Subtilizer……”
215

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

That was it. This man was the American player who had strangled
her to death from behind during the finals of the Gun Gale Online
PvP tournament — the «Fourth Bullet of Bullets», held two weeks
ago.
But why would he be here?
Forgetting even the longbow she held in her hands, Sinon focused
solely on her surprise, her eyes widening.
***
The middle of the pyramidal, self-sustaining artificial island Ocean
Turtle was marked by an ultra-strong main shaft constructed from
high-strength titanium alloy.
At the bottom of the hundred-meter tall cylindrical main shaft was
the main machine, protected by a multilayered isolation
wall — the pressurized water reactor. Above it was the occupied
main control room, and STL Room 1.
Underworld, or rather, the focus of Project Alicization — the Light
Cube Cluster, was directly above the main control room. The areas
up to this point belonged to the lower shaft.
Above the Light Cube Cluster was a perfectly level, pressureresistant partition that divided the main shaft into the upper and
lower shafts. The area above the wall was deemed the upper shaft:
first was a large number of cooling devices, and then came the sub
control room where the Rath employees had retreated to, along
with STL Room 2, which Kirigaya Kazuto and Yuuki Asuna were
currently using.
On July 7, at 9:00 am, a humanoid robot began moving on its own
along the cooling devices, down the stairs on the bow side of the
ship’s upper shaft. It was the Rath-developed prototype machine
«Ichiemom». As though they were watching it totter along, three
armed JSDF members followed it.
— I’m so glad that I’m not claustrophobic, acrophobic, or
nyctophobic.
216

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Higa Takeru encouraged himself silently, but at the same time, he
felt that having a phobia shouldn’t matter after all.
Because this duct, lit only by orange emergency lights, extended
straight down for a full 40 meters. If his sweat-soaked hands
slipped once, or his trembling feet missed a single step, he would
plunge straight down onto the pressure-resistant partition that
plugged this duct, and end up experiencing quite an unpleasant
sensation.
If he’d known this already, he would have let the researcher,
Yanai, go first. At least that way he wouldn’t need to keep staring
down into the vertical well.
— By the way, he said he was gonna be my shield, but went “After
you” when it was the real deal. What the heck?
Higa huffed somewhat indignantly and glanced a few meters
above his head, where Yanai was grabbing onto the ladder.
However, upon seeing his already white face become even paler as
he clung to the ladder for dear life, Higa didn’t have anything more
to say. Yanai’s willingness to accept such a dangerous mission
should already be praised, and the automatic handgun stuffed into
the holster on his waist was more or less a relief.
When he turned back downwards, the earpiece in his left ear
transmitted a steady voice.
“How is it, Higa-kun? Everything okay?”
The voice belonged to Koujiro Rinko, who was peeking into the
access hole above their heads.
Higa replied hoarsely into the microphone beside his mouth.
“Ah… yeah, kind of. About five more minutes and we should be
able to reach the pressure-resistant partition.”
“Got it. When you guys are ready, I’ll send the assault command to
Ichiemom team. You guys should open the partition only after the
enemy starts attacking Ichiemom when they spot it.”
217

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Roger. Wow, this really feels like Mission Impossible.”
“Oh pleeease, make this mission Possible. I can’t help but feel that
how the situation changes in Underworld is all on Kirito-kun’s
recovery… Sorry, Yanai-san, please watch over this kid.”
The last bit was directed towards Yanai. Once Higa heard Yanai
whimper “Roger” in reply, he couldn’t help but chuckle bitterly.
— “This kid”, huh?
He shook his head and tightly gripped the iron ladder rung with
his palms, which had somehow become sweaty.
Looking directly downwards, he found that the partition had, at
some point, come into view.
***
Critter had been dully watching the gigantic, writhing cloud on his
monitor, condensed from the Chinese and Korean players who
had dived in, but a sudden alarm made him jump up.
“The heck…?!”
He scanned the console in a panic, and discovered that a red alarm
was flashing on a side monitor to the right.
“Whoa… The pressure-resistant partition was unlocked! SSomeone go take a look at the duct!!”
Before he even finished shouting, the tall assault team member
Hans grabbed his assault rifle and bolted outside.
“Fuck, there goes my good hand!”
Brigg muttered while tossing his full suit of playing cards onto the
ground, then ran outside after Hans.
Had Rath, who were at a crushing disadvantage in terms of
equipment and firepower, thrown the helve after the hatchet and
begun a banzai charge? Or were they plotting something else…?

218

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Critter left the console and walked towards the control room door.
The power to the elevators had been cut, so he would have to use
the stairs if anything were to happen. Hans and Brigg seemed to
have come to the same conclusion; the loud stamping noises of
their feet on metallic stairs traveled from above.
But the footsteps suddenly halted, replaced by coarse shouts.
“Woah!!“
“Are you kidding?!“
Then came a burst of rifle fire.
***
Higa could already feel a clear ratatatat coming from outside the
duct; gunfire from an automatic rifle.
At that moment, on the other side of the main shaft, poor
Ichiemom’s muscle membranes and titanium skeleton had
probably been riddled with innumerable holes. However, his
battery and control system were installed on his back, so even if
he were hit, he should still be able to move for a bit.
“All right! Open the hatch on the pressure-resistant partition
now!”
As Professor Koujiro’s voice traveled into his earpiece, Higa threw
his entire weight into twisting the valve of the pressure-resistant
hatch dividing the duct. With a psshh, the hydraulic damper began
to move, and the heavy metal cover lifted upwards.
The other side of the partition, located in the duct of the lower
shaft, was also illuminated by dark orange emergency lights. The
commotion coming from the battle raging in the stairwell on the
other side of the main shaft suddenly became much clearer.
Higa swallowed, readjusted his backpack that contained his mini
portable laptop, and passed through the access panel that was
narrower than the duct itself. Then, he stepped onto another
ladder, and continued down.
219

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

— In this sort of moment, people in action movies would be
yelling dramatically.
“Go go go!!“
He muttered, and Rinko’s confused voice came through his
earphone.
“Um, what did you say?”
“N-Nothing. …About ten meters to the cable maintenance port…
Ah, I see it, there it is!”
The numerous thick fiber optic cables spread along the wall of the
cable duct all terminated at a black fuse box. If he plugged in his
laptop into the maintenance port inside, he could theoretically
control Units #3 and #4 inside STL Room 2, and also Units #5 and
#6 far away in the Roppongi branch, directly.
— Just wait, Kirigaya-kun. I’ll have you awake in no time!
Higa forgot his fear, and as he frantically descended the ladder, a
voice came through his earphone again.
“Then I’ll go back to the sub control room to monitor Kirito-kun’s
Fluctlight. Good luck, Higa-kun!!”
Being praised by Professor Koujiro — whom he once called
Koujiro-senpai, in a way that seemed to transport him back their
college days, made Higa look upwards in spite of himself.
But all he saw was Yanai, who was climbing down the ladder with
a face full of desperation.
Higa sighed helplessly in his heart, then looked again towards the
fuse box, which was drawing ever closer.
***
Having appeared atop the mountain still scarred by an intense
battle, the man in combat uniform looked southwards and
murmured in a monotonous voice:
“… Alice got away? No matter, I can catch up to her quickly…”
220

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Then he looked to Sinon again, and smiled slightly.
“… As I remember, we should’ve fought before in a Gun Gale
Online tournament. Your name is… «Sinon»? Who could have
imagined that we’d meet again in such a place?”
Listening to the inhuman voice of that man, who was Dark God
Vector and Subtilizer at the same time, Sinon desperately tried to
stop her hands from shaking. But her fingers had stiffened, her
palms were drenched in sweat, and she felt that if she made any
sudden moves, even the Bow of Solus would drop to the ground.
Standing on the back of the disc-shaped, winged creature,
Subtilizer smiled a temperature-less smile, and continued in fluent
Japanese.
“What exactly is going on? I heard that there were no more STL
units in Japan… Could you be an associate of Rath? Or rather, a
mercenary who would even come to a place like this?”
With difficulty, Sinon urged her dry lips to move and demanded
hoarsely:
“Subtilizer… I want to ask you, why are you here?”
“Because it is inevitable, of course.”
Subtilizer spread his arms wrapped in gray combat garb,
seemingly unable to suppress the glee within him, and continued:
“This is fate. The power of the soul that has drawn you and me
together.”
His tone was slowly changing. His very voice seemed to grow icier
and icier.
“Yes… I want you. That is why we are meeting again. This will
explain a great deal to me. Whether my target, whose soul I
absorb through the STL, is limited to Artificial Fluctlights, or
includes humans from the real world… I will also fully understand
the sweetness of your soul, which I was unable to taste during that
GGO tournament.”
221

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

As Sinon listened to these bizarre words, the words that this man
had spoken to her during the fourth BoB finals echoed in her
mind.
— Your soul will be so sweet.
— Your soul will be so sweet.22
Her body grew increasingly cold, she became taut, and even her
breathing turned erratic.
“Come… to me, Sinon. Give your everything to me.”
An icy glow gleamed within Subtilizer’s blue eyes.
Zzt. The world distorted.
Air, sound, and even light were all being twisted and absorbed
into Subtilizer’s eyes.
“Wha……… “
What was this?
Even thoughts like that seemed to be dragged away by a powerful
magnetism.
— No. I have to resist. I have to fight it.
A corner of her spirit screamed, but for some reason it felt
incomparably weak.
Finally, even Sinon’s blue-armored body was sucked towards
Subtilizer’s open arms.
The powerless fingers of Sinon’s left hand desperately pulled back
the bowstring, wavering silently in midair.
Seconds later, through her muffled, cloudy consciousness, Sinon
felt her own body become wrapped in Subtilizer’s darkness.
The man’s left hand found her back, his right hand grazed across
her face and brushed her hair away from her ear.
22

Sinon mentally translates this to Japanese

222

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Subtilizer’s thin, thin lips approached her exposed left ear, and
that voice like icy black water drilled directly into her brain.
“Sinon, have you ever thought of the meaning behind the name
«Subtilizer»?”
“…………?”
Utterly powerless, Sinon shook her head from left to right.
“It very much resembles a name, «Satori», that an American would
be fond of and change to their liking, doesn’t it? However, this is
genuine English. It is spelled «Subtilizer». It refers to «one who
refines», «one who carves», «one who selects»… and «one who
steals».”
Light even more intense than before suddenly exploded from
Subtilizer’s eyes, now directly in front of Sinon’s face.
“I will steal you. I will steal your soul…”
***
The place where Jo Wol-saeng landed was atop a rock covered
with cracks and moss.
This wasn’t a natural rock, but a man-made object. He appeared to
be on the rooftop of a gigantic temple-like structure. His
surroundings were choked with Korean players who had just
logged in, and they seemed to number in the thousands…
probably the tens of thousands.
Since there hadn’t been a character selection program, everyone’s
equipment was different, be it in the details or the weapons, but
they were all colored a uniform crimson. Wol-saeng glanced at his
own hands for a bit, which were now wrapped in gauntlets of the
same color, then looked forward.
Although he couldn’t really discern his location since he was in the
midst of a crowd, he could still see that a battle was raging on the
plains in front of the temple.

223

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

But the Korean players around him didn’t move either, probably
because the outcome of the battle was already decided. The group
of people dressed in multicolored getups, who looked to be the
Japanese players, seemed to have already completely annihilated
the legion clad in the same red as Wol-saeng and the others. They
had already reorganized their troops, but they didn’t seem to be
celebrating in any way.
He knew it. Something was off. But he was unable to immediately
articulate what.
At the very least, it didn’t look like a promotion event for a new
game, like he had imagined before diving in. This area, with only a
red sky and black ground, looked much too simplistic, and the
complete absence of any user guidelines or warnings before he
had dived in didn’t indicate the presence of an official event at all.
But even so, he was still unable to completely believe what he had
read in the tweet. Besides, what meaning was there in invading a
test server and killing test players? Even if they could wreak
temporary suffering and humiliation upon them, they wouldn’t be
able to stop, or even delay development of the game.
Nearly half the Koreans around Wol-saeng also looked bewildered
about the situation. Voices saying “What do we do?” “Are those
guys really Japanese?” were heard.
— But, just then.
“Comrades!”
A shout in Korean came from ahead, to the right.
Wol-saeng strained his back to see, but because he was blocked by
too many players, he couldn’t see what the speaker looked like.
However, he did catch a glimpse of a red logo, [Leader], hovering
above someone in the crowd. The same voice rang out from the
direction of that logo.

224

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Thank you very much for answering our call! — Regrettably, the
closed beta testers who were testing inside this server have
already all been killed by the Japanese aggressors, no, the
Japanese invaders! But those guys are still preparing to head for
other test points and repeat their crimes!”
In the next moment —
Wol-saeng felt palpable anger emanating from this group of
several thousands.
What incensed the Korean players had probably been the word
“invaders”.23 The confusion and suspicion that had been plaguing
quite a few players immediately evaporated, replaced with a
boiling hostility that covered the entire area.
“… BIGEOBHAN ILLBONIN!“
Someone bellowed, then bits and pieces of enraged yelling were
heard. After the hubbub subsided, that «Leader» declared again in
a carrying voice:
“Those Japanese hacked our server, and created high-level
equipment for themselves to their hearts’ content! And we, who
have had our administrator privileges stolen, can only give you
default equipment, comrades! However, your righteous and
patriotic fervor will not lose to any sword or armor!”
At this, an even louder roar of assent exploded from the crowd.
“ULI NALALEUL JIKYEOLA!“
Then, from very far away to the right, a wave of furious roars that
were not in Korean came thundering over.
“GANCHUU RANMEN!”
Wol-saeng couldn’t understand what it meant, but he recognized
it as Chinese. It seemed that the number of Chinese players here
as well was no less than that of the Korean players.
23
Invaders: 침략 (chimlyag). Spoken in Korean by the Leader. Likely a callback to 1910, when the
Empire of Japan annexed the Korean peninsula under the Joseon Kingdom.

225

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Even as the atmosphere intensified profoundly, Wol-saeng still felt
very uneasy. But at the same time, he knew that no one could stop
this fervor now.
Behind the human wall, the «Leader» raised his black gloved right
hand high in the air.
“——— Go!!“
Receiving this command understood by both Koreans and
Chinese, the red legion, burning with a blazing conflagration of
rage, advanced forward like a gargantuan creature, trembling
violently as it went.
***
“Hu… Human Empire Army! Supply team!
Advance at full speed—!”
Asuna shouted herself hoarse before the red army choking the
palace rooftops left and right made their move.
The Human Empire Defense Army’s supply team currently had an
encampment set up near the sando entrance of the ancient ruins.
The temple stretched out on both sides of the sando. In other
words, several tens of thousands of enemies were currently
entrenched directly above the supply team.
“Dump your goods and run now, carriages and Arts Users!!”
Even though she gave that order, it was already too late. The new
connector stepping into the battle, likely Chinese and Korean, had
already crossed over the giant god statues’ heads and leapt
directly into the center of the supply team.
Asuna clenched her teeth and raised the rapier in her right hand
high.
Concentrating her imagination onto the sword’s tip, she forcefully
swung it downwards. Divine, variegated light shot straight out and
struck squarely onto the giant god statues lining both sides of
the sando.
226

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Even as excruciating pain shot through her head, almost enough to
blow her consciousness flying, she concentrated her imagination.
The stone statues shook the ground as they stood up, opening
their rectangular mouths, waving their short hands, and began
attacking the players choking the temple rooftops.
The red soldiers at the very front hurriedly retreated and collided
with their friendly forces squeezing in from behind. They fell
down like dominoes. Seizing the opportunity, eight carriages, the
two-hundred member Ascetic team, and the supply team all began
to move.
Asuna could only control the statues for around 30 seconds before
the pain became too much for her to endure, and she dropped to
her knees. But the rear of the Human Empire Army had managed
to escape disaster and successfully retreated to the wide
wilderness north of the ancient ruins. Around 500 Guardians and
2,000 Japanese players advanced forward and adopted a
formation that defensively flanked their rear troops from both
sides, preparing to engage.
But since this area had hardly any suitable terrain, their only
option was to mount a despair-inducing omnidirectional defense
against several tens of thousands of enemies. They had been able
to painstakingly drive back the American players, who far
outnumbered them, solely because they had used the walls of the
palace ruins to restrict the front line to one place, and
complemented it with a generous healing rotation. But now that
they were surrounded by nearly forty to fifty thousand Chinese
and Korean players, it was only a matter of time before the front
line collapsed.
“Urgh……”
Squeezing out the last of her little remaining strength, Asuna
pushed herself up and raised her rapier again.
— Please, last one… Let me build a strong wall that can protect
everyone.
227

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

She prayed as she attempted to concentrate her imagination.
But.
Accompanied by an extraordinary impact surging through her
body like an electric current, Asuna was thrown to the ground
again. Something welled up in her throat and she spit it out, only
to realize that it was a small amount of blood.
“Don’t push yourself too hard, Asuna! Let us have some of the
spotlight as well!”
Klein shouted at her heartily.
“Yeah, leave it to us now.”
Agil responded in a deep voice.
As the two men standing in front of Asuna raised their katana and
two-handed battleaxe —
The crimson legion that had recovered from the chaos began
leaping down from the palace rooftops again. Since they were 20
meters above ground, a great many of them did not land safely
and suffered injured limbs, with some not even being able to
move, but the soldiers coming after them used the injured as
human trampolines and landed safely on the ground.
“DOLGYEO —— G!!“
“TU —— JI!!“
Asuna had never learned either Korean or Chinese, but instinct
told her that those two screams meant assault.
The crimson legion fanned out left and right, approaching ever
closer, but the first ones to engage them were Klein and Agil.
“Zeiryaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!“
“U…. raaaaaaaaahhhhh!!“
Accompanied by simultaneous bellows that shook the air, wide
range Sword Skills launched by the katana and battleaxe erupted.
228

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

White and blue rays of light shone and enveloped each other as
the blood of several tens of enemies flew into the air.
On both sides of the two men, the ALO Lords, their aides, and the
heroes of the Sleeping Knights began to fight with all their might.
The continuous striking of metal pierced the battlefield like
machinegun fire. A single explosion roared clearly and deeply.
Swords, axes, and spears howled as each polychromatic Sword
Skill exploded from them, cutting down the red soldiers without
end.
The compressed air around them screeched and the army’s
assault halted for an instant.
But it was only —
Effort as meaningless as attempting to stop with his bare hands a
muddy surge of water that had broken its banks and was rushing
towards him.
Lying on the ground, Asuna seemed to hear faint, shrill, mocking
laughter coming from above the battlefield engulfed with screams
of pain and roars of rage.
She swiveled her cloudy eyes, and caught sight of a man in a black
poncho standing on the rooftop of the palace ruins, twisting his
body as though he were dancing.
***
Higa listened to the sporadic gunfire coming from the other side of
the main shaft while climbing down the ladder as quickly as he
could.
Finally, he arrived in front the fuse box that dully reflected the
orange lamps, and pried open the cover with stiff fingertips.
Inside was a wiring board stuffed full of a web of fiber optic wires,
momentarily weakening him a bit, but Higa pulled back wire after
wire, and finally located the maintenance port.
The moment had finally arrived.
229

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

He sucked in a deep breath to calm his thoughts, then retrieved a
cable and the laptop from his backpack. He plugged one end of the
cable into the maintenance port, the other end into the computer,
and launched the STL control program with a mood that was
almost like prayer.
A completely black window was opened, and a cursor at its top
left began blinking tantalizingly. Finally, the cursor moved right
and displayed a status message.
STL #3, Connecting…… OK.
STL #4, Connecting…… OK.
The first to return normal signals were the two units inside STL
Room 2, bordering the sub control room.
Then, connections by way of satellite link from the Ocean Turtle to
STL #5 and #6 at the Roppongi branch were also confirmed.
“… Yes!”
Higa murmured. Now he should be able to operate on the four STL
units that Kirigaya Kazuto and the three girls were using.
Regrettably, it was only possible to block the line connecting STL
Room Two and the satellite antenna from the main control room,
so he couldn’t do anything to the two units inside STL Room 1. If
that were possible, he would be able to eject the attackers diving
in STL #1 and #2 from Underworld.
Suspending these turbulent thoughts, Higa placed his right hand
onto the tiny keyboard and prepared to begin operating at once.
— Let’s do this!
Just as he prepared himself, a shrill yell came from above his head.
“… F… Freeze!”
It was Yanai’s voice. What on earth was he saying in this sort of
situation?

230

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Higa looked up, annoyed, but found himself staring straight down
the barrel of a gun, gleaming blue-black, three meters away from
his face. Behind the barrel, Yanai, staring at him with bloodshot,
beady eyes, shouted again:
“Take your hand away from the computer! Or I’ll shoot!”
“……… Huh?”
He only blanked for half a second.
Higa instantly grasped the situation and began to speculate why
Yanai was doing this.
— It’s him!
This Yanai man was the spy who had been leaking Project
Alicization intelligence to the Americans.
But unfortunately, Higa was unable to come up with any
countermeasures. The only thing he did manage to do was
articulate a completely meaningless question from his parched
mouth:
“… Yanai-san. Why?”
A layer of cold sweat appeared on the technician’s white forehead.
His lips trembled for a bit, and then he mustered a weak voice.
“First… First of all, you’re barking up the wrong tree. Don’t think
of me as a traitor.”
— What do you mean, “think”? You are a traitor!
As if he had heard Higa’s silent scream, Yanai continued:
“I’m just carrying out my original plan. I inherited my boss’s final
mission… and that’s why I infiltrated Rath.”
“Your… Your boss’s final mission? Who are you talking about?….”
Higa asked blankly. Yanai brushed away a lock of hair that landed
on his forehead with his left hand, and replied with a grin that
looked ever-so-slightly insane:
231

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Someone you’re familiar with… Sugou-san.”
“Wh…”
— Whaaaat?!
The impact hitting Higa was greater than that when he had first
seen the gun, and his eyes went wide.
Sugou Nobuyuki. A man who had worked in Touto Technical
University’s Shigemura Laboratory during the same period as
Higa, Koujiro Rinko, and Kayaba Akihiko. He had always been very
blatantly competitive with Kayaba, the super-genius, but was
ultimately unable to surpass him. Whether it was because of that
or not, in the end, he went so far as to commit the crime of
kidnapping hundreds of SAO players for illegal human
experimentation.
Due to the actions of Kirigaya Kazuto, Sugou’s plot was brought to
light. After being detained, he appealed the judgment by the first
instance of law, and was still disputing it in the Tokyo Supreme
Court.
“… He’s still not dead yet.”
Higa couldn’t help but mutter under his breath, and Yanai laughed
shrilly.
“What’s the difference? He’ll be locked up for at least ten years,
and for a researcher that’s equivalent to death. I was almost
caught too, but I pushed all the blame to the other guy and
eventually managed to slip through the long arm of the law.”
“Then you… were associated with Sugou’s human experiments?”
“Associated? I was the one actually collecting the data. That was a
fun bit of research… Like the virtual tentacle play and stuff…”
— Why didn’t Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka properly check the
background of a criminal like this?!
Higa thought, his breathing rapid, but then he sighed because he
couldn’t really blame Kikuoka in the first place.
232

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The reason that the front company Rath was created was to clear
a new made-in-Japan line on top of the foundation of defense
technologies nearly dominated entirely by the US. In other words,
it would have threatened the interests of zaibatsu24 manufacturers
and defense contractors.
Therefore, it was extremely difficult to find and hire technicians.
Almost no one was willing to job-hop from a large company to this
place, and it was no wonder that they would be very welcoming to
Yanai, who had once worked for a FullDive technology research
company as large as RECT.
Yanai seemed to be temporarily lost in reminiscence in front of
Higa, but he very quickly pulled himself together and raised the
gun again. The safety switch on the left side of the firearm had
already been released. In the beginning, Kikuoka had thoughtfully
put all technical workers through firearms training, but now,
ironically, he’d ended up shooting himself in the foot.
Luckily, Yanai seemed to still have a lot on his mind to pour out;
he continued shrilly:
“… Anyway, my boss’s life is over, but his connections are still up
and running. So If I don’t properly use them, then I’ll be wasting
his hard work.”
“Connections… Where?”
Higa demanded automatically. Yanai seemed to hesitate for a
moment, but he eventually grinned and answered:
“The US National Security Agency.”
“Wha… What did you say?!”
Higa put on a look of shock, but inside, this had been expected.

24
Japanese industrial and financial business conglomerate. More
info:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaibatsu

233

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Their activities, including spying and telecommunications
surveillance conducted in Japan by the US National Security
Agency, were already open secrets, so they were naturally
uninterested in Japan’s world leadership with regards to FullDive
technology. Ever since they had gotten intel on Project Alicization
from Yanai, Sugou’s subordinate, the NSA, even went to the
lengths of borrowing a Navy submarine to come and steal
«A.L.I.C.E.».
Yanai still continued flaunting his own achievements without a
shred of guilt:
“… If those Americans under us can successfully retrieve Alice, I’ll
be paid a handsome amount and a position in America can be
secured for me. That’s the American success story that Sugou-san
was dreaming of.”
— The price being that the entire world will have to tremble
under the shadow of the high-performance autonomous weapons
that the US military will develop.
Higa desperately resisted the urge to retort like that. Right now he
had to try his best to drag this out, to seize his only opportunity
left.
— Realize what’s happening, Rinko-san!
Just as Higa beseeched inwardly, the laptop in his left hand almost
slipped off, and he hurriedly grabbed hold of it.
“F-Freeze!!”
In the next instant, Yanai’s distorted shout entered Higa’s ears as
he pointed the gun barrel towards the wall of the duct and pulled
the trigger. A yellow streak of light flashed by and the expanding
air sharply numbed his ears.
Sparks exploded from the metal wall of the duct —
A fierce impact struck Higa’s right shoulder.
“Huh?”
234

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Higa uttered a surprised noise.

235

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

236

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

***
Sinon stared dumbly into those blue eyes, which were almost
close enough to touch, with pitch-black whirlpools swirling inside
like black holes.
It was as if it were early morning and she was waking from a
dream.
She had to do something. But it all felt like a dream, while in
reality she was doing nothing. Merely a cycle of repeating
illusions.
Fingers cold as ice caressed her neck. Intense revulsion and terror
arose from within her heart, but even those were immediately
sucked from her consciousness and replaced with a gray void.
— No.
This was no longer an imaginary event taking place in a virtual
space.
This realization flashed at the edge of her consciousness like a
flashing red alarm. She tried to concentrate on it, but that black,
sticky, viscous liquid had already risen past her waist, unnoticed.
Nowhere to run. No way to resist.
The man’s face grew closer and closer. His thin, thin lips parted,
sucking in air. With it went her emotions, thoughts, and even her
soul.
— Stop.
— Don’t steal it.
Yet even these pleas were quickly seized, leaving only that dull
numbness.
“Sto…… op………”
The man’s lips slowly, gradually drew closer to Sinon’s trembling
mouth —
Crack!!
237

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

An impact suddenly gave a violent jolt to Sinon’s consciousness.
She widened her eyes and saw dazzling silver sparks spraying
from the collar of her top.
— It burns!!
In an instant, a scalding sensation like an electric shock surpassed
that man’s absorption. Sinon blasted her slightly-recovered
consciousness to life like a bullet primer and threw her entire
weight against the man’s arms, slipping away.
She used Solus’s flight ability to greatly widen the distance
between them.
“……… Urgh…”
Gasping for breath, she reached her right hand into her top to pull
out the object that was continuously spitting sparks.
It was a blanched metallic strip hanging from a thin chain. A disc
about 1.5 centimeters in diameter, with a hole in its edge through
which the chain looped.
“Wh… y, is this…”
— Here?
Sinon murmured hoarsely, astounded.
It was a necklace that Asada Shino always kept around her neck in
the real world. It was nothing valuable. The chain was surgical
stainless steel, and the metallic strip was merely an ordinary piece
of silver-plated aluminum.
However, to Sinon, it possessed a great deal of meaning.
At the end of last year, Sinon was involved in the «Death Gun
Incident».
One of Sinon’s male classmates was a member of a criminal group,
and just as he attacked her with a high-pressure injector full of the
poison succinylcholine, Kirigaya Kazuto — Kirito rushed over and
protected her, but his own left chest was shot by the drug.
238

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

He was only able to prevent the deadly poison from entering his
body because he had forgotten to peel an ECG electrode from his
chest.
After the incident passed, Sinon found that the electrode had
fallen on the floor in her room. She cut the tape from it and
processed the silver metallic component into a pendant. She had
been secretly wearing this homemade necklace all this time, not
even telling Kirito or Asuna. She had dived fully clothed in Rath’s
Roppongi branch, and not even that worker named Hiraki had the
chance to see it.
That was why this necklace could not have materialized within
Underworld.
— But.
Kirito had once said so in the Dicey Cafe: the virtual world created
by the STL was not simply comprised of polygonal objects.
He said that — it was a different reality generated through
memories and imagination.
That being the case, this necklace must have been realized
through Sinon’s own imagination.
Sinon softly touched the pendant to her lips, and placed it back
under her clothes.
Then, she directed her completely-regained consciousness
towards the black, winged creature hovering in the sky far away.
Subtilizer stood atop the creature’s back, looking at his own right
hand in silence. Sinon could see wisps of white smoke rising from
his fingertips.
Seemingly detecting her eyes on him, Subtilizer looked up, and the
corners of his mouth curled with a trace of dissatisfaction. Sinon
stared right at that man’s face and spoke:
“You’re not a god, and you’re not a demon either. You’re just a
human.”
239

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Indeed, Subtilizer was overwhelmingly powerful. He likely
possessed an insanely strong imagination that had interfered with
Sinon’s consciousness… in other words, her Fluctlight.
— But if we’re talking imagination and concentration, there’s no
way I’d lose to you.
Because those were a sniper’s greatest strengths.
Sinon gripped the Solus account’s GM equipment with both hands,
the longbow «Annihilate Ray», and directed her stare at it.
The center of the gleaming white longbow began to take on a
black hue with a blue tint.
As the range of the color shift widened, the bow’s smoothly curved
body began to transform into completely straight edges. That long,
shining blue-black cylinder was the steel body of a firearm. The
muzzle, handle, and stock appeared one by one, and finally, a
gigantic scope seemed to surge from the gun body as it
materialized.
At this moment, Sinon was no longer holding an elegant longbow.
But rather, a forthright, fierce, indescribably beautiful .50 caliber
anti-material sniper rifle — «Ultima Ratio Hecate II».
With a sharp sound, Sinon pulled back the bolt handle of her
trusty partner, grinning.
The bridge of Subtilizer’s nose wrinkled very slightly, and his lips
pulled back into a curve that suggested anger.

240

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

241

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

***
What could be called a battle only persisted for the short span of
seven minutes. Then came three minutes of defense, and the
situation turned into a one-sided slaughter.
“Defend at all costs…! No matter what, we must at least protect the
people of Underworld……!!”
Asuna shouted with all her might, brandishing her rapier on the
very front line, ignoring the unceasing pain pulsing deep in her
brain.
But she could no longer hear a unified, relieving reply.
All around her, one by one, the Japanese players in converted,
multicolored equipment were being surrounded by the players
clad in blood-red armor from neighboring countries and pierced
full of holes with swords and spears. Bellows of fury, screams of
grief, and shrieks before death resounded without end.
Compared to this, the Americans’ heavy lancing technique had
been much simpler to deal with.
Whether it was because that huge, newly appearing army came
from those two countries, or because of their abnormally scalding
rage, they were completely ignoring all else and making
annihilation their only goal. They launched themselves at their
targets all at once, pulled them to the ground by their feet, and
crushed them from above, peeling away their freedom. When
faced with this type of battle strategy, tactics were ultimately
unable to overcome vast numerical disadvantage.
The two thousand-man circular defensive formation was being
eroded away before their very eyes, growing thinner and thinner
by the second.
Using her rapier, Asuna desperately slashed and ran through the
endless enemy soldiers lunging at her. This was her first time
pleading so despairingly in her heart since she had logged into
Underworld the night before.
242

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Someone, save us.
***
In this battle of despair, one of the squads that had been bravely,
persistently fighting was the Green Swordsmen team led by
female player Sakuya, who held the role of being the Sylph Lord of
Alfheim Online.
The Sylph race was inherently adept at flexibly carrying out highspeed cooperative attacks. This sort of battle strategy, honed to
counter the Salamander race, which launched assaults with
heavily armed players, was able to achieve some results in chaotic
warfare like this. The lightly armed swordsmen maneuvered
dizzyingly fast as they shielded each other, rendering the enemy
unable to pick a target and preventing themselves from being
pulled to the ground one by one.
“— Great, let’s open up another hole in their defenses! Rindou
Team, Suzuran Team, push the front line to the right!!”
Sakuya personally stood at the very front, brandishing her slender
katana in all directions, shouting orders.
At this moment, they should be rendezvousing with the
Salamander team, currently fighting to their right, and borrowing
their assault power to break through the enemy formation in one
strike. As long as they could allow the reinforcement troops to
escape to the sando in the ancient ruins again and limit the battle
line to that narrow entrance, maybe they could whittle down the
enemy’s astronomical number like they had the Americans.
“Advance! Prepare the «Synchro Sword Skill»!! Ready, 5, 4, 3…”
Just as Sakuya was about to give the order.
A clear scream of suffering came from the left side of the
battleground they were defending.
“— Don’t give up, everyone. Just a bit more time!!”
Sakuya suddenly stopped breathing and looked to the left.
243

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

A troop of Japanese players equipped with yellow-based
equipment was seemingly about to be swallowed by a tsunami of
crimson. At their very front was a petite silhouette, thrown to the
ground and pinned there by her metal claws.
“Alicia!!”
Sakuya yelled. In that instant, she changed from a calm and
collected commander back into a female university student.
“Stoooop —— !!“
She screamed, bolting towards the left on her own. She swiped
and knocked flying the enemies blocking her way, focusing only
on charging to her best friend without stopping.
Longswords pierced through Cait Sith Lord Alicia Rue’s chest and
abdomen, but when she noticed Sakuya approaching, she yelled
back at her as though she were spitting blood:
“No, go back, Sakuya-chan!! Command your troops!!”
With those last words, those triangular ears poking out of her
golden hair disappeared before Sakuya’s eyes.
“Alicia —— !!“
Sakuya let out a grieving scream and charged alone into the
immense number of enemies about to decimate the Cait Sith team.
She continuously activated Sword Skills, taking steps forward
through spraying blood and pieces of flesh. She was only a bit
further away from where her best friend had fallen…
Snikt.
With that impact, she looked down, only to see the head of a spear
piercing straight through her right abdomen.
Her first taste of excruciating pain in this world surged through
her nerves, robbing her of her strength.

244

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Even so, she still took four more steps forward, but then her
consciousness lost control of her character and she collapsed right
to the ground.
In the next moment, Sakuya was utterly consumed by the gale of
hatred. Her beloved sword was wrenched from her right hand, her
left arm was sliced in two, and countless bits of sharp metal ran
her body through.
***
Amongst the two thousand — although that number was rapidly
decreasing — Japanese players currently diving here, the one with
the clearest grasp of the situation was the third generation leader
of the «Sleeping Knights» guild, An Si-Eun/Siune.
Her father was a Korean living in Japan and her mother was
Japanese, so Siune was able to speak both nation’s languages.
Therefore, when she heard bits and pieces of the furious roars
coming from half of the red soldiers, she was able to guess what
kind of information had incited these people.
Rifts and conflict had begun to occur between the netizens of
Japan and Korea before Siune had been born, at the dawn of the
21st century. There were a myriad of reasons for that, but it
seemed that the development of the Internet caused the rift to
grow faster and faster.
With little distinction between right and wrong, these
developments corroded into the world of online games that Siune
and her friends so adored. Even in 2026, within the international
server of a mainstream VRMMO, it was not uncommon for fierce
disputes over monster farming areas to break out between
players from different countries. Recent games like ALO would all
reject connections from overseas, and one even felt that the chasm
between the neighboring countries was growing deeper and
deeper.
Siune, who had grown up touched by both Japanese and Korean
culture, had always felt distressed about this sort of situation.
245

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The members of the Sleeping Knights in the VR Hospice Ward,
who had invited Siune into a new world, remained very friendly to
her like always even upon learning of her past, so she she had
always thought… For everyone, she had to personally erect a
bridge across this chasm inside the virtual world.
But now.
That man currently overlooking the battle from the rooftops of the
palace ruins had incited VRMMO players from other countries
with his dishonest rhetoric, played up their joint opposition
against a common enemy, and brewed up the greatest hatred and
tragedy since the inception of VRMMOs.
— I have to… I have to do something. I’m perhaps the only one
among the Japanese players who can speak Korean.
— If I don’t push forward, they won’t understand. Right, Yuuki?
Calling the name of the previous guild leader, who had passed
away three months ago, in her heart, Siune loudly instructed her
four partners beside her.
“Please, everyone, just once, let’s open a hole in their defenses!!”
Jun, a dual-wielder who was battling valiantly like a fierce god in
the front, immediately shouted:
“Got it! Tecchi, Talken, Nori, release your all-out attacks all at
once! 3, 2, 1!”
The perfectly synchronized, high-powered, single-strike Sword
Skills triggered an earthshaking explosion, blowing back tens of
enemies.
In this instant of silence and stagnation, Siune ran towards a huge
Korean player who looked like the leader and threw out her left
hand to catch the blade of the longsword he swung down.
Her palm split and blood spurted out.
But virtual pain like this, compared to the suffering that Siune had
experienced from bone marrow transplants and chemotherapy for
246

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

her leukemia, was nothing at all. She merely grimaced a bit, kept
her stare fixated on the man’s eyes, and shouted in Korean:
“— Listen to me, you’ve all been lied to!! This server belongs to a
Japanese company, we’re not hackers, we’re the rightful users!!”
Her voice echoed widely, stretching the silence for a few more
moments.
The Korean whose sword was gripped by Siune’s bare hand
leaned backwards slightly, as though he were somewhat
intimidated by her drive, but very quickly retorted sharply:
“— You’re lying! I saw it with my own eyes, you killed all of those
players who were the same color as us!!”
“They were the same as you, Americans who had been tricked into
coming here by false information! The ones hindering the
Japanese company’s development are you all!! Think about it
more carefully… Is this rage and hatred of yours right now really
coming from your own hearts?!”
Siune’s words caused the Koreans at the scene to fall silent,
dubious.
Just then, a sharp — yet somewhat confused inquiry came from
the rear of the crowd and broke the silence again.
“Are you telling the truth?!”
The one who shouted this in Korean, running out of the crowd,
was a player who looked no different from the other soldiers.
Siune subconsciously adopted a defensive stance, but the player
arrived in front of her and lowered the sword in his right hand,
declaring his absence of hostility, then pushed up his helmet visor.
“I’m «Moonphase», who are you?”
Siune was somewhat taken aback to have someone ask her name
so suddenly, but the eyes of this man calling himself Moonphase
shined with a sincere glow.

247

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Siune took her left hand away from the sword blade she was
blocking, then clenched it, still dripping virtual blood, into a fist at
her chest, and spoke:
“… I am Siune.”
“Siune-san, is it? I’ve been also thinking that this whole thing is a
little weird.”
Moonphase’s quickly uttered sentence prompted furious roars
from Korean players around them. But he loudly slid his sword
back into its sheath, suppressing the noise, and took a step
forward.
“— Do you have a way to prove what you are saying?!”
“…………”
Siune couldn’t help but hold her breath.
This «Underworld» was a virtual reality world developed by a
government-funded Japanese company to perform research and
development, and the attackers were Americans trying to seize
the fruit of that research, a new generation of AI — Siune had
never once doubted these words that her friend Lisbeth had
tearfully accounted to them inside the World Tree dome in ALO.
But when she was asked for a way to prove it, she found herself
lost.
There was no physical evidence in a virtual world. There were
only testimonies from certain people, but no matter what the
Japanese told them, the other side wouldn’t believe it. Siune could
feel enmity flaring up again among the Korean players around
them in the time that she remained speechless like this. What
could she do… Where would she find…
“Siune, the Underworld people!”
Nori suddenly shouted from the left, behind her.

248

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Have him meet the people who live in Underworld, and once he
sees that they’re speaking Japanese, they’ll understand that this is
a Japanese server!”
“Ah………!”
Yes, that was a possibility. Although Siune and the others had only
spoken a few words with the people of Underworld in the middle
of the circular formation, after feeling that they were neither real
world people nor NPCs, she had experienced an impact enough to
stun her soul. Even though — no, because there was a language
barrier between them and the Koreans, the Koreans would also
feel the same. As long as they kept an open mind and met and
talked with them, they would absolutely understand.
Siune was about to translate what Nori had just told her in
Japanese into Korean to tell Moonphase.
But just then, a ray of vicious red light flashed behind him.
“Ah… Look ou……”
Siune desperately tried to warn him, but it was too late. A very
short yet very thick cleaver buried itself deeply into Moonphase’s
back and blew him nearly ten meters away.
“Guaagh……”
Replacing Moonphase, who was now writhing in pain on the
ground, there stood the man in the black poncho who should have
been on top of the palace roof.
He pointed his right hand, which was gripping a dagger that
resembled a Chinese-style meat cleaver, at Moonphase and
shouted loudly in Korean:
“This battlefield is no place for traitors!”
Then he pointed the cleaver at each of the Koreans surrounding
them.
“Don’t fall victim to the tricks of those dirty Japanese!”
249

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The voice was low, powerful, and icy, yet it carried a faint trace of
ridicule.
The final one the cleaver pointed at was Siune, who stood stockstill, stunned.
“If this is really a Japanese server, and you really are the rightful
users, then why are you the only ones with such powerful
equipment? They’re shining like GM equipment! You crafted them
with cheating methods!!”
Exactly, exactly! Sounds of assent followed the man’s declaration.
Siune desperately refuted the man’s words.
“… No! Our equipment is different because we converted our own
high-level accounts into this world!’
As soon as she said that, the man in the black poncho let out a
high, scornful laugh.
“Hah, what kind of idiot would convert their account into a test
server?! Liar, you’re all liars!!”
“It’s true, believe me!! We came here determined, not willing to
lose our characters…”
Whoosh. The sound of sliced wind was abruptly heard.
As the dagger flying towards her buried itself deeply into her right
shoulder, Siune was aware not of pain, but of deepest, darkest
despair. She was completely unable to comprehend the words
shouted by the man who had thrown his weapon.
A small group of Chinese players shattered the temporary
ceasefire and launched an assault from her right. The leader of the
Koreans, seeing all of this, brought Siune crashing to the ground
with one kick, cursing.
Lying there, Siune listened to the sound of her partners’ footsteps
as they rushed towards her, but was not able to get up again.
***
250

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

— Why?
Integrity Knight Renri Synthesis Twenty-Seven deeply felt the
strong hatred enveloping the entire battlefield, only repeating that
word in his mind.
— Why are these people so hateful of each other as to slaughter
one another, even though they are all from the Real World?
No, perhaps he lacked the authority to say that. Even the people of
Underworld were divided into the Human Empire and the Dark
Realm, and had engaged in bloody warfare for hundreds of years.
Just a few days ago, the blood spilled at the Great Eastern Gate
was enough to rival the blood that was slowly soaking into the soil
of this battlefield here. Even the Divine Instruments hanging from
Renri’s waist, the «Twin Edged Wings», had claimed the lives of
countless Goblins.
But, that had been the reason.
That was the reason he had kept wanting to believe that the Real
World outside of Underworld was a world without conflict or
hatred, where wars would never, ever happen.
But that was clearly his own fantasy. Although the Real World
people, Asuna and her partners, spoke the same language as the
people of Underworld, the voices screamed by the army of tens of
thousands appearing before him were incomprehensible to Renri.
If there was already so great a difference just in language, then a
ceasefire and peace negotiations were utterly impossible.
Could it be that war was the nature of man?
Whether it was in this world, or in the Real World outside, or in a
world that might exist even further outside, were humans really
repeating an endless cycle of slaughter?
— How can be allowed to happen?!
Renri clenched his fists, holding back tears with all his might.

251

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Integrity Knight Sheyta alone had stayed behind in dire straits just
to protect the enemy, the Fist Fighters’ Guild of the Dark Realm.
She must have established mutual understanding with the people
of the Dark Realm by connecting sword and fists. Even at the end
of a path splattered with blood, there must be hope.
Then, I must fight now. I cannot blindly allow myself to be
protected and stand here dumbly.
Renri took a step towards the front line, preparing to rescue the
Real World reinforcements who were putting their lives on the
line in defense.
Just then, a feeble voice came from behind him.
“Esteemed Knight, I will go too.”
He looked around and saw the red-haired trainee swordswoman
Tiese, who was attached to the supply team, standing behind him.
She was tightly clutching a relatively small sword, a solemn
expression on her face, her lips stiff.
“… You can’t, you have to protect that man…”
“I’ve left that duty to Ronye… Because Eugeo-senpai, whom I love
the most, has…”
Tiese’s autumn-colored eyes glassed over, and she continued:
“That person lost his life to protect something important. I must
carry on his mission.”
“……… I see.”
Renri bit his lips tightly.
Even he, an Integrity Knight, had little confidence that he could
survive this desperate battlefield. He couldn’t be sure that Tiese,
who was not even a proper Guardian, could come out unscathed.
But just then, a new voice came.
“I shall go as well, Sir Knight.”
252

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The tall, female Guardian leader with tea-colored hair tied behind
her head walked forward from behind Tiese. She seemed to have
been fighting all this time; her clothes were utterly filthy, her
armor was filled with cracks, and yet her stern face was not
without the will to fight.
“I have not yet fulfilled my promise to Kirito. Right now, I cannot
abandon the people that child threw away his life to protect… and
this world.”
“Sortiliena-senpai…”
Tiese called her name with a trembling voice. The Guardian leader
smiled slightly and nodded at her.
Fighting not for honor, not for fame, but to protect something.
Renri seemed to feel the two women’s determination affecting his
own heart, resonating with him.
He gently caressed the Divine Instruments on his waist with his
right hand, and nodded strongly.
“… I understand. Then, I shall protect you… do not leave my side
no matter what.”
“Yes, sir!”
“We’ll leave it to you, Esteemed Knight!”
Tiese and Sortiliena responded firmly, and drew their swords
from the left sides of their waists.
Renri gripped his pair of Divine Instruments in his own hands,
murmuring deep down in his heart.
— Eldrie-san. Sheyta-san. And Knight Commander Bercouli.
— Like all of you, I have finally found a purpose for my life.
Then, Integrity Knight Renri and the two swordswomen took off
together, towards the battlefield spiraling with anguished wailing
and despair.
253

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

4
Koujiro Rinko raced back to the sub control room and sat into the
mesh chair previously occupied by Higa Takeru.
A few windows were open on the large monitor directly in front of
her, but the first one she looked towards was a small window on
the bottom. Displayed there was a three-dimensional graph
representing Kirigaya Kazuto’s Fluctlight status.
In the direct center of the reflected light, gradually shifting
between spectral colors, there was a patch of darkness
representing a «main body defect».
Currently, Higa Takeru was controlling four STL units, preparing
to mend this defect using the memories in the minds of three girls
in profound relationships with Kazuto. To do that, he had snuck
into the lower shaft, which was swarming with enemies, by
himself — wait, there was another person.
At that moment, the attackers were currently focused on engaging
«Ichiemom», who had charged in from the stairs as a decoy. But
even a steel-bodied robot couldn’t withstand much of the wild
spray from assault rifles. When Ichiemom was destroyed, there
was no doubt the enemy would think: What on earth were the
Japanese planning?
— Faster, Higa-kun!
As she spoke that inwardly, the sliding door opened with
a whoosh, and a man dressed in a Hawaiian T-shirt and clogs
rushed inside.
“How… How is Kirito-kun’s status?!”
“Higa-kun’s starting the operation now. Did the decoy work?”
As she answered his question with a question, Kikuoka Seijirou,
his breathing ragged and shoulders quaking, pushed up his
glasses, which were slipping down.
254

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“We tossed over all of our smoke grenades from behind Ichiemom.
It should buy us some more time before the smoke gets cleared
from the passageway, but if we don’t seal the partition after that,
it’ll be dangerous. We don’t have much time left.”
“Higa-kun said that it would take five minutes at most to show
results…”
Rinko closed her mouth, looking towards the monitor again.
Kirigaya Kazuto’s Fluctlight remained unchanged. She thought of
that old wives’ tale from America, “a watched pot never boils”, so
she clenched her fists tightly and moved her eyes to the center of
the monitor.
She saw a map resembling that of a fictionalized fantasy
world — no, in a certain sense it was precisely a map of a
fictionalized fantasy world, Underworld.
Compared to the full map of the Human Empire that she saw a few
days ago when she had first arrived at the Ocean Turtle, this map
showed a greater area. Due south of a circular mountain range
surrounding the Human Empire, there was an artificial landmark
that looked like it was comprised of four rectangles joined
together, resembling ruins. The dot representing Yuuki Asuna’s
current position, the blue pixels representing the Human Empire
Army, and the white pixels representing the Japanese
reinforcement players were all densely packed together at that
location.
The gargantuan patch of crimson surrounding them was the
American players who had dived in after being incited by the
attackers — or so it should be, but their scale was simply too
immense. Their number was already 20, no, 30 times that of the
Japanese.
Was that really okay? Rinko searched the image for the two others
apart from Yuuki Asuna, and finally discovered a water-blue dot
very far south of the ruins. That should be Asada Shino.

255

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Then where had Kirigaya Suguha gone? Rinko scoured the map,
and at last located a yellow-green dot far, far north of the main
battlefield. There was also a group of red enemies present there,
but Higa had definitely said that both of their login points were at
Yuuki Asuna’s coordinates. Rinko couldn’t help but furrow her
brow, contemplating a reason why —
Just then, she seemed to notice another white dot blinking
underneath Suguha’s gleaming dot, as if covered by it.
“………?”
There shouldn’t be anyone on Rath’s side diving in with an STL.
What on earth was that dot, then?
She unconsciously moved her mouse, carefully lined up the cursor
with the dot and clicked it once, opening new window. Rinko
scrutinized the tiny English letters.
“Um… Restriction, Confrontational Index… Threshold Detection…
Report? What is this?…”
Just as she was about to say, “I can’t make heads or tails of it”.
“Wha… Whaaat?!”
Kikuoka suddenly yelled loudly, cutting off his stare at the image
of Kirigaya Kazuto’s Fluctlight. Rinko leapt out of her seat in
shock.
“Wh-What’s wrong?
But Kikuoka didn’t immediately respond, instead snatching the
mouse from Rinko and enlarging the window she had just opened.
Then he brought himself right up to the monitor, muttering at an
extreme pace.
“Unf… Yes, there’s no mistaking it, it’s another Fluctlight that
broke its limits! But, why now?!”
Rinko’s eyes widened, and she looked up at Kikuoka, who was
furiously scratching his head.
256

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Huh… you mean, a second «A.L.I.C.E.»?”
“Yes, exactly… Ah, no, wait… This is…”
Kikuoka rapidly scrolled through the window displaying a
detailed log, and began muttering again.
“… Strictly speaking, it’s not of the same caliber as «Alice». It broke
the limitations of an Artificial Fluctlight not through its logical
circuitry, but its emotional circuitry… nonetheless, it’s an equally
important specimen. If only it could stay there and not move… Oh,
damn, it’s moving south, where the group of Americans aren’t far
away!”
Rinko snatched back the mouse from a distressed Kikuoka and
stared at the detailed log of the Artificial Fluctlight at the time it
had broken its limits.
“Hmm… Yeah, a new node was generated by a chain reaction in its
emotional zone… Huh—? Hey, Kikuoka-san?”
“Wha… What is it?”
Twisting his body and moaning in dismay, Kikuoka craned his
neck towards the monitor.
“What’s this external command plugged in here? It feels really off
to me… It’s much too deliberate… Almost as if it were created to
impede the circuitry.”
Rinko squinted, scrutinizing the code printed in minuscule font.
“Implant simulated pain… in the right visual domain? But then,
even if an Artificial Fluctlight spends all that effort breaking the
limits, it would be stopped by the pain created by this process.
You guys even placed such a restriction onto the Underworld
residents?”
“No… No, we didn’t do that. There’s no way we would, that kind of
action runs counter to our goal… That’s practically blatant
obstruction.”

257

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Hmm… Good point. Also, the programming style of this piece of
code isn’t the same as Higa’s… Ah, there’s a comment at the very
front… «Code 871»? What’s 871?”
“871? I’ve never heard of that number… No, wait… Wait, wait, I
think… Not long ago…”
Kikuoka suddenly began to move, the clogs on his feet slapping
loudly on the ground. He darted over to a nearby chair, seized a
dirty white coat hanging from its backrest, spread it open with
a whap, and stared at the inner collar.
“Hey, what’s wrong, what happened?”
At Rinko’s inquiry, Kikuoka, his eyes wide behind his black-frame
glasses, held the white coat out to Rinko, inviting her to look at its
collar tag.
There, clearly inscribed in black permanent marker, was [871].
“This white coat… belongs to that technician named Yanai who
just went down with Higa…”
Muttering that, Rinko suddenly halted her speech.
Yanai. YA NA I.
“… 8 7 1?”25
Rinko and Kikuoka screamed in unison, standing up at the same
time.
***
Fist Fighters’ Guild Chief Iskahn was looking at the approaching
crimson legion through his murky left eye.
After shrinking their surrounding circle to twenty mel, those
soldiers speaking a strange tongue had seemingly confirmed that
the Fist Fighters were depleted of their morale, and nodded at
each other.

25

“871” can be read as “ya na i” in Japanese.

258

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Then they emitted deafening, completely incomprehensible roars,
and leapt from the ground all at once.
With his shattered left hand, Iskahn tightly gripped the hand of
the female knight sitting beside him. She returned his grip very
quickly, causing him a reassuring pain, momentarily restoring
feeling to his numb left hand.
He lowered his head, and as he was about to shut his eyes and
accept the end, just then —
“……… What is…?”
Sheyta’s voice made him raise his head again.
He saw a vast group of troops storming in their direction from the
other side of the valley, north of the battlefield, kicking up a sky
full of dust.
They possessed great, rotund physiques, long, flat snouts that
curved upwards, and drooping ears.
Orcs.
“… Why?”
Iskahn murmured blankly. Having been ordered by Emperor
Vector, the Orc army should still be awaiting orders at the «Great
Eastern Gate» in the north. Since the Emperor had vanished, that
order should now be unshakable. In fact, the remaining Dark
Knights were also dully awaiting orders to no end on the other
side of the valley, not far away.
Confounded, Iskahn perused the battalion of Orcs and spotted a
tiny, tiny human silhouette running at their very front.
It wasn’t an Orc. Its yellow hair, with a tinge of green, was
billowing in the wind, and the limbs extending from its tender
green attire were so white that they were shining. Undoubtedly a
human, and a young female from the Human Empire at that.
But was this person, who looked like a tiny, tiny swordswoman,
heading the entire Orcish army?
259

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Seemingly detecting the troops charging in this direction, the red
soldiers surrounding the Fist Fighters stopped moving.
A blinding light exploded into being. The girl drew a silver katana
from her back.
In that instant, Sheyta’s right hand, which was gripping Iskahn’s
left, violently shook once, appearing to feel something.
When the human girl charged to the center of the bridge, she
raised her katana high into the air. At that moment she was still
more than two hundred mel away from the red soldiers.
But —
The girl’s sword and hands became blurred like smoke. Even
Iskahn’s eyesight was unable to capture that slash. A flash of silver
light was over in the blink of an eye, and then there was a
terrifying sight.
A dazzling ray of light sped along the dark ground — but not only
that; the tens of red soldiers standing atop that extending ray
were silently sliced apart, collapsing to the ground before they
could even scream in anguish.
The katana that had slashed downwards changed direction in the
girl’s hands, and sliced upwards with chilling speed. A second ray
of light penetrated the red legion, and the soldiers clad in heavy
armor were cleaved in half, carapace and all.
“…… So strong.”
Sheyta murmured in a barely audible voice.
***
Without a moment’s hesitation, Sinon raised her beloved gun,
Hecate II, which had transformed from the Bow of Solus.
She was currently less than 20 meters from Subtilizer. Much too
close for an anti-material sniper rifle. Even the act of locking onto
the enemy’s movements with her high-magnification scope was
very difficult.
260

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

As such, Sinon decided to determine the outcome of the battle
before Subtilizer made his move; she pulled the trigger the instant
she spotted a black shadow through the lens of her scope.
A flash of light. An explosive roar.
Intense recoil acted on Sinon’s hovering body, and she urgently
tried to control herself as she began to tilt and spin. Every round
would cause her body to move, so it was completely impossible to
shoot repeatedly, but as long as that shot just now had hit its
target, everything would be over.
With difficulty, Sinon stabilized her body, and looked towards
Subtilizer.
Then her eyes opened wide with shock.
The man standing on the back of the winged creature had raised
his hand, and his five fingers were curled into a claw shape.
In his palm was a vortex of darkness and light, spinning violently,
and in its center was a brightly shining particle; it was
unmistakably the bullet that Sinon had fired.
In other words, he could absorb that bullet as he had absorbed
Sinon’s consciousness?
A bullet capable of piercing a two-centimeter steel plate, fired
from a .50 caliber anti-material sniper rifle…
Slight fear emerged within Sinon’s heart. Along with it, the
darkness in Subtilizer’s left hand seemed to become fiercer.
“Don’t lose…”
Sinon breathed unconsciously, then yelled vehemently:
“Don’t lose, Hecate!!”
Bang.
With this sound, light penetrated darkness.

261

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

A great hole was blown through Subtilizer’s left hand; flesh and
blood spun through the air.
— I can do this!!
Sinon sucked in a deep breath and pulled back Hecate II’s bolt. The
ejected bullet casing glinted in the air and fell towards the ground.
Subtilizer looked down at his wounded left hand in silence.
Although a pitch-black, viscous liquid was currently patching up
the huge hole in his palm, a wound that severe did not seem easy
to heal.
He lifted his face, which was now devoid of laughter, and stared at
Sinon.
His right hand moved and retrieved the crossbow from his waist.
“…Hmph.”
Sinon expelled a bit of air from her nose. How could something
like that compete with an anti-material sniper rifle…
Flex.
The crossbow suddenly contorted.
The left and right limbs of the bow began to fold, and it elongated
to at least twice its length. The once-wooden structure began to
take on a black metallic gleam.
After one short second, Subtilizer’s right hand was gripping a
sniper rifle just as big as the Hecate. Sinon immediately
recognized this gun.
The Barrett XM500.
Like the Hecate II, it shot .50 caliber rounds, but it was an even
more advanced anti-material sniper rifle.
A warped smile appeared once more at the corners of Subtilizer’s
mouth.
“… Bring it on.”
262

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Sinon muttered, and forcefully pressed the Hecate II’s stock to her
right shoulder.
***
“Oh god… A-Are you okay?”
Yanai’s seemingly concerned words caused Higa to momentarily
forget his pain and shout:
“He… Hey, you were the one who shot me, and you’re spouting
stuff like that…?!”
“No, no, I actually didn’t mean to hit you, honest. I’ve no intention
of committing murder; it took a lot of effort for me to buy that
handsome condo on the west coast, but if I have to live my days in
fear, what’s the use in that?”
Once Higa understood that Yanai appeared to be truly serious, a
wave of weakness welled up within him and he lost feeling in both
hands. He knew that he was in trouble; he frantically pulled
himself together and examined the wound on his shoulder
somewhat timidly.
It seemed that the bullet had hit the cable duct, ricocheted, and
struck him somewhere underneath his collarbone. Higa didn’t feel
much pain; rather, an icy numbness began spreading throughout
his entire body from his right shoulder. The side abdomen of his
shirt had already been dyed dark red. This didn’t look like a mere
scratch.
Fear of the current situation, and of its future development, began
slowly climbing upwards from Higa’s stomach, causing him to
involuntarily begin to breath in gasps. A few meters above his
head, Yanai was still chattering away with a complacent look on
his face.

263

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“To be honest, I only wanted to slightly hinder your work, Higasan. After I destroyed the maintenance connector I would escape
to the main control room below. That way I would be able to get
away on the submarine. No one from Rath has died anyway, so if
my side can successfully retrieve Alice, then everyone will be
happy.”
“No one… died…?”
Higa demanded of Yanai, forgetting his pain once more.
“… If I don’t seize this opportunity to heal Kirigaya-kun, his
consciousness will be gone forever! The one who killed his soul
was you, Yanai-san! And you said that you aren’t ready to murder
anyone!”
“Ahh. Ahh… Riiight…”
Yanai’s face suddenly went blank. Under the illumination of the
orange emergency lights, his stubbled cheek twitched a few times.
“Hmm… Who cares if that brat dies.”
“Wha……”
“Because, he was the one who killed her. My most important
Admii-chan.”
“Ad… mii…?”
Yanai looked down at Higa, who was confused by the unfamiliar
name, and screamed like he was furious:
“Her Eminence, the Highest Minister Administrator of the Axiom
Church! I promised her that I would do my best to help her
establish total rule over Underworld. And I agreed with her that I
would safely store her Light Cube away if the server were to be
formatted.”
Higa’s eyes opened wide in shock.
The Axiom Church was the organization that ruled over the
Human Empire in Underworld.
264

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

It held total control over the entire populace by way of extremely
strict laws and powerful military force.
The reason Higa had not obtained the limit-breaking Fluctlight
«Alice» when she had first appeared was that, in the timeaccelerated Underworld, the Axiom Church quickly whisked Alice
away and applied memory modification upon her Fluctlight.
Yes, their speed was much too fast, and their methods were much
too effective.
As though they were completely aware of what an Artificial
Fluctlight was.
Yet the truth was just that. The Axiom Church — or at least the
Artificial Fluctlight by the name of «Administrator», who seemed
to be in charge, understood the structure of this world.
“… Was it you who corrupted Underworld?…”
Higa moaned lowly, and Yanai smacked his lips exaggeratedly.
“No, no, that kid came and contacted me first. I was working a shift
at the time, and then I suddenly heard a girl’s voice coming from
the speaker, it damn near scared the shit out of me… She had
discovered Underworld’s entire command list by herself, and then
opened a contact line with the outside. If we’re being technical,
you’re the main culprit for forgetting to delete the command that
called up the entire list, Higa-san.”
Neheheheh. Yanai chuckled deeply a few times as though he were
reminiscing about something, then continued with an
absentminded gaze:

265

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“I kept thinking that, at that rate, Underworld would immediately
be totally formatted. It was all going to be deleted anyway, so it
didn’t matter, and that’s why I secretly used an STL to go in and
see Admii-chan. And then… God, I’d never seen such a beautiful
girl. The kids that Sugou-san locked up in ALO were pretty cute,
but Admii-chan’s personality, her voice, and her manner, it hit all
of my buttons… — That kid promised me before. If I helped her,
then in return she would become my number one servant. In the
future she would rule the real world together with me, making me
a king…”
— No.
The corrupted one was this man.
Higa seemed to feel all of the hairs on his body stand upright in
fear. Yanai might be a silly traitor, but he was no idiot. What kind
of person was Administrator, to be able to beguile and control
someone like him so exquisitely?
Just then, Yanai’s seemingly reminiscent face went blank again.
“But… that kid’s dead now. Murdered… That brat not only
hindered Sugou-san’s experiment, he killed Admii-chan. If I don’t
help her get revenge, that would just be too sad for Admii-chan…”
Yanai widened his bloodshot eyes and aimed the gun at Higa
again. Automatic handguns would automatically cock the hammer
after firing a round, so the second shot would require much less
pressure on the trigger compared to the first. If his index finger
pressed just a bit, another bullet would be fired.
“… Yeah, that’s right… Yeah, I gotta kill at least one, as a sacrifice
for that kid…”
Yanai’s shrunken pupils trembled slightly in the middle of his
widened eyes.
… Damn it. He’s serious this time.
Higa couldn’t help but close his eyes.
266

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

***
— I won’t make it.
Sensing that Asuna, Klein, and Lisbeth far away had plunged into
dire straits, Leafa couldn’t help but bite her lip.
But before her eyes, nearly 3,000 red-armored soldiers were
blocking her way.
She had requested a favor of Rirupirin, who appeared to be the
Orc tribal chief: to bring reinforcements towards the south in
order to assist Asuna and Kirito, but the ones whom they had
spent a great amount of effort to locate were not those Human
Empire Defense Army troops.
According to Rirupirin, the few hundred people who were being
surrounded by the army that dived in from the Real World were
Fist Fighters, who were all attached to the Dark Army like the
Orcs. Leafa was bewildered for a moment upon learning this, but
very quickly decided to help them.
“I’ll charge into the enemy alone. Rirupirin, you guys group up
with the Fist Fighters, and you only need to fight back against the
enemies that attack you first.”
At this suggestion, Rirupirin protested fiercely: “I want to fight
too!” But Leafa firmly shook her head, tightly gripping the Orc’s
gnarled hands, saying:
“No, I don’t want any more of you to die. Don’t worry about me…
even tens of thousands of those kinds of enemies are no match for
me.”
After saying that with a smile, Leafa stood solitary before the red
legion.
She already knew that Terraria possessed sufficient HP and nearunlimited regeneration. Moreover, the people from the real world
in front, like her, had virtual lives. Even if it were too late to get to
Kirito and help, Leafa couldn’t watch the Orcs die in vain here.
267

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

After executing tens of enemies with her ultra-long range combo
attack, Leafa stormed straight into the direct center of the enemy
without hesitation.
For some unknown reason, she was able to activate Sword Skills
with ranges several times greater than those in ALO, without
stopping. Every time crisp light burst from Terraria’s GM
equipment the «Verduras Anima», a great splash of blood sprayed
in a radial pattern.
But during the cooldown time between Sword Skill and Sword
Skill, uncountable blades would seize this chink in her armor and
come flying. She was unable to evade all of them, and the number
of wounds on her body grew; excruciating, scalding pain threw
dizziness into her head and stars into her eyes — But.
“HA — AAH!!“
She cried sharply and stamped her right foot on the ground. Green
light erupted from underfoot and instantly healed all of the
wounds on her body.
Leafa endured the lingering pain, unable to be completely purged,
and concentrated on swinging the sword in her grip.
Even if every inch of her body were pulverized, she at least had to
drive all of the enemies here back to the real world.
Although her dive coordinates had displaced her somewhere
other than her intended location, if she had to name any of her
responsibilities, it would undoubtedly be to save as many
Underworld residents as she could. These were the people whom
Kirito loved and vowed to rescue.
“She’s such a boss!!“
Leafa used her left hand to stop a sword stabbing towards her
during that shout.
“Haiyah!!“
One mere counterattack vanquished the owner of the sword.
268

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Leafa clamped her teeth onto the sword stabbed into her hand,
wrenched it out, and spat it onto the ground along with a mouthful
of blood.
***
Their second shots seemed to discharge at the same time.
Bullets fired from two anti-material sniper rifles grazed past each
other, then deviated greatly in their trajectories and disappeared
into the sky.
Sinon did not lose her balance this time; she stamped both feet
hard onto air, suppressing the recoil. Before her eyes, Subtilizer
was also standing steadily on the back of the winged creature,
which was furiously beating its wings.
It was Sinon’s first time experiencing a space where all directions
were extremely wide open, and a battle pitting two anti-material
sniper rifles against each other. A game like GGO would naturally
not support player flight; moreover, the Hecate was supposed to
be fired with its bipod down and the shooter lying prone. The
recoil from shooting it while in the air was far beyond her
expectations.
This showdown —
Whoever was able to control their recoil and fire the next round
before the enemy did, even by just an instant, would win. Sinon
thought this as she pulled back the bolt.
Subtilizer probably had the same idea. As Sinon flew right to try
and outflank him, he began flying left to counter her.
At virtually the same time, both of them began hurtling around at
breakneck speed.
Under the condition that she didn’t lose balance, she maneuvered
around at sharp angles in arbitrary directions. While she tightly
captured her enemy with the barrel of the gun, she had to be
careful not to let the enemy’s barrel lock onto her.
269

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

But Subtilizer’s raised Barrett suddenly moved at a barely
discernible speed, seemingly predicting Sinon’s movements
before she could do the same.
— It’s coming!!
Sinon grit her teeth and opened her eyes wide.
Flames spurted from the Barrett’s barrel.
Sinon flew as fast as she could while twisting her body to the left.
The deadly bullet roared past her chest, close enough to almost
char the skin on her chest. Her blue armor split with a crack.
— Dodged it!
This was her first and last chance. She must fire in the instant that
Subtilizer had stopped to control his recoil!
However, by the time Sinon had raised the Hecate.
She saw another bullet flying directly at her.
Repeated fire — why?!
Ah… damn it.
Differing from the Hecate, whose bolt needed to be pulled back
with each shot, the Barrett was semi-automatic.
When this thought floated into her brain, Sinon’s left leg was torn
to shreds above her knee.

270

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

271

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

***
Making a stand against the despairing situation, fighting on the
battlefield until the very end, were Asuna, protected by a Super
Account, Integrity Knight Renri, a resident of Underworld, and his
dragon, along with Trainee Swordswoman Tiese and Guardian
Leader Sortiliena, who were being protected by the knight yet
bravely swinging their own swords.
Though her exceedingly exhausted eyes throbbed with agony,
Asuna watched as Knight Renri battled valiantly.
Around ten minutes ago, this diminutive knight had appeared
here at the front line, and immediately began lobbing out his
cross-shaped throwing knives. The throwing knives soared
through the air as they pleased, killing every single enemy who
charged towards them. This terrifying power was enough to beat
back for several minutes even the fury-fueled assault from the
neighboring countries’ players. The flames spurted out by the
dragon struck extreme fear into the enemies, solidifying the
Integrity Knights’ status as the true dragon knights born and
raised in this otherworldly place, Underworld.
But it didn’t take long for the enemies to notice. While Knight
Renri had cast out his throwing knives and was controlling them,
his person was virtually defenseless.
On his umpteenth time casting out his throwing knives, the instant
he was about to make a clean sweep of the very front line of red
soldiers, innumerable long spears were flung from the enemy’s
rear. The enemy was finally using the battle tactic that had
appeared during their battle against the Americans, which Asuna
feared in her heart.
The spears fell like a torrential black rain from the crimson sky.
Renri’s dragon spread its wings and body, protecting its master
from the first wave of attacks.
But it then collapsed to the ground with shattered scales and
spraying blood.
272

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Immediately, another wave of spear rain was lobbed their way.
Knight Renri looked up to see countless spearheads roaring his
way and spun around to wrap Tiese behind him in a hug, shielding
her with his body.
In the next instant, two spears buried themselves into Renri’s
back, forcing him to fall forward on top of Tiese’s body. Having
lost control, the cross-shaped throwing knives glinted once in the
air before splitting in two, then stabbing into the ground far away.
At that moment, in the other parts of the battlefield, the fighting
had all concluded.
Trying to outdo each other, the red soldiers pounced all at once,
lunging towards the Japanese players who had collapsed from
exhaustion, plunging sharp blades into their bodies. Flesh and
blood danced in the air, while feeble screams of agony ensued, but
were very quickly snuffed out.
A great many people’s armor and shields were wrecked and
destroyed, and they were pushed to the ground, utterly
defenseless. The tears of repentance running down their faces
were as unbearable to watch as the blood flowing from their
injuries.
The two thousand converted players who made up the defensive
array were completely incapacitated, until the Human Empire
Army being protected in the middle was finally exposed.
In order to protect the unarmed supply team and Ascetic team,
nearly 400 Human Empire Guardians had assembled themselves
into a circular formation and raised the swords in their hands.
Their faces were filled with an almost tragic determination as they
waited silently for that moment, preparing for the approaching,
unstopping red legion to launch their fatal assault.
“……… Stop………”
Asuna heard such a voice squeezed from her own lips.

273

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

It was not a voice emanating from the pain enveloping her body,
but a voice of despair and sorrow, of her spirit finally
surrendering.
“I’m begging you… Please stop…”
As she spoke, the rapier in her right hand fell to the ground. Tears
slid over her cheeks, splashing onto the mutilated blade.
But the red shadow before her instead emitted an expletive filled
with hostility, and raised its two-handed sword high into the air.
— In that instant.
A thunderous roar rang out, stopping the blade hurtling towards
Asuna and all of the battles taking place in various locations on the
battlefield.
“STOOOOOOP!!” The one who had bellowed at an absolutely
deafening volume was the man in the black poncho, who had been
observing the battle from afar until now. He was the ghost of PoH,
the leader of the murder guild — Laughing Coffin.
The neighboring countries’ players seemed to confirm that the
man in the black poncho was indeed the commander through
some sort of mark on him, and reluctantly lowered their weapons.
The man about to execute Asuna smacked his lips loudly and
sheathed his sword, but still delivered her a savage kick.
Asuna fell forward onto her face, but desperately pushed her body
up with her powerless hands.
She raised her head and looked, only to see a tall man walking
towards her, his black poncho billowing. He seemed to say
something to the surrounding red players in a low yet carrying
voice, but since it was in Korean, Asuna was unable to understand
anything.
Then, the red soldiers around them nodded one by one, and began
relaying some sort of message to their partners beside them.

274

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Suddenly, the man standing beside Asuna seized her by her hair
and yanked upwards. She couldn’t help but let out a scream of
pain, but the man ignored her completely, instead violently
dragging her forward.
The same situation was occurring all around her. They seemed to
be rounding up the surviving Japanese players into one place.
The man in the black poncho walked nonchalantly to the Human
Empire Guardians, who still had their swords raised. He turned
and waved a hand, making some sort of sign towards the man
with a fistful of Asuna’s hair in his grasp.
Then Asuna felt a foot kicking into her back and she flew several
meters out, landing on the ground. One by one, the Japanese
players were thrown around her.
There were fewer than 200 survivors left.
It seemed that health points directly correlated to survivability;
the remaining people here were mostly high-level players. Asuna
scanned them, but was unable to immediately spot the ALO Lords,
or the members of the Sleeping Knights.
Their equipment had either been destroyed or snatched away; all
they had left were the tattered clothes on their bodies. Many had
exposed skin that was criss-crossed with scores of wounds, and
even bits of sharp blades that had snapped off inside them. Yet
everyone’s faces were trickling with the same deep, deep
powerlessness and frustration.
Asuna couldn’t bring herself to watch them anymore. She very
much wanted to lay down just like that and wait for the end to
come.
But she still watched the converted players through her tearful
eyes, intending to thoroughly burn their appearances into her
mind.
Her eyes scanned the entire area once, and spotted a female
player hugging her knees not far away, her shoulders trembling.
275

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Her short pink hair was matted with dirt, her maroon clothing
torn to shreds.
With movements that were almost to the point of crawling, Asuna
came beside her and wrapped her arms around her best friend.
Lisbeth’s body suddenly went taut, then she rested her head on
Asuna’s chest. Her face trembled, splotched a complete mess of
blood and tears, and she whispered hoarsely:
“Everyone… I did this… to… everyone…”
“No… No, Liz!”
Asuna said tearfully in a loud whisper.
“It’s not your fault, Liz. It was me… if only I could have thought
this out more, if only I could have predicted this…”
“Asuna… I… didn’t know anything. How horrifying war is… how
painful it is to lose… I didn’t know anything…”
Asuna couldn’t think of an answer, and could only hug Lisbeth
tightly. Tears began to slide from her eyes. Then she heard low
sobbing, causing her to turn around and see Agil motionless on
the ground, and Silica kneeling beside him.
Agil’s injuries were so severe that it was astonishing to see him
still alive. Perhaps they were from long, intense battling in order
to protect Silica. His gigantic frame was stabbed with many
snapped swords and spears, and his limbs were smashed beyond
repair. It was a sight more wretched than any other. Asuna
watched him as he tightly clenched his teeth; he must be enduring
unimaginable agony.
Near Agil she could see Klein, sitting cross-legged and crestfallen
on the ground. His left arm had been severed past his shoulder,
and he had tied his wound with what could be called his signature
headband.
All of the survivors were in essentially the same condition.

276

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The man in the black poncho looked down upon the 200 people
sitting defeated on the ground, robbed of their weapons, armor,
and morale — and his exposed mouth split into a big, big grin
under his hood.
Then he turned softly around and looked towards the Guardians
of the Human Empire Army.
Asuna waited, terrified for the moment in which he would raise
his right hand, delivering the order to massacre them all.
But the man in the black poncho instead spoke something
unexpected in Japanese.
“Throw down your weapons and surrender. Then we will spare
your lives and those of the prisoners behind us.”
Momentary shock showed on the Guardians’ faces, but it quickly
changed into boiling rage. One of them took several steps forward,
facing the man in the black poncho directly; it was the female
Guardian leader, Sortiliena. Her sword had already been dulled
and blood was trickling down her forehead, possibly from fighting
on the very front line with Klein and the others.
Even so, this did not impede her beauty. Sortiliena yelled
resiliently:
“… What sort of joke is that?! You really think we would give up at
this point…”
“Do as he says—!!“
Asuna screamed desperately, interrupting Sortiliena.
Tightly hugging Lisbeth, she raised her tear-stained face and
begged wretchedly:
“Please… you can’t die! No matter how much you are humiliated,
you must live!! That is… our… only……”
Hope.

277

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Asuna felt her chest seize before she was even able to finish her
sentence.
But, even though Sortiliena and the Guardians still pinched their
lips tightly together, furrowed their brows furiously, and trembled
for a moment, in the end, their shoulders slowly drooped
downwards.
Clang, clang. Watching them toss their weapons to the ground, the
neighboring countries’ players who had tightly surrounded them
let out high calls celebrating victory, which very quickly turned
into a nonstop chant of their own countries’ names.
The man wearing the black hood quickly raised one hand, called
forth a few players, and gestured something to them. They
immediately nodded, went to part the surrendered Human
Empire Army, and walked into the circular formation.
Before Asuna understood what they were going to do, the man in
the black poncho walked towards her with crisp footsteps.
Even at such a close distance, she still couldn’t make out the
darkness underneath his hood. She could only see the tough
corners of his mouth and the black curly hair around his neck.
His mouth broke out in a contorted grin, and emitted a somewhat
cheerful voice.
“Hey, long time no see, «Flash».”
— It really is him!!
Asuna held her breath, and squeezed out the words hiding deep
within her heart.
“… You’re… PoH…!”
“Aw, what a nostalgic name. I’m quite glad someone remembers
it.”
At that moment, Klein, who had inched himself over with his right
hand, looked up at the black hood with eyes that seemed ablaze.
278

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“You… it’s actually you. You’re still alive… you fucking murderer!!”
Klein swiped at him with his hand, but the man’s boot easily
kicked him aside.
Asuna grit her teeth tightly and whispered:
“Is this… revenge? Revenge against the members of the
Progressors, who destroyed Laughing Coffin…?”
“………”
PoH looked down at Asuna in silence for a moment. Asuna could
see his shoulders trembling slightly.
Seconds later, he seemed finally unable to hold it in, and exploded.
His body twisted under his cloak as he roared with nonstop
laughter: heheheh, hahahah.
After his epileptic, deriding laughter finally concluded, PoH stuck
out his right index finger and spoke in a very sunny voice:
“Ah, hmm… how would you Japanese put it… I’ve been in the US
for so long, I’ve even forgotten all the slang.”
His finger twirled over and over in the air, then he finally snapped
his fingers.
“Ah yes, ‘Are you an idiot?‘ Simply hilarious, it really is…”
The man bent down, staring straight into Asuna’s face from an
extremely close distance. Only his eyes were shining very, very
brightly under his hood.
“… I’ll tell you then. The one who secretly let you lot of
Progressors in on Laughing Coffin’s hidden base, was me.”
“Wha………”
Asuna, Klein, and even Agil, who was nearing death, all opened
their eyes wide.
“Why… would you do that…”

279

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Naturally, because I wanted to see a bunch of monkeys killing
each other… but of course the most important reason was
probably this: I… wanted to make you lot «murderers». By you lot,
I mean the heroes who spent all day thinking themselves
extraordinary, the Progressors who did all that pretentious
posturing on the very front lines. The preparation work took
fucking forever… I had to send out a warning to the people at
LaughCof at the very last moment, and time it right so that they
couldn’t flee but could still engage.”
— So that was why intel on their operation to assault that secret
base was prematurely divulged? Asuna was shocked, but she
continued to think.
For this very reason, the Progressors, who had the advantage in
level and equipment, were instead at a disadvantage not long after
the battle began, and a few of them even perished. They were only
able to turn the tables due to the efforts of Kirito, who was a solo
player yet still managed to gain recognition for his strength. They
were only able to turn the situation around because he had taken
care of a certain leading force of Laughing Coffin…
“… That was… your goal?”
Asuna whispered hoarsely.
“To make Kirito-kun… shoulder the burden of having to PK…?”
“Yes. Absolutely yes.“
PoH confirmed Asuna’s inquiry with a tinge of fervor in his voice.
“At the time, I was concealed nearby watching that show of a
battle. When Blackie-sensei went berserk and killed two people, I
almost burst out laughing and blew my cover. The plan was to
drop you two later with Paralysis and then seriously liveinterview you guys to ask how you felt… But I didn’t expect the
game to end on Floor 75.”
For an instant, boiling rage made Asuna forget the pain of her
wounds.
280

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Do… Do you have any idea how much distress and suffering
Kirito-kun went through because of what happened back then?!”
“Oh, that’s wonderful.”
PoH’s voice was as cold as ice, creating a stark contrast with her.
“But, that’s weird. If he really is remorseful about that… typically,
he would never be willing to look at another VR game again, now
would he? Because of the guilt towards the people he killed and all
that. I know he’s here, I can feel it. Although I don’t know why he’d
be hiding in a carriage… Whatever, I’ll ask him in person.”
PoH smirked at the speechless Asuna, then stood up forcefully.
Amid the nonstop cheers coming from around them, a glacial,
chilling voice rang out:
“It’s show ti—me!“
He spoke his catchphrase from the time he had been active within
the darkness of SAO. Then he quickly he raised his right hand, and
right in front of him —
There appeared a wheelchair being coarsely shoved along by a red
soldier, and a girl in gray uniform desperately tottering along
behind it.
Ah…
Stop.
Anything but that.
Asuna prayed and pleaded miserably in her heart. Klein, however,
tried to leap up from the ground, but was immediately pushed
back down.
PoH bent down, looking at the wheelchair in front of him.
“……… Hmm?”
He made a surprised noise and nudged the thin legs dangling from
the wheelchair with his foot.
281

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“What’s this? Hey, Blackie, get up. You hear me, Esteemed Black
Swordsman?”
Even as he was called by his past nickname — Kirito did not
display any reaction whatsoever.
His body was clothed in a black shirt, but there was no concealing
the fact that Kirito was already so thin that it made one feel bad
for him. He leaned against the backrest, his head drooping deeply
downwards. His empty right sleeve wavered in the wind, and the
bones in his left hand, which were wrapped over two swords,
were poking at his skin.
Ronye rushed beside Asuna, blinking her eyes red from crying,
and whispered:
“Kirito-senpai… while you were all fighting, he k-kept trying to
stand up… although he quickly quieted down like he had lost his
strength… but… tears… tears kept streaming down his face…”
“Ronye-san…”
Asuna reached out her left hand and gently hugged Ronye’s
slender, quaking body.
Then she looked up and shouted shrilly at PoH:
“You get it now. He fought, fought, and kept fighting, and ended up
getting badly hurt. So stop messing with him! Let Kirito-kun rest!!”
But the man in the black poncho seemed not to hear Asuna at all,
and kept staring at Kirito’s face from an extremely close distance.
“Hey, hey, hey, you gotta be kidding me! How do we drop the
curtain like this!? Hey, get up! Hey, stand up! Good morn…
ning!!“
PoH suddenly stuck out his left foot and kicked the silver wheel,
hard.
The wheelchair was knocked over with a loud metallic noise, and
the frail body within it was thrown to the ground.
282

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Asuna and Klein tried to stand up at the same time, but were
pushed back by the soldiers’ swords. Agil let out a low bellow of
rage, while Lisbeth, Silica, and Ronye softly screamed.
But PoH took no notice of them at all, instead walking beside
Kirito, and coarsely flipping him over with the tip of his foot.
“What the hell… he’s really broken? The great hero is only a
puppet now?”
He seized the white hilt of one of the two swords that Kirito’s left
arm was still hugging tightly. Then, he powerfully wrenched it out
of its scabbard, only to see half a blade, and the point where it had
cruelly snapped.
PoH smacked his lips loudly, and was about to toss the sword
away. But —
“Ah… Ah…”
Kirito emitted a hoarse shout, and his left hand reached helplessly
towards the white sword.
“Huh?! He moved!! What, you want it?”

283

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

284

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

PoH dangled the white sword like he was tempting him, then
tossed it away at random. He then violently seized Kirito’s left
hand, which was reaching towards him midair, and yanked him to
his feet.
“Hey, say something!!“
PoH slapped Kirito’s cheeks with his left hand.
Asuna’s vision had been dyed pink with palpable rage. But just as
she was about to stand up again, Klein’s bloody howl had already
exploded into being.
“You bastard!! Don’t you fucking touch Kirito, you bastard — !!“
As Klein tried to swipe and grab PoH, a gigantic sword buried
itself into his back and pinned him mercilessly to the ground.
He spat mouthful after mouthful of blood, but he ignored the
growing laceration on his body, attempting to crawl forward.
“Only… YOU…!! Never… forgive…”
Crack!!
With a heavy noise, a second sword pierced straight through
Klein’s back.
Unstoppable tears flowed from Asuna’s eyes once more, as though
she were going to totally exhaust them before the day was out.
***
At that moment, the fear in Sinon’s heart was more for her
inability to freely fly rather than from the pain of an entire leg
being blown away.
Before now, Sinon had flown freely by stepping onto the air. But
now she was only able to quickly evade with her right foot, which
turned into a rapid descent as she spun around chaotically.
“Urgh………”

285

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Sinon clenched her teeth, changing her movements into the only
maneuver she could still manage — flying backwards without
stopping. The blood pouring from her left leg drew a bright red
line in midair.
She increased the distance between her and Subtilizer at the
fastest speed she could muster, while aiming at him and firing a
third shot.
But, the enemy chased after her easily, and the sniper rifle in his
hands also emitted a muzzle flash, firing a fourth shot.
The two bullets raced towards each other in the same straight
line, emitted a sharp dissonant noise and bright sparks the
moment they grazed each other, and then diverted from their
paths and flew into the sky.
Sinon pulled back the bolt, ejected her endlessly expanding fear
along with the empty bullet casing, and fired her fourth shot.
Two cracks of thunder overlapped each other. Two bullets
exploded into immense amounts of energy upon making contact
with each other, then each corkscrewed and disappeared.
The fifth shot. The sixth shot.
The results were the same. Subtilizer was obviously intentionally
coordinating and firing at the moment Sinon fired, making the
bullets collide with each other nonstop.
Such skill could not exist in GGO, let alone this world. But in this
world, imagination preceded everything. Not only had Subtilizer,
who was intentionally creating this result, realized this, even
Sinon had too; that was why this bizarre phenomenon of
supersonic bullets endlessly taking each other out kept
happening.
Even so, other than the three actions of pulling back the bolt,
aiming at the enemy, and pulling the trigger, Sinon was still unable
to do anything else.

286

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

The seventh shot gave off a sorrowful wail, deviated on a huge
curve left, and vanished.
Eject casing. Aim.
— Click.
As Sinon’s finger pulled back, the firing pin emitted a hollow
clicking noise.
The Hecate II’s magazine capacity was seven rounds. She had no
backup magazines.
Conversely, the Barrett XM500’s magazine capacity was 10
rounds. Two more left.
Sinon could clearly see the icy smile floating into being on
Subtilizer’s face more than 100 meters away from her.
Flames violently spurted from his raised sniper rifle.
Following her left leg, Sinon’s right leg exploded as well.
This prevented her from flying in a straight line, and she began to
slowly descend.
Controlling the recoil, Subtilizer’s pressed his right eye up against
his scope, preparing to fire the final shot. That eye that resembled
blue glass took over the entire lens, directing his vision squarely
onto Sinon’s heart.
— I’m sorry.
I’m sorry, Asuna. I’m sorry, Yui. I’m sorry… Kirito.
After Sinon murmured to herself, the XM500’s tenth round flew
out of its barrel.
The bullet traced a corkscrewing tail of fire behind it, accurately
flying along Subtilizer’s vision trail, shattering Sinon’s blue armor,
torching her clothes, and penetrating towards her body —
Bang!!
Sparks were ejected once more.
287

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Sinon widened her almost closed eyes, watching the long, thin,
rapidly rotating bullet be stopped by a tiny, tiny silver disc.
Directly in the center of the rotating white sparks, the radiance
shining from that metal barely two millimeters thick signified her
own resilient willpower. The instant she saw all of this, Sinon’s
tears spilled over her eyelids.
— I can’t give up.
I can never, ever give up. I have to believe. Believe in myself.
Believe in Hecate. And believe in that boy connected to this piece
of metal.
Sinon firmly raised the Hecate and placed her index finger on the
trigger.
Even if this weapon had transformed into a gun with her
imagination, its inherent system property would not
change — that is, the power of the Bow of Solus: the ability to
automatically absorb resources from its surroundings and store it
as attack power.
Then it was able to be fired. Even if the bullets within its magazine
had been depleted, the Hecate would definitely respond.
“Go… oooo——!!“
Sinon pulled the trigger.
What fired out was not an armor-piercing round wrapped in
metal.
A pure-white ray of light comprised of condensed, infinite energy
erupted in a kaleidoscopic halo from the muzzle brake, slicing
straight through the sky.
The smile vanished from Subtilizer’s face. The instant he tried to
move right to dodge it, the white light struck the Barrett.
An orange fireball began to expand, completely devouring
Subtilizer —
288

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

A deafening boom. An explosion.
Sinon felt the scalding gale press onto her face as she dropped like
a stone, and seconds later she struck the rock-filled ground.
She hadn’t the strength to crawl, let alone fly. The blinding pain
from her dismembered legs made it hard for her to even maintain
consciousness.
Even so, Sinon kept her eyes open, observing the results of her
direct hit.
Wind blew away the black smoke dominating the faraway sky.
Appearing there — was Subtilizer, still hovering in midair.
But he was not unscathed. His right hand had been completely
blown away by the explosion of his sniper rifle, and slight black
smoke was rising from his shoulders. The right side of his once
smooth face had been charred, and a trickle of blood was flowing
from his mouth.
Cruel, murderous intent finally revealed itself on Subtilizer’s face.
— Bring it on. I’ll take you on, no matter how many times.
Sinon concentrated her remaining strength, trying to raise the
Hecate.
Seconds later, Subtilizer looked away. The winged creature
underneath him changed direction and, tracing a thin wisp of
black smoke, flew directly south.
Sinon softly placed the anti-material sniper rifle on the ground;
simply holding it exhausted her beyond belief. The instant it
touched the ground, it changed back into the original white bow.
She used the last of her strength to raise her hands, caressing the
part where the necklace had snapped from her chest.
“……… Kirito…”
As she murmured, tears slid softly down her cheeks.
289

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

***
Leafa was now unable to spare time to remove the sharp blades
stabbing into her body.
All of the pain in her entire body mixed together, as though
needles were directly piercing her exposed nerves.
A few of her wounds were clearly lethal. Every time she moved,
the two swords piercing straight through her abdomen would
harm her internal organs, and the sword digging into her back and
out her chest had gone directly through her heart.
But Leafa did not stop moving.
“Ura… AAHHHHH!!”
As a great amount of blood splashed out while she roared
furiously, she activated a Sword Skill that she had activated who
knows how many tens of times — or how many hundreds of
times.
The katana «Verduras Anima» sliced horizontally towards nothing
with a green glow. After a moment of power concentration, the
curve of light around her expanded silently, and the bodies of
countless enemy soldiers were torn apart.
A few enemies seized the opportunity of her cooldown time after
she activated that huge skill, charging at her. She leapt back at the
last moment, but although she managed to dodge most of the
attacks, a long halberd still managed to slice off her left arm.
She stamped both feet hard on the ground to stabilize her body,
which had almost fallen from the impact…
“HAAAHHH!!“
Her sword slashed horizontally once, and three men expired then
and there.
Leafa picked up her arm that had dropped to the ground, placed it
onto her wound, and stamped her right foot hard on the ground.
290

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Flowers and grass sprouted from the ground with a flash of green
light, then disappeared. Her health was restored to normal, and
although her gruesome wounds were still present, her left arm
was reattached.
In this sort of situation, the infinite regeneration granted to
Terraria’s account could no longer be called the grace of a god.
Rather, a curse would be a more appropriate moniker. No matter
how many wounds she suffered, how intense the agony she tasted,
she was never, ever allowed to fall. She was not able to die, yet she
was not invincible; she was facing unthinkable torture.
The only thing that still kept Leafa going was faith.
— If it were Onii-chan.
He would never fall from just these wounds.
So I can’t fall either. It’s just three thousand people, of course I’ll
get rid of them all myself. Because… I’m… Onii-chan’s… the «Black
Swordsman» Kirito’s…
“— Little sisteeeerrrrrrr!!“
Crimson light shot from the tip of the katana in her grip.
Zoom! The katana stabbed forward with a low, metallic sound,
shooting out a gigantic spear of light that pierced directly through
the hundred meter-wide battlefield. The bodies of enemies were
twisted, and finally disappeared.
“… Huff… Huff…….”
Her rapid breaths quickly become mouthfuls of blood.
Leafa wiped her mouth, stood shakily, and a spear came roaring,
striking her right in the left eye and exiting through the back of
her head.
She staggered back a few steps — but Leafa did not fall.

291

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

She gripped the spear handle with her left hand and wrenched it
out in one go. A sensation that was not pain surged through the
inside of her skull.
“Urgh… Uraaaaaaagh!”
She screamed, stamping her foot violently to recover her HP. The
temporarily missing left half of her vision regenerated with a blip.
At a glance, before she had noticed, there were only around one
hundred enemies left.
Leafa grinned, reached her bloodied left hand forward, pointed
her palm upwards, and moved her clasped fingers.
Against the legion that came storming towards her, emitting
utterly desperate howls, she swung her katana with a
heavy whoosh.
“Eeyah… AAAAAHHH!”
The sword flashed.
Blood sprayed into the air as Leafa plunged fearlessly into the
obstructed center of the enemy legion.
Roughly three minutes later, after the final enemy had fallen,
Leafa’s body had been stabbed with ten more pieces of metal.
Her limbs lost all feeling as she wobbled and fell backwards, then
was suspended in midair by the swords and spears protruding
from her back that had hit the ground.
Listening to Rirupirin and the others screaming her name, as well
as the footsteps running towards her, Leafa closed her eyes and
murmured softly:
“I… did my best, didn’t I… Onii-chan…”
***
As Yanai pulled the trigger, a muffled shout simultaneously came
through Higa’s left earpiece.
292

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Higa-kun, dodge!!”
Huh?
Dodge… dodge the bullet?
While this dull thought floated into his mind, Higa heard the
whistling sound of something falling from a very high place.
Clang!
That was not the sound of a firearm discharging. It was the sound
of something falling from the opening of the cable duct high, high
above and colliding with Yanai’s forehead.
Yanai’s eyes widened and swiveled upwards. His left hand
gripping the ladder suddenly slipped.
“Whoa… Wait…”
Higa suddenly forgot the pain in his shoulder, clutched the ladder,
and brought his body as close to the cable duct as possible.
A wrench so big that one questioned where it had come from fell
past first, and then a small handgun still wafting the smell of
gunpowder crossed his vision.
Finally, Yanai’s unconscious body wedged itself into the gap
between Higa and the duct, then stopped.
“Hee… Heee!”
Higa’s shoulders unconsciously shrunk back, and he pressed his
back hard onto the wall.
Yanai’s body slid down slowly, smothering the stink of sweat onto
Higa’s shirt, inching past —
“……… Ah.”
As Higa made that noise, Yanai plunged 50 meters straight down
into the hole. Several clangs from colliding with the ladder
sounded, and then came a final boom as he landed at the bottom.
“………. Um.”
293

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

Is he… dead? No, by the looks of it, he probably broke two or three
bones… No, probably five or six…
Just as Higa’s cognition was about to halt, what sounded like a
scream rang out in his ear, interrupting his thoughts.
“Higa-kun… Hey, Higa-kun!! Are you all right?! Answer me, hey!!“
“………. Ah, no, I was just surprised… that even you can make that
sort of sound, Rinko-senpai.”
“How… How are you able to say something like that now?! Are you
hurt?! Did he shoot you?!”
“Ah, um…”
Higa looked towards the wound on his right shoulder.
The amount of blood he was losing was somewhat frightening. His
right hand had lost all feeling, and he felt very cold. Even his
thoughts were not as quick as usual.
But Higa sucked in a deep breath and, after collecting his strength
in his stomach for a moment, said as cheerfully as possible:
“No, I’m completely fine! Just a scratch. I’ll continue the operation,
please go back to monitor Kirito-kun’s situation, Senpai!!”
“Are you really okay?! I’m going to believe you, okay?! If you try
and trick me I’ll never forgive you, okay?!”
“About that… Just trust me.”
Higa looked up and carefully waved his hand at Rinko, who was
poking her head into view at the entrance tens of meters
overhead. The great distance, combined with inadequate lighting,
should have made it hard for her to see that he was bleeding.
“Then… I’ll head back to the main control first, and if the image
changes I’ll come right back! Good luck, Higa-kun!!”
The instant her silhouette was about to leave, Higa couldn’t help
but call out to her in a low voice:
294

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

“Ah… Rin-Rinko-senpai.”
“What, is something wrong?!”
“No… Um, uh…”
— Did you know? In university, not only were Kayaba-senpai and
that bastard Sugou obsessed with you, even I was too.
Higa wanted to say this, but he kept feeling that if he said
something like that, his own survivability would drastically
decrease, so he said something random to tide it over.
“Um, after this is all taken care of, would you like to grab
something to eat together?”
“… I got it, I’ll treat you to burgers, or beef bowls, or whatever,
good luck!!”
Then Professor Koujiro’s silhouette disappeared from Higa’s sight.
— She’s really cheap.
Come to think of it, on the scale of «famous last words», that
wouldn’t be too different.
Higa smiled bitterly, then turned back to the laptop in his left
hand. He placed his numb right fingertips onto the keyboard and
began carefully typing commands.
STL #3… Connected to #4. #5, #6… Connected.
Possibly due to loss of blood, the words before Higa’s eyes began
to double themselves. He shook his head and murmured silently
to himself.
— All right, Kirito-kun, it’s almost time to get up.
***
Through a curtain of tears, Asuna gazed at the figure of her lover,
praying.
— Please, Kirito-kun. I’m willing to devote my heart, my life, my
everything… So please, wake up.
295

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

— Kirito-kun.
***
— Kirito.
***
— Onii-chan.
***
……… Now… Kirito…

296

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

5
Kirito.
Someone seemed to be calling my name —
I was brought back from my light slumber.
Lifting my eyelids, I saw innumerable miniscule particles floating
through orange light.
My hazy vision gradually regained its focus.
Fluttering white cloth — Curtains.
A silver window frame. Old-fashioned glass.
A swaying tree branch. An airplane contrail slowly streaking
across the sky, tinted red by the setting sun.
I took a deep breath of the dust-filled air, lifted my upper body,
and saw a sailor uniform from behind, standing in front of the
deep-green chalkboard. A brush swished around, scrubbing away
the last words inscribed in white chalk.
“… Um, Kirigaya-kun.”
I heard someone calling my name again. I turned to look, and met
eyes with another female student peering down at me with an
expression that looked timid, yet somewhat cross at the same
time.
“I’d like to move the table.”
By the looks of it, I’d fallen asleep during a class meeting again, all
the way until it was time to clean up.
“Ah… Sorry.”
297

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

I muttered, then lifted my bookbag from its hook beside the table
with my finger, and stood up.
My head felt leaden.
It felt like the fatigue I had after finishing a really long — an
unfathomably long movie. I couldn’t remember any of the story,
but the detritus from countless emotions seemed to linger in my
mind. I shook my head hard.
I looked away from my female classmate who was giving me a
funny look, and took a few steps towards the door at the back of
the classroom, murmuring softly:
“What… Was it a dream…”
(To be continued)

298

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Chapter 21 - Awakening

299

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Afterword

Afterword
Thank you very much for reading Sword Art Online 17: Alicization
Awakening.
(Please note, there will be plenty of spoilers below!)
I deeply apologize for making everyone wait for so long after the
last volume, ”Exploding”. The meaning of this volume’s subtitle,
“Awakening”, means “awakening”, so does that mean Kirito-san,
who’s been slumbering since Volume 15, is finally going to wake
up?! Everyone might be thinking about that, but I’m terribly sorry,
because for a number of reasons, I can only leave you to wait for
the answer in the next volume, with a “Will he awaken…? Or
continue slumbering…?” cliffhanger. To be honest, I really wanted
to include the entire ”Chapter 21: Awakening”, but that would
make this volume very thick and Volume 18 very thin, throwing
off the balance, so I could only tearfully cut it off here. It doesn’t
exactly make up for it, but everyone shouldn’t need to wait too
long for the next volume. It’ll be the «next» volume after the
«next», so please wait for a bit, everyone…!
Now, I’ll talk a bit about the content of this volume. As Gabriel,
Vassago, and Critter have schemed, VRMMO players from the US,
Korea, and China mass-invade Underworld and begin a fierce
battle with the Human Empire Army and the Japanese players.
When I wrote this portion of the plot in the web version ten years
ago, it was because there had been an atmosphere of exclusion
against foreign players present in the world of Japanese online
games back then, so I hope that everyone can properly reconsider
that part after reading it. But since my writing ability wasn’t up to
scratch, I instead created something that resembled what happens
when anger is incited against a common enemy, and this has
always made me very ashamed.

300

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Afterword

While I was editing this into the Dengeki Bunko version, at one
point I considered completely rewriting this section, but then I felt
like that would only be fleeing from it… in the end I didn’t change
the general plot. As to how Kirito will resolve the enmity created
by the «Inciting PKer» Vassago/PoH, who is also beginning to take
action from the shadows in Progressive, please wait for the next
volume for that information as well, everyone.
Fifteen years have transpired since SAO was conceived in a corner
of the Internet. I cannot help but marvel that it has managed to
survive for this long. But now there will be a movie, video games,
and many other projects that will keep expanding the SAO world,
and I ask for everyone’s continued support from now on. Finally,
to abec-san, who so majestically and beautifully portrayed Leafa,
Sinon, and the others who charged into Underworld, and Miki-san,
who is beginning an all-new challenge as my editor, thank you so
much!
A certain day in March 2016
Kawahara Reki

301

Sword Art Online Volume 17 – Alicization Awakening
Credits

Credits
Translation:26
defan752, luacs1998
Editing:
CJ, David Ruegg, defan752, ZeHaffen, Shiina, DarthMewtwo,
FatedWolf
Scans:
http://ruranobe.ru
Illustration Editing:
Mttblue2
Consultation:
SAO Wiki

Thanks!

Compiled:
SAO Archive Team

26
Translation from https://defan752.wordpress.com/sword-art-online-volume-17-alicizationawakening/, https://defan752.wordpress.com/sword-art-online-volume-17-chapter-21/ and
https://defan752.wordpress.com/sword-art-online-volume-17-afterword/ on February 19, 2017

302

