Prologue

7


Prologue

Prologue
A huge castle made of stone and steel floating in an endless sky.
That was all this world was.

It took a vagarious group of craftsmen one month to survey the
place; the diameter of the base floor was about 10 kilometers — large
enough to fit the entirety of Setagaya-ku within. Above, there were 100
floors stacking straight upwards; its sheer size was unbelievable. It
was impossible to even guess how much data it consisted of.

Inside, there were a couple of large cities along with countless
small scale towns and villages, forests and plains, and even lakes. Only
one stairway linked each floor to another, and the stairways existed in
dungeons where large numbers of monsters roamed; so discovering
and getting through was no easy matter. However, once someone made
a breakthrough and arrived at a city of the upper floor, the «Teleport
Gates» there and of every cities in the lower floors would be connected
making it possible for anyone to move freely through these levels.

With these conditions, the huge castle had been steadily
conquered for two years. The current front line is the 74th floor.

The name of the castle was «Aincrad», a world of battles with
swords that continued floating and had engulfed approximately six
thousand people. Otherwise known as...
«Sword Art Online»

8


The Black Swordsman

The Black Swordsman

9


The Black Swordsman

“Please......Don’t leave me alone......Pina......”

Two lines of tears streamed down Silica’s cheeks, as scattered
grains of light burst from the big feather on the ground.
That pale blue feather was the remains of her sole friend and
partner for a long time, the familiar «Pina». Just a few minutes ago,
Pina died protecting Silica. Given a mortal wound by the monster’s
weapon, it gave out a cry in a sad voice before shattering like ice.
Leaving only its long tail feather which had always waved happily
whenever its name was called——

10


The Black Swordsman

Chapter 1
Silica was one of the rare «Beast Tamers» in SAO, or perhaps it
was more accurate to say ‘was once’. Her familiar, the symbol of a beast
tamer, was no longer here.

A beast tamer wasn’t a class or skill given by the system, but a
term used by the players.

On rare occasions, aggressive monsters would show interest in
players. If you didn’t miss the chance, you could successfully tame the
monster by giving it something to eat. The monster would then become
the player’s «Familiar» and serve as a valuable ally who supports the
player in various ways. Players referred to those who had succeeded in
doing so as beast tamers with a mix of praise and envy.

Of course, not all monsters can become familiars; only a very
limited variety of small monsters could. The conditions to trigger the
event weren’t all that clear, but the only one that everyone was sure
about was that the event wouldn’t occur if the player killed too many of
the monster type.
This was a rather hard condition when you think about it. Even if
one tried to get a familiar by repeatedly meeting them, the monsters
were aggressive and the player can’t avoid entering a fight with them.
In other words, if one wished to become a beast tamer, they would
have to keep meeting with the monster, and if the event didn’t occur
they would have to keep running away. It wasn’t hard to imagine just
how annoying all that would be.

11


The Black Swordsman

You could say that Silica was very lucky on this matter.

With no knowledge of this, she had entered some forest without
any reason on a floor she visited just because she felt like it. The first
monster she had met didn’t attack her, but merely approached her. She
then gave it a peanut that she had bought the day before without much
thought, and it just happened to be a food that the monster liked.
The monster was a «Feathery Dragon». Its whole body was
covered in soft, pale blue feathers, and it had two long feathers instead
of a tail. The small dragon was a very rare monster to come across.
Perhaps Silica had been the first to succeed in taming it, as it
immediately became the subject of much interest when she went back
to her hometown «Friben» on the eighth floor with it sitting on her
shoulder. The next day, countless players had attempted to tame a
Feathery Dragon after listening to Silica’s information, but none of
them managed to succeed.

Silica had named the small dragon «Pina». It was the same name
that she gave to a cat she had in the real world.

Familiar monsters were known to have low stats when it comes
to actual combat and Pina was no different. But they had a number of
special skills instead: a scanning ability that warned the player of
approaching monsters, a skill that healed the player a little, and so on.
They were all pretty useful and made day-to-day hunting much easier.
But what Silica was most happy about was the warmth and comfort
that Pina’s very existence brought.

The AI of a familiar wasn’t that great. Of course, it couldn’t talk,
and it could only understand a couple dozen commands. But to Silica,
who had entered the game when she was only twelve and was being
crushed by fear and nervousness, Pina was a savior that was hard to

12


The Black Swordsman

explain with words. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Silica’s
«Adventure» —— which meant actually «Living» here —— had started
with Pina.
After a year, Silica and Pina had leveled up smoothly and her skill
as a dagger user had become quite good. It made her rather famous
amongst the middle level players as one of their best.

Of course, she was still a far cry from the top class warriors who
fought on the front lines; but in some ways, those few hundred players
who were set on clearing the game amongst the seven thousand total
players were harder to see than beast tamers. Therefore, becoming
famous among the average players was pretty much the same as
becoming one of the idols in the game.

Because female players were rather rare, especially given her age,
it didn’t take long for «Dragon Master Silica» to become a famous
player with numerous fans. She received endless invitations from
parties and guilds who wanted an idol player and it was unavoidable
for the thirteen year old Silica to become overproud of herself. But in
the end, that pride caused her to commit a mistake that she couldn’t
turn back no matter how much she regretted it.
A fight over a minor detail started everything.

Silica was in a vast forest on the north of the thirty-fifth floor,
known as «The Forest of Wandering», with a party that she had met
two weeks back. At that point, the front line was already far away on
the fifty-fifth floor, so the thirty-fifth floor had already been cleared.
But the top class warriors didn’t care about anything except clearing
the labyrinth area, so sub-dungeons like «The Forest of Wandering»
was a popular target for the average player.
13


The Black Swordsman

Since the six-player party that Silica had joined was made of
skilled warriors, they had fought since morning and found quite a lot of
items, including a number of treasure chests. But when the sun began
to set and everyone was running out of healing potions, they started to
make their way back to the living area. A slim female player who
wielded a spear then said something, perhaps in order to keep Silica in
check.
“We’ll be handing around the items after we get back. But since
your lizard heals you, you won’t be needing the healing crystals right?”
Silica felt offended and struck back.

“You don’t even come out to the front and only hang around the
back of the group, so you don’t use crystals anyway.”
After that, the bickering had intensified, and the attempts of the
team leader, a sword-and-shield wielder, to stop it had been totally
ignored. In the end, Silica said in anger:
“I don’t need the items. I’ll never party with you again. There’re
plenty of people who want to party with me anyway!”

Ignoring the leader’s suggestion to at least stay with the party
until they were out of the forest and back in the living area, she left the
group and walked aimlessly down a small track.

Even if she were solo, she had already mastered seventy percent
of her dagger skill and also had Pina to back her up, so the monsters on
the thirty-fifth floor weren’t a problem for her. She would have been
able to get through the forest and back to the living area without any
problems. That is, if she hadn’t gotten lost.
The forest wasn’t called «The Forest of Wandering» for nothing.

14


The Black Swordsman

The huge forest was full of large, towering trees and was divided
into areas like a chess board; one minute after you set foot into an area,
it would be randomly linked via warp to a whole new set of areas. If
you wanted to get out of the forest, you had to either get through each
area within a minute each, or buy an expensive map from a shop in the
living area, which checked the areas your location is currently linked to
as you made your way through the forest.
But the only person with a map was the leader. Since using a
teleport crystal within The Forest of Wandering only teleported you to
another area in the forest instead of back to the city, Silica had to
attempt getting through each area. But running around the enormous
tree roots and following the ever-meandering forest trail proved
harder than she had thought.

Silica had decided to keep going north, but the minute mark kept
passing just before she could reach the end of the area, and she ended
up being warped to some random area again and again. Soon she was
nearing the point of collapsing from the fatigue. The red light of the
setting sun deepened and she felt increasingly anxious as the skies
darkened and her chances of leaving the dungeon grew more unlikely.

Eventually, Silica gave up on running and began to walk, hoping
that she would end up at an area at the edge of the forest by chance.
But luck wasn’t on her side, and numerous monsters attacked her as
she stumbled on. Even with her huge level advantage, as the day grew
darker she couldn’t even see what was on the ground very well.
Although she had Pina to help her, she wasn’t able to get out of every
fight unscathed and eventually used up not only her remaining potions
but also her emergency healing crystals.

As if it sensed Silica’s nervousness, Pina stroked her cheek with
its head as it purred on her shoulder. Silica regretted her rashness and

15


The Black Swordsman

pride that had gotten her into this situation while she stroked her
partner’s long neck in a comforting manner.
She muttered in her mind as she walked:

“I’m sorry. I won’t think that I’m special again. So please let me
get out of this forest the next time I warp.”

She stepped into another distorted warp zone as she prayed.
After a brief wave of dizziness, what appeared in front of her was the
same deep forest she had seen every other time. There wasn’t even a
hint of the plains in the darkness past all the tall trees.

As the disappointed Silica began to walk again, Pina quickly
raised its head and gave a sharp cry. It was a warning. Silica
immediately drew her dagger and raised it towards the direction that
Pina had been looking at.

A few seconds later, a low growl could be heard behind a huge,
moss-covered tree. As Silica focused her gaze, a yellow cursor
appeared. There were a few of them. Two, no... three. The monsters’
name was «Drunk Ape». They were one of the strongest monsters in
The Forest of Wandering. Silica bit her lip.
Even if that were the case——

They weren’t all that dangerous if one looked at only the level.

When middle class players, such as Silica, went out onto the field,
it was common sense to be several levels higher than the monsters that
appear. Normally, they needed to be on a high enough level to defeat
five monsters without any healing items on your own.

The reason was that, unlike the top class warriors on the
frontlines, the middle class players went on adventures to earn enough

16


The Black Swordsman

col to get by, to gain just enough experience to stay with the average
level range, and lastly to simply relieve boredom. Among these reasons,
not one was worth risking your life for. In fact, there were still about a
thousand players in the «Starting City» who refused to raise the
chances of dying by even a little.

But one needed a regular source of income to eat and sleep.
Furthermore, all MMORPG players had this disease-like quirk which
made them feel insecure if they weren’t at least on an average level.
Because of this, after about a year and a half since the game started, the
main body of players now journeyed onto the field with a huge level
advantage to enjoy adventuring in this world.

Therefore, the Drunk Apes, which boasted of being one of the
strongest monsters on the thirty-fifth floor, weren’t really a challenge
for Silica; at least that was how it should have been.
Silica raised her dagger as she forced her mind to concentrate.
Pina also floated upwards as it prepared for battle.

The monsters that appeared from behind the tree were
anthropoids covered with dark red fur. They held a crude club in the
right hand and some sort of gourd with a string tied around it in their
left hand.

As the apes raised their clubs and bared their teeth to roar, Silica
rushed towards the one in front to make the first strike. She got a clean
hit in and took off quite a chunk of its HP with «Rapid Bite», a middle
class charge-type dagger skill, and then went into one of the high speed
combos that was one of the greatest advantages of wielding a dagger.
The Drunk Apes used low-level mace skills, and although each hit
had formidable power, they lacked in speed and multi-hitting combos.
Silica rained blows down on the Drunk Ape and then backed away

17


The Black Swordsman

quickly only to charge in again to start a new assault. After doing this
several times, the HP of the Drunk Ape had greatly decreased within a
short moment. Once in a while, Pina also used its bubble-like breath
attack to confuse the opponent.
But just before she was about to launch her fourth skill «Fad
Edge» and kill the first ape...

A new opponent came from behind it, switching with the first ape
during the brief respite. Silica didn’t have any choice but to switch her
target and start attacking the second Ape. The first then backed away
and tilted the gourd with its left hand——

Silica was shocked as she glanced at the HP bar of the first Drunk
Ape. The HP bar was being filled back up at an amazing speed. It
seemed as if the gourd held some sort of healing liquid.

She had faced Drunk Apes in the past on the thirty-fifth floor, but
there were only two of them that time, and she eliminated both before
they had a chance to switch, so she wasn’t aware of this special skill.
Silica gritted her teeth and concentrated on taking care of the second
one properly.
But just as she knocked its HP bar into the red zone and widened
the distance between them to start her last attack, the other ape
switched with it. It was the third Drunk Ape. At that point the first one
had almost completely filled its HP bar.

There would be no end to this if it continued on. Her mouth
became dry with anxiety.

Silica had barely any experience fighting solo in the first place.
Even if she had an overwhelming advantage in level, it was only a
number; the player’s actual skill was entirely another matter. The

18


The Black Swordsman

anxiety that had appeared in Silica’s mind began to change into
confusion. She started to miss more, which opened the room for her
enemy to counterattack.

When she managed to lower the third Drunk Ape’s HP to about
half, her attempt to keep performing combos caused her to overreach.
The ape didn’t miss that opportunity and counterattacked, which
landed a critical blow.

The wooden club was crudely made, but the basic damage from
its weight combined with the Drunken Ape’s strength stat caused
Silica’s HP to go down by almost thirty percent. A chill ran down her
spine.

The fact that she had run out of healing potions added to her
nervousness. Pina’s breath restored about ten percent of her HP, but it
wasn’t something Pina could use very often. Even with that, if she were
hit three more times by such an attack —— she would die.
Death. Silica froze as soon as that possibility flashed through her
mind. Her arm wouldn’t go up. Her legs wouldn’t move.
Up till now, fighting had been thrilling, but it had been far from
actual danger. She had never thought that it was linked to actual
«Death» before——

As she stood frozen in front of the Drunk Ape who roared and
raised its club again, Silica realized for the first time what fighting with
monsters in SAO actually meant. It was a contradiction; SAO was a
game, but at the same time it wasn’t something to be played.

With the dull sound of a club rushing through the air, it struck her
as she continued to stand rigidly. She couldn’t take the impact and
19


The Black Swordsman

collapsed onto the ground. Her HP greatly decreased and entered the
orange area.

She could no longer think of anything. She could run away. She
could use a teleport crystal. There were still other choices she could
make, but she simply looked at the club as the ape raised it a third time.

The crude weapon gave off a red glow, and just when she was
about to close her eyes reflexively——

A small figure jumped into the space between her and the club. A
heavy and chilling sound of impact sounded. The sky-blue feathers
scattered in an instant as the small HP bar dropped down to zero.

Pina gazed at Silica with its round, blue eyes after it fell to the
floor. It gave a weak growl and then scattered into countless polygons.
A long tail feather floated down as if it were dancing.

Something inside Silica snapped. The thread that held her
together had disappeared. Before the sadness could come, she felt
anger: anger at herself for being unable to move after being hit just
once; and before that, anger at herself for being conceited enough to
attempt going through the forest alone just because she felt annoyed
about a minor quarrel.

Silica stepped back with a lithe movement, avoiding the blow that
the monster had swung at her. She then rushed in with a shout. The
dagger in her right hand flashed as it rained blows down on the Ape.

She didn’t even try to dodge the club of the Ape that had switched
in after it saw the HP of its companion decrease, but instead blocked it
with her left hand. Her HP decreased, although not by as much as a
direct hit. But she ignored it and went after the third ape, the one that
had killed Pina.

20


The Black Swordsman

She used her small stature to her advantage, charged straight at
the Ape, and dug her dagger into its chest with all her strength. With a
flashy critical hit effect, the enemy’s HP was reduced to nothing. A
scream came first, and then the sound of shattering.

Within the scattering debris, Silica turned her body and charged
at a new target. Her HP bar had already gone into the red danger area,
but she didn’t even care anymore. She saw only the enemy she had to
kill, as if it were enlarged to fill her vision.

She forgot even her fear of death and was just about to attempt a
doomed charge below the swinging club.

A pure white light slashed across the two Drunk Apes from
behind them as they stood side by side.

The bodies of the two Apes were each split into two in an instant;
then they shattered and disappeared.

As Silica stood numbly, she saw a male player just past the haze of
scattering fragments. He had black hair and wore a black coat. He
wasn’t all that tall, but an overwhelming presence radiated from him.
Silica stepped back as she felt an instinctive fear. Their eyes met.

But his eyes were silent and as deep as the darkness. The boy
sheathed his one-handed sword back into the scabbard on his back
with a clank and then opened his mouth.
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t save your friend”

Strength left her body as soon as she heard this. She couldn’t stop
the tears running down her cheeks. She didn’t even register her dagger
slipping out of her hand and falling onto the ground. As soon as she
saw the sky-blue feather on the ground, she fell to her knees in front of
it.

21


The Black Swordsman

As her anger disappeared, an uncontrollable sadness and loss
rushed out. They formed in the shape of tears and rolled down her
cheeks relentlessly.

Familiars weren’t programmed to stop an attack as part of its
normal behavior. Pina had rushed in front of the attack of its own free
will —— it could be called the result of its love towards Silica, whom it
had spent a year with.
As Silica clutched herself, she muttered while crying.

“Please... don’t leave me alone... Pina...”

But the sky-blue feather didn’t give any sort of reply.

22


The Black Swordsman

Chapter 2
“…I’m sorry.”

The boy clad in black clothing said again. Silica shook her head
and tried desperately to stop her tears.
“…No… I was… being stupid… Thank you…for saving me…”

She managed to force just that out as she stopped herself from
crying.

The boy walked over to her slowly and knelt down in front of
Silica before asking hesitantly.
“…That feather, does it have an item name by any chance?”

Surprised by the unexpected question, Silica raised her head. She
wiped her tears and then turned her gaze over to the feather.

Now that she thought about it, it was strange that only the feather
had remained. Be it monster or human, beings of this world usually left
nothing behind after they died, not even their equipment. Silica
hesitantly reached over with her hand and clicked on the surface of the
feather with her right index finger. The half-transparent window that
appeared showed its name and weight.
«Pina’s Heart»

Just as Silica was about to start crying again after seeing this, the
boy stopped her.
23


The Black Swordsman

it.”

“Wa-wait-wait. If a heart item is left behind, then you can revive
“What!?”

Silica raised her head sharply. She stared at the boy’s face with
her mouth half open.

“It’s something that was discovered not too long ago, so there are
still lots of people who don’t know. There’s a dungeon in the northern
region of the forty-seventh floor called «The Hill of Memories». It’s
quite hard despite its name… but they say that the flower that blooms
on the top of it is a familiar revival ite-.”
“Re-really!?”

Silica shot up and shouted before the boy had finished talking. It
felt as if hope had flooded her chest, which had been filled with sorrow.
But—
“…The forty-seventh floor…”

She muttered and sagged her shoulders. It was twelve floors
above this level, floor thirty-five. It was definitely not a safe area for
her.
Just when she turned her disheartened eyes to the floor.
“Hmm—”

The boy in front of her said in a bothered voice.

“I could go get it for you if you give me the expenses and some
pay, but they say that the flower only shows up if the beast tamer who
lost their familiar goes…”
Silica smiled at the surprisingly kind swordsman and spoke:

24


The Black Swordsman

“No… I’m happy with the information you gave me. If I work hard
to raise my level, someday I’ll be able to…”
“Well the reason you can’t do that is, they say that you can only
revive the familiar within four days after it was killed. After that, the
item’s name will change from «Heart» to «Remains»…”
“What…!”

Silica couldn’t stop herself from shouting.

Her level was forty-four right now. If SAO were a normal RPG, the
floor of the dungeon would be the suited difficulty for a player with the
same level. But since it became a crazy death-game, the safe area
would be about ten levels below the player’s.

In other words, to explore the forty-seventh floor, she would need
to reach level fifty-five at the very least. But no matter how she thought
about it, it was impossible to gain over ten levels in just three days... no,
two days if she took away the time she needed to clear the dungeon.
She had just managed to get to where she is now by diligently going on
adventures.

Silica dropped her head as despair took over her once again. She
picked Pina’s feather up from the ground and hugged it gently to her
chest. Tears appeared as she resented her stupidity and powerlessness.

She noticed the boy stand up. She thought he was leaving and that
she should at least say goodbye, but she didn’t have the energy to open
her mouth any more—

But suddenly, a half-transparent system window appeared in
front of her. It was a trade window. When she raised her head, she saw
the boy manipulating another window. Items began to appear one by

25


The Black Swordsman

one in the trade section. «Silver Thread Armor», «Ebon Dagger»… They
were all equipments that she had never even seen before.
“Errm…”

When she opened her mouth hesitantly, the boy explained
casually:

“These should cover for about five, six levels. If I go with you I
suppose it’ll be fine.”
“What…?”

Silica stood up with her mouth slightly open. She couldn’t tell
what the boy was thinking, so she looked directly into his face. But
because of the SAO system, all she could see was his HP bar; she
couldn’t even figure out his name or level.

It was hard to tell how old he was. His equipment was entirely
black. The force and calmness that radiated from him made it seem like
he was several years older than her, but the eyes that were covered by
his long bangs appeared somewhat innocent, and the feminine facial
lines gave him a slightly girlish look. Silica asked carefully:
“Why… are you being so kind…?”

To tell the truth, she was more wary than anything else.

Up till now, a couple of male players who had been much older
than her had tried to gain her love; she had even received a proposal
once. To Silica, who was only thirteen, these experiences brought her
nothing but fear. She had never received even a confession in the real
world.

26


The Black Swordsman

Inevitably, Silica had started to avoid male players that seemed to
have those sorts of interests. Besides, «there’s always a motive behind
sweet words» was common sense in Aincrad.

The boy scratched his head again, as if he were short on answers.
He opened his mouth to say something, but then closed it once again.
After that, he turned his gaze and then muttered in a small voice:
“…Well, it’s not like this is a manga… I’ll tell you if you promise
not to laugh.”
“I won’t.”

“It’s because… you look like my sister.”

At this really manga-like answer, Silica couldn’t stop herself from
laughing. She blocked her mouth with her hand, but she couldn’t stop
the laughter that was bubbling up.
“You, you said you wouldn’t laugh…”

The boy had a hurt expression on his face and sagged his
shoulders as he went into a sulk. That made her laugh even harder.
—He’s not a bad person…

As she laughed, Silica decided to trust the kindness of this boy.
She had already resolved herself to die once. If it were for saving Pina,
there was no reason for her to hold back.
Silica bowed and said:

“I hope we get along. You saved me, and even offered to do
something like this for me…”

She stared at the trade window and then put in all the Col she had.
There were more than ten pieces of equipment that the boy had
27


The Black Swordsman

28


The Black Swordsman

offered, and all of them looked like rare items that you couldn’t buy
from shops.
“Well… I suppose this is too little, but…”

“No, you don’t have to pay. They were spares anyway and this
coincides with the reason I came here…”

While he talked about something that she couldn’t understand,
the boy pressed the OK button without receiving any money.
“Thank you. Really…. Oh, I’m Silica.”

As she said her name, she half-expected the boy to be surprised
by it, but it seemed like he didn’t know it. She felt put out for a second,
but then she remembered that it was this side of her that made her end
up like this in the first place.
The boy nodded slightly and offered his right hand.
“I’m Kirito. I hope we get along.”

They shook hands.

The player called Kirito took out a map of the Wandering Forest
from the pouch that hung from his belt. He looked for an area that was
linked to the entrance and then started walking. As she followed, she
put Pina’s feather against her lips and muttered in her mind.
Just wait, Pina. I’ll revive you soon…

The living area of the thirty-fifth floor had a pastoral, farm-like
feel with its white buildings and red roofs. The village itself wasn’t all
that big, but it was the main adventuring area for the middle level
players right now, so there were quite a few people walking around.

29


The Black Swordsman

Silica’s hometown was Friben Village, which was situated on the
eighth floor; but since she hadn’t bought a house, staying at any inn in
any village wasn’t really all that different. The most important thing
was how the food served there tasted. Silica liked the cheesecake that
the NPC cook here made, so she had been staying here since two weeks
ago when she began adventuring in the Forest of Wandering.

As she lead Kirito, who was looking around as if everything
fascinated him, a couple of players whose faces she knew began to
strike up a conversation with her. They were trying to get Silica to join
their party after hearing the rumor that she had left her old one.
“Erm, well… thank you for the offer, but…”

She bowed as she refused the offers in order to not make them
feel bad. She then glanced at Kirito, who was standing beside her, and
continued:
“…I’m going to party with this person for a while…”

What!? Really!? The people who surrounded Silica said sullenly
and stared at Kirito suspiciously.
Silica had seen a bit of Kirito’s skill; but when you looked at the
black swordsman just standing there, he didn’t seem all that strong.

He didn’t have any expensive equipment on—he didn’t wear any
armor and only had an old and worn-looking long coat on top of his
shirt—all he had was a single simple one-handed sword; he didn’t even
have a shield.
“Hey, you—”

30


The Black Swordsman

The tall two-handed sword user who had tried the hardest to get
Silica to join walked over to Kirito. He opened his mouth as he looked
down upon Kirito:
“You’re a new face, but you shouldn’t cut in line. We’ve had our
eyes on Silica for quite a while now.”
“Well I didn’t know; things just ended up like this somehow…”
Kirito scratched his head with a troubled expression.

He could at least argue a little, Silica thought with a little
discontent, and then she spoke to the two-handed sword wielder:
“Erm, it’s something I requested. I’m sorry!”

Silica bowed low one last time and then walked away as she
pulled at the end of Kirito’s coat.
“I’ll send you a message next time~.”

Silica walked quickly, wanting to get away from the waving crowd,
which still wouldn’t completely give up on her, as fast as possible. She
cut across the gate plaza and into the main street.

When they finally couldn’t see the players anymore, Silica sighed
and looked up at Kirito.
“…I, I’m sorry. For making you go through all this trouble.”

“It’s fine.”

Kirito answered with a slight smile as if it didn’t worry him at all.

“Silica-san is pretty popular.”

“Please just call me Silica… It’s not because I’m popular; they’re
just trying to get me in their party as a sort of mascot, really. But… I

31


The Black Swordsman

thought that I was special… and went into the forest by myself… and
ended up…”
Tears began to appear naturally as she thought of Pina.
“It’s alright.”

Kirito said in a calm voice.

“We’ll definitely bring Pina back, so don’t worry about it.”

Silica wiped her tears and smiled at Kirito. Strangely enough, it
felt like she could trust the words of this person.

Finally, they could see a two-story building to their right. It was
the inn that Silica used often: «Weathercock Tavern». Now that they
had arrived, Silica realized that she had led Kirito here without saying
anything.
“Ah, where’s your home, Kirito-san?”

“Oh, it’s on the fiftieth floor…. But it’s too much of a bother going
there now, so I suppose I’ll just stay here for the night.”
“Ah, okay!”

Silica was excited for some reason and clapped her hands
together.
“The cheesecake here is really good.”

She was just about to lead Kirito into the inn by pulling at his coat
when four players came out of the shop next to them. They were the
party members whom she had hunted with for the past two weeks. The
male players that appeared first didn’t see Silica and simply headed for
the plaza, but the female player at the end looked back and Silica met
her gaze reflexively.

32


The Black Swordsman

“…!”

It was the face that she didn’t want to see the most right now. It
was the spear wielder that had been the cause of the fight which had
made Silica quit the party. She was going to just walk into the inn with
her head bowed low but...
“Oh, isn’t it Silica?”

The spear wielder called out, so Silica didn’t have a choice but to
stop walking.
“…Yeah.”

“Ho~, you somehow managed to get out of the forest. That’s a
relief.”
The player named Rosalia, who had her deep red hair in wild
curls, said with a lopsided smile.
“But you’re too late. We’ve already distributed the items.”

“I said I don’t need them! — I’m busy right now so goodbye!”

Silica tried to end the conversation, but it seemed that the other
side didn’t have any intention of letting her go just yet.
“Oh? What happened to that lizard?”

Silica bit her lip. You couldn’t put familiars in your inventory or
entrust it to another person. In other words, there was only one reason
why it wasn’t there. Rosalia most probably knew that too, but she
continued on with a slight smile.
“Oh, by any chance…?”
“It’s dead…. But!”

33


The Black Swordsman

Silica glared at the spear wielder.
“I’m going to revive Pina!”

Rosalia, who had been smiling with great satisfaction, widened
her eyes. She even gave a low whistle.

“Ho, so you’re going to the «Hill of Memories»? But can you get
through it at your level?”
“She can.”

Kirito declared even before Silica could answer. He hid Silica
behind his coat as if to protect her.
“It’s not that hard of a dungeon anyway.”

Rosalia looked up and down at Kirito with a blunt stare and then
scoffed:

“You’re another one that fell for her? You don’t look all that
strong.”

Silica started shaking with fury. She looked downwards as she
tried to hold her tears back.
“Let’s go.”

Kirito placed a hand on her shoulder, and then Silica began to
walk towards the inn.
back.

“Well, good luck.”

Rosalia’s laughing voice sounded behind her, but she didn’t look

34


The Black Swordsman

The first floor of «Weathercock Tavern» was a huge restaurant.
Kirito got Silica to sit down at a table and then walked over to the front
counter where a NPC was waiting. After he finished checking in, he
clicked the menu on the counter and then quickly returned.

As soon as Kirito sat down on the other side, Silica opened her
mouth to apologize for making Kirito go through such an
uncomfortable situation because of her. But Kirito stopped her by
raising his hand and then smiled.
“Let’s eat first.”

The waiter brought two steaming mugs over just in time. The
cups in front of them were filled with a red liquid; a mysterious aroma
rose from them.
“To the forming of our party.”

They clinked their mugs together at Kirito’s toast. Silica then took
a sip of the hot liquid.
“…Tasty…”

The smell and sour-sweet taste was similar to the wine that her
father had let her try a long time ago. But Silica already had a go at
every drink offered in this restaurant over the past two weeks, yet she
couldn’t remember trying this one.
“Erm, what is this…?”

Kirito smiled before he answered:

“You can bring bottled drinks with you to NPC restaurants. This is
an item that I had called «Ruby Ichor». If you drink a cup of it, it will
increase your dexterity by one point.”
“It’s, it’s really precious…!”

35


The Black Swordsman

“Well, it’s not like alcohol gets any better if I keep it in my
inventory, and I don’t know that many people so I don’t have many
chances to drink it…”

Kirito gave a silly shrug. Silica laughed and then took another sip.
The somehow nostalgic taste slowly softened her heart, which had
hardened because of the many sad things that had happened this day.

After she finished drinking, Silica held the cup to her chest as if
she still longed for its warmth. She then turned her gaze downwards to
the table and said quietly:
“…Why… do they say such mean things…”

Kirito’s expression turned serious as he put his cup down and
then opened his mouth.
“Is SAO your first MMORPG?”

“It’s my first.”

“Oh right — In any online game, there’re many players whose
personalities change when they wear the mask of their character.
There are people who become kind, as well as others who become
evil… They called it roleplaying in the past, but I think it’s different in
SAO.”
Kirito’s gaze sharpened.

“Even though we’re in such a difficult situation… Well, it’s
impossible for all the players to work together at clearing the game.
But there are too many people who enjoy watching others suffer,
stealing items—and even those who kill others.”

Kirito looked straight at Silica. There seemed to be a deep sadness
behind his anger.

36


The Black Swordsman

“I think that the people who commit crimes here are total garbage
back in the real world as well.”

He almost spat this out. But then he noticed that Silica was
cowering slightly, so he smiled and apologized:

“Sorry… I’m not even in the position to talk about others myself. I
hardly ever help others. I even—caused my companions to die…”
“Kirito-san…”

Silica realized that the black swordsman sitting in front of her
bore a deep scar within him. She wanted to console him, but she
resented the fact that words were too shallow to convey what she
wanted to say. Instead, she unconsciously grasped Kirito’s hand, which
was clenched on top of the table, with both of her hands.
“Kirito-san is a good person. You saved me.”

At first, Kirito was surprised and tried to pull his hand back, but
he soon relaxed. A soft smile appeared on his lips.
“…It seems I ended up being comforted. Thanks, Silica.”

Just then, Silica felt a painful feeling, as if her heart had
constricted. Her heartbeat sped up for no reason. Her face felt hot.

She pulled her hands away quickly and pressed them down on
her chest. But the aching didn’t stop.
“What are you doing…?”

As Kirito leaned forward over the table, Silica shook her head and
managed to smile.
“It, it’s nothing! Ah, I’m hungry!”

37


The Black Swordsman

After they had eaten their bread and stew, with some cheesecake
for desert, it was already past eight. They decided to turn in early in
preparation for going to the forty-seventh floor tomorrow. The two
went upstairs to the second floor, where there were countless rooms
on either side of the wide corridor.
The room that Kirito had rented was, by coincidence, next to
Silica’s. They bid each other good night with a smile.

As soon as she entered her room, Silica decided that before she
got changed, she would practice some combos to familiarize herself
with the new dagger that Kirito had given her. She tried to concentrate
on the weapon, which was slightly heavier than the one she was used
to, but the aching in her chest made it hard to.

After she somehow managed to chain five blows together, she
opened her window, unequipped her gear, and then got into bed in her
underwear. She then tapped on the wall to bring out the pop-up menu
and switched off the lights.
She felt a heavy weariness all over her body, so she thought that
she would be able to fall asleep easily. But for some reason, she felt
even less drowsy than usual.

Ever since they had become friends, she had always gone to sleep
with Pina’s soft body in her arms, so the wide bed felt somewhat empty.
She tossed and turned for a bit before she gave up on sleeping and sat
back up. She kept looking towards her left—where the wall that was
connected to Kirito’s room stood.
She wanted to talk some more with him.

She was surprised at herself as she thought of this. This person
was a male player whom she had known for less than a day. She had

38


The Black Swordsman

avoided male players up until now, but why did this swordsman she
knew nothing about keep appearing in her mind?

She couldn’t explain her own feelings. When she glanced at the
clock, which was at the bottom of her vision, it was already ten. She
could no longer hear the footsteps of other players from her window,
only the sound of a dog barking in the distance.
‘Well that doesn’t make any sense, so let’s just sleep.’

She thought that in her mind. But for some reason, she got out of
bed and stepped lightly onto the floor. After telling herself that she
would only knock and wave her hand, she opened the menu, chose the
cutest tunic she had, and put it on.
She took a few steps in the candlelit corridor. Then, after
hesitating for a few dozen seconds in front of the door, she knocked
twice.

Normally, all doors should shield sounds off, preventing the
voices in conversation from leaking out. However, that restriction was
lifted only after knocks, for thirty seconds, and Kirito immediately
called out a reply, and opened the door.
Kirito, in a simple shirt with his weapons unequipped, looked at
Silica and spoke while giving a slight stare of wonder.
“Huh? Is something the matter?”

“Well——”

Silica just realized that she hadn’t prepared a reasonable excuse
for coming and was flustered. ‘I just wanted to talk’ simply sounded too
childish.
39


The Black Swordsman

“Well, that err—ah, I wanted to know more about the fortyseventh floor!”

Fortunately, Kirito didn’t suspect anything and simply nodded.
“Okay then. Should we head downstairs?”
“No, well—if it’s alright, in your room…”

She answered without thinking and then quickly added:

“Be-because, we shouldn’t let anyone else hear precious
information!”
“Erm… well… yeah, you’re right. But…”

Kirito scratched his head with a slightly uncomfortable
expression, then...
“Well, I suppose it should be okay.”

He muttered, then opened the door properly and took a step back.

Of course, Kirito’s room was the same as her own: a bed on the
left, plus a tea table and a chair a bit further in. That was all the
furniture there. A lantern mounted on the left wall let out an orange
glow.

Kirito offered the chair before he sat down on the bed and opened
a window. He manipulated it quickly and called out a small box.

The box that had been placed on the table had a small crystal ball
inside. It shone under the light of the lantern.
“Pretty… What is it?”

“It’s an item called the «Mirage Sphere».”
40


The Black Swordsman

When Kirito clicked on the sphere, a menu window appeared. He
manipulated it quickly and pressed the OK button.

As soon as he did this, the sphere began to project a bright blue
light, and a large spherical hologram appeared. The image seemed to
be the entirety of a floor in Aincrad. It showed the villages and every
single tree in great detail, and was completely different from the
simple map that could be found on the system menu.
“Uwaa…!”

Silica stared numbly at the half-transparent map. It almost
seemed like it could show people walking around if she kept gazing at
it.

“This is the living area, and this is the Hill of Memories. You have
to go past this way, but… there are some strong monsters around
here…”

Kirito pointed here and there as he explained the geography of
the forty-seventh floor without pausing. Silica felt warm just by
listening to that calm voice.
“And if you cross this bridge you can see the hi…”
Suddenly Kirito stopped talking.
“…?”

“Shh…”

When she raised her head, she saw that Kirito’s expression was
hard and that he had a finger on his lips. He glared at the door with a
sharp gaze.

Kirito burst into action. He jumped off the bed at lightning speed
and opened the door.

41


The Black Swordsman

“Who’s there…!?”

Silica could hear the sound of running footsteps. She ran over and
looked outside from under Kirito’s body, where she saw someone’s
shadow running down the stairs.
“Wha-what is it!!?”

“…I think he was eavesdropping.”

“What…? But you can’t hear anything past a wall right?”

“You can if your eavesdropping skill is high enough. Although…
there aren’t… all that many people who would train this skill…”

Kirito closed the door and returned to the room. He sat down on
the bed with a pondering expression on his face. Silica sat down next to
him and wrapped her arms around herself. She was overwhelmed with
an inexplicable feeling of fear.
“Why was the person eavesdropping…?”

“We’ll find out soon, probably. I have a message to send, so could
you wait a bit?”

Kirito smiled slightly before he put the crystal map away and
opened a window. He started moving his fingers on top of the
holographic keyboard.

Silica curled up on his bed. A distant memory from the real world
came back to her. Her father was a reporter. He was always in front of
an old PC, typing something with a serious expression. Silica liked to
watch the back of her father as he did that.

She didn’t feel afraid anymore. As she watched the side of Kirito’s
face from behind, it felt as if she were enveloped in a warmth that she
42


The Black Swordsman

had forgotten for so long. Before she knew it, her eyes had closed
themselves.

43


The Black Swordsman

Chapter 3
Silica awoke to a chiming noise that was sounding in her ear. It
was a morning alarm that only she could hear. The time set was seven
in the morning.

She pulled the blanket off herself and sat up. It was usually hard
to get up in the mornings, but today she was able to open her eyes in a
good mood. Her head felt fresh, as if everything had been washed away
by the deep sleep.
After stretching, Silica was just about to get off the bed when she
froze.

There was a person sleeping with his back to the bed; the
morning sunlight that was shining through the window fell on him. Just
as Silica drew a breath to scream, thinking that it was an intruder, she
remembered where she had fallen asleep last night.
——I, in Kirito-san’s room…

As soon as she realized that fact, her face grew hot as if she had
been hit by a fire breath attack. Since emotions were rather overstated
in SAO, steam might really be coming off her face right now. It seemed
that Kirito left Silica on the bed and slept on the floor. Silica groaned as
she covered her face with her hands out of embarrassment and regret.

After taking a few dozen seconds to calm herself down, Silica
quietly got off the bed and stood up. She then walked over to Kirito
with silent footsteps and stared at his face.

44


The Black Swordsman

The sleeping face of the black swordsman looked so innocent that
Silica couldn’t stop herself from smiling. She had thought that he was
quite a bit older than her because of his sharp gaze. But surprisingly,
now that she saw him like this, he didn’t seem all that different from
her.

It was fun watching his sleeping face; but Silica couldn’t stay like
this forever, so she softly prodded the black swordsman’s shoulder and
spoke to him.
“Kirito-san, it’s morning~.”

Kirito opened his eyes widely and blinked several times as he
stared blankly at Silica’s face for a while. Then his expression quickly
changed into one of embarrassment.
“Ah... So-sorry!”

He suddenly lowered his head.

“I thought of waking you up but you were so deep asleep... and I
couldn’t open the door to your room, so...”

Rooms that players rented were impenetrable system-wise, so
there was no way you could get in unless you were a friend of the
player. Silica quickly waved her hand and said:
“No, no, I’m the one who’s sorry! For taking over your bed... “

“No, it’s fine. You don’t get any muscle aches here no matter how
you sleep.”

After standing up, Kirito stretched his neck, which made cracking
noises contradictory to what he just said. He then raised his arms and
stretched them. He looked at Silica as if he had just thought of
something before opening his mouth:

45


The Black Swordsman

“...Anyway, good morning.”

“Go-good morning.”

The two looked at each other and smiled.
It was already bright when they stepped outside after eating a
solid meal in preparation for «The Hill of Memories» on the fortyseventh floor. The players who were preparing to start their day and
the players that had just returned from their nightly adventures came
and went with contrasting expressions.
After replenishing their potion supplies at the shop next to the
inn, the two headed for the gate plaza. Luckily, they managed to make
it to the teleport gate without running into anyone who wanted Silica
in their party like yesterday. Just as she was about to run to the
shimmering blue teleport area, Silica stopped.

“Ah... I, don’t know the name of the village on the forty-seventh
floor...”

She was about to check the map for the name when Kirito offered
his right hand.
“It’s fine. I’ll designate the place.”

Silica felt grateful as she took his hand.

“Teleport! Floria!”

As soon as Kirito said this, a blinding light covered both of them.

After the light faded, the feeling of transportation followed and
countless colors exploded in Silica’s vision.
“Uwa...”

46


The Black Swordsman

She shouted unconsciously.

The gate plaza of the forty-seventh floor was overflowing with
flowers. Two small paths cut across the plaza in a cross shape. Aside
from that, the rest of the space was taken up entirely by flower beds,
each of them surrounded by red bricks and filled with flowers that she
didn’t know.
“Amazing...”

“This floor’s also called the «Flower Garden», as not only the
village but the whole floor is covered with flowers. If we had the time,
we could also go to the «Forest of Giant Flowers» to the north...”
“I’ll look forward to that some other time.”

Silica smiled at Kirito before she crouched in front of a flower bed.
She put her face closer to a bluish flower that was similar to a
cornflower and sniffed it.

The flower was made with surprisingly high detail: from the veins
of the flower, its five petals, the white stamen, and up to the green stem.

Of course not everything in Aincrad, including this flowerbed, as
well as all the other plants and buildings, existed in such a detailed
form all the time. If they did that, then even SAO’s mainframe, however
high its performance was, would run into a shortage of system
resources.
To avoid that while giving the players a highly detailed
environment as close to reality as possible, SAO used the «Digital
Focusing System». It was a system that brought out the finer details of
an object only when a player showed interest and focused on it.

47


The Black Swordsman

After she heard of this system, Silica became afraid that showing
interest in things would strain the system; but she couldn’t hold herself
back right now and kept staring at the various flowers.

When she finally managed to stop herself from walking
unconsciously while enjoying the fragrance, Silica took a look around.

Most of the people here were couples consisting of a male and a
female. All of them were happily conversing with each other, either
holding one another’s hands or had their arms linked. It seemed that
this place had become one of those places. Silica looked up at Kirito,
who was thoughtlessly standing next to her.
——Would we look like that as well...?

After thinking this, Silica said loudly to cover up the fact that she
was blushing:
“Let-let’s go out to the field quickly!”
“Huh? Ah, yeah.”

Kirito stood blinking for a second before he nodded and began
walking next to Silica.

They left the gate plaza only to find out that even the main street
of the village was covered with flowers. As the two walked next to each
other, Silica thought about when she had first met Kirito. She couldn’t
believe that only a day had passed since then. The swordsman had
already become a significant presence in her heart.

She glanced his way and wondered how he felt, but Kirito still had
a mysterious feel and it was hard to tell what he was thinking. Silica
hesitated for a while before she prepared herself and opened her
mouth:

48


The Black Swordsman

“Ermm... Kirito-san. Can I ask about your little sister...”
“Wh-why all of a sudden?”

“You said that I reminded you of her. So, I was just curious...”

Talking about the real world was one of the greatest taboos in
Aincrad. There were a lot of reasons, but the biggest one was that if the
thought ‘this world is virtual and therefore fake’ embedded itself deep
within the players’ minds, then they wouldn’t be able to accept the
«death» in SAO as real.

But she wanted to ask about Kirito’s little sister, whom he said
was like her. She wanted to know if Kirito wanted something from her
as a little sister.
“...We weren’t...all that close...”

Kirito started talking.

“I said that she was my little sister, but she’s actually my cousin.
Because of some circumstances, she grew up with us ever since she
was born. She doesn’t know this though. Well, maybe it’s because of
this... but I kept distancing myself from her without really meaning to. I
even avoided running into her at home.”
A small sigh came from Kirito.

“...On top of that, we had a strict grandfather. He forced me to go
to a kendo dojo when I was eight, but I couldn’t really get into it and
stopped after two years. My grandfather had hit me pretty hard... but
when he did that, my sister started crying and protected me by saying
that she’ll do even my share to make him stop hitting me. After that, I
began playing on the computer and lost myself in it, but my sister
really devoted herself to kendo and even made it pretty far in the

49


The Black Swordsman

national championships before our grandfather passed away. It was
enough to make even him pleased... But I always felt sorry; I always
wondered if that were really something she wanted to do and if she
resented me. I kept avoiding her because of that... and now we ended
up like this.”
Kirito stopped talking and glanced down at Silica’s face.

“So I might have saved you to satisfy myself, to atone for my past...
Sorry.”

Silica was an only child so she couldn’t completely grasp all of
what Kirito said. But for some reason, she felt as if she could
understand his little sister.

“...I don’t think your little sister resents you, Kirito-san. If she
didn’t like it, then she wouldn’t have been able to work so hard at it.
She most probably liked kendo very much.”
As Silica said this, choosing her words carefully, Kirito smiled.

“It seems I’m the one who keeps getting comforted... Is it really
like that? ...It would be nice if it is.”

Silica felt something warm spread in her heart. She was happy
that Kirito had opened up to her.

The two soon arrived at the north entrance of the village.
Countless white flowers grew from the vines that were coiled around
the slim, silver-colored metal arch. The main street passed through it
and stretched on to become a highway surrounded by green hills
before disappearing into the haze.
“Well... our adventure finally starts.”
“Yeah.”

50


The Black Swordsman

Silica pulled herself away from Kirito’s arm, steadied her
expression, and nodded.

“With your level and equipment, the monsters around here
shouldn’t be too difficult for you to beat. But...”

As he said this, Kirito rummaged through the pouch hanging on
his belt, took out a sky blue crystal, and then placed it in Silica’s hand. It
was a Teleport Crystal.

“You don’t know what’s going to happen on the field. So keep this
in mind. If something unexpected happens and I tell you to get away,
then use that crystal to leave. Any village is fine. You don’t have to
worry about me.”
“Bu-but...”

“Promise me. I’ve... destroyed a whole party before. I don’t want
to repeat the same mistake again.”

Kirito’s expression was so serious that Silica couldn’t do anything
but nod. After Kirito received her answer he smiled in relief.
“Then, let’s go!”

“Okay!”

Silica made sure of the feel of the dagger equipped at her side and
resolved in her mind; she at least wouldn’t become confused like
yesterday and she would fight to the best of her ability.
But——

“Kya-aaaaaah!? What’s that—!? It, it looks horrible——-!!”

51


The Black Swordsman

They had met their first monster only a few minutes after they
started walking in a northward direction on the fields of the fortyseventh floor.
“U-uwaa!! Go away——!”

The thing that appeared and was making its way through the
bushes had a form that Silica would never have imagined. «A walking
flower» would be the best description. The dark green stem was about
as thick as a human arm and it stood up using its roots, which was split
in numerous places. The stem or body supported a huge yellow flower
that was similar to a sunflower. It had its mouth open, with teeth
spouting out of it, revealing flashes of the red from the inside.

It had two vines that stretched out from the middle part of the
stem, which made one think of the arms an animal had. It seemed that
those arms and its mouth were the bodyparts it used for attacking. The
man-eating plant ran towards Silica with a smiling mouth while
swinging its tentacle-like arms. This thing that looked like a grotesque
caricature made Silica feel disgusted.
“I said go away——!”

Silica swung her dagger wildly with her eyes almost closed. Kirito,
who stood next to her, said in a disconcerted voice:
“It-it’s fine. That monster’s really weak. If you aim for the white
bit just under the flower, then you can easily...”
“Bu-but it looks horrible—!”

“If that thing looks bad then this is going to be hard. There’s also a
monster that has numerous flowers, and one that looks like a
carnivorous plant, and even one that has lots of sticky tentacles...
52


The Black Swordsman

“Kya——!!”

As she screamed at what Kirito said, Silica activated a sword skill;
of course, it simply cut through the empty air. During the short delay
after that, the two tentacles wrapped themselves around Silica’s two
legs and lifted her up with surprising strength.
“Uwah!?”

Silica found herself hanging upside down with her vision
reversed while her skirt, faithful to the virtual gravity, slid down.
“Uaaa!?”

She quickly pressed down on the end of her skirt and tried to cut
the vine. But since she was in an awkward position, it didn’t work out
very well. Silica shouted with her face red:
“Ki-Kirito-san, help! Help but don’t look!!”
“Tha-that’s impossible.”

With his left hand covering his eyes, Kirito answered with an
uncomfortable expression while the huge flower continued to swing
Silica to and fro.
“Stop!”

Silica didn’t have a choice but to let go of her skirt, grab onto the
vine, and cut it. The back of the flower’s neck came within reach as she
fell and she initiated a sword skill. This time it struck the mark, and as
the flower’s head fell off, its whole body exploded and vanished. Silica,
who landed lightly amidst a rain of polygon debris, asked Kirito as
soon as she turned around.
“...Did you see?”

53


The Black Swordsman

54


The Black Swordsman

The black swordsman looked down at Silica through the gaps
between his fingers and answered:
“...No, I didn’t.”

They went through five more battles to get used to the monsters
before increasing their pace; although she almost fainted when a
monster that looked like a sea anemone grabbed her with its sticky
tentacles.
Kirito didn’t participate much in the battles and mostly just
supported Silica, occasionally blocking attacks when Silica was in
danger. The party experience is divided according to the amount of
damage each party member dealt to the monster. Since she was
defeating high-leveled monsters, she also gained experience points
several times faster than usual and quickly rose a level.

As they kept following the endless red brick road, a bridge that
led over a small stream appeared. Beyond it they could see a large hill,
and the path seemed to lead to its top.
“That’s the «Hill of Memories».”

“There doesn’t appear to be any forks.”

“Yeah. We just have to keep going up, so there’re no worries
about getting lost. But they say that there are lots of monsters. Let’s be
careful.”
“Okay!”

Soon, soon she could revive Pina. When she thought of this, her
footsteps hastened naturally.
55


The Black Swordsman

As they started walking along the uphill path that was full of
blooming flowers, they ran into more monsters just like Kirito had
predicted. The plant type monsters were also much bigger, but Silica’s
black dagger was much stronger than she had thought, allowing her to
defeat most of them with a single combo.
But Kirito’s skill was even more surprising.

She had thought that he was a pretty high-level swordsman after
seeing him defeat two drunken apes with a single swing of his sword.
But even after coming up twelve floors, he still didn’t lose a single bit of
his composure. When a large number of monsters appeared, he helped
Silica by just taking out all of them except one.
As they continued, Silica couldn’t help but wonder what such a
high-level player was doing on the thirty-fifth floor.

Based on what he said, it seemed like he had something to do in
the «Forest of Wandering». But she had never heard of any rare items
or monsters there.

Let’s ask him after this adventure is over—— Silica thought as
she swung her dagger; yet even as she did this, the narrow path began
to gradually get steeper. As they defeated the increasingly aggressive
monsters and made their way through the densely wooded area——
They arrived at the top of the hill.
“Uwa—!”

Silica held herself back as she ran forward a couple of steps and
exclaimed.

56


The Black Swordsman

Sky garden—— this was truly a place that suited its name. The
open space surrounded by the dense woods was full of flowers
contending against themselves as they bloomed.
“We’re finally here.”

Kirito said as he walked toward Silica and sheathed his sword.
“The flower… Is it here…?”

“Yeah. There’s a stone in the middle and on top of it…”

Silica was already running before Kirito even finished talking. She
could definitely see a shining white stone in the middle of the flower
beds. She ran towards it, panting, and then carefully examined the top
of the rock that came up to about her chest.
“Huh……?”

But there was nothing there. There was only a small bit grass in
the middle of an indent in the rock; there was nothing that one could
call a flower.
“It’s… It’s not here, Kirito-san!”

She shouted at Kirito, who had run up to her side. Tears started to
appear in her eyes.
“There’s no way… ——Ah, look.”

—

Silica followed Kirito’s gaze and looked back at the stone. Then—
“Ah…”

A small sprout grew out from amidst the soft grass. As she stared
at it, the focus system activated and the young plant became more
57


The Black Swordsman

detailed. Two white leaves opened up like a clam and a stem quickly
grew out from in between.

The stem grew tall in the blink of an eye, just like in that video she
had seen during a science class ages ago, and then a small bud
appeared at the end of it. The small raindrop-shaped bud gave off a
pearly white light from within.

As Kirito and Silica watched with bated breath, the end of the bud
started to open; then—— with a bell-like tinkling, it opened. A little
spot of light danced across the air.
The two simply watched the white flower grow without moving
an inch. Seven petals reached out like the radiance of a star, and light
shined softly from its center, mixing in with that of the sky’s.

Silica looked up at Kirito, feeling as if she shouldn’t touch this.
Kirito gave a soft smile and nodded.

Silica nodded in response and then reached towards the flower
with her right hand. The moment she touched it, the stem that was as
thin as a thread of silk broke as if it were made of ice, and only the
flower was left in her hand. She then touched it gently as she breathed
softly. The name window appeared soundlessly. «The Flower of
Pneuma»——
“Now… we can revive Pina…”

“Yeah. You just have to drip the droplet of water in the flower on
the heart item. But there are a lot of strong monsters here, so it would
be better to do it after we get back to the village. Let’s just wait a bit
longer and hurry back.”
“Okay!”

58


The Black Swordsman

Silica nodded and opened her main window before putting the
flower in it. She checked that it was in the item inventory before
closing the window.

To tell the truth, she wanted to use a teleport crystal to return
immediately, but Silica held herself back and started walking. It was
virtually a rule never to use the expensive crystal unless one was in
real danger.

Fortunately, they didn’t run into that many monsters on the way
back. They soon reached the stream after coming down at a quick pace.
Now I can meet Pina in about an hour at the most——

She hugged her chest, which felt as if it were going to explode, and
was just about to cross the bridge——
Suddenly Kirito grabbed her shoulder. She looked back, her heart
beating rapidly, and saw Kirito glaring at the dense group of trees over
the bridge with a frightening expression. He then opened his mouth
and talked in a low and tense voice:
“——You guys lying in ambush, come out right now.”
“What…!?”

Silica quickly looked towards the other side, but she couldn’t see
anyone. After a few tense seconds passed, the leaves started moving
with a rustling sound. Cursors that represented the players appeared.
They were green, so they weren’t criminals.

Surprisingly —— the person who came into view across the short
bridge was someone that Silica knew.

59


The Black Swordsman

Flame red hair, with lips of the same color; the spear warrior
wielded a slim, cross-shaped spear and wore black armor that shone
like enamel.
“Ro-Rosalia-san...!? Why are you at a place like...”

Rosalia smiled lopsidedly and ignored the question from Silica,
whose eyes were wide open with surprise.

“To think that you saw through my hiding; it seems that your scan
skill is pretty high, swordsman. Did I underestimate you a little?”
Then she turned towards Silica:

“Looks like you luckily managed to get «The Flower of Pneuma».
Congratulations, Silica.”

Silica, who couldn’t figure out Rosalia’s true intentions, took a
couple of steps back. She felt something inexplicably bad about this.
Rosalia didn’t betray her expectations and began speaking a
second later:
“Hand over that flower right now.”
Silica didn’t know what to say.

“...!? What... what are you saying...?”

Then, Kirito, who had been silent until now, stepped forward and
opened his mouth:

“I can’t let you do that, Rosalia-san. No—— should I call you the
leader of the orange guild «Titan’s Hand».”

Rosalia’s eyebrows twitched upwards and the smile disappeared
from her face.
60


The Black Swordsman

In SAO, players who commit acts that are judged as criminals,
such as stealing, harming other players, or killing them, have their
cursors’ color changed from green to orange. Therefore, people refer to
these criminal individuals as orange players and a guild that consist of
them as orange guilds. Silica knew about this, but she had never seen
them before.
Yet Rosalia’s HP cursor, which she could see right in front of her
eyes, was green no matter how she looked at it. Silica looked up at
Kirito, who was standing next to her, and asked in a dry voice:
“Hey... but... look... Rosalia-san’s, it’s green...”

“Even in an orange guild, there are plenty of occasions when not
all of the members are orange. The green members search out prey
and hide amongst their parties before luring them to the ambush point.
The person who was eavesdropping on us yesterday must be a
member of her group as well.”
“Wha-what...”

Silica looked at Rosalia with shock and loathing.

“The——then, the reason she partied with us for the past two
weeks was because...”
Rosalia smiled venomously once again and spoke:

“Yeah~ I was checking out how strong the party was, and at the
same time was waiting for them to grow fat on the money they earned
through their adventuring. In fact, I was going to take care of them
today.”
She licked her lips as she stared at Silica.

61


The Black Swordsman

“I was wondering why the person I looked forward to hunting the
most suddenly left, and then I heard that you were going to get a rare
item. «Pneuma’s Flower» is pretty expensive these days. Gathering
information is important after all~”
Then she stopped talking for a moment, looked at Kirito, and
shrugged.

“But swordsman, you were playing with this kid even though you
knew that? Are you some kind of idiot? Or did you really fall for her?”

Silica’s face reddened with fury at Rosalia’s insults. Her hand
moved to draw her dagger. But Kirito grabbed her shoulder.
“No, it’s none of those things.”
Kirito said, his voice cold.

“I was looking for you as well, Rosalia-san.”

“——What do you mean?”

“You attacked the guild «Silver Flag» ten days ago on the thirtyeighth floor, right? The one where four members died and only the
leader survived.”
“Ah~, those beggars?”

Rosalia didn’t even flinch as she nodded.

“That leader... he was looking for somebody to avenge his team in
the gate plaza at the front lines, crying from morning till night.”

A terrifying coldness could be felt from Kirito’s words. It felt like a
blade of ice that had been sharpened to cut anything that came near.
62


The Black Swordsman

“But when I received his request, he didn’t ask me to kill you. All
he asked me to do was to throw you all into the prison of the Black Iron
Castle —— could you understand how he felt?”
“Nope.”

Rosalia answered as if she couldn’t even be bothered.

“What? Why are you acting so serious? Are you stupid? There’s no
evidence that the person dies in real life if you kill them here anyway.
Besides, it’s not like this will be a crime when we return to the real
world. We don’t even know if we can go back, yet here you talk about
justice and rules; it’s not even funny. I hate guys like you the most ——
people who dragged some weird logic in with them when they came
into this world.”
Rosalia’s eyes grew angry.

“So, you mean to tell me that you seriously took the words of
some guy who couldn’t even die properly and were looking for us? You
really have nothing to do. Well, I’ll acknowledge that I fell for your bait.
But... do you really think that you can do anything with just two
people...?”

A sadistic smile appeared on her face and she waved her hand
twice in the air.

At that moment, the trees on either sides of the path that led
straight from the bridge shook violently, and people appeared from
between them. Cursors emerged one after another into Silica’s vision.
Most of them were orange. Their numbers went up to ten. If they had
crossed the bridge without spotting the ambush, then they would have
been surrounded. There was one other green amongst the orange
63


The Black Swordsman

players—— his spiky hairstyle was, without a doubt, the one they saw
at the inn last night.
The bandits who just appeared were all male players dressed in
gaudy clothes. They all had silver accessories and sub-equipment
hanging from all over their bodies.
Silica hid behind Kirito’s coat as feelings of revulsion came over
her. She whispered quietly:
“Ki-Kirito-san... there are too many. We have to run...!”

“It’s fine. Just have your crystal ready until I tell you to get away.”

Kirito answered with a calm voice, ruffled Silica’s hair, and then
walked towards the other side of the bridge. Silica stood there in shock.
It was just too reckless. She thought of this and called him:
“Kirito-san...!”

As soon as her voice rang through the field——
“Kirito...?”

One of the bandits muttered. His smile faded and he frowned; his
eyes moved from one side to another as if he were trying to remember
something.

“Those clothes... the one-handed blade without a shield... «The
Black Swordsman»...?”
His face grew pale as he stepped back.

“Thi-this is serious Rosalia-san! That bastard... he’s a beater and...
a clearer...!”
64


The Black Swordsman

At his words, the expressions of all the other members hardened
with shock. Silica was surprised as well. She just stared at Kirito’s back,
one which she couldn’t call wide, totally taken aback.

She knew that he was quite a high-level player after watching him
fight. But she never even dreamed that he was one of the «Clearers»,
the elite group of top-class players who went into the frontline
dungeons, where nobody had even set foot in before, and even
defeated bosses. She heard that they concentrated solely on clearing
SAO, and it was hard to even see them on the middle floors——

Even Rosalia stood there with her mouth open for a few seconds
before she came to her senses and screamed:

“Wh-why would a clearer be wandering around here!? He
probably just called himself that to scare us! What he’s wearing is just
some cosplay. And—— even if he really were «The Black Swordsman»,
he should be a pushover with this many people!!”
As if their vigor had returned with her remark, the huge axewielder who stood at the head of the orange players shouted:

“Ye-yeah! If he’s a clearer then he should have a lot of items and
money too right!? This is a really big chance!”

All the bandits agreed and drew their weapons. The numerous
bits of metal glinted with heinous light.
“Kirito-san... it’s impossible to win, run!!”

Silica shouted desperately with the crystal grasped tightly in her
hand. As Rosalia had said, he wouldn’t be able to win no matter how
strong he is with this many enemies. But Kirito didn’t move. He didn’t
even draw his weapon.
65


The Black Swordsman

They seemed to have taken this as a form of resignation; the nine
players, which didn’t include Rosalia and the other green player, all
drew their weapons and raced against each other to reach Kirito first.
They stomped across the short bridge and then—— “Yiaaa!!”
“Dieee!!”

They surrounded Kirito, who had his head bowed down, in a half
circle before they all hit him with their weapons. Kirito’s body shook
violently from the force of nine attacks.
“No——!!”

Silica screamed as she covered her face with her hands.
“No! Stop! Kirito-san’s going to, d...die!!”
But they didn’t listen.

Some of them laughed manically, while others kept swearing as
they continued to attack Kirito as if they were intoxicated by the
violence. Rosalia, who stood at the middle of the bridge, couldn’t stop
her excitement from showing as she stared at the tragedy while licking
her finger.
Silica wiped her tears and grasped the handle of her dagger. She
knew that she couldn’t do anything even if she jumped in, but she
couldn’t just stand there and watch anymore. Then, just as she was
about to take a step towards Kirito—— she noticed something and
stopped.
Kirito’s HP bar wasn’t decreasing.

No, it was merely decreasing by a little bit, despite the endless
rain of blows. Yet even that was filled back up after a couple of seconds.
66


The Black Swordsman

The bandits finally noticed that the black swordsman in front of
them showed no sign of falling and their expressions became confused.
“What the hell are you guys doing!? Kill him!!”

At Rosalia’s anxious order, the blows rained down for a few more
seconds. But there was no change in the situation.
“Hey... what’s going on...?”

One person made a face as if he had seen something utterly
bizarre before he stopped moving and stepped back. His surprise
quickly spread to the eight other members, who then stopped
attacking and widened the distanced between them and Kirito.

Silence fell upon the area, and in the middle of it, Kirito slowly
raised his head. A quiet voice sounded:

“——About 400 every 10 seconds? That’s the amount of damage
you nine dealt to me. I’m on level 78, my HP is 14,500... add that I
automatically regain 600 points every 10 seconds with «Battle
Healing». You all can’t defeat me even if you keep hitting me for hours.”

The bandits stood there with their mouths wide open, as if they
were in shock. Eventually, the two-handed sword user, who seemed to
be the sub-leader, said in a dry voice.
“Is… is that even allowed…? It doesn’t even make any freaking
sense…”
“Yeah.”

Kirito spat the words out:

“Just a difference in numbers makes such a ridiculous disparity in
strength; that’s the unreasonable part of level system MMORPGs!”
67


The Black Swordsman

68


The Black Swordsman

The bandits stepped back, as if they were intimidated by Kirito’s
voice, which seemed to hide something behind it. Their surprised faces
were replaced by looks of terror.
“Che.”

Rosalia tutted and then drew out a teleport crystal from her hip.
She raised it high up into the air and opened her mouth:
“Teleport——”

Even before she could even finish the sentence, the air seemed to
vibrate for a split second and Kirito was then standing right in front of
her.
“Ack…”

As Rosalia froze for a moment, Kirito took the crystal out of her
hands, then grabbed her collar and dragged her back towards the other
bandits.
“Le-let me go!! What are you trying to do you bastard!!”

Kirito threw her towards the group of bandits, who were standing
there dazed, and then started rummaging through his pouch without
saying a word. The crystal he took out was also blue. But the color was
far deeper than a teleport crystal.
“The person who had asked me to do this bought this corridor
crystal with all the money he had. He said that he set the prison area of
the Black Iron Castle as the exit. So I’ll be teleporting all of you to
prison, and «The Army» could cover the rest from there.”

Rosalia, who was sitting on the ground, stayed silent for a while
before she smiled like it was a bluff.
“—And what if I say I don’t want to?”

69


The Black Swordsman

“Then I will kill every single one of you.”

Her smile froze on her face at Kirito’s short answer.

“—Is what I want to say… but in that case I’ll just use this.”

Kirito took out a small dagger from the inside of his coat. One
could see a vaguely green liquid on the surface of the blade by
examining it carefully.

“Paralysis poison; it’s a level five poison, so you guys won’t be
able to move for about ten minutes. That’ll be enough to throw you all
into the corridor… Go by yourself, or be thrown in; it’s your choice.”

Nobody was bluffing now. After seeing all of them bow their
heads in silence, Kirito put the knife away, raised the deep blue crystal
up high, and then shouted.
“Corridor open!”

The crystal shattered in an instant and a blue whirlpool of light
appeared.
“Damn it all…”

The tall axe-wielder walked into the corridor first with his
shoulders sagging. The rest of the orange players then disappeared
into the light one by one, some quietly, while others swore as they
walked in. After the green player that gathered information followed
them, the only person left was Rosalia.

The red haired bandit didn’t even try to move after all of her
comrades disappeared into the corridor. She sat with her legs folded
and looked up at Kirito as if challenging him.

“…Well, have a go if you want. If you hurt a green you’ll become
an orange…”

70


The Black Swordsman

Kirito grabbed her collar before she even finished talking.

“I’ll tell you this: I’m a solo; becoming an orange for a day or two
doesn’t even mean anything to me.”

Kirito spat out coldly before dragging her up and over to the
corridor. Rosalia resisted as she flailed her arms and legs about.

“Wait, please, stop! Forgive me! Huh?! …Ah, right, you, won’t you
work with me? With your skills we could take down any guild…”

She never finished what she was saying. Kirito threw Rosalia
headfirst into the corridor. After she disappeared, the corridor shined
brightly for a moment and then vanished.
Everything was calm again.

The spring field that was full of the natural sounds, of chirping
birds and running water, became quiet again as if everything that just
happened a few moments ago were a lie. But Silica couldn’t move. Her
surprise about Kirito’s true identity, her relief at the disappearance of
the bandits, all of these emotions flooded in at once, leaving her unable
to even open her mouth.

Kirito tilted his head and silently watched the speechless Silica for
a while before he finally said something in almost a whisper:
“…Sorry, Silica. It seems I ended up using you as bait. I considered
telling you about this beforehand… but I thought that you would be
scared so I didn’t.”

Silica tried desperately to shake her head, but she couldn’t;
countless thoughts spun about her mind at the same time and were
overwhelming her.
“I’ll take you to the village.”

71


The Black Swordsman

Kirito said this and began to walk. Silica somehow managed to
force her voice out towards his back.
“My—my legs won’t move.”

Kirito looked back and offered his right hand with a smile; as
Silica grabbed tightly onto his hand she could finally smile.
The two remained mostly silent until they reached the
Weathercock Tavern on the thirty-fifth floor. There were lots of things
that Silica wanted to say, but she just couldn’t talk, as if there were a
pebble stuck in her throat.

When they went up to the second floor and entered Kirito’s room,
the red light of the sunset was already streaming in though the window.
Silica finally managed to speak with a trembling voice to Kirito, who
seemed to have become a black silhouette because of the light.
“Kirito-san… are you going to leave…?”

After a long silence, the silhouette nodded slowly.

“Yeah… I’ve been away from the front lines for five days already. I
need to get back to clearing the game as soon as possible…”
“…I suppose you’re right…”

To tell the truth, Silica wanted to ask him to take her with him.

But she couldn’t.

Kirito’s level is 78. Her level is 45. With a level gap of 33—— the
difference separating them was painfully clear. If she followed Kirito to
the front lines, Silica would be cut down in an instant. Even though
72


The Black Swordsman

they were logged into the same game, a wall higher than anything in
real life stood between their separate worlds.
“…I…I…”

Silica bit her lip and desperately tried to hold back the emotions
that threatened to overflow; two streaks of tears formed from those
feelings and rolled down her cheeks.

Suddenly, she felt Kirito place his hands on her shoulders. A low
and gentle voice whispered right next to her:
“Levels are just numbers. The strength in this world is nothing
more than an illusion. There are things far more important than that.
So let’s meet again in the real world. If we do, we’ll be able to become
friends again.”

To tell the truth, Silica wanted to lean against the black chest in
front of her. But as she felt Kirito’s words spread their warmth through
her bursting heart, she realized that she shouldn’t expect any more
from him. She then closed her eyes and muttered:
“Okay. It’s—it’s a promise.”

She detached herself from Kirito, looked up at his face, and was
finally able to smile for real. Kirito smiled as well and said:
“So, let’s call out Pina.”

“Okay!”

Silica nodded and waved her right hand to summon the main
window. She scrolled through the item inventory and took out «Pina’s
Heart».
She put the sky blue feather that popped out of the window on
the tea table and then took out «Pneuma’s Flower» as well.

73


The Black Swordsman

With the pearly white flower in her hand, she closed the window
and looked up at Kirito.

“All you have to do is to drip the droplet of water that’s in the
middle of the flower onto the feather. Once you do that Pina’ll come
back.”
“Okay…”

As she stared at the sky blue feather, Silica whispered in her mind.

Pina… I’ll tell you lots and lots; about the amazing adventure that
I had today… and about the person who saved you, who became my
brother for just a day.

With tears in her eyes, Silica tilted the flower in her right hand
towards the feather.

(END)
74


Warmth of the Heart

Warmth of the Heart

75


Warmth of the Heart

The gigantic waterwheel spun steadily, filling the entire shop with
a calming sound.
Even though this was just a small house for support-class use
amongst the player-exclusive housing, its price rose like the tide
because of that waterwheel. When I first found this house in the main
district of the 48th floor Rindaasu, my mind suddenly went ‘this is it!’,
right before its price horrified me.

From that moment on, I began to work like crazy, borrowed
money from various sources, and managed to accumulate three million
Col within just two months. If this was the real world, my body would
be covered in muscles from all the times I had swung my hammer, and
my right hand would be full of thick calluses.

But all that paid off, as I acquired the deed just a step ahead of my
competitors and opened «Lisbeth’s Special Weapon Shop» at this
house with the waterwheel. That happened three months ago during
the cool Spring.

76


Warmth of the Heart

Chapter 1
After quickly drinking my morning coffee —— thank god this is
Aincrad —— while listening to the revolving waterwheel as if its
sounds were a BGM, I changed into my blacksmith uniform and
glanced at my image in the full length mirror that hung on the wall.

Even though I called it a blacksmith uniform, it wasn’t anything
even resembling overalls, but actually looked more like a waitress
uniform: a dark red top with puffed sleeves and a flared skirt of the
same color, plus a pure white apron over that and a red ribbon atop my
chest.

I wasn’t the one who picked these clothes; it was actually a friend
of mine who was also a regular customer. According to her, ‘you have a
baby face so stiff clothes don’t suit you.’

Well that’s what she said, and I was like ‘mind your own business!’
But sales jumped twofold once I started wearing this uniform, so I had
no choice but to keep wearing it.
Her advice didn’t just stop with my clothes, but even went to my
hair; it was now customized to be extremely pink and fluffy. But based
on the customer responses, it seemed that this look suited me.

I, blacksmith Lisbeth, was fifteen when I first logged onto SAO. I
heard back in the real world that I looked younger than my age, but
that became even more pronounced in this world. When my pink hair,
large blue eyes, and small lips combined with the old-fashioned apron,
my reflection in the mirror felt almost like a doll.

77


Warmth of the Heart

Since I was a middle schooler in the other world with no interest
in fashion, the gap grew even wider. Somehow I had gotten used to
how I look, but since my personality doesn’t change as easily, I had
scared some customers with my outbursts from time to time.

I checked if there was anything that I forgot to equip before I
went to the front of the shop and flipped the ‘CLOSED’ sign. I looked at
the few players that had been waiting for the shop to open, then
showed them my best smile and greeted them.
“Good morning! Welcome!”

Actually, it hadn’t been all that long since I was able to do this
naturally.

Running a shop had been a longtime dream of mine, but doing so
in a game was very different from in the real world. I experienced
firsthand how hard reception and service was when I first started as a
street vendor with an inn as my base.

Since keeping a smile on was too hard, I decided to win through
quality, and it seemed that leveling my weaponsmithing skill like crazy
was the answer, as many of my regular customers continued to peruse
my weapons even after I opened this shop.

After I finished greeting them, I left the reception to my NPC clerk
and holed myself up in the workshop that was attached to the store.
There were about ten items that needed to be made to order today.

As soon as I pulled the lever on the wall, the bellows began using
the mechanical power from the waterwheel to blow air into the
furnace, and the polisher started spinning. I took out an expensive
piece of metal from my inventory and stuck it in the furnace, which had
begun to heat up. After heating the metal enough, I moved it over to the

78


Warmth of the Heart

anvil with a pair of tongs. I knelt on one knee and grasped my hammer,
then called up the pop-up menu and chose the item I wanted to make.
Now all I had to do was hit the chunk of metal for the designated
number of times and the item would be forged. There was no
technique required for this and the quality of the resulting weapon was
random; but I thought that the end result depended on how much I
concentrated, so I tensed all my muscles and slowly raised the hammer.
Then, just when I was about to strike the metal——
“Hey, Liz!”
“Ahh!”

The door to the workshop opened loudly and I missed; instead of
the metal, I struck the anvil with a pathetic clang and a spray of sparks.

As I raised my head, the intruder was scratching her head and
smiling with her tongue stuck out.
“Sorry~ I’ll be careful next time.”

“I wonder how many times I’ve heard that—— ...Well, at least it
was before I started.”

I stood up with a sigh and put the piece of metal back into the
furnace before placing my hands on my hips and turning around. Then
I looked up at the girl who was slightly taller than me.
“...Hey, Asuna.”

My friend and regular customer, the rapier-wielder Asuna,
crossed the room as she walked towards me and sat down on the
wooden stool. She then pushed back the long chestnut-brown hair that
went past her shoulders with her hand. All of her movements seemed
79


Warmth of the Heart

to shine, as if she was a movie star, and dazed me even though I’ve
known her for ages.

I sat down as well on the chair in front of the anvil and leaned my
hammer against the wall.
“...So, what is it today? You’re pretty early.”

“Ah, I want you to take care of this.”

Asuna took off her rapier, with the blade still in its sheath, and
then threw it. I caught it with one hand and pulled it out. The rapier
was a little dull from the long period of use, but it wasn’t bad enough to
give the blade any trouble cutting.
“It’s not that out of shape is it? It’s a bit early for polishing.”

“Yeah you’re right. But I want it to be all shiny.”

“Hmmm?”

I looked at Asuna carefully. Her knight outfit with the red crosses
on white and her miniskirt was the same as ever, but her boots shined
as if they were new and she even wore a pair of silver earrings.

“You’re being strange~ Now that I think about it, it’s a weekday
today. What about your guild’s clearing quota? Didn’t you say that you
guys were having a hard time with the sixty-third floor?”
After I said this, Asuna gave an embarrassed smile:

“Yeah—— I got a vacation today. Because I have a promise with
somebody later today...”
“Ohh~!”

I shifted closer towards Asuna while still sitting on my chair.
80


Warmth of the Heart

“Tell me more. Who are you meeting?”

“Se-secret!”

Asuna blushed and avoided my gaze. I crossed my arms, nodded,
and then spoke:

“Ah~ I thought that you were strangely brighter these days. So
you finally got yourself a boyfriend.”
“It-it’s not like that!!”

Asuna’s cheeks turned to a deeper red. She coughed and then
asked me a question while glancing at me slightly:
“...Am I, really all that different nowadays...?”

“Of course~ When I first met you, you only concentrated on
clearing dungeons! I thought you were a little too stiff, but then,
starting this spring, you began to change a little; like taking a rest from
clearing the game on a weekday —— that’s something you would
never have done back then.”
“Ri-right ...maybe I really have been affected...”

“So, who is it? Someone I know?”

“I... don’t think so... most probably.”

“Bring him over next time.”

“It’s really not like that! It’s still, well... a one way thing...”

“Hmm...?”

This time I was really surprised. Asuna was the sub-leader of the
strongest guild, KoB, and one of the top five best looking girls in
Aincrad. There were as many boys who wanted Asuna’s attention as

81


Warmth of the Heart

there were stars in the sky, but I never even dreamed that the opposite
existed.
“Well, y’know, he’s a really strange person.”

Asuna said with her eyes gazing off into the distance. She had a
soft smile on her lips. If this was a romance manga, then there would
be flower petals in the background right now.

“Should I say that he’s unpredictable, or that he just takes
everything at his own pace... yet in spite of all that, he’s really strong.”
“Oh, stronger than you?”

“Yeah, like really; if we dueled, I wouldn’t even last one minute.”

“Ohh~ I could count the number of people who can do that with
my fingers.”

As soon as I began going through the list of clearers in my head,
Asuna started waving her arms.
“Ah, don’t imagine him~!”

“Well, I’ll look forward to seeing him soon. And if that’s the case
I’ll rely on you for advertising as well!”

“You never miss a chance. I’ll introduce him ——ah, oh! Polish it
quickly!”
“Right, right. I’ll get it done right now so just wait a moment.”

I stood up with Asuna’s rapier in my hand and walked over to the
revolving polisher in the corner on the room.

I drew the thin blade from its red sheath. The weapon was
categorized as «Rapier» with the unique name «Lambent Light». It was
one of the best swords I’ve ever made. Even if I use the best raw

82


Warmth of the Heart

materials, the best hammer, the best anvil, and the best everything, the
quality of the weapon still differed due to the random factor. Therefore,
I would only be able to make a sword of this quality every three
months or so.
I slowly held the sword against the polisher with both hands.
There was no technique involved in polishing weapons either, but I
had no intention of neglecting it.

I slid the blade across the polisher from the hilt to the tip of the
sword. Sparks flew out as a clear, metallic sound rang about, and at the
same time a shimmering gleam returned to the blade. When the
polishing process finished, the rapier returned to its clear silvery
appearance, shining with the light of the morning sun.
I sheathed the blade again and threw it over to Asuna. Then I
caught the 100 col silver coin that she tossed over to me at the same
time with the tips of my fingers.
“Thanks!”

“I’ll ask you to repair my armor later as well... but I’m running out
of time now so bye!”

Asuna stood up and hung the rapier to her side on the sword belt.

“I wonder what he’s like~ Maybe I should go along.”
“Ehh, n-no!”

“Hahaha, I’m joking. But bring him along next time.”

“S-soon.”

Asuna waved her hand and ran out of the workshop as if she was
running away. I let out a deep sigh and collapsed into my chair again.
83


Warmth of the Heart

“...Must be good.”

I smiled somewhat bitterly at the words that popped out of my
mouth.

A year and a half had passed since I came to this world. Because
of my personality, I didn’t dawdle and instead poured everything into
making my shop flourish, which had gotten me this far. But now that I
had set up a shop and almost completed my smithing skill, I was
starting to miss the company of people again, most probably because I
didn’t have a clear goal anymore.
Since there weren’t many girls in Aincrad, quite a few guys have
tried to get close to me, but for some reason I never really felt like
responding. So when it came to this subject I felt pretty envious of
Asuna.

“Will a «Fabulous Meeting» quest come to me as well, I wonder~”

I mumbled, then shook my head to get rid of these strange
thoughts and stood up. I took the piece of metal, which was red hot by
now, out of the furnace and put it back onto the anvil. I supposed this
guy would be my partner for the time being. With these thoughts
lingering about, I raised my hammer and struck down. Hiiyaa.
The rhythmic sound of metal resounding through the workshop
would usually clear my mind for me, but today the lump in my heart
just wouldn’t go away.
It was noon of the next day when he visited my shop.

I finished all of the weapon orders yesterday and was nodding off
on the rocking chair on the terrace in front of the shop.

84


Warmth of the Heart

I was dreaming. It was a dream about when I was still in
elementary school. I was a diligent and quiet kid, but I had this habit of
falling asleep during the first afternoon lesson. The teachers often
berated me for drifting off.

Back then I looked up to this young male teacher who had just
graduated from university. I still felt embarrassed about getting
reprimanded, but for some reason I really liked the way he woke me up.
He would softly shake my shoulder and say in a low, quiet voice——
“Erm, I’m sorry but…”

“Ye-yes, I’m sorry!”
“Wha?!”

I shouted and jumped up like a spring. In front of me stood a male
player with a surprised expression fixed onto his face.
“Huh…?”

I looked around at my surroundings. It wasn’t the classroom filled
with rows of desks. The trees planted along the street, the waterway
that ran beside the wide stone road, the court that was covered with
grass; it was my second home, Lindus.

It seemed that I had been daydreaming for the first time in a
while. I coughed to hide my embarrassment and greeted the person
who appeared to be a customer.
“Wel-welcome. Are you looking for a weapon?”

“Erm, yes.”

The boy nodded.
85


Warmth of the Heart

He didn’t look like someone on a really high level. He looked only
a little older than me; black hair with a simple shirt, pants, and boots.
The only armament he had was the one-handed sword on his back. The
weapons in my shop required high stats and I was worried if he was on
a high enough level, but I didn’t let that show and led him into my shop.
“The one-handed sword display is over here.”

As I pointed towards the case that displayed the basic weapons,
he smiled a bit awkwardly and spoke.
“Ah, well, I wanted to order a custom made one…”

I became even more worried. Even the cheapest custom-made
weapons, which needed special ingredients to forge, were over a
hundred thousand col. If he started panicking at the price, then I would
be embarrassed as well, so I tried to avoid that situation.
“The price of metals right now is a bit high, so I think it might be a
little expensive…”

I told him that, but the boy clad in black said something totally
unbelievable with an uncaring expression.
“You don’t have to worry about the price. Please just forge the
best sword that you can right now.”
“…”

I just stared at the person’s face for a moment and then somehow
managed to open my mouth.
“…Well, even if you say that… I have to have some sort of idea
about the quality…”

My tone was slightly rougher than usual, but he didn’t seem to
care about that and simply nodded.

86


Warmth of the Heart

“Well I suppose that’s true. Then…”

He took off the sword on his back, still sheathed, and gave it to me.

“How about a sword with a similar or better quality than this
one?”

It didn’t look like a very impressive weapon. A handle with black
leather twined around it; a hilt of the same color. But when I took it
with my right hand——
It’s heavy!!

I almost dropped the thing. The strength stat prerequisite was
incredibly high. As a blacksmith and mace wielder, I was pretty
confident in my strength stat. But I would never be able to swing this
sword.

I hesitantly drew it from the sheath and the almost pitch black
blade gleamed. I could tell that it was a high-quality sword with just a
glance. I clicked it with my finger to call out the popup window:
category «Long-sword/One-handed», unique name «Elucidator». It
didn’t have a maker name, which meant that this wasn’t the work of a
fellow blacksmith.
You can separate all weapons in Aincrad into two groups.

One is «Player made», which meant weapons made by us
blacksmiths. The other included weapons that one gained from
adventuring as «Monster drops». Needless to say, blacksmiths don’t
like drop weapons all that much. I couldn’t even begin to count all the
names like ‘Unnamed’ or ‘No brand’ that were given to them.
But this sword seemed to be a very rare item amongst monster
drops. If you compared the average quality of player-made weapons

87


Warmth of the Heart

and monster drops, the former was better. But once in a while, «Demon
Swords» such as this one appeared — that was what I heard.

Anyhow, my pride was now on the line. As a blacksmith, there
was no way I would lose to a drop weapon.

I returned the heavy sword and brought out a long sword that
was hanging on the back wall of the shop. I had forged this sword a
month ago and it was the best I could make right now. The blade that I
drew from its sheath had a reddish tinge to it, which appeared as if it
was covered by fire.

“This is the best sword in my shop right now. It most probably
won’t lose to yours.”

He took the sword wordlessly, swung it with one hand, and then
cocked his head.
“It’s a bit light.”

“…I used a speed type metal for it…”

“Hmm…”

He made a doubtful expression and swung the sword a few more
times before he turned his gaze towards me and asked.
“Can I test this for a bit?”
“Test what…?”
“Durability.”

The boy drew his sword, which he had been holding in his left
hand, and put it on top of the counter. He then stood before it and
slowly raised the red sword with his right arm.
I realized what he was about to do and tried to stop him.

88


Warmth of the Heart

“Wa-wait! If you do that your sword will break!”

“If it’s a sword that would break so easily then it’s useless. If that
happens I’ll deal with it then.”
“That’s…”

That’s totally crazy, is what I was going to say, but I stopped
myself. He held the sword up above his head and his eyes shone
sharply. Soon, the sword began to shine with a blue light.
“Hyah!”

With a shout, he swung the sword down at an amazing speed. The
two blades clashed against each other before I even had the time to
blink, and the impact rang loudly within the shop. Because the
resulting flash was so bright, I squinted to take a look, and then
involuntarily took a step back...

The blade was broken neatly in two and had been completely
destroyed.
——The blade of my best work.
“AHHHHHH!!”

I screamed and rushed to his right hand. I took the remaining half
and carefully examined it from every angle.
…Repair... was impossible.

As soon as I came to that conclusion and sagged my shoulders, the
remaining half scattered and became polygon fragments. After a few
seconds of silence passed, I slowly raised my head.
“Wha…wha…”

I grabbed the boy by the collar as my lips trembled.

89


Warmth of the Heart

“What are you going to do——!! It’s broken——!!”

“I-I’m sorry! I never even imagined that the sword I swung would
break…”
…Snap.

“In other words, do you mean to say that my sword was weaker
than you thought it was!?”
“Errr——ummm—— well, yeah.”

“Ah!! Now you’re just going straight out!?”

I released his collar, put my hands on my hips, and straightened
my chest.

“I—— I’m telling you! If I had the right materials I could make
weapons that would snap your sword just like that as much as I want!”
“—Oh?”

He smiled at the words I said in anger.

“Then I would really like to ask you to make that; something that
could just snap this sword just like that.”

He took the sword on the counter and sheathed it. The blood
finally rushed all the way up my head and——

“So that’s how it’s gonna be!? Fine! Then you help too! Start with
helping me get the ingredients!”

I knew I just made a mistake, but the milk was already spilt. There
was no way I could back down now. Yet he wasn’t shaken at all and
rudely scrutinized me.
90


Warmth of the Heart

“…Well, I don’t mind, but wouldn’t it be better if I went by myself?
It would be a problem if you got in the way.”
“Argh—!!”

To think that there really was a person who was this good at
getting on people’s nerves. I waved my arms about wildly and
protested like a little kid.

“Do-don’t take me so lightly! Even if I look like this, I’m a master
mace wielder!”
“Whew~”

The boy whistled. Now he was just enjoying himself.

“Well then, I’ll look forward to it. ——Anyways, I’ll pay for the
sword I broke.”

“There’s no need to do that! Just remember that if I make a sword
that’s better than yours, I’ll make you pay bucket loads!”
“Fine, as much as you want. ——I’m Kirito. I hope we get along
together until the sword is done.”
I crossed my arms and looked away.
“I hope we get along too, Kirito.”

“Uwa, you’re calling me by my name just like that? Well, I’m fine
with it. I hope we get along, Lisbeth.”
“Kaaah—!!”

——It was the worst first impression ever for forming a party.

91


Warmth of the Heart

Chapter 2
Rumors about «That Metal» began to circulate amongst the
blacksmiths about ten days ago. Of course, the ultimate goal of SAO was
to reach the top floor and beat the game. But other than that, there was
also a variety of other missions: quests from NPCs, guard missions,
treasure hunting, and more. But because the reward usually included
desirable equipment, most quests had a cooldown time after they were
completed before they would become available again. There were even
quests that could only be finished once, which really drew attention
from the players.

One of these missions was found in a hamlet in the corner of the
55th floor. A certain white-bearded village leader NPC would say——
There was a white dragon that lived in the mountains to the west,
which ate crystals each day as its food and stocked large quantities of it
to create an extremely valuable and rare metal within its stomach. This
was obviously a mission that awarded amazing materials, so a large
number of people immediately formed an assault party that would be
able to easily defeat the dragon. ——But they didn’t get anything. The
dragon dropped only a small quantity of Col and some poor quality
equipment, which didn’t even reimburse the cost of the healing potions
and crystals used.
After that, everyone guessed that the metal had only a chance of
dropping, therefore many parties spoke to the elder and then defeated
the dragon, but still no one found the metal. Within one week,
countless white dragons had been killed, but not a single party

92


Warmth of the Heart

managed to find the metal. Someone finally suggested that there must
be special conditions which must be met, so now everyone was trying
hard to find out what those were.

After listening to my explanation, the man named Kirito, who
sipped on the tea which I didn’t want to make, who sat on my
workshop chair with his casually crossed legs, replied ‘ah...’ and
nodded lightly.

“I’ve heard about this too. There does seem to be a chance to get
rare ingredients. But so far no one has gotten anything right? Would
we really get anything if we go now?”

“Amongst all the circulating theories, one of them claims that ‘the
party must include a blacksmith’, because there aren’t many
blacksmiths who properly trained their combat skills.”

“So that’s why; actually that does sound kind of right —— if that’s
the case, then we should get going soon.”
“......”

I stared angrily at Kirito’s face.

“I’m surprised you’ve managed to live till today with such a lack
of common sense. This isn’t goblin hunting! We have to form a good
party and...”
“But if we do that, then even if the material drops, there’s a
chance we won’t get it right? What floor is that white dragon on?”
“...55th floor.”

“Heh —— Then I should be fine even by myself; you don’t even
need to help.”
93


Warmth of the Heart

“...Are you insanely strong, or just insanely stupid? Whatever, I
don’t care, the sight of you crying while teleporting away also sounds
pretty interesting.”

Kirito simply chuckled, finished his tea without answering, and
placed the cup back down on the table.
“I’m ready to leave anytime; what about you, Lisbeth?”

“Ah —— never mind, since you’re not going to add an honorific
anyway, just call me Liz... the white dragon’s mountain isn’t very big, so
we should be able to return today. Let me just make a few simple
preparations.”

After opening a console window, I first put on some simple armor
over my skirt, then confirmed that my mace was in my inventory and
made sure that I had enough potions and crystals.
I closed the window and said ok, then Kirito stood back up.
Luckily, there were no customers in sight as we went from the
workshop to the shop entrance. I quickly flipped the sign on the door.

I raised my head and looked out; the sunlight passing through
was still bright, so there was still quite some time before it gets dark.
Whether we retrieve the metal or not —— the latter being more likely
no matter how I thought about it —— I wouldn’t want to come back
too late.
That being said.

——How did I wind up in this strange situation...

After leaving the store, I walked towards the gate plaza while
thinking deeply.
94


Warmth of the Heart

I definitely had a bad impression of the black-dressed man
leisurely walking beside me —— as it should be. Not only did
everything he say make me angry, he was also some arrogant
megalomaniac, and most of all, he broke my masterpiece.

But still, I was walking alongside a man whom I just met. We even
formed a party and prepared to hunt monsters on another floor; it was
just like —— like a da...

Arriving at this, I immediately forced a stop to that thought. I had
never experienced anything like this until now. Although I was pretty
close to several male players, I’ve always made excuses to avoid going
out with them with just two people. I wanted to make sure that the
first person I paired up with would be someone I really liked, or so I
thought.

But when I came to my senses, I was already with this weird man...
how did it end up like this!

Completely oblivious of my inner turmoil, Kirito saw a food
vendor near the gate of the plaza and rushed over. By the time he
turned around, a huge hot dog was already in his mouth.
“Doo yu van son duu?”

...My inner thoughts were instantly filled with a sense of
helplessness and I felt like an idiot for being the only one worrying
over it. So I yelled back:
“Yeah!”

The crisp taste of the hot dog —— more precisely, a mysterious
food that looked like a hot dog —— still lingered in my mouth when
we reached the rumored hamlet on the 55th floor.
95


Warmth of the Heart

We also didn’t have any trouble with the monsters in the field.

Considering that the front line was on the 63rd floor right now,
the monsters here were pretty strong. But my level was about 65, and
that braggart Kirito should be just as strong, so we went through quite
a few battles almost completely unscathed.
The only mistake was that the theme of this floor involved fields
of snow and ice——
“Achoo!”

I sneezed loudly as soon as we entered the small village and
relaxed. Because all the other floors were in an early summer season, I
became too careless. Not only was there a layer of snow on the ground
here, but every building still had huge icicles hanging from the roofs.
This bone-chilling winter cold made my entire body shiver like
crazy. Kirito, who stood beside me, put on an exasperated expression
and said:
“...You didn’t bring any other clothes?”
“...No.”

Then, the seemingly lightly-dressed Kirito operated his window.
A black leather cape materialized, which he placed over my head.
“...Are you alright yourself?”

“It’s all a matter of willpower.”

Every line this man said gets on my nerves. But the fur-lined cape
looked pretty warm, so I couldn’t resist it and quickly put it on. I let out
a sigh of relief as the cold bite of the wind immediately disappeared.
“Umm... which one do you think is the elder’s house?”

96


Warmth of the Heart

As Kirito said this, I looked around the tiny village, and found an
especially large house across from the central plaza.
“It should be that one right?”
“Right.”

We both nodded and started walking.
——Several minutes later.

As we predicted, we found the white-bearded elder NPC and
successfully initiated a conversation. His story was full of useless
details that started from his long and boring childhood, into his
teenage years, past his difficult days in adulthood, and then abruptly
mentioned a white dragon in the mountains to the west. By the time he
finally finished, the orange light of the setting sun had already covered
the entire village.

We left the village elder’s house feeling completely wiped out. The
snow that covered the houses were stained orange by the setting sun.
It was an image beautiful beyond comparison, yet——

“...I never expected just receiving the quest would waste that
much time...”

“Unbelievable... well, what now? Should we wait until tomorrow?”

I turned my head and looked at Kirito.

“Hmmm —— I’ve heard the white dragon is nocturnal though. Is
that the mountain?”

Looking towards the direction Kirito pointed at, I saw a white
peak reaching into the sky. Although I say that, the structural
limitations of Aincrad meant the height couldn’t possibly exceed 100
meters, so climbing the mountain shouldn’t be difficult.

97


Warmth of the Heart

“Alright, let’s go then. I want to see your crying face early anyway.”

“Just don’t become overwhelmed by my magnificent sword skills.”

We both turned our faces away from each other with a ‘hmph’.
But somehow, how should I put it, even though I was arguing with
Kirito, my heart began to feel a little shaky——

I forcibly shook my head to get rid of these stupid thoughts and
then began to crunch my way through the snow.

Although the white dragon’s mountain looked dangerously steep
from far away, we discovered that it was actually very easy to climb.
When I thought about it, many impromptu teams managed to
accomplish this without any trouble, so there was no way it could be
hard.

Even though it was already evening, which affects the strength of
spawned monsters, the strongest that would appear right now were ice
skeletons called «Frost Bone». Furthermore, bone-type monsters were
no match for my mace. I simply continued to smash them apart with
clear crunching sounds.
After walking up the snow-covered roads for several dozen
minutes and turning towards the plunging icy cliffs, we had already
reached the mountaintop.

The bottom of the next floor was extremely close. Huge columns
of broken crystal pillars stood out from the thick layer of snow. The
purple light of the setting sun refracted through these columns and
scattered into the rainbow colors of the spectrum, painting a scene that
can only be portrayed in dreams.
“Whaa...!”

98


Warmth of the Heart

Just as I cheered without restraint and was about to dash over,
Kirito grabbed onto my collar to stop me.
“Oi... What are you doing!”

“Hey, get ready to use the crystals first.”

Against his extremely serious expression, I could only meekly nod.
I materialized the crystals and then put them into my apron pockets.

“Also, it’ll get dangerous from here on out, so it would be best if I
continued on alone. Once the white dragon appears, just hide behind
that crystal pillar over there and absolutely do not come out.”
“...Why? My level is pretty high too! I wanna help too!”
“No!”

Kirito’s black pupils stared directly into my eyes. The moment our
eyes met, I understood that this person was truly worried for my safety
from the bottom of his heart, so I let out a huge sigh and backed off. I
didn’t say anything and simply nodded lightly.
A smile spread across Kirito’s face as he patted my head and said
“alright, let’s go.” I could only keep on nodding.
It felt like the atmosphere suddenly changed entirely.

After travelling all the way here with Kirito, could it be that my
feelings had changed? Or did I get caught up in the mood —— either
way, I completely did not recognize this as a life-threatening encounter.
Over half of my experience came from forging weapons, so I had
never entered any merciless battlefields.

But I felt that this person was different. He had a gaze that only
one who fought every day in the most dangerous places could have.

99


Warmth of the Heart

I continued to walk with my scrambled emotions before we soon
arrived at the center of the peak.

We quickly looked around, but found no sign of the white dragon.
However, we saw an area sealed by crystal pillars——
“Wow...”

There was a gigantic cave opening of at least ten meters in
diameter. The light reflected off the walls reached down the deep hole,
while an impermeable darkness covered even the deeper regions.
“That’s really deep...”

Kirito kicked a small chunk of crystal into the hole. The falling
crystal glittered briefly before completely disappearing without even a
sound.
“Don’t fall down.”

“As if I would!”

Not long after I replied, a sharp feral screech pierced out from the
cave and spread across the entire mountain through the air that was
stained blue by the sunset.
“Hide behind there!”

Kirito pointed towards a gigantic crystal pillar nearby and spoke
in a commanding tone. I hurriedly followed his instructions while
waving exaggeratedly at Kirito’s shadow and yelling:

“Hey... the white dragon’s attacks are slashes using both claws,
freezing breath, and blizzard assault... b-be careful!”

After quickly adding that last phrase, I saw Kirito, who kept his
back towards me pretending to be cool, gave a thumbs-up with his left

100


Warmth of the Heart

fist. The space in front of him began to shake, and a huge shape
exploded outwards from the hole.

Various large, strangely-shaped polygons appeared in a
continuous stream. As those polygons appeared —— they began
connecting with one another and the identity of the huge shape grew
more evident. The shriek that made people quiver uncontrollably
resounded once again. Countless shards scattered outwards in every
direction before disappearing into the light rays.

A white dragon covered in scale-like shards of ice had appeared.
It slowly beat its gigantic wings while hovering in the skies. The
situation was frightening —— or it could be more appropriately
described as extremely beautiful. It stared with large, ruby-colored
eyes, casting a contemptuous look down upon the two of us.

Kirito calmly reached his hand towards his back and unsheathed
his jet-black one-handed sword with a perfect chime. Then, as if the
sound had sent off a signal, the white dragon opened his huge jaw ——
and with a hardened sound, sprayed out a wave of white gas.
“It’s the breath! Get out of the way!”

Even though I screamed, Kirito didn’t budge a single inch. He
stood perfectly still and thrusted upwards with the sword in his right
hand.
There was no way such a thin weapon could block a breath
attack——

As soon as I thought this, the sword began to spin like a windmill
centered in Kirito’s hand. Based on the light green color of the effect, it
must be a sword skill. In just a second, the sword reached speeds
101


Warmth of the Heart

invisible to the human eye and looked like it had become a shield of
light.

The icy breath streamed directly towards the light shield while
emitting a dizzying white light, which forced me to avert my eyes. But,
when the cold air slammed into Kirito’s sword-shield, it dispersed as if
it had evaporated.
I quickly focused on Kirito’s body to confirm his HP.

Maybe it was impossible to completely block the breath, because
his life bar was slowly draining. But the shocking part was, the damage
taken was recovering within just a few seconds. This must be the really
high level battle skill «Battle Healing» —— but to raise this skill, one
must sustain enormous amount of battle damage. Considering the
current floors, that was impossible to do so without endangering
oneself.
Kirito —— just who is he...?

Only now did I begin to seriously wonder about the identity of
this black swordsman. His absurd power made him seem like a key
strategic player. But his name wasn’t amongst the list of KoBdominated top guild players.

At this moment, Kirito, who accurately predicted the end of the
icy onslaught, made his move. He burst through the snowy mist and
leapt towards the dragon hovering in midair.

Normally, when fighting a flying enemy, one should first attack
with a halberd or some sort of throwing weapon; only after long-range
weapons knocked the enemy down to ground-level first did the shortranged weapon users join the fray. But shockingly, Kirito flew upwards
102


Warmth of the Heart

until he almost touched the white dragon’s head, where he began to
initiate consecutive sword combination techniques in midair.

With a sharp ring, Kirito’s onslaught pummeled the white
dragon’s torso at a speed faster than the human eye could follow. Even
though the white dragon retaliated with both of its claws, the
difference in their capabilities was simply too much.

By the time Kirito slowly descended back down to the ground, the
white dragon’s HP bar was already down by over a third.
——It was single-handed slaughter. Watching this unbelievable
battle made my spine shiver endlessly.

Suddenly the white dragon aimed at the grounded Kirito and
blasted its icy breath, but this time he sprinted to dodge the attack and
then leapt back up into the air. With a deep and heavy sound, a single
powerful attack struck the target, and the white dragon’s health
dropped significantly.

The HP bar immediately changed from yellow to red, and the
battle should conclude with just one or two more attacks. I decided
that this time I would honestly praise Kirito’s skill and took one step
out from behind the crystal pillar.

At that moment, as if he had eyes on the back of his head, Kirito
suddenly shouted:

it...”

“Idiot! Don’t come out yet!”

“What? It’s obviously about to finish right? Just hurry up and end
As I replied in a loud voice——

103


Warmth of the Heart

The dragon, flying even higher than before, fully expanded its
wings. As its wings beat forward, the snow directly below the dragon
went flying with a bang.
“......?”

As I stood frozen in shock by the scene before me. Kirito stabbed
his sword into the ground several meters in front of me and moved his
mouth like he wanted to tell me something, but his profile was
immediately blocked by the snow. A moment later an incredible
pressure, like a wall of wind, hit and easily blew me into the air.
Crap ... the blizzard attack!

As I tumbled across the air, I finally remembered what I myself
had just said about the white dragon’s attacks. Thankfully, this skill
didn’t have much attack power, so I took virtually no damage. I spread
open both my arms and took a posture for landing.
But as the snow dispersed —— there was no ground in the
clearing up ahead.

It was the gigantic hole atop the mountain peak. I had been blown
into the air directly overhead this huge pit.
My thoughts immediately stopped; my entire body completely
froze.
“You’ve got to be kidding me...”

With my mind completely paralyzed, I could only utter these
words, while my right hand reached towards the air in vain——
——A hand covered in only a black-leather glove suddenly
grasped my fingers.
My unfocused eyes suddenly sprang open.

104


Warmth of the Heart

...!

Kirito, who had been confronting the white dragon far away,
sprinted over here at a frightening speed and leapt into the air without
hesitation. He extended his right hand to grab onto mine and then
pulled me into his embrace. After that he loosened his right arm to
wrap around my back and hugged me tightly.
“Hold on tight!”

As I heard Kirito’s voice reverberating beside my ear, I forgot
myself and tightly hugged his body with both of my arms. We began to
descend only an instant later.

In the center of the cave opening, the two of us fell straight down
while holding onto each other. The wind howled in our ears and our
coats flailed about wildly.

If this hole extended down to the surface of the floor, then falling
from this height meant certain death. This thought suddenly passed
through my mind, but I just didn’t feel like this was actually happening
right now. All I could do was to keep staring dumbly at the
disappearing circle of white light.

Suddenly, Kirito’s sword-wielding right arm began to move. He
raised the sword forcibly and then swung it forward. A flash of light
burst out, accompanied by the loud echoing ‘clang’ of metal striking
one another.

The strong counterforce changed our fall trajectory, pushing us
towards the cave walls. The blue icy walls gradually approached, and I
couldn’t help but bite down my teeth. We were going to crash——!

Just as we were about to collide with the wall, Kirito raised the
sword in his right hand once again and stabbed it into the wall at full

105


Warmth of the Heart

power. Fiery sparks exploded outwards as if the weapon had struck a
whetstone. The sudden attack slowed our falling speed, but it was
unable to completely stop our descent.

The screeching sound of metallic cutting continued as Kirito’s
sword kept on cutting the wall of ice. I turned my neck to look down
and noticed that we could already see the white snow-covered bottom
of the cave. I watched it come closer and closer, until there were only a
few seconds left before we crashed. I wanted to at least refrain from
screaming, so I bit down on my lip and tightly held onto Kirito.

Kirito let go of his sword, used both arms to hold me tightly, and
rotated his body so that he was on the bottom. Then——
An impact. A huge sound.

The snowflakes that were blasted into the air by the force of our
fall began to land lightly on my cheeks before melting away.

The cold sensation pulled back my scattered thoughts. I opened
my eyes, and my gaze met with that of Kirito’s black pupils as he laid
extremely close to me.

Kirito was still hugging me tightly; he raised the corner of his
mouth and smiled weakly.
“...Still alive?”

I nodded back weakly and replied:

“Yeah, still alive.”

For several dozen seconds —— or maybe several minutes, we
simply laid motionlessly in that position. The heat from Kirito’s body
allowed my entire self to relax and my mind to go completely blank.
106


Warmth of the Heart

After a while, Kirito let go of my arm and slowly stood back up. He
first picked up the sword that fell nearby and returned it to his
inventory, and then pulled out from his waist pouch a bottle of what
was probably a high-class recovery potion, as well as another bottle for
me.
“Anyhow, just drink it.”
“...Okay.”

I nodded and sat up to receive the potion while checking my own
HP bar. I still had about one-third left, but Kirito, who had struck the
ground directly, was already in the red zone.

I pulled off the cork and gulped down the sweet liquid in one
breath, then turned towards Kirito. Remaining in my relaxed posture, I
began to move the lips that have such a hard time saying anything nice.
“Ummm ... th-thank you for saving me...”

Kirito weakly showed his usual sneer and replied:
“It’s still too early to thank me.”

He quickly glanced towards the sky.

“...Thank god the white dragon didn’t chase us, but how are we
going to get out of here...”
“Eh ... can’t we just teleport?”

I reached into my apron pocket and pulled out a sparkling blue
crystal to show Kirito. But——

“That probably won’t work, since this is a trap made especially for
players, I doubt we’ll be able to get out that easily.”
“How could this be...”

107


Warmth of the Heart

Kirito hinted at me with his eyes to try it out, so I held the crystal
tightly and commanded:
“Teleport! Rindaasu!”

——My shout echoed emptily off the frozen walls before finally
disappearing. The crystal simply continued to sparkle silently.

Kirito squeezed my shoulders lightly without making any sound.

“If I thought we could use crystals, then I would have already
used it when we were falling. But because this place felt like it would
be an anti-crystal zone...”
“...”

I dropped my head in despair; Kirito put his hand on my head
with a ‘pat’ and tousled my hair.

“Alright alright, don’t cry. If we can’t use crystals, then there must
be another way out of here.”
“...Maybe not, maybe this is an inescapable pit that guarantees
death ... or should I say, we’re already dead!”
“Hmmm, maybe you’re right.”

Watching Kirito nod in agreement made me lose all the energy in
my body once again.
“What ... what kind of attitude is that! Can’t you be a little more
positive?”
After I suddenly yelled, Kirito smiled and said:

“That angry expression is much more like you, keep it up!”
“Wha……”

108


Warmth of the Heart

My cheeks flushed red and my body froze in place. Kirito then
lifted his hand from my head and stood back up.
“Well, let’s try some things out. Any ideas?”

“…”

I smiled bitterly at Kirito, who was clearly unaffected by the
situation we were in and kept up his usual attitude. Feeling a bit more
cheerful, I slapped my cheeks with both hands and stood up.

I surveyed my surroundings; the cave’s bottom was a flat surface
of ice with a hint of snow. The diameter should be about 10 meters just
like the cave’s opening. The icy walls near the top continued to reflect
rays of light from the setting sun, but this place would soon be
completely engulfed by darkness.

I looked around, but there was no visible way out on either the
walls or the floor. I put both my hands on my waist, ran my brain at full
capacity, and told Kirito the first idea that came to mind.
“Mm… can we ask for help from someone?”
Kirito denied it instantly:

“Uh–— I’m guessing this place is considered a dungeon.”

Players registered as ‘friends,’ such as Asuna in my case, can
communicate through a type of mail called ‘private message.’ However,
that function cannot be used within a dungeon, nor could the ‘trace
system’ be used to locate them.
I opened the message window in blind hope, but as Kirito said, it
was unavailable.
“Well… how about we shout at other players who come to hunt
the dragon?”

109


Warmth of the Heart

“I think we are about 80 meters away from the apex, so my guess
is that our voices won’t reach that far.”
“I guess so… Wait! Now you come up with an idea!”

When I retorted at Kirito, upset at him for constantly putting
down my ideas, he replied with something preposterous:
“Run up along the wall.”

“……Are you an idiot?”

“Well, let’s find out.”

While I stared at him with a dumbstruck expression, Kirito
walked up to one side of the cave and started dashing toward the walls
on the opposite side with unnatural speed. The snow blew off the floor
and a gale of wind smashed into my face. Just as he was about to hit the
wall, Kirito crouched and leaped upwards with explosive force. He
stepped on the walls at an unbelievable height and then started
running diagonally along the wall.
“Oh my god…”

As I watched in awe, Kirito was already far above me and running
upwards in a spiral along the walls like one of those ninjas from a
third-rate movie. His silhouette got smaller and smaller——
Then, as he was a third of the way up, he suddenly slipped.
“Ahhhhhhhh!!!”

Kirito floundered about as he fell towards my head.
“Kyaaaaa!!!”

110


Warmth of the Heart

As I backed off screaming, a human-shaped hole appeared right
where I was standing. A minute later, after Kirito finished his second
health potion, I sat down next to him and sighed.
“I kept thinking you were an idiot, but I never even considered
that you were this stupid…”
“I would have succeeded if the initial approach was longer.”
“Not a chance.”

I blurted out softly.

Kirito ignored my words and returned the empty potion bottle to
his pouch. After stretching his arms, he said:

“Well, it’s getting too dark, so let’s just camp here. Fortunately, I
don’t think any monsters spawn in this hole.”

The sun had already set, and the bottom of the hole was getting
quite dark.
“I guess so…”
“Well then…”

Kirito opened a window and materialized several things. A camp
stove, a pot, several small sacks that I couldn’t tell what they were for,
and two mugs came out.
“…You always carry these around?”

“I tend to camp out in the fields quite often.”

He said it with such a serious expression that I don’t think he was
joking.
111


Warmth of the Heart

He clicked on the stove; it lit with a fwoosh and illuminated the
place with a soft orange glow. Kirito put a pot over the stove, then
tossed in a few chunks of snow before pouring in the contents of those
small sacks. He closed the pot with a lid and doubled clicked it; a timer
window for cooking then popped up.

Soon I began to smell a herbal aroma. Now that I thought about it,
I hadn’t eaten anything since that hot dog in the morning. My stomach
suddenly demanded food loudly as if it just remembered that it was
starving.
The cooking timer disappeared with a ‘pin pon,’ and then Kirito
split the contents of the pot into two mugs.
“Don’t expect too much, my cooking proficiency is zero.”
“Thank you…”

The warmth transferred to my hands through the mug that Kirito
handed to me. It was a simple soup of dried meat and herbs, but the
ingredients’ item levels seemed to be high and it was more than
delicious. The heat also spread throughout my cold body.
“What a mysterious feeling this is… I don’t feel like this is real.”
I mumbled as I drank the soup.

“I mean this situation, camping in an unexplored area and having
a meal with a stranger…”
“Ah, I guess so… since you are an artisan. I make pick-up groups
with random players and camp with them quite often.”

“Hmm, really? …tell me some more, about the dungeons and
everything.”

112


Warmth of the Heart

“Huh? Mm…okay. I don’t think it’s that interesting though… oh
wait, before I start……”

Kirito collected the empty mugs and pot, and returned them to his
inventory. He opened the panel again and materialized what looked
like two rolled up chunks of cloth.
After he unfolded them, they revealed themselves to be sleeping
bags. They looked similar to their real world equivalents, only
significantly larger.
“These are high-end items. Perfect heat preservation, plus a
hiding effect against aggressive monsters.”

He tossed me one as he smiled. When I laid it on the snow, it
looked like it could fit three people of my size. Dumbfounded by the
size of it, I spoke to Kirito:

“It’s remarkable that you bring these things everywhere, and
especially two of them……”
“Well, I should utilize my inventory space for something.”

Kirito quickly unequipped himself and laid down in the sleeping
bag on the left. I also unequipped my cloak and mace, and rolled into
the sleeping bag. It was a high-end item all right; the inside was very
warm, and a lot fluffier than it looked. We were a meter apart with the
stove in between us. But I was still feeling a little… embarrassed, so I
spoke again to get rid of the silence:
“Mm… yeah, go on with the story…”

“Oh, sure…”

Kirito slowly started talking after he laid his head on his hands.
He told me about the time when he got trapped by MPK —– criminals

113


Warmth of the Heart

who purposely gathered mobs to ambush other players —— in a
dungeon, and fought a boss mob with low damage but an obscene
amount of health for two full days by taking turns to sleep with other
players. There was also the time he rolled dice with 100 other players
for a rare item. All of his stories were thrilling, delightful, and
somewhat humorous. His stories also made one thing obvious—– he
was one of the Clearers, those who risk their lives on the frontline. But
that also meant this person was burdened with the fates of thousands
of players. He wasn’t the type of person who should risk his life just to
save me.

I turned toward Kirito and looked at his face. His black eyes were
reflecting the light from the stove.
“Hey… Kirito, can I ask you something…?”

“——Why so serious all of a sudden?”

“Why did you save me at that moment…? There was no guarantee
that you would have succeeded. Well, it was more likely that you were
just going to die with me, so… why……?”
Kirito’s expression hardened for a second, but he immediately
relaxed to his usual face and responded with a calm voice:

“…I would rather die alongside them than watch someone else die
without doing anything. Especially if that someone is a girl like you, Liz.”

“…You really are an idiot. You are probably the only one who
would say such a thing.”

Although I retorted sarcastically, my eyes couldn’t help but weep.
A part of my heart ached, and I tried my hardest to control and hide it. I
haven’t heard such stubborn, upright, and warm words since I came to
114


Warmth of the Heart

this world. No, I haven’t heard such words even before in the real
world.

The painful feelings of loneliness and wanting to interact with
others more that had been buried deep within a corner of my heart
suddenly flared and engulfed me like a tempest. I wanted Kirito’s
warmth close enough for my heart to feel——
Without realizing it, the words spilled forth from my mouth:
“Would you… hold my hand?”

I turned towards Kirito, pulled my right arm out of the sleeping
bag, and reached towards my left.

Kirito’s eyes widened slightly, but he answered ‘yes’ in a small
voice and held out his left hand. When our fingers touched, we both
jerked our hands away for a second, but then reached in again to grasp
our hands together.
I held onto Kirito’s hand tightly, which was a lot warmer than the
soup that I just ate. Although the back of my hand was still laying on
the ice, I didn’t feel any coldness. I felt human warmth. I felt like I had
finally figured out what the longing was that had settled in a corner of
my heart ever since I came to this world.

Because I was afraid of becoming aware of the fact that this world
was an illusion —— that my real body was somewhere far away,
unreachable no matter how hard I tried, I continued to set goals for
myself and focused everything on my job. I convinced myself that
leveling up my blacksmithing skills and expanding my store was my
reality.

But some part of me always knew that this was all a fake, nothing
more than simple data. What I starved for was true human warmth.

115


Warmth of the Heart

116


Warmth of the Heart

Of course, Kirito’s body was also data. The warmth that I feel now
were just electric signals for my brain to react to. But I finally realized
that it didn’t matter. I could feel his heart —– whether in the real world
or in this simulated world, this was the only truth.
As I held Kirito’s hand firmly, I smiled and closed my eyes.
Although my heart was beating faster than ever, sleep came to me
regrettably quick and dragged my consciousness into the pleasant
darkness.

117


Warmth of the Heart

Chapter 3
A refreshingly sweet scent gradually drifted past my nose; I
slowly opened my eyes and saw the entire world enveloped by a white
glow. The dawning light, which had already been reflected several
times down the icy walls, caused the snow at the bottom of the cave to
glitter.

I shifted my eyes and noticed a teapot sitting atop the lantern,
with vapor wavering above it. Looks like that’s where the smell was
coming from. In front of the lantern sat a person in black clothes whose
face I could only see from the side. But as soon as I saw that figure, a
small flame seemed to ignite within my heart.
Kirito turned his head, revealed a tiny smile, and said:
“Morning.”

“......Morning.”

I replied. As I prepared to get up, I noticed that my right hand,
which should have been hanging outside when I went to sleep, was
neatly placed back inside the sleeping bag. I brought the warmth that
lingered in that palm to my lips, and then suddenly jumped up.

Kirito brought a steaming mug to me, who had just crawled out
onto the snow. After thanking him, I accepted the mug and sat down
beside him. In it was a kind of flowery tea with a mint-like aroma
which I had never tasted before. As I slowly drank the tea one sip at a
time, allowing it to gently sink into my body. My heart pleasantly
warmed up.

118


Warmth of the Heart

I shifted my body, leaning it right against Kirito’s. As I turned my
head, our eyes met for an instant before quickly separating. For a short
while, only the sounds of two people drinking tea could be heard.
“Hey......”

Finally, I murmured with a small voice while my eyes continued
to stay fixed on my cup.
“Hmmm?”

“......If we really can’t get out of here, then what should we do?”

“Spend every day sleeping.”

“That sure was a quick reply. Think about it a little more!”
I smiled as I prodded Kirito’s arm with my elbow.

“......Although, that wouldn’t be bad either......”

After saying this, I began to lean my head towards Kirito’s
shoulder—
“Ah......!?”

Kirito suddenly cried out and leaned forward. I, losing my support,
ended up falling onto the ground with a plop.
“Geez, what was that for!”

I complained angrily as I straightened my torso back up, but
Kirito stood up without even looking back. Following that, he sprinted
towards the middle of that circular pit.
While in doubt, I also got up and followed him.
“Just what is it?”

119


Warmth of the Heart

“Oh, just a little......”

Kirito knelt down onto the floor and began to brush aside the
snow, piled up on the ground, with both hands. He quickly dug up a
deep hole as a scraping sound reverberated. And then“Ah!?”

A beam of silvery light suddenly flashed into my eyes. Something
buried deep inside the snow was reflecting the light of the rising sun.

Kirito dug that thing out, seized it with both hands, and then
stood back up. Unable to restrain my curiosity, I peered into it from an
extremely close distance.

It was a transparent, silvery-white, rectangular object. Just
slightly bigger than both of Kirito’s hands. It was of a familiar shape,
with a familiar size—a metallic material. But I had yet to see one of this
color.
I tapped the material lightly with my right hand’s fingers. An
automatic window immediately popped up. The object was named
“Crystalite Ingot”.
“This—isn’t this...”

As I looked up towards Kirito’s face, he too, nodded with a
confused expression.

“Yeah... This is the metal we’ve been looking for... I wonder why
it’s here...”
“But, just why was it buried here?”
“Hmm......”

120


Warmth of the Heart

Kirito continued to stare at the ingot grasped in his right hand as
he thought about it, before letting out a short, “Ah...”

“...The white dragon eats crystals...... which are refined in its
stomach to become...... Hehe, so that’s how it goes!”

He seemed to have figured it out and started showing a smile,
then tossed the metal ingot towards me. I hurriedly caught it with both
hands and held it close to my chest.

“Hey, what’s with that! Don’t just stop after figuring it out
yourself!”
“This cave isn’t a trap. It’s the dragon’s nest.”

“Eh - Eeh?”

“In other words, that ingot is the dragon’s excretion. Its feces.”
“Fe...”

While my cheeks were twitching, I dropped my glance at the ingot
at my chest.
“Geeee”

Without thinking, I threw it back at Kirito.

“Woah”

That was repelled back by Kirito skillfully with his fingertips.
After childishly throwing it at each other repeatedly, it finally came to a
closure with Kirito making quick work of expanding the item field to
store the ingot.

“Well, anyway, we accomplished our goal. Now, all that’s left is......”
“If only we could get out of here...”

121


Warmth of the Heart

Both of us sighed as we exchanged glances.

“For the time being, there’s no choice but to try everything we can
come up with.”
“I guess so. Aah, if only I had wings like the dragon...”

It happened the moment I said that. Realizing something, I left my
mouth agape, at a loss for words.
“...What’s up, Liz?”

Facing towards Kirito, who was peering at me, with his head
tilted to the side.
“Hey. You said this place was the dragon’s nest, right?”
“Ah. As long as there are feces, that’s...”

“That’s not important! Dragons are nocturnal, now that it’s
morning, shouldn’t it be returning to its nest...”
“...”

For a short while, my glance met with Kirito’s, who became silent,
and then both of us looked up into the sky at the entrance of the hole.
Exactly at that moment...
Far up, high in the air, within the circular-cut white light, a
blurred black shadow was born. That shadow grew ever bigger as we
stared at it. It took only an instant before I could soon see a pair of
wings, a long tail and four feet armed with claws.
“It’s... it’s...”

We backed off together. However, of course, there wasn’t any
place to escape to.
122


Warmth of the Heart

“It’s here———”

Both of us shouted while drawing our respective weapons.

The white dragon, that swooped down into the pit, noticed our
presence and made a high pitched cry, stopping just before hitting the
ground. Its red eyes with vertical pupils were filled with clear hostility
towards the intruders of its nest. However, there was nowhere to hide
at the bottom of the narrow hole. I prepared my mace while
suppressing my nervousness.
Similarly, Kirito readied his one-handed sword and moved in
front of me, quickly saying.

“Listen, stay behind me. Drink a potion immediately after losing
even a little HP.”
“Y-Yeah...”

I only nodded obediently this time.

The dragon opened its vast mouth and roared once more. Its
wings created a gust of wind, which made snow whirl into the air.

“Bitan!” “Bitan!” The dragon’s long tail was striking the ground,
each hit digging a deep ditch in the snowy surface.

Brandishing the sword in his right hand without pause, as to gain
the initiative, Kirito suddenly ceased his movement just as he was
about to charge forth.
“...Ah... Maybe...”

He let out in a low voice.

“Wha-What’s the matter?”

“No...”

123


Warmth of the Heart

Without answering my question, Kirito kept his sword in its
scabbard, and abruptly turned around and firmly embraced me with
his left arm.
“Ehh!?”

Without understanding anything, I panicked and I was further
raised up to Kirito’s shoulder.
“H-Hey, what are you— Wahh!!”

A “Zuban!” rang out with the impact, and together with that, the
surroundings’ scenery went blurry. Kirito dashed towards the wall
with violent force. Just before crashing, he did a great jump, and just
like yesterday’s attempt to escape, he began running on the curved
wall surface. However, as if there was no intention to ascend, the orbit
stayed level. The dragon’s head heartily turned and continued
targeting us, however Kirito continued running at a speed exceeding
what the dragon could follow.

A few seconds later, when Kirito finally landed on the bottom of
the hole, my eyes were completely spinning. Finally opening my eyes
after blinking them countless times, before me was the rear of the
dragon. It had lost sight of us and was restlessly swinging its head left
and right.

Just as I thought that Kirito was planning to attack from behind,
he surprisingly quietly approached the dragon— With his right hand
stretched out, he forcefully grabbed the tip of the dragon’s swaying tail.

At that moment, the dragon let out a high-pitched cry. A shriek of
surprise—or maybe that was just my imagination. Being increasingly
unable to comprehend Kirito’s intentions, I was just about to let out a
scream too.

124


Warmth of the Heart

All of a sudden, the white dragon spread out both of its wings and
began a sharp ascend at terrific speed.
“Oof!”

The air struck my face. Without even the time to think about that,
our bodies flew out in midair with a force like that of being shot out of
a bow. While we held onto the dragon’s tail, it shook left and right as it
ran up the pit. The circular bottom of the pit became distant very
quickly.
“Liz! Hold on!!”

In response to Kirito’s voice, I clung onto his head in a trance. The
sunlight that shone on the surrounding ice ridges grew steadily
brighter with the pitch of the sound of the cutting winds changing
subtly— At the moment I thought the world exploded in a white
radiance, we were flown outside of the hole.

The moment I opened my squinting eyes, a bird’s-eye view of the
vast 55th floor spread out below me.

Directly below me was a beautiful cone-shaped snowy mountain.
Slightly further off, a small village. Beyond the vast snow field and the
thick forest, the pointed roofs of every house of the main district were
joined together. The scene where all of these were glittering, struck by
the radiant sunlight, even made me forget about the terror, and I
unintentionally cheered.
“Waa...”

“Yeah—!!”

125


Warmth of the Heart

Kirito too shouted loudly, and let his right hand go from the
dragon’s tail. He carried me like a child and entrusted himself to the
inertia, dancing in the air.

The flight was only for several seconds, yet it felt like ten times
that. I believe I was smiling. The overwhelming light and winds were
sweeping through my heart. My emotions were being sublimated.
“Kirito— You know, I!!”

I shouted with all my heart.
“What!?”

“I, I like you!!”

“Come again!? I didn’t hear that!!”
“It’s nothing!!”

Clinging on tightly to his head, I burst out in laughter. Eventually,
this moment, which felt almost like a miracle, ended, and we closed in
on the ground. Turning about one last round, Kirito greatly widened
his legs and took up a landing posture.
The snow went, “Bafun!”, as it flew up into the air. A long glide.
Pushing our way through the white crystals like a snow-plow as we
were slowing down, we finally stopped near the mountain summit.
“...Fuu.”

Kirito took a breath of air and dropped me onto the ground. With
reluctance, I turned my head and unwrapped my arms from him.

The both of us looked towards the direction of the big hole
together; the dragon which seemed to have lost sight of us slowly flew
circles in the skies.

126


Warmth of the Heart

Kirito placed his hand on the sword on his back, drawing the
blade slightly, but immediately soon returned it to its scabbard with a
cling sound. With a light smile on his face, he faced the dragon and said
softly.

“...You must have been troubled by all of those turning up to hunt
you till now. Once the method of getting the item is spread, the people
coming to kill you should be gone too. So from now on, live carefree.”

—Facing a monster, which only moved according to the system
configured algorithm, and doing such a thing; that was something I
would have thought of as stupid up till yesterday. But for some reason,
I somehow felt that I could meekly welcome Kirito’s words into my
heart now. Reaching out with my right hand, I gently grasped Kirito’s
left hand.

The both of us silently watched over the scene as the white
dragon turned its head about, before giving a single clear cry and
descended into its nest. Silence arrived.
Before long, Kirito glanced this way, and spoke.

“Well then, let’s get back?”
“I guess so. “

“Want to go with the crystal?”
“...No, let’s walk back.”

I answered while smiling and stepped forward holding Kirito’s
hand. I then realized something and looked at Kirito’s face.

“Ah... The lantern and bedroll and such, we left them behind,
didn’t we.”

127


Warmth of the Heart

“Now that you mentioned it... Well, it’s okay. Somebody might
make use of it.”

We exchanged glances and laughed, this time for sure, we began
to slowly walk the mountain trail, following the road home. I took a
quick look around my nearby surroundings, the skies were clear,
without a single cloud in the sky.
“I’m back!”

I vigorously opened the door of my dear home.
“Welcome back.”

Despite the store-tending female NPC standing at the counter
merely giving a polite reply to my greeting, I waved my hand and
turned about, looking around my store. I had only been away for a
mere one day, but strangely enough, it seemed fresh.

Kirito, who had bought take-out from the same stall as yesterday,
entered the store behind me, with a hot dog held in his mouth.

“It’s almost noon after all, so you should have just eaten it in that
stall.”

As I voiced out my complaints, Kirito grinned as he waved his left
hand, bring out a window.
“Before that, let’s get to making it already, the sword.”

Deftly manipulating the inventory, he materialized the silver
ingot. Carefully catching it—ignoring the origin of the item for the
moment—I nodded.
“That’s right, let’s do it. Come over to the workshop.”

128


Warmth of the Heart

Opening the door behind the counter, the thudding sound of the
waterwheel became conspicuously louder. Pulling down the lever on
the wall, the bellows began to move, delivering air in. The furnace
immediately began to glow a vivid red.

I softly dropped the ingot into the furnace, and turned back
towards Kirito.
“A single-handed straight sword is fine, right?”

“Yep. I’m counting on you.”

Kirito nodded as he sat on the circle stool meant for visitors.

“Understood. —Just a word of warning, but the end result has an
aspect of randomness to it, so don’t expect too much from it, alright.”
“We can just go get it again if it fails. This time with a rope.”
“...Yeah, a long one.”

Recalling that grand fall, I unwittingly let out a smile. Dropping
my sight to the furnace, I noticed that the ingot seemed to have been
sufficiently burnt. Taking it out with pliers, I placed it onto the anvil.

I picked up my favorite smithing hammer from the wall, did the
setup on the menu, and took another glance towards Kirito’s face. In
reply to his silent nodding, I smiled, and grandly lifted the hammer
over my head.
I forged my spirit in as I hit the metal gleaming crimson; along
with a clear “Kan!” sound, bright sparks generously scattered about.

Within the section on smithing in the Reference Help, about the
manufacturing process, “According to the type of weapon being
created, and the rank of metal used, the ingot will need to be hit a
certain number of times.” was all that was used to describe it.

129


Warmth of the Heart

In other words, during the deed of striking the metal with the
hammer, there was no possibility for the player’s skill to affect
anything; this should be how it should be read, but there were all kinds
of rumors and occult-like theories floating about SAO, that the
precision of the striking rhythm and the fighting spirit of the
blacksmith is able to manipulate the result, such goes the firmly
ingrained opinions around.

I think of myself as a rational person, but I only put faith in this
theory through my long time of experience. Therefore, I would lose any
excess thoughts when producing arms, concentrating my awareness
within the right hand throwing down the hammer, striking without
stop with my mind blank—that is what I believe.
However.

While hitting the ingot, producing refreshing clanking sounds,
various thoughts whirled about in my mind now, unable to leave.

If the sword was made successfully, and the request finished—
Kirito would naturally return to the clearing at the frontlines, and there
should not be many chances to meet up. Even if he comes for
maintenance on the sword, that would be once every ten days at best.
Something like that—I don’t want something like that. I felt a
voice shouting so within myself.

While hungering for the warmth of another—no, that was why,
that was the reason why I hesitated shortening the distance with any
particular male player up until now. I was afraid of the lonely winter
within me completely changing with love. That was not true love, just a
delusion created by an illusional world; that was what I thought.
130


Warmth of the Heart

But last night, while feeling the warmth from Kirito’s hands, I
realized, that those feelings of hesitation were the illusional thorns that
bound me. I am myself— The blacksmith, Lisbeth, and at the same time,
Shinozaki Rika. Kirito was the same. Not a character from a game, but
an actual living human being. Hence, my love for him; these feelings are
real too.
If I manage to hit up a satisfying sword, I’ll confess my feelings to
him. That I want him to be by my side, that I want him to come back to
this home from the labyrinth, everyday, that’s what I’ll tell him.

By the time the ingot was forged, its radiance shining ever
brighter, the feelings within myself too, seemed to have been firmed up
as well. I felt my feelings flowing out from my right hand, streaming
into the weapon born from the hammer.
—And so, the moment had finally arrived.

I did not know how many times it had occurred thus far—
probably somewhere between two hundred to two hundred and fifty
times—immediately following the sound of the hammer, the ingot let
loose a noticeably dazzling white gleam.

The rectangular object changed its shape bit by bit as it shone. It
began growing palely from its front and rear, and next, a bulge that
resembled a hilt swelled outwards.
“Ohh...”

Letting out murmurs of wonder in a low tone, Kirito got up from
the chair, and approached. As we watched over side by side, the object
generation was completed in several seconds, finally revealing its
shape as a single long sword.
131


Warmth of the Heart

Beautiful; it was a truly beautiful sword. As a one-handed
longsword, it was rather gorgeous. The blade was pale, and though not
to the extent of a rapier, it was slender. As if it had inherited the
property of the ingot, it could be seen as extremely slightly transparent.
The blade was colored a blinding white. The grip was silver, with a
slight tinge of blue.

«A World Where The Sword Symbolizes The Player»; as if to
support that promised phrase, the variety of weapons set up in SAO
were outrageously numerous. If one were to list down the names
peculiar to the weapons included in each category from the start, it
was said that it would likely be thousands of lines long.

Unlike a normal RPG, the diversity of those distinguishing names
spread out further as the rank of the weapons increased. Lower ranked
weapons, for example, within the one-handed longswords, «Bronze
Sword», «Steel Sword»; for the swords with such dull names, countless
numbers of them existed in this world; but as for weapons of the
highest rank such as the one present here right now, taking something
like Asuna’s «Lambent Light» for example, there is likely only one in
the world, literally a one-of-a-kind object.

Of course, rapiers with the same level of ability, regardless of
whether they are player-made or dropped from monsters, probably do
exist. But each of them has a different name, possessing different
appearances. And with that, high level weapons have a certain charm
to them, becoming something like a partner with whom you share your
spirit with.

As the weapon’s name and appearance are decided by the system,
even us, the manufacturers do not completely understand it. I lifted up
the sword glittering atop the anvil—or at least, I tried to; I was
surprised by the weight, unsuitable for its elegant outward appearance.
132


Warmth of the Heart

It had a physical strength requirement that was not inferior to the
black sword Kirito holds, «Elucidator». Straining my back, I brought it
up before my chest with a cry.

Reaching out with a finger on my right hand supporting the base
of the sword blade, I gave it a single click. I looked into the popup
window that rose to its surface.

“Well, its name seems to be «Dark Repulser». It’s the first time
I’ve heard that, so I don’t believe it’s mentioned on the information
store’s list at the moment. —Here, try it out.”
“Aah.”

Kirito nodded and, reaching out with his right hand, he gripped
the sword’s handle. He lifted it up with actions that seemed unaffected
by its weight. Waving his left hand to draw out the main menu, he
manipulated the equipment figure, targeting the white sword. With
this, the sword would be equipped to Kirito in the system, allowing for
its numerical potential to be confirmed.

But Kirito immediately closed the menu, and having taken several
steps back, he switched it to his left hand, swinging a few times with
swishing sounds.
“—How is it?”

I asked without delay. Kirito stared at the blade for a short
moment in silence, but—soon, he smiled with a broad grin.
“It sure is heavy. ...It’s a good sword.”
“Really!? ...Alright!!”

133


Warmth of the Heart

I assumed a triumphant pose with my right hand without
thinking. With that hand reached out, I bumped it against Kirito’s right
fist.
It had been a while since I felt this way.

Long ago—during the time I did sales from a street stall on the
main streets of the tenth floor, I felt this way when my recklessly made
arms were praised by customers. I’m glad I became a blacksmith, that
was what I would honestly feel, from the bottom of my heart for that
instant. When I went on to master my skills and move on to do
business with only the high leveled players, I had forgotten about this
feeling before I realized it.
“...It’s a problem with my heart, huh... all of it...”

Towards the words I casually leaked out, Kirito inclined his head
with a curious look.

“N-No, it’s nothing. —Putting that aside, let’s have a drink
somewhere. I’m hungry.”

Raising my voice to hide my embarrassment, I pushed Kirito’s
shoulders from behind. I thought to get out of the workshop in that
posture, but—a question suddenly came to me.
“...Hey.”
“Hm?”

Kirito looked back over his shoulder. That hung on his back; the
black one-handed sword.

“Speaking of which— In the beginning, you did say, a sword equal
to this one, didn’t you. That white one certainly is a good sword, but I
134


Warmth of the Heart

don’t think there’s much difference with that monster dropped one.
Why would you need two swords resembling each other?”
“Aah...”

Kirito turned about, staring at me with an expression that showed
that he was hesitating over something.
“Well, I can’t explain everything. If you won’t ask any further than
that, I can tell you.”
“What’s with that, acting all cool.”

“Get away a little.”

After I stepped back alongside the workshop’s walls, with the
white sword still hung down, Kirito drew the black sword, from his
back with a high-pitched sound, with his right hand.
“...?”

I couldn’t comprehend his intentions. After having manipulated
the equipment figure earlier, with the current system, his equipped
status should be only the sword in his left hand; holding onto another
weapon with his right hand should not be of any use whatsoever. On
the contrary, with something that’s considered an irregular equipped
status like that, it would not be possible to activate sword skills.

Glancing towards my confused face for a mere instant, Kirito
calmly assumed a stance with the left and right swords. The right
sword in front, the left sword behind. Dropping his hips slightly, and
with that, in the very next instant.

A scarlet flash effect burst out, dyeing the workshop in its color.

The swords in Kirito’s hands alternated, attacking his front with a
speed that could not be followed by sight. “Kyubabababa!”, these

135


Warmth of the Heart

sounds exerted pressure on the very air, and despite not actually
aimed at anything, the objects within the room rattled.

It was obviously a sword technique arranged by the system.
But—I have never heard of anything like a skill that uses two swords!
In front of me, standing stock still as I caught my breath, Kirito
silently raised his body, having finished the consecutive attack
technique that probably reached ten chained hits.

Clearing away both swords—returning just the sword in his right
hand to his back, he looked at my face and spoke.

“And well, that’s how it is. —I’ll need a scabbard for this sword.
Can I choose one?”
“Ah... Y-Yeah.”

Just how many times had I already been dumbfounded by Kirito.
Although I should have been used to it by now, for the time being, I
decided to hold back my questions, reaching my hand towards the wall,
displaying the home menu.

Scrolling through the storage screen, I gazed through the
summary for the stock of scabbards I collected from craftsmen I was
close to. Picking out one rather similar to the one equipped on Kirito’s
back, made from black leather, I materialized it. After I set in a small
logo of my shop, I handed it over to Kirito. Kirito, having stored the
white sword into the scabbard with a brief sound, opened a window
and stashed it away. I thought he would equip both of them on his back,
but it doesn’t seem that way.
“...So it’s a secret? That earlier.”

“Nn, well, yeah. Don’t tell anyone about it, alright.”

136


Warmth of the Heart

137


Warmth of the Heart

“Got it.”

Skill information is one’s greatest lifeline, so if he tells me not to
ask, I won’t pursue the matter. That aside, I was glad that he even
allowed me even a peek at his secret, and nodded with a small smile.
“...Well then.”

Kirito placed his hands on his hips and his expression changed.

“This would be the end of my request. I’ll be paying for the sword.
How much?”
“Aah, that’s...”

I bit my lips for a moment—I verbalized the reply that had always
been seething within me.
“I won’t need, any payment.”

“...Eeh?”

“In return for that, I want Kirito to make me your exclusive smith.”

Kirito’s eyes showed slight signs of surprise.
“...Just what, do you mean by that...?”

“Whenever you complete your clearing, come over here, and let
me do maintenance on your equipment... —Everyday, from now on,
without fail.”

My heartbeat heightened without bounds. Whether this was a
feeling from my virtual body, or perhaps my actual heart, too, was
throbbing in the same way as well—I wondered about that in a corner
of my mind. My cheeks were on fire. Every single part of my face must
have turned completely red right now.
138


Warmth of the Heart

Even Kirito, who had always maintained his poker face, seemed to
have realized the meaning behind my words, and hung his red face
down from shyness. I had always thought of him as older, but after
seeing him in that state, it appeared like he was of the same generation,
or perhaps even younger than me.

I mustered up my courage and took a step forward, taking a hold
on his arm.
“Kirito... I...”

I cried those words out so loudly the time we escaped from the
dragon’s nest, but when speaking of it now, my tongue refuses to move.
I kept staring into Kirito’s black pupils, willing that single word to
come out one way or another— It was then.
The workshop’s door was forcefully opened. I released Kirito’s
hand by reflex, and jumped.
“Liz, I was so worried!!”

The person, who rushed in right after that instant, hugged me
with the same force as a body slam while shouting out in a large voice.
That chestnut-colored long hair softly danced in the air.
“Ah, Asuna...”

Asuna continued speaking without pause, staring closely at my
face, locked in a dumbfounded expression, the entire time.

“Messages couldn’t reach you; your map position couldn’t even be
traced; not to mention your regular customers didn’t know anything
about it, so just where did you go last night! I even went all the way to
the Black Iron Castle to check, you know!”
“So-Sorry. I just got stuck in the labyrinth for a bit...”

139


Warmth of the Heart

“The dungeon!? Liz, you went alone!?”

“Nah, with that person...”

I pointed in the direction diagonally behind Asuna with my glance.
Asuna spun around, and after noticing that swordsman dressed in
black standing there, looking bored, she froze with her eyes and mouth
left open blankly. Following that, in a voice an octave higher—
“Ki-Kirito-kun!?”
“Eeh!?”

This time, it was my turn to be amazed. I looked over at Kirito,
who was standing up straight, just like Asuna.
He gave a small cough, and spoke as he raised his right hand.

“Well, Asuna, it’s been a while... or not, I suppose. A couple of
days.”

“Y-Yeah. ...That was surprising. I see, so you came here right away.
If you had told me, I could have come along.”

Asuna hid her palms behind her, and laughed shyly, tapping the
floor repeatedly with the heels of her boots. I saw those cheeks slightly
tinged with the shade of cherry blossom pink.
I understood the entire situation.

It was not coincidence that brought Kirito to this shop. Keeping
that promise with me, Asuna recommended this place... to the person
in her heart.
—Just what should I do... Just what should I do.

All that swirled around in circles within my mind, were those
words. I felt like the heat from my entire body was slowly flowing out

140


Warmth of the Heart

from the tips of my feet. I can’t feel any strength. I can’t breathe.
Emotions came forth, without any way to release them...

Turning around to face the rigid me, Asuna casually spoke.

“This guy, did he say anything rude to Liz? He probably requested
for one absurd thing or another, right?”
And with that, she slightly inclined her head to the side.

“Eh... But, that would mean, that you were with Kirito-kun last
night?”
“W... Well...”

I took a step forward in that instant, grasped Asuna’s right hand,
and pushed open the door of the workshop. I looked towards Kirito for
a bit, and rapidly spoke as I tried to not look at his face.
“Please wait for a short while. We’ll be right back, so...”

I pulled Asuna’s hand in that manner, exiting through the counter.
Shutting the door, we went outside the shop through the gap between
the display windows.
“Wait, wait, Liz, what’s the matter?”

Despite hearing Asuna’s questioning voice, I silently headed
towards the main street, continuing to walk at a quick pace. I just
couldn’t bear to stay in front of Kirito any further. If I didn’t escape, it
seemed like I would have run into the realization that I had lost my
way.

As though she had noticed my abnormal state, Asuna silently
followed without saying another word. I gently released the girl’s hand.
141


Warmth of the Heart

We entered the side street facing east, walked for a short while,
and found a small sidewalk cafe that seemed like it was being hidden
by the high stone wall. There wasn’t a single customer. I chose a table
at the edge, and sat down on a white chair.

Asuna peered into my face as she sat on the opposite side, not
giving any impression of her thoughts.
“...What’s the matter, Liz...?”

I strained to gather the slightest bit of vigor I could, putting a
large smile on my face. The same smile as always, the one from times
we cheerfully exchanged gossip.
“...Well, it’s that person, isn’t it...”

Crossing my arms, I leaned in to look into Asuna’s face.
“E-Eeh?”

“The one Asuna likes!”
“Ah...”

Asuna casted her eyes down, her shoulders appearing to narrow.
She gave a nod with her cheeks blushed.
“...Yeah.”

Throb; as I ignored the sharp pain that jabbed itself into my chest,
I showed a broad grin yet again.
“Well, he certainly is a strange person; a really strange one.”

“...Did Kirito-kun do something...?”

I gathered all my might and replied with a nod, to the worrylooking Asuna.

142


Warmth of the Heart

“He just went and broke the best sword in my store all of a
sudden.”
“Wah... So-Sorry...”

“It’s not really something Asuna has to apologize for.”

Looking at Asuna who was crossing her hands as if she had done
the deed herself, something deep within my chest throbbed further.
Just a bit more... It’s just a bit more, keep going, Lisbeth.

Whispering to myself in my heart, I somehow managed to
maintain my smile.

“Well, anyway, to create the type of sword requested by that
person, it turned out that a rare metal was necessary, so we went to
the upper floors to get it. And during that, we got caught in some minor
trap, you see; we had trouble escaping from it, that’s why I wasn’t back.”

“So that was it... You could have just called for me, ah, messages
couldn’t be sent either, huh...”
“I should have invited Asuna along too, sorry about that.”

“No, the guild had clearing activities yesterday, so.... So, did you
make the sword?”

“Ah, yeah. Geez, I wouldn’t want to do this kind of troublesome
work again.”
“You should definitely charge him a real high price for that.”

We started laughing at the same time.

I kept a small smile on my face, and mentioned one final comment.
143


Warmth of the Heart

“Well, he’s weird, but certainly not a bad person. I’ll be rooting for
you, so do your best, Asuna.”
That was the limit. The end of my words trembled.
“Y-Yeah, thanks...”

As Asuna nodded, she inclined her head to the side and looked
into my face. Before she could see what were hidden under my eyelids,
I sharply stood up, and spoke.

“Ah, oh no! I, I had an appointment arranged to buy some stock.
I’ll be going down for a bit!”
“Eh, in the store... What about Kirito-kun?”

“Go keep him company, Asuna! I’ll be counting on you!”

I turned about, and broke into a run. I looked at Asuna, behind my
back, and hurriedly waved my hand at her. There was no way I could
turn back.

After I ran towards the gate plaza, all the way to a place where I
could not see that open cafe from, I took the first turn, bending towards
the south. I kept to the edge of the town, aiming at the areas without
players, single-mindedly running without pause.
When my view distorted, I wiped my eyes with my right hand.
Wiping them over and over again as I ran.

When I noticed, I had reached all way just before the castle walls
that surrounded the town. Before the gently curving walls stretching
out, large trees were planted in regular spaces from each other. I
entered the shade under one of them, standing still with my hand on its
trunk.
“Uguu... Uu...”

144


Warmth of the Heart

My voice leaked out from my throat, without the slightest attempt
to muffle it. The tears I had desperately forced back streamed out one
after one, vanishing as they poured down my cheeks.
It was the second time I had cried since I came to this world.
From the time I panicked and cried on the day I first logged in, I
convinced myself that I would cry again no more. I thought that I did
not need these tears, forcibly flowing down due to the emotion
expression system. But I have never felt tears more feverish, more
painful than the ones running down my cheeks right now, not even
those that flowed in the real world.

When I was talking with Asuna, there was one thing that never
managed to get out. “I like that person too,” these words almost came
out countless times. However, there was no way I could say them.

At the workshop, the instant I saw Kirito and Asuna turn to talk to
each other, I understood that there was no place for me beside Kirito.
That is because— On that snowy mountain, I had exposed Kirito’s life
to danger. No one can stand beside that person, aside from one who
possesses that same stout heart. That’s right... Like for example,
someone like Asuna...

The two were connected by a powerful pulling force, much like
the pairing between a meticulously made sword and sheath. That was
what I felt strongly. And beyond all else, Asuna had been constantly
thinking about Kirito for countless months, and with the hard work she
put in to narrow the gap between them bit by bit, day after day, there
was no way I could just do something like thrust myself into that
relationship all of a sudden.

That’s right... I had known Kirito for no more than a single full day.
Going on an adventure I was unused to with an unfamiliar person, my
145


Warmth of the Heart

heart must have been just surprised by that. It wasn’t the truth. These
weren’t my true feelings. If I were to fall in love, I wouldn’t hurry;
slowly thinking about it—I should have always, always thought of it as
that.
But still, just why were these tears still flowing out.

Kirito’s voice, his actions, all of those expressions he had shown in
those twenty-four hours floated by before my shut eyelids one after
another. The sensations of him brushing my hair, taking hold of my
arm, his hand grasping mine. His warmth, the heat from that beating
heart— As these seething recollections passed through me, a sharp
pain resounded deep within my chest.
Forget it. It’s all a dream. Wash it all away with these tears.

Holding tightly on the trunk of a tree by the side of the road, I
cried. Looking downwards while stifling my voice, I continued crying.
These tears would have dried up sooner or later in the real world, but
it seems that these scalding liquids overflowing from my eyes had no
intention to ever stop flowing.
And—from behind me, that voice came.
“Lisbeth.”

My entire body trembled with a start as my name was called out.
That tender, gentle voice, still left with echoes of its original boyish
tone.

It must be a dream. There was no way he could be here. Thinking
that, I turned my face upwards, without even bothering to wipe my
tears away.
146


Warmth of the Heart

Kirito stood there. The eyes within those black forelocks, showing
an ache from a grief unique to him, looked at me. I briefly glanced back
at those eyes, and soon murmured with a quaver in my voice.

“...That’s no good, coming here right now. I would have returned
to the usual energetic Lisbeth in just a little more too.”
“...”

Kirito silently took a step forward; he tried to reach out with his
right hand. I shook my head lightly, stopping him.
“...How did you find this place?”

Upon hearing that, Kirito pondered, and pointed towards the
middle of the town.
“From over there...”

At the point of that finger, far off from here, the spire of the
church, built opposing the gate plaza, jutted up above the ripples of
buildings.
“I gazed throughout the town, and found you.”

“He, he.”

My tears silently continued streaming down as before, but after
listening to Kirito’s answer, a smile floated to my mouth.
“You’re as ridiculous as always, huh.”

Even that part of him... I liked that. To a hopeless extent.

I felt yet another surge of sobbing welling up within myself. I
frantically held it down.
147


Warmth of the Heart

“Sorry, I’m... fine, you see. Hurry up and get back to Asuna
already.”

The moment I managed to say and was about to turn around,
Kirito continued his words.
“I—I wanted to give thanks to Liz.”

“Eh...?”

Befuddled by the unexpected remark, I stared at his face.

“...I, in the past, there was a time when my guild members were
annihilated... With that, I decided never again, to ever get close to
others.”
Kirito gave a fleeting frown, chewing on his lips.

“That’s why, usually, I avoid forming a party with anyone at all.
However, yesterday, the moment Liz invited me to do that quest, it
went fine for some reason. I kept thinking it was strange throughout
the day. Just why was I walking alongside this person...”

I forgot the pain in my chest for an instant, taking a look at Kirito.
That means— That means, I was...

“Until now, no matter who asked, I rejected all of them. When
those I knew... No, even for those whose names I didn’t even know, just
by watching others battle, I just froze in fear. I couldn’t help but want
to just run away. That’s pretty much why I had always secluded myself
at the foremost of the foremost of the frontlines, where people rarely
came. —When we fell in that hole, I even thought that it would be
better to die together than be the one left behind; that is definitely not
a lie.”
148


Warmth of the Heart

He showed a faint smile. It felt like a boundless amount of selfcondemnation laid deep within that, taking my breath away.

“But you lived. It was unexpected, but the fact that I was able to
live on with Liz made me really glad. And, that night... When you gave
me your hand, everything was laid bare. Liz’s hand was warm... This
person is still alive, that was what I thought. I, and everyone one else as
well, we definitely don’t exist just for the sake of welcoming death
someday; I believe we live for the sake of living on. So... Thanks, Liz.”
“...”

This time, a true smile rose up from deep within my heart. Driven
by a mysterious strong emotion, I opened my mouth.

“I was the same ... I was the same; I have always been searching
for that. For a special something true, in this world. To me, that was the
warmth from your hand.”

All of a sudden, that thorn of ice pierced deep within my heart
gently melted away, that was similar to what it felt like. My tears had
also ceased some time ago. For a short period of time, we stared at
each other in silence. That sensation that appeared during the time we
flied made its entrance once again, brushing against my heart for a
mere instant, and vanished.
I was rewarded. That was what I believed.

The words from Kirito just then engulfed the broken fragments of
my love that had cracked apart, and I felt them sinking down
somewhere deep inside.

I swiftly blinked my eyes once, shaking off small drops, and
opened my mouth to speak with a smile.

149


Warmth of the Heart

“Those words earlier, be sure to let Asuna hear them too. That girl
is suffering too. She wants Kirito’s warmth, after all.”
“Liz...”

“I’m fine.”

I nodded softly, holding onto my chest with my hands.

“This fever will remain for just a little longer. So... Please, Kirito,
end this world. I’ll be sure to work hard until then. But, when we
return to the real world...”
I grinned with an impish smile.

“We’ll go right into round two with that.”
“...”

Kirito smiled as well, giving a deep nod. Next, he swung his left
hand, opening a window. Just as I wondered what he was up to, the
«Elucidator» was removed from his back, stored into the inventory.
Following that, he manipulated his equipment figure, materializing a
new sword in its place. «Dark Repulser», the white sword filled with
my emotions.

“From today onwards, this sword will be my partner. The bill
will... be settled for in the other world.”
“Oh, now you’ve gone and said it. It’ll come at quite a cost.”

As we shared laughter, we bumped our right fists against each
other.

“Well, let’s get back to the store. Asuna must be tired of waiting...
And I’m getting hungry too, anyway.”
150


Warmth of the Heart

I said that, and began to walk after getting up in front of Kirito.
For one final time, I firmly wiped my eyes, scattering the last of the
tears still in the corners of my eyes, and they vanished into beads of
light.

151


Warmth of the Heart

Chapter 4
The cold was noticeably harsher today,

I entered my workshop while rubbing my hands together. Pulling
the lever on the wall, I warmed my hands over the furnace that
immediately ignited, burning red hot. The thudding sound of the
waterwheel remained the same at least, but the early winter right now
was already this cold. If midwinter were to come and the small river at
the back freezes over, I was worried over just what would happen to
me.

I thought hard for a short while before coming to my senses with
a start, and consulted my scheduler. There were still eight items piled
up in the list of orders due today. The day will soon come to an end if I
don’t hurry and settle them.

The first order was a lightweight-type one-handed straight sword.
I peered through my list of ingots, picking out one that was a good
compromise between budget and performance shortly after, and
tossed it into the furnace.
At this point in time, my mastery of the hammer had increased,
and I even got my hands on some new metals, so I have been able to
constantly hit up high leveled weapons. Selecting a time when the fire
has heated to a suitable temperature, I placed the ingot onto the anvil.
Setting up the hammer, I swung it down with great vigor.

152


Warmth of the Heart

But, when speaking about one-handed straight swords— Not a
single sword was able to exceed that particular sword I forged back in
the summer of this year. That fact is frustrating, yet a relief.

That sword that had buried the fragments of my heart was
probably spiritedly rampaging through the faraway frontlines yet
again today. Although I do tend to it on this very whetstone before my
eyes every now and then, unlike normal weapons, the transparency of
its blade seemed to increase with use. For some reason, it seemed
unlike the numerical consumables that run out sooner or later; it felt
more like it would break apart once its duty had been completed—that
was what I predicted.

But well, that was probably still a future that wouldn’t be here
anytime soon. The frontlines were now on the seventy-fifth floor. That
sword would still have to work on for longer still. Within the right
hand of that person—Kirito’s.

When I noticed, it seemed that I had already finished hitting it for
the required number of times; the ingot started to change its shape as
it shone with red light. I watched this magical instant pass with my
breath held, and picked up the sword that soon appeared to examine it.
“...Average, I guess.”

Murmuring so, I placed that onto the worktable. Without delay, I
started picking out the next ingot. This time was a two-handed axe,
with the focus on its reach...
A time long after the start of noon, I somehow managed to finish
off all of the orders, and stood up. Moving my head around in circles, I
153


Warmth of the Heart

stretched my body vigorously. As I took a breath of relief, a small photo
hanging on the wall entered my vision.

Making peace signs while joined together, Asuna and me. Beside
Asuna, standing half a step below, Kirito with a wry smile. It was taken
in front of this building. Around half a month ago—when the news of
the two’s marriage came in.
No matter who you might ask, the two certainly suit each other,
but getting to that goal eventually took an entire half a year. I was
getting impatient, and tried to poke my nose into their relationship in
various ways, and when I was finally informed of the news of their
marriage in the end, I was really happy for them. But still—I felt just
the slightest, heartrending ache.

I still see what happened on that night in my dreams. Recollecting
that single dreamlike night that shone like a modest gem within these
two years with barely any ups-and-downs. Even right now, after three
months had already passed, it still warmed my heart like glowing
embers.
“...Even so...”

It certainly was amazing, I murmured thus in my heart, and softly
traced the photo with my finger. Even though I consider myself to be a
rational realist, to think that I had such an unreserved disposition was
something that I didn’t even notice at all.
“I had always loved you, until the very end.”

Giving a firm tap onto a certain spot on the photo, I shifted my
thoughts. Wondering if I should make a simple meal for my late lunch,
or perhaps eat out for the first time in a while, I stepped out of my
workshop—it happened then.

154


Warmth of the Heart

A sound effect that I had never heard till now resounded loudly
from above. Ding, ding, a sound resembling a bell alarm... I immediately
gazed at the ceiling, but it seemed that the sound was coming from
even higher, reverberating from the direction of the upper floors.
I was just about to run out hurriedly, when something that
surprised me even further happened. Although the reason behind it is
obvious, the store-tending NPC, who stood at the counter, not needing
a single day of rest since the opening of the store, suddenly vanished
without even a single sound.
“...!?”

I blinked my eyes, and stared at the space where the girl stood till
earlier, but there was no sign of her return. The situation was getting
more and more convoluted.

To me, who stumbled my way out, an even more astonishing
experience caused me to stand stock still.

On the bottom of the upper floor that spread out, a hundred
meters above, right before that barren grey roof—gigantic red letters
were suspended, spaced tightly together. I stared absorbed at them;
the two English lines, “Warning”, and, “System Announcement”, were
arranged on a checkered pattern.
“System... Announcement...”

It was a scene I had seen before. There was no way I could have
forgotten it. Two years ago, on that day this death game started, the
exact same spectacle appeared behind that hollow avatar that
announced the change of rules to the ten thousand players.

Finally looking around my surroundings after being frozen to that
for several full seconds, I spotted many other players, looking up at the

155


Warmth of the Heart

upper floor while standing straight up, just like me. Frowning as I felt
something off about this scene, the reason instantly came to mind.

Usually, while walking through the streets, there would be NPCs
hawking their wares; not a single one was around. I believe they
probably disappeared at the same time as the one tending to my store
did, but... just why—

All of a sudden, the ringing alarm sound stopped. After a moment
of silence, this time, what came down was a tender female voice, in that
same loud volume.
[We will now be announcing an urgent notice to all of the
players.]

It was completely different from the voice of the Game Master,
Kayaba Akihiko, from two years ago, being an artificial synthetic voice
with the sounds of electronic noise mixed in. It was obviously an
announcement made through the game system, but with barely any
presence of the management in SAO, this was the first time I had heard
of an announcement done via these means. I strained my ears to listen
while holding my breath.
[The game will now be entering forced administration mode. All
monsters and item spawns will be suspended. All NPCs will be
dismissed. The hit points of all players will be fixed to their maximum
amount.]
A system error? Did some fatal bug appear...?

That was what I thought for an instant. My heart was gripped
with unease. But in the next moment—

[Aincrad Standard Time, November the seventh, fourteen-fiftyfive, the game has been cleared.]

156


Warmth of the Heart

—And the system voice reported thus.
The game, has been cleared.

I could not understand the meaning of those words for several
seconds. The other players around too, stood still with their
expressions frozen. However, upon hearing the line it led to, all of them
sprung up.

[All players will be logged out in sequence. Kindly wait at your
current location. I repeat...]

Suddenly, “Wooah!”, and such huge cheers of joy erupted. The
ground, no, the whole of the Floating Castle Aincrad trembled.
Everyone was hugging each other, rolling about the ground, shouting
out loud with their hands raised towards the sky.

I didn’t move, didn’t say a word, simply standing in front of my
store. I somehow managed to lift up my hands, and covered my mouth.
So he did it. He—Kirito did it. With his usual recklessness...

That was what I believed. After all, the foremost frontlines were
still at the seventy-fifth floor, but with the game cleared like this, this
absurd, thoughtless, act of foolhardiness was definitely Kirito’s deed.
I felt like I heard soft murmurs close to my ears.
—I, kept my word...

“Yeah... Yeah... Finally, you did it...”

With that, hot tears spilled from my eyes. Without bothering to
wipe them away, I thrust my right hand up with all my might, jumping
up and down without stop.
“O—oh!!”

157


Warmth of the Heart

Cupping my hands to my mouth, so as to reach him, who should
be on the upper floors far away, I cried out as loud as I could.
“We will, definitely meet again, Kirito—!! ...I love you!!”

(END)
158


Morning Dew Girl

Morning Dew Girl

159


Morning Dew Girl

Chapter 1
Asuna has always set her morning alarm to seven-fifty.

If you were to ask why it’s at such a vague time, it’s because
Kirito’s morning alarm goes off right at eight. Waking up ten minutes
beforehand and looking at him, asleep beside her while she’s still in
bed, is a hobby of hers.

This morning, Asuna once again woke up to the mellow sound of
woodwind instruments and continued lying down, gazing at Kirito’s
sleeping face while resting her head on her hands.

She fell in love half a year ago. They became clearing partners two
weeks ago. And only a mere six days had passed since they got married
and moved here, within the forest of the twenty-second floor. Despite
being her most beloved, she was certainly still in the dark about many
things related to Kirito. For one, as she peered over his sleeping face,
she gradually became less sure of his age.
Just a while back, due to his uncaring and aloof nature, she had
figured that he should be a little older than her. However, the sight of
Kirito, deep in sleep, extruded such naive innocence, that he could only
look like a young boy, no older than her.

Asking for something like his age probably— would not be a
problem. However, breaching into affairs of the real world was
frowned upon, and besides, the two of them were already husband and
wife. Rather than age, to meet again after returning to the real world,
160


Morning Dew Girl

exchanging information from actual names and addresses to contact
details, would be much more reliable.

loud.

However, Asuna was not quite able to bring herself to say that out

She was afraid that after speaking of matters from the real world,
this «married life» would feel like nothing more than a flimsy figment
of her imagination. To the current Asuna, her single, most important
reality, were these gentle days in this forested home; even if it became
impossible to escape from this world, with their actual bodies
welcoming death, she would still be satisfied, being able to continue
living this way till the very end, passing on without regrets.
That was why she would not wake up from this dream just yet—
Thinking so, Asuna softly stretched out her hand and caressed the
sleeping Kirito’s face.
Even so, it sure was a childish sleeping face.

There was certainly no need to doubt Kirito’s strength at that
moment. The extraordinary amount of experience accumulated from
playing through the beta test period, as well as the numerical stats
acquired through continuous fighting, and to use those effectively, his
judgment and determination. He might have lost to the leader of the
Knights of the Blood, «Holy Sword» Heathcliff, but Kirito was the
strongest player that Asuna knew of. Regardless of how grim the
battlefield may get, she would never feel nervous with him by her side.

However, as she gazed at the curled up Kirito lying down,
somehow, the feeling that he was just like a naive and fragile little
brother boiled up within her, struggling to burst out from her chest.
The feeling that she must protect him.

161


Morning Dew Girl

Gently breathing, Asuna leaned over, covering Kirito’s body with
her arm. She softly whispered.
“Kirito-kun... I love you. Stay with me forever, alright?”

At that moment, Kirito trembled lightly, slowly opening his
eyelids. The couple exchanged glances, with their faces right before
each other.
“Waa!!”

Asuna pulled back frantically. Shifting to a kneeling posture on
the bed, she spoke as her face blushed scarlet.

“Go-Good morning, Kirito-kun. ...Did you... hear that just now...?”
“Good morning. Just now... eh, did something happen?”

Facing the Kirito, who rose up and replied while stifling a yawn,
Asuna wildly flailed her hands around.
“N-No, nothing happened!”

Finishing a breakfast of sunny-side-up eggs with rye bread, salad,
and coffee and tidying up the table in a couple of seconds, Asuna
clapped her hands together.
“Well! Where shall we play today?”

“Oh, you.”

And Kirito gave a wry smile.

“Don’t talk about something like that so bluntly,”

“But everyday has been so much fun, you know.”

These were Asuna’s real and pure thoughts.

162


Morning Dew Girl

Just thinking back brought out painful memories, but during the
one and a half years, from the time she became a prisoner of SAO to
when she fell in love with Kirito, Asuna had forged and hardened her
heart.

Sacrificing sleep to strengthen her skill levels, being chosen as the
sub-leader of the clearing guild, Knights of the Blood, she had plunged
into the labyrinths at a pace fast enough to cause even members to give
up at times.

All that was in her heart was solely to clear the game and escape;
thus, she concluded that all other activities unrelated to that cause
were useless.
With these thoughts running through her mind, Asuna could not
help but regret not being able to chance upon Kirito earlier. The days
after meeting him were so vibrant, so filled with surprises that they
surpassed even her previous life in the real world. If it was with him,
the time spent here could all be considered rare experiences.

That was why to Asuna, finally being able to get a day where both
of them could pass time together, each and every second could be
thought of as a precious jewel in itself. She wanted to go, as a couple, to
more and more places together and talk about many different topics.
Asuna placed her hands on her waist and spoke while pouting.
“Then doesn’t Kirito-kun want to go somewhere and play?”

In response to that, Kirito grinned broadly and waved his left
hand, calling out a map. Switching it to its visible mode, he presented it
to Asuna. The floor’s arrangement of forests and lakes were displayed
on it.
“Right about here.”

163


Morning Dew Girl

What was pointed out was a corner of a forest, not too far away
from their home.

Being one of the lower floors, the twenty-second floor was
naturally quite wide. The diameter of the entire area was possibly over
eight kilometers long. A humongous lake existed in the middle and to
the southern coast lay the main town, «Coral» Village. On the northern
coast was the labyrinth. The rest of the area was covered by a beautiful
coniferous forest. The little home belonging to Asuna and Kirito was in
an area on the southern edge of the floor, and what Kirito was
currently pointing to was to the north-east, roughly two kilometers
away.

“Well, it’s about a rumor I heard about in the village yesterday... In
this part, where the forest thickens... “It” seems to come out.”
“Hah?”

To the subtly smiling Kirito, Asuna doubtfully responded.

“What does?”
“...A ghost.”

Rendered speechless for a moment, she timidly asked.

“...That means, a monster of the Astral type? Something like a
wraith or a banshee?”
“Nope, it’s the real thing. A player... that is, a human spirit.
Apparently a female.”
“Aah...”

Asuna involuntarily winced. Towards topics like this, Asuna was
confident only of being affected worse than the average person. She
was bad enough with them to think up random reasons to ditch the

164


Morning Dew Girl

clearing of the old castle labyrinth, stretched over the sixty-fifth and
sixty-sixth floors, renowned for its horror theme.
“B-But you see, this is the virtual world of a game. Something
like— a ghost coming out, something like that could never happen.”

Forcing herself to keep her smile, she started protesting
vehemently.
“Just how true is that, I wonder...”

But Kirito, who knew that Asuna was weak against ghosts,
enthusiastically went on the offense.

“For example... A player who died with unfulfilled regrets,
possessing the Nerve Gear still attached and switched on... wandering
through the field, night after night...”
“Stop th—!”

“Wahaha, sorry about that, it was just a bad joke. Well, I doubt
that a spirit will really appear, but if we’re going somewhere, it’s best
to head for a place with a higher chance of something interesting
happening, right?”
“Aaah...”

Curling her lips into a pout, Asuna shifted her focus outside the
window.

Despite winter soon approaching, the weather sure was fine. The
sunlight seemed warm and gentle, pouring down onto the garden’s
lawn. A time most unsuitable for events such as the appearance of a
ghost. Due to how Aincrad was structured, although it was impossible
to see the sun directly except during early morning and evening,
thanks to the adequate ambient lighting, the field was vividly lit up.

165


Morning Dew Girl

Asuna turned back towards Kirito and replied, with her head held
up high.
“Alright, let’s go. To prove that there’s no way something like a
ghost could actually exist.”

“And that’s that. —If we don’t find it today, we’ll go in the middle
of the night next time, yeah?”
“No way!! ...I won’t be making any food for a bully like that.”
“Gah, scratch that. You didn’t hear anything.”

Giving Kirito one final scowl, Asuna broke into a grin and laughed.

“Well, let’s finish up the preparations. I’ll be grilling the fish, so
Kirito-kun, cut the bread, okay?”

Quickly stuffing a lunch box with fish burgers, it was nine o’clock
in the morning when they left the house.

Stepping onto the lawn in the garden, Asuna turned back to Kirito
and spoke.
“Hey, let me ride on your shoulders.”

“Let you ride on my shoulders!?”

Kirito replied wildly, returning the question.

“You see, always looking from the same height gets boring. It
should be a piece of cake with Kirito-kun’s physical strength stat, right?”
“Well, that might be true... Geez, just how old are you...”

“Age doesn’t have anything to do with it! Isn’t it fine? It’s not like
anyone is watching.”
“Al-Alright, I guess..”

166


Morning Dew Girl

Astounded, Kirito squatted down and turned his back towards
Asuna while shaking his head. Raising her skirt, she lifted her legs onto
his shoulders.
“There we go. But I’ll be sure to hit you if you look back, alright.”
“Aren’t you being unreasonable...?”

Grumbling about the situation, Kirito nimbly rose, resulting in an
instant rise in the point of view.
“Waa! Look, you can even see the lake from here!”
“I can’t see it!!”

“Then I’ll do it for you later too.”
“...”

Placing her hands on Kirito’s head, who was slumped over with
exhaustion over the current events, Asuna spoke.
“Now, it’s time to depart! Set a course, north by north-east!”

Laughing cheerfully aboard the shoulders of Kirito, who was
steadily walking forward, Asuna was able to grasp how precious these
days were, being able to live together. She could wholeheartedly
believe that this was the time she had felt most «alive» in all the
seventeen years of her life.
Strolling along the path— well, Kirito was the only one who was
actually put in effort, but— After about ten minutes, one of the
numerous lakes dotting the twenty-second floor finally came into view.
Perhaps tempted by the gentle weather, there were already several
players who were there since morning, casting into the lake, lures

167


Morning Dew Girl

dangling in the water. The path curled around the lake, heading uphill,
quite a distance away from the lake shore. But as they approached,
players who noticed turned towards them and waved. It seemed that
everyone they saw smiled at them and some were even laughing aloud.
“...This isn’t like no one’s watching at all!!”

“Ahaha, so there were people around... Hey, Kirito-kun, wave back
at them too.”
“There’s no way I’ll do that.”

Despite his complaints, Kirito showed no sign of wanting to let
Asuna down. Asuna understood that he was actually amused by the
turn of events.

The path soon sloped downwards, towards the right, heading into
the deep forest. Weaving through the space between the enormous
coniferous trees resembling cedar, towering over all else, they strolled
on lightly. The rustling of leaves, the murmuring of a small stream, the
chirping of small birds. All of these sounds served as a complement for
the forest scenery, dyed in the colors of autumn.

Asuna turned her eyes towards the treetops, which were closer to
her than usually.
“The tree sure is big... Hey, do you think you can climb it...?”

“Hm... Mm...”
try?”

In response to Asuna’s query, Kirito thought about it for a while.

“It’s probably within the limits of the system... Want to give it a

“Nah, let’s leave that to next time. —Now that I think about
climbing.”

168


Morning Dew Girl

Asuna stretched her body while mounted on Kirito’s shoulders
and looked towards the outer edge of Aincrad, through the gaps
between the trees.

“Those things around the edge, the ones that look like supports,
they are connected all the way to the next floor, right? I wonder... just
what would happen if we climbed up those?”
“Ah, I tried that before.”

“Eeh!?”

Bending her body, she turned and peered at Kirito.

“Why didn’t you invite me too.”

“Well, it was from when we didn’t know each other that well yet.”

“What, that’s just because Kirito-kun kept running away.”
“...D-Did I really do that?”

“That’s right. I always tried inviting you, but you weren’t even
willing to accompany me for tea.”
“Th-That’s... We-Well, putting that aside.”

Steering the conversation that had started taking a strange turn
back onto the original topic, Kirito continued.

“If you were to judge based purely on the results, it was a failure.
Climbing from the parts where the rocks were more rugged was
surprisingly easy, but after climbing for around eighty meters, an error
message came out, going all, ‘You can’t go beyond this area’ and pissing
me off.”
“Ah ha ha, so as expected, cheating doesn’t work, huh.”

169


Morning Dew Girl

“It’s not a laughing matter. My hands slipped from the shock and I
fell magnificently...”
“E-Eh!? Wouldn’t you usually die from something like that?”

“Yeah. I thought I was doomed. If I was another three seconds late
with that Teleport Crystal, I would have become a new recruit on the
list of players killed in action.”

“Geez, that was dangerous. Make sure you don’t repeat it, alright?”

“That’s what I wanted to say!”

Strolling while exchanging their aimless conversation, the forest
gradually became more dense. Even the cries of the elusive birds
around, as well as the sunlight, leaking through the treetops began to
fade away.
As Asuna glanced around once again, she questioned Kirito.

“Hey, that... place in that rumour, just which way is it?”
“Well, it’s...”

Kirito waved his hand, checking their bearings on the map.
“Ah, we’re pretty close by. We’ll reach it in a few minutes.”

“Hmm... Hey, about this case, were there any details on it?”

She didn’t really want to hear about it, but not knowing anything
made her just as uneasy, prompting her to ask.

“Well, about a week back, a woodworking craftsman (woodcraft)
player seemed to have come around here to gather some logs. The
lumber that can be harvested from this forest are of fairly good quality,
and while the player was engrossed in the task, it grew dark... The
170


Morning Dew Girl

player hurried to return, but covered by the shade of the trees... there
was a fleeting sight of white.”
“...”

This was already the limit for Asuna, but Kirito mercilessly
continued.

“The player got flustered thinking that it was a monster, but
apparently, that wasn’t it. It was a human, or rather, a little girl, as the
player had mentioned. Long, black hair on white garments. Slowly
walking towards a grove of trees. If it wasn’t a monster, it could only be
a player, the player thought, gazing at her.”
“...”

“—There wasn’t a cursor.”
“Ee...”

A soft cry unintentionally leaked out from her throat.

“There’s no way that’s possible. Despite thinking that, the player
got closer. And even called out to her. Doing so, the girl ceased all
movement... she gradually turned around towards him...”
“Th-Th-That’s e-eno...”

“Then, the man finally noticed. The girl, as the moonlight shone
down onto her white clothes, the trees next to her— could be seen
right through her.”
“——!!”

Stifling a scream, Asuna gripped onto Kirito’s hair tightly.

“It’s the end of me if she turns around, he thought and ran away.
Finally getting away far enough to spot the light from the village, he

171


Morning Dew Girl

figured that he was safe and stopped... wheezing, he turned to look
behind...”
“——h!?”

“And there wasn’t anyone there. And he lived happily ever after.”

“...Ki-Ki-Kirito-kun, you idiot—!!”

Jumping down from his shoulders, she raised her fist, seriously
getting ready to let loose a punch at his back— at that very moment.

Deep within the depths of the forest, gloomy, despite it still being
midday, at a distance from the pair, something white peeked at them
from the side of the trunk of a coniferous tree.

Assaulted by an ominous aura, Asuna became frozen with fear.
Even if it was not as much as Kirito’s, Asuna’s perception skills too,
were rather refined through experience. Passively toggling the usage of
the skill on, she could improve the clarity of whatever she focuses on.
Something white appeared to be fluttering in the wind. It was not
a plant. Nor a rock. But cloth. Or to put it in detail, it was a one piece
dress with distinct lines. Peeking out from the hem were two slender,
long— legs.

The girl stood still. Almost as Kirito had described, she was a
young girl clothed in a white one piece dress, unmoving, silently
staring at the couple.

Feeling faint as her consciousness leaked away, Asuna somewhat
managed to open her mouth. She let out a raspy whisper.
up.

“Ki... Kirito-kun, over there.”

Kirito quickly followed Asuna’s gaze. Immediately, he too, froze
172


Morning Dew Girl

“Th-This has gotta be a lie...”

The girl did not move. Standing roughly ten meters away from the
pair, her gaze was fixed on them. At that very moment, Asuna braced
herself, thinking that she would definitely faint if the girl came any
closer.
The girl’s body swayed— unsteadily. Like a mechanical doll that
had run out of energy, she tumbled to the ground, with a motion unlike
that of a living being. A light thud gently resonated out.
“There’s...”

At that instant, Kirito narrowed his eyes.

“No way something like that’s a ghost!!”
And ran as he yelled out.

“Wa-Wait up, Kirito-kun!”

Despite the pleas to stop from Asuna who was left behind, Kirito
rushed towards the fallen girl, without even looking back.
“Geez!!”

Asuna reluctantly stood up and chased after him. Despite her
heart still trembling, she had never heard of a ghost that could faint
and fall over. That could not be anything but a player.

Late by several seconds, upon reaching the shade under the
coniferous tree, she found the girl already cradled within Kirito’s arms.
She was still unconscious. Her eyes, shaded by long eyelashes, were
still closed, with her arms feebly hanging straight down. Gazing
earnestly over her figure, wrapped in the one piece dress, Asuna
reconfirmed that it was not translucent in any way.
173


Morning Dew Girl

“I-Is she alright?”
“Hmm...”

Kirito spoke, peering into the girl’s face.

“Well, to be frank... There’s no need for breathing in this world,
neither do hearts beat...”

Within SAO, most human physiological functions can be
reproduced, but are omitted. It is possible to deliberately take a breath,
along with the sensation of air flowing through your respiratory tract,
but the avatars have no need to breathe subconsciously and will not do
so. Likewise, for the beating of the heart, despite the sensation of it
beating harder through tension or excitement, there was no way to feel
that of others.

“But still, she’s not vanishing... so she should still be alive, I guess.
But this... certainly is strange...”
Finishing his comment, Kirito tilted his head to the side.
“What’s strange?”

“She can’t be a ghost, seeing as I can touch her like this. But still,
the cursor... isn’t coming out...”
“Ah...”

Asuna once again concentrated her vision on the girl’s form.
However, the color cursor that would definitely appear when dynamic
objects in Aincrad, such as players, monsters, or even NPCs, were
targeted, did not in this case. It was a phenomenon that had never
happened until now.
174


Morning Dew Girl

175


Morning Dew Girl

“Is it perhaps, a bug, or something like that?”

“That’s probably it. In a situation like this, one would usually call
for a GM in a usual net-game, but there aren’t any GMs in SAO... But still,
it’s not just the cursor. For a player, she looks way too young.”
That was true. The body supported by Kirito’s hands was
unusually small. She did not even seem to be beyond ten years of age.
There was supposed to be an age restriction while setting up the Nerve
Gear, before being able to sign up, forbidding children, probably below
the age of thirteen, from being able to use it.

Asuna softly stretched out her hand, brushing over the girl’s
forehead. It felt mildly cool and smooth to the touch.
“Why is... there a girl, as young as this, in SAO...?”

Firmly biting his lips, Kirito spoke as he rose up.

“For the time being, we can’t just leave her alone. We should be
able to find something out when she wakes up. Let’s bring her back
with us.”
“Yeah, that’s right.”

Kirito got up as he held the girl in his arms. Asuna casually
glanced over the surroundings, but being unable to find anything aside
from a large, rotting stump, she did not manage to find out the reason
for the girl’s presence in the area.
They dashed nearly the entire way, but the girl did not regain
consciousness, even after they exited the forest and arrived back home.
Laying the girl down on Asuna’s bed and setting a blanket, the pair sat
down, side by side, on the adjacent bed, belonging to Kirito.

176


Morning Dew Girl

There was a momentary stillness in the air, before Kirito
nonchalantly broke the silence.

“Well, if there’s one thing we can be sure of, it’s that she’s not an
NPC since we managed to move her in here.”
“Yeah... that’s right.”

NPCs under the control of the system have their positions fixed
within certain ranges of coordinates and, thus, cannot be moved
according to players’ desires. If they were to try touching or holding
them, the harassment report window would be triggered within
seconds, giving them a painful shock and blowing them away.

Lightly nodding to Asuna’s agreement, Kirito continued with his
deductions.

“Also, it couldn’t be the opening to some kind of quest. If that was
the case, the quest window should have refreshed the moment we
touched her. ...In other words, this kid must be a player, who lost her
way... or at least, that should be the most reasonable conclusion.”
Quickly shifting his gaze towards the bed, he continued.

“Not having a crystal on hand, perhaps not even aware of the
methods of getting around, I believe she had never ventured out to the
field, and only stayed within the «Starting City». I don’t know why she
came all the way to a place like this, but in the Starting City, we might
find someone who knows her... maybe even her parents or guardians
might be there.”

“Yeah. I think so too. I don’t believe a child as young as this could
even get on by herself. She should have came with her family or
someone like that... I really do hope, that they’re safe though.”

177


Morning Dew Girl

Apparently having struggled with that last line, Asuna turned and
faced Kirito.
“Hey, she should recover, right?”

“Ah. If she’s not disappearing yet, she should still be hooked up to
the Nerve Gear. Her condition should be close to sleep. That’s why,
sooner or later, she will wake up... I believe.”

Vigorously nodding his head, Kirito’s words were tinged with
hope.

As Asuna got up, she knelt before the bed on which the girl was
asleep, and reached out with her right hand. She gently caressed the
girl’s head.

She certainly was a beautiful girl. Rather than a human child, her
presence could be said to be closer to that of a fairy. Her complexion
was similar to the composition of alabaster, delicate and snow white.
Her long, black hair gleamed elegantly, and with her exotic-looking
features, she would, without a doubt, be charming if she were to open
her eyes and smile.
Kirito got closer as well, lowering his body beside Asuna.
Hesitantly reaching out his right hand, he stroked the girl’s hair.
met.”

“She doesn’t seem to be ten... Perhaps around eight?”

“It should be around there... She’s the youngest player I’ve ever

“That’s right. I came across a female beast tamer before, but even
she was around thirteen years old.”

Instinctively reacting to something she had never heard about,
Asuna stared at Kirito.

178


Morning Dew Girl

“Hmm, so you had a cute friend like that, huh.”

“Ah, we just exchange mails every now and then... n-no, that’s all,
there’s nothing else to it!”
“I wonder. Kirito-kun is dull, after all.”

And she turned away sharply.

As though he sensed the conversation heading towards an odd
direction, Kirito stood up and spoke.
“Ah, it’s already this late. Let’s have some lunch.”

“About that story, I’ll be sure to have you clearly explain all the
details later on, okay.”

Glaring at Kirito once again, Asuna got up as well, laughing as she
decided to drop the matter for the time being.
“Well, let’s have the packed lunch. I’ll go and make some tea.”

The late autumn afternoon passed away peacefully, and even as
the time for the crimson light, flooding in from the sun on the outer
edge, to fade away came by, the girl still did not stir from her sleep.

As the curtains were drawn closed and the lamp on the wall lit,
Kirito happened to return from his trip to the village. Silently shaking
his head, he conveyed the failure on finding any leads on the girl.

Not in the best of moods for enjoying a lively dinner, the pair
opted for a simple meal of soup and bread, and Kirito began his
endeavor after looking over the various types of newspaper he had
bought.

179


Morning Dew Girl

Although it is referred to as a newspaper, it is unlike those of the
real world, pieces of paper bound together, but instead, simply a single
piece of parchment, with the size similar to that of a magazine. It is
represented in a manner like that of the system window screen, and by
editing it like a website, it can be used to organize and display
information gathered.
The contents too, are identical to a game walkthrough site
managed by players, comprising of many topics: news, a beginner’s
manual, FAQs, an item list, etc. Within those, there was also a Lost &
Found / Q&A section, where the pair laid their eyes on. They thought
there was a possibility of someone searching for a girl. However—
“...None, eh...”

“None, huh...”

Spending tens of minutes to go through the entire newspaper, the
two exchanged glances and loosened the tension in their shoulders.
There was nothing more they could do than to wait for the girl to
finally awaken and explain the circumstances.

On a normal night, the two of them would stay up late having
meaningless conversations, playing simple games, sometimes even
taking an evening stroll, or countless other activities that they do more
rarely, but neither of them were in the mood for those this night.
“Let’s call it a day already.”
“Hm. I guess so.”

Asuna acknowledged Kirito’s words with a nod.

Turning the lights in the living room off, they headed into the
bedroom. As the girl was occupying one of the beds, one of them would

180


Morning Dew Girl

have to sleep with the other —well, that was already the case every
other night, but— and they changed into their sleepwear in a hurry.

The lamp in the bedroom was also doused, and the pair laid down
on the bed.

Kirito certainly did possess several strange unique skills; but still,
it seemed that sleeping easily and well was included amongst them.
When Asuna felt in the mood to talk and turned over, there was
already the steady sound of breathing during sleep.
“Geez.”

Softly muttering her disapproval, she flipped to the other side,
facing the bed on which the girl was asleep. In the pale blue darkness,
the black-haired girl was still fast asleep as before. Although she had
never made a conscious effort to think about the girl’s past, her
thoughts gradually drifted in that direction as she continued staring.

If she was living until now with a guardian, like her parents or
siblings, that would be fine. However, in the case that she came into
this world alone and spent these two years in fear and isolation— to a
mere eight or nine year old child, those days must have been
unbearable. If she was in that situation, she would probably be unable
to retain her sanity.

Could it be— Asuna leapt towards the worst possible conclusion.
Maybe, the reason why she was wandering in that forest and faded into
unconsciousness was due to some problem caused by the condition of
her mind. Of course, there are no psychiatrists in Aincrad; neither were
there any system administrators to seek aid from. The most optimistic
prediction for clearing the game was still half a year at least, and
nothing could be accomplished with merely Asuna and Kirito’s effort
anyway. Due to the fact that they were both currently absent from the

181


Morning Dew Girl

frontlines, the number of players at their levels would be reduced by
two, and creating a balanced party would be more difficult as well.

Regardless of how deeply the girl was suffering, she did not have
the ability to save her— Realizing that, Asuna was stricken with an
agonizing pain in her chest. She unconsciously left the bed and moved
to the side of the sleeping girl.

Brushing the girl’s hair for a short moment, Asuna softly turned
back the covers and lay down beside her. With both arms, she tightly
embraced her small body. Although the girl did not move even a single
inch, her expression seemed to soften, and Asuna quietly whispered.
“Goodnight. It would be nice, if you woke up tomorrow...”

182


Morning Dew Girl

Chapter 2
Bathed in the white morning light, a gentle tune flowed into
Asuna’s drowsy consciousness. It was her wake-up alarm with the
sound of an oboe playing. Enshrouded in the drifting sensation on the
edge of awakening, Asuna plunged herself into the melody, somehow
filled with nostalgia. Before long, the refreshing echoes of string
instruments and the leading rhythm from the clarinet flowed over each
other, along with a faint humming voice—
—Humming?

She was not the one singing. Asuna snapped her eyes open.

Within her arms, the black-haired girl had her eyelids closed...
Humming along to the melody of Asuna’s wake-up alarm.

The girl did not miss even a single beat. However, that was
impossible. As Asuna had set the alarm to be audible to only herself,
there was no chance that anyone could achieve a feat like singing along
to the melody within her mind.

In any case, Asuna decided to put aside that doubt for now.
Rather than that—
“Ki-Kirito-kun, geez, Kirito-kun!!”

Not moving an inch, she called to Kirito, sleeping in the bed
behind. There were soon signs of Kirito softly murmuring as he awoke.
“...Morning. Something happened?”

183


Morning Dew Girl

“Hurry, come over here!”

The hushed creaking of the floorboards. Shifting his gaze over
Asuna, onto the bed, Kirito widened his eyes immediately as well.
“She’s singing...!?”
“Y-Yeah...”

Asuna lightly shook the girl within her hands and called out.

“Hey, wake up... Open up, your eyes.”

The girl stopped moving her lips. Soon, her long eyelashes weakly
trembled, and slowly rose upwards.

With misty black eyes, she peered directly into Asuna’s eyes, right
before her. Blinking several times, she opened her almost colorless lips
just the tiniest bit.
“Aa... uu...”

The girl’s voice rang out, like the delicate vibrations of silverware,
a fleetingly beautiful sound. Asuna sat up, still holding onto the girl.

“...Thank goodness, you woke up. Do you know anything about,
well, what happened to you?”

When spoken to, the girl kept her silence for several seconds,
shaking her head in small, short motions.
“I see... What’s your name? Can you say it?”

“N... ame... M... y... name... “

As the girl inclined her head, a strand of her glossy, black hair fell
onto her cheek.
“Yu... i. Yui. That is... name...”

184


Morning Dew Girl

“So, Yui-chan? That’s a pretty name. I’m Asuna. And that person is
Kirito.”
As Asuna turned, the girl who called herself Yui followed suit and
shifted her vision. Looking to and fro between Asuna and Kirito, who
was half bent forward, she opened her mouth.
“A... una. Ki... to.”

With her lips faltering, she spoke with disjointed sounds. Asuna
felt her fears from the previous night returning. The girl’s outer
appearance was of at least eight years old; if you were to consider the
time that had passed since she logged in, her actual age should have
reached around ten by now. But the girl’s shaky words, were as if they
came from an infant who had just gained awareness.

“Hey, Yui-chan. Why were you on the twenty-second floor? Are
your father or mother perhaps, anywhere near here?”
Yui moved her eyes downward and sank into silence. Keeping
quiet for a moment, she shook her head back and forth.
“I don’t... know... I don’t... know, anything...”

After having been placed into a sitting posture on the chair at the
dining table and offered some warm, sweet milk, the girl held the cup
up to her chest with both hands and began sipping it. Watching over
her out of the corner of her eye, Asuna decided to discuss the situation
with Kirito a distance away from the girl.
“Hey, Kirito-kun. What are your thoughts...?”

Kirito chewed his lips with a serious expression, but soon spoke,
with his face downcast.

185


Morning Dew Girl

“She doesn’t... seem to have her memories. But, with those
reactions... it’s like, her mind was, damaged or...”
“Yeah... You think so too, huh...”
“Dammit.”

Kirito’s face distorted, seemingly on the verge of tears.

“In this world... I’ve seen many horrible things... but this is... the
worst. This is just too cruel...”
Seeing his eyes turn watery, Asuna too, felt something bursting
out from her chest. Wrapping her arms around Kirito, she spoke.

“It’ll be alright, Kirito-kun. ...If it’s us, there’s definitely something...
we can do.”
“...Yeah. That’s right...”

Kirito raised his head and smiled faintly, placing his hand on
Asuna’s shoulder and returned towards the dining table. Asuna
followed behind him.
Moving a chair with a clatter, Kirito sat down beside Yui and
started a conversation with a bright voice.
“Aah, Yui-chan. ...Can I just, call you Yui?”

Raising her face from the cup, Yui nodded.
“I see. Then, Yui can just call me, Kirito.”
“Ki... to.”

“It’s, Kirito. Ki, ri, to.”

“...”

186


Morning Dew Girl

Yui put on a complex expression and kept quiet for a moment.
“...Kiito.”

Kirito broke into a grin and laid his hand on Yui’s head.

“Maybe that was a bit difficult. You can just, call me with any
other easier name you want.”

Yui once again pondered for a while. She didn’t stir an inch, even
when Asuna picked the cup up from the table and refilled the milk.

Soon enough, Yui slowly raised her face and looked at Kirito, and
timidly, she opened her mouth.
“...Papa.”

Next, she turned to Asuna and spoke.
“Auna is... Mama.”

Asuna trembled uncontrollably. She did not know if the girl had
merely mistaken them for her actual parents, or perhaps— that her
parents did not exist in this world at all, and she wanted them instead;
but before dealing with that suspicion, Asuna frantically tried to
restrain the feelings filling her heart and struggling to break loose and
nodded with a smile.
“That’s right... It’s Mama, Yui-chan.”

Hearing that, Yui broke into a smile for the first time. Under her
straight fringe, her previously expressionless eyes shone with a gleam,
and in that instant, color seemed to return to her face with doll-like
features.
“...Mama!”

187


Morning Dew Girl

Looking at the arms outstretched towards her, Asuna felt a
violent jolting pain within her chest.
“Uu...”

Earnestly holding back the tears threatening to overflow, she
somehow managed to preserve her smile. She carried Yui’s small frame
from the chair, and as she firmly hugged her, Asuna felt a single tear,
filled with a mess of different emotions, spill out and trickle down her
cheek.
Finishing off her drink of hot milk and a small bun, Yui seemed to
have grown sleepy once again, with her head starting to sway to and
fro while sitting in the chair.
Looking at the girl’s status while seated on the opposite side of
the table, Asuna wiped her eyes with a jerking hand and looked
towards Kirito, beside her.
“I-I...”

Despite opening her mouth, she was unable to form the words
she wanted adequately.
“I’m sorry, I just have no idea, about what I should do...”

Kirito gazed upon Asuna with sympathetic eyes, but soon spoke
with a sigh.

“...Until that kid regains her memories, you want to stay here and
look after her, right? I understand... those feelings. I feel the same. But
still... it’s a real dilemma... If we do that, we can’t return to completing
the game for a while, and with that, the time needed to break this kid
free from here will be delayed as well...”

188


Morning Dew Girl

“Yeah... that’s true, after all...”

Putting herself aside, Asuna started thinking. Not to exaggerate,
but Kirito’s presence as a clearing player towered above the rest of
them, providing maps of the traversable areas in the labyrinth, with
the quantity beyond even many prominent guilds, while being a solo
player. Despite planning it as just a few weeks of newly-wed life,
monopolizing Kirito by herself like this was enough to make her feel
traces of guilt.
“For now, let’s just do what we can.”

Looking over at Yui, who had dozed off, Kirito continued his
words.

“Firstly, let’s head for the Starting City and see if we can find the
kid’s parents or siblings. With her standing out so much as a player, I
believe there’s bound to be some people who recognize her, at least.”
“...”

It was a natural conclusion. But Asuna noticed her feelings of not
wanting to be separated from the girl, from within herself. It was the
life where she could be alone with Kirito, that she had even dreamed
about; but somehow, she had no objections with it becoming a group of
three. It might be because she felt as if Yui would be like the child of
Kirito and her... Getting to that line of thought, Asuna was startled and
came to her senses, blushing to her ears.
“...? What’s the matter?”

“I-It’s nothing!!”

Asuna turned to Kirito, who looked suspicious, and shook her
head back and forth.

189


Morning Dew Girl

“Th-That’s right. When Yui-chan wakes up, let’s go to the Starting
City. We can put something up in the Q&A corner of the newspaper on
the way too.”

Still not able to look Kirito in the face, Asuna spoke quickly while
tidying up the table in a hurry. When she looked towards Yui, sound
asleep in the chair, perhaps it was just her imagination, but her
sleeping face seemed different from yesterday, appearing more
tranquil.
Moved to the bed, Yui slept through the entire morning, and
wondering if she had gone into a coma again, Asuna nervously
worried; but fortunately, she woke up just as the preparations for
lunch were completed.

Despite baking a fruit pie, which she rarely ever makes, for Yui’s
sake, when Yui took her place at the table, rather than the pie, she
showed more interest in a sandwich, filled with plenty of mustard, that
Kirito was heartily biting into, perplexing the pair.
“Ah, Yui, this is really spicy.”

“Uu... I want to, have the same as Papa.”

“I see. I won’t stop you if you’ve already made up your mind.
Everything is an experience.”

Handing a sandwich over, Yui widened her petite mouth with all
her might and took a bite without even a single trace of hesitation.
The couple held their breaths as they watched over her, Yui,
chewing the food with a complicated expression, finally swallowed it
down her throat with a gulp and beamed cheerfully.
“Yummy.”

190


Morning Dew Girl

“This one has got quite some guts.”

Kirito too, smiled as he rubbed Yui’s head.

“Let’s challenge ourselves with a burning hot full course for
dinner.”

“Geez, don’t get carried away! There’s no way I’ll make something
like that!”
But if they were to find Yui’s guardians at the Starting City, the
only ones returning here will be just the two of them. Thinking so,
Asuna felt a tinge of loneliness running through her heart.

Asuna faced towards Yui, who decided to finish up the rest of the
sandwich and was drinking some milk tea with a satisfied look, before
speaking.
“Oh, Yui-chan, let’s go out for a bit in the afternoon.”

“Go out?”

Looking straight at Yui’s puzzled face, she paused, wondering
how to explain when Kirito cut in.
“We’re going to look for Yui’s friends.”
“Friends... What are those?”

Reacting to that answer, the two instinctively exchanged glances.
There were many peculiar traits to Yui’s «syndrome». Rather than
merely her mental age receding, it was closer to giving the impression
as if bits and pieces of her memory were vanishing.
In order to improve her condition, it would be best to find her
actual guardians... Telling herself that, Asuna faced Yui and answered.

191


Morning Dew Girl

“Well, friends are the people who are able to help out Yui-chan.
Now, let’s get ready.”

Yui’s expression still showed signs of doubt, but she nodded and
got up.

The white one-piece dress worn by the girl, having short puff
sleeves and made from a thin material, looked like it would be cold to
go out in during this season, the start of winter. Of course, feeling cold,
or perhaps catching a cold, suffering from some damage, things like
that do not happen— well, it would be a different story if you were to
strip and go to a frigid area, but— The fact that one would usually feel
at unease does not change.

Asuna scrolled through her item list, materializing heavy clothing,
one after another, and when she finally found a sweater that suited the
girl, she came to a sudden stop.

Normally, when equipping clothes, one would manipulate the
equipment figure from the status window. Cloth, liquids and such soft
objects were not very well reproduced in SAO, and thus, rather than an
independent, separate object, clothes were treated as a part of the
body instead.
Taking note of Asuna’s hesitation, Kirito questioned Yui.
“Yui, about your window, can you open it?”

As expected, the girl tilted her head to the side in complete
ignorance.

“Well then, try moving your finger on your right hand. Like this.”

192


Morning Dew Girl

Kirito waved his finger, and a purple rectangular window
appeared under his hand. Seeing that, Yui mimicked the motion with
an unsteady hand, but the window did not open.

“...As I thought, there’s some kind of system bug. But still, not
being able to open your status is just way too serious... You can’t do
anything like that.”

Just as Kirito bit his lips, in that instant. Getting annoyed, Yui, who
was waving her finger on her right hand, waved her left hand instead
this time. Right at that moment, a glowing purple window was
displayed under her hand.
“It’s out!”

Above Yui, who was grinning away with delight, Asuna exchanged
glances with Kirito, who was taken aback with surprise. She had no
idea what was going on any longer.
“Yui-chan, let me take a look.”

Asuna leaned over and peered into the girl’s window. However,
the status was usually hidden to all except the owner, and all she got a
glimpse of was a bare, plain screen.
“Sorry, let me have your hand.”

Asuna took Yui’s hand in hers, moving her slim index finger,
clicking around where she thought the visibility mode button was by
intuition.

Her aim accurate, the features of the screen soon came into sight
with a short sound effect. Typically, as stealing a glance into another’s
status was considered a heavy breach of etiquette, despite the
193


Morning Dew Girl

uncommon circumstances, Asuna tried her best to keep from looking at
it and nimbly open only the inventory, but...
“Wh-What’s with this!?”

The second she glanced across the top section of the screen, she
burst out in astonishment.

The top screen of the menu window was normally separated into
three areas. The arrangement was such that in the topmost section, the
name was shown in English characters along with the long and thin HP
and EXP bars, and below that, in the right half, would be the equipment
figure, while the left half would be the summary of command buttons.
There were countless sample designs to customize with for the icons
and such, but the default layout cannot be changed. On the other hand,
in the topmost section of Yui’s window, only the strange name display,
«Yui-MHCP001» exists, with neither the HP bar nor EXP bar, or even
the level display. Although the equipment figure was there, the amount
of command buttons was drastically less than usual, with only «Item»
and «Option» there.
Finding Asuna’s freeze fishy, Kirito approached and peeked into
the window as well, losing his breath. Yui, not knowing the significance
behind the window’s abnormalities herself, looked up at the pair
curiously.
“Is this also... a bug in the system...?”

Asuna muttered, and a deep groan escaped from Kirito’s throat.

“For some reason... rather than a bug, it looks more like it was
designed in this manner from the very start... Damn, I don’t think I’ve
ever been more irritated that there aren’t any GMs around, more than I
am today.”

194


Morning Dew Girl

“Normally, in SAO, there aren’t really any bugs or lag to speak of,
so there isn’t really any need for GMs... There’s no point brooding
about that issue anymore, I guess...”

Shrugging her shoulders, Asuna moved Yui’s finger once again,
opening up the inventory. Placing the sweater she picked up from the
table onto it, the item was stored into the window with a glint of light.
Next, she dragged the name of the sweater towards the equipment
figure, dropping it there.

Along with a sound effect resembling a bell, Yui’s body was
enveloped in particles of light right away, modifying the light-pink
sweater into an actual object onto her.
“Waah...”

Wearing a sunny expression, Yui stretched out her hands and
looked down at her own body. Asuna continued, getting a skirt of a
similar color with black tights, red shoes and equipping the items on,
one after another, finally having returned the original one-piece dress
back to the inventory, she dismissed the window.
Finished dressing, Yui looked delighted, rubbing her cheek
against the fluffy sweater’s texture and pulling on the skirt.
“Now, let’s get going, then.”
“Um. Papa, carry.”

Responding to Yui reaching out with both hands without a care,
Kirito shyly gave a wry smile as he lifted the girl’s body up. While doing
so, he glanced at Asuna, and spoke.
“Asuna, just in case, be prepared for battle anytime. We shouldn’t
be going out of the city, but... that is the «Army»‘s territory, after all...”

195


Morning Dew Girl

“Hm... It’s best not to let our guard down.”

With a nod, Asuna checked through her own inventory and
walked towards the door together with Kirito. It would be good if the
girl’s guardians were found; those really were her honest feelings, but
imagining parting with Yui made her feel strangely uncomfortable.
They had only known each other for a single day, but Yui seemed to
have completely taken over a tender part of Asuna’s heart.
It had actually been months since her last descent to the first floor,
the «Starting City».

Feeling complex emotions within her, Asuna stood still near the
teleport gate’s exit, scouting out the huge plaza and the streets
stretching out beyond that.

Of course, as this was Aincrad’s largest city, comparing the
number of facilities essential to adventuring here with those of other
cities, there was no competition at all. Prices were generally low, and
all sorts of inns could be found here. Judging in terms of efficiency, this
was a most suitable place to be used as a base town.

However, if you were to go by Asuna’s contacts, not even a single
high level player had stayed in the Starting City all the way until now.
The oppression from the «Army» was one of the reasons, but it was
mainly due to the fact that when standing in the central plaza and
looking up toward the sky, one could not help but recall what had
happened back then.
The start of it all was merely a whim.

Born through a relationship between a businessman father and a
scholar mother, Asuna— Yuuki Asuna, was raised, subjected to the

196


Morning Dew Girl

expectations of her parents from the very time she gained awareness.
Both of her parents were people who were mercilessly firm with
themselves, while being gentle to Asuna, and due to that, she was
afraid of how they would react if she did not live up to their
expectations.

Her brother was probably the same. Both Asuna and her brother
had gone to the private school chosen by their parents, and without a
hitch, constantly retained their excellent results. From the time her
brother finally reached the age to be admitted into university and left
the house, she existed with nothing on her mind, but solely to live up to
her parents’ expectations. Taking up lessons for multiple activities,
socializing only with friends approved by her parents, but as she went
through life like that, Asuna eventually felt her world shrinking, as
though it was steadily deflating. If she continued on this
predetermined path— proceeding onwards to the high school and
university chosen by her parents, marrying the partner chosen by her
parents, she believed she would definitely be trapped within an
extraordinarily hard shell, even smaller than she was then, and be
forever unable to escape from it; these were the fears she had always
suffered from.
That was why, when her brother was employed by the company
managed by her father and came back home, speaking so spiritedly
with a Nerve Gear and a copy of SAO that he had gotten through his
connections, about what would become the world’s first «VRMMO»,
even Asuna who had not touched a television console game before, felt
a minor trace of interest about that strange new world.
Of course, if her brother were to use it in his own room, she
probably would have soon forgotten and not bothered about things
such as the Nerve Gear. However, thanks to bad timing, her brother

197


Morning Dew Girl

had to go on a business trip overseas on the very first day of the start
of the SAO service, and so, Asuna ended up requesting to borrow it
from her brother, for just a single day on a mere whim. Feeling the
desire to peek into a world she had never seen before, that was all it
was—
And thus, everything changed.

Even now, she could still recall the excitement of that day, when
she changed from Asuna to “Asuna”, finding herself on an unknown
street, among people unknown to her.

But immediately after that, when that god of emptiness
descended down and announced this death game, with the inability to
escape from this world, the first thing Asuna thought about was the
Mathematics work that she did not yet start on.

If she did not hurry back and settle that, she would get scolded by
her teacher in the following day’s lesson. For the life that Asuna had led
thus far, that would be a failure that she could not allow... but of course,
the severity of the situation was not of such a degree.

One week, two weeks, even as each day was idly passed by, there
was no sign of help from the outside. Secluding herself within one of
the rooms of a Starting City’s inn, cowering atop the bed, Asuna
constantly experienced a ridiculous amount of panic. Screaming every
now and then, even beating on the walls as she wailed. It was the
winter of her third year in middle school. Soon would be her
examinations, and after that, the new school term. Being derailed from
that path was considered the same as the devastation of her life, to
Asuna.
Asuna spent each day amidst troubled fits, embracing deep,
murky convictions.

198


Morning Dew Girl

Rather than being concerned for their child’s body, her parents
were definitely busy being extremely disappointed over the daughter
who failed her examinations due to a game console. Her friends, while
suffering from some grief, were probably pitying the one who dropped
out of their group, or perhaps sneering over it.

When she passed her critical point with those dark thoughts,
Asuna finally made a decision— to leave the inn. Not waiting to be
rescued, but to escape from here with her own strength. To become the
savior who would put an end to this incident. If she hadn’t taken that
path, she most likely would not have been able to retain her presence
within the minds of the people around her any longer.
Asuna prepared some equipment, memorized the entire
reference manual, and headed out into the field. Sleeping time for each
day was restricted to two, three hours, and the rest of her time was
sunk into level training. As a result of focusing all of her natural
wisdom and willpower into clearing the game, it was not long before
she was able to enter the list of top level players. This was how the
ardent swordswoman, Asuna the «Flash», was born.
And back to the present— Two years have passed, and the now
seventeen year old Asuna looked back at the self from that time with
bitter feelings. No, not just the period right after the game started.
Towards all that had happened before that, that self that lived within
that solid, shrinking world too, she recollected that part of her past
with a wretched, painful sorrow.

She did not understand the meaning of what it was like «to live».
All she had done was think of nothing but the ideal future, sacrificing
the present in the process. The «now» was naught but the means to

199


Morning Dew Girl

bring about the perfect future, and hence, with its demise, there was
nothing left but to disappear into the middle of nothingness.

It was no good with only one or the other. Overlooking the world
of SAO, she thus concluded seriously.

One chasing the future would be like what she once was,
fanatically advancing towards the clearing of the game, while one
clinging only to the past would still be cowering in an inn’s room. And
the one who lives only for the moment would seek transient pleasure
as a criminal at times.

But despite being in this world, there were people who enjoyed
the present, making memories, one after another, while working hard
to escape. The one who taught that to her was the black-haired
swordsman she met a year ago. The desire for his way of life— from
the moment that entered her mind, the hue of her day to day life
changed.

Now, even if it was in the real world, she felt like she would be
able to break through that shell. She believed that she would be able to
live for her own sake. As long as this person stayed by her side—

Asuna gently approached Kirito, embracing his own deep feelings
as he stared down the streets. The pain that she felt once again, as she
gazed upon the stone roof in the sky, was a mere, faint thing.
Shaking her head once as though she was trying to clear up her
sentiments, Asuna peered into Yui’s face, still being carried by Kirito.

“Yui-chan, do you have any memories of any buildings, or things
like that?”
200


Morning Dew Girl

“Uu...”

With a complex expression, Yui looked around at the rock
structures, extending out from the plaza, before finally shaking her
head.
“I don’t know...”

“Well, the Starting City is pretty darn big, after all.”

Kirito spoke while rubbing Yui’s head.

“Well, something will probably ring a bell sooner or later if we
keep walking around. Let’s just check out the central marketplace for
now.”
“I guess you’re right.”

Nodding in agreement, the couple started walking towards the
main street to the south.

But still— As she walked, Asuna looked over the plaza once again
with some doubt. There were an unexpectedly small number of people
around.

The gate plaza of the Starting City was wide as expected, being
able to fit all ten thousand players two years back, at the opening of the
server. In the middle of all that stone-paved empty space in the shape
of a perfect circle, lies a towering clock tower, with the teleport gate
flickering blue within its lower section. Flowerbeds extended out, set
in concentric circles around the tower, with multiple elegant, white
benches lined up between them. It would not be strange at all for it to
be crowded with people seeking a moment of rest on such a nice
afternoon; but all of the human figures around were either at the gate,
201


Morning Dew Girl

or heading towards the plaza’s exit, with barely anyone standing
around or sitting on the benches.

For the major streets on the upper floors, the gate plaza would
always be in a clutter with a flood of players engaging briskly in gossip,
searching for party members, setting up modest street stalls; and as a
result of all the people hanging around, even walking forward was
difficult, but—
“Hey, Kirito-kun.”
“Hm?”

Asuna asked as Kirito turned around.

“Around how many players are over here right now?”

“Hmm, well... The number of players still alive are around six
thousand, and roughly thirty percent of that are still in the Starting City
if we include the «Army»; so it would be just below two thousand,
wouldn’t it?”
“Considering that, don’t you think there’re too little people
around?”

“When you point it out that way... Maybe they’re gathered around
the market?”

However, entering the main street from the plaza, even as they
drew close to the market area with shops and carts lined up, the
streets remained quiet. The random touting from the energetic NPC
shopkeepers echoed futilely through the streets.

Despite that, they were able to find a man sitting under a large
tree in the middle of the street, and Asuna approached and tried calling
out to him.

202


Morning Dew Girl

“Ah, excuse me.”

The man, staring upwards towards the treetops with an oddly
serious expression, spoke as though it was a bother, without adjusting
his view.
“What is it?”

“Well... Around this area, are there any places that act as a space
for searching for people?”
Hearing those words, the man finally shifted his vision towards
Asuna. He scrutinized Asuna’s face without reserve.
“What, so you were an outsider.”

“Ah, yes. Well... we’re kind of trying to look for the guardians of
this child...”

her.

She pointed at Yui, dozing off while held in Kirito’s arms, behind

Garbed in a plain uniform that made it hard to determine his class,
the man widened his eyes slightly when he gave a fleeting glance at Yui,
but he soon moved his view back to the treetops.

“...A lost child, huh, that’s rare. ...At the church beside the river of
the seventh district in the east, there’s a bunch of kid players gathered
and living there, so try there.”
“Th-Thank you.”

Able to get ahold of surprisingly promising information, Asuna
quickly bowed her head. Having done that, she tried putting out
another question.
203


Morning Dew Girl

“Ahh... Just what, are you doing over here? And also, why are
there so little people around?”

Even as the man made a grimace, he replied, apparently not as
bothered as he might appear.

“That would be a classified secret, or so I would like to say. Well,
seeing as you’re outsiders... Look, you can see it, right? That high
branch over there.”

Asuna followed the path of the man’s outstretched finger. The
overhanging branches of the sizable trees by the road were vividly
dyed in the colors of autumn, but if you were to focus and stare at them,
you could spot several yellow fruits, springing up in the shadows of the
leaves.
“Of course, as the roadside trees are indestructible objects, even if
you climb it, you won’t even be able to get a single leaf off it.”
The man continued his words.

“Everyday, there’s a few times when that fruit falls down... There’s
only a few minutes before it rots and disappears, but if you don’t miss
that chance and manage to pick it up, you can sell it to the NPC for
quite a bit. Not to mention it tastes pretty good.”
“Ohhh.”

For Asuna, who had mastered her cooking skill, discussions about
ingredient items were of remarkable interest.
“Around how much does it go for?”

“...Don’t spread this around. For each of them, five col.”
“...”

204


Morning Dew Girl

Looking upon the man’s proud expression, Asuna was
unintentionally rendered speechless. She was surprised by just how
cheap the price was. In that case, toiling by clinging onto this tree for
the entire day did not quite match up with the results.

“Ah, well... In that case, it’s not quite worth it, or rather... If you
were to just defeat a single worm in the field, you could get thirty col.”

At the moment she said that, the man stared in wonder this time.
He did not quite accuse her of not being right in the head, but turned
towards Asuna with an expression showing how absurd he thought it
was.

“You seriously saying that? If you were to go and fight monsters
in the field... You might actually die, wouldn’t you.”
“...”

Asuna could not think of a reply. It was just as the man had said;
fighting against monsters always had the danger of death
accompanying it. But with Asuna’s current mentality, it was like
worrying about getting into a traffic accident while crossing the road in
the real world all day and night; there was no use getting scared over it.

Whether her own sense of death in SAO had been dulled, or
whether the man was being overly nervous, being unable to judge that
in an instant, Asuna stood motionlessly still. Probably, neither of them
could be considered as correct. At the Starting City, what the man had
said was definitely common sense.

Not taking any notice of Asuna’s complicated mental state, the
man continued speaking.

“And, what was it, the reason why there isn’t anyone around? It’s
not that they aren’t around. Everyone’s cooped up in their inn rooms.

205


Morning Dew Girl

They might meet up with the Army’s tax collection force in the daytime,
after all.”
“Ta-Tax collection... Just what do you mean by that?”

“It’s just the polite way of saying extortion. Be on the lookout;
those guys won’t spare you even if you’re outsiders. Oh, looks like
one’s falling... that’s the end of this chat.”

Shutting his mouth, the man started glaring at the skies seriously.
Asuna quickly bowed, and noticing that Kirito had kept his silence
during the entire conversation, turned around to her back.
At that spot, was Kirito’s figure, focusing on the yellow fruit with
a serious look, not unlike that worn in the midst of combat. It seems
that he intends to go all out to attain the next fruit that drops.
“Stop that already, geez!”

“B-But you see, doesn’t it bother you?”

Gripping Kirito by the nape of his neck, Asuna started walking
while dragging him away.
“Ah, ahh... and it looked good too...”

Pulling Kirito by his ear, with his regrets still lingering, she forced
him to turn around.

“Rather than that, which way is the seventh eastern district?
There seems to be young players living together there, so let’s try going
there.”
“...Yeeah.”

206


Morning Dew Girl

Taking over Yui, who had completely fallen asleep, and holding
onto her tightly, Asuna pored over the map while keeping pace beside
Kirito.

As Yui had the external form of someone around ten years of age,
doing something like this in the real world would cause her arms to fail
in just a few minutes, but thanks to the compensation from her
physical strength parameter, Asuna felt the weight of nothing more
than a pillow filled with feathers.

Walking towards the south-east through the spacious streets for
ten minutes, barely passing by anyone as before, they finally
approached a vast garden-like area. The forest of broad-leaved trees
with their colors changing were waving dejectedly in the cold winds of
the early winter.

“Let’s see, this is shown as the eastern seventh district on the map,
but... I wonder just where is that church.”
“Ah, isn’t it over there?”

Beyond the forest, stretching out on the right side of the road,
Asuna spotted a distinctively tall spire and fixed her sight in that
direction. At the summit of the ashen blue roofed tower, a metal ankh
formed by combining a cruciform with a circle, was gleaming. It was
the unmistakable mark of a church, of which at least one exists in every
town. And through the altar inside, tasks such as removing the attack
unique to monsters, «Curse», and the blessing of weapons to go up
against undead monsters with, were possible. In SAO, where magicbased components barely exist, it could be considered a most
mysterious place. Also, as long as col was regularly offered, a small
room within the church could be borrowed and used as a replacement
for an inn.

207


Morning Dew Girl

“Wa-Wait a moment.”

Asuna unwittingly called Kirito to a stop, just as he was planning
to walk towards the church.
“Hm? What is it?”

“Ah, no... Well... if, we happen upon Yui’s guardians over there,
we’ll be... leaving Yui-chan there, right...?”
“...”

Kirito’s black eyes softened with sympathy towards Asuna. He
drew his arms close, gently embracing Asuna’s body along with the
sleeping Yui.

“I don’t want to part with her either. Just how do I say this... with
Yui’s presence, that house in the forest really felt like it became a real
home... well, that was how it felt like... But, it’s not like you’ll never
meet again. If Yui regains her memories, she’ll definitely come and visit
again.”
“Hm... That’s right.”

Giving a small nod, Asuna brought Yui, still in her arms, closer and
lightly grazed her cheek, before walking forth, having resolved her
feelings.

The church building was a mere trifle when compared with the
scale of the city. It was a two-storied building, with only a single spire
that acted as its symbol. But still, there were multiple churches within
the Starting City, and the ones near the gate plaza were at the size of a
minor castle.

Reaching the grand double doors in the front, Asuna pushed one
of them open with her right hand. Being a public facility, it was

208


Morning Dew Girl

naturally not locked. The interior was dim, and only the flames from
the candles, decorating the altar at the front, burned, weakly
illuminating the stone-paved flooring. There were no signs of life at
first glance.
out.

Popping only her upper body through the entrance, Asuna called
“Ahh, is there anyone here?”

Even as the sound of her voice trailed away with an echo effect,
no one seemed to have appeared.
“Is there no one here...?”

As she tilted her head to the side, Kirito refuted her in a low voice.

“Nah, there’s people. Three in the right room, four in the left... And
more on the second floor.”

“...With the detection skill, you’re even able to tell the number of
people beyond walls?”

“From the proficiency of nine hundred and eighty, that is. It’s
pretty handy, so you should increase it too.”

“No way, training is so boring that I’ll just go crazy. ...Putting that
aside, I wonder why they’re hiding...”

Asuna softly stepped into the church’s interior. The surroundings
were engulfed in a deathly silence, but she somehow felt the presence
of people concealing their breaths within.
“Ah, excuse me, we’re searching for someone!”

209


Morning Dew Girl

She tried calling out in a louder voice. With that— the door on the
right side opened just the slightest bit, and a feeble female voice
sounded out from there.
“...You aren’t from the «Army», are you?”

“We aren’t. We came here from the upper floors.”

Both Asuna and Kirito did not have their swords, or even a single
piece of armor meant for battle put on. Players belonging to the Army
had a uniform of heavy armor on at all times, so one should be able to
tell that they were unrelated to the Army even through appearances
alone.
Soon enough, the door creaked open, and a single female player
timidly showed up.

A head of dull blue short hair, with a large pair of glasses with
black rims, and within those, deep green eyes were opened wide, filled
with apprehension. Dressed in a plain dress of a simple dark blue
shade, she had a dagger sheathed in its scabbard in her hand.
“You really... aren’t from the Army’s tax collection group, right...?”
Asuna gave the woman a reassuring smile, and nodded.

“Yes, we are searching for someone and just got here from above
today. We’re absolutely not related to the Army at all.”
In that instant—

“From above!? You mean that you’re actual swordsmen!?”

Along with a high-pitched boyish shout, the door behind the
woman opened wide, and several human figures ran out disorderly.
Immediately following that, the door on the left side of the altar was
thrown open as well, and similarly, several people burst out.

210


Morning Dew Girl

Taken aback with surprise, as Asuna and Kirito watched over the
scene without speaking, the ones lined up in a row on both sides of the
bespectacled woman were all young players who could be considered
as young boys and girls. The youngest was probably twelve, while the
oldest would be around fourteen. All of them were in a state of keen
interest over Asuna and Kirito, ogling all over them.
“Hey, all of you, I said to stay hidden in the room, didn’t I!”

Only the woman, pushing back the children in a fluster, could be
seen as around twenty of age. That said, not a single child was
following her order.

But right after that, the first one who ran out from the room, a boy
with short, red, bristling hair standing up on end yelled out in a
disappointed tone.
“What’s with that, you aren’t even holding a single sword. Hey,
didn’t you come from above? Shouldn’t you have a weapon at least?”
The latter half of those words were directed at Kirito.
“N-No, it’s not that we don’t have any, but...”

Kirito replied as he darted his eyes about in surprise, and the
children’s faces instantly brightened up once again. Lemme see, lemme
see, all of them pleaded insistently.
“See here now, you can’t just go about speaking so impolitely to
people you’ve just met. —Sorry, we rarely ever welcome any guests
around, so...”

Facing the truly sorry-looking bespectacled woman bowing down,
Asuna spoke in a hurry.
211


Morning Dew Girl

“N-No, it’s not a problem. —Hey, Kirito-kun, I think you have
some still left in your inventory, so why don’t you let them see?”
“Y-Yeah.”

Nodding to Asuna’s proposal, Kirito opened a window and moved
his finger, changing about ten weapon-type items into objects at the
same time, and piling them up on the long table nearby. They were
items dropped by monsters during a recent adventure that were left
alone as he did not have the time to sell them off yet.

Kirito closed the window, with all of the surplus items except the
couple’s equipment taken out, and the children cheered loudly and
swarmed around them. Getting a feel of the swords, maces and such,
one after another, cries of “Heavyy” and “Cool” soon resounded. It was
a scene that would leave any overprotective parent faint, but no matter
how weapons were handled within towns, it was impossible for them
to suffer any damage.
“—I’m truly sorry...”

Although the bespectacled woman bowed her head down
troubled, a smile came to her face at the sight of the delighted children,
and she spoke.
“...Ah, do come this way. I’ll prepare some tea, so...”

Guided to the small room in the place of worship, Asuna and
Kirito took a sip of the hot tea offered to them and let out a relieved
sigh.

“Then... you mentioned that you came to search for someone...?”

The bespectacled female player sitting on the opposing chair
asked, with a slight incline of her head.

212


Morning Dew Girl

“Ah, yes. Er... I’m Asuna, and this person would be Kirito.”

“Ahh, excuse me, I haven’t even given my name yet. I am Sasha.”

And she quickly bowed with her introduction.
“And, this child is Yui.”

While brushing the hair of the still sleeping Yui on her lap, Asuna
continued.
“This child got lost in the middle of the forest on the twentysecond floor. She... seemed to have lost her memories, so...”
“My...”

The woman who called herself Sasha widened her large deep
green eyes, hidden behind her glasses.

“She didn’t have anything aside from clothes equipped either, so
it didn’t seem like she lived on the upper floors... And so, perhaps her
guardians are at the Starting City... or maybe people who knew this
child might be around, we thought; hence, we came here to find them.
Thus, when we heard that the children were gathered at the church
here...”
“So that was how it was...”

Sasha grasped the cup within her hands, and dropped her gaze to
the table.

“...Right now, there are twenty living here in this church, children
from grade school to children around middle school. I believe it should
be, more or less, all of the child players around in this city. At the time
this game started...”
Sasha began to speak in a hushed, but clear tone.

213


Morning Dew Girl

“Almost that many children went into panic attacks and
essentially underwent mental problems. Of course, there were children
who got used to the game and left the city, but I believe them to be the
exceptions.”

It was something that Asuna experienced too, in her third year of
middle school at that time. When she secluded herself in that inn room,
she believed that she certainly did feel her mind crumbling away,
almost driven to a corner.
“It’s only to be expected; they were still at the age when they
wanted to be spoiled by their parents. To be suddenly told something
like them being unable to get out from here, maybe even never ever
returning to the real world— those children mostly broke down, and
within them... it seems there were some that broke the connection just
like that.”
Sasha’s mouth firmly grew stiff.

“For a month or so after the game started, I thought about aiming
for the completion of the game and went to train in the field, but... one
day, I saw one of those children at a street corner, and I just couldn’t
leave the child alone; so I brought the child with me and started living
together in the inn. And then, when I thought of all the other children
still around like that child, I started to go about the city, so as to call out
to children by themselves. Before I knew it, it turned out this way.
That’s why, somehow... despite there being people fighting at the upper
floors like the two of you, to think that I dropped out, it feels
inexcusable.”
“That’s... That’s not-”

214


Morning Dew Girl

While shaking her head, Asuna struggled with all her might to
find the appropriate words, but her voice was caught in her throat.
Picking up the slack, Kirito spoke.
“That’s not true at all. You’re fighting valiantly... Much greater
than someone like me is.”

“Thank you very much. But I’m not quite doing this out of a sense
of duty. It’s been very enjoyable living with these children.”
Sasha smiled sweetly and stared at the sleeping Yui worriedly.

“That’s why... For two years straight, we went through all the
buildings in an area each day, checking to see if there were any
children who needed help. If there was such a small child left around,
we would have definitely noticed. I’m sorry to say this... but as for this
child, I don’t believe she was living in the Starting City.”
“Is that so...”

Asuna hung her head down, hugging tightly onto Yui. She pulled
herself together and looked towards Sasha.

“Er, this seems like it would be intruding into your privacy, but
how do you get by, for your daily living expenses and such?”

“Ah, for that, aside from me, there are several older children
protecting this place around... they’re at a level that ensures their
complete safety as long as they stay within the fields around this city,
so we can still do something about our food supply. We can’t afford to
live luxuriously though.”

“Oh, that’s amazing... Judging from what I heard earlier in the city,
something like hunting monsters in the field is considered a suicidal
act that goes against common sense.”

215


Morning Dew Girl

Sasha nodded at Kirito’s words.

“Basically, I believe that’s what all of the players left in the
Starting City think. I won’t deny that idea; it can’t really be helped,
when you consider there’s the danger of death... However, that could
also be the reason why we’re earning more money when compared to
the average player in this city.”

That was certainly true; to regularly reserve the guest room in
this church, a hundred col would probably be needed every day. It was
an amount that greatly exceeded the daily income of that fruit hunter
from earlier.
“That is why I’ve been keeping my eyes on them recently...”
“...On who?”

Sasha’s gentle eyes turned stern in an instant. Just as she opened
her mouth to continue her words, at that moment...
“Sensei! Sasha-sensei! It’s horrible!!”

The door to the room slammed open, and several children flooded
in like an avalanche.
“Hey now, you’re being rude to our guests!”
“That’s not the matter here!!”

The red-haired youth from earlier shouted, with tears threatening
to spill from his eyes.
“Gin-bro and the others have been captured by the Army!”

“—Where!?”

Getting up with a manner so resolute that it felt as though she
became another person, Sasha asked of the young boy.

216


Morning Dew Girl

“At the vacant land behind the second-hand shop at the fifth
eastern district. The Army is blocking the passageway with ten people
or so. Kotta was the only one who managed to get away.”
“Understood, I’ll go right away. —Excuse me, but...”

Turning around to face Asuna and Kirito, Sasha lightly bowed her
head.

“I cannot just ignore the children in need. We will continue the
conversation later on...”
“We’ll go as well, sensei!!”

As the red-haired boy cried out, the entire crowd of children
behind too, shouted out in agreement. Rushing next to Kirito, the boy
had a desperate expression as he spoke.

“Bro, let us have the weapons from earlier for a while! If we have
them, even those guys from the Army will run away!”
“I cannot accept that!”

Sasha let loose her refusal.

“The lot of you will wait here!”

At that time, Kirito, who had been watching over the development
silently, raised his right hand, as though to pacify the children. He
rarely ever read the air or understood the extent of conversations right,
but only at times like this, did he exhibit a mysterious presence, quickly
silencing the children.
“—It’s a pity though—”

Kirito began speaking in a composed tone.
217


Morning Dew Girl

“The parameters required for that weapon are way too high, so
someone like you wouldn’t be able to equip it. We’ll help you out. Even
if she does look like that, that big sis over there is unreasonably strong.”
Glancing at Kirito, Asuna too, returned a firm nod. Getting up, she
turned towards Sasha and opened her mouth.
“Please allow us to help as well. Having more manpower should
be for the best.”
“—Thank you, I’ll be counting on you.”

Sasha gave a deep bow, firmly pulled up her glasses, and spoke.

“Well then, forgive me, but we’ll be running!”

Rushing out from the church, Sasha began running straight ahead
with her dagger shaking on her waist. Holding onto Yui, Asuna too,
chased behind her along with Kirito. As Asuna glanced towards her
back while running, she found a huge crowd of children following
behind, but it did not seem like Sasha had any intention to send them
away.

Weaving their way through the groves of trees, they entered the
sixth eastern district and dove through the back alleys. It seemed that
they were taking shortcuts for the shortest distance possible, and as
they crossed through NPC store fronts, gardens belonging to private
houses and such, they spotted a group blocking the thin alleyway in
front. There were probably at least ten people. Dressed in uniform ashgreen and steel-black equipment, they were unmistakably members of
the «Army».
218


Morning Dew Girl

As Sasha, who was dashing through the alleyways without
hesitation, drew to a stop, she caught the attention of the players from
the Army, and they turned around with a broad grin.
“Oh, the baby-sitter is here.”

“...Please return the children.”

Sasha spoke with an unwavering voice.

“Don’t just tarnish our reputation like that. We’ll return them
soon; we’re just instilling some proper social etiquette into them.”

“Yeah, yeah. The townspeople do have their responsibility to pay
up their taxes, after all.”

The men went wa-ha-ha-ha, letting loose raucous laughter.
Sasha’s tightly closed fist trembled.
“Gin! Kain! Everyone!! Are you there!?”

When Sasha called out towards the men, a frightened girlish voice
soon rang out in response.
“Sensei! Sensei... help us!”

“Don’t worry about the money, just hand it all over!”

“Sensei... we can’t just...!”

This time, it was a strained boyish voice.
“Nha, ha, ha.”

One of the men blocking up the road spluttered out a laugh that
resembled a spasm.

“Well, it’s all because you guys haven’t been paying up quite a bit
of taxes... Money just isn’t enough like this, eh.”

219


Morning Dew Girl

“That’s right, that’s right. We’ll have you drop your equipment
here too. All of your armor too... every single, last piece.”

Looking on at the men’s vulgar smirks, Asuna instantly guessed at
the state of affairs from within the alley. This «tax collection force» was
no doubt demanding for the group of children, which included a girl, to
take off all of their clothes as well. A fury close to blood-thirst began
swelling within Asuna.
Sasha seemed to have reached the same conclusion, drew closer
to the men, brimming with hostility.
“Get out... Get out of my way! Otherwise...”

“Otherwise what, baby-sitter? You gonna pay the tax in their
place?”
The smirking men made no effort to move whatsoever.

Within towns, or within the boundary of the town’s range, so to
speak, as the program known as the Crime Protection Code is always
activated, trying to inflict damage, as well as attempts to move other
players against their will were completely impossible. But in return,
malicious players blocking paths cannot be eliminated. Sealing up the
roadway by standing there, to «block»; even getting several people to
surround the target directly to immobilize the victim, to «box»; the
existence of these unethical harassment methods ended up being
allowed.
That said, those acts were only effective in cases where one was
moving on the ground after all. Asuna looked at Kirito, and spoke.
“Let’s go, Kirito-kun.”
“Yeah.”

220


Morning Dew Girl

Nodding in agreement, they casually kicked off the ground.

Towards the pair jumping using all of their dexterity and strength,
Sasha and the member of the Army could only look up dumbfounded
as they soared over them easily, landing in the space that was enclosed
from all sides.
“Woah!?”

Several men in there jumped back with fright.

In the corner of the area, two boys and a girl in their early tens
were huddled together stiffly. Their armor was already removed,
dressed only in simple underwear. Asuna bit her lips, stepped up to the
children, and spoke with a smile on.
“It’s alright now. You can return your equipment.”

The youths immediately nodded with round eyes, picking up the
armor at their feet frantically, and started operating their windows.
“Oi... Oi, oi, oi!!”

At that moment, a player from the Army finally came to his senses
and shouted out loud.
“The heck’s with you guys!! Don’t you dare obstruct the work of
the «Army»!!”
“Now, now, wait a bit.”

Stopping that, a man with noticeably heavier armor stepped
forward. He seemed to be the leader of the group.

“We haven’t seen you guys around, but do you know what it
means to go against the Liberation Force? If you still intend to, we can
even hear out your case in detail at the headquarters.”

221


Morning Dew Girl

The leader’s slim eyes shone with a vile light. Pulling out a large
broadsword from his waist, he stepped up while repeatedly striking
the sword blade with his palm, as if on purpose. The surface of the
sword glittered with the light from the low-lying setting sun. A shallow
gleam typical of a weapon that had never experienced or been repaired
from damage even a single time.
“Or do you want to bring this «outside the boundary» to settle it,
outside the boundary? Eh!?”
At the moment she heard that single phrase.

The clenching of Asuna’s teeth rang out. She thought it best to
settle the matter amicably, but when she saw the youths shivering with
fear, her fury had already passed her limit.
“...Kirito-kun, I’ll leave Yui-chan to you.”

Yui was handed over to Kirito, and before anyone knew what was
happening, he had already flung out the materialized Asuna’s rapier
with a single hand. Drawing the sword as she received it, she nimbly
moved towards the leader.
“A.... Ah...?”

Facing the man, still unable to catch up with the situation with his
mouth left half-open, Asuna suddenly threw all her power into a singlehanded stab.
The surroundings were dyed in a violet flash of light. The sound
of an impact on the level of an explosion. The man’s menacing face was
thrown back, and he fell backwards onto his rear in a daze, with his
eyes still open.

222


Morning Dew Girl

“If you wish for a battle that much, there’s no need to go all the
way to the field.”

Walking right up to the man, Asuna once again brandished her
right hand. The flash repeated, and a deafening sound rumbled out.
The leader tumbled backwards, as though he was repelled.

“Don’t worry, your HP didn’t drop after all. Well, thanks to that
though, I don’t have to stop either.”

Looking up at the figure of Asuna approaching with steady steps
with trembling lips, the leader appeared to have finally realized what
she implied.

Within the range of the Crime Prevention Code, even if attacks
from weapons are targeted at players, it will be stopped by an invisible
barrier and no damage will be inflicted. But this rule too, had an
alternate significance: that the attacker would have no worries of being
corrupted into the colors reserved for criminals.

An example that uses that fact would be the «Within Boundary
Battle», usually done as a mock battle used for practice. However, with
the increase of the attacker’s stats and skills, the noise of the impact
and the luminosity of the color created by the system, at the time the
Code was activated, will be intensified accordingly; And in addition to
that, with the power of the sword skill used, though slight, a knockback
effect would be produced as well. For people not used to it, it was not
an easy thing to bear, even if they do understand that their HP was not
reduced.
“Eek... s-sto...”

Knocked down onto the ground by Asuna’s sword attack, the
leader screeched out.

223


Morning Dew Girl

224


Morning Dew Girl

“You guys... don’t just watch... do something about it...!!”

Finally regaining their senses with that voice, the members of the
Army pulled out their weapons one after another.

The blocking players, who sensed the abnormality of the situation,
ran in too, from the north and south roads.

Surrounded by the men in the shape of a semicircle, Asuna faced
them with eyes blazing brightly, as though she had returned to the
time when she was the ardent warrior. Kicking off the ground without
a word, she sliced the troops right before her.
In just an instant, the narrow space was filled with the
consecutively howling of a thunderous roar.
About three minutes later.

As Asuna, having regained her senses, stopped moving and
lowered her sword, all that laid within that area, were the collapsed
bodies of the players from the Army, scattered around. The only ones
left all seemed to have deserted their leader and escaped.
“Whew...”

Taking a large breath of air, she sheathed her rapier back into its
scabbard and turned around— all she saw were the figures of Sasha
and the children from the church, standing stock still, lost for words.
“Ah...”

Asuna took a step back as she held her breath. She believed that
she had definitely frightened the children when she abandoned herself
to her fury and lashed out earlier, and cast her eyes down in
depression.
225


Morning Dew Girl

But at that moment, the usual boy who stood at the head of the
children, with his combed back red hair, cried out with his eyes
sparkling.

“Amazing... That was amazing, sis!! That was the first time I saw
anything like that!!”

“I told you that this big sister was unreasonably strong, didn’t I?”

Kirito stepped forward with a broad smile. Holding onto Yui with
his left hand, a sword hung lowered on his right. It seemed that he had
faced off several others.
“...A-Ahaha.”

Asuna laughed, feeling troubled, and the children suddenly gave
several loud cheers, jumping towards her.

Sasha held her two hands tightly before her bosom, smiling with
eyes that seemed to be holding back tears.
“Everyone’s.... Everyone’s hearts are-”

A slight, but clear voice resounded. Asuna raised her face, startled.
Within Kirito’s arm, Yui who had awoken without anyone noticing,
looked towards blank air and reached out with her right hand.

Asuna looked towards that direction in a fluster, but there was
nothing there.
“Everyone’s hearts... are...”

“Yui! What’s the matter, Yui!!”

Kirito cried out, and Yui blinked twice or thrice, looking on with a
blanked out expression. Asuna too, ran up in her confusion, grasping
onto Yui’s hand.

226


Morning Dew Girl

“Yui-chan... could it be, that you remembered something!?”
“...I... I...”

Frowning, she hung her head down.

“I, wasn’t... here... Always, by myself, in the darkness...”

Frowning as though she recalled something, she bit her lips. And,
at that moment...
“Wa... aa... aaah!!”

Throwing her head back, a high-pitched shriek surged out from
her slender throat.
“...!?”

Zsh, zsh, a sound similar to electronic noise reverberated within
Asuna’s ears for the first time ever since she was in SAO. Immediately
after that, Yui’s petrified body started trembling here and there, as
though they were decaying away.
“Yu... Yui-chan...!”

Asuna screamed and wrapped her hands around that body
frantically.
“Mama... scary... Mama...!!”

Holding up the feebly moaning Yui from Kirito’s arm, Asuna
tightly embraced her within her chest. Several seconds later, the
mysterious phenomenon settled down, and the strength escaped from
Yui’s rigid body.
“What... happened just now...”

227


Morning Dew Girl

The hollow murmur from Kirito faintly flowed through the empty
space consumed in silence.

228


Morning Dew Girl

Chapter 3
“Everyone, take one piece of bread each!”

“Hey, it’ll spill if you don’t pay attention!”

“Aah, sensei! Gin stole my sunny-side-up fried egg!”
“I gave you my carrots in return, didn’t I!”
“This is... pretty amazing...”

“Yea, it is...”

Both Asuna and Kirito gazed upon the scene of a breakfast,
resembling a battlefield unfolding right before their eyes, and muttered
to each other in a daze.

The Starting City, the guest room within the church of the seventh
eastern district. Large plates of eggs, sausages, vegetable salads and
such were lined up on a pair of huge, long tables, nearly overflowing
them, and were ravaged by twenty or so children in a grand riot.
“But still, it looks like they’re really having fun.”

At the circular table slightly away, Asuna sat with Kirito, Yui, and
Sasha, smiling as she brought a cup of tea to her lips.
“It’s like this every day. It doesn’t sink in no matter how many
times they’re told to be quiet.”

Having said that, Sasha narrowed her eyes filled with love from
the bottom of her heart, as she looked at the children.

229


Morning Dew Girl

“You really do like children, don’t you?”

Asuna spoke, and Sasha smiled with embarrassment.

“On the other side, I was training to become a teacher in
university. You see, classroom chaos has always been a problem, hasn’t
it. The chance to be able to guide children; I’ve always gotten fired up
by it. But when I came here, when I started living with those children,
just about everything was different from what I believed in... It felt like
I was the one relying on them instead; that they were supporting me
more rather than the other way around. But, well, that might be fine
too... I started believing that it was merely a natural result.”
“Well, I guess I do understand somehow.”

Asuna nodded, softly brushing Yui’s head, who was earnestly
putting a spoon to her mouth beside her. The warmth brought about
by Yui’s existence surprised her. It was different from the heartrending
love she felt in her chest that tightened when touched by Kirito; it was
like being tucked into unseen feathers, before being covered once
again; a quiet serenity.
Yesterday, passing out after going into a mysterious fit, Yui
fortunately came to after several minutes. However, as Asuna did not
want to immediately make any long trips or use the teleport gate, and
also partly due to Sasha’s keen invitation, they ended up borrowing
one of the Church’s available rooms for the night.

Yui’s condition seemed well since the morning, so Asuna and
Kirito were relieved for the moment, but her original circumstances
had not changed. According to the faint memories that seemed to have
returned to Yui, she appears to have never come to the Starting City,
and in the first place, she was not living with a guardian. In that case,
the origin of the defect in Yui’s memory, the symptom of her regression

230


Morning Dew Girl

back to an infant, was absolutely unknown, and they were at a loss for
what they should be doing next.

But Asuna had tempered the feelings from the depths of her heart.

From now on too, she would continue living together with Yui
until the day her memory returns. Even if her break were to end, and
she had to return to the frontlines, there should be a way to
somehow—
As Asuna got lost in her anxiety while stroking Yui’s hair, Kirito
put down his cup and started speaking.
“Sasha-san...”
“Yes?”

“...Well, it’s about the Army. To the extent of my knowledge,
despite the overwhelming tyranny from those guys, they were still
determined to maintain public order. But looking back at those guys
from yesterday, it was as if they were criminals... Since when has it
been like that?”
Sasha tensed her mouth and answered.

“The time I felt their change in objectives should have been
around half a year ago... There were some who committed acts of
extortion under the name of tax collection, as well as others who, on
the other hand, cracked down on those. I have also witnessed scenes of
fellow members of the Army confronting each other several times.
According to rumours, it seems that there were power struggles among
the higher-ups or something like that...”

“Yeaah... Well, they’re still an enormous organization of over a
thousand members now, after all. There’s no way they’re monolithic

231


Morning Dew Girl

though... But still, if what happened yesterday was a daily affair, they
shouldn’t be able to just leave it alone... Asuna.”
“What?”

“Does that guy know about this situation?”

Guessing at whom Kirito referred to with those reluctantly
spoken words, “that guy,” Asuna spoke as she held back a smile.

“Well, I guess he would know... Leader Heathcliff is
knowledgeable, even about the movements of the Army, after all. But
about him, how should I say this, he doesn’t seem to have much
interest in anyone aside from the high levelled clearers... He has asked
various things about Kirito-kun in the past, but at the time of the
subjugation of the murder guild, «Laughing Coffin», he just left us with
a single line going, “I’ll leave it to you.” Hence, I believe that he
probably wouldn’t mobilize the clearing group for the sake of
influencing the Army.”

“Well, it does seem like it’s possible when you consider that guy...
But in that case, we can’t really do much with just us around.”

Knitting his brows as he sipped his tea, Kirito suddenly raised his
face and looked towards the entrance of the church.
“Someone’s here. A single person...”

“Eh... Could it be another guest...?”

As if to emphasize Sasha’s words, a loud knock resounded
throughout the building.

232


Morning Dew Girl

The one who entered the dining room with Sasha, a dagger hung
on her waist, and Kirito, who followed her to be certain, was a female
player of tall stature.

Long, silver hair tied up in a ponytail- her appearance gave off the
impression of intelligence, and her sky-blue eyes shone intensely with
light on her sharp, well-featured face.

Hairstyle, hair color, and even the color of the eyes’ pupils can be
customized to one’s will in SAO, but as what most of the system had to
work with were Japanese, players that suit strong hues of color like
this could be said to be fairly rare. Asuna too, had once tried dying her
hair to cherry pink herself; it was an unmentionable past in which she
returned it to brown in disappointment.
She was a beautiful person, and having gained a first impression
that included some yearning for her adult-like image, Asuna dropped
her gaze once more, towards the girl’s equipment, and her body
stiffened up on reflex.

Though it was hidden by an iron-grey cape on her body, she wore
a dark green coat with leggings well-fitted on her thighs; the metal
armor with a dull gleam was unmistakably the uniform of the «Army».
On the right side of her waist was a shortsword, and a curled up whip
hung on her left.
The children who had noticed the woman’s appearance sank into
silence all at once and stopped moving with their eyes dyed in
vigilance. However, Sasha smiled towards the children and spoke as
though she was easing their distrust.
“Everyone, it’s fine, don’t worry about this lady. Continue your
meal.”

233


Morning Dew Girl

The children threw a questionable glance, but with those words
from Sasha, in whom they had placed their utmost trust, everyone
released the tension in their shoulders feeling relieved, and the clamor
immediately returned to the dining room. The female player who
walked all the way to the circular table in the midst of all that took a
chair offered by Sasha and sat down with a short bow.

Not understanding the situation, Asuna looked at Kirito
questioningly, and he, who sat down in a chair, too, inclined his head to
the side as he faced Asuna and spoke.
“Er, well, this person is Yuriel-san. It seems that she has
something to tell us.”

The silver-haired whip-user who was introduced as Yuriel looked
straight at Asuna for a moment, before quickly bowing her head and
opening her mouth.
“Good to meet you, I’m Yuriel. I belong to the guild, ALF.”

“ALF?”

Asuna asked in return at the name she had heard of for the first
time, prompting Yuriel to give a slight bow with her head.

“Ah, excuse me. That would be the abbreviation for the Aincrad
Liberation Force. I don’t quite like the official name, so...”

Her voice was that of a composed, elegant alto. Feelings of envy
grew even larger within Asuna, who had always thought her own voice
was childish, as she returned the greetings.

“Nice to meet you. I am the guild, Knights of the Blood’s— ah, no,
I’m currently retired for the time being, but you can call me Asuna. And
this child is Yui.”

234


Morning Dew Girl

Having emptied the serving of soup in the time passed and
presently challenging the fruit juice, Yui suddenly raised her face,
closely watching Yuriel. She slightly inclined her head, but soon gave a
sweet smile, retreating her gaze.

The moment the name of the Knights of the Blood reached
Yuriel’s ears, she opened her sky-blue eyes wide.

“KoB... I see, in that case, it’s no wonder those guys were easily
dealt with.”

Asuna, who figured “those guys” referred to the assault and
extortion group from yesterday, heightened her wariness as she spoke.
“...In other words, you’re here to question the incident from
yesterday, is that it?”

“No, no, that’s not it at all. It’s the opposite; it’s more like I wanted
to express my thanks for doing a good job.”
“...”

Facing towards Kirito and Asuna, who were silent as they tried to
get ahold of the situation, Yuriel straightened herself up.
“Today, I came here with a request for the two of you.”
“A-A request...?”

Nodding as her hair of silver swayed, the swordswoman from the
Army continued.
“Yes. Then I’ll start my explanations from the very start. What is
known as the Army, wasn’t named as such since long ago... The reason
why the ALF became the current name for the Army, is due to the fact
that a former sub-leader, a man named, Kibaou, who is presently the

235


Morning Dew Girl

influential head, took control over it. Initially, it had the guild name,
MTD... Have you ever heard of it?

Asuna did not recall ever hearing of it, but Kirito gave an
immediate reply.

“That’s probably the abbreviation for «MMO Today». At the time
SAO started, it was the biggest net-game information gathering site in
Japan. The one who formed the guild should have been the
administrator from there. If I’m not wrong, the name was...”
“Sinker.”

At the moment the name was spoken, Yuriel’s face contorted
slightly.

“He... was definitely not trying to make a self-righteous
organization like how it is now. All he wanted was to equally share
information and food resources among as many players as possible...”

Even Asuna knew all about the ideals and collapse of the «Army»
during that time through hearsay. The ideal of hunting down monsters
with many people, lowering the level of danger as much as they could,
through which they were able to earn a steady income and spreading
that out equally, was not flawed in itself. But the essence of MMORPGs
was the scramble for resources by players for themselves, and that had
not changed, even with the strange, not to mention, extreme conditions
attached to a game such as SAO. No, actually, it could be said that those
conditions reinforced that supposition instead.

Therefore, a pragmatic plan and strong leadership for the
organization were crucial to realize those ideals, and to add onto that,
the Army was much too big. Concealment of acquired items was

236


Morning Dew Girl

rampant, coups and revolts happened one after another, and the
leaders gradually lost their control over the guild.

“And the one who came to power then was the man named
Kibaou.”
Yuriel spoke in an unpleasant tone.

“He supported the concept of individualism from Sinker, began
strengthening the structure of the organization with players of the
upper rank with similar views, and changed the name of the guild to
Aincrad Liberation Force. In addition, he drove the hunting down of
criminals and monopolization of fields with effective rates up, through
the use of an official policy. He had at least considered friendships with
other guilds by defending the etiquette on hunting areas until then, but
after that, he kept up the monopolization for a long period of time
through multiple displays of power, sharply increasing the guild’s
profits, and caused the supporters of Kibaou to end up gaining political
power rapidly. Recently, Sinker has been increasingly resigned to the
status of a mere figurehead... while the players from the Kibaou clique
have been getting carried away, starting acts of extortion under the
pretense of «tax collection», even within the boundaries of towns.
Yesterday, the ones who caused all of you that distressing encounter
were part of those guys from that faction.”
Yuriel took a breath of air, drank the tea Sasha had made, and
continued.

“However, even the Kibaou clique has a weakness. That is, they’re
hooked on nothing but the accumulation of wealth, barely continuing
with the completion of the game. The belief that they are mistaking the
cause for the end is becoming popular among the tail end of the
players... To restrain that dissatisfaction, Kibaou recently took a

237


Morning Dew Girl

reckless gamble. Within his subordinates, he assembled a party of ten
of the highest levelled players, sending them to finish off the foremost
boss.”

Asuna unintentionally exchanged glances with Kirito. The case of
the player from the Army, Colbert, who challenged the floor boss of the
seventy-fourth floor, «The Gleameyes», without even proper
preparations and died a tragic death found a new detail to add on to
her memory.

“Regardless of how high those levels may have been, from the
very start, when compared to those from the clearing group, we cannot
deny our lack of competence. ...In the end, the party was eliminated,
and with the worst possible result of the death of the commanding
officer. Kibaou was strongly blamed for that display of recklessness.
We were only a short bit away from being able to exile him, but...”

Wrinkles creased on Yuriel’s high nose bridge, and she bit her lips.

“Three days ago, Kibaou, took drastic measures as he was hunted
down, setting a trap for Sinker. He used a corridor crystal, set to deep
within the dungeon, at the exit, and Sinker ended up getting expelled
instead. At that time, Sinker went without his equipment, believing in
Kibaou’s words, ‘Let’s talk while unarmed,’ in a status that guarantees
that one would be unable to break through the mob of monsters from
the deepest section of the dungeon and return by oneself. It seemed
that he didn’t even carry a teleport crystal with him...”
is...?”

nod.

“Th-Three days have already passed...!? In that case, Sinker-san

Towards Asuna who replied with a question, Yuriel gave a slight
238


Morning Dew Girl

“His name on the «Monument of Life» is still unaltered, so it
seems that he managed to make it all the way to the safe zone
somehow. However, as the location is still the inner portion of a
considerably high levelled dungeon, we appear to be unable to take
any action... As you know, messages cannot be sent within dungeons,
and the guild storage cannot be accessed from inside, so we can’t just
send a teleport crystal in either.”

Since using a corridor crystal leading right into a destination of
death is a basic technique known as, «Portal PK», Sinker should
naturally know about it. However, he probably did not even consider
that a sub-leader of the same guild would go to that extent, even with
the bitterness between them. Or perhaps, he just did not want to
believe it at all.

As though she had read Asuna’s thoughts, Yuriel muttered, “He’s
just too much of a good person,” with a sigh, and continued.

“...The only ones able to manipulate the proof of a guild leader, the
«Scroll of Contracts», are Sinker and Kibaou, and at this rate, with
Sinker not returning, the guild’s personnel management and such, even
the finances; it will all be left under Kibaou’s control. The responsibility
for not preventing Sinker from falling into the trap lies with his
assistant, which would be me, and I have no choice but to go and
rescue him. But I have no chance of breaking through the dungeon he is
confined in with my level; neither can I call for support from the
players of the «Army».”
She bit her lips tightly, before looking straight at Kirito, then
Asuna.

“And at that time, I caught wind of news that an amazingly
powerful pair appeared within the city, hence it is with the intention to

239


Morning Dew Girl

ask for help, that I came here, as I could not just ignore the situation
and do nothing. Kirito-san— Asuna-san.”
Yuriel bowed deeply, and spoke.

“I believe this to be extremely impudent of me to ask of this when
we’ve just met, but please, won’t you aid me in rescuing Sinker?”

Asuna stared intently at Yuriel, who had ended her long story and
closed her mouth.

It may be depressing to say so, but within SAO, the words of
others cannot be trusted so easily. Even for a matter like this, the
possibility of it being a conspiracy to lure Kirito and Asuna outside the
range of the town, so as to inflict harm onto them, cannot be
abandoned just yet. Normally, as long as there is sufficient knowledge
about the game, one would be able to find the holes in the stories of
possible liars, but unfortunately, Asuna and company are much too
ignorant about the true state of affairs concerning the «Army».

Exchanging a glance with Kirito, Asuna opened her mouth to
speak with care.

“—If there’s something we can do, we should offer our strength—
that is what I believe. But for that to happen, we would first have to do
some research at least, so as to confirm your story...”
“That is— as expected, I suppose...”

Yuriel gave a slight nod.

“I even realize, that this is an unreasonable request... However, it
would not be unthought-of for a horizontal line to be engraved into
Sinker’s name on the «Monument of Life» of the Black Iron Castle any
moment now...”

240


Morning Dew Girl

The silver-haired whip-user’s firm eyes appeared to cloud over,
swaying Asuna’s feelings. She keenly felt her desire to believe. But at
the same time, the experience she had gathered over these two years in
this world warned her, setting off alarm bells about the danger of
letting her emotions loose.

Taking a look at Kirito, he too, seemed to be lost in his thoughts
once again. Those black eyes intently looking this way reflected the
wavering of his heart, between the desire to help out Yuriel and the
concern for Asuna’s health.

—It happened then. Yui, who had been silent up till then, abruptly
raised her face from her cup and spoke.
“It’s fine, Mama. That person, she’s not lying.”

Asuna was taken aback and stared hard at Yui. Putting aside the
contents of her speech, it was excellent Japanese, as if the way she had
faltered with her words up until yesterday was a lie.

“Yu... Yui-chan, are you able to understand something like that...?”

Having been asked the question as Asuna looked into her face, Yui
gave a nod.
“Un. I can’t... really put it into words, but I get it...”

Having heard those words, Kirito reached out with his right hand,
ruffling Yui’s head. He looked at Asuna and grinned.

“Let’s just regret believing in her, instead of regret suspecting her.
Let’s go. We’ll handle it somehow.”
“You’re as carefree as ever, huh.”

Shaking her head as she replied, Asuna too, reached out towards
Yui’s hair with her hand.

241


Morning Dew Girl

“Sorry about that, Yui-chan. We will be delayed in searching for
your friends for a day, but do forgive us.”

She whispered in a small voice, although she was unsure if she
really understood it. Yui gave a huge smile and nodded. Stroking her
glossy black hair once again, Asuna turned towards Yuriel and spoke,
smiling.

“...We might not be of much help, but do allow us to aid you. The
desire to help someone important to you; I too, understand that
feeling...”

As tears welled up in Yuriel’s sky-blue eyes, she took a deep bow.
“Thank you... Thank you so much...”

“Let’s save that for after we rescue Sinker-san.”

Asuna gave yet another smile, and Sasha, who was looking over
the situation in silence thus far, clapped her hands together.

“In that case, be sure to get your fill! There’s still more left, so do
have some too, Yuriel-san.”

The feeble sunlight of the early winter leaked through the
treetops of the roadside trees turning a deep crimson, casting shadows
upon the stone paving. Barely anyone passed through the alleys of the
Starting City, and coupled with the streets that stretched out forever,
the somber impression it gave off could not be denied.

Asuna, properly armed with her equipment, hastened through the
roads along with Kirito, carrying Yui, under Yuriel’s guidance.
Asuna naturally tried to leave Yui behind in Sasha’s care, but as
Yui stubbornly insisted on going together, she ended up reluctantly

242


Morning Dew Girl

bringing her along. Of course, a teleport crystal was prepared for her in
her pocket. If the situation called for it—though it would trouble
Sasha—it was arranged to allow her to retreat away from there.
“Ah, now that I think about it, you didn’t mention something
important yet.”
Kirito called out to Yuriel, who was walking in front.

“Which floor is the dungeon in question on?”

Yuriel gave a simple answer.
“It’s, here.”
“...?”

Asuna instinctively inclined her head to the side.
“Here... eh?”

“It’s, well, this Starting City’s... there’s a large dungeon in the
underground at the central part of it. Sinker is... probably, in the
deepest part of...”
“Seriously?”

Kirito spoke as though he was groaning.

“There wasn’t anything like that during the beta test. What a
miss...”

“The entrance to that dungeon, is at the Black Iron Castle— in
other words, it’s at the Army’s headquarters. It does appear that it’s the
type of dungeon that opens up with the clearing of the upper floors,
and it was only found out around the time Kibaou came to power, with
them planning to monopolize it for their own clique. It was kept a
243


Morning Dew Girl

secret for quite some time, from even Sinker, and of course, myself as
well...”

“So that’s it. There are quite a lot of rare items that pop up only
once in unexplored dungeons, after all. They must have made quite a
profit from it.”
“Well, that’s not quite true.”

Yuriel’s tone of voice was dyed with slight traces of pleasure.

“Despite it being on the base floor, the degree of difficulty for that
dungeon was dreadfully high... Even among the base monsters there,
their levels are close to those around the sixtieth floor. It seems like
even the advance party led by Kibaou himself got broken up and
chased around, barely escaping with their lives by teleporting out.
Thanks to those recklessly used crystals, we went deep in the red and
all.
“Hahaha, I see.”

Yuriel responded to Kirito’s laugh with a smile, but soon sank into
gloom.
“However, right now, that’s the reason why saving Sinker is
difficult. The corridor crystal that Kibaou used was made by marking a
spot rather deep inside that he got through to as he ran here and there
away from the monsters... Sinker is probably at the tip of that marked
spot. It’s not quite impossible for me to handle the monsters there if
it’s one-on-one, but consecutive battles would be totally hopeless. —I
apologize, but the two of you will...”
“Ah, well, if it’s around the sixtieth floor...”

“We should be able to handle it somehow.”

244


Morning Dew Girl

Following up on Kirito’s statement, Asuna nodded. For the
dungeon on the sixtieth floor, a level of 70 was needed to amply clear it,
but Asuna had currently reached level 87, while Kirito had easily
exceeded 90. With that, it should be possible to break through the
dungeon even while protecting Yui, and she released the tension in her
shoulders with relief. However, Yuriel continued her speech without
changing her anxious-looking expression.
“...Also, there’s another matter of concern. It’s information gotten
from the players who participated in the advance party, but deep in the
dungeon... a humongous monster was sighted; something at the rank of
a boss...”
“...”

Asuna exchanged glances with Kirito.

“The boss might be that one from around the sixtieth floor... How
was the boss from there again?”

“Eh, well, I believe... it was something like an armored warrior
formed from stone.”
“Ah, that one, huh. ...It wasn’t too hard, if I’m not wrong...”
Facing towards Yuriel, she gave another nod.

“Well, as for that, we should probably be able to handle it as well.”

“In that case, I’m relieved!”

Yuriel finally slackened her jaws and continued her words while
squinting, as though she was looking at something dazzling.
“That’s right... The both of you have always experienced boss
battles... I’m sorry, to take up your precious time...”

245


Morning Dew Girl

“No, we’re on break right now, after all.”

Asuna flustered, waving her hands.

As they exchanged those conversations, the form of a huge
building, shining with a black luster, began to appear in the streets
beyond them. It was the largest establishment of the Starting City, the
«Black Iron Castle». In the hall right after entering through the main
gate, the «Monument of Life», with the names of every player listed on
it, was erected, and although anyone could enter up till that point, most
of the deeper grounds inside were completely under the control of the
Army.

Yuriel did not head for the main entrance to the castle, moving
around to the back. The high castle walls and the deep moat encircling
it, denying intruders, continued on forever. There was absolutely no
human traffic.

After walking on for several minutes, the place where Yuriel came
to a stop was a stairway that descended from the road, down towards
somewhere close to the water’s surface of the moat. Peering in, there
was a dark passage wide open on the right side at the tip of the stairs.
“We will enter the castle’s sewers from here and head for the
entrance to the dungeon. It might be a little dark and narrow though...”

Yuriel cut off her words there, glancing at Yui, within Kirito’s
arms, with concern. With that, Yui scowled as though she was upset,
“Yui isn’t scared!”

and insisted so. A smile unintentionally leaked from Asuna, as she
looked at the situation.
246


Morning Dew Girl

To Yuriel, Yui was explained with nothing more than a, “We’re
living together.” She did not try to pry into anything beyond that, but
she probably had reservations about bringing her along to the dungeon,
as expected.
all.”

Asuna spoke as to alleviate her worries.

“It’s alright; this child is much more alert than she appears, after

“Yep. She will definitely become a fine swordswoman in the
future.”

With Kirito’s remark, Asuna exchanged glances with him and
smiled, and Yuriel gave a deep nod.
“Well then, let’s go!”
“Nuooooo”

And the sword gripped by the right hand cut through the monster
with a slash,
“Ryaaaaaaa”

And the sword gripped by the left hand blew it away with a bang.

Equipping two swords for the first time in a while, Kirito released
all the energy saved up from his holiday, laying waste to the swarms of
enemies without pause, one after another. Asuna, holding Yui’s hand,
and Yuriel, gripping her metal whip, had no chance to do anything at all.
Each time the groups of enemies, comprising of huge frog-type
monsters covered in slime, crayfish-type monsters carrying pincers of
a black sheen, and such appeared, what assaulted them with reckless
247


Morning Dew Girl

fury were the swords from the left and right, tearing through
everything surrounding them, finishing the enemies off.

Asuna’s mind went, “Oh, geez,” but Yuriel gazed upon Kirito’s
berserker-style with wonder, her mouth agape. It was probably a
spectacle much too different from her knowledge of combat. With Yui
cheering on with an innocent “Papa, do your best,” the tension in the
air evaporated even further.
Dozens of minutes had passed since heading from the dark and
moist underground water supply, until invading this dungeon made
from black stones. It was more wide, deep and filled with monsters
than expected, but with Kirito breaking the game balance, swinging
around his pair of swords with vigor, the two swordswomen suffered
from nearly zero fatigue.
“We... Well, I’m a little sorry about this, leaving it all to you...”

Towards the apologetic-looking Yuriel, with her head bowed
down, Asuna replied with a wry smile.

“No, that guy’s already enthralled, after all... It’s fine just letting
him do everything.”
“Hey, what’s with that, that’s horrible.”

Kirito, back from devastating the group, sulked as Asuna’s words
reached his ears.
“Want to switch, then?”

“...Ju-just a bit more.”

Asuna and Yuriel smiled as they met each other’s glances.

After the silver-haired whip user waved her left hand, displaying
the map, she pointed out the glowing point that represented a friend

248


Morning Dew Girl

marker, showing Sinker’s present position. As she did not have the
map to the dungeon, the path towards the glowing point was blank, but
they had already shortened seventy percent of the total distance.
“Sinker’s position hadn’t moved for several days. I believe that he
should probably be in a safe area. If we’re able to reach all the way
there, we can just use crystals to withdraw, so... I’m sorry, I’ll be
counting on you for just a little longer.”
Yuriel lowered her head, and Kirito frantically waved his hands.

“N-No, we’re doing it because we want to, and there are items
dropping as well, so...”
“Oh?”

Asuna asked in return by reflex.

“Did something good drop?”

“Yup.”

Kirito nimbly manipulated the window, and a dark red meat
appeared from its surface with a clacking sound. Asuna’s face froze,
thinking about how grotesque it must feel.
“Wha... Just what is that?”

“Frog meat! You’ll definitely say that its tastiness is comparable to
its strangeness, so be sure to cook it later.”
“I. Won’t. Do it!!”

Asuna shouted out, and opened up her window as well. Accessing
the inventory shared with Kirito, she dragged the character string
going, «Scavenger Meat x24», and mercilessly tossed it onto the trash
bin mark.

249


Morning Dew Girl

“Ah! Aaaaaa...”

Looking upon the utterly dejected-looking Kirito speaking in a
bitter tone, Yuriel could not help but laugh, holding onto her stomach,
even as she tried to stifle it. At that moment,
“Big sis, you finally laughed!”

Yui cried out delightedly. She too, grinned broadly.

Looking at that, it took Asuna aback— recalling what had
happened back then. The day before, the time Yui went into spasms
was also right after the children had all laughed together, having
repelled those guys from the Army. It seemed that the girl had a unique
sensitivity towards the smiles of people around her. Whether that was
the personality she was born with, or perhaps due to all the painful
feelings she had suffered until now— Asuna instinctively held up Yui in
her arms, hugging her closely. She swore in her heart, that she would
always smile when beside this child.
“Well, let’s go on!”

To Asuna’s voice, the party stepped forth, heading ever further
into the depths.

The groups of monsters mainly made up of aquatic-based
creatures from the time they entered the dungeon changed into those
from the specter family, such as zombies and ghosts, as they descended
the stairs, sending intense chills down Asuna’s heart, but Kirito’s pair
of swords continued slaughtering the appearing enemies in mere
instants, not showing the slightest hint of hesitation.
Normally, it is not quite well-regarded for a high levelled player
to go wild in a hunting field far below theirs, but there was no need to
mind about that this time, as there wasn’t even anyone else there. If

250


Morning Dew Girl

there was time available, it would be a chance to work towards
levelling up Yuriel, who was content being the support, but rescuing
Sinker took precedence at present.

In the two hours that passed in the blink of an eye, the distance
between the current position displayed on the map, and where Sinker’s
location was, thought to be the safe zone, steadily narrowed down.
It was completely unknown just how many had already been
downed, as Kirito’s swords blew that particular black skeleton
swordsman into pieces, and they finally caught sight of a passage
glimmering with warm light just beyond there.
“Ah, it’s the safe zone!”

As Asuna spoke, Kirito nodded as well, having confirmed with his
detection skill.
“There’s a player alone inside. It’s safe.”

“Sinker!”

Yuriel shouted out and ran with her metal armor clinking, unable
to hold herself back any longer. Kirito lowered his two swords and
hurried behind her, along with Asuna holding onto Yui.

They ran towards the light. As they went through the road that
bent to the right for several seconds, a large fork in the road, and
beyond that, a small room, soon came into view.

To their eyes, accustomed to the darkness, the room was filled
with light bright enough to blind them, and a single man stood in the
entranceway. His face was shaded due to the backlight, but he was
wildly waving his arms in their direction.
“Yurieeel!!”

251


Morning Dew Girl

The moment he confirmed the figures, the man roared out her
name. Yuriel waved her left hand as well, running ever quicker.
“Sinkerrr!!”

As if his voice was mixed with tears, the man’s cry—

“Don’t come any closeeer!! That road is...!!”

On hearing that, Asuna slowed down her pace, startled. But it did
not seem to have reached Yuriel’s ears. She was rushing straight
towards the room.
In that moment.

Several meters before the room, in the blind spot on the right side,
on the path intersecting the road that the three were running through,
an unexpected single yellow cursor appeared. Asuna promptly checked
the name. The display was «The Fatal-scythe»—

With the meaning of a scythe that decides fate, it had the defining
“The” attached to it. The proof of a boss monster.
“Nooo!! Yuriel-san, get back!!”

Asuna screamed. The yellow cursor smoothly moved towards the
left, closing in towards the intersection of the crossroads. At this rate,
Yuriel would run into it at the crossing. There was barely any time left.
“Ku-!!”

Suddenly, Kirito who had been running on Asuna’s left seemed
to— have vanished. In reality, he had dashed off at a tremendous speed.
The surrounding walls quivered with the sound of that impact.
He travelled several meters with a force at the level of
teleportation, and as Kirito held onto Yuriel from behind her with his

252


Morning Dew Girl

right hand, he thrust the sword in his left into the bedrock with all his
might. A tremendous metallic sound. Countless sparks. Performing an
urgent brake that was able to burn the very air, in the space in front of
the pair that barely managed to stop before the crossroads, the ground
roared as it tremored, as a gigantic black shadow crossed.

The yellow cursor that lunged into the passage on the left stopped
after roughly ten meters. The monster of unknown stature coolly
changed its direction and appeared to charge in once again.

Kirito released Yuriel, and withdrawing the sword he pierced into
the floor, he jumped into the left passage. Asuna followed behind
frantically.

Shaking Yuriel, who had fallen due to shock, back to her senses,
she pushed her towards the opposite side of the crossing. Letting Yui
down from her arms and entrusting her with Yuriel, Asuna left a short
call.
“Please retreat into the safe zone with this child!”

The whip-user nodded with her face white, and having confirmed
that she carried Yui towards the room, Asuna drew her rapier as she
turned to the left.

The sight of Kirito’s back, staying still in his dual blades stance,
entered her vision. What laid further in— was a being of two and a half
meters, a humanoid silhouette clad in flapping black robes.

Within the hood, the arms peeking out from the cuffs, were dark,
corporeal and wriggling as they coiled about. Inside its murky face, all
that occupied it was a pair of energetic eyeballs, their blood vessels
visible, looking down at the couple. It wielded a huge black scythe in its
right hand. From the edge of that cruel curve, viscid red blots trickled

253


Morning Dew Girl

down, drop by drop. As a whole, it had a figure just like that of the
supposed god of death.

The death god’s eyeballs swirled around, and looked straight at
Asuna. At that moment, chills ran through her entire body, as though
her heart was gripped by pure fear.
But its level should not be too much to deal with.

With that thought in her head, the moment she readied her rapier
once again, Kirito spoke coarsely, standing in front of her.

“Asuna, get those three at the safe zone and escape with a crystal
now.”
“Eh...?”

“This guy’s bad. Even my identification skill couldn’t find any data
on it. In terms of power, it probably ranks among the ninetieth floors.”
“...?”

Asuna lost her breath and stiffened up as well. Even in those
moments, the death god gradually moved through the air, closing in on
the pair.
“I’ll stall for some time, so hurry up and get out of here!!”

“Ki-Kirito too, we should both...”
“I’ll go after you! Hurry...!!”

Even though the teleport crystal is a last resort measure for
retreating, it is not an all-powerful tool. Between gripping the crystal,
designating the destination, and actually completing the teleportation,
there is a time lag of several seconds. If one were to receive an attack
from a monster in that period of time, the teleportation will be

254


Morning Dew Girl

cancelled. When the chain of command breaks down in parties, with
people retreating purely to suit their own convenience popping up, the
reason why the rest become casualties, unable to even stall for enough
time to teleport, is due to this.

Asuna was at a loss. Even if the four of them teleported first, with
Kirito’s running ability, he might be able to outrun the boss to reach
the safe zone. However, the charging speed shown by the boss earlier
was truly terrifying. If perhaps— she were to escape first, and after
that, he doesn’t appear. That was a thought she could not bear.
Asuna took a glance at the depths of the road on the right.

—Sorry, Yui-chan. Even though I said that we’ll be together...
Whispering so within her heart, she shouted out.

“Yuriel-san, I’ll leave Yui to you! Please escape together, you
three!”
Yuriel shook her head, her expression frozen.
“I won’t allow it... something like that...”

“Hurry!!”

It was then. The death god, swaying its wielded scythe, started
charging with startling vigor, miasma spreading from the hem of its
robes.

Kirito crossed the swords in his hands, taking up an imposing
stance before Asuna. Asuna frantically clung onto that back, meeting
Kirito’s two swords with the one in her right hand. The death god,
without a care for the three swords, swung the scythe down, aiming
above the couple’s heads.
A red flash. An impact.

255


Morning Dew Girl

Asuna felt herself spinning round and round. First, she was
thrown to the ground, then she crashed into the ceiling on the rebound,
before falling back down to the ground once again. Her breathing
stopped, and her field of vision began to darken.
Her consciousness hazy, she checked Kirito’s and her own HP
bars, both of them had half shaved away from that single hit. The
merciless yellow indicator conveyed the inability to survive the next
attack. She had to get back up. That was what she thought, but her
body couldn’t move—
—And, at that moment.

Short step after short step, she heard those soft footsteps close to
her ears. Shifting her sight, bewildered, childlike steps, like those of a
kitten, advancing forward without a care for the impending danger
entered her vision.

Slender hands and feet. Long, black hair. It was Yui, who should
have been in the safe zone. Possessing a gaze without the slightest
trace of fear, she stared straight at the gigantic god of death.
“Idiot!! Hurry up, get away!!”

Frantically struggling to move his upper body, Kirito cried out.
The death god held its scythe aloft with deliberate motions once more.
If she was dragged into an attack of that range, Yui’s HP would
certainly be blown away. Asuna too, tried to move her mouth. But with
her lips stiffened up, she was unable to utter a single word.
But in the next moment, something unbelievable happened.
“It’s alright, Papa, Mama.”

Along with those words, Yui’s body gently floated into the air.

256


Morning Dew Girl

It was not a jump. Moving as though she flapped invisible wings,
she came to a complete stop at a height of two meters. She softly hung
her far too small right hand in the air.
“Nooo...! Get away!! Get away, Yui-chan!!”

As if to erase Asuna’s screams, the death god’s scythe was
relentlessly swung down, drawing a line of dark-red light. The
atrocious pointed edge came within reach of Yui’s pure white palm—
Right before it came into contact with her, it was hindered by a
vivid purple barrier, and repulsed with a large noise. The system tag
that floated before Yui’s palm caused Asuna to stare in astonishment.

[Immortal Object], that was surely what was written there.
Immortality— an attribute that no player should possess.

The black death god spun its eyeballs about, as though it was
bewildered. Immediately following that, a phenomenon to further
surprise Asuna happened.

“Gouu!!,” along with this sound, crimson flames came forth,
coiling around, with Yui’s right hand as their core. The flames scattered
widely for an instant, before immediately condensing, and started to
join together into a long and narrow form. As one looked on, the figure
changed towards that of a huge sword. A blade, sparkling in the shades
of the blaze, emerged from within the flames, extending out endlessly.
The greatsword that appeared in Yui’s right hand was of a length
that easily exceeded the girl’s height. Radiance from the metal that
seemed to be on the verge of melting illuminated the pathway. As
though rousing the flames of the sword, the bulky winter clothes worn
on Yui’s form burnt down in an instant. From beneath that, the white
one-piece dress the girl had on at first appeared. Strangely enough,

257


Morning Dew Girl

even as the flames winded around the one-piece dress, as well as that
long, black hair, there seemed to be absolutely no effect on them.
She casually spun the sword that exceeded her height around,
once—

Without showing a hint of hesitation, Yui challenged the death
god as she drew strokes of flames.

Despite its actions being governed by nothing more than simple
algorithms from the system, within the boss monster’s bloodshot eyes,
Asuna believed she saw them dyed in a distinct color of fear.

Draped in the swirls of flames, Yui charged through the air with a
deafening roar. The death god raised the scythe before itself and
assumed a defensive stance, as though it was afraid of the girl, far
smaller than itself. And approaching forth, Yui swung the huge, blazing
sword straight down with all her might.

The blade, exuding intense flames, collided into the horizontal
scythe’s handle. For an instant, the pair’s movements ceased.

Without even a moment to think, Yui’s flaming sword moved once
more. Like the metal was ablaze with withering amounts of heat, the
radiant blade ate into the scythe’s grip bit by bit. With enough force to
tear apart everything but Yui’s long hair and one-piece dress, as well as
the death god’s robes, it flickered behind them, scattering large sparks
at times, lighting up the interior of the dungeon, dyeing the area orange.
Before long—

Along with an explosive sound, “Gou,” the death god’s scythe was
finally cut in half. Immediately following that, as the energy
accumulated thus far was unleashed, the greatsword turned into a
pillar of flame, striking straight into the middle of the boss’s face.

258


Morning Dew Girl

259


Morning Dew Girl

“-h...!!”

Asuna and Kirito squinted their eyes and shielded their face on
reflex, reacting to the excessively strong force from a scorching ball of
fire that appeared in that moment. At the same time Yui swung the
sword straight down, the fireball blew up, swallowing up the death
god’s form in crimson swirls as it streamed deeper into the passage.
Hidden within that thunderous roar, a faint shriek of death and agony
echoed.
When they opened their eyes, they immediately closed them for
an instant due to how dazzling the flames were. The figure of the boss
monster was no more. Small fires swayed about, left behind here and
there on the road, making cracking noises. And in the center of it all,
Yui stood still by herself, looking downcast. The blazing sword which
stood in the ground, dissolved and crumbled down into nothing as it
exuded flames just like the time it materialized.

Asuna rose up, finally having regained the strength in her body,
slowly standing up by using her rapier as a support. Kirito too, stood
up shortly after. The couple approached the girl with unsteady steps.
“Yui... chan...”

Asuna called out with a coarse voice, and the girl turned back
without a sound. Her small lips showed a smile, but in those large jet
black eyes, many tears were swelling up.
Yui looked up at Asuna and Kirito as she quietly spoke.

“Papa... Mama... I, remember everything now...”

260


Morning Dew Girl

The safe zone of the deepest part of the Black Iron Castle’s
underground labyrinth was shaped as a perfect square. There was only
a single entrance, and in the middle of it, a smooth, gleaming, black
stone cube acting as a table was positioned.

Asuna and Kirito looked on at Yui, sitting on the stone table,
looking small and quiet, in silence. Yuriel and Sinker were asked to
escape first, so the three were by themselves now.

“My memory recovered”; with just those words, Yui went through
several minutes without speaking at all. That expression seemed
sorrowful somehow, as though she was hesitant to speak, but Asuna
gathered her resolve and asked.
“Yui-chan... Did you remember...? Everything up till now...”

Yui still continued looking downcast, but finally gave a nod. With
an expression like a mix between smiling and crying, she raised her
small lips.
“Yes... I will, explain everything— Kirito-san, Asuna-san.”

The moment she heard that polite form of speaking, Asuna’s chest
tightened with desolate expectations. A suffocating belief that
something would be ending.
Within the square room, Yui’s words gently started flowing forth.

“This world named, «Sword Art Online», is managed by a single
large system. The system’s name is «Cardinal». That is, the way this
world is managed is based on its judgment. In the first place, Cardinal
was designed to not require maintenance from humans. With two core
programs doing mutual error correction on the other, and in addition,
countless numbers of lower program bundles, they regulate the whole
of this world... The AI for monsters and NPCs, the balancing of the rates

261


Morning Dew Girl

of items and the currency, anything and everything is managed by the
cluster of programs under the command of Cardinal. —However, there
was one thing that could be entrusted to nothing but humans. Trouble
originating in the players’ mental state; that was the only thing that
could be settled by none other than humans themselves... and for that
purpose, dozens of staff members should have been prepared.”
“GM...”

Kirito spoke with a sigh.

“Yui, in short, are you saying that you’re a gamemaster...? A staff
from Argus...?”

After spending several seconds in silence, Yui softly shook her
head.

“...When the developers of Cardinal entrusted even the care of
players to the system, they ran a trial of a certain program. Using a
feature unique to the Nerve Gear, it monitored the emotions of players
in detail, and appeared at the side of players found to have problems to
hear them out... «Mental Health - Counselling Program», MHCP version
1, codename, «Yui». That would be me.”
Asuna’s breath was taken away with how much of a shock it was.
She was unable to apprehend just what had been said right away.

face.

“Program...? Do you mean an AI...?”

She asked in a low voice. Yui gave a nod, a dejected smile on her

“So as to not discomfort players, I was given an emotion imitation
function. —It’s fake, all of it... even these tears... I’m sorry, Asuna-san...”
262


Morning Dew Girl

Large tears spilled from Yui’s eyes, becoming particles of light,
and dissipated. Asuna took a single, soft step towards Yui. She reached
out her hand, but Yui faintly shook her head. As if— she was
unqualified to receive Asuna’s embrace.

Still incapable of believing the situation, Asuna forced out her
words.

“But... But, losing your memories...? Can something like that
happen to an AI...?”
“...Two years ago... The day the official service started...”

Yui lowered her eyes, and continued her explanation.

“Although I am unaware of the complete details of what exactly
happened as well, Cardinal handed down an unplanned order to me. A
complete prohibition from interfering with all players... Unpermitted to
come into any tangible contact with them, I reluctantly continued with
nothing but the monitoring of the condition of the players’ mental
health.”
Asuna reacted reflexively; she guessed that «unplanned order»
was due to the manipulation done by the only GM of SAO, Kayaba
Akihiko. Yui, who was probably in the dark about him, moved her lips
once more, her face distorted in sorrow.

“That situation— was simply the worst... Practically all of the
players were taken over by negative emotions such as fear, despair and
rage most of the time; at times, there were even some that fell into
madness. I continued looking into the hearts of those people. Originally,
I would not have been able to stop myself from going straight up to
those players, listening to their stories and settling their problems...
but there was no means of coming into contact with them from my
263


Morning Dew Girl

position... With that contradiction of having the sense of duty, yet the
lack of authority to do so, I was gradually flooded with errors, and
broke down...”

At the bottom of the silent underground labyrinth, Yui’s delicate
voice rippled out, like a trembling thread of silver. Asuna and Kirito
could not help but listen attentively without uttering a single word.

“One day, when I did my usual monitoring, I noticed a pair with
mental parameters that differed largely from those of other players. I
had never encountered those brain patterns that I picked up until then.
Joy... peace... but not just those... Just what are these emotions; thinking
that, I continued to monitor those two. Mysterious desires sprouted
within me, as I pried into their conversations and actions. No such
routine should have existed, but... I wanted to get closer to those two...
in an intimate setting, I wanted to converse with them directly... With
the wish to be nearer, even the slightest bit more, I wandered about
daily, manifesting at the system console closest to the player home that
the couple lived in. I believe I must have been considerably broken
down at that point in time...”
“And that is, the forest of the twenty-second floor...?”

Yui gently nodded.

“Yes. Kirito-san, Asuna-san... I had always wanted... to meet with
the two of you... In that forest, the moment I saw the two of you... I felt
extremely happy... It was strange; it’s not possible that I could think of
something like that... I am nothing but a mere program...”

Overflowing with tears, Yui closed her mouth. Asuna was stricken
with indescribable feelings, grasping her hands tightly before her chest.
264


Morning Dew Girl

“Yui-chan... you are a true AI, aren’t you? So you possess actual
intelligence, don’t you...
As she said so in a whisper, Yui inclined her head slightly and
replied.

“I.. don’t understand... Just exactly, what had happened to me...”

At that moment, Kirito, who had kept his silence till then, took a
step forward.

“Yui is no longer a program operated by the system. Therefore,
you should be able to voice out your own wishes.”
And he spoke in a soft tone.

“What do you wish for, Yui?”
“I... I want...”

Yui stretched out her slender arms towards the couple strongly.
“To always be together... Papa... Mama...!”

Without even wiping away the tears flowing over her face, Asuna
rushed over to Yui, tightly holding onto her small frame.
“We will always be together, Yui-chan.”

Shortly after, Kirito too, wrapped his arms around Yui and Asuna.

“Aah... Yui is our child. Let’s go home. We’ll all live together...
forever...”

However— within Asuna’s breast, Yui softly shook her head.

“Eh...”

“It’s... too late...”

265


Morning Dew Girl

Kirito asked, bewildered.

“Why’s that... what’s too late...”

“The reason why I have regained my memories... is because I’ve
touched that stone.”

Yui looked towards the center of the room, pointing at the black
cube stored there with her small hand.
“When Asuna-san pushed me away into this safe zone earlier, I
touched that stone by coincidence, and understood. That is not just a
decorative object... It’s a console installed there in the case that a GM
requires urgent access.”

As though there was an order of some sort within Yui’s words,
several lines of light burst towards the black stone. Immediately, with a
fading beeping sound, a pale blue holo-keyboard rose to its surface.

“I believe that the boss monster from earlier was stationed here
to keep players away. I accessed the system using this console, and
eliminated the monster with the «Object Eraser» summon. At that time,
with Cardinal’s error correction ability, my damaged language faculty
was restored, but... at the same time, Cardinal also found out about me,
who was left alone until then. Right now, the core system is scanning
over my program. It will conclude with the answer that I am a foreign
entity, and I’ll most likely be erased. I already... do not have much time
left...”
“That... That is...”

“Can’t something be done about it? If we get away from this
place...”
266


Morning Dew Girl

Yui merely gave a wry smile towards the pair’s words. Tears
flowed down Yui’s white cheeks once again.
“Papa, Mama, thank you. This would be our farewell.”
“No way! I don’t want something like that!!”

Asuna desperately screamed.

“This is just the beginning!! From now on, happily, together with
everyone... living peacefully with each other...”

“In that darkness... During that long suffering where I did not
even know the end of, the existence of Papa and Mama was my only
solace.”

Yui looked straight at Asuna. Faint light began enveloping that
body.
“Yui, don’t go!!”

Kirito held on to Yui’s hand. Yui’s small fingers gently caught hold
of Kirito’s.
“When I’m with Papa and Mama, everyone is able to smile... I was
very happy for that. This is my request; that from now on too... in my
place... help everyone out... give them joy...”

Yui’s black hair and one-piece dress began disintegrating away
into transient dispersing particles of light, much like morning dew.
Yui’s smiling face slowly became transparent. Her presence faded away.
“No! I don’t want this!! If Yui-chan isn’t here, I won’t be able to
smile!!”

Covered in the expanding light, Yui smiled sweetly. She caressed
Asuna’s cheek with her hand, on the verge of disappearing.

267


Morning Dew Girl

—Mama, do smile...

As a weak voice reverberated in Asuna’s mind, an overwhelming
dazzling light scattered out; as that too faded, there was nothing within
Asuna’s arms.
“Uwaaaaaa!!”

Raising her voice uncontrollably, Asuna fell to her knees. Kneeling
atop the stone paving, she cried loudly like a child. The tears spilled
onto the ground, drop after drop, mixed together with the grains of
light left behind by Yui, vanishing away.

268


Morning Dew Girl

Chapter 4
As if the chill till yesterday was a lie, a warm, gentle breeze blew
over the lawn. Perhaps attracted by the merrymaking, several small
birds descended onto a branch of the garden tree, appearing to look
over the humans with great interest.

A garden party was hosted without care for the season at the vast
front yard of Sasha’s church, with the big table from the dining hall
moved and set there. Food was taken out from a large grill like magic,
raising a grand roar of joy from the children.

“To think that something this delicious... was actually in this
world...”

The chief executive of the «Army» who was rescued just the
previous night, Sinker, bit into the barbecue that Asuna had exhibited
her talents in, as he spoke with awe. Beside him, Yuriel looked over the
situation with a smile. She had the presence of a cool-headed female
warrior on first impression, but when she was beside Sinker, she
resembled nothing more than a cheerful young wife.
And as for Sinker, although there wasn’t much time to get a good
look at him yesterday, when sitting at the same table like this instead,
he had a character that gave off an aura of gentleness, very much
unlike what the top of a huge organization would be thought to be.
With a stature of a degree slightly taller than Asuna, he was
evidently shorter than Yuriel. His somewhat stocky body was clad in

269


Morning Dew Girl

plain clothes, and he did not have a single weapon on hand. Beside him,
Yuriel too, was not in her Army uniform style today.

Sinker accepted the wine bottle Kirito offered into his glass, and
apparently not for the first time, he gave a firm bow.

“Asuna-san, Kirito-san. We are truly obliged to you this time. Just
how can I thank you...”

all.”

“No, I’m quite indebted to «MMO Today» on the other side, after

Kirito answered as he smiled.
“That’s a nostalgic name.”

A broad smile showed on Sinker’s round face upon hearing that.

“At that time, with the burden that updating daily was, I thought
that I shouldn’t even bother doing a news site, but when compared to
being a guild leader, it certainly was slightly easier. I would have been
better off running a newspaper stand here too, huh.”
Gentle laughter streamed out from the table.

“And well... how did things go with the «Army»...?”

Asuna enquired, and Sinker changed his expression.

“Kibaou and his followers were expelled. I really should have
done that much earlier... With my personality of being bad at
arguments, the situation kept getting worse... —I even thought about
disbanding the Army.”
Asuna and Kirito rapidly opened their eyes in surprise.
“You... must have pondered over that for quite a bit.”

270


Morning Dew Girl

“The Army had become too huge... I’ll be breaking down the guild
and from that, creating a more peaceful organization for mutual aid
once again. Breaking it down and abandoning all of it is just
irresponsible after all.”
Yuriel softly held Sinker’s hand and continued in his stead.

“—We believe we will be distributing the assets that the Army
had accumulated thus far to not just the members, but equally among
all of the inhabitants of this city as well. We’ve caused such trouble up
till now after all... Sasha-san, we’re really sorry.”

Yuriel and Sinker suddenly gave a deep bow, causing Sasha’s eyes
to blink with surprise within her glasses. She frantically waved her
hands in front of her face.

“No, that’s too much. The children have received help from the
good folk from the Army in the field too, after all.”
With Sasha’s candid denial, the place was filled with gentle
laughter once more.
“Well, putting that aside...”

Tilting her head, Yuriel spoke.

“The girl from yesterday, Yui-chan... how has she been...?”

Asuna met glances with Kirito, and replied with a smile.
“Yui has... returned to her home...”

She softly moved the finger on her right hand to her breast. There,
a thin necklace, which had not been there till yesterday, gleamed. At
the tip of the exquisite silver chains, a pendant, of silver as well, hung
down, with a large clear gem shining within it. Brushing the teardrop271


Morning Dew Girl

shaped jewel gently, a slight warmth seemed to have spread to her
fingertips.
At that time—

After Yui was covered in light and vanished, beside Asuna, her
tears falling endlessly as she knelt on the stone paving, Kirito gave a
sudden shout.
“Cardinal!!”

Raising his moist face, Kirito gazed at the ceiling of the room and
screamed.
“Don’t you dare think that it’ll always... go as you like!!”

Firmly pulling himself together, he abruptly jumped at the black
console in the middle of the room. He dexterously struck at the holokeyboard still displayed. Her surprise pushing away her sorrow for just
an instant, Asuna cried out as she looked on in wonder.
“Ki-Kirito-kun... What are...!?”

“If it’s still... If it’s still now, I might be able to intrude into the
system with a GM account...”

Before Kirito’s eyes, continuing to hit the keys as he muttered, a
huge window appearance with a beep, and the radiance from the
strings of characters rapidly scrolling past illuminated the room. While
Asuna watched over him dumbfounded, Kirito entered in several more
commands in succession. A small progress bar window appeared, and
at the moment the horizontal bar reached all the way to the right
end—
272


Morning Dew Girl

The whole of the console made from the black rock suddenly
flashed bluish-white, and immediately following that, Kirito was sent
flying with an explosive sound.
“Ki-Kirito-kun!!”

Panicking, she inched up to him, fallen onto the floor.

Shaking his head as he pulled his upper body up, Kirito gave a
thin smile within his haggard expression; he faced towards Asuna and
extended his closed right hand. Not understanding what was going on,
Asuna followed suit, holding out her hand.

What had fallen from Kirito’s hand into Asuna’s was a large
crystal made in the shape of a tear. In the middle of the elaborately
faceted stone, thump, thump, a white light was blinking.
“Th-This is...?”

“...Before the root authorization activated by Yui was cut off, I
desperately tried to disconnect Yui’s program source from the system,
and converted it into an object... Within that, Yui’s heart is there...”
After having said just that, Kirito tumbled onto the ground, as
though he ran out of energy, and closed his eyes.
“Yui-chan... you’re... in there, huh... My... Yui-chan...”

Once again, her tears poured out endlessly. Within that blurred
light, as if to answer Asuna, from the center of the crystal, it twinkled
with a single strong thump.
They reluctantly waved towards Sasha, Yuriel, Sinker, and the
children, and the cool wind, infused with the scent of the forest,
greeted Asuna and Kirito as they returned to the twenty-second floor

273


Morning Dew Girl

from the teleport gate. Though it was a mere three day trip, it felt much
longer than that, and Asuna took a deep breath of air.
What a vast world—

Asuna thought about this mysterious floating world once more.
On each and every one of these countless layers, there were people
living on them, passing each day with tears and laughter. No, painful
events were likely to be more common for most of those people. But
still, everyone continued fighting their own battles day after day.
The place where I should be...

Asuna gazed over the path leading to their home, then looked up
at the base of the floor above.
—Let’s return to the frontlines, she suddenly thought.

In the near future, I cannot help but take up my sword once again
and return to my own battlefield. I do not know how much longer it
will take, but I will fight until this world is finished, to let everyone
show their true smiles once again. To grant happiness to everyone—
That was what Yui had wished for.
“Hey, Kirito-kun.”
“Hmm?”

“If the game is cleared and this world is gone, what will happen to
Yui-chan?”
“Aah... Well, it might be stretching the capacity a little. I’ve
converted her to a part of environmental data for the client program
and saved her into my Nerve Gear’s local memory. On the other side, it
might be quite difficult to unpack it as Yui... but it should be possible
somehow.”

274


Morning Dew Girl

“I see.”

Asuna turned her body about and hugged Kirito tightly.

“Well then, let’s be sure to meet up with Yui-chan again on the
other side. Our very first child.”
“Yeah. Definitely.”

Asuna looked down at the glittering crystal in between the
couple’s chests. Mama, do your best... She seemed to hear that faint
voice from deep in her ears.

(End)

275


Red-nosed Reindeer

Red-nosed Reindeer

276


Red-nosed Reindeer

Chapter 1
«Vorpal Strike» flashed through the darkness, and with its blood
colored light two giant insect monsters’ HP went to zero.

Confirming with my peripheral vision that the polygons had
scattered, I withdrew my sword just as I unfroze, and turned around to
block an attack from a big, sharp jaw. I then used the same «Sword
Skill» to finish it off; it made a Giii cry before tilting backwards and
dying.

This heavy single-handed attack skill first appeared in my list just
three days ago, when my «Single-handed Sword Skill» reached level
950, and it was surprisingly convenient. Even though the skill has such
a long cool-down player freeze period, its reach is double that of the
actual blade; and the fact that its power is comparable to a two-handed
heavy pole-arm is more than enough to make up for its shortcomings.
Of course, if used in battle against other players, they would read the
timing immediately. But the simple movements of the AI monsters
cannot counter it. You can simply spam it and blow away groups of
enemies with deep red light effects.

Having said that, after continuously battling for an hour under
this weak torch light, I did indeed feel my concentration waning. I can
no longer react and counter their big, biting jaws or acid mucus as well
as earlier. Though they attack in large numbers, these monsters are not
small-fry. This habitat is only three floors below the front line on the
49th floor, and these are very powerful monsters. Even though this is

277


Red-nosed Reindeer

within the safety margin when considering level differences, if a
massive swarm were to attack and surround me, my HP would quickly
go down to the yellow zone.

To brave these dangers and come to a floor that has already been
cleared, there could only be one reason. This place is the most efficient
way to earn experience points out of all the currently known training
locations. These giant ants that come from caves around the cliff here
have high attack power, but their HP and defense are both very low. As
long as you can continue to avoid their attacks, you can quickly take
down a lot of these monsters. But as mentioned earlier, once under
attack and surrounded, you may not even be able to hold your ground,
thereby leading to death, so this area cannot be seen as a suitable
training zone for solo players. Because this is such a popular place,
every party is only allowed one hour to hunt. I was the only solo player
there. Even now, there are familiar faces from various guilds lined up
at the valley entrance. There should be a row of bored expressions that
look as though they were stamped on. If it were just impatience, that
would be fine. But strongly team spirited players thought of me as the
“Strongest Idiot” or the “Anomic Beater” – but, of course I didn’t know
about that.
My left side timer display showed 57 minutes. I decided to finish
up after clearing the next wave of monsters. I took a big breath and
waited, in order to squeeze out every last bit of concentration.

As ants approached from both left and right, I faced towards the
one on the right, and threw a dagger to stop its movement before
killing the one on the left with the triple attack skill «Sharpnail». As I
turned around, I used «Vorpal Strike» to cut towards the big open jaws
of another ant. During my skill cool-down, I used the glove on my left
hand to wipe off the green acid that had hit me. With a jiyuu sound my

278


Red-nosed Reindeer

HP bar lowered, and then I kicked off the ground and jumped high. In
midair, I cut apart the weakest part of the ant’s belly and killed it. For
the last two, I used half of the longest chain skill I know, a six-hit chain,
to defeat them. Before the next set of ants appeared from their hives, I
suddenly dashed away.

After running the thirty meters of the ant valley in five seconds, I
rolled out of the small entrance before finally releasing my breath.
Gasping for fresh air, I wondered if this pain was just mental or if my
real body also stopped breathing. In any case, I felt my stomach cramp
up, and unable to bear this degree of nausea, I dropped like a rag onto
the frozen winter ground.

The sound of many footsteps reached my ears as I lay on the
ground. Even though these are people I know, I can’t even say hello to
them. Feebly waving my right hand to bid them onward, I then heard a
rough voice and a big sigh.

“My level and yours have already grown apart, so I won’t join in
the action today. Listen up. Don’t let the circle formation collapse, and
constantly be mindful of the people around you. Make sure that you
don’t act shy if you encounter anything dangerous, just shout to me for
help. And also, flee immediately when the queen comes out.”

After receiving their leader’s directive, six or seven people
answered with a “Yes!” or “Ho!”, and the rustling footsteps gradually
moved away. I breathed heavily a few times, and after finally getting
my breath under control, I propped myself up with my right hand and
leaned on a nearby tree.
“Catch!”

I gratefully caught the healing potion, flicked the cork open with
my thumb, and drank it greedily. Even though the taste carried a hint

279


Red-nosed Reindeer

of bitter lemon juice, I thought it was delicious. I tossed the empty
bottle to the ground, watched it emit a small red light as it disappeared,
and looked up.
Klein, who was the leader of the guild «Fuurinkazan» that I had
met at the beginning of this death game SAO, still wearing his vulgar
bandana, opened the mouth that was above his scruffy beard and said:

“Kirito, no matter how you put it, this is more than a little absurd.
Just when did you come here today?”
“Eh... around 8 p.m.”

After I replied in a hoarse voice, Klein showed an exaggerated
expression of dissatisfaction.

“Oi, oi, it’s already two in the morning, you’ve been here for six
hours. At this kind of dangerous training zone, if you use up your
strength it will be an instant death.”
“It’s fine. I can rest for up to two hours when waiting.”
“If nobody comes then you plan to keep on fighting!”

“That’s exactly why I chose this particular time to come. If I came
during the day then I might have to wait five or six hours.”

Klein mixed the sound of being flabbergasted with the phrase
“You idiot”. He then unhooked his katana from his waist, and sat down
heavily in front of me.
“...well, regarding your strength, from the first day of SAO I
understood it without a doubt... what’s your level at now?”

To be able to keep secret stats such as the level is a player’s
lifeline. To not ask is therefore an unspoken rule in SAO. But up till now
there’s been no reason to hide it from Klein, so I answered honestly.

280


Red-nosed Reindeer

“Today I got to level 69.”

The hand rubbing his chin stopped suddenly, and the eyes that
were half-covered by the bandana opened wide in shock.

“...hey, are you for real? Since when were you ten levels higher
than me – and, I don’t understand it. Lately your leveling speed has
been too unusual. You must have been training even during the time of
day when the training areas are sparsely populated with any players.
Why do you have to go this far? I don’t want to hear any of that......”for
clearing the game”. Even if you become stronger by yourself, the
clearing pace will still be determined by strong guilds like KoB.”
“Don’t mind me; I have become a level-aholic. Just getting
experience points makes me feel good.”

Seeing me say that with a shameful smile, Klein countered by
putting on a serious expression.

“Don’t joke around... even I know how exhausting it is to grind
like this. To play solo is incredibly taxing on the mind...even if your
level is approaching 70, to be alone in this area is definitely not safe.
You want to take risks, but you must have a limit too. What’s the point
of leveling in a place like this where you can die at any moment?

Fuurinkazan is a guild with a core of Klein’s friends from before
SAO. Its members are a gang that dislike unnecessary meddling and, its
leader, Klein, is no exception.

This guy is a good person, but for this kind of man to be
concerned to this extent about an anomic beater like me, I’m afraid it
might be because he must, for I can understand what his reason is. To
help Klein, who isn’t very good with words, I opened my mouth with a
smile.

281


Red-nosed Reindeer

“It’s fine, you don’t need to pretend to be worried anymore. You
want to know if my target is the Flag Mob, right?”
Flag Mob is set up to be a monster for quest completion. It will
spawn either once every few days or sometimes hours, but once in a
while a unit will spawn that is very close to the Boss Monster, so of
course its strength is no joke. Thus, to defeat it, players will usually
form parties as big as the ones with the Boss as the target.
Klein bluntly revealed a hard expression and rubbed his jaw.
“...I wasn’t particularly trying to find that out...”

“You don’t have to hide it anymore. The fact that you bought
information regarding my purchase of intelligence on the Christmas
Boss from Argo...this information I also bought from her.”
“Say what?!”

Klein opened his eyes wide and was speechless.

“That Argo... her nickname, Rat, is not just for show.”

“That girl would sell any information, even her own stats.
Anyways, we know that each other’s target is the Christmas Boss, and
I’ve already bought all the current information that can be acquired
from an NPC. So, you should know that I will earn experience points
like this indefinitely and no matter what kind of advice is given I will
not have a reason to stop.”
“Ah... my bad. That is something I would reject too.”

Klein removed his hand from his chin and scratched his head,
continuing.

“It’s 5 days until Christmas eve... every guild is the same, they all
want to increase their combat ability before the appearance of the Boss,
282


Red-nosed Reindeer

even if only a little. But in this kind of freezing night, idiots who lock
themselves up in training areas are rare. Fortunately, our guild has
almost ten people, we would have good chances even if our target was
the Boss. You know, since it’s a «Once a Year» big Flag Mob, this is not
something you can hunt alone.
“.......”

Unable to object, I looked down at the light brown, dry wild grass.

One year after SAO started, before the second Christmas, a rumor
began to spread throughout Aincrad. A month ago, NPCs on every floor
started to talk about the same quest.
It is said that during the Month of the Holly, that is, midnight on
December 24th, in some forest under the branches of a huge tree, the
legendary monster «Nicholas the Renegade» will appear. If you can
defeat it, you will get all the treasure from the big sack it carries on its
back.

Even for strong guilds that always only go after dungeons, this
time they showed big interest. They understand that treasure, money
and rare weapons will help a lot during Floor Boss fights. If we say that
this is the SAO system, which has thus far only taken things from
players, giving good-hearted Christmas presents, then how could
anyone not accept?

But a solo player like me had, at first, no interest in this rumor.
Without even Klein saying it, I already knew that this opponent was
not a match for a mere single player. And besides, with the money I get
from game-clearing, I could even buy a house if I wanted to. Most
importantly, I don’t want to, as a result of fighting the Flag Mob that
everybody wants to fight, become famous, and get unnecessary
attention.

283


Red-nosed Reindeer

But two weeks ago – my feelings made a sudden 180 degree turn
after hearing an NPC’s information. After that, I came to this popular
hunting ground every day, under the laughter of others, and leveled
like crazy.
Klein, who has been keeping quiet with me, said in a low voice:

“So it’s related to that information after all – The «Resurrection
Item».”
“...Ah.”

Now that the conversation has gone this far, there’s no need to
hide it anymore. After I calmly admitted it, I sighed numerous times
which I couldn’t keep track of, and squeezed out the words.

“I understand your feelings...I never thought there would actually
be such a dream item. «Nicholas’s bag contains a legendary item that
can bring the dead back to life.» ...but...like most people, I think that
was just a lie. Or rather than call it a lie, I mean it might be a left over
speech for NPCs for when SAO was just an ordinary VRMMO...that is,
originally, this item would have revived people without the conditions
of the «Death Penalty». But, the SAO now has no such thing. There is
only one penalty, and that is the player’s life. I don’t want to recall that
event, but this was said first day on the clearing by that Kayaba fellow.”

I recall the incident’s first day tutorial by Akihiko’s fake GM in
that clearing and what he said. A player whose HP becomes zero will
disappear from this server, never to return to their physical body.
I don’t feel that speech was a lie, but...even so...

“There’s nobody that can confirm, that the death in this world is
equivalent to the real thing.”
284


Red-nosed Reindeer

I said these words as if I meant to argue. Just then, Klein wrinkled
his nose and struck down my words:

“We’re going to die and return to the other side actually alive, and
Kayaba will face us and tell us «I lied» ? Stop it, this question was
resolved a year ago. If it’s this kind of sick joke, then just pull down all
the players’ Nerve Gear, and this incident will be over with. Since we
can’t do that, this death game is serious. When HP becomes zero, the
Nerve Gear will become a microwave oven and fry your brain. If it isn’t
that, then the people who were killed by those bastards or monsters,
who cried “I don’t want to die” as they disappeared, what did all of it
mean?”
“Shut up!”

Shouting loud enough to surprise myself, I interrupted Klein’s
speech.

“If you really think that I would not even understand this kind of
thing, then I have nothing to say to you... Indeed, Kayaba did say that
on the first day, but, a while back, even the leader of the game-clearers
on the front lines, the leader of KoB Heathcliff said this: as long as there
is even a one percent chance of saving the life of a comrade, then we
should do our best to pursue that chance, and those who cannot do this
don’t deserve to form any party. Even though I don’t like that man,
what he says is right. I’m currently pursuing that chance. Suppose that
those who die in this world have neither returned to the real world,
nor have truly died, and instead were transferred to some sort of
reserved area, waiting for the final outcome of this game. Then, we
have established a reason for the «Resurrection Item».”

285


Red-nosed Reindeer

With a long-windedness rarely seen of me, I put forth this
scenario that I only just created to support me. Klein put away his
anger, and instead looked at me with pity.
“Is that so?”

The sound he emitted just now was completely different from
before, very calm.
“Kirito...you still haven’t forgotten about it, huh, that your last
guild... And it’s nearly been half a year since then...”
I turned my head, and spat out words to defend myself.

“It should be said, how could I have forgotten after just half a
year...everybody died, except for me...”

“It was called «Black Cats of the Full Moon» right? They weren’t
even a game-clearing guild, yet still went to a place close to the front
lines, and in the end some thieves caused an alarm trap. That was not
your fault, and no one would blame you for that. Instead, you would be
praised for being able to survive.”

“It’s not like that...it was my fault. Whether it’s stopping them
from going to the front line, telling them to ignore the treasure, or
making sure everyone escaped as soon as the alarm went off; all of this
I should have been able to do.”

—If I didn’t hide my level of skill from my companions. The pain
that came from not telling Klein this truth was relentlessly biting my
chest. Before the katana-user said any words of comfort
uncharacteristic of him, I forced myself to finish the rest of my words:

“Indeed, there might not even be a one percent chance of it. But
whether it’s the probability of my finding the Christmas Boss, of

286


Red-nosed Reindeer

defeating it alone, of the Resurrection item existing, or of the dead’s
consciousnesses having been preserved...all of these like finding a grain
of sand in a desert. However...however, it is not zero. Since it’s not zero,
I have to put in my best effort. Moreover...Klein, there’s no way you
would give yourself this headache just for the money, right? So, you
will use it as a reason to do this just like me, right?”
In response to my question, Klein snorted, answering while
holding the sheath on the floor:

“I’m not the same as a dreamer like you. It’s just that...before, I
also had a friend who was eliminated. If I don’t do everything that I can
for him, then I won’t be able to sleep at night...”
Facing the Klein who had stood up, I gave a slight smile.
“So it’s the same.”

“It’s not the same. Our main objective is still the treasure, with
what we just talked about on the side......with only that group of people,
it would be bad if a giant ant comes out. I’ll go and check out the
situation.”
“Ah, ah.”

Slightly nodding my head, I closed my eyes and leaned deeply
against the trunk of the tree. The whispered words of the katana-user
floated over to me.

“And I worry about you. It’s not just to gather intelligence, you
moron. If you die by being brave in this kind of place, I certainly won’t
use the resurrection item on you!”

287


Red-nosed Reindeer

Chapter 2
“Thank you for your concern. Then we will respectfully accept it.
Please protect us until we reach the exit.”
This was the first sentence the leader of «Black Cats of the Full
Moon» guild, Keita spoke to me.

Five months had passed since the spring season’s dusk when the
death game called SAO began. In order to collect material for weapons,
I had ventured into the labyrinth ten levels below the current front line.
As a Beater, I had rushed headlong since the beginning, utilizing
my experience as a beta tester. Adopting a tough solo player approach,
had enabled me to earn experience points very efficiently. It reached a
point where I could even defeat monsters on the front line solo. As
such, hunting at the current level was so easy and relaxing that it
became a boring task. By avoiding other players, I was able to obtain
the complete set of required amount of materials in two hours. As I
was preparing to move toward the direction of the exit, I encountered
a party retreating, a huge group of monsters pursuing them.

As a solo player, I immediately had the opinion that the party was
totally unbalanced. Within the five player party, the only player who
could assume a forward role is a guy carrying a mace and shield. The
others were just a thief equipped with a dagger, a staff user carrying a
two handed-staff and two long spear users. However when the mace
user’s hit points were reduced drastically, there was no one else who
288


Red-nosed Reindeer

could substitute in. As a result, this type of party could only retreat
slowly.

To determine the status of everyone, I checked their hit points.
Apparently, it was more than sufficient for them to retreat safely to the
exit. However, that would no longer apply if they encountered another
group of monsters in the midst of retreating. After some slight
hesitation, I dashed out from the path I was hidden in and spoke to the
staff user who seemed to be the leader.
“Do you want me to assist with forward support?”

The staff user stared at me with his eyes wide open and nodded
his head after a moment of hesitation.

“Then, sorry for troubling you, but please retreat immediately if
there is any danger.”

I nodded my head in acknowledgement and pulled a sword off of
my back before shouting from behind the mace user to switch in. Thus,
I rushed into the monsters’ assault.

The enemies were a group of goblins which I had defeated in
numbers just a while back when hunting alone. These monsters could
be quickly defeated if I went all out with my sword skills. Even if I was
unable to defend against any of the attacks, I would be able to last for a
long time by depending on my «battle healing» skill to recover my hit
points. However, I was instantly concerned. Though I do not fear the
goblins, I was deeply concerned with the thoughts of those players
behind me.

In general, high-level players causing a big disturbance while
training in the lower levels was considered bad manners. If it persisted
for a period of time, the player would receive a harsh reprimand when

289


Red-nosed Reindeer

a request was made to a guild in the higher levels to resolve it. The
player would end up being reported in the newspaper’s list of players
with bad etiquette and were subjected to a number of punishments.
Though that should not be an issue as I considered it an emergency
situation, it made me concerned. If not handled properly, they would
have labelled me as a Beater instead of showing gratitude.

As such, I intentionally prolonged the time required to defeat the
group of goblins by limiting the usage of my sword skills. At that time, I
was still unaware that this decision of mine would lead to an
irreparable mistake.
The whole group of goblins was finally defeated after several
rounds of rotation with the mace user, who had been constantly
replenishing his hit points with medicine. I was startled when this
unknown party of five players started to cheer loudly. They were
mutually giving each other a high-five rejoicing in the victory.

Though feeling at a loss, I still put on an unaccustomed smile
while shaking everybody’s hands. The only female player in the party,
a black haired spear user held my hand last with both her hands while
repeatedly saying to me through her tears:
“Thank you...... Thank you so much. I was really afraid...... when
you came to our rescue, I was really happy. I truly appreciate your
help.”

Hearing such words while seeing the flowing tears, there was this
indescribable emotion flowing through my chest. I remembered at that
moment when I helped them, it felt very good that I was strong enough
to be able to do so.
290


Red-nosed Reindeer

Although I had been a solo player since the game began, this was
not my first time helping other parties on the front line. However in a
strategic party, it is a tacit understanding that we were supposed to
help each other on the battlefield. Since there would be a day when I
would need help in return, I would help others without expecting
anything in return. Further, those being helped would only give a brief
greetings in return. This was the best way to quickly handle the postbattle silence before the start of the next battle. That simple rational
exists as a way to continuously and efficiently strengthen oneself.

However, they – the «Black Cats of the Full Moon» were different.
The whole party was overcome with great joy just from a round of
victory in battle, and were complementing each other’s efforts. It
seemed like the victorious trumpet sound part at the end of a standalone RPG game when I proposed to accompany them to the exit. That
was probably influenced by the family-like atmosphere they had
among themselves. To describe it further, I felt that it was in fact they
who were finishing this mad game called SAO.
“I am also a little concerned about the remaining amount of
recovery medicine I have...... If you don’t mind, let’s head toward the
exit together.”

Keita nodded while expressing a huge laughter toward my lies.
“Thank you so much for your concern.”

No, when I finally started to realize that it was just me who had
felt that it was a refreshing experience, it had been six months after the
disappearance of «Black Cats of the Full Moon». As someone who had
adopted the policy of being a solo player to accumulate strength,
protecting someone much weaker than myself gave of a pleasant
feeling similar to being depended upon. That is just how it was.

291


Red-nosed Reindeer

While in the main passage area after leaving the labyrinth, I had
agreed to Keita’s invitation to an ale house, their treat. As such, we
were toasting in celebration with red wine they would consider
expensive. When my self-introduction ended, Keita hesitantly asked
about my current level in a whisper after the mood had calmed down.
I had more or less predicted this question would be asked. As
such, I had thought of an appropriate fake number a while back. The
number I told them was in fact about three levels higher than their
average level...... but, it was actually twenty levels lower than my true
level.
“Huh! You can solo at this place with your current level?”

My sour expression when I replied to Keita surprised him.

“There is no need to speak in such a manner...... even if being solo,
but basically I only select isolated enemies to attack while avoiding
detection. However in terms of efficiency, it is not very high.”

“Oh...... Indeed, then…... Although this is rather sudden....... But I
think some guilds will invite you to join them very soon...... If you are
willing, would you like to join our guild?”
“Huh......?”

Facing me who was unsure how to respond, Keita’s face which
was totally red, got more excited as he spoke.

“Look, based on our current level, we can safely train in the
labyrinth we were previously in. As for the skills to move higher...... you
would be well aware of our current circumstances. The only person
who can assume the position of a forward is Tetsuo. No matter what,
his recovery was unable to match the rate of deterioration. As such, the
battle conditions will only get worse. If we have another companion to

292


Red-nosed Reindeer

join us, things would have been much easier. Further...... Sachi, come
here for a moment.”

Keita raised his hand and called aloud to the black haired spear
user. The petite girl called Sachi came over while holding a glass of red
wine and shyly nodded at me. Keita placed his hand on Sachi’s head
before continuing and said:

“This girl’s primary skill as you can see, is using a two-handed
long spear. But her skill is relatively low compared our other long
spear user. Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity to convert
her to a shield and sword user. It’s just that we never had the
opportunity to practice before this. Furthermore, we are also not
familiar with one-handed swords. If you are willing, will you be her
coach?”
“What’s this! Treating me like a little kid!”

Sachi raised her cheek and stuck out her tongue slightly while
smiling and said:

“This is because I have always been responsible for attacking the
enemies from a distance. If you suddenly needed me to move forward
and engage the enemy in close quarter combat, I would be afraid.”

“It will be fine as long as you take cover behind the shield. How
many times do I need to repeat myself before you will understand......
seriously. You have been too easily frightened since long ago.”

I was only aware of the front lines of SAO where there were full of
killings. No, in my opinion all players competed for resources in an
MMORPG. As such, their interactions were both interesting and
fascinating. When Keita noticed I was looking at him, he shyly smiled
and said:

293


Red-nosed Reindeer

294


Red-nosed Reindeer

“Ah....... Our guild members are actually computer research club
members from the same high school in the real world. In fact, she lives
very close to me…... Ah, please don’t be concerned since everyone here
is very nice. You will definitely be able to get close with the others very
quickly.”

Everyone in that group, Keita included, were decent people. That
was something I already knew since I spent the return journey from
the labyrinth with them. I felt guilty for deceiving that group of people
when I forced a smile and nodded.
“Then...... Please allow me to join you all. Also, please offer me
your guidance.”

With a second forward, the Black Cats’ Party Balance improved
drastically.

No, if any of them were showing any doubt, they would find that
my HP wouldn’t drop for some strange reason. However, these kind
friends of all believed me because of what I said, that I made this coat
from some rare materials—and this wasn’t a lie—and they never
doubted me.

During a party battle, I was only in charge of defense, and to let
the members behind me deal with the enemies and gain experience
points. Keita and the rest quickly leveled up, and after I joined in for a
week, we were training at a main hunting ground that was a level
higher.

We sat around in a safe zone within the dungeon. Keita was
eating a bento Sachi made as he excitedly told me his dream,

295


Red-nosed Reindeer

“Of course, our allies’ safety is of the most important. But…if, if we
only wanted safety, we just needed to lock ourselves in the city right
from the beginning. Since we’re training and increasing our levels like
this, we hope to at least be on the clearing group. Even though the front
lines are far away from us, we can only leave it to elite guilds like the
Knights of the Blood or the Divine Dragons Alliance to conquer
them…eh, Kirito, what’s the difference between them and us?”

“Eh…un, information. Those guys have information on which
areas were the most effective in training, how to get the strongest
weapons in the game and so on.”

That’s the reason why I was in the attack squad, but Keita didn’t
seem to be happy about this answer.

“This…is obviously a reason. But I feel that it was willpower.
Their desire to protect their friends, all the players are strong. It’s
because of this power that they were able to win in dangerous boss
battles. We’re the ones being protected, but our feelings won’t lose to
them. So…I feel that if we continue to work hard like this, we can catch
up.”
“Really…you’re right.”

Though I said that, I felt that it wasn’t some amazing reason like
that. The reason why the clearing groups had their motivation was that
they always had a top swordsman who stood above thousands of
players. The proof was that if they aimed to clear SAO just to protect
players, those elite players should have provided all the information
and equipment they got to the mid-level players. Then they could have
improved every player’s level, and the number of people who joined
the clearing groups would increase.
296


Red-nosed Reindeer

The reason why they did that was because they hoped to be the
strongest. Of course, I was the same as well. At that time, I would sneak
out of our rest place and go to the front lines to continue leveling
myself up. This act continued to pull my difference in level from the
members of the Black Cats. Even though I knew the outcome, I
continued to betray them.

But at that moment, I more or less believed that if the level of the
Black Cats increased, we would be able to fight in the front lines. At
that point, I thought that Keita’s ideals may change the closed nature of
the clearing groups.

In fact, the Black Cats were improving at what could be said to be
an abnormally fast rate. The training area which we were using was a
place I used to clear as part of the front lines. I knew all about that
place, whether it was the danger spots or the effective spots. I
continued to guide them like it was nothing, continued to come up with
the most efficient plans, causing the average level of the Black Cats
guild to greatly surpass that of the mainstream players. When I joined,
we were still ten levels away from the front line, but this gap quickly
became five. We continued to gain momentum and col, and it was even
likely that we would soon have enough to buy a guild home.

However, there was one problem. Sachi’s shield swordsman’s
transformation couldn’t continue on.

But that couldn’t be helped. When facing against savage monsters
at close distance, what’s more important than the value in levels was
the courage to endure the fear and fight on until the end. Soon after
SAO started, many players died because they panicked and sank into
297


Red-nosed Reindeer

chaos. If I had to really say it, Sachi was really a quiet coward who
didn’t look like she could take the role of a forward.

I felt that there was no need for Sachi to change types because I
had the status that far exceeded that required to be a shield. However,
the other members didn’t feel that way. Or rather, they seemed to be
rather apologetic that I had to be the one being the forward, which
would be extremely taxing. Even though she didn’t say it because the
morale within the group was good, Sachi felt that the pressure was
becoming greater.
At one night, Sachi suddenly disappeared from the rest place.

Everyone thought that the reason why they couldn’t identify her
location from the guild member list was because she was alone in a
dungeon. This made the members under Keita panic, and they
immediately went out to look.

However, I was the only one to insist on searching outside the
dungeon. The apparent reason was that there were several spots that
couldn’t be tracked down. But in fact, I already had the high-level skill
‘Trace’ that could allow me to search for opposing enemies. Of course, I
couldn’t explain this to my allies.
As Keita and the rest ran to the dungeon in that level, I went to
Sachi’s room, activated the trace function, and followed the light green
footsteps that appeared.

The small footprints went in a way everyone, including me, didn’t
expect at all. She disappeared at a drain that was somewhat far from
the main street. I tilted my head and walked in, and saw that in a
corner in the darkness where the water droplets could be here, Sachi
was squatting down with a mantle that she just got, one with an
invisibility function.

298


Red-nosed Reindeer

“…Sachi.”

Once I said that, she shook her shoulder length black hair and
looked up, muttering in surprise,
“Kirito…how did you know that I was here?”

I hesitated about how to answer it, and finally said.
“Instinct.”

“…I see.”

Sachi smiled and again put her face into the knees she was
hugging. I tried my best to think of words, and said something that
lacked creativity,

“…Everyone’s worried about you. They even sent people to the
dungeon to look for you. Hurry up and go back.”

This time, it became a long silence. After a minute or two, I
wanted to say the same thing again, but this time, Sachi’s weak voice
came while she lowered her head,
“Hey, Kirito, let’s run away.”

I asked instinctively,

“Run away…from where?”

“From this town, everyone at the Black Cats, monsters…from SAO.”

I wasn’t so familiar with girls—or even humans such that I could
answer this immediately. After thinking about it for a long time, I
timidly asked,
“Do you…have an intention of committing suicide together?”
After a short silence, Sachi smiled.

299


Red-nosed Reindeer

“Fufu…yeah, that should be okay…no, sorry. I lied. If I had the
courage to commit suicide, I wouldn’t have hid inside the town…don’t
stand around. Sit down too.”

I didn’t know what to do, so I sat down slightly beside Sachi on
the stone floor. From the semi-circle exit of the drain, I could see the
town lights that were as small as the stars.

“…I’m scared of death. Because I’m scared, I practically couldn’t
sleep during this time.”
Finally, Sachi muttered.

“Why did such a thing happen? Why couldn’t we leave the game?
Why is it that we could die even if it is only a game? What could that
Kayaba get by doing this? What’s the meaning in this…”

Actually, I could make an answer to each of the five questions. But
even I knew that Sachi wasn’t looking for that sort of answer. I tried my
best to think and said,

“Most likely, there’s no meaning…and nobody could benefit from
it. The moment the world became like this, everyone lost the most
precious thing to them.”

I endured my tears as I told a huge lie to the girl. That’s because I
lied to myself to get stronger, and felt the satisfaction of this secret
when I entered the Black Cats gang. In that sense, I obviously got my
benefit.

At that time, I should have told everything to Sachi. If I had even a
teeny-weeny bit of sincerity, I should have revealed my ugly ego out. In
that case, Sachi may have some stress taken from her, and she may
even feel somewhat relaxed.
300


Red-nosed Reindeer

However, what I could only say was a lie to steel myself more.
“…You won’t die.”

“Why do you say that?”

“…Even in our current state, the Black Cats are still a strong guild.
We have achieved a safe margin too. If you stay in that guild, you can
continue to live on safely. Also, you don’t really need to change into a
swordsman.”

Sachi lifted her head and showed me a reliant expression.
However, I couldn’t look straight into those eyes and lowered my head.
“…Really? I can live on until the end? Back to reality?”

“Ahh…you won’t die. You’ll live until the day when the game is
cleared.”

Those were words that weren’t convincing and had no weight in
them. Even so, Sachi leaned over to me, brought her face over to my left
shoulder and cried for a while.

After a while, I sent a message to Keita and company and brought
Sachi back to our hotel. Sachi went back to her room to rest, and I
waited at the first level at the bar for Keita and the rest to return. I told
them a few things—Sachi needed a much longer time to become a
swordsman, and if possible, she should continue to be a lancer. Also, I
could continue to be the forward.

Keita and the rest were wondering what happened between Sachi
and me, but they happily agreed to my proposal. I heaved a sigh of
relief, but this wouldn’t settle the real problem.
301


Red-nosed Reindeer

From the next night on, Sachi would come over to sleep in my
room. She said that if she continued to be with me and hear that she
wouldn’t die, she would be able to sleep peacefully. Now I definitely
couldn’t sneak out at night to earn experience. Even so, it didn’t mean
that my guilt of lying to Sachi and the rest disappeared.

For some reason, that memory was as compressed as a snowball,
so I couldn’t remember much. One thing I was certain of though was
that Sachi and I didn’t have a romantic relationship. We never slept in
the same bed together, never cuddled with each other, talk about love
or even look at each other.

Our relationship was more likely stray cats that were licking each
other’s wounds. Sachi would forget about her fear a bit because of my
words, and I would rely on her to forget the guilt that I was a beater.
That’s right—It was because I neglected Sachi’s troubles that I
found out this element of the SAO incident for the first time. Before
that, I probably never felt the real terror of this SAO that had evolved
into a death game. I systematically beat the low-leveled monsters I
beat during the beta test, continued to level up and maintained in this
safety margin. I wasn’t the Paladin Heathcliff, but in my memory, my
life had never dropped into the danger zone.

I relied on the vast resources I got easily. Once I knew—that there
were many players who were scared of death like this, I finally found a
way to remove my guilt. Of course, that method was to continue
protecting Sachi and the Black Cats.
For my own satisfaction, I forgot that I hid my level before
entering the guild, forgot the memory that I ended up being the one
protecting them, grooming them to be a top-notch guild. Every night, I
would be at the bedside, comforting Sachi who was curled up in

302


Red-nosed Reindeer

anxiety, saying to her ‘you won’t die, you won’t die, you’ll live on’ like a
mantra. Every time I say that, Sachi will show a smile somewhat under
the blanket, stare at me and enter a light sleep.

However, Sachi still died in the end.

Less than a month after that night in the drain, she was hacked to
death by a monster in front of me, and her body and soul were all
scattered.

That day, Keita wanted to buy a little house as our guild home,
brought the sum of money we finally gained and went to meet with the
players who dealt with property. Sachi, I and the other three members
were laughing as we were looking at the guild member common items
column which had no items as we waited for Keita to return back. But
after a while, the mace-user Tetsuo said,
“Let’s head to the dungeon before Keita comes back, arrange the
function and scare that guy.”

The five of us entered the dungeon which we never went to
before, the one which was just below the 3 levels the frontlines were at.
Of course, I fought in that place before, and I knew that it was a place
that was easy to earn money but had lots of traps. However, I didn’t tell
them that.
In the dungeon, the levels were within the safe area, so our
hunting was proceeding smoothly. After an hour, we earned the
targeted amount of money, and just when everyone was ready to head
back and buy things, the member who was the thief discovered a
treasure chest.

303


Red-nosed Reindeer

At that time, I was vocal about ignoring it. But once I was asked
the reason, I couldn’t say that the trap difficulty was up a level from
this level on, and I could only stutter and emphasize that it looked
dangerous.

The alarm trap sounded loudly, and the monsters swarmed into
the room like a tidal wave. Immediately recognizing that the situation
was dangerous, I immediately called for everyone to use the
emergency escape crystal to get away. However, that place was
designated as a place where the crystal would be ineffective—at that
time, everyone, including me, ended up in either light or heavy panic.

The first one to die was the thief who activated the alarm. Then, it
was mace-user Tetsuo, and the male lancer died behind him.

Panicking, I continued to swing the high-level sword skills I hid
and killed waves after waves of monsters. But there were too many,
and I didn’t have a chance to destroy the treasure chest that continued
to ring.

As Sachi’s HP disappeared completely after being surrounded by
the monster mob, she reached her right hand out to me as if she
wanted to say something. Those widened eyes still showed the glow
that she trusted me, just like every single night, until it was all
heartbreaking.

I couldn’t remember how I survived. As I recovered, the mob of
monsters and the 4 allies of mine weren’t in that room. But even in that
situation, my HP bar dropped to about half.
Unable to think, I blankly returned back to the hotel.

304


Red-nosed Reindeer

Keita, who placed the brand new guild home key on the table and
was waiting for us to come back, listened to me—how the 4 of them
died, how I survived, and stared at me without expression. He said
something like how beaters like me didn’t have a right to join them.

He ran out of the town in Aincrad, and then jumped over the fence
without hesitation as I followed him from behind, into the endless void.
What Keita said was the truth. It couldn’t be debated. It was my
arrogance that killed 4 members of the Black Cats of the Full Moon—
no, 5. If they never met me, they would have continued to remain in the
safe middle zone, and they wouldn’t trigger what was a trap.
To survive in SAO, what we needed wasn’t reflexes or numerical
value in levels, but ample information. I increased their levels with
high efficiency but didn’t tell them information. That was a tragedy I
caused with my own two hands, and I personally killed Sachi who I
swore to protect.

Whether she wanted to curse viciously at her final moment, I had
to endure it. The reason why I continued to look for that rumored
revival item was just to listen to those words.

305


Red-nosed Reindeer

Chapter 3
During the four days remaining until Christmas, my level went up
once more, to 70.
During this time, I did not sleep at all. This would be the price.
Sometimes I get these piercing headaches, as if I was being struck by
nails, but I think that even if I were to lie down, I wouldn’t be able to
fall asleep.

Since that encounter, Klein’s guild Fuurinkazan has never been to
the ant’s valley again. I continued to mix in line with the other guilds,
hunting the mechanical ants alone. The expressions of those players
who saw my eyes had also finally turned from ridicule to disgust.
Although sometimes there are still players that respond to me, as soon
as anyone met with my line of sight, the face would immediately turn
away from me.

Among the group of players whose target was the Christmas gift,
the biggest question was where exactly was the giant fir tree that
«Nicholas the Renegade» would appear under—regarding this
question, I took advantage of the wait time in the ant valley, and
obtained a very likely answer.

I had gone to the coordinates that I bought from various
intelligence businesses, but even though the exteriors appeared to be
Christmas trees, they were in fact not fir trees, but pine trees. The
needles on pine trees are not the same. The front end of fir leaves has a
306


Red-nosed Reindeer

thin and elongated oval shape. Because in the real world I have these
two types of trees in my back yard, I know this.

A few months ago, I was on the thirty-fifth floor’s training area
where there was a random transfer dungeon called the “Lost Forest”,
and in a particular corner I found a giant curved tree. I thought that
there had to be some hidden meaning to the shape, possibly the
starting point of some unknown task and so carefully investigated, but
nothing was found. In retrospect, that giant tree was a fir tree. On
Christmas – that is, tonight, special Mob «Nicholas the Renegade»
should appear there under the tree.

I listened to the calling sound that indicated I was now up a level
to 70 without any feeling, and after the ant mob around me was dealt
with, I took out from my bag a teleport crystal. Without greeting the
players currently in line, I went straight to the frontline floor where I
was lodging, to the main street area of the forty-ninth floor.

I raised my head to look at the transfer gate plaza’s clock tower,
to see that it was three hours away from midnight. Probably because
they wanted to spend Christmas Eve together, around the square was
full of players in couples. I quickly crossed them to go back to the hotel.
Charging into my hotel room, I immediately opened the storage
box installed in the room, taking from the item window that popped up
all the restoration, detoxification crystals and potions and the like.
Although these alone could count up a hefty balance sheet, I would not
pity it even if all of them were used up.
As soon as I took out a single-handed sword from my collection,
confirmed its durability, I took off the sword on my back that I used to
fight the ants and exchanged it. Then I also exchanged my leather coat
and armor and everything else for new items. When I had finished, I

307


Red-nosed Reindeer

was about to close the window when I saw my inventory and stopped
my hand.
There, in addition to the «Self» written there, my own inventory
page, was another label that read the name «Sachi».

This is the result of a very good relationship between two players,
but one which has not progressed to «Marriage» —such players set
their own common items window. This is different from the way that
all items in marriage are shared in that only items in this separate
window are shared.
Sachi, who had never asked for a confession or to hold hands
previously, requested shortly before her death to set up this window.
When I asked for the reason, she gave an answer that was difficult to
accept, that it was for easily exchanging healing potions and similar
items—if this was the purpose, there was clearly already a guild open
that could be used for that. But I nonetheless agreed, and set up this
window to share only between Sachi and me.

Though Sachi died, this window still remained. Of course, the
friend list would also still retain Sachi’s name, but it would be a grey
that could not be contacted. And the few remaining healing potions left
in the shared inventory, these would also not be used. After half a year,
even with the guild page deleted without feeling, I was unable to
remove the label of Sachi’s name. Of course—the reason was not that I
believed she could be resurrected—I just couldn’t forgive the self that
would have been able to feel better after having deleted her name.
I only recovered and closed the window after looking at Sachi’s
name for ten minutes. It was two hours until midnight.

As I walked out of the room and towards the direction of the
transfer gate, I kept thinking about that expression on Sachi’s face in

308


Red-nosed Reindeer

her final moment, what she was thinking, and, what exactly she wanted
to say.
Transferring to the gate on the thirty-fifth floor, I came to a
completely different square from that of the frontline, one that was
very quiet. Maybe because there was still some distance from here to
the main battlefield of intermediate players, the main street area was
simply not worth strolling through. But still, I pulled up my coat’s
collar to avoid the eyes of several players in the area, quickly leaving
the street.

Unwilling to spend time fighting against the small fries, I started
running after checking that no one was chasing after me from behind.
With the level I managed to gain during the past one month, my agility
went up a lot, and my feet that stepped on the snow were as light as
feathers. The aching pain that came from the temple never disappeared,
but it caused my mind to be unable to sleep at all.
After about 10 minutes of running, I arrived at the entrance of the
forest maze. This field dungeon was segregated by numerous 4-sided
polygons, and as the areas were connected to each other, it could be
said to be impossible to break through if there’s no map.

After opening the map, I stared at the marked areas and went into.
After memorizing the path in my mind, I went alone into that silent
forest.

After two battles that I couldn’t avoid, I entered the area in front
of all the trees that covered the target without any difficulty. There was
still more than 30 minutes.
Then, I would be fighting against this boss monster alone that
would likely take my life—a high chance at that. I couldn’t feel any fear

309


Red-nosed Reindeer

inside. Or rather, maybe that’s what I was expecting. To die in battle to
revive Sachi may be the only way I could accept death—
I didn’t want to say something heroic like I’m looking for my
resting place. I caused Sachi and the other four allies to die
meaninglessly, and I have no right to look for a significance in dying.
What’s the point of doing this? Sachi once asked me. And I
answered her, there was none.

Right now, I could finally turn those words into reality. Sachi died
meaninglessly in this meaningless death game SAO that the insane
genius Kayaba Akihito created. With that, I’ll die in a place no one
would notice, not remembered by anyone, and to die meaninglessly
like that.

If, I beat that boss and survive, that revival item would turn from
rumor to reality. That was what I thought. Sachi’s soul would return
from the Death Road or the River Styx, and then I can finally hear her
last words. Finally—just finally, let me wait for this moment…

Just when I was ready to step forward and finish walking the last
few meters, several players appeared from the warp point behind me. I
jumped back in shock as I held the hilt of my sword behind me.
What appeared was a group of 10 people, and standing right in
front was a samurai guy in light armor, a katana on his waist, and a
headscarf—Klein.

The main members of the Fuurinkazan guild each looked nervous
as they moved closer to me from the warp point behind them. I
continued to look at Klein’s face and squeeze out a hoarse voice.
“…Were you following me?”

310


Red-nosed Reindeer

Klein grabbed the hair that was made straight by the bandana and
nodded.
“Yeah. We have someone with good tracking skill.”
“Why me?”

“Because I bought the information that you bought all the tree
coordinates, and for safety measure, I went to look at the sentry gate at
the 49th level, but found that you were moving towards the level
where there was no information on. I felt that your battle ability and
gaming instincts were really strong, stronger than the clearing
group…even more than that Heathcliff. So…Kirito, you can’t die at a
place like this.”
Klein reached out his right hand, pointed his finger at me and
shouted,

“GIVE UP ON THAT RECKLESS SOLO ATTACK AND PARTY WITH
US! LET THE PERSON WHO GETS THE REVIVAL ITEM DROP KEEP IT,
OKAY!?”
“…In that case…”

I couldn’t believe that Klein said that to me because he viewed me
as a friend, that he was worried about me.
“In that case, it’s meaningless…I have to attack alone…”

I wielded my sword hilt tightly, and my mind was burning crazily
and somewhat unconsciously thought.
—Let’s just kill everyone.

In the past, when the death game started, I abandoned Klein, this
beginner who didn’t know anything, and went on to the next town. I
311


Red-nosed Reindeer

regretted over this for a long time, and was relieved that Klein was able
to live on in such a fine fashion.
At that time, I was seriously wondering, do I have to achieve my
aim even if I had to slay one of my few friends and fall as a red player?
My heart was weakly screaming that this was meaningless. However,
the other side was giving a voice, hoping that I would die
meaninglessly, but was roared back in an overwhelming fashion.

I really believed that if I drew my sword slightly then, I wouldn’t
be able to stop myself from that moment on. And Klein was looking at
me sadly while my right hand trembled and continued to struggle.
At that moment, a 3rd group of intruders arrived.

Also, this group wasn’t just 10, but about 3 times the party. I
stared at that large party blankly and muttered to Klein, who turned
back in a similarly shocked manner,
“Seemed like you guys were followed too, Klein.”
“…Ahh, looks that way…”

At the boundary that looked like it was 50m away, there were
people I recently saw at the anthill, staring wordlessly at Fuurinkazan
and me. The Fuurinkazan swordsman that was standing beside Klein
leaned beside the leader’s face and whispered,
“Those guys are the «Divine Dragons Alliance», a group of guys
who can become orange just to attack the flag boss.”

I heard that name often too. Their name was as famous as the
Knights of the Blood, the largest guild amongst the clearing group.
Those guys should each be below me in level, but I had no belief in
beating that many people.

312


Red-nosed Reindeer

But—perhaps the outcome should be the same.

Suddenly, I felt that whether I was killed by a boss monster or a
guild, it would all be meaninglessly. But then again, at least it would be
a better choice than fighting with Klein, right?

I decided to draw my sword from my back. I was lazy to even
think. I just needed to be like a robot and focus on swinging my sword,
destroy everything in front of me until I break down.
However, Klein’s shout caused my hand to stop.
“DAMN IT! THOSE BASTARDS!”

The katana user drew out the weapon at his waist faster than I
could and growled at me from behind.

“Get over there, Kirito! Leave this to me! Go beat the boss! I won’t
allow you to die though! I won’t forgive you if you dare to die in front
of me! Never!”
“…”

There wasn’t much time left. I turned my back on Klein and
entered the last warp point without saying thanks.
The large fir trees, the location where I memorized, and the
curves of the memories, they were all standing there silently. There
didn’t seem to be any other 4-sided areas of trees as the landscape was
glowing with pure white snow, and it looked like a barren land with all
life extinguished.

As the timer in the corner of my eye reached zero, an alarm
sounded from somewhere, and I lifted my head and looked over at the
treetop.

313


Red-nosed Reindeer

The pitch-black night sky, or rather, with the base of the upper
level as background, those lines of light continued to reach over.
Looking at them closely, I found that it was a strangely-shaped monster
dragging a giant sled.
As it reached the top of the trees, a black shadow flew down from
the sled, and I took a few steps back.

What landed hard and scattered the snow was a monster that was
3 times my size. He still appeared to be human, but his arms were
extremely long, and because his body was bent forward, those arms
almost touched the ground. The small red eyes were glowing under the
abnormal bulge on the forehead of the shadow. The lower half of the
face was full of curly grey beard, and the length even reached the waist.

Strangely, this monster was wearing a red and white shirt, a coneshaped hat that was of the same color, wielding an axe with the right
hand, and a large bag full of things on the left hand. The designer who
designed this guy probably wanted to let a large group of players to be
scared yet amused once they see this ridiculous ugly version of a boss
Santa Claus. But to me, who’s facing this «Nicholas the Renegade» solo,
the appearance of the boss wasn’t important.
Nicholas may be starting to say the lines for this mission as he got
ready to move his tangled beard.
“Shut up!”

As I muttered this, I drew my sword, and my right foot kicked
hard into the thick layer of snow.

314


Red-nosed Reindeer

Chapter 4
It has been more than a year since I started playing SAO, but this
was the first time my HP bar had entered the red zone.

After the defeated target’s polygon shattered, it left only a sack
behind. There wasn’t a single restoration crystal left in my inventory, I
had never come this close to death before. Even though I survived,
there was no happiness or comfort in my heart. Instead, I felt an
emotion closer to disappointment. Why did I survive?

As I returned my sword back to its scabbard, the sack glowed and
then disappeared. All the items that were dropped by the target should
have registered in my inventory. Taking a deep breathe, I raised my
trembling hand and called up the inventory window.
The inventory window has many tabs with names that would
irritate most players. Weapons & Armor, Jewels/Ores, Crystals, and
even Food Ingredients, I scrolled through the window filled with item
tabs to find a single item.

A few seconds later, the item that I was searching for entered my
line of sight.
It was called «Divine Stone of Returning Soul».

My heart started to beat frantically, it felt as though blood had
just started flowing through the part of the heart that was numbed for
the past several days- several months.
315


Red-nosed Reindeer

Ca.... Can I revive Sachi? If this can be done, wouldn’t it mean that,
Keita, Tetsuo, and the souls of every player who lost their life in SAO
since the beginning haven’t been destroyed...?

This may be my only chance to see Sachi again. Just thinking of
that made my heart skip a beat. No matter what curses or swears that
might be thrown at me or any consequences that might befall because
of my lies, this time I would hug her tightly with both my arms and
look into the pair of black coloured eyes and say words from the
bottom of my heart. It is not that you will never die, but it is me who is
going protect you. To fulfil that promise, I will work hard to make
myself stronger.

After several failed attempts to select the stone from the window
due to my trembling hands, I finally managed to materialize the
«Divine Stone of Returning Soul». Floating above the inventory
window is a rainbow-coloured jewel stone around the size of an egg
with such beauty that was unable to be put into words.
“Sachi.......Sachi.....”

Calling out her name, I tapped the jewel stone, then clicked on the
help menu by the window, simple instructions appeared on the panel
in a familiar font style.
[The item can be used on the player’s shortcut menu or holding
the materialized item and shouting «Revive .. Player Name», the effect
will only work and revive the fallen player during the time frame
between death of the player to the disappearance of item’s effect light.
(approximately 10 seconds)]
316


Red-nosed Reindeer

Approximately 10 seconds.

This phrase that seemed as if it was added intentionally, clearly
and cruelly announcing that Sachi will never be revived.

Approximately 10 seconds. This is from the time when a player’s
HP falls to zero, and the body shattering into polygons, to Nerve Gear
sending out electrical signals to fry the player’s brain in the real world.
I cannot help but imagine how Sachi must have felt during the short
span of 10 seconds, from her body disappearing till her Nerve Gear
frying its owner’s brain. It must have been extremely painful for her. In
this span of 10 seconds, what was she thinking? I cursed myself
repeatedly.....
“Ugg..Ahhhhhh. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...”
I let out an animal-like scream.

Grabbing the Divine Stone of Returning Soul that was floating
above the inventory tab, I threw it with all my might onto the snowy
ground.
“Ahh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

I stamped on the crystal furiously with my shoe while screaming.
However, the crystal continued to glow steadily without being affect
from the stamping, there was not even a single scratch, much less a
crack on it. I screamed with all my might, shoved both my hand into the
ground and using my fingers I grabbed the accumulated snow, in the
end I continue my screaming while rolling on the snow.
It is meaningless, everything is meaningless. It does not matter if
Sachi died while being scared and in pain, or me challenging the
Christmas special target, NO, living in this world or the fact that 10,000

317


Red-nosed Reindeer

players are trapped in here totally has no meaning. I finally understood
it now, this is the only truth.
I did not know how long I kept this up, no matter how I scream,
how I shout, I did not feel any urge to cry. It is because this factitious
body of mine lack that function? Finally, wearily I stood up, picked up
the holy crystal that was buried in the snow and headed toward the
portal that led to the previous area of the dungeon.

There is only Klein and the members of «Fuurinkazan» remaining
in the forest. The members of «Divine Dragons Alliance» were nowhere
to be seen. As I walk toward the katana-wielder who was sitting on the
ground, I checked to see that there was no loss in numbers.

It’s obvious that Klein was the only one who was tired, but not as
much as I did. I could guess that he negotiated with the Divine Dragons
Alliance and fought a duel. However, my heart wasn’t feeling grateful.
The katana user saw me walk over, and his expression showed
ease. However, his lips stiffened after seeing my expression.
“...........Kirito............”

I dropped the holy crystal on the knee of Klein who was calling
my name in a low and coarse voice.

“This is the revival item, but it cannot be used on people who
have died long ago. Take it and save the next person who dies in front
of you.”

As I was preparing to head toward the exit after saying that, Klein
grabbed my coat.
“Kirito... Kirito......”

318


Red-nosed Reindeer

It shocked me to look at him with tears flowing down his fullybeard cheeks.

“Kirito... You... You must survive.... Even if all the others perish...
You must survive till the end.....”

I pulled the sleeve of my coat from Klein’s hands, who cried on as
he repeated for me to continue living on.
“Good-Bye.”

After saying that, I made my way out from the forest in a lost
manner.
By the time I was aware of my surroundings, I was back in the
room of the inn at the 49th floor without any recollection of how I
made my way back.
The time is around 3am.

I started thinking what I should do from this point onwards. For
the past month, the revival item was the motivation for me to continue
surviving. Although it existed, it wasn’t the item that I wanted.

After thinking for a while, I decided to head off and fight the boss
of this level once dawn broke. If I beat that guy, I would continue on to
beat the boss of the 50th level, and then, I’ll continue on to the 51st.

I couldn’t think of any other ending for a stupid clown. After
making this decision, my feelings relaxed, and I just sat on the chair
like that. Not seeing anything, not thinking about anything, but waiting
for morning to arrive.
The moonlight that shone down through the window started
changing positions bit by bit, and finally, it was replaced by a grey

319


Red-nosed Reindeer

daybreak. I didn’t know how many hours I did not sleep, but it felt good
for a final morning after the worst night.

As the clock on the wall ticked to 7am, I got ready to get up from
the chair, and a strange alarm rang in my ears.

Looking around, I couldn’t find anything that could be the source
of the sound. Finally, at the corner of my sights, I found a prompting
purple signal from the main window flickering away, and I moved my
fingers.

What glowed was the same item window Sachi and I shared.
There was a limited use item. I scrolled the screen down in a puzzled
manner, and found the timer activated message record crystal.

I took the crystal out, removed the window and placed it on the
table.
After clicking on the glowing crystal, I heard that memorable
voice of Sachi.
Kirito, Merry Christmas.

At the time when you hear this message, I am probably dead. That
is because if I were still alive, I would have removed this crystal from the
shared inventory on Christmas Eve and let you hear what I have to say
personally.

That... Let me clarify why I have recorded this message.
320


Red-nosed Reindeer

I, probably, will not survive for long. Of course, this does not mean
that I doubt the capability of Kirito and the «Black Cats of the Full Moon»
guild. That is because Kirito is very strong and the rest of the members
are getting stronger by the day.

How should I explain this..... A very close friend of mine from
another guild lost her life. Being a timid person like me, she only hunted
in safe areas, but because of her bad luck, she was killed by mobs on her
way back to town. After that, I pondered over various stuffs and I came
to a conclusion. To continue surviving in this world, it matters not how
strong your companions are, if you do not have the will to live or the
determination to survive no matter what, death definitely awaits.

For me.. Truthfully, ever since the first time I stepped into the
beginner practice area, I was and have been very afraid. Actually, I never
intended to leave the Starting City. Although I was very close to members
from the Black Cats of the Full Moon in the real world and I enjoyed the
time we spent together, I hated going into battles. I probably will die
eventually if I continue to hold this attitude in battle. This is not caused
by anyone, the problem lies with me.

Ever since that night, you’ve been telling me it’s alright every night
and that I won’t die. That is why if by any chance I die, you’ll definitely
blame yourself for it and won’t forgive yourself. This is also the reason
why I thought of recording this message. I would like to tell Kirito, it isn’t
your fault. If there is any problem, it would be me. The date will be set on
the next Christmas, because I would like to at least try to survive until
then, hoping to walk down the snowy street together with you.
321


Red-nosed Reindeer

Actually.... I knew how strong Kirito is. One time, when I woke up
from Kirito’s bed, I accidentally saw your level from your opened status
window behind you.

Even after thinking long and hard, I still did not manage to come up
with any reasons why Kirito-kun would hide his real level and form a
party with us. But I didn’t mention this to the other members, as I
believed that someday you would tell us the reason personally.... I was
rejoicing when I found out that you are very strong. After knowing that, I
started to be able to sleep peacefully as long as I am by your side.
Perhaps to you, being with me might be of significance to you, this also
made me very happy. If this is the case, there was definitely meaning in
me coming to the higher floors even for a timid person like me.

That... Actually, what I am trying to say is, even if I die, you should
strive to survive. Live on, look upon this world until it ends, please help
me find out the reason why this world was created, the meaning of why
such a timid person is in this world, the significance of our meeting. That
is my wish.

Ah... Seems like there is still some time left. This crystal can record
plenty of stuff. Hmmm, then, since Christmas is such a special occasion,
I’ll sing a Christmas carol. I do have some confidence in my voice. I guess
I’ll go with [Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer]. Actually I would have
preferred to sing other songs like [Winter Wonderland], [White
Christmas] which are more well known, but unfortunately I can only
sing the lyrics of this song.
322


Red-nosed Reindeer

Why did I only remember [Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer]? The
previous night, Kirito said something to me, “No matter who you are, you
definitely can make a difference in someone’s life.” Telling me that even if
it is me, there is a place where I belong. After hearing those words, I was
extremely glad and I remembered this song. I don’t know why but it was
probably because I kind of thought of myself as Rudolph and you as
Santa Claus.... if I have to put it in words, you give off a fatherly feeling.
My father left me when I was still very young, that is why every night
when I was sleeping beside you, I kept wondering if that was the feeling
that a father would give. Ah, okay, I’ll start singing.

Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose.
All of the other reindeer used to laugh and call him names.
Then one Christmas Eve
Santa came to say:
“Rudolph with your nose so bright, won’t you guide my sleigh
tonight?”
Rudolph who was always crying, started smiling that night.

...... To me, you’ll always be like a bright star that shines and guides
me from the opposite end of a dark alley. Good-bye, Kirito. It was really
fortunate of me to have met you and to have been with you.

Thank you.
Good Bye.
323


Red-nosed Reindeer

(End)
324