1
“…So it’s finally my turn…”
Haruyuki gaped as the pounding rain of the Storm stage beat
down on him.
The owner of the voice was a relatively small duel avatar on
the ground in front of him. His four limbs were splayed out, his
body half-buried in the surface of the road, cracks radiating out
around him. His full armor was heavy metal, a matte gray tinged
with brown.
After school the day before, Haruyuki had been completely
and utterly trounced by this metal-color avatar. He had been so
badly beaten that immediately after the duel, tears of regret had
flowed down his face. But overnight, he had managed to pull himself to his feet again and now, after a little special training, had
returned to challenge his victor to a revenge match.
This duel ended up being the flip side of their first: Haruyuki
had slashed his opponent’s health gauge down to a mere 10 percent by taking in his attacks and using them to slam his foe into
the ground. But then something baffling occurred: His duel opponent, still prone on the concrete, had made this pronouncement
about his turn, but in a voice and tone that were completely different from before.
Duel avatars—the virtual armor the Brain Burst program gave
to the boys and girls who became Burst Linkers—lacked mouth
and nose structures, except for a few female types. As far as eye

lenses go, Takumu’s Cyan Pile and Kuroyukihime’s Black Lotus
just had faint, shining spots. In the case of Haruyuki’s Silver
Crow, the entire face was covered by a smooth mirrored visor.
Wolfram Cerberus, the mysterious metal-color avatar referred
to as “the genius newb” by many, and his current duel opponent
also followed this design line. His face was enveloped from above
and below in a metal visor reminiscent of a wolf’s jaws, and the
goggles inside could only be glimpsed through a gap of mere centimeters.
So Haruyuki couldn’t quite pin down where these words of
Cerberus’s were coming from, lying as he was in a puddle of water
on the road. Normally, this was when he assumed there was a
mouth hidden under the visor, but Haruyuki felt a peculiar truth
in his gut:
What had spoken had not been Cerberus’s head. It had been
his left shoulder.
He hadn’t really been aware of it up to that point, but when he
looked with this in mind, the shape of Cerberus’s shoulder armor
closely resembled the helmet that encased his head. A form with a
straight line popping up sharply like a wolf’s head, then a zigzagging line cut across the center like fangs.
Although the zigzag on his actual head had revealed the goggles inside until a few seconds before, it was now completely
closed. Instead, the line on the left shoulder had opened about a
centimeter, and a dark light radiated from within. This red glow
colored several lines of water trailing along the armor surface,
making them look like drops of blood spilling from the maw of a
beast.
“Who are you?” Haruyuki asked hoarsely of the Burst Linker
he’d driven to only 10 percent health via his specialized Guard

Reversal technique.
“Heh-heh-heh.” The chuckle he got in reply was like metal
creaking. “Who am I? It’s a little late for that, isn’t it? You just
mercilessly beat me into the ground, Crow. And I know aaaaaaall
about you.”
“Know? We just dueled for the first time yesterday,” Haruyuki
responded reflexively, and then he shook his head slightly. “N-no,
wait. Are you really the Cerberus who was fighting me until just a
minute ago? It’s kinda like…like you’re a totally different person.”
“Heh-heh-heh, well, yeah. We were born like that, right from
the start. You already know the meaning of Cerberus, right?” the
left shoulder armor said, red light blinking.
Haruyuki gasped. In the back of his mind, the memory of the
Wolfram Cerberus vs. Frost Horn duel the previous evening came
back to life. His eyes had opened wide in astonishment when Cerberus had closed in with alarming speed and armor strength on
Frost Horn, who was four levels higher, so Manganese Blade, an
executive member of the Blue Legion, had explained the name to
him.
“Wolfram” was tungsten, the heavy metal with the greatest
hardness. And “Cerberus” was a creature from Greek mythology.
Given that Haruyuki had played countless fantasy RPGs since he
was very little, this monster was familiar to him: a massive dog
with three heads, said to be the watchdog of Hell.
Three. Heads.
The instant his brain made it to this point, Haruyuki finally
understood. Cerberus’s shoulder armor didn’t resemble a head; it
was a head. He couldn’t even begin to imagine what kind of logic
would give rise to a phenomenon like this, but at any rate, it was a
fact that the duel avatar Wolfram Cerberus had been born with

three heads. That was why he had been crowned with the name of
that three-headed watchdog.
Most likely, the cheerful, polite boy Haruyuki had been dueling until a few minutes earlier was what would be called Cerberus’s primary personality. And the one with the rough tone
conversing with Haruyuki now was the second.
“…Kerberos…” The Greek name slipped out of him.
“Heh-heh-heh.” The second head on Cerberus’s left shoulder
laughed for the third time. “That’s right, Crow. Although it took
you a little while to realize it. I’ll give you this, though: Your technique’s something else. You’re the first one who’s ever dragged
me out in the middle of a duel. Such a thrill. Now I can finally
fight, too.”
Hearing this, Haruyuki finally remembered that this was
Nakano Area No. 2—that this was a duel stage. And that Silver
Crow and Wolfram Cerberus were in the middle of a battle, with a
large Gallery watching.
“…I know you have all kinds of secrets. But right now, none of
that matters,” Haruyuki said resolutely, banishing his own
amazement from his body. “Once you dive into the battlefield, all
that’s left is to focus on the duel. Let’s continue this chat the next
time we’re in the Gallery together or something.”
He glanced up at the health gauges in the upper part of his
field of view. While Crow’s was practically damage-free, Cerberus
had been thrown and slammed into the ground with Guard Reversal any number of times; he had barely anything left in his red
gauge.
And the special-attack gauge displayed below his health was
completely drained. Which meant that the effective time of Cerberus’s dreadful high-performance ability Physical Immune had

ended. Haruyuki had already confirmed in the duel the previous
day that given this situation, he could do damage if he aimed for a
gap in the armor.
“If you’re not going to stand up, then I’ll finish things like
this,” he said, looking down at Cerberus, who was splayed on the
road. He straightened out the fingers of his right hand sharply
like a sword and then readied them above his shoulder.
Even seeing this attack motion, Cerberus didn’t so much as
twitch. He might have said, “I finally get to fight,” but it appeared
he was ready to throw in the towel.
Or perhaps he was going to come challenge Haruyuki again
once this duel was over. In which case, this would be a proud
blow to welcome the next fight. A fundamental rule of Brain Burst
was that a player could challenge the same opponent only once a
day. The rule wasn’t duel the same opponent, because the system
recognized the right of the loser to immediately petition for a revenge match.
“…Sheh!!”
With a sharp battle cry, Haruyuki took aim at the throat of the
fallen Cerberus and drove his hand straight downward at top
speed. A silver light raced forward faster than the falling rain.
In that instant, the centimeter gap in the zigzag line of Cerberus’s left shoulder suddenly opened wide, and Haruyuki realized with a shock that what he had thought was an eye was actually a mouth. The metal halves of the visor flew away from each
other, and in the void of the darkness where they hid, a crimson
light jetted upward like flames from deep, deep within.
The light scattered, coloring the raindrops, and touched
Haruyuki’s hand, attacking on its propulsive downward trajectory.

“Nggh…!” He involuntarily cried out. It wasn’t that he had
taken damage or that he had repelled it. His right hand was in
fact being irresistibly pulled toward Cerberus’s left shoulder.
Forced off course from the target of his attack—Cerberus’s unarmored neck—his hand was jerked toward the gaping maw of his
enemy’s shoulder.
Then I just have to punch right through his shoulder!
Haruyuki shouted to himself, and he put everything he had into
piercing the red darkness shining deep within the armor.
But he felt nothing; there was no impact. First, his fingers, his
wrist, then his arm almost up to the elbow were plunged into the
dark opening, but his senses communicated nothing: no response, no sensation of touch. But that was impossible. Cerberus’s shoulder armor was exactly the same size as his head,
twenty centimeters deep at best. Which meant that if Haruyuki’s
arm was in there up to the elbow, then his fingers should have
long broken through the other side and pushed outward already.
Haruyuki felt something cold and extremely unpleasant in his
arm, through his shoulder, and up his spine. He fiercely yanked
back his plunging arm to stop the charge, and his arm began to
emerge from the darkness filling this strange mouth.
And then the fangs closed.
Clank! A bizarre metallic sound echoed through the stage. The
members of the Gallery, watching the events unfold from the
roofs on either side of Nakano Street, stirred so loudly they
drowned out the din of the pounding rain.
But Haruyuki wasn’t conscious of this—nor even of Lime Bell’s
scream from somewhere in the Gallery. A burning pain shot up
from his forearm to the center of his brain. The sensation of pain
in the normal duel field was restricted to half that of the Unlim-

ited Neutral Field, but even still, a low cry slipped out from beneath his helmet. “Ghk…!”
He held his breath and opened his eyes wide. The sharp, tapered edge of Cerberus’s left shoulder armor had bitten deep into
his right arm from both above and below. The fangs had dug
down two centimeters into Crow’s metallic armor and were trying
to burrow even farther in, making a disturbing creaking sound as
they did so. In sync with this, Haruyuki’s health gauge was being
carved away at a steady pace.
Tungsten, Wolfram Cerberus’s armor color, had the greatest
hardness of all the metal colors. Up until then, that hardness had
basically been used for defense, but in the real world, tungsten’s
main use was in tools—particularly drills and saw blades. Put another way, this was exactly the kind of situation where tungsten
demonstrated its real value.
Haruyuki decided his armor could withstand the attack, and as
he endured the excruciating pain, he tightened his left hand into
a fist. He took aim at the dark-gray body exposed at the base of
Cerberus’s left shoulder and launched a series of short punches.
His enemy’s health gauge was below 10 percent; Haruyuki should
have been able to eat away the last of it with three hits.
But an instant before the first punch could land, Cerberus’s
right arm moved to cover the weak point at the base of his neck.
Nonetheless, Haruyuki beat down with his fist but, hindered
by the hard tungsten of Cerberus’s forearm, he was basically unable to do damage.
The reason Haruyuki had been able to unilaterally back Cerberus into a corner in this revenge match was because of the way
he had broadly applied throwing techniques; taking his opponent’s blows and beating him against the ground had rendered

Cerberus’s Physical Immune ability useless. In which case, all he
had to do now was throw the already downed Cerberus down farther. But with one arm held fast in his opponent’s mouth, that
would be difficult. If he forcibly pulled Cerberus up off the
ground, the damage to his right arm might grow in scale, and he
would be the one injured by the move.
What am I going to do?! What should I do?! Haruyuki frantically racked his brain as he vainly launched strikes with his left
hand.
It had been eight months since he had become a Burst Linker
the previous fall, but this was the first time he had been caught in
a biting attack with enough force to dig into his metal armor. But
if he couldn’t handle the technique just because he hadn’t seen it
before, he’d never seriously be able to make his way through the
world of level-six and -seven high rankers. No matter what the attack, there was always a way to counter it. Even in a situation like
this, with one arm held fast and the other hand guarded against,
there was always some secret trick to turning it all around.
Haruyuki. He heard the voice from the deepest depths of his
head. Against simple hitting techniques, your Way of the Flexible
will be an effective weapon. But you must not think you can win
with that alone. Your opponent is not an Enemy that merely repeats the same attack patterns; he is a Burst Linker with knowledge and courage. Once he knows his blows will be repelled, he
will immediately counter that. For instance, with a throwing
technique, a hold technique, some kind of flying tool…
The owner of the voice was, of course, Haruyuki’s parent—the
Black King, Black Lotus, aka Kuroyukihime. But it wasn’t as
though she had dived into this battlefield; even if she had been
there, the heavy rain would have prevented her murmured words
from reaching him. Instead, this was Haruyuki’s memory. As
much as he could, he had carved all the lessons from his sword-

master into the deepest parts of his spirit: an archive for all eternity. The voice came from this place.
And of those techniques, although it may appear staid, the
hold is actually the most difficult to respond to. Because there is
a great deal of diversity in the technique logic. In addition to
simple physical restraint, there are many attacks that hinder
movement with electricity, magnetism, vacuum, and viscous liquids. It is difficult for even a veteran Burst Linker to respond appropriately to all of these the first time they see them.
However, Haruyuki—in the Accelerated World, you alone
have a seemingly effective method of dealing with more than
half of the hold techniques. Remember the time when you were
sucked in by the magnet avatar of the Yellow Legion? If, rather
than a hold fixing an opponent to the terrain, the hold affixes
you to the enemy himself…then fly! Fly with your opponent still
attached to you. If you reach an altitude high enough to definitively kill your enemy with drop damage alone, then you at least
will not lose. As far as I know, there is basically no one who has
been able to crash into the most impenetrable object—the
ground—and walk away uninjured.
“…!!”
His master’s words played back within him as a flash of light
less than one-tenth of a second long. And the instant that light
reached the end of his nervous system, Haruyuki shifted to action.
He brandished his left fist in the same motion as his previous
useless punches. His opponent Cerberus’s second personality—
maybe he could call him Cerberus II—continued to guard the sensitive area at his neck with his right arm. Haruyuki’s fist, which
came down toward it regardless, this time opened up halfway
down and tightly grabbed ahold of his opponent’s wrist.

“Unh…Aaah!” Howling, Haruyuki threw his upper body up.
His special-attack gauge was nearly fully charged from the battle
thus far. He poured all of that shining blue light into the metallic
fins on his back.
Chak! The silver wings deployed. The high-speed vibration of
the blade fins pulverized the drops of rain as soon as they hit
them, turning the water into a fine mist.
“Grar…” Unable to speak, because his mouth was clamped
down on Crow’s right arm, Cerberus II groaned like an animal.
But he apparently decided not to release his biting lock. It seemed
that II had not inherited the brilliant fighting instincts of the polite first boy—Cerberus I.
Once he had built up plenty of flight energy, Haruyuki stared
at the black clouds above his head and kicked hard off the
ground. A sudden fierce shock slammed into him as his left hand
gripped his enemy’s right wrist and his imprisoned right arm
stretched out below him. Given the relative weight of tungsten,
Cerberus was fairly heavy for his small size, but not so heavy that
Crow’s propulsive force couldn’t yank him up into the air.
“Aaah…!” Haruyuki cried out once more and flapped his wings
with everything he had. Cerberus peeled away from the dent in
the road surface where he’d been half-buried moments before.
They ascended rapidly, slicing through the pouring rain.
Haruyuki flew at full speed, charging upstream along Nakano Sun
Plaza, redeveloped and reborn as a skyscraper some ten years
earlier, and windows shattered one after another from the shock
wave.
He flew up past the 180-meter-tall building, and after ascending another 50 meters, Haruyuki shifted into hovering mode. The
very little remaining in Cerberus’s gauge would definitely be
knocked out if he were dropped from this altitude.

Out of the corner of his eye, he caught sight of the members of
the Gallery—which had shifted to automatic Battle Follow mode—
appearing on the roof of Sun Plaza as Haruyuki released his left
hand. Cerberus II lurched to one side; now the only thing keeping
his significant mass in midair was Haruyuki’s right arm, still
caught in his mouth.
“The previous you would have blocked my chance to fly at first
glance. I was surprised that your insides changed as well, but I
can’t really say you’re stronger than the other one.”
“…Grrr…” Cerberus’s left shoulder growled at Haruyuki again,
still biting down on his arm. The viselike pressure had stopped,
fixing the distance between upper and lower fangs; the pain
wasn’t so great that he couldn’t stand it.
As for Cerberus, he couldn’t exactly bite off the arm in his
mouth (although more precisely, it was in his left shoulder). The
instant he did that, he would fall helplessly downward from an altitude of 230 meters. He might crash into the roof of a tall building rather than into the ground, and with the Physical Immune
ability active, the terrain objects might have acted as a cushion,
allowing him to live with 1 percent or so of his gauge. But Cerberus II, the personality in control now, did not appear to have
that ability.
Although the whole thing had sent a serious chill up his spine
at first—the second personality in the shoulder armor, the force
of the tungsten fangs’ biting attack—Haruyuki meant what he’d
said. When he assessed the situation coolly, pre-switch Cerberus I
was more troublesome than this II. Cerberus I was one of the
least-compatible enemies Silver Crow had come across, but Crow
was actually the natural enemy of Cerberus II, whose main
weapon was a biting-hold technique. When II was yanked up
from the ground to a high altitude the instant he bit down, the
best he could hope for was a draw.

Having finally gotten this far in his analysis and regaining a
little mental leeway, Haruyuki turned toward the avatar dangling
from his right arm, not even trying to move, and spoke once
more: “…Who’s your parent?” He didn’t expect Cerberus to obediently offer up an answer, but he still had to ask.
That day at lunch, during the special anti-Cerberus training
session, Kuroyukihime and Fuko had told Haruyuki about two
unfamiliar—and fearsome—ideas. The first was the “Mental-Scar
Shell theory,” a mechanism for the birth of metal-color avatars
espoused by the Quad Eyes Analyst, aka Argon Array, at the dawn
of the Accelerated World.
And the other was the “Artificial Metal-Color plan,” a plan to
push the Mental-Scar Shell theory forward by intentionally producing metal colors…apparently. It wasn’t clear whether it had
been implemented or not. But Kuroyukihime and Fuko seemed to
think that Cerberus’s too-sudden appearance and his battle
power, almost impossibly ferocious for a level one, was something other than coincidence. That was someone’s will at work.
“Fight him and watch carefully,” Kuroyukihime had told
Haruyuki.
He had drawn one new characteristic out of Cerberus, but it
wasn’t enough to be certain. Thus, he asked for the name of his
parent. But, naturally, he got no verbal response.
Instead, the mysterious metal color exerted a pressure several
times anything he’d displayed so far on the tungsten fangs eating
into Haruyuki’s arm.
“Nngh…!” Haruyuki groaned again at the lancing pain.
A disagreeable snap echoing in the air, Cerberus’s left shoulder closed completely. Silver Crow’s right arm was severed a little
below the elbow, and the crimson damage effect dyed the rain-

drops around them the color of blood.
Taking damage from losing a part, the health gauge on the
upper left dropped dramatically. But with this, the duel was
Haruyuki’s victory. Rather than be peppered with questions while
dangling in space, Cerberus II had chosen to fall and drop the
curtain on this fight.
Haruyuki intended to watch his opponent’s resignation right
to the end, and he shifted his gaze down from his gauge—
“—?!”
—and then gasped in amazement.
Cerberus was not falling.
To be more precise, he had dropped about two meters in altitude the moment he bit off Crow’s arm, but for some reason, he
stopped there without falling any farther. Haruyuki wondered if
Cerberus had hooked on to him with an ultrafine thread or something when he wasn’t looking, but if that were the case, Cerberus
would have to have been directly below him. But his hovering
enemy was off ahead of him by at least a meter.
Haruyuki’s eyes, opened wide in shock, could not discern any
reason why his enemy failed to fall. Instead, his ears caught an
uncomfortable sound.
Krrk. Rrk. Skrk. It was the sound of something hard being
forcibly pulverized by something else. When he looked very, very
carefully, the armor of Cerberus’s left shoulder was moving
slightly up and down. That was the source of the sound—it was
the grinding. He was chewing Silver Crow’s torn-off right arm.
The dreadful sound stopped after mere seconds. But the next
phenomenon was even more chilling.

From Wolfram Cerberus’s back, ten thin, sharp protrusions—
wings—started to slowly stretch out on both sides. They had the
same shape as Silver Crow’s silver wings. But they were basically
transparent, and the buildings around Nakano Station were
hazily visible through them. It wasn’t that they were made of a
glass-like material; they seemed to not actually be real, because
the ceaseless pelting rain didn’t bounce off them.
But even if they were phantom wings, they were generating
definite thrust. As the transparent fins vibrated, Cerberus floated
upward and ascended to the same altitude as Haruyuki before
settling into a hover again. The cries of the Gallery, ensconced on
the roof of the Nakano Sun Plaza building fifty meters below,
reached them as if chasing after them.
“H-he’s not falling! He’s floating!”
“Cerberus can’t be a complete flying type, too, can he?!”
“No way! He has that power on top of Physical Immune?!”
These sounded very much like the cries Haruyuki had heard
when he first flew in the Suginami area eight months earlier. He
was frozen, unable to say anything.
“Relax,” Cerberus said curtly, offhandedly. “My ability’s not
stealing. Unlike him.”
This statement contained some critical information, but his
brain could not process this in the moment, and Haruyuki simply
parroted back, “Not…stealing?”
“Yeah. It’s Reproduction. Although even if it was stealing, you
don’t really have the right to grumble about it. I mean, you took
something important from me.”
“You’re saying I took something from you?” Haruyuki asked,

hoarsely, his mind finally 70 percent back online. The answer was
something even more unexpected.
“I can’t answer your earlier question about who my parent is,
but I’ll answer this one. I suppose you could call what you took
from me my reason for existing.”

“Reason…for existing…?”
“Exactly. More than half my basic potential’s sealed away. I
only have the one power, the Wolf Down I used before. Because I
was tuned for a certain purpose.”
“Tuned? …What’s this ‘purpose’?”
“Simple. Equip that thing you sealed off somewhere. I say any
more than that, and I’ll get yelled at. And we’re out of time anyway. I only ate half an arm, after all.”
As Cerberus spoke, the wings on his back grew even more
transparent. They lost form as if melting in the rain and turned
into a hazy warping of space before finally disappearing. The gray
avatar lurched forward. In the instant before he went into free
fall, he tossed out his quiet final words.
“We’ll meet again, Silver Crow. I’ll finish up here today…And a
message from Number One. He says, ‘It was fun to duel with you.
Honestly.’”
And then the super-hard metal color, the source of many mysteries, fell to the ground, curtained by large drops of rain. A few
seconds later, the thunderous roar of impact sounded, and the
health gauge in the upper right dropped to zero.
YOU WIN!!
The flaming text burned brightly in the center of his field of
view before the results screen was displayed, but Haruyuki remained frozen in midair, unable to move. In the depths of his
ears, Cerberus’s speech from moments ago continued to play on
repeat.
Equip that thing you sealed off somewhere.

That thing you sealed off.
Haruyuki had an extremely clear gut feeling about what this
signifier meant. But even in his head, he seriously hesitated to
give it form.
When the duel ended, the pounding rain of the stage turned
into a drizzle, and the members of the Gallery applauded and
cheered from the roof of Nakano Sun Plaza to send him off (although some of the voices sounded a little bewildered). But for a
while, he wasn’t even aware of that.

2
Even after the acceleration was released and he returned to the
back seat of the EV bus racing down Oume Highway, Haruyuki
simply stared at his own right hand for a while. He had succeeded
in getting his revenge, but any exhilaration at his victory had
been blown off somewhere.
Abruptly, he saw an index finger stretch out from his right and
push the global-net disconnect button on the side of his Neurolinker. After the dialog box that popped up in his view to announce the loss of connection had disappeared, he saw Chiyuri’s
face through his virtual desktop, eyebrows furrowed together.
“Hey, Haru, what’re you all spaced out for? This is Nakano,
y’know? If you don’t disconnect right after the duel, you’ll get
challenged again.”
“O-oh…Sorry, thanks…,” Haruyuki muttered, and his childhood friend changed the angle of her eyebrows, slightly cocking
her head.
“…What’s up? I mean, seriously. You won, but you look like
you ate pickled eggplant or something.”
His other childhood friend, Takumu, popped his face into
Haruyuki’s view from around Chiyuri’s far side. “Once you
pushed him to ten percent remaining, things seemed to take a
fairly surprising turn,” he whispered. “Is that why, Haru?”
And then Utai Shinomiya, sitting to Haruyuki’s left, tapped at
her holo keyboard in midair. UI> IT LOOKED TO ME AS THOUGH YOUR

DUEL OPPONENT CHANGED MIDWAY.
BUT…

SYSTEM-WISE, THAT’S NOT POSSIBLE,

Haruyuki stared at the cherry-colored text in the ad hoc chat
window sitting in the bottom of his field of view and then nodded
deeply. Just loud enough for his friends in the back of the bus to
hear, he offered, “It’s just like Shinomiya says. That’s what happened…I think. Cerberus also said he’d go home for today, so I’ll
tell you the details once we get back to Suginami. Let’s change
buses first.”
They got off at the next stop, crossed the street at a nearby
light, and got on a bus going the opposite way that came minutes
later. Soon, they had crossed the border between Nakano and
Suginami, and once the four had reconnected their Neurolinkers
to the global net, they got off the bus at the Koenjirikkyo intersection. It was still raining, so they quickly opened their umbrellas.
“So what are we doing?” Chiyuri asked. “Are we going to
Haru’s?”
Haruyuki thought for a minute. If they were going to talk
about Brain Burst, then the usual spot of the Arita living room
was without a doubt the safest, but his condo was on the other
side of the Chuo Line elevated bridge, in the exact opposite direction from Utai’s house. He couldn’t bring himself to make a
fourth-grade girl walk two kilometers round-trip in this rain.
Even if she was wearing those adorable red boots. “Um, maybe if
there’s somewhere around here we can talk first…”
Once he had gotten that far, Chiyuri grinned. “Then it’s obviously Enjiya. The tatami rooms there are pretty secure, and Haru
also promised to treat me and Taku.”
“Gah! Treating you at Enjiya is a matter of national politics—”
“Ah-ha-ha! Kidding! Kidding! Hold on a sec, I’ll just check.”

After laughing for a moment, Chiyuri ran a finger across her virtual desktop. She was connecting with the shop online and getting information on the customer seating in real time. “Oh! We’re
in luck! The inside room’s empty. I’ll reserve it.”
She pushed a button that only she could see and swiped away
the window. Bouncing up and down behind him, she shouted,
“Hurry! Come on! The quick reservation there gets canceled after
five minutes!”
Enjiya was a café with Japanese-style sweets set up in a small
storefront a little north of Oume Highway. The short noren curtains across the doorway were a deep red—enji—so it seemed natural to assume this was where the name came from. But it was actually a shortening of Koenji, a fact that only longtime regulars
knew.
The café was run by the owner, a man in his thirties or forties
or fifties—in other words, a man of indeterminate age—and a
woman who was probably in her twenties. While they did have
traditional sweets, like the sweat bean paste of anmitsu and the
jelly of mamekan, they also had over a dozen other types of
treats, from gelato and waffles to homemade cheesecake and even
enormous parfaits, so it was hard to decide whether to stick with
the basics or go all out. Last fall, when Takumu and Haruyuki had
gone to apologize for the backdoor hacking incident, Chiyuri had
insisted on all the parfaits she could eat at this café as a condition
of peace and had nearly broken both of their banks, a memory
that was both sad and sweet now.
Perhaps she herself had long forgotten this—or perhaps she
was merely pretending to have forgotten, for their sakes—but the
instant she set herself down on a floor cushion in their reserved
tatami room in back, she cried out, utterly carefree and without
so much as glancing at the holo menu, “Let’s see! I’m having the
kinako parfait with rice dumplings topped with sweet bean

paste!”
“Are you sure you wanna eat something like that right before
supper?” Haruyuki remarked unthinkingly, and he got a chuckle
in return.
“I’ll thank you not to look down on athletes. My metabolism’s
different from yours, you know.”
“I-I’m sorry. Um, I’m gonna have fresh chocolate gelato with
nuts on top.”
“Whenever we come here, that’s all you ever order, Haru.”
This time, it was Takumu who chuckled at him. “I’ll go
with…mamekan.”
Haruyuki turned his face away—“Whatever, I like it”—and
locked eyes with Utai, who was grinning at this little back-andforth among the three childhood friends. The instant he saw her
sitting in the seiza position on her own cushion—back straight,
knees tucked under her—memories of the day before flashed
through his mind.
After they had finished their club work, Utai had invited him
to the Shinomiya house, where she had sat in the same formal position and told him about the world of Noh she had been born
into and about the sad fate of Mirror Masker, the Burst Linker
who had been her older brother and also her parent.
Perhaps intuiting his thoughts from the momentary look on
his face, Utai smiled broadly and quickly typed, UI> I’VE NEVER
BEEN TO THIS CAFé BEFORE. DO YOU HAVE ANY RECOMMENDATIONS?
Looking at the text displayed in the chat window, Haruyuki
was more concerned with Utai’s self-possession, which was so unlike a fourth grader, than the content of her question. When he
really thought about it, a rich girls’ school like Matsunogi likely

prohibited its students from stopping to eat or drink on their way
home. And yet Utai was calm and relaxed in this café, a place she
was visiting for the first time, probably because even at that age,
she was used to getting food and groceries by herself.
He had only learned of Utai’s home environment for the first
time the previous day, and the details started to resurface in the
back of his mind, but he pushed them away for now and grinned.
“Um. If it’s your first time, then I guess maybe the anmitsu?”
Chiyuri was quick to agree. “Anmitsu’s the foundation of a
Japanese-style sweetshop!”
UI> FOUNDATIONS ARE IMPORTANT. WELL THEN, I’LL HAVE THIS
FRUIT ANMITSU. Utai touched the holo menu with a small finger
and pushed the COMPLETE ORDER button.
A female employee appeared in Japanese-style clothing with a
tray of waters and hand towels. She greeted Haruyuki and his
friends amiably (they had been frequenting the place for more
than five years now) and then welcomed the newcomer Utai more
formally before returning to the kitchen.
The students in the neighborhood whispered that the Japanese-style desserts were prepared by the owner, while the Western-style ones were made by the female employee—they also
whispered the converse. But the truth of it was unknown. There
were also rumors that a robot pâtissier had been spotted in the
kitchen and that the café’s sweets were all lies delivered to their
brains via Neurolinker, but these were clearly jokes.
What was certain was that the uniform of the woman—a deepred kimono with a snowy white apron—and her twenties-ish appearance had not changed in the slightest.
Once they had placed their orders and had all taken a drink of
water, the eyes of the other three focused on Haruyuki.

“…So, Haru, what exactly happened? And why?” Inside the
café, there were only two older customers at the counter and a
group of three women who looked to be housewives at a table
near the door. Age-wise, they couldn’t have been Burst Linkers,
but just in case, Chiyuri lowered her voice.
“Ummm…” Haruyuki reflected on the earlier duel. “Until
ninety percent of his health gauge was carved away, it was just
like you guys saw. But…a little after he went down…the visor on
his original head closed, and the armor on his left shoulder
opened instead. And then…maybe you won’t believe this, but the
left shoulder talked. It said, ‘So it’s finally my turn.’”
It took about five minutes to explain how it all had gone down,
and just as Haruyuki finished, their orders arrived with perfect
timing. The woman had no sooner placed the dishes on the table
and urged them to take their time than the four Burst Linkers
were reaching for their spoons.
Simultaneously scooping up rice dumplings and cream and
anko beans in a miraculous balance on her spoon, Chiyuri opened
her mouth and filled her cheeks. Pure bliss overtook her for about
five seconds before she could get herself together again. “Mmm,
mmmmm…It’s like, the more I hear, the more this is, like, for serious, you know? If he’s switching between personality extremes,
I guess we have Niko for precedent.”
“No matter how you look at it, Niko’s angel mode is a performance.” Haruyuki grinned wryly around a mouthful of chocolaty
gelato. “The way Cerberus switched was definitely not on that
level. And the way he talked—he’s Cerberus because there are
three of him. I mean, he was named after that mythological dog,
so it’s kinda like that, I guess? And actually, when it was his left
shoulder, the abilities he used changed, too.”
“So then, on top of the Cerberus I that you fought first and the

Cerberus II of the left shoulder, there’s a III, too?” Takumu asked
as he scooped up mamekan with a lacquerware spoon.
Haruyuki thought a minute and then nodded. “When you
think about it, the right shoulder’s probably Cerberus III, huh?
Cerberus I talks politely, II is rougher. No clue what III will sound
like.”
“My vote’s for old-school style,” Chiyuri remarked.
“L-like a grandpa character? That’ll be hard to fight.”
“So then his ability’ll definitely be Drunken Fists,” Takumu asserted. “The traditions of the fighting game.”
The three of them kept talking, wandering further off track,
and Utai followed along, eating her fruit anmitsu with a serious
look on her face until she carefully set down her spoon before typing on her holo keyboard. UI> IT IS INDEED SURPRISING TO HEAR
ABOUT A SINGLE DUEL AVATAR HAVING THREE PERSONALITIES, BUT THERE’S
SOMETHING ELSE THAT IS OF MORE CONCERN TO ME.

She turned wide eyes on Haruyuki and his friends as she continued. UI> THAT CERBERUS REFERRED TO SOMETHING C HAD SEALED
AWAY. I BELIEVE THERE IS ONLY ONE THING THAT FITS THAT DESCRIPTION.
“…Yeah, I think so, too…,” Haruyuki said, looking at the
slightly dark silver of the spoon he held in his right hand. “…The
Armor of Catastrophe…The Disaster. If what Cerberus II said is
true, then he was born to equip that armor.”
“Just thinking about what would happen if he were able to do
that sends chills up my spine,” Takumu said. “If he had the multiple defensive capabilities of the Armor on top of his own hard
tungsten armor, it would be a bigger deal than just Physical Immune.”

“It was a giga GJ you guys did in purifying the armor, Ui,
Haru,” Chiyuri said, mixing Ash-speak with Pard-speak, and the
other three laughed involuntarily.
Haruyuki was getting absolutely nowhere with obtaining the
Theoretical Mirror ability, the key to the attack on the Legendclass enemy Archangel Metatron guarding the Tokyo Midtown
Tower, but the reason he could deal with all this without getting
too serious, even as the situation grew more chaotic, was that he
had his Legion comrades by his side. Haruyuki was silently grateful.
However, immediately after this, he thought that maybe that
wasn’t the whole story. The way his mysterious and powerful
enemy had managed to reproduce his flight ability, albeit for a
short time, was very much like when the “marauder” Dusk Taker
had appeared three months earlier. But this time, Haruyuki
hadn’t felt that same heavy pressure crushing him, like he
couldn’t breathe. The reason for that had to be…
“…I think Cerberus is definitely an opponent to be on guard
against, given that he switches personalities and knows about the
Armor and stuff. But…I dunno. I don’t hate him. Not Cerberus I…
and probably not II either.”
“Even though he ate one of your arms?” Chiyuri blinked
rapidly. “It looked like that seriously hurt, though?”
“Well, it did hurt, but I mean…it’s a proper ability. It’s not like
he has a BIC, like Dusk Taker or Rust Jigsaw. When he destroyed
me yesterday, I hated it so much, I wanted to cry. But I didn’t
hate him. And I’m sure Cerberus feels the same after losing to me
today. I mean, at the end, he said it was fun.”
While Haruyuki earnestly searched for the right words as he
spoke, his chocolate gelato got fairly soft, so he hurriedly scraped

the rest of it together with his spoon.
Chiyuri abruptly slapped him on the back.
“Pwah! Wh-what’re you doing?! You made a piece of almond
go flying!”
“I’m giving you a compliment, so don’t be so stingy!”
“Normally, you don’t compliment people by slapping them on
the back.”
“Then you want me to bop you on the head?”
“N-no thanks!”
Listening to their exchange, Takumu and Utai erupted simultaneously in laughter. Soon enough, Chiyuri and Haruyuki got on
board, too, and the back room at Enjiya was filled with gentle
merriment.
I just know that Wolfram Cerberus has more secrets. And I
still can’t decide if he’s the artificial metal color Kuroyukihime
was talking about. But if I just keep fighting. If I go up against
him in duel after duel where we smash up against each other,
whatever plan he has’ll burn up into nothing. I mean, above all
else, we’re Burst Linkers, after all.
Haruyuki digested this thought together with the last bite of
gelato. Just as the last of the bittersweet flavor was disappearing,
he turned toward his friends and announced, “At the very least, it
seems like the Metatron operation is not moving this week. I’m
going to go to Nakano Area Number Two after school tomorrow,
too. Whether he challenges me or I go and challenge him, I’m
fighting Cerberus again. I probably won’t be able to win again like
I did today, though. But I’m fine with losing. Winning and losing
—that’s the nature of the duel, after all.”

Chiyuri and Takumu grinned and nodded, while Utai alone
had a slightly worried look on her face as she set her fingers into
motion across the tabletop.
UI> I ADMIRE YOUR MINDSET, ARITA. BUT ARE YOU SURE? CONSIDERING THE LEVEL DIFFERENCE, THE SAME NUMBER OF WINS AND LOSSES WILL
MEAN A SERIOUS EXPENDITURE OF POINTS.
“Ugh!” When she put it like that, it really hit home. Haruyuki
realized that the basic rules of Brain Burst had completely flown
out of his head, and he stiffened up.
Chiyuri slapped his back one more time. “…Just let us know
when you’re going to go hunting Enemies to replenish your
points. If we’re free and full of energy, we’ll come along with you,
’kay?”
“If it’s a day when my kendo practice ends early,” Takumu
said.
UI>
WORK.

ME TOO. IF YOU’RE OKAY WITH GOING AFTER I’VE DONE MY HOME-

“…Thanks, guys.”
This was all that was left to Haruyuki to say.
After they departed Enjiya with Utai, Haruyuki left Takumu in
the entrance hall of their condo and got on the high-speed elevator with Chiyuri.
“That reminds me. What’s going on with the Theoretical Mirror?”
Suddenly faced with the question, Haruyuki unconsciously let
his gaze drift. “Y-yeah…I guess I’ve gotten a hint, if you could call
it that. Or maybe I haven’t quite gotten it…”

“What? You’re not making sense. I know you’re concerned
about Cerberus, but, like, isn’t the Mirror a higher priority for
you, Haru?”
“…I mean, when you say priority, it’s, like, a priority,” he
mumbled, and two fingers stretched out from beside him to yank
on his right cheek. “H-hut’re you hooin’?”
“I hate leaving a bunch of conditions to pile up unresolved,”
she said. “When I get more than five items on my to-do list or
something like that, I get really annoyed.”
“Really…? I basically never get it under ten items.”
As he spoke, Haruyuki casually opened the to-do list app on
his virtual desktop and found twelve items clearly listed. Items
one through three were the homework they had been given that
day, but number four—request tickets, if needed, for guests to the
school festival—had been languishing there since the previous
week. But, well, it was precisely because he hadn’t immediately
replied that he lacked guests to invite that he had been able to invite Rin Kusakabe the previous day—
“…What’re you getting all dreamy about?” Chiyuri yanked
even harder on his right cheek.
Haruyuki hurriedly shook his head back and forth. “N-nohhing!”
Fortunately, the elevator had reached the twenty-first floor at
that point, and the door in front of them slid open.
“’K-kay, Chiyu, see you tomorr—”
“We’re not done talking,” she said with a frown as she stepped
out into the hall, Haruyuki’s cheek still pinched between her fingers. He was forced to follow her.

“H-hey, I’m on twenty-thr—”
“I know that! Another thing I hate is ending a conversation in
the middle of it. We’ll finish up in my room.”
“Wh-what?!”
Haruyuki reeled as the elevator door closed behind him.
Since the hands of the clock had moved around to six PM, the instant they set foot in the entryway of the Kurashima home, captivating sounds and smells crashed into his senses.
And what makes this mellow and yet invigorating sour smell
is—yeah, sweet-and-sour pork! he guessed, when the door on the
left side of the hallway opened and Chiyuri’s mother, Momoe,
popped her head out.
“Welcome hom— Oh! Haru!” she cried, clutching a ladle in her
hands.
“Th-thanks for having me.” Haruyuki bowed his head.
A smile split her face in half, and her words came fast and furious, like machine-gun fire. “Thank goodness! I cooked too much
food, and I was just worrying about what to do with it all. It’s always like this with sweet-and-sour pork and chop suey. I just
know it’s because the wok is so big. Right, you’re okay with
pineapple in the sweet-and-sour pork, aren’t you, Haru? It’s not
Chii’s favorite these days, but I’m the cook, so she doesn’t get a
say.”
“I’m glad to be home…Mom, you keepin’ an eye on the stove?”
Chiyuri asked the question quietly, and a hand flew to her
mother’s mouth. She ducked back into the kitchen with an “Oh,
shoot!”

Letting out a sigh, Chiyuri stepped up from the entryway,
grabbed some slippers with a blue bear appliqué, and set them
before Haruyuki. She slipped pink rabbit slippers on her own feet
and took a step forward to make space for him.
“…Eat the pineapples in mine, okay, Haru?”
“……Okay.” He put on the slightly too-small slippers and followed Chiyuri to the room at the end of the hall.
The furnishings were simple, and the room was basically unchanged from the last time he’d visited—there were several large
cushions of various colors on the floor and bed.
After setting her bag down next to her desk, Chiyuri undid the
ribbon at her throat and sighed again. “Aaah. It’s so humid. I get
tired of being so damp every day.”
“Well, it’s the rainy season, after all. If you think about a
Primeval Forest stage…” Haruyuki said, settling himself down on
a starfish cushion on the floor.
“I hate that stage,” Chiyuri said curtly, and then she peeled
back the thin terry-cloth blanket on her bed as if having thought
of something. She abruptly tossed this over Haruyuki’s head and
announced, “If you move an inch, I’ll feed you to a giant snail in
the Primeval Forest stage.”
“Huh? Wh-what’re you doing?”
“Come on! Don’t move!”
His field of view closed off by the creamy white fabric,
Haruyuki had no choice but to freeze. Soon, he heard the soft
sound of fabric rubbing against fabric. This went on for about five
seconds before he realized finally that Chiyuri was changing out
of her uniform.

Wh-what are you thinking?!
And then:
Just you? No fair! I want to change, too!
While he was struggling to decide which of these he should
shout, the blanket covering his head, through some deviation in
weight, began to slip forward bit by bit. If it had been sliding
backward, he could have grabbed onto the fabric in front of him
to stop it, but given that it was sliding forward, his task was hard
to accomplish with only small movements at his disposal. On the
other hand, if he made any significant movements, it would fall
completely and he would be dinner for an enormous snail.
Sounds like snap, snap continued to come from the outside
world, and he had no idea what exactly was going on. The edge of
the blanket finally reached the back of his head; it was only a
matter of time before it passed the top of his head.
It’s not my fault. It’s Chiyu’s for not balancing it properly
when she threw it on me! Crying out in his heart, Haruyuki
waited for the final moment. After about five seconds, the fabric
flopped to the ground with a loud fwup, and waiting on the other
side of it was Chiyuri in white shorts, with a green T-shirt pulled
down to just above her stomach.
His childhood friend’s arms snapped to a stop, and she looked
at his exposed face with cold eyes. “I’m looking forward to the
next Primeval Forest stage,” she announced, yanking down her
shirt.
“…So to get back to what we were talking about,” Chiyuri said, sitting on the edge of her bed. “You think you can get the ability?”
Haruyuki, sitting on the starfish cushion formally for some

reason, started to offer up the same ambiguous answer as he had
in the elevator. But he stopped himself and cocked his head
slightly instead. “I-it’s like…I’m surprised you’re asking about
this. You’re that interested in the Metatron mission?”

“What? I am a member of Nega Nebulus, you know.”
“I know, but, like, it’s not Dusk Taker and the Armor of Catastrophe. This isn’t just about Negabu, you know? From your usual
thinking, I thought you’d actually get mad at the Six Kings for
pushing this on us…”
For a moment, Chiyuri seemed to be deciding whether or not
to get angry at this, but then, for some reason, her cheeks turned
red. “Qu-quit it. I mean, talking like you’ve seen right through
me…But, well, you’re right.”
“Huh?”
“When I heard about the meeting of the Seven Kings, I was actually a little annoyed. You worked so hard and had just finished
purifying the Armor, and here they were pushing you to take on
this serious role in the vanguard of a mission to take down a Legend-class Enemy! But, like, I…I saw it with you, and Taku too,
and all.”
Rather unusually, Haruyuki immediately understood what the
pronoun “it” meant: the main body of the ISS kits they had seen
in the Brain Burst central server, also known as the main visualizer. The jet-black brain eating into a corner of a beautiful galaxy.
Even if he tried, he could never forget the way it reached out with
countless blood vessel–like circuits to connect with all the kit
users, including Takumu, to carry out its abominable parallel processing.
“It hasn’t even been three months since I became a Burst
Linker,” Chiyuri said. “And there’ve been all kinds of hard things,
but I like the Accelerated World. The duels are fun, and I’ve made
lots of friends. So…I hate that something evil is eating away at
that world. If you want to get rid of the ISS kits of your own will,
then I’m rooting for you. And I’m sure there’ll be something I can

do. Although I can’t use light techniques.”
“…Chiyu…” Something abruptly pushed up in his heart, and
Haruyuki desperately swallowed it back. Blinking both eyes
rapidly, he took a deep breath before bowing his head. “…Thanks.
I…I love the Accelerated World, too. And yeah, I’m scared of
Metatron, but I figure if I’ve got a chance at defending against
that laser, then I’ve got to give it a try.” He lifted his head and
grinned.
“I mentioned this before, but I’ve got kind of a hint at least. I
learned some stuff from Izeki and Shinomiya. And even in the
duel with Cerberus, I feel like I realized something important. It’s
probably no good to think only about repelling the laser. The ultimate mirror can’t just be a slab with a high reflectance.”
Speaking as though in a dream, Haruyuki didn’t notice
Chiyuri’s gaze cooling sharply halfway through.
“Hey, Haru?”
“Rather than a physical presence, it’s actually a passage—
Huh? What?”
“Ui’s one thing. But why is Izeki coming up here? You’re just
in the Animal Care Club together, right?”
“Huh? Oh, well, um. Sh-she showed me a mirror. She’s got this
hand mirror that seems super expensive, you know? It’s so different from the ones they sell at the canteen, I was actually surprised. Ha-ha-ha!”
“If you’re looking for a proper mirror, I have one, you know!”
“I—I guess you would.” Haruyuki twisted his index fingers together, and Chiyuri suddenly stood up from the bed, stomped
past him, and left the room. She’s not actually going to get a mir-

ror from somewhere, is she? But there’s a huge full-length mirror in the room already, he mused, before she returned less than
a mere minute later.
In her hands was not a mirror, but glasses of barley tea set on
a tray. She placed one in front of Haruyuki. “Mom says it’s another fifteen minutes until supper. That should be plenty of
time.”
“S-sorry? Plenty of time for what?”
“I was thinking about stuff yesterday, like maybe there was
some other way to practice repelling a laser. I mean, you can’t
just get Niko to hit you with her guns every time, right? And I
thought up something good.”
I’ve got a bad feeling somehow! Although the thought filled
his head, he didn’t let it out of his mouth. Clutching the cold barley tea in both hands, Haruyuki swallowed hard and waited for
what she would say next.
“It’s not just Burst Linkers who use light techniques, right? I
mean, you’ve got the problem itself to disprove that: Metatron. So
then, if there was a reasonable Enemy who attacked with lasers,
you could practice as much as you like with it, and then bang!
Right?”
“G-giga wait!” he hurriedly interjected. “You can call it ‘reasonable,’ but even the small Enemies are seriously strong!”
Chiyuri shrugged lightly. “But the Wild-class one we hunted
on the way back from special training the day before yesterday
was a pretty easy victory?”
“Th-there were eight people hunting, and two of them were
kings! And to start with, we’re not going to be able to find a small
Enemy that attacks with lasers that easily.”

“And yet, wouldn’t you know, there was one livin’ real close.” A
catlike smile spread across Chiyuri’s lips, and she snapped the
fingers of her right hand. “Setagaya Area Number Two. With your
wings, we can just zoom over.”
“Huh. Y-you already found one? How…Did someone tell you
about it?” Haruyuki asked in reply, baffled.
“I told you.” Chiyuri’s smile took on a bashful note. “If there
was something I could do, I wanted to do it. I figured I should try
finding it myself before turning to other people, so last night, I
did some wandering in the Unlimited Neutral Field. And luckily, I
found a teeny Enemy that shoots lasers.”
“Bu— You…” After holding his breath for a second, Haruyuki
shouted, at a volume that would just barely not leak outside the
room, “A-are you crazy?! Diving alone, and on top of that messing with Enemies?! I mean, you could’ve run into some dangerous Burst Linkers or been targeted by a Beast class and ended up
in unlimited EK!”
“It’s fine. I made sure to set an automatic disconnect timer,
and you know how hard Lime Bell is, right? On top of that, I have
healing abilities, so I’m not going to end up in unlimited EK that
easy.”
“So you say—,” he began, intending to argue even more vehemently, but then pinched his mouth closed.
Chiyuri—the Chiyuri Kurashima he’d known since he was born
—was exactly this person. Moody, quick to anger, and more hardworking than anyone. She made incredible efforts when no one
was looking, and no matter how hard it was for her, she never let
it show on the surface; she always smiled sunnily.
She said she did special training to improve her reaction speed
in a full-dive environment in order to succeed in installing the

Brain Burst program. Back then, she couldn’t accelerate, of
course, so she must have sacrificed her life in the real and devoted herself to serious special training, the kind that makes you
bleed, over tens—no, hundreds—of hours.
“Chiyu, how long did it take you to find that Enemy?”
Haruyuki asked.
After looking a little undecided, Chiyuri clucked her tongue.
“Um. A little over three days of inside time.”
Honest-to-goodness absurdity. But Haruyuki couldn’t reproach her at this stage. Instead, he sat formally on the cushion
and bowed his head deeply. “…Thank you, Chiyu.”
“Hey! Wh-what are you getting all serious for?! Ah! Yikes! We
only have ten minutes until Mom calls us. Come on! Hurry up
and dive!” Chiyuri shouted, her face red, and took a sip of her
barley tea before pulling a small hub and three XSB cables out
from her desk drawer. She connected the home server connector
on the wall and the hub with the longest cable and then sat down
again on the bed, gesturing to Haruyuki to join her. “Come on!
Hurry up!”
“Huh?! Um, what—?”
“I don’t have a sofa or anything in here, so our only choice is to
lie back here! Hurry up!”
“O-o-okay!” Haruyuki stood up as he was told and sat down
next to Chiyuri. Instantly, the palm of her hand was pressing
down on his forehead, and he fell back onto the bed. He stiffened
up as one end of a cable stretching out from the hub was plunged
into his own Neurolinker, and then Chiyuri immediately connected her own before lying down next to him.
A sweet smell wafted up from his childhood friend, who had

only just changed clothes—but leaving him no time to even be
conscious of this, a sharp voice flew at him:
“We dive on the count of three! Here we go. Three, two, one…”
““Unlimited Burst!””
Lucky I didn’t get the command wrong, Haruyuki thought as
he fell toward the rainbow-colored ring.

3
“I’ve always wanted to say that. The whole ‘on the count of three’
thing,” Lime Bell said, touching down on the virtual ground with
her trademark vivid lime-green armor, pointed hat, and the
handbell Enhanced Armament that made up her left hand.
Landing in the field a moment later, Haruyuki grinned wryly
beneath his mirrored visor. “You said that so suddenly, I almost
shouted the usual direct-link command, you know.”
“B-be careful! If you do that, you’ll dive into my private space.”
“That cushion hel— I mean, heaven. Heaven. I kinda want to
see it again…almost…”
“Then once this special training is over—no, after supper—I’ll
let you in.” Chiyuri nodded back at him. “Anyway, let’s go outside.”
Haruyuki looked around at their surroundings, but because
they had dived inside a building, all his eyes took in were white
walls. He couldn’t identify the stage attributes from this.
The balcony window was gone, but a narrow passageway
stretched out from where the door had been. It should’ve come
out into the shared hallway of the condo, but to save time,
Haruyuki turned back toward the wall that normally had a mirror
in it. He clenched his right hand into a fist and then looked to
Chiyuri, behind him, for permission. “Um. You mind if I smash
this wall?”

“Seems overly complicated, but sure, whatever. We do have to
build up your special-attack gauge and all.”
“Okay. Excuse me, then.” He turned to the wall once more,
sank down slowly, and twisted his body sharply while at the same
time launching a right straight without really pulling his arm
back. He was basically unaware of it, but this was close to the way
Wolfram Cerberus moved—focusing on avatar mass and rotation
speed rather than the swing of the arm. Haruyuki had unintentionally absorbed the fact that the heavy metal colors were more
suited to this type of movement than the normal colors from their
second meeting and now used a similar technique.
The punch—which was more like his whole body slamming
forward—landed smack dab in the center of the wall, and the
shriek of the impact sounded like the bullet from a large rifle hitting its target. But not a single crack appeared in the smooth
white surface.
“H-hey, Haru. Are you okay? Did you take damage?” Chiyuri
asked, concerned, since players could only see their own health
gauges in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Haruyuki said nothing; he
simply continued to fire punch after punch at the wall. He knew
without looking that his gauge was not decreasing—and that
every bit of the force of his blows was penetrating the wall.
Crrrrack! Soon, this incredibly loud sound filled their ears,
and the southern wall turned to dust. The field beyond it had no
sooner sprung into view than Chiyuri shouted again. This time,
her voice was bright and welcoming.
“Whoa! Incredible! It’s so pretty!”
The sky was a milky white, lustrous like melted pearls. The
buildings on the ground were also all pure white, looking very
much like temples and sacred spaces, and large, regular octahe-

dron crystals floated above roads and empty lots all over the
stage. The transparent gems spun slowly, turning the light from
the sky into rainbow spectra dancing on the terrain.
“A Sacred Ground stage,” Haruyuki murmured as he looked
out over the rare, upper-level holy stage. “Been a while since I’ve
seen this.”
“I’ve only seen it once in a normal duel.” Next to him, Chiyuri
bobbed her head up and down. “Um, I’m pretty sure you can
charge your special-attack gauge by smashing those crystals,
right?”
“Yeah. And because you’re smashing them in the Unlimited
Neutral Field, sometiiiiimes, you get item cards. Apparently.”
“What? Really?” Lime Bell swung her head to turn her eye
lenses—some of the cat-slant of Chiyuri’s own eyes in their shape
—on Haruyuki, but she quickly shook her head back and forth.
“Nope. No way! We can’t! We’re not here to play today; we’ve got
special training. This is no time to go looking for items!”
“I—I didn’t say anything!”
“We’re wasting time. Let’s get going! Carrying or piggybacking, which is better?”
“Uh, um. I’m usually the one who asks tha—”
“Then ask. Okay. Let’s see. Carrying, then.” The words had
barely left her mouth when Chiyuri turned toward the right side
of his avatar.
Fully aware that Chiyuri had managed to completely take the
reins here, Haruyuki had no choice but to reach his arms out and
fasten them around Lime Bell’s back and legs before lifting her
up.

The green-type avatar excelled in defensive abilities, but she
was a little heavy; the resistance he felt in his arms was greater
than with Black Lotus or Sky Raker, whom he had similarly carried in his arms like this. But his sense of self-preservation was
developed enough that he knew to keep that thought to himself,
so he simply remarked, “Okay, here we go,” and his body danced
up into the air.
The Kurashima home was on the twenty-first floor of the
condo, so the ground was correspondingly far away, but Chiyuri
had once jumped down from the top floor of the Shinjuku Government Building with him, so it was no surprise when she didn’t
cry out at the beginning of their free fall. Once they had dropped
about twenty meters, he spread the wings on his back and shifted
to gliding. Fixing his aim on one of the crystals floating on Kannana Street directly below, he kicked it as he flew past.
There was an ephemeral clink, and the rainbow crystal shattered. No item card appeared, but his special-attack gauge leapt
up to being nearly half-charged. This was enough power in his
gauge to be able to fly nonstop to Setagaya. He ascended again
and then hovered for a moment at an altitude that allowed them
to look out over the city.
“So where in Setagaya does this laser Enemy pop up?”
Haruyuki asked the girl in his arms.
As she took in the beautiful sight of the Sacred Ground stage,
Chiyuri’s eye lenses flashed. “Oh, a little past Sakurajosui Station.”
“So, this way?” He turned toward the southwest, but rethought
this and started to fly due south above Kannana.
Aratama Suido Road stretched out ten kilometers from the
Koenjirikkyo intersection, where Kannana Street crossed Oume

Highway, to the Kinuta Purification Plant along the Tama River
in the distance. This road was so perfectly straight, it was hard to
believe that it lay within the twenty-three wards, and Sakurajosui
Station was along it.
Getting onto Suido Road a little west of the intersection,
Haruyuki dropped altitude and flew at full speed a single meter
above the pavement. Naturally, his special-attack gauge started to
drop precipitously, but there were crystals floating on this road,
too, so he head-butted and shattered one he happened to come
across.
Far from being frightened by any of this, Chiyuri cried out
“Go-o-o!” like he was a thrill ride at an amusement park. In the
blink of an eye, the raised bridge of the Keio Line came into view,
running along the border between Suginami and Setagaya Wards.
He slipped under this, decelerated, and came to a stop, his legs
digging out ruts in the smooth surface of the ground.
“Phew.” Still tucked neatly in Haruyuki’s arms, Chiyuri let out
a small sigh and then lifted her head. “Ahhh, that was fun! We
should’ve just kept flying all the way to the end of the road.”
“Y-you were the one who said we’re not here to play!”
“Don’t stress about the detaaaails!” Here, she finally jumped
out of his arms. She looked around for a minute and then pointed
to the east side of the road. “I found the Enemy near that big
building there.”
“Big building?” Haruyuki cocked his head and called up a map
of the neighborhood in his mind. If this were the real world, he
could have just tapped the map icon on his virtual desktop, but
there were no such convenient apps in the Accelerated World.
Probably. “I’m pretty sure there’s a university here, maybe? What
school was it…?”

“All the universities are the same on this side!” Chiyuri
pointed out in an exasperated tone. “It’s not like you came to take
their entrance exam. And there aren’t any Burst Linkers in college.”
“I—I guess.” What he was actually concerned about was the
possibility of a neighboring junior high or high school affiliated
with the university.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, the places you were most likely
to have an unexpected encounter with other Burst Linkers were
first, near a portal; second, near a shop; and third, at any point
where a large, huntable Enemy popped up—but a junior high or
high school was basically next in line. In cases where multiple
Burst Linkers attended the same school, they sometimes would
use the school grounds as a meeting place in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Haruyuki himself had chosen the Umesato courtyard
as the place for his final battle with Dusk Taker two months earlier.
That said, the flow of time in the Unlimited Neutral Field was
accelerated to be a thousand times faster than it was the real
world. Haruyuki and Chiyuri could stay on this side for a full day,
while only eighty-some seconds would pass in the real world. The
odds of crossing paths with other Burst Linkers in the same time
and place were basically less than one in ten thousand.
And for all that, I feel like I still run into people on this side,
Haruyuki said to himself before concluding that Setagaya was an
empty area and that they were probably okay for now. Automatically, he wrapped an arm around Lime Bell’s waist in a tight hold
and took off gently before he realized that his partner was staring
intently at Crow’s face.
“What?”

“Nothiiiing. I was just thinking you’re getting pretty comfortable with grabbing me.”
“I—I am not! A-and you were the one who told me to carry
you!”
“Yeah, yeah. Anyway, get a little higher up.”
“…Yes, ma’am…” Haruyuki would probably never win a discussion with his childhood friend. Fully aware of this, he ascended around twenty meters straight up. When he did, there
was indeed a vast space on the east side of Suido Road. The large
temples dotting the area were probably the university campus
buildings in the real world. But…
“I can’t see any Enemies or anything.”
“Hold on a sec,” Chiyuri said and, with some purpose in mind,
brandished the large bell of her left arm: the Enhanced Armament Choir Chime.
As far as Haruyuki knew, the bell had two uses. First was a direct, striking attack. The bell was terrifically sturdy and heavy,
and a blow to the head would cause a ferocious bong to assault a
player’s auditory system, temporarily stunning them, so it was a
fairly useful weapon.
And the second was, of course, the special attack Citron Call.
This had the extremely rare effect of turning back time for the
target. When used on an ally, it recovered their health, while
when used on an enemy, it returned their hard-won special-attack gauge to zero or forced their armament to unequip; it was
appropriately showy for her tiny witch–like appearance.
But there should have been no need to rewind time in this situation. Wait. That can’t mean application number one. Is she
going to hit me on the head?! Haruyuki cringed into himself.

The bell started to wave back and forth in a slow movement,
almost as if in invitation. After a slight lag, a sound more reminiscent of a bell than a chime spread out in waves—riiiing, riiiing.
After about ten seconds, Chiyuri lowered her arm, but the sound
didn’t stop. Echoing off the surrounding terrain, it propagated
endlessly, gradually weakening before fading out.
What on earth was that?
Before Haruyuki could ask the question, Chiyuri stretched out
her right hand and said, hushed, “Look! There!”
To his surprise, his eyes followed where her finger was pointing and found something crawling out of one of the temples.
“Huh? An Enemy?! No way! Chiyu, did you call it?!”
“Calling it, it’s kinda like— So, like, Enemies react to sound,
right? When I was walking around looking for a laser-using
Enemy last night, I had the idea that maybe I could call together
Enemies from a wide range if I used my bell just right. So I tried a
bunch of different things.”
“A-a wide range? What would you have done if a whole lot of
them had shown up?”
“It was a little iffy this one time, true.” She stuck her tongue
out playfully as she informed him of this rather serious fact, then
moved her right hand to call up her Instruct menu for some purpose.
You could set all kinds of different conditions for the visibility
or invisibility of this system window, but as a rule, tag-team partners and Legion members could see it, so Haruyuki could also see
the window as it opened with a kashak sound effect. Chiyuri’s finger moved once more, and the display changed to a list of abilities
and special attacks.

Lime Bell’s only special attack should have been Citron Call.
With this in mind, Haruyuki stared at the screen and then quietly
cried out. Because, in the ability column, there was a row of text
shining radiantly.
“Acoustic Summon…Call with sound? When did you—? This
ability…”
“I told you, last night. After I managed to call an Enemy the
first time, I opened Instruct, and surprise! There was this ability
suddenly shining there.”
“Th-there was? That’s great…” Before the desire to applaud
Chiyuri’s hard work and creativity, Haruyuki honestly felt defeat.
He had been assigned a mission with a high level of difficulty:
Obtain the Theoretical Mirror ability. Even after he was evaporated ten times by the Red King’s main armament, he hadn’t been
able to come up with anything; he couldn’t help comparing his
own dumb self with Chiyuri.
But having no doubt seen precisely what was going on in his
head, Chiyuri bopped Crow on the head. “Okay, look,” she said, in
an exasperated voice. “Acoustic Summon and the Theoretical
Mirror that you’re trying for are on totally different levels! All I
can use mine for is to call Enemies. Although if I could pull out
hidden Burst Linkers, too, that would be super handy.”
“W-well, you might be right…”
“And if you get Theoretical Mirror, it won’t just be Enemies;
you’ll have a hundred-percent resistance to the light attacks of
other Burst Linkers, too, right? There are kind of a lot of red types
with lasers. You’ll be able to use it all the time in the Territories.
Don’t get depressed. Let’s get right to your training. I mean, I
went to all the trouble of finding you an Enemy.”
“Y-yeah, you’re right. If I manage to get it today, Kuroyuki-

hime and Master will both be surprised—I just know it. Okay! I’m
gonna do it!” Haruyuki clenched his left hand into a fist—his right
was holding Chiyuri. He felt like he heard a sigh near his ear, but
he ignored it and started moving forward.
At first, the Enemy was nothing but a tiny silhouette, but as
they got closer, its shape became apparent: an armadillo with a
huge head. Covered in hard armor, the body was round, and the
four legs were short. The forehead of its tapered head was excessively large, with an elliptical red gem, or maybe a lens, embedded in it. It moved its pointed snout from side to side, apparently
looking for the source of the sound that had beckoned it to this
place.
“You can see the red jewel in its forehead, right? It shoots
lasers from there. I was far away, so I didn’t take a direct hit, but
it pierced the buildings of the Ancient Castle stage, so don’t let
your guard down, okay?”
“…The Ancient Castle buildings are pretty hard…”
“It’s fine. You’ll be fine. As long as you don’t die instantly, I
can heal you with Citron Call. Its aggro range is about thirty meters, so descend right before that.”
“…R-roger.” Haruyuki nodded and started to swoop so that he
would land with room to spare, fifty meters in front of the armadillo Enemy. Since the Enemy was standing still in the middle
of a large space that seemed to have originally been the university
sports grounds, approaching it was easy.
The floor of the Sacred Ground stage was covered in tiles with
a lovely arabesque pattern. Its opposite, the Deadly Sin stage, was
also laid with white tiles, but blood-like fluid oozed from the
joints of the lattice pattern in that stage, while these tiles were the
very definition of purity. The friction coefficient was also just

right; there was no fear of your feet slipping.
Thus, Haruyuki and Chiyuri landed fifty meters away, their
eyes fixed on the Enemy ahead. However, the bottoms of their
feet did not communicate the sharp hardness of tile, but rather
something wet and mucusy.
“Whoa!”
“Aah!”
Crying out, the pair tumbled backward at the same time. Halfimmersed in the sticky fluid, they stiffened up in tandem, too. In
the Accelerated World, liquid on the ground generally caused serious issues, and so any liquid a Burst Linker encountered had to
be dealt with immediately. Haruyuki first looked at the health
gauge in the upper left of his field of view, but fortunately, it
didn’t appear to have dropped by even a pixel. Which meant that
rather than being poison or a corrosive fluid, this was some adhesive liquid.
With that thought, he threw his upper body upward, again at
the same time as Chiyuri. But their backs easily peeled away from
the ground.
So then what was this sticky stuff? He dropped his gaze and
saw that they were sitting in a brown pool about four meters in
diameter. Ever so tentatively, he raised his left hand, but the liquid dripped off, seeming to leave his metallic armor unchanged.
“…What is this…?” Haruyuki cocked his head.
Chiyuri raised her right hand to bring the viscous brown liquid
to her face. “Huh. No way. Is this maybe…” Muttering, she lifted
her face and turned to Haruyuki. “Haru—I mean, Crow, open
your mouth,” she commanded.

“Huh?”
“Hurry! Aaah!”
He did as he was told and ran a finger from the bottom of his
helmet to the top. His mirrored visor slid up a quarter of the way,
revealing the hidden mouth of his avatar’s exposed body. He had
no sooner popped this open than Lime Bell’s index and middle
fingers—dripping with plenty of the brown sticky stuff—were
thrust into his mouth.
“M-mnghaamph!” Naturally, he cried out at this sudden assault, but she didn’t take her fingers out. Fluid was forced into his
mouth, and the taste of it spread unbidden across Haruyuki’s
palate. Slightly bitter, with body. And sweet. More than sweet; it
was terribly delicious.
When he grew still, Chiyuri yanked her fingers out. “What’s it
taste like?”
“…Chocolate…”
“I knew it.”
So then taste it yourself! he wanted to shout, but the urge was
circumvented by a massive question mark popping up in his
brain.
Why? Why would there be a pool of chocolate on the ground—
and sweet milk chocolate to boot, Haruyuki’s favorite kind? This
wasn’t an attribute of the Sacred Ground stage. Or had they mistakenly assumed this was Sacred Ground when it was actually a
Sweet stage or something?
Sitting there dumbfounded, he wrestled with whether or not to
try having another taste when—

“Puppet Make!!”
The adorable voice of a girl rang out through the field. There was
no doubt this was a special technique call—the voice command a
Burst Linker shouted to activate a special attack. And if he was
hearing one of those, then the basic idea was that something, at
any rate, was about to happen.
Haruyuki quickly grabbed ahold of Chiyuri’s torso again and
fiercely flapped the wings on his back. As they rose up, he dashed
backward about three meters and once again checked their surroundings—or he was going to check their surroundings, until
what happened next stole his attention. From the pool of chocolate before them, splrp!—two human-shaped figures rose up.
“No way! It’s totally not deep enough for an avatar to dive in
there!”
Chiyuri was exactly right.
But the fact was that two 150-centimeter silhouettes stood before their eyes. Their forms were very simple: heads smooth and
round, with arms, legs, and body all clearly visible. They had no
eyes or mouths; instead, each of their faces bore only a single
flowerlike mark. They were a semiglossy dark brown—the same
chocolate color as the pond they’d leapt out of.
The avatars had no particular characteristics to speak of, but
one feature they shared was unique to them: The pair, standing
side by side, had the same external appearance. But in the Accelerated World, it was fundamentally not possible for multiple
avatars to have exactly the same design. Even the senior members
of the Blue Legion, Cobalt Blade and Manganese Blade—rumored
to be twins—had slightly different colors and part shapes.
“Wh-what on earth—?!” Haruyuki shouted at the same time as

the two avatars charged silently forward.
Without even the time to notice that the chocolate pool
spreading out at the feet of the avatars had disappeared,
Haruyuki and Chiyuri reflexively leapt into counterattack formation. Silver Crow launched a sharp left strike, and Lime Bell cast
her Choir Chime, at the chests of their respective opponents.
Instead of the impact of his sharp fingers shooting through
hard armor, Haruyuki felt something wet and soft, like he had
plunged his hand into a lump of modeling clay. His strike dug
deeply into the chest of the faceless avatar and continued out
through their back. With the one blow, the torso was split in half,
and he wouldn’t have been surprised if their health gauge
dropped over 50 percent. After taking an injury on this level in
the Unlimited Neutral Field, they wouldn’t be able to move for a
while because of the pain dancing through their nervous system—
twice the pain experienced in a normal duel field.
They shouldn’t have been able to, anyway.
“Wha—?” His left hand still following through on the blow,
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide.
The faceless avatar only staggered very briefly and then, without a single cry, countered with a right straight. The punch hit
Haruyuki hard on the left side of his helmet, whisking away 5 percent of Crow’s health gauge in one shot.
Throwing himself back to avoid a follow-up attack, Haruyuki
glanced over to check on Chiyuri. She, too, had knocked the faceless body flying with a strike from her handbell. But that didn’t
stop her enemy, either. With a large hole in its body, the avatar
shot off a right roundhouse kick. Chiyuri blocked it with her left
arm. At the same time, she jumped and bounced over to
Haruyuki’s side.

“What the—?! These guys are weird!” Chiyuri shouted, and
Haruyuki bobbed his head in agreement.
And then they witnessed something abnormal that went far
beyond weird.
Although both of the faceless avatars had taken serious damage to their bodies, the areas around their wounds suddenly
melted, becoming a dark-brown liquid to fill in the holes. In just a
few seconds, the bodies of the no-faces were completely restored,
taking on their original smooth, dark-brown surface.
“So striking and hitting have no effect,” Haruyuki groaned.
“To begin with”—Chiyuri cocked her head slightly—“are they
really Burst Linkers? Their armor seems sort of made, like—to be
honest, like chocolate, I mean…”
“Oh, yeah. And the chocolate pool from before is gone. If these
two are dolls made from that chocolate…Maybe we could find out
if we took a bite?”
“You just had chocolate ice cream!” Chiyuri retorted, and in
that instant the faceless avatars who had been steadily closing the
distance between them stiffened awkwardly. Or so Haruyuki felt.
They actually started to retreat, and he gradually stepped forward
after them.
Unfortunately, however, he didn’t get the chance to taste the
chocolate-color avatars. Before he caught up with them, the girl
from before spoke again.
“Figuring out the weak point of my Chocopets so quickly!
You’re not so bad at this, hmm!”
The source of the very slightly nasal, sweet voice was not the
no-faces before their eyes. Haruyuki and Chiyuri quickly looked

over to their left and saw a tiny silhouette standing on the roof of
a small temple about twenty meters away.
She was smaller than the faceless avatars. Her armor was a
similar semiglossy chocolate color, but her shape was different.
From the long hair coming out on both sides from beneath a hat
with a large brim and the large skirt-type armor covering her
lower half, she was clearly a female-type avatar. Her eye lenses
shone a clear pink.
The instant he saw her, Haruyuki was certain of two things.
First, that this F-type was, this time, for sure a real Burst Linker.
Second, that the two faceless avatars were combat dolls created
with her power. The “puppet make” command they’d heard at the
start of the offensive was probably a special attack that created
dolls.
He had all kinds of other questions—for instance, what was a
Chocopet?—but he put them aside for now and asked the one he
had to ask before all others. “Why are you attacking us?! You…
Are you a member of the Acceleration Research Society?!”
The chocolate F-type avatar blinked with surprise and then
stamped a high-heeled foot down on the roof of the temple. “I belong to the Dessert Lovers’ Society! And you! Playing dumb despite the fact that you came here to hunt Coolu! As long as my
eyes are the color of strawberry cream, I absolutely will not allow
you to do that!”
And there’s another weird word. He searched the index in his
brain, but he found nothing about a person called “Coolu,” so he
tried to confirm.
“Um. Who’s Coolu?”
“It’s pointless to feign innocence! I was witness to your attempted attack on little Coolu over there!” Her slender left hand

snapped up and pointed to the center of the plaza.
Shifting his gaze, he saw the small armadillo-like Enemy sniffing just like it had been before. “Huh? The Enemy? That’s ‘little
Coolu’?”
“She is! The species name is Lava Carbuncle—Coolu for short.
She’s my friend! I’ll stand and lose all my points right here and
now before I’d allow you to go ahead and hunt my poor baby!”
Turning her left hand on Haruyuki and Chiyuri, the chocolate
avatar continued boldly. “Now you’d better hurry up and use
them! Those filthy…ISS kits!”

4
“Cocoa Fountain.”
The small, chocolate-colored avatar uttered the technique
name in almost a murmur, and a glittering pink light shot from
the tips of her fingers.
The light carved out a parabola and fell to the ground. There,
with a burbling sound, the same dark-brown liquid Haruyuki and
Chiyuri had slipped in before—milk chocolate—came gushing up.
Instantly, the lesser-class Enemy Lava Carbuncle, aka Little
Coolu, started moving toward them at a trot and sniffed at the
chocolate pond before plunging its tapered snout in and lapping
it up.
“She’s in the Enemy’s aggro range, isn’t she?” Chiyuri said quietly, and Haruyuki nodded.
The chocolate avatar was standing a mere three meters away
from the Enemy now. No matter how slow and sluggish the
Enemy, it would definitely attack at this close range. Haruyuki
and Chiyuri had given themselves a margin of error and kept a
distance of forty meters between themselves and it, but even so,
they couldn’t say for sure that they were at a safe range.
“So maybe it’s been tamed?” Haruyuki wondered.
“But, I mean, don’t you need a special item for that? Reins or
something, like Kuroyukihime used to tame that flying horse?”
“I thought so, too. But, well, I guess there are a fair number of

exceptions to the rule in the Accelerated World.”
While they stood next to each other discussing the issue, the
chocolate avatar turned her back to the Enemy, who was lapping
up its treat in a trance, and marched toward them. The two
chocolate puppets—Chocopets for short—that she had generated
from the first chocolate pond had already disappeared, the technique having expired its effective time.
The avatar that stopped in front of Haruyuki and Chiyuri,
wordlessly turning her eyes on them, was relatively small for an
F-type. She wasn’t much different in size from Utai Shinomiya’s
Ardor Maiden.
“I’ll introduce myself first. Chocolat Puppeteer…I do not currently belong to any Legion.”
“Oh!” At the abrupt self-introduction, Haruyuki hurriedly
bowed his head. “Um, I’m Silver Crow. My Legion’s Nega Nebulus.”
“I’m also a member of Nega Nebulus—Lime Bell.”
Once they had given their names, the small female avatar, who
apparently went by Chocolat Puppeteer, traced her cheek with a
slim finger and nodded sharply. “I see. So you’re the famed
Corvus of the Black Legion. And the Watch Witch.”
“Is that your nickname?” Haruyuki asked in a quiet voice.
“I—I don’t know!” Chiyuri’s cheeks reddened slightly as she
shook her head. “Anyway, focus on the conversation!”
“R-right.”
Fortunately, Chocolat Puppeteer had fallen into a brief moment of thought. When she lifted her head, she nodded once

more. “I understand that you are not ISS kit users. And that you
did not come to hunt Coolu.”
“Th-thanks.” Haruyuki let out a sigh of relief before continuing
in a more composed tone. “So is it maybe okay if we ask you a
question, too?”
“Go ahead. Please.”
“When did you dive here?”
It was clear that Chocolat was lying in ambush for Burst Linkers who came to hunt Coolu, aka Lava Carbuncle. But an ambush
in the Unlimited Neutral Field was no simple thing. Or rather, an
ambush was basically impossible without knowing the dive time
of your target up to the very second.
Chocolat shrugged lightly. “I’m pretty sure it was ten—no,
eleven days ago. Although it was a mere sixteen minutes ago in
real time.”
“E-eleven days?!” Haruyuki and Chiyuri cried out together.
The small chocolate avatar’s mouth cracked into a slight smile.
“It hasn’t been boring in the slightest. I’ve been with Coolu the
whole time. And…I don’t care if ten days turns into ten months. I
mentioned this to you before, but I’m prepared to give up all my
points on this dive.”
“…”
Haruyuki and Chiyuri unconsciously looked at each other.
Losing all your Burst Points was the same as a forced uninstall of
the Brain Burst program—that is, death as a Burst Linker. Too
heavy a thing to say with a smile on your lips.
“Um. So what you’re saying then is that you won’t step back

from protecting this Enemy—I mean, Coolu—even if it means losing all your points. Is that maybe it?” Haruyuki asked timidly.
“That is what I’m saying.” Chocolat nodded, moving her bonnet-type hat calmly up and down.
“But— That— Maybe this is the wrong way to say this, but no
matter how many times an Enemy’s hunted, they’re restored once
the Change comes, right?”
“That is indeed true. But the Enemy that is restored is at best
one of the same species; it’s not as though the exact same individual is regenerated. The next Lava Carbuncle to pop up in this
place will probably attack me the second I approach it.” Her voice
shook a little at the end, and Chocolat hid her face under the brim
of her hat.
Lime Bell—with a totally different armor color, but a similar
hat and an overall form that resembled the other avatar somehow
—took a step forward. “How long did it take for you to get so close
to this baby?” she asked, gently.
“…In real time, a little over two years.”
“It did? So then you’re really friends now, huh? I get how you
feel. I mean, if I made such a cute friend, I’d definitely want to
protect them.”
“…”
Chocolat Puppeteer lifted her head slightly and looked at Lime
Bell. “Do you really feel that way?” she asked quietly.
“Of course!”
“M-me too.” While Chiyuri was emphatic, Haruyuki was timid
in his assent.

“So, then…” Chocolat smiled once more, somehow sadly.
“What if the one trying to hunt that friend was also a friend? And
a Burst Linker who had been a comrade in the same Legion only
three days before? What would you do?”
Legion: Petit Paquet; members: three.
The members had discussed and decided on the Legion name,
which means “small package” in French, Chocolat Puppeteer told
Haruyuki and Chiyuri in a subdued voice.
They had moved from the large sports ground to the inside of
a compact temple. The three sat in a circle on the white floor, elegant cups before them, faint steam rising up. The cups held hot
cocoa, but this chocolate was not pulled from the ground with
Chocolat’s special attack. Instead, it came from a porcelain pot
that had appeared together with the cups, made into objects from
her storage.
As a general rule, your only option was to buy items at the
shop if you wanted food or drink in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
The currency was, naturally, burst points, but players who had
only just set foot in this world didn’t really have the points to
spare for that. Which meant Chocolat was somewhat of a veteran,
but her level was four, one below Haruyuki’s.
“Our Legion wasn’t especially passionate about normal duels,
much less so the Territories. We’d go to the Shibuya or Meguro
areas next door on the weekends and fight a few tag-team
matches, and that’s about it. Which is why it took me nearly two
years to reach level four, and the fact that I cleared the Legion
Master quest was honestly miraculous.”
“Huh? Don’t you need a minimum of four people for the
LMQ?” Haruyuki blurted.

The dark-chocolate avatar smiled ever so faintly. “The reason
they say you need four people is because there are several puzzle
gimmicks that require operation in four different places at the
same time, but I have my Chocopets, so.”
“Oh. Ohhh. I get it.”
“That was also a part of my miraculous luck,” the tiny avatar
said, then brought her cup of cocoa to her mouth.
Haruyuki watched her for a while, pushed into silence. The
members of Nega Nebulus almost never went on expeditions to
Shibuya or Meguro, so perhaps it was only natural that he didn’t
know Chocolat’s name, given that she’d made those areas her
main battleground. But an apologetic feeling still rose up in his
chest.
Up to that point, he’d always treated Setagaya like an empty
area. He’d never turned his feet in that direction—even though it
bordered his home of Suginami—but there were indeed Burst
Linkers in that region, too. Chiyuri apparently felt the same way,
as she took on a formal position and bowed her head.
“I’m so sorry. I thought there was no one in this area. So I
came here looking for Enemies.”
“It’s fine. In fact, even if you combined Setagaya Areas One
through Five, you’d still only get a couple dozen or so Burst Linkers. If you had dived an hour later, you…wouldn’t have come
across me or anyone else,” Chocolat murmured. “They’ll have
taken care of everything by then.”
Haruyuki lifted his hanging head. “Um. You told us a little
about this before, but you’re on standby in this place to fight the
people coming to hunt Coolu, right?” he asked timidly. “And you
said they’re your friends—members of the Legion Petit Paquet.
You all came this far together?”

“That’s exactly right— No, our relationship goes beyond that.
One of them is my parent, and the other my child.”
“…!!”
Haruyuki and Chiyuri both gasped. But when he really thought
about it, this wasn’t strange at all. In fact, it was only natural that
there would be parent and child among the members of a smallscale Legion. In the six-member army of Nega Nebulus, after all,
there were four with parent-child relationships: Haruyuki and
Kuroyukihime, and Takumu and Chiyuri.
But in that case, it was all the more curious—why would
Chocolat’s parent and child try to hunt the Lava Carbuncle she’d
spent two years building a friendship with? From its size, that
Enemy was no doubt a lesser class; they definitely wouldn’t get
that many points for defeating it.
Perhaps seeing the question in Haruyuki and Chiyuri’s minds,
Chocolat Puppeteer lowered her cherry-pink eye lenses sadly.
“Three days ago, on Sunday evening, everything changed—no,
everything was lost. My parent, Mint Mitten, and my child, Plum
Flipper, were forcibly parasitized by ISS kits. In that instant—”
“What?!”
“Th-that’s—!”
Simultaneous cries of surprise burst out of Haruyuki and
Chiyuri.
“Ah!” Haruyuki leaned forward and squeezed his question out.
“The ISS kits, they can only parasitize Burst Linkers who want
that themselves, can’t they?!”
“That’s what I heard, too! I mean, if it was possible to force the
parasite, then they wouldn’t have needed to do that whole thing

during the Hermes’ Cord race, would they?!”
Chiyuri’s observation was correct.
In the final stage of the Hermes’ Cord race held on June 9,
after secretly slipping in among the participating teams, the Acceleration Research Society’s Rust Jigsaw had activated Rust
Order, a fourth-quadrant Incarnate—negative will targeting a
broad range—going so far as to slaughter not only the race participants but the many spectators in the Gallery.
The Acceleration Research Society’s intention was assumed to
have been to make widely known across the Accelerated World
the overwhelming power of dark Incarnate and make Burst Linkers more likely to reach out to the ISS kit, an Enhanced Armament that could easily be attached to the body.
In fact, Ash Roller’s junior avatar, Bush Utan, had turned to
Haruyuki and said, “IS mode has that kind of incredible power.
The ultimate power, skipping over all the rules of Brain Burst,
even.” And: “But this ISS kit makes even losers strong. Like the
more of a loser you are, the stronger you can get.”
The reason Utan had been overtaken by the ISS kit was because he had first had this awareness of that power. Put another
way, if forced parasitization were possible, then just as Chiyuri
noted, there would have been no need to carry out a demonstration like that during the race. If they simply challenged Burst
Linkers on the matching list one after another, they could have
easily succeeded in the Society’s objective of spreading the ISS
kits throughout the Accelerated World—although Haruyuki still
didn’t know what they were hoping to achieve with that.
Chocolat took this in and let out a long, deep sigh. “I, along
with my two comrades, also understood this to be the case. We
never sought out any suspicious power. It was enough for us to

simply protect our small box in a corner of the Accelerated
World. The truth is, I had no intention of going up any further
levels. Our desire was to dive all together once or twice a week
into the Unlimited Neutral Field, chat, feed Coolu, sit alongside
one another and wait for the Change, simply spending the time
like that…”
Chocolat hugged her knees tight, perhaps reliving sad, painful
memories, and continued.
“That is why when she appeared before us to invite us to accept the ISS kit, we flatly refused. Because we had heard that you
wouldn’t be parasitized by that black eyeball if you sincerely refused it. However—when we did so, she said, ‘Then you’ll need
surgery, hmm?’ and attacked us. There were three of us and two
of them, but we were basically no match for IS mode. They caught
Plum first. They cut her chest open with large scissors and put the
kit seed in.”
“S-scissors?!” Haruyuki felt a pinch in his memory.
But before he could actually dig into that memory, Chocolat
said, even more sorrowfully, “Seeing this, Mitten told me to escape through a portal and pull out their direct cables on the real
side. I ran desperately for the leave point at Sakurajosui Station,
returned to the real world, and pulled out the cables of the two
who had dived with me. However, by that point, Mitten had also
already fallen into their hands…but neither of them appeared
much different immediately after bursting out. They laughed and
said they hadn’t been parasitized by ISS kits. But…”
“…It was too late…?” Chiyuri asked in a quiet voice.
Chocolat hung her head deeply. “In the space of one night…the
next day…they were no longer the Mitten and Plum that I knew.
They urged me to accept an ISS kit as well. When I refused, they

said they were leaving the Legion. Since that day, they’ve been
her comrades, hunting small- and midsize Enemies in the Unlimited Neutral Field in Setagawa.”
“This ‘her,’ is it maybe”—Haruyuki timidly gave voice to the
name that had finally come back to him—“is it maybe a Burst
Linker called Magenta Scissor?”
Chocolat jerked her face up, only to drop her shoulders once
more before nodding. “Yes, it is. She was likely the first ISS kit
user in the Setagaya area. Now everyone other than me is already
on her side.”
Magenta Scissor.
Haruyuki had heard this name from the mouth of his best
friend and Legion comrade, Takumu Mayuzumi. Eight days earlier—on the night of Tuesday, June 18—Takumu had visited the
Setagaya area alone to get information on the ISS kits, and he had
been given the very item by Magenta Scissor. At that time, the kit
was in sealed card form, and Takumu had saved this in his storage. But the next day, June 19, he had been attacked by the most
fearsome PK group, Supernova Remnant, and to fight back, he
had activated the kit. That night, Haruyuki and Chiyuri went to
sleep while connected with Takumu, and by attacking the ISS kit
main body in the Brain Burst central server, they had just barely
managed to remove the kit terminal parasitizing Takumu.
However, that said, naturally, it wasn’t as though the kit’s disappearance had destroyed the source of reproduction, Magenta
Scissor’s kit. Scissor continued to distribute the kits in the Setagaya area until finally—he supposed—three days earlier, she had
attacked Chocolat and her Petit Paquet near the border of Suginami, where they had been living quietly.
“Then there aren’t any more Burst Linkers in Setagaya for Ma-

genta Scissor and them to target, so they’re hunting Enemies instead?” Haruyuki asked.
“That appears to be the case.” Chocolat assented once more.
“And it seems that even with the power of IS mode, opponents of
the Beast class and up are too much for them, so they’re only
hunting Wild and lesser classes. I…I begged and pleaded with the
changed Mitten and Plum to at least let Coolu live, but…”
Here, abruptly, a single transparent droplet spilled out of
Chocolat Puppeteer’s cherry eye lens.
“With every passing day, the two of them grew colder. And finally today, they said this to me: That if Coolu died, then I would
give up and also join Magenta Scissor. They said they and their
friends would come to hunt Coolu after school…which is why…
which is why I…”
Another tear spilled onto her chocolate cheek. Before it had a
chance to fall to the floor, Chiyuri reached out and gently embraced Chocolat.
“That’s why you’ve been waiting here all this time. To protect
Coolu…I’m sorry we scared you.”
There was no way he could also do something like hug Chocolat, so instead, Haruyuki bowed his head. “I-I’m sorry too. To
make up for it, we’ll help you. Let’s protect Coolu together.”
Even hearing this, Chocolat Puppeteer didn’t react right away.
Her shoulders continued to shake in Chiyuri’s arms for longer
than ten full seconds before she finally uttered, “I didn’t think I
could really protect Coolu. On the color wheel, I’m between yellow and red, more long-distance and indirect engagement—more
of a support type. But I…I do have a means of an absolute direct
attack that I can use against only Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper,
my former friends.”

Haruyuki wasn’t immediately able to grasp the meaning of
this, but from Chocolat’s tense air, he caught her true intention.
Chiyuri seemed to realize it at the same time. “Judgment Blow?”
they murmured together.
Chocolat nodded very slightly and continued feebly, “In the
Legion Master quest, we all worked together and took on the
challenge, but the one who obtained the clear item…was me. Mitten and Plum have already left the Legion, but for one month, I
have the right to judge them. I think that’s my only choice now.
Not to protect Coolu, but to save them. They’re parasitized by the
ISS kits, and it is having an effect on their real personalities, too.”
“…”
An attack on Carbuncle by three or four people was something
that could be fended off with the help of Haruyuki and Chiyuri.
But it was impossible to get rid of the ISS kits parasitizing Chocolat’s friends with an attack inside the Accelerated World. Last
Thursday, Haruyuki had witnessed ISS kit users attacking Ash
Roller and Bush Utan, members of the Green Legion, in this very
Unlimited Neutral Field. Spurred on by a dizzying rage, he had
summoned the Armor of Catastrophe that lay sleeping in his
avatar and fought the six kit users. In the middle of that battle,
Haruyuki had ripped out the kit parasitizing one of his enemies
and crushed it.
A strange light had escaped from the destroyed “red eyeball,”
and he had chased after it to its destination, Tokyo Midtown
Tower, guarded by the Archangel Metatron—but the light that
had fled was itself most likely the core of the ISS kits. Even
though the eyeball was crushed, the kit hadn’t disappeared. If
they were going to resolve the situation with offensive power in
the Accelerated World, their only option was to hit what was
thought to be the kit main body that existed on the top floor of
Midtown Tower.

And if that was the case, then maybe the only option was to
use the Judgment Blow to liberate Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper
from their ISS kits, just like Chocolat said. But—that was a final
solution and at the same time a tragic conclusion. Because Burst
Linkers who lost Brain Burst also lost all memories related to the
Accelerated World.
Unable to find anything to say, Haruyuki simply and intently
clenched his hands together. In his heart, one thought alone spun
round and round: If only I’d mastered the Theoretical Mirror
ability already. Then maybe, right about now, the seven Legions
would be cooperatively carrying out the Metatron mission and
trying to destroy the ISS kit main body. And then, if they succeeded, Chocolat Puppeteer wouldn’t have to be suffering like
this…
Wait. The thing I should really be yelled at for is my lack of
imagination. Even though I found out however many days ago
that the ISS kits were spreading through Arakawa, Koto, and
then Setagawa, I acted like it was someone else’s problem. I figured they were empty areas, so it was still okay. The thought
never crossed my mind that there were Burst Linkers suffering
there, too. I just selfishly kept thinking we’d figure something out
before it got to Suginami and Nerima.
“Sorry. I’m sorry, Chocolat…I…If only I’d—,” he squeezed out,
unthinkingly.
“Crow.” Chiyuri snapped her right hand up to cut him off.
“This is a bad habit of yours. Making everything your own fault,
and on top of that, thinking that it’s already too late,” she asserted
curtly.
“B-but”—he raised his eyes a little—“if I hadn’t been dragging
my feet…”

“You’ve been doing everything you can! And there’s still work
you can do. Chocolat, you too; it’s too soon to give up. I’ve got an
idea.”
Just as Haruyuki had guessed, the university that sat in this place
in the real world had a neighboring affiliated high school and junior high. Chocolat Puppeteer and the two former members of
her Legion were students at the middle school. The temples of
varying sizes that stood in this part of the Sacred Ground stage
were school facilities—in other words, Chocolat knew the terrain
of this area very well. But so did their attackers, Mint Mitten and
Plum Flipper. It would be hard to hide in a temple for an ambush.
There was also the risk of being on the receiving end of a surprise
attack and having to fight in a free-for-all in close quarters.
Naturally, their attackers wouldn’t know that Haruyuki and
Chiyuri had joined forces with Chocolat. It might have been effective to use Chocolat as bait and then have Haruyuki and Chiyuri
launch a surprise attack. But they couldn’t use that method now.
Because the strategy that Chiyuri had come up with required
them to fight openly, head-on.
“I’m telling you, we don’t have to wait for the enemy in the
middle of the grounds,” grumbled Haruyuki, a big lover of surprise attacks.
“Don’t keep complaining after you’ve already agreed!” Chiyuri
jabbed him lightly in the side. “Your job is to defend against any
long-distance attacks from their side, Crow, so make sure you actually keep watch!”
“R-right.” He nodded, but…
Waiting for other Burst Linkers in the Unlimited Neutral Field
was a matter of intense patience. Even if, for instance, you managed to narrow down your opponent’s dive time to within five

minutes, that could end up being as much as five thousand minutes on this side: over three days.
And the preliminary attack warning Chocolat’s former comrades had given her was “today after school.” From a general perspective, that could have been a span of several hours, but having
known the two Burst Linkers for many years, Chocolat had apparently narrowed it down somewhat to the thirty minutes between six o’clock and six thirty. Approximately twenty days inside. She had been planning to wait, earnestly and intently, that
entire overly long time. In fact, eleven days had already passed by
the time she ran into Haruyuki and Chiyuri. She had absolutely
no idea at what point in time the attackers might appear during
the remaining nine days.
Put in this position, Haruyuki keenly felt the tremendousness
of the deceleration ability of the jet-black layered avatar who
called himself the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society. If you could drop the speed of perception to a 1:1 ratio with
the real world while diving in the Unlimited Neutral Field, it
would be a fairly simple thing to lie in wait for other Burst Linkers and attack. But, of course, he couldn’t be envious of a power
that relied on the illegal BIC—brain implant chip.
In the Accelerated World, if you tried to acquire something,
compensation of equal value to that thing was required. A very
long standby time was one of those—and the Burst Linkers who
obtained incredible power via the ISS kits were definitely losing
something precious inside themselves.
Haruyuki had come now to Sakurajosui in the Setagaya area
here with the aim of acquiring the Theoretical Mirror ability. He
had come to have the rare laser-attack Enemy Lava Carbuncle be
his partner in special training, but Chiyuri had spent three days
here already to find this partner. No matter how many days they
ended up waiting, this was not the time for Haruyuki to throw in

the towel. This was even more true now that they’d met the Burst
Linker who called Carbuncle a friend, heard her sad story, and
been treated to hot cocoa.
“It’s okay. I’ll make sure to keep watch, so you two just rest
now, while you can,” Haruyuki said.
Chiyuri and Chocolat next to her blinked their eye lenses in
surprise and then, for some reason, giggled at the same time.
“Wh-what are you laughing for?”
“It’s just, like—you’re saying stuff that just doesn’t suit you.”
“You are putting on airs a little.”
“Tch…” Unconsciously, he hung his head and then hurriedly
brought his gaze back up.
They were standing by in the middle of the university grounds
where Haruyuki and Chiyuri had first encountered Lava Carbuncle. Coolu, the Enemy in question, had withdrawn to a midsize
temple it used as a nest. In the real world, the building was apparently the university co-op store, where they sold all kinds of
sweets. (Although Haruyuki didn’t think this had any connection
with that.)
A large school building rose up on the northern side of the
grounds, while Coolu’s nest was on the east side, so it was the
south and west sides that were open. If the ISS kit users were
going to come at them, it would be from one of those directions.
Haruyuki glared that way, but he also had one more important
clue as to the direction of their approach: the energy crystals
floating all over the Sacred Ground stage. To come across one of
these and pass by without smashing it required almost inhuman
restraint. Just like Haruyuki had, players would simply punch
them on their way past, even if their special-attack gauge was full.

And the crystals made a particular sound when they were broken.
Thus, Haruyuki split his concentration between his vision and
his hearing. Would a human form cutting blackly through the
milky white sky be first? Or would he hear the bell-like sound of
destruction first?
Still on guard, he glanced to his side and saw that at some
point, Lime Bell and Chocolat Puppeteer had sat down on the
ground, back-to-back. Both of their heads were hanging, and
given that neither of them was moving an inch, they appeared to
have somehow fallen asleep.
He was the one who had told them to rest, but even so, he
grinned wryly at how easily they had dropped off. But he soon
wiped the smile from his face. Chiyuri had spent three days looking for an Enemy with a laser for him, and Chocolat had already
been on a continuous dive in this field for eleven days. It was no
wonder they were both tired.
Have a good sleep, you two, he mouthed silently, and once
again he took up his stance on guard.
About four hours after they had started on standby, the enemy
still hadn’t appeared, and Haruyuki was enduring a de-buff that
came from within—hunger. It was true that his actual body in the
real world was starving, but those signals shouldn’t be able to
transmit to the Accelerated World. So the hunger was a fake that
his brain—no, his spirit was selfishly creating. He knew it was a
fake, but that didn’t make the sensation of his avatar’s stomach
tightening up go away.
If he had known this was what would happen, he would have
eaten a double order of the chocolate gelato at Enjiya. And he
would have added miniwaffles to the top.
Thoughts like this rolling through his mind, he pressed his

hands against his stomach, and then he saw something flash in
the corner of his vision: a shiny, burned brown. His eyes moved
that way as if sucked in to see the armor skirt of Chocolat Puppeteer, asleep with her legs out to one side. The more he looked,
the more it seemed like the wonderful color of chocolate.
The color of normal duel avatars came in a wide range and variety, but the material was basically the same. Not plastic, not
glass, and of course, not metal—a hard crystal. Chocolat would
have been no exception to this rule; the armor of her entire body
was an inorganic substance that was only the color of chocolate.
Haruyuki understood this in his head.
But as someone who had been eating chocolate ice cream at
Enjiya’s for many years, his instincts were telling him this kind of
texture was not possible with a fake. Of course, he couldn’t exactly bite into it to make sure, but if he cautiously tried touching
it a little with a finger…
“What are you doing?”
Suddenly, he heard a murmured voice near his ear, and with a
jump, Haruyuki yanked back the left hand he’d started to extend.
Timidly shifting his gaze, he saw that the light-pink eye lenses of
Chocolat, who he had assumed was asleep, were shining with a
reproachful light. He almost shouted immediately, “Nothing at
all!” but if he woke Chiyuri—who was sleeping against the girl’s
back—things would get dire.
“Uh, um. I just couldn’t help wondering whether that chocolate color was real,” Haruyuki replied in a quiet voice, still off balance.
Chocolat let out a sigh. “Nearly every Burst Linker who meets
me says the same thing. Even my parent, Mint, and my child,
Plum—that was the first thing either of them said to me in the Ac-

celerated World.”
“I-it was…I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you remember.”
“There’s really no need for you to apologize,” Chocolat said
curtly, and then, for some reason, she raised her left hand and
thrust it in Haruyuki’s face.

“Huh…?”
“Go ahead. Please confirm it for yourself.”
“Wh-what?!”
“I’d simply prefer it if you understood in advance, rather than
getting curious about my armor during the battle and losing your
focus.”
“R-right.” Given the go-ahead, Haruyuki couldn’t hold back
anymore. “Okay then, I’ll accept your kind offer.” He brought his
face closer to Chocolat’s left hand. The lower part of his visor slid
up automatically, and his exposed bare mouth clamped down
around the slender index and middle fingers.
Instantly, Chocolat shuddered with an “Eep!”
But Haruyuki’s mind was basically taken over by the “flavor”
spreading out in his mouth, and so he was unconscious to Chocolat’s reaction. Moderately sweet, slightly bitter, highly fragrant:
the perfect chocolate flavor, and far more delicious than the liquid of the Chocolate Fountain he had tasted a little while before.
This flavor, right, it was the finest Belgian couverture chocolate…
“Excuse— I…I meant that you could taste the back of my
hand.” Stammering, Chocolat tried to pull her fingers out, but
this did not work with Haruyuki at the peak of his hunger. He
licked at the avatar’s fingers again, dreaming of biscuit sticks covered in chocolate, and it felt as though his dreadfully painful
pangs of hunger were gradually eased.
“Nngh…! Y-you must have understood by now.” A faint voice
slipping out of her, Chocolat twisted her body, and the motion
knocked Lime Bell, sleeping up against her back.

“Nyah…” Chiyuri lifted her face and looked back to witness
Haruyuki’s act—and just as she was on the verge of doing so…
Kashak! The faint, distant sound touched Haruyuki’s hearing.
“……!!”
His mind instantly switched gears, and he took his mouth off
Chocolat’s fingers and stood up. His visor had no sooner closed
again than he was calling out sharply in a quiet voice, “Chocolat,
Bell, they’re here!”
Immediately, the faces of both Chocolat Puppeteer, holding
her left hand and panting, and Lime Bell, watching this curiously
with sleepy eyes, stiffened.
“Where?” Quickly getting to her feet, Chiyuri surveyed their
surroundings. “I can’t see them.”
“I heard a crystal breaking. Southwest. Probably about a hundred meters away.”
“There’s a passage there that goes between the university and
the high school. If they come in through the gate and not over the
wall, they’ll be approaching here from the west. And, Silver
Crow?”
Haruyuki reflexively shrank back. Naturally, he assumed he
would be censured for his previous act, but Chocolat settled with
simply glaring at him and then quickly saying, “My name does
take quite some time, so when you call me, you can simply
shorten Chocolat to Choco.”
“Oh, then you should call me Bell.”
“J-just call me Crow.”

Chocolat nodded lightly at their responses and turned her face
away. “All right, understood. They’re coming.”
Haruyuki shifted his gaze to the west once more at basically
the same time as several figures assembled on the roof of a singlestory temple. Four.
“Four, huh?”
“And one of them is excessively large, hmm?”
They were still some distance away, so Haruyuki and his defenders couldn’t make out color or shape, but even still, they
could clearly see that the one on the far right was a very large
avatar.
Bigger than Cyan Pile—no, Frost Horn, even, Haruyuki
thought.
“The two on the left are Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper,”
Chocolat murmured in a strained voice. Even from this distance,
she could identify her longtime friends. So then the two on the
right, including the large avatar, must be Burst Linkers given ISS
kits by Magenta Scissor, or—
“Both of you, get down!” Haruyuki made Chiyuri and Chocolat
step back while he himself took a step forward. He saw the large
one on the right and the two on the left all raise a hand at the
same time. He had seen this motion before.
Dark Shot.
He didn’t know if their voices actually reached him, but
Haruyuki distinctly heard the technique name in his ears.
Against the backdrop of the pure, pearl-white sky, their three
hands were enveloped in a dark, sinister aura. This concentrated

in the centers of their palms and built up for a moment before becoming ink-black beams and gushing out.
By that time, Haruyuki was already shouting, arms crossed in
front of him: “Laser Sword!!”
Shkeeenk! The crisp sound rang out, and swords of silver light
expanded in an X shape.
The dark beams, now fused into one, reached him, slamming
into the intersection of the blades stretching out from his arms.
The pressure pushed him back about twenty centimeters over
the arabesque patterns of the ground. But Crow stopped there
and roared, “Unh…aaaaaah!”
He yanked his arms down sharply to the sides. The dark beam
scattered and dispersed, melting into the atmosphere of the stage
before disappearing.
Dark Shot was one of the two techniques possible when an ISS
kit user activated IS mode. “IS mode” was short for “Incarnate
System mode.” Just as the name suggested, this was not a normal
special attack but rather an Incarnate attack.
A trained imagination flowed into the Image Control circuit of
the Brain Burst program, normally a supporting system, and
caused an overwrite. This was the logic of an Incarnate attack. Although it was called an overwrite, the power of it basically rendered the normal defensive abilities of a duel avatar ineffective.
The reasoning was that you could only handle an Incarnate attack
with another Incarnate attack. Of course, this sort of attack was
extremely difficult to obtain. To master just one of the four basic
techniques—power expansion, range expansion, defense expansion, movement expansion—required many long hours of training
in the Unlimited Neutral Field.

But simply by equipping it, a kit user gained the range-expansion technique Dark Shot and the power-expansion technique
Dark Blow. Both were basic techniques, but with the two together, the user had all-purpose attack power. If the user
launched the punch and laser, both impossible to defend against
—and both of which had no connection with the special-attack
gauge—in succession, there was no way for a midlevel Burst
Linker without an Incarnate attack to resist.
Haruyuki had mastered the Incarnate attack Laser Sword
under the guidance of his master, Sky Raker, but the category was
range expansion, and the power was basically a normal thrusting
attack plus a little extra. It wasn’t suited to defensive use, and on
top of that, the Dark Shot launched by the enemy group contained the power of three people. But even so, Haruyuki believed
he would absolutely not be pushed back by this technique. As if
they could beat him.
“Shoot as many times as you want—it’s no use!!” Haruyuki
shouted toward the attackers lined up fifty meters away, the overlay of his Incarnate still lodged in both arms. “I’ll watch this technique any number of times, repel it any number of times! As if
I’m scared of a technique that never evolves!”
The “any number of times” was a bit of an exaggeration, but
this was a fact, at any rate. However, Haruyuki had repelled Dark
Shot when he was transformed into the sixth Chrome Disaster,
and now that he had sealed away the armor, his defensive power
had dropped significantly.
Nevertheless, in a battle using the Incarnate System, simply
taking a thought to the extreme had serious meaning. When it
came down to a conflict between overwrites, in the end, it was a
fight pitting the strength of different imaginations against one
another. The Dark Shots he had knocked back left and right when
he was Disasterfied had strengthened the image in Haruyuki’s

mind.
In contrast, the techniques of the kit users were not thus
strengthened, because the sources of their techniques were not in
their hearts but rather in the foreign objects parasitizing their
avatars. Haruyuki was proclaiming that truth, but it seemed that
this was not understood by their attackers; three of them raised
their right hands once more.
“I’m telling you, it’s pointless!!” Now, Haruyuki took on an attack posture. He readied his left arm in front of his body and
drew his right arm back at shoulder height, a motion that
strongly resembled the Black King Incarnate attack, Vorpal
Strike.
“Dark Shot.” This time, the lifeless sound of the technique
name being called faintly reached him.
He howled his battle cry to overwrite that voice: “Laser
Lance!!”
Wrapped up to the shoulder in silver light, he thrust his right
arm forward with all his might, and the dazzling, shining Incarnate lance was launched with a metallic roar. It collided violently
with the three black beams pressing in on him, and a spray of
light and dark danced and fought each other.
Too far…?! No, it’ll reach!! Haruyuki clenched his teeth and
mustered up every bit of image power inside him.
If the Laser Sword he had used before had been a combat technique that expanded and contracted at high speed, a sword of
light from either hand, then this Laser Lance was a mid-range attack that took time to launch compressed light from his right
hand as a lance. The range in which it maintained 100 percent of
its power was at present limited to twenty meters, and the power
weakened dramatically after that.

The lance was already stretched out twenty-five meters, so it
was fair to say that it was at its limit for practical distance. But
ever since Kuroyukihime had informed him of the existence of a
second stage for the Incarnate attack—the practical technique—
he had been working independently on different kinds of tricks.
There were two types of practical techniques. A “composite attack,” with two or more of the four basic attributes, and a “special
attack,” which did not fit in with any attribute. In order to cover
the long-distance fighting that Silver Crow was so poor at,
Haruyuki had explored ways to further expand the range of his
Laser Lance. The answer he had reached after countless failures
was to cut the Lance with his Sword.
“Nngh…aaah!” A low cry slipping out, he pulled his fully extended right arm back bit by bit. The image of the lance trying to
charge forward stretched like rubber. Once his right hand returned to his shoulder, the elasticity of the lance reached its limit.
In that instant, a short sword of light was lodged in his left hand,
readied in front of his chest.
“Go!” With a brief shout, he severed the lance of his right hand
at the base with the sword of his left hand.
Zwwank! The air shook, and the now-freed lance of light shot
forward with incredible speed. It sent the aggressive jet-black
beam scattering in all directions, just like in the previous skirmish, and then closed in on the aggressors, as if following the
beam’s trajectory backward.
However, the technique—which Haruyuki had secretly named
Laser Javelin—had a weak point: its hit precision would worsen
from logic overpowering it. The lance carved out a faint arc in the
air and plunged into the roof of the low temple the four enemies
were standing on. After a pause, a flash whiter than the temple itself erupted and ripped a giant hole in the building.

Here, finally, two of the attackers—Mint Mitten on the right,
and Plum Flipper standing to the left—looked shaken, albeit
slightly. They’d probably never had their IS mode technique repelled and counterattacked to this extent before. Their silhouettes, small like Chocolat’s, crept backward.
Yet, the tall avatar with her arms crossed threw her right hand
up into the air, essentially ignoring Haruyuki’s counterattack.
Perhaps she had a sword-shaped weapon; the long, sharp tip
checked the movement of the two starting to retreat. Here, likely
having been given some instruction, the four enemy avatars
jumped down from the temple that was starting to crumble to the
ground and began to slowly walk toward Haruyuki and his comrades.
“Crow, that was really something.”
“I’d like to say I expected nothing less.”
Chiyuri and then Chocolat murmured from behind him.
“This is just starting, guys,” Haruyuki replied in a quiet voice.
“Or rather, now it’s you two—Bell, Chocolat…er, Choco—taking
the lead now. I’m counting on you.”
“Yup! Leave it to us!”
“Indeed.”
Even during this quick exchange, the four attackers continued
walking directly toward them. The two on the left still moved
rather awkwardly, but the tall avatar next to them—the apparent
leader—and the super-large avatar on the far right held their
heads high as they strode toward Haruyuki and his friends.
Once they had gotten about five meters away, the leader raised
her right hand again. Everyone stopped.

At this distance, he could pick out the details of their duel
avatars. Standing on the far left was an F-type with big gloves on
both hands, large boots on both feet. The armor of her body, including a head part reminiscent of a knit hat, was a bright mint
green. She was probably Mint Mitten.
The F-type next to her had shoulders, waist, and elbows enveloped by popping spherical armor. She wore a round hat on her
head, and her coloring was a muted reddish-purple. This had to
be Plum Flipper.
Both of them were small, cute avatars with the same air as
Chocolat Puppeteer. However, their cuteness was significantly
damaged by the crimson eyeball attached to their chests—the ISS
kit. While the eyeball emitted a powerful light like it was starving,
the glittering in their own eye lenses was empty. They seemed to
recognize Chocolat standing behind Haruyuki—their friend until
a few days ago—as nothing more than a target for destruction.
The interference of the kit is getting stronger, Haruyuki
thought to himself. He remembered that when Bush Utan was
parasitized, he had basically kept his original personality even
three days in. In contrast, despite the fact that Mint and Plum
had been parasitized a similar three days, their appearances were
already those of automatons.
Since the ISS kit terminals were synchronized through the
main body enshrined at Midtown Tower every night, the more of
them there were, the greater their influence over those who
equipped them. Without exaggeration, this was a race against
time. Digesting this, Haruyuki turned his eyes on the tall avatar,
who was apparently the leader, standing to the right of Mint and
Plum.
She was tall, but her torso and limbs were as slender as Silver
Crow’s. Her entire body was covered with a film-type armor so

that she looked like she was wrapped in bandages. Other than her
mouth, her face was completely hidden, so it was hard to discern
her gender. But from the lines of her body and the air about her,
she was probably an F-type. In each hand, she held a strangely
shaped weapon. They were probably in the sword category, but
the single blades were extremely tapered, and the space between
the blade and the grip was excessively long. The grip was incorporated into an enormous knuckle guard, making a distorted circular shape. The color of her armor was a bright reddish-purple.
And then the last avatar—a figure that could only be said to be
bizarre. It was very large and much taller than even the reddishpurple leader; probably two and a half meters tall. It was also at
least a meter wide. And its round, dark-green body had nothing
in the way of a neck or a waist, but simply tapered slightly at the
top. In other words, it was essentially a perfect egg shape. If it
hadn’t been for the short arms and legs sticking out from the
sides and bottom, alongside the eye lenses shining yellow, it
wouldn’t have looked like a duel avatar at all. Even the ISS kit attached to the center of the oblong body looked ridiculously small.
During the time when Haruyuki and his comrades were
quickly inspecting the enemy group, their adversaries were doing
the same thing to them. The reddish-purple leader pulled the corners of her mouth—the only part of her face not covered by the
film-type armor—into a grin. “That silver and the shiny head—so
you’d be the Corvus of Nega Nebulus, hmm? Then the yellowishgreen one behind you’s the Witch. These are some unexpected
guests, but we are glad to have you. Welcome to Setagaya area.”

From her husky voice and tone, he instinctively knew his opponent to be a slightly older girl. This was the type of duel opponent
he was worst with, but he couldn’t shrink now. Haruyuki focused
his strength within his abdomen.
“And you must be Magenta Scissor,” he declared, certain from
her color and attitude. But then his confidence disappeared
abruptly, and he muttered, “Wait, no, was it Magenta Scissors…”
Although he felt Chiyuri sighing behind him, this wasn’t the
time to turn around and get her to tell him. He was pretty sure
this should have been Scissor, but if that meant the office supply
for cutting paper, he had a memory of learning in English class
that it absolutely had to be in the plural, “Scissors.”
If it had been a regular duel field, her name would have shown
up under her health gauge, Haruyuki agonized.
The magenta avatar smiled bewitchingly once more. “Scissor
is right for me. I’ll tell you why, so don’t add that s ever again. I
totally hate those English words that are two things when they’re
one thing.”
“Like shoes and pants?” he said, inadvertently drawn in, and
Magenta Scissor nodded sharply.
“Right, exactly. Like chopsticks and stuff.” She chuckled as she
continued. “I mean, it’s acting like these things have no value on
their own. A single shoe, a lone chopstick. Don’t you think that’s
terrible? The second they’re not a pair anymore, no matter how
beautiful they are, how untouched, they end up in the garbage.”
Not comprehending what she was trying to say, Haruyuki fell
silent.
“Does this have anything to do with the fact that you’re going

around handing out—no, forcibly infecting Burst Linkers in the
Setagaya area with ISS kits?” Chiyuri snapped on his behalf from
behind him.
The reddish-purple avatar moved her head, wrapped with
winding ribbon armor, and laughed again. “If I had to say, it
does…maybe? Once I give this to every Burst Linker, one concept
of a pair that I hate so much will disappear from the Accelerated
World. Because if everyone’s using the same techniques, then tagteam compatibility becomes meaningless, after all.”
“D-duels without any personality like that won’t be fun at all!”
Chiyuri shouted.
Magenta spread out her hands, clutching the strange swords,
and shook her head in exasperation. “They’re fun because they
have personality? So then what about the Burst Linkers who were
born with the kind of individuality that everybody sneers at, the
kind they hate? What are they supposed to do? Like Avocado
Avoider here?” She passed her left wrist through the ring-shaped
grip of her sword and gently stroked the dark-green egg avatar
with her now-free hand. When she did, the body—so large they
had to look up at it—shuddered slightly, and a low purring voice
came from somewhere unknown in that body.
The avatars generated automatically by the Brain Burst program came in all shapes and sizes, to the point where they had essentially nothing in common other than a roughly human shape.
Inevitably, the great majority of Burst Linkers ended up with
avatars with a cool or cute design, or with avatars that were the
exact opposite. And unfortunately, in the Accelerated World as in
the real world, the tendency for the former to be more popular
and the latter to be the opposite was seriously pronounced.
“It can’t be everyone doing that,” Haruyuki said, before
Chiyuri had the chance to reply.

“You’re right there, too, aren’t you, Magenta? From the way
you’re talking, you guys were comrades before the ISS kits came
out, right?”
“Unfortunately, you’re wrong. I met Avocado very recently.
Only just having become a Burst Linker, he was the target of a
group attack by several people and was on the verge of total point
loss. One of the people attacking him was his own parent. He was
cackling, saying how he didn’t want a creepy child like this.”
When Haruyuki and his comrades were at a loss for words, a
rumbling groan slipped out of the massive green body. Whether
he liked it or not, Haruyuki was forced to understand that this
was not a voice of anger, but of sadness.
“I challenged Avocado when he was in a place where it’d all be
over if he lost one more time and gave him an ISS kit. You
should’ve seen him turn the tables after that. Those guys really
were out of luck that they canceled the limit on the number of
times they could be challenged with their Legion member privilege. Half of them were at total point loss. Including Avocado’s
parent. So? Can you still say a Burst Linker needs personality?
Can you actually believe it’s natural that there are Linkers anyone
would pair up with and Linkers no one will join?” Hand still on
Avocado’s side, Magenta shrugged lightly.
The entirely unexpected question thrust at him, Haruyuki
could only fall silent once more. He thought that Magenta Scissor
was wrong, bringing the idea of winning and losing teams into
the Accelerated World. But at the same time, it was a fact that
when he first saw Avocado Avoider, his impression was “different, weird.” At that moment, Haruyuki hadn’t thought of Avocado
as a fellow Burst Linker, but only as a monster to be defeated.
Breaking the silence was Chocolat Puppeteer, who’d been
silent up to then. “Pushing his parent to total point loss…I won-

der if that was really Avocado’s will?”
“What do you mean, Cocoa, hon?”
Faced with Magenta, broad grin still on her face, the small
chocolate-colored avatar took a resolute step forward. “The ISS
kit doesn’t just take away a Burst Linker’s individuality. It also
steals the user’s kindness and empathy and gives them hate in
their place. Even if, hypothetically, everything went according to
your plan and all the Burst Linkers were kit users, unfairness and
alienation wouldn’t disappear from the Accelerated World! Absolutely not!”
“How can you say that, hmm? Your friends understand, you
know, Cocoa? They get that instead of locking themselves up in a
little box, it’s way more fun to get stronger, get fighting power,
and change the world.”
“That’s a lie!! That’s your—that’s what you want! You’re simply forcibly infecting other Burst Linkers with this desire! And
one more thing: The only people allowed to call me Cocoa are
Min-Min and Pliko!!”
The end of this was a tear-filled shriek.
It seemed like Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper, who were standing lifelessly behind Magenta, shook slightly upon hearing this.
But immediately after that, the eyeballs pasted to their chests
flared with a red light, and the eye lenses of the two girls became
empty once more.
“It’s too bad, Chocolat Puppeteer. In the end, I guess I have no
choice but to operate on you, too,” Magenta Scissor said in an increasingly cold voice, removing her hand from Avocado. She
twirled the sword hanging from her wrist and grabbed it once
more. The sharp, tapered end glittered coldly. “Silver Crow, Lime
Bell. If you sit and watch quietly, I won’t do anything to you. I

only came with one kit seed, anyway. But if you get in my way,
we’ll kill you over and over and over until we get bored of it, you
know?”
Haruyuki reflexively called the surrounding terrain to mind.
From the university here to the portal at Sakurajosui Station
wedged along Aratama Suido Road was about eight hundred meters as the crow flies. He could make it there with his wings in a
single bound, but if the fighting power of Magenta Scissor and
her gang far exceeded his expectations, it was a little far for all
three of them to retreat together. However, Chocolat Puppeteer
probably wouldn’t try to run. She was prepared to free her friends
from the control of the ISS kits with the Judgment Blow, even if it
meant being killed over and over and losing all her points.
Their one hope to avoid this tragic end was the Mint and Plum
Recovery Mission drafted by Chiyuri. And the possibility of this
mission succeeding rested on whether or not they could defeat
Magenta Scissor and Avocado Avoider while leaving the other two
alive.
It was a fact that Avocado’s past as recounted by Magenta did
move his heart. But faced with him in this situation, there was no
road other than fighting, not due to hatred, but in order to talk to
each other through the duel—the very meaning of a Burst
Linker’s existence.
“Sorry, but we can’t just stand by and watch,” Haruyuki declared. “We have our own reason we have to fight you.”
“Oh?” Smile still on her face, Magenta cocked her head slightly
to one side. “And what’s that?”
“Don’t tell me you forgot you parasitized our precious comrade
with an ISS kit last week.”
“Oh, Cyan Pile, right? And I had high hopes for him, too. I

mean, a change of heart in the middle of syncing and then attacking the main body—that was disappointing. You’re barking up the
wrong tree complaining about that to me. After all, Cyan was the
one who came all the way to Setagaya wanting the kit, you know?
All I did was give it to him as a present in card form, just like he
wanted.”
“Even if you did, you had to have known. That even if it was
sealed in card form, the kit would whisper to the owner’s mind
and tempt them into equipping it. You’ve probably experienced
that yourself, haven’t you?”
“…”
At this from Haruyuki, the smile vanished from Magenta’s
lips. She raised the bizarre swords dangling from each of her
hands and lightly brought the points together with a clink. “I’m a
bit offended by that. I accepted this of my own free will. In order
to remake the Accelerated World into what it should be.”
When Magenta slowly opened the swords crossed in front of
her to both sides, almost as if that was a signal, part of the ribbon
armor wrapped around her chest peeled away. The crimson-red
eye snapping open on the surface of her exposed avatar body was,
of course, the same ISS kit that Mint and the others had attached
to their chests. But for this one, the coloring, so reminiscent of
blood, was darker, and the eyeball was also a size bigger. Because
Magenta’s face was hidden under the layers of ribbon wrapped
around it, it almost looked like the kit was her own eye. After this
eye, inorganic and yet clearly hate-filled, glanced at Haruyuki and
his comrades, Magenta declared coldly, “I guess we’re going to
have to make you disappear, after all, hmm? And if you two are
gone from the Accelerated World, Cyan’ll probably come back to
me, too.”
It had to have been more than ten days since the ISS kit had

taken up residence in her body, and yet it appeared that she had
almost completely retained her self; did that mean the power of
her will was incredibly strong?
Banishing the fear that threatened to rise up in him, Haruyuki
shouted, “A-as if that’s going to happen! No matter what, he’ll
never come back to you again!”
“Well then, let’s test that theory. I’m getting pretty tired of
chatting already. Just as you wished, I’ll be your opponent. Mint,
Plum, the two of you take Lime Bell. Avocado, you can eat Chocolat.”
Haruyuki and his comrades were startled by this last order,
and in that moment of stunned surprise, Magenta Scissor brandished the sword of her right hand high—and then dropped it
sharply. The two former members of Petit Paquet to her left and
Avocado Avoider on her right started to move.
“Bell! Choco! Just like we planned!”
“Leave it to us!”
“Absolutely!”
Haruyuki and his team exchanged quick words and then
started to act. First, Chocolat thrust both hands out in front of
her.
“Cocoa Fountain!!”
Together with the call of the technique name, pink light
poured down in a broad range from her ten fingers. With a burbling sound, large amounts of chocolate gushed out of the
ground. This spread out and covered a diameter of thirty meters
of the field, and Mint, Plum, and Avocado got their feet caught
and staggered.

“Tch!” Clicking her tongue, Magenta Scissor leapt back and
then stepped even farther back, avoiding the pool of chocolate—
more like a chocolate lake, actually.
Naturally, Haruyuki too was within the effective range of
Chocolat’s technique, but he had used his wings as she activated
it and so was hovering ten or so centimeters above the ground.
Behind him, Bell and Chocolat also retreated to get some distance and immediately got to work on the next part of the plan.
Bell brandished the Choir Chime of her left hand and whirled it in
large circles. “Citron Call!”
She swung it down. Accompanied by the tinkling of a bell, the
Chime’s light zeroed in on Chocolat, standing beside Bell. The
brown avatar had broken an energy crystal before the arrival of
their enemies to charge her special-attack gauge and had then
used up that charge for the full-power Cocoa Fountain, but now,
thanks to the effect of Citron Call Mode I, which rewound the status of the target in units of seconds, her special-attack gauge was
replenished once more.
No sooner was it fully charged than Chocolat was calling out
her second technique. “Puppet Make!!”
Snap! She turned four fingers toward the chocolate lake. The
smooth milk chocolate surface bulged up in four places, and the
now-familiar chocolate puppets—Chocopets—jumped up from
within. Two of them flew at Mint and Plum, while the other two
headed toward Avocado to surround the enemy avatars. With
their feet caught up in the chocolate on the ground, the enemy
was unable to move freely.
Long/midrange duel avatar Chocolat Puppeteer had the ability
first to make chocolate bubble up in the field with the prerequisite technique of Cocoa Fountain, which also hindered enemy

movement. And then with her special attack Puppet Make, she
could create automatic combat dolls from that chocolate pond
and make them attack specific targets.
The scale of the chocolate pond and the number of Chocopets
were determined by the number of fingers she held up when activating the techniques. With ten fingers, she could create a chocolate pond thirty meters in diameter, but that completely exhausted her fully charged special-attack gauge. Which meant, essentially, that if she created the biggest pond possible, she
couldn’t call any Chocopets until she charged her gauge once
more. But when working in combination with Citron Call, she
could smash through that limit.
Although the chocolate pond was 40 percent smaller after the
creation of four Chocopets, it was still more than large enough to
hold the feet of Mint Mitten and the others.
Haruyuki first confirmed that step one of their strategy had
succeed and then shouted, “You guys take Avocado! I’m going
after Magenta!”
He spread his wings and flew at top speed, skimming the surface of the sticky-sweet pond. He slipped between Avocado and
Plum and closed in on Magenta Scissor beyond them.
“This is some seriously cheeky action!” The reddish-purple
avatar readied her swords to meet Haruyuki. The thick blades
glittered and glinted, but he charged forward regardless. Of the
metal colors, Silver Crow’s antiphysical defenses were on the low
side, but even so, his resistance to severing attacks was higher
than the average regular color. He caught the swords that sliced
down from both sides at the same time with the armor on his
upper body.
Skreeek! A high-pitched metallic screech sawed into his ears,

and bright sparks shot out, lighting up the armor of both fighters.
Of course, he couldn’t escape from this unscathed; the health
gauge in the top left of his field of view dropped the tiniest bit, a
few pixels, but he ignored it and flapped his wings as hard as he
could.
“Aaaaah!!”
As if pushed back by Haruyuki’s roar, Magenta Scissor’s feet
floated up. Not letting this chance get away, he started in on another charge, still at close range. Cutting directly across the
grounds, he shoved her back to the temple where she and her
team had first appeared. Magenta crashed thunderously into the
wall right beside the hole Haruyuki had opened up with his Laser
Javelin. Her body half-embedded in the white wall, a groan escaped her lips.
Using the reactive force to get a little distance from her,
Haruyuki began another rush on his opponent to settle this
match before she managed to pull herself back together.
“Hngaaah!”
Barely touching the ground, his Aerial Combo—which used the
instantaneous thrust of both wings to launch both hands and feet
at her over and over—ripped into Magenta, and she was steadily
hammered deeper into the wall. Her two swords took about half
his strikes, but Haruyuki had four limbs. Punches and kicks
slipped past her guard to smash into her reddish-purple ribbon
armor one after another.
He had suspected from the start that her defensive abilities
were not that great. Reddish-purple was a little closer to long-distance than close-range on the color wheel. She shouldn’t have
been able to really take a hit in close combat.
But hold on a sec. In that case, why is her weapon a sword? If

she’s a sword user, then her color ought to be way closer to
blue…
Haruyuki continued his onslaught, but just as this question
popped up in the back of his mind, Magenta crossed the swords
in both hands in front of her body. Ka-ching! It was the sound of
the two metal elements fitting together. What had been two
swords were in that moment transformed into something else:
two blades opening like a jaw with a single rivet as the fulcrum
and large ring-shaped grips.
Those aren’t swords anymore! Those are scissors! Haruyuki
realized.
“You’re in danger! Dodge!!” Chocolat’s voice reached him from
behind.
“Nngh!” He forcibly stopped the right roundhouse kick his leg
was in the middle of and forced some backward thrust with his
wings.
Magenta started to move her arms, but Haruyuki was already
more than three meters away. It seemed to him that the range for
the swords and the scissors was the same—or maybe the range for
the scissors was smaller, since she had to operate them with both
hands?
But a faint smile played on Magenta’s lips. In a movement
filled with certainty, her arms slowly closed the scissors. The
blades, opened to their maximum of nearly a meter, closed in on
seventy centimeters, and then fifty.
Snip! He heard the jarring sound through his avatar body. He
felt cool, chilled metal touching him on either side of his waist.
He hurriedly turned his eyes in that direction, but there was
nothing there. But the hard pressure increased with each instant,
and the chill turned into pain.

“Wha—?!” he cried out in surprise, and just as he was on the
verge of flying even farther back, the sound of metal ripping
through metal echoed across the stage.
A crimson damage effect cut across Silver Crow’s stomach. A
dizzyingly fierce pain raced through his nervous system, and he
very nearly screamed, but managed to grit his teeth and endure it.
Glancing up to check his health gauge, he saw that it had
dropped nearly 20 percent in just this single hit. If his dash backward had been half a second later, his avatar would no doubt
have been cut right in half. But more importantly, why had the attack reached him? There were nearly four meters between the
scissors and Crow now.
“Ability: Remote Cut. And now that you’ve made me use this
technique, you won’t die quickly,” Magenta Scissor said in a whisper, then opened the two blades all the way once more. When
they had been separated, they were smallish swords, but now that
they were fused, they were enormous, sinister scissors. The
weapon, its sense of presence orders of magnitude greater now,
closed again with a cold snap.
Haruyuki instantly folded his wings up as he jumped to the
right, but even still, she managed to inflict a shallow cut on his
left arm, and then a burning pain assaulted him. His health gauge
decreased another 5 percent.
Snip! Snip! Snipsnipsnip! Still embedded in the wall of the
temple, Magenta opened and closed her scissors over and over.
Haruyuki moved intently to avoid the line extending from the tip
of them, but in the blink of an eye, his body was peppered with
countless cuts.
He badly wanted to escape into the air with his flying ability,
but his instincts told him that was not a good move. After all, he

didn’t know how far the cutting power of the scissors reached. If
he deployed his wings, the projected area of Silver Crow would
nearly double—her target would get bigger, in other words. And if
she took aim to cut even one of his wings, that was basically the
end of the plan he and his allies had put together.
Intently slipping through snip after snip of invisible blades on
the ground, Haruyuki groaned. This is definitely a red long-distance attack—and a fairly powerful one at that.
The power to cut a target at the end of a line extending from
the scissors was, if looked at in a different way, perhaps the same
as a rapid-fire slicer gun. The problem, however, was that he
couldn’t see the attack. All he could do was guess at the line of
sight from the direction of the scissors, and Magenta Scissor
could freely adjust the timing for generating the cutting force. She
could throw in all the feints and the random shots she wanted.
But if she had this kind of powerful technique, then why
hadn’t she used it right from the start? Why had she actually had
the scissors split into two pieces? These doubts in his mind,
Haruyuki continue to do his best to dodge the double blades.
And then, suddenly, a human shape leapt in from the side in
front of him. Simple body, a face with no eyes or mouth, entirely
a dark brown. One of the Chocopets, the combat puppets created
by Chocolat Puppeteer. The puppet, with nothing other than its
fists as weapons, faced Magenta resolutely, as if to hide Haruyuki
behind it. Ahead of it, the blades of the scissors closed cruelly.
Snap! Simultaneous with the metallic sound, a red line raced
across the Chocopet’s neck. Whether Haruyuki wanted to or not,
he was forced to visualize the puppet’s head tumbling to the
ground. But naturally, it didn’t.
The head did separate momentarily from the torso, but the

cross-section melted and fused the two back together in the blink
of an eye. When he thought about it, the Chocopets had apparently taken absolutely zero damage from Haruyuki’s striking
hand or Chiyuri’s bell attack when they were first fighting them.
Most likely because their entire bodies were made of chocolate,
cutting and piercing attacks were normally ineffective.
Seemingly annoyed at the Chocopet recklessly charging in, the
scissors snapped together even more violently. Instantly, the puppet’s body was cut into five, six parts, but they were indeed soon
all stuck together again.
Mouth twisting, Magenta switched from holding the scissors
in both hands to carrying them in her right as she clenched her
other into a fist.
The ISS kit attached to her chest emitted a crimson light. Her
entire body was covered in a faint, dark aura, and this quickly
concentrated in her left hand. Even seeing that inky black pulsation that warned of overwhelming force, the Chocopet showed no
sign of fear. Wordlessly, it kicked at the ground and brandished
an empty fist as it flew forward.
A cool smile spreading across her lips once more, Magenta
murmured the technique name: “Dark Blow.”
Her left fist, enveloped in a viscous darkness, shot out, making
the air and the earth shudder. It met the Chocopet’s descending
right fist in midair. Rather than melting, the chocolate arm—immune to striking attacks—crumbled as if sucked into the surface
of contact. The affinity of the Incarnate technique generated by
the ISS kit was a nihilistic energy type. Even a chocolate puppet
had no way of resisting it.
The right chocolate arm was instantly blown off from the
elbow to the shoulder. However, not stopping there, the Dark

Blow began to swallow the puppet in darkness from its torso to its
head. Whmm! A heavy vibration sound shook the air, and when
Magenta yanked her fist out, the remaining lower half of the
Chocopet turned back into liquid chocolate and scattered into the
air.
Through the brown mist, he could see Magenta Scissor’s
mouth open wide.
Charging forward as if chasing after the puppet, Haruyuki finally noticed it. Perhaps to shoot off another Dark Blow or unsure
about whether to pick up the scissors again, her left hand
scratched at the air. But before it could choose either one—
Your sacrifice won’t be in vain! Haruyuki vowed to the
Chocopet as he brought his right hand down in a sharp chop.
“Laser Sword!!” The silver sword of light that extended from
his fingertips cut through Magenta’s left arm above the elbow.
After the faintest time lag, her arm slipped apart, top and bottom.
Without a sound, the bottom fell, bounced once on the arabesque
patterns of the ground, and scattered into tiny fragments before
disappearing.
“Nngh!” Magenta Scissor groaned deeply and bent in half. She
was likely withstanding the pain of losing a limb.
Haruyuki turned to her. “Now you can’t use your scissors anymore. You can’t open and close them with just one hand.”
“And that’s why I hate them, the two things that are one. I despise them. Scissors, shoes, the bilateral symmetry of the human
body.” This was Magenta’s response.
He had the feeling that her words also contained the reason
why she hadn’t moved to use the scissors right from the start, and
also why she was trying to eliminate the concept of the tag-team

pair from the Accelerated World. But before he had the chance to
think very deeply about it, her lips moved once more.
“I’ll admit that was some fine work realizing you can render
me nearly useless if you take one of my arms, boy. But, you see,
you’ve seriously gotten the wrong idea about one thing.”
“Th-the wrong idea? About what?”
“Well, that…That’s the fact that you judged me to be the main
power of the enemy.”
“But I mean, no matter how you look at it, you’re the leader,
aren’t you? You were giving all kinds of instructions and all.”
“It’s not necessarily the case that the leader is the strongest,
you know? Me luring you all the way over here means we win,”
Magenta said, grinning. “Go on, take a look behind you.”
“C-Crow!!” Chiyuri’s scream reached Haruyuki’s ears. “What
should we do?! I keep hitting him and hitting him, but it’s not
doing anything at all! If we don’t hurry, Choco’s—!”
Haruyuki whirled around to find the enormous avatar Avocado Avoider standing imposingly over Lime Bell, who was slamming the Choir Chime against his egg-shaped body over and over.
And then, swallowed up to her chest in Avocado’s massive
mouth clamped shut around her, Chocolat Puppeteer screamed
in agony.

5
“Nngh…unh…aaaaah!”
Chocolat’s thin screams reached Haruyuki’s ears.
“Avocado doesn’t have any teeth in his mouth. Instead, he
licks at the armor of a Burst Linker to dissolve it, although the
time it takes depends on the Burst Linker,” Magenta said, leaning
against the wall of the temple, the look on her face indicating that
she was suffering real pain from the missing-part damage. “But
Cocoa’s chocolate armor seems like it’d melt pretty quick? You
better hurry over there?”
Haruyuki glanced at the reddish-purple scissors user and hesitated, unsure whether he should strike the killing blow or not.
But given that she was unable to operate her scissors with just
one arm, it was impossible for her to activate her most powerful
weapon, Remote Cut. There was the possibility she’d come at him
with Dark Shot, the long-distance Incarnate attack, with her right
hand, but in order to do that, she would have to throw aside her
scissors. He had no evidence to back it up, but he was certain she
wouldn’t do that.
“I don’t need you telling me that!” he shouted, then spun on
his heel. Running with all his might, he accelerated spectacularly
with the added thrust from his wings, and in the blink of an eye,
he was closing in on Avocado Avoider’s massive form.
“Let go of…Chocooooooooo!!” Roaring, he kicked at the
ground and shot the sharp tips of his left toes straight forward,
adjusting his rudder angle with thrust from his wings so that his

entire body spun at top speed. Spiral Kick: a technique effective
against large avatars because it doubled his power and penetrative force, although accuracy was slightly sacrificed.
His left leg, spinning like a drill, touched Avocado’s dark-green
armor, which didn’t appear to have any thickness to it, and
ripped through it easily. Splrt! There was the thunder of a heavy,
wet impact, and Crow’s foot plunged deep into the right side of
Avocado’s back.
But that was all. The massive egg-shaped avatar continued to
move his mouth in a chewing motion as though he felt nothing,
even with Crow’s foot sunk more than half a meter into his body.
And yet he shouldn’t have been able to stay on his feet after taking that kind of damage because of the pain—especially given that
one’s pain sensors in the Unlimited Neutral Field operated at
twice the normal amount.
Dumbfounded, Haruyuki nevertheless applied reverse thrust
with his wings and pulled his left foot free. Normally, the light of
a damage effect would gush out like blood, but not a single spark
spilled from the large hole in Avocado’s back. Just the opposite: A
green buffer material thinner than the surface immediately filled
it, actually going so far as to regenerate the thin armor.
“E-even with that blow just now, there’s no damage?!”
Haruyuki groaned.
“Exactly!” Chiyuri ran over, staggering in the chocolate pond
to answer him in a panic. “You can kick him and punch him, but
he just regenerates right away! He probably absorbs all physical
attacks!”
“That’s—he’s not a Chocopet or anything,” he said reflexively,
before suddenly realizing something and looking around quickly.
In a spot about ten or so meters away, Mint Mitten and Plum

Flipper were trying to eliminate the two Chocopets circling them
nimbly, but their feet were caught in the chocolate covering the
ground, and they couldn’t move freely. There should also have
been two Chocopets getting in Avocado’s way, but they were
nowhere to be seen. One of them had probably come to
Haruyuki’s aid, but the other one—
“He ate it!” Chiyuri shouted quickly, reading Haruyuki’s
thoughts.
“A-ate it?!”
“She said that at the beginning, remember? That was the weak
point of the Chocopets. Avocado sucked the Chocopet in right
along with the air and chomped it up. And then, when Choco got
closer to make another Chocopet, she got…”
Here, the two of them looked up at Avocado’s massive body.
From a mouth nearly two meters above them, Chocolat’s upper
body hung out, an expression of agony on her face.
“Nngh!” Gritting his teeth, Haruyuki took off from the chocolate pond, and hovering in front of Avocado’s mouth, he grabbed
onto Chocolat’s arms. He pushed his wings with everything he
had and tried to pull her free, but she didn’t move so much as a
centimeter. On the contrary—red sparks of damage flew from her
shoulder joints.
“Unnh!”
Hearing the weak scream, Haruyuki hurriedly stopped his
propulsive power. But Chocolat’s face still looked like she was
suffering serious pain. Most likely, her armor skirt, reminiscent
of flower petals, was being dissolved inside Avocado Avoider’s
mouth.
Above the meter-wide mouth, relatively small—although they

were still five centimeters in diameter—eye lenses blinked at
short intervals. In time with the fluctuating light, a low, heavy
voice rumbled from deep in the egg-shaped body, “Like…Chocolat…like…”
Haruyuki was momentarily speechless, and then, still holding
Chocolat’s arms, shouted, “Just ’cos you like her doesn’t mean
you have to eat her! If you want to be friends, then just say—”
Here, he was at a loss for words. Because when he thought
about whether he himself could do that, he realized it would certainly be impossible. Just inviting Rin Kusakabe to the school festival had nearly brought him to dehydration; there was no way he
could take action beyond that.
And Avocado Avoider was at present parasitized by an ISS kit,
which amplified negative feelings. He was in no state of mind to
be persuaded by words.
So if physical attacks were absorbed, Haruyuki would also fail
to pull Chocolat free. Could he and Chiyuri eat this massive body
like Avocado had the Chocopet? Impossible! As he racked his
brain, he heard a halting voice.
“Heat…or ice plus attack is. The key…That’s the real weak
point of the Chocopets…I’m sure Avocado also…” The owner of
the voice was Chocolat, swallowed up entirely to the point just
below her chest. The chocolate-flavored armor, which didn’t seem
strong at the best of times, was most likely dissolved inside Avocado’s mouth. Chocolat dying was equivalent to their mission to
free Mint and Plum failing. Her health gauge was already down to
less than half.
“G-got it! Hang on a little longer!” Haruyuki shouted as he let
go of her arms. Once he had gotten a little distance, he thought
hard about the problem.

Neither Silver Crow nor Lime Bell had anything in the way of
fire or ice techniques. If the Shrine Maiden of the Conflagration
had been in the battlefield, she could have roasted Avocado’s
massive body to a crisp in the blink of an eye, but naturally, they
didn’t have the time to escape through a portal and contact Utai
in the real world.
“Haru! Is your laser sword no good?!” Chiyuri shouted from
the ground, likely having heard what Chocolat said.
Haruyuki shook his head quickly from side to side. “It’s not
hot!”
His Incarnate technique Laser Sword did have the word
“laser” in the name, but its affiliation was basically a pure severing. It didn’t produce a drop of heat. And naturally, his piercingtype Lance and Javelin were the same. Even if he attacked Avocado with them, the soft armor would regenerate in an instant.
But maybe if he threw out physical attacks faster than the regeneration, he would at some point reach the body beneath the
armor (assuming it existed). The problem with that, though, was
that in the process, Avocado’s special-attack gauge would be infinitely charged, the power melting Chocolat’s armor would be enhanced, and Haruyuki would run the risk of some other new technique being activated.
If this were a Century End stage, there’d be tons of burning
oil drums. There’s no fire or anything in the Sacred Ground—
The instant his thoughts reached this point, his eyes flew open
wide. He sent his gaze racing around their surroundings until his
eyes landed on a small temple in the east of the grounds.
“Choco, your friend.” He quickly turned back to Chocolat and
instructed her tightly, “You have to call Coolu! Coolu can shoot a
real laser!”

Chocolat opened her peach eye lenses wide, as if momentarily
forgetting her agony. But she soon shook her head. “I—I…cannot.
Coolu would attack…you two…”
“It’s okay!” Haruyuki took a deep breath, put his strength in
his stomach, and shouted the rest. “I’ll reflect the laser!”
“…!”
Chocolat was speechless once more, but after she shifted her
gaze to glance up to the left and check her own health gauge, she
nodded slowly, but firmly. “I…understand. I trust you, Silver
Crow.” Then she mustered up the little life remaining to her and
clenched both hands before closing her eyes and shouting, “…
Help me, Coolu…!!”
The reaction was instantaneous.
From the temple in the east: Krrrrrr! Haruyuki had no sooner
heard the shrill voice growling than the armadillo-like figure was
racing out onto the grounds. Although it was a lesser Enemy, it
was easily over two meters long from its head to the tip of its tail.
Its bulky mass—much larger than that of the majority of Burst
Linkers—shook the ground and began to dash across the white
earth.
“Choco, hold on twenty more seconds!” Haruyuki spread his
wings and moved away from Avocado, charging full speed toward
Lava Carbuncle.
“Leave the healing to me!” Chiyuri’s voice chased after him.
“Thanks!” he responded briefly. After just seconds of flight, he
landed a scant twenty meters ahead of the Enemy, its eyes glittering red and burning with rage.
“Krrrrrrr!!” Howling sharply, Carbuncle had clearly recog-

nized Haruyuki as its master’s enemy. It stopped, bracing its four
limbs against the ground and dropping its head low. The interior
of the elliptical ruby embedded in its forehead flickered with a
crimson light, almost exactly like the effect when the Red King’s
main armament was preparing to fire.
Apart from the Four Gods, the Super-class Enemies that
guarded the Castle, the monsters that lived in the Unlimited Neutral Field—“Enemies”—were categorized into four classes.
The strongest was the Legend class, which made the deepest
level of major dungeons in each region or famous landmarks their
territory. A few dozen experienced Burst Linkers could meticulously prepare and strategize to challenge one of these Enemies
and might still be totally annihilated by the slightest misstep. The
Blue King, Blue Knight, was said to be the only one who had ever
succeeded in defeating a Legend class solo, and for that, he had
been presented with the nickname “Legend Slayer.”
Next were the large Enemies known as Beast class. If you got a
party of twenty or so people together, it wasn’t impossible to
safely hunt these creatures, but naturally, it required closely coordinated movement. And since Beast-class Enemies often moved
along bullet-train tracks, occasionally, an unlucky few would
stumble upon them and meet the sad fate of targeting and instant
death. Very few people knew that the Green King, Green Grandé,
had continuously defeated these Beast-class Enemies solo and
turned the vast points he earned from this endeavor into card
items to replenish other Burst Linkers.
Third was the Wild class. Their average size was about five
meters, and when someone talked about “hunting,” they meant
this class. However, even veteran Burst Linkers were said to have
difficulty defeating these Enemies solo—and even then, the Enemies occasionally formed herds. So while a single avatar was focused intently on fighting one of them, other Enemies of the same

type would link together and stampede; these sorts of tales were
often told in the Accelerated World.
And the fourth class of lesser Enemies was used as a trial for
recognition as a senior Linker in many Legions. The idea was that
if you could defeat one solo, you had attained full Burst Linkerhood. The majority who took on this challenge were strong players who had reached level seven. Or put another way, a single
lesser-class Enemy possessed fighting power equivalent to a
level-seven Burst Linker.
Naturally, Haruyuki, still at level five, had never challenged a
lesser class on his own. More than a few times, he had been careless and ended up targeted, but in each of these instances, he had
run for his life and yelped each time his health gauge dropped
dramatically at taking just a single blow from a seemingly subdued long-distance attack.
However, right now, he could not run away. For Chiyuri, who
spent three days going around the dangerous Unlimited Neutral
Field looking for Enemies. For Chocolat, who stood up all by herself against the encroachment of the ISS kit in Setagaya area. For
Mint and Plum, who’d been forcefully parasitized and had had
long years of friendship ripped away from them. And he couldn’t
put the reason into words, but for Magenta Scissor and Avocado
Avoider as well, he could not lose this fight.
“Come!!” Haruyuki shouted, and he crossed his arms firmly in
front of his body.
Immediately, the jewel in Carbuncle’s forehead flashed crosswise, and a ruby-red laser beam shot out.
Compared with the main armament of the Red King—which
had vaporized Crow ten times in a row—the torrent of energy
pushing on him felt more concentrated, proportional with the

narrower diameter of the beam. The instant it collided with the
metal armor of his chest, the area was red-hot.
The majority of the energy was reflected into their surroundings, due to the 95 percent reflectance that was silver’s special
characteristic. But the remaining 5 percent would penetrate his
armor and sap his endurance. If his metal shell—his armor and
greatest weapon as a metal color—were destroyed, the naked
body of his avatar inside would be instantly vaporized. If he simply guarded the way he was now, it was obvious the end result
would be the same as in the training with Niko.
It’s not enough to bounce back the light. Enduring a burning
heat like every nerve in his body was aflame, Haruyuki began to
talk himself up. A mirror isn’t just a panel that reflects light. Reflection is, in other words, rejection. Something that rejects light
couldn’t be so beautiful, so unwavering.
In the back of his mind, he saw the massive three-sided mirror
he had been shown in the mirror room of the Suginami Noh Theater that was Utai Shinomiya’s family home. Before a Noh performer put on a mask and stepped onto the stage, they focused
their mind in front of the mirror. Utai described the mirror as the
boundary between this world and the other world.
Boundary. A border, but also a path. In other words, rather
than a simple flat panel, a mirror was an entrance and an exit. It
accepted light, guided it, and released it once more.
As of the previous evening—when he had been shown the
three-sided mirror at Utai’s house and been told the sad story of
her older brother, Kyoya Shinomiya (aka Mirror Masker)—
Haruyuki had sensed that mental state, albeit only vaguely. The
trigger for this vague instinct to sublimate up to understanding
had been the fierce battle with the mysterious metal color, Wolfram Cerberus. At the beginning of the contest, Haruyuki had suf-

fered so thorough a loss that he didn’t even know what to say as
an excuse.
But then there was the second fight with him, in which he was
the challenger after special training during that day’s lunch hour.
With the Way of the Flexible that he had learned directly from its
master, Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki secured his victory with the
strategy of warding off Cerberus’s fierce blows, turning them into
power for throwing techniques, and slamming his opponent into
the ground.
If, in the midst of this current offensive, he’d even once tried
to resist his opponent’s power with power, in that moment he
would no doubt have had his armor smashed, just like the previous day. It was precisely because Haruyuki had accepted Cerberus’s punches and been able to merge them with his own movements that he’d succeeded in his Guard Reversal.
In which case, maybe the same thing was possible against a
laser attack? A true mirror accepted light and changed its direction only to send it out: the Way of the Flexible against light.
Don’t be afraid!
The guards on his arms were still in one piece somehow, but
even so, his health gauge was steadily decreasing. Haruyuki
ripped his mind away from the fact and told himself firmly, I am
Silver Crow. I am the duel avatar currently most like a mirror in
the Accelerated World. I’m probably far short of Shinomiya’s
older brother—“mirror” was part of his name, after all—but
even still, for one moment, just one moment, I know I can fuse
with the light. I can be a boundary to guide the light.
Okay, then. Abandon your fear and your power. Accept it!
Haruyuki still had his arms crossed, but he relaxed his tense, forward-pitched body slightly and lifted his face.

On the other side of his field of view, dyed red, his eyes met
those of the small Enemy shooting the intense laser from the
jewel in its forehead—or so he felt. In that instant, the decrease in
his health gauge and the scattering of the light stopped simultaneously. It wasn’t that the laser had been interrupted. Rather, it
had become a crimson sphere condensing in the center of his intersecting arms.
“That’s…iiiiiiiiiiit!!” Haruyuki thrust his right arm out straight
ahead as he spun his body to the left. Toward the massive bulk of
Avocado Avoider ten meters away, who was still licking at a dissolving Chocolat.
Shppksh! The air shuddered, and Carbuncle’s laser shot forward once more, bent at an angle of 120 degrees or so. The laser
made a direct hit on Avocado’s armor and was almost sucked into
the lower part of his body, and in short order, it was digging into
his armor.
But the laser wasn’t piercing that armor. The thick, soft cushioning was absorbing the energy like it had the physical attacks.
If this attack had been successive firing of actual bullets or a
collision wave, Avocado’s soft armor might have been able to
completely withstand it. But just as Chocolat had suspected, heat
seemed to be his Achilles’ heel. In the blink of an eye, the darkgreen surface armor was bright red, the color radiating outward
from the point of entry. Haruyuki had to admire the determination of the other avatar when he still did not spit Chocolat out,
but a Linker couldn’t endure the attack of an Enemy—even a
lesser one—with determination alone.
In a mere three seconds, the entirety of the egg-shaped body
was incandescent, and cracks started to appear here and there in
the armor. Haruyuki barely had time to register this before he
heard a heavy, viscous sound.

Splrt! Avocado Avoider’s massive body was melting, the thick
liquid evaporating and disappearing before it even hit the ground.
Naturally, the large mouth also vanished, and Chocolat was
thrust out into midair. Just as she was on the verge of falling
helplessly to the ground, Chiyuri raced over to catch the chocolate
avatar in her arms. Almost as if the creature were aware that
Chocolat had been released, the laser emitted from Carbuncle’s
forehead also weakened, until it finally stopped.

“Haah.” Heaving a long sigh, Haruyuki relaxed his shoulders.
When he looked down at his arms, the armor that had been burning red hot was a silver far more clear than usual—or rather, he
realized, it had changed into a “mirror color.” He stared hard as
the mirror in his arms disappeared and his limbs returned to
their original silver sheen.
Was that the Theoretical Mirror ability? Did I actually manage to get it? he asked himself, but of course, no one answered. If
he opened his Instruct menu then and there and looked at the
status column, he would have been able to check whether or not
he had more abilities, but he didn’t have time for that now.
Because they were coming up on the final stage of the battle.
He checked that Lava Carbuncle’s aggro had stopped, and then
Haruyuki turned toward Chiyuri and Chocolat, and he opened his
eyes wide in surprise.
There was a strange object on the ground not far from the two
girls: a brown sphere about thirty centimeters in diameter. He
thought it was maybe some kind of Chocopet, but the material
was different. As he stared, dumbfounded, short arms and legs
popped out of the sphere, and once it stood upright, it ran as fast
as the little legs could carry it toward the west side of the
grounds. To where Magenta Scissor was watching the battle, still
embedded in the temple wall.
Haruyuki went up to Chiyuri. “What…is that?” he asked, in a
low voice.
“D-don’t ask me…”
“Probably…Avocado’s main body,” Chocolat answered, still in
Lime Bell’s arms. “Or a pit, I suppose. I don’t think there’s any
harm in leaving him.”

“P-pit…He really is a nonstandard duel avatar in all kinds of
ways, huh?” Shaking his head shortly, Haruyuki switched tracks
and checked Chocolat’s injuries. Her large armor skirt was almost
completely gone, and the chocolate color of both legs was half
peeled away. But it didn’t look like it had gone so far as her losing
any parts.
As if to affirm Haruyuki’s judgment, Chocolat said weakly,
“Thanks, Bell. Please put me down. I’m all right.”
“…Right.” Chiyuri stooped forward slowly, and Chocolat
stepped onto the ground and stood up, albeit staggering slightly.
She turned her bonnet-covered head and stared resolutely toward
the south side of the grounds.
Almost as though it had been waiting for her eyes to turn in
that direction, a heavy vibration, one Haruyuki was already intimately familiar with, shook the air—the sound of a dark Incarnate attack being activated by the ISS kit. Mint Mitten and Plum
Flipper had pulverized the two Chocopets hindering their movement with Dark Blow.
The Cocoa Fountain covering the ground had also reached its
time limit and was disappearing. On the original white tiles of the
Sacred Ground stage, the two small F-type avatars walked lifelessly toward them. The eyes attached to each of their chests
blinked with a red light reminiscent of blood.
Haruyuki and Chiyuri started to get into battle-ready positions, but Chocolat shook her head lightly and stopped them. Injured, battered, she took a step forward, and a few seconds later,
her former best friends stopped a mere two meters away from
her.
“Why won’t you come with us, Cocoa?” Mint Mitten spoke
first, her head like a knit hat and her hands large and swollen.

“Come on, let’s be stronger,” Plum Flipper murmured, a perfectly round beret on her head. “Let’s get strong and change the
world, Cocoa.”
The voices sounded intimate, but they were hollow somehow.
Their eye lenses were also dim, so that it seemed almost as
though it were the eyes on their chests speaking rather than
themselves.
Though perhaps that was exactly what it was.
The most significant feature of the ISS kit was that night after
night, synchronized processing of the seeds was carried out while
the user slept. The kit took in the negative thoughts cultivated by
surrounding users and spread the user’s own negative thoughts
out around them. Mint and Plum were synchronized now with
the dark will of Magenta Scissor, the parent of all the kits plaguing Setagaya.
“Min-Min. Pliko. You don’t need that kind of strength to
change the world,” Chocolat replied earnestly, her injured avatar
just barely managing to stay upright. “If you just believe…that
will change the world. The two of you taught me that.”
She glanced back at Haruyuki and Chiyuri and then quickly
turned her gaze forward again.
“In the real world, and in the Accelerated World, we have
feared the outside. We closed ourselves off in a gentle, comfortable box…we never turned our eyes toward the past or the future.
But that was a mistake. The reason we became Burst Linkers
was…to accelerate. To shake off painful memories and move forward. With every step forward we take, the walls of our box expand that much, and the world changes. The gifted power you
have now…we don’t need to rely on that, Min-Min, Pliko!” Voice
tearful, Chocolat made her injured body take a step forward, just

like she’d said. Then another. And another.
Now she was standing in front of Mint and Plum. Their eye
lenses grew even darker, and in exchange, the shining of the ISS
kits increased. On their right hands, different in both size and
shape, was the exact same black aura. Haruyuki started to step
forward reflexively, but beside him, Chiyuri lightly shook her
head.
In a stiff movement, as though their joints had rusted, the two
raised their right arms. Unflinchingly exposed before this, Chocolat spread her slender arms and wrapped them around both of
her friends at the same time.
The two ISS kits flickered intensely. The inorganic sense emitted by the eyeballs could be taken as hatred but also as fear. In
sync with the disturbance in the kits, a change came over the actual eyes of Mint and Plum. Eye lenses that had been essentially
grayed out continually increased in brightness, and fists that had
been raised and held in midair trembled and shook. The dark,
swirling aura shuddered unstably, even as it increased in concentration.
If they launched Dark Blow at the same time from that distance, Chocolat would disappear without a trace. If she was going
to achieve the result she had first thought of—force Mint and
Plum into total point loss with the Judgment Blow—this was her
first and last chance.
However, Chocolat didn’t move. Head hanging, she kept hugging her friends tight. From Mint and Plum’s irregularly blinking
eye lenses, droplets of white light spilled out and fell into the air.
In that instant, it wasn’t the three members of the Legion Petit
Paquet who moved, nor was it Haruyuki or Magenta Scissor off in
the distance watching the scene unfold; it was Chiyuri—Lime

Bell.
She brandished the Enhanced Armament of her left arm,
Choir Chime, up high, and spun it in quick, broad, counterclockwise circles.
Bong! The echo, reminiscent somehow of school bells, came
once, twice, then three times, and then four times. A pure citrusgreen light gushed out of Lime Bell like a liquid and came pouring
down directly ahead of her. At the same time, she called out the
technique name: “Citron…Caaaaaaaaall!!”
The light surging out from inside the chime flowed forward in
a straight line, making countless sparkling, glittering crosses, and
enveloped Mint and Plum at the same time. In the center of the
pillar of light that rose up from below, their two bodies were lifted
ever so slightly off the ground.
Dropping her hips and supporting the bell of her left hand
with her right hand, Chiyuri continued to emit the light with an
intent expression on her face. Haruyuki approached her by habit
and supported her back with a hand. Her body, as slender as
those of Chocolat and the members of Petit Paquet, trembled all
over, demonstrating her desperate mental focus.
In addition to Mode I, which restored Chocolat’s special-attack
gauge in the opening stages of the fight, Lime Bell’s special attack
Citron Call had a Mode II, which used up her entire gauge. Its effect was to cancel out up to four levels in the status of the target
avatar. Specifically, it made it as though things like an avatar losing its limb—or being parasitized by an object, or equipping or
obtaining of Enhanced Armament—had never happened.
Since the ISS kit was, in fact, a parasitic object and was also
the obtaining of an Enhanced Armament, the group assumed
cancellation with Mode II would be effective. However, a week

earlier, Takumu, parasitized with a kit himself, had asserted that
this method would not make his own kit disappear. Because the
kit activated a sort of pseudo-Incarnate system with the desire for
power in the heart of the user as its energy source, it could overwrite Citron Call.
In which case, it would seem that theoretically, they shouldn’t
be about to get rid of Mint and Plum’s kits now, either, but there
was just one decisive difference here than from Takumu’s case.
And that was the fact that Mint and Plum had had their bodies
cut open by Magenta Scissor and been forcefully parasitized with
their kits. They had said words earlier to the effect that they
wanted power, but that was not a feeling generated by their own
hearts; it was something poured into them by other kit users
through the nightly parallel processing. In which case, if they had
inside them a resistance to the kit—no, a love for Chocolat—then
there was a possibility that Citron Call could cancel the parasitization.
“P-please!!” Chiyuri shouted in a thin voice, as she continued
the technique.
“Go away!!” Haruyuki also prayed intently, squeezing the
words out as he held Chiyuri’s shoulders. If their plan failed, then
either Chocolat would be killed or she would use the Judgment
Blow on her friends before that happened.
But he didn’t want to see that outcome again. Absolutely not.
In the pale-green light, the ISS kits attached to the chests of
Mint and Plum shot out a flash the color of blood in its resistance.
The eyeballs swelled up enormously, the blood vessels entwining
them throbbing fiercely.
And then the right arms of the two girls, still up in the air,
slowly started to come back down. The dark, miasma-like aura

had basically disappeared. Their fists were released, and thin fingers reached out to Chocolat, trembling.
“Min-Min! Pliko!” Chocolat shouted, taking up both their
hands to clutch.
A moment later, the black blood vessels extending from the
ISS kits dried up, and the eyeball weakly closed its lids. The parasite turned into black mist and evaporated in verdurous light.
When Citron Call was finished, there were no objects on the
chests of Mint Mitten or Plum Flipper.
Chiyuri crumpled, and Haruyuki held her up, his eyes open intently wide. When he’d crushed the ISS kit that had parasitized
the Burst Linker Olive Grab, a ball of red light had flown off into
the sky. But this time, there was no mistake; nothing had escaped. That could mean only one thing: Their strategy worked—
the existence of the kits had been rewound, and they had disappeared completely.
“You did it. You did it, Bell!” Haruyuki clenched his left hand,
and Chiyuri, in his right arm, lifted her face and grinned through
her exhaustion.
Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper had lost consciousness temporarily, and Chocolat was also leaning against them, eyes closed.
As Haruyuki and Chiyuri started walking toward them, the
chocolate-colored avatar lifted her hanging head. There were
streaks of white light on her smooth cheeks.
“In the end, when I held their hands…I could heard their
voices. ‘Cocoa, we’re sorry,’ they said…,” she murmured hoarsely.
“Yeah, they’re okay now.” Haruyuki nodded deeply, together
with Chiyuri. “They should be back to their old selves.”

“You really fought hard, huh?” Chiyuri said. “It’s because your
feelings reached them, Choco, that I could make the kits disappear.”
The girl nodded sharply and paused a second before speaking
again. “You can both call me ‘Cocoa,’ too.”
Unwittingly, Haruyuki smiled wryly at this sign that Chocolat
was quickly getting back up to full speed. But this was soon followed by “However, I will not let you taste me again.”
He stiffened immediately.
“What?” Chiyuri cocked her head, and Chocolat started to
open her mouth to expose Haruyuki’s deed.
Before she could, they heard a sharp cry of krrrrrr from a
slight ways off. At this warning, Haruyuki reflexively whirled his
eyes around.
A slender silhouette jumped into his view, approaching slowly
from the west. He braced himself, but soon relaxed. Magenta
Scissor had her greatest weapon, the enormous scissors, split into
two once more, and those pieces were dangling from her sides.
Naturally, she was still equipped with an ISS kit, so a long-distance attack with Dark Shot was a possibility. But she didn’t look
like she had it in her now. Her left arm was missing, having been
severed by Haruyuki’s light sword, and her right arm held a
brown ball about thirty centimeters in diameter—the seed of Avocado Avoider.
“Cho— I mean, Cocoa, don’t let Coolu attack. She’s probably
not here to fight,” Haruyuki said, quietly.
Chocolat nodded, albeit with a worried look on her face. She
raised her right hand toward Carbuncle on the east side of the
grounds, and with just that, the Enemy obediently lay down.

“Wow. Well trained,” Chiyuri murmured admiringly. She also
seemed to feel that the battle was over, but even still, she joined
Haruyuki in stepping out in front of Chocolat and her friends to
wait for the reddish-purple avatar.
Magenta Scissor came fairly close before stopping. Silver Crow
was covered in injuries, cut with scissors and burned by Coolu’s
laser, but their fuchsia enemy was much the same. Her ribbon
armor was smashed all over, leaving a fair amount of her actual
body exposed. Above all, she should still have been hurting from
having her arm cut off. However, not only did none of that show
on her face, but the tall F-type avatar smiled faintly.
“I was plenty surprised just at you bending the Enemy’s laser
and melting Avocado’s armor, but then you go even further and
get rid of the ISS kits, huh? Just like that girl’s subordinates, I
suppose.”
“Do you know the Black King?” Haruyuki asked.
Her sharp shoulders bobbed up and down. “At the very least, I
don’t want to have any more to do with you lot lest she herself appear…is about the extent of my knowing her.”
“If you’re saying that, then you’re not going to come at Cocoa
and her friends anymore, right?” Chiyuri pressed.
Magenta smiled again. “It’s annoying, but I don’t really have a
choice. If I do parasitize them again, you’ll just make it disappear,
after all. I’m giving up on the north and moving east.”
These words were a declaration that, even if she did temporarily abandon the idea of recruiting Chocolat and her friends, she
had not given up on her larger, true objective—spreading the ISS
kits to the whole of the Accelerated World. Haruyuki was about to
ask why she would go that far and then gave up on the idea. He
had already heard her motives—that she was going to remove in-

equalities caused by differences in abilities and appearances from
the Accelerated World.
Tightly gritting his teeth beneath his mirrored goggles,
Haruyuki turned his gaze to the brown, ball-shaped avatar in Magenta Scissor’s arm. He had a hard time believing that the small
sphere was the true form of Avocado Avoider, that massive
avatar, two and a half or more meters tall. But the short arms and
legs and the beady eye lenses shared the same design as his original appearance. And a shrunken ISS kit was attached to him in a
place that corresponded to the chest.
“So then it’s on, huh?” Haruyuki said, swallowing back all
kinds of feelings. “Are you going to achieve your goal first, or will
we destroy the ISS kit main body first?”
“I didn’t expect this kind of trash talk from you. It’s weird.”
Magenta smiled more broadly than she had so far. “Okay, fine,
let’s say it’s on. But first. You all won here today, so I have to give
you your prize, hmm?”
She snapped out two fingers of the hand holding Avocado, and
two rectangular shapes were suddenly embedded in between
them, although Haruyuki had no idea where she’d pulled them
from. He was more than familiar with card items, but these were
a matte black. This was the first time he’d seen them in this color.
It looked like the item name was inscribed on the front in a crimson-red font.
“These are the ISS kits cut out of Mint Mitten and Plum Flipper. They came back to my storage, but the data might be contaminated, you know…by considerateness or kindness. I have no
use for them, so I’ll leave it to you all to dispose of them,” she
said, her tone making it impossible for him to grasp her true intent. She flicked her fingers, and the two cards spun through the
air to plunge to the tile at Haruyuki’s feet.

“D-dispose…I mean…” He twisted his neck as he wondered to
himself if they were burnable or nonburnable garbage.
“Do whatever you want with them.” Magenta shrugged once
more. “Boil them, fry them, analyze them…Hmm? Oh, right! And
tell Cyan Pile. That when I said I was giving it to him in that form
because I liked him when I gave him the kit card last week, I was
serious.”
“Hey!” the so-far-silent Chiyuri snapped to attention and
shouted the instant she heard this. “Wh-why should we give him
a message like that?! More importantly, why do you like Pile?!”
“Goodness! Well, he is wonderful, isn’t he? That asymmetrical
form…Oh my, now that I’m thinking of it, you’re quite nice as
well, hmm?” Magenta retorted coolly, and as an added bonus,
flashed Lime Bell a bewitching smile.
This apparently was impossible for even Chiyuri to process immediately, and Magenta’s smile deepened momentarily at the
other girl’s frozen form before she wordlessly turned on her heel.
Resettling Avocado’s seed in her arms, she walked toward Sakurajosui Station.
Staring after her, Haruyuki was taken by a brief conflict. Magenta Scissor would likely keep disseminating the ISS kits in the
Accelerated World. If he was going to try to stop her, maybe he
should attack her here, defeat her, and then defeat her again
when she regenerated in an hour, continuing to kill her and force
her into total point loss. With the difference in their current battle abilities, it was definitely possible.
However, Magenta also had to know that Haruyuki and his
comrades had that option. If, at the point in time when Mint and
Plum’s ISS kits were purified, she had instantly withdrawn to a
leave point, she probably could have removed the danger of suc-

cessive kills.
But rather than doing that, she had walked over to exchange
words with Haruyuki and Chiyuri. He found it hard to believe
that she had intended to set some malicious trap, including the
gifting of the two cards to them. Most likely, Magenta had dared
to stay on the battleground as the loser for the sake of her own
pride—pride she still had even after playing host to an ISS kit.
Haruyuki couldn’t attack an opponent like that from behind.
He took his eyes off the receding shadow and crouched down to
pick up the black cards at his feet.
“I-is it okay to touch them?” Chiyuri asked, in a worried voice.
“I guess maybe it’s okay as long as I don’t press the ‘use’ button or shout the activation command or anything.” Even as he
said this, he was reluctant to hold them for a long period of time,
so he quickly opened his Instruct menu, moved to his storage
screen, and tucked the two cards away there. When he lifted his
head, job finished, the figure of Magenta Scissor was already gone
from the large grounds.
Clenching his teeth against the complex mix of emotions that
he himself didn’t really understand upwelling in his chest,
Haruyuki turned around. In the arms of the kneeling Chocolat,
the two girl avatars were just starting to wake from their slumber;
their slender limbs trembled.
Haruyuki moved to approach them, but Chiyuri grabbed his
arm.
“Let’s just leave the three of them to themselves,” she whispered, and he nodded in agreement.
He couldn’t hear their exchange, but Chocolat Puppeteer, Mint
Mitten, and Plum Flipper appeared to be talking slowly. After the

passage of some time, brown and green and purple arms were
stretched out, and the three girls hugged one another tightly.
Captivated by this beautiful scene, Haruyuki snapped back to reality when a massive shadow entered the frame suddenly from
the left. The shadow turned out to be an Enemy with short limbs
extending from an armadillo-like body wrapped in armor, an elliptical ruby glittering on its forehead—Coolu.
Chocolat had ordered it to stand down, but it probably
couldn’t hold on any longer. It rubbed its streamlined head
against the girls, a sweet voice slipping out of it. Krrr, krrrr.
At some point, Haruyuki had grabbed Chiyuri’s hand beside
him, and they watched over the three girls and one creature that
made up the Legion Petit Paquet. They had originally come to the
Setagaya area with the sole goal of special training with an Enemy
opponent and had then gotten dragged into an unplanned, fierce
battle that had started with an unexpected encounter. But from
the bottom of his heart, Haruyuki was glad that they had visited
that place at that time on that day.
Chiyuri appeared to feel the exact same way; her slightly teary
voice reached his ears. “Thank goodness.”
It felt like they had been accelerated for a fairly long time, but
when they returned to the real world via a portal, only the seconds displayed on the clock in the lower left of his virtual desktop
had changed.
From the faint crack under the door, the tantalizing scent of
sweet-and-sour pork with pineapples wafted in, but it was still
nearly ten minutes until the six-thirty suppertime. Even though
he was starving from all that flying and waiting and fighting! But
no matter what kind of Burst Linker you were, you still couldn’t
fast-forward time. Body still flat on the mattress that was a little
softer than his own bed, Haruyuki let out a long sigh.

“C’mon, Haru. There’s no need to be crying on this side.”
He heard Chiyuri’s voice from his immediate left and reflexively turned his face in that direction. When he did, a mysterious
fluid that had indeed built up in both his eyes spilled out and cut
across his cheek to make a light stain on the sheets.
“I-I’m not crying!” Trying out a protest like an elementary
school kid, he rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. But perhaps the tear-gland bubble was broken; the droplets welled up
one after another and slid along his cheek. He gave up on interrupting them and tried to turn his back to Chiyuri. And then he
noticed that Chiyuri’s face, twisted through the film of fluid, was
also shining with little drops of light.
“I mean, you’re crying, aren’t you?” he asked, pursing his lips.
“It’s just”—Chiyuri didn’t try to hide her tears, but rather
smiled through them—“I mean, like, I’m just about the same
amount of happy and sad. A double dose. I can’t help it.”
“Well, if it’s a double dose, I guess you can’t, huh…” Agreeing
with this curious logic, Haruyuki thought, Oh, that’s it.
After he had seen Magenta Scissor and Avocado Avoider off, a
major ingredient in the mix of feelings that had risen up in his
chest was “sadness.”
Why was he sad? Because he thought they could also have a
different future.
“Why—?” Turning his face to the ceiling once more, Haruyuki
squeezed his voice out from his nearly blocked throat. “Why do
we have to fight like that…?”
If the duels that took place in the Normal Duel Field were a
fighting game in which opponents pitted their knowledge, tech-

nique, and willpower against each other, then the Incarnate battles in the Unlimited Neutral Field were life-and-death conflicts,
with rage and hatred alone slamming up against each other.
It had only been eight months since he became a Burst Linker,
and Haruyuki had just finally reached level five, but he had been
put in that position several times already. None of those fights
had given him a shred of the excitement and fun of the duel,
though. The fierce battle with Magenta Scissor that day was the
same. He had found the opening in the Dark Blow she relied on
and launched his Laser Sword to win with difficulty, but all that
was left in his chest was a deep despair.
“If we hadn’t treated Setagaya like an empty area and had
gone to hang out there more…If we had met just as Burst Linkers,
all of us, and dueled normally, I’m sure that—”
We could’ve been friends with them, too. He swallowed this
part back and moved to turn over onto his stomach on the bed,
when Chiyuri grabbed his shoulder tightly.
“It’s…It’s not over yet, Haru. We’re going to get rid of all the
ISS kits in the Accelerated World, and then we’ll go see Magenta
and Avocado again. Next time, we’ll invite Taku and Kuroyuki
and our sister Fuko and little Ui, too, right? And then…And
then…”
“Yeah. We will.” Haruyuki nodded, wiping at his face with his
right arm, and this time, he managed to stop the tears somehow.
Chiyuri sat up, pulled some tissue off the headboard, and
dabbed at her eyes. Then she removed the cable from their Neurolinkers and wound it up. “Anyway, anyway, Haru!” she said,
shifting gears rather remarkably. “I saw it! You seriously reflected
Coolu’s laser, didn’t you! So that means you obtained the ability,
right?!”

“Huh? Uh, um. I dunno.” He sat up on the bed and scratched
his head.
“Cooome on.” Chiyuri turned a magnificent look of exasperation on him. “It’s your own self. You should at least know whether
you got it or not!”
“B-but, like—to confirm it, I’d have to get someone to shoot
me with a laser again.”
“O! Kay! Look! Here! You don’t have to do all that. Just open
your Brain Burst console right now and look at Silver Crow’s status screen, and that’s that!”
“……!!”
Haruyuki slapped his knee in a moment of understanding, and
the look on Chiyuri’s face advanced from exasperated to eyeballrolling. But he paid her no mind and ran a finger across his virtual desktop. He tapped the flaming B logo and displayed the
avatar status in the console screen that opened.
He nervously switched from the default normal attack tab to
the abilities tab, and then turned his face away for a moment. But
when he gritted his teeth and stared at the window out of the corner of his eye—there were two rows of alphabet text.
“O-oh! There’s two!” Haruyuki shouted.
Chiyuri leaned forward, unable to stand it anymore. “Hey,
show me, too!” She unwrapped the XSB cable she had been about
to put away and with her left and right hands inserted the ends
into their Neurolinkers. Normally, the Brain Burst program menu
screen was invisible to other people, even while directing, and
that restriction was canceled only when the other person was also
a Burst Linker.

“Let’s see. Where? Show me…” Chiyuri pressed her face in
from the left, practically sticking her cheek up against his, and
they read the text that had popped up in the window together.
The first line: AVIATION. It went without saying that this was
his flight ability.
The second line: OPTICAL CONDUCTION.
“…Huh…” slipped out of Haruyuki.
“Whaaat…?” Chiyuri cocked her head hard to the right. “I’m
pretty sure the English for the mirror ability was…Theoretical
Mirror, wasn’t it?”
“Y-yeah. I feel like that’s what I heard…” Haruyuki nodded,
sensing the bad feeling oozing into his chest in drips and drops
grow enormous in the blink of an eye. But I definitely reflected
the laser, right. I became a mirror, right, he told himself as he
launched the English-Japanese dictionary app on the right side of
his virtual desktop. He pressed the voice entry button.
“Opticull. Conducshun.” He specified word lookup with the
most Englishy pronunciation he could manage, and with a wait
time of basically zero, the meaning was displayed.
Since Chiyuri was looking at the same screen, the two of them
read it out loud together. “‘…Light. Guidance…’?”
Even knowing the definition, he couldn’t grasp the meaning of
the ability at all. He cocked his head from the right to the left in
sync with Chiyuri, and then they heard the long-awaited voice of
Chiyuri’s mother on the other side of the door.
“Chii! Haru, hon. Suppertime!”
He worried that the ability he had worked so hard to awaken

was somehow apparently not the Theoretical Mirror that he had
been asked to obtain at the meeting of the Seven Kings, but his
anxiety could not cancel out the impetus of his empty stomach
seeking sweet-and-sour pork with pineapple.
Haruyuki took a deep breath and looked at Chiyuri next to
him. “Let’s finish this after supper.”
His friend of fourteen years shook her head lightly from side to
side. “Very occasionally, there are times when I think you might
be extremely strong mentally.”

6
A bright June 27. That day, too, the sky had been sprinkling them
with rain since morning, as though the seasonal rain front was
stubbornly sitting in the sky above Tokyo.
Having finished getting ready for school ten minutes earlier
than usual, Haruyuki left the house with the slightly too-large
umbrella that his father used to use in one hand. He headed
south on the sidewalk of Kannana Street, slipped under the Chuo
Line Bridge, and set his sights on the usual Koenjirikkyo intersection. It was Thursday, the day of the routine Ash-Crow duel.
According to rules that had been set at some point, the winner
of the previous duel had to use a Burst Point to accelerate and
challenge his opponent. But in the duel two days before, on Tuesday, Silver Crow and Ash Roller had both been struck by the
lightning of the Thunder stage and had their gauges sent flying simultaneously.
In the case of a draw, the rule was they changed the challenging side, and according to this, it was Crow’s turn to be the challenger. However, even after he had climbed up the pedestrian
walkway at the lights, Haruyuki did not connect to the global net,
but rather kept going to descend on the inner-loop side of Kannana and come to a stop in front of a convenience store on the
corner.
About two minutes later, a green EV bus stopped at the bus
stop nearby. Only one passenger got off. After opening an offwhite umbrella, she approached him at a trot, the pouch slung
across her body, swinging from side to side.

“K-Kusakabe, don’t run. It’s—” The moment he hurriedly
started speaking, a brown loafer slipped on the wet road. The girl
lost her balance and listed first to the left, then the right—somehow, mysteriously, not falling down—until she managed to just
barely bring herself to a stop right in front of Haruyuki.
He quickly pulled back arms he had started to stretch out to
support her in case of the worst and said his greetings. “Morning,
Kusakabe.”
“Good. Morning, Arita.” Bowing deeply along with her umbrella was, of course, Ash Roller in the real: Rin Kusakabe. Like
Haruyuki, she was in eighth grade, but she attended a girls’
school in Sasazuka in Shibuya Ward; she commuted from her
home in Egota in Nakano.
Sasazuka was on the Keio line, and the station a mere four
stops farther out was the very Sakurajosui which they had visited
the previous night. As the crow flies, they weren’t even four kilometers apart, but since the borders between Suginami, Shibuya,
and Setagaya wards got complicated in that area, in the Accelerated World sense, the distance was greater than this small number. In fact, during the dive the previous day, Haruyuki had not
once realized that Sasazuka station was fairly close by.
That said, there was no mistake that Shibuya Area No. 3,
where Rin’s school was, was immediately adjacent to Setagaya
area on the east. This fact caught at his thoughts for some reason,
but Rin’s smile appearing from beneath the edge of her white umbrella instantly pushed the question away.
“Um. I’m sor-ry for being selfish.” With this, Rin went to lower
her head once more, so Haruyuki shook his free hand and his
head back and forth at the same time.
“N-not at all! It’s fine! The only difference is the duel coming

first or after.”
The selfishness Rin was referring to was the extremely modest
request to talk at the intersection before their usual duel.
Haruyuki had intended to talk with her after the duel, like they
had two days before, but he couldn’t believe there would be any
issue in just changing that order.
However, in that case, why did Rin want to put the duel off on
that day alone?
“Um.” As if intuiting Haruyuki’s question, Rin pulled her head
back into herself with an embarrassed air. “If the duel’s first, I
thought my brother might. Say something unnecessary to you.”
“Unnecessary? Like what kind of thing?”
“Um, like ‘A million years too early to invite my baby sis to the
school festival, you damned Crow’ or something.”
“…R-right. I get it. I totally get that.” It was a realistic concern.
Haruyuki involuntarily burst out into a sweat.
It was a fact that Rin Kusakabe was Ash Roller in the real, but
the personality—or rather, the spirit that lived in the duel avatar
that fought in the Accelerated World—was not hers. Rin’s older
brother, the former ICGP racer, Rinta Kusakabe, operated the fin
de siècle rider—or that’s how Haruyuki understood it, although
the logic wasn’t clear.
Ash Roller adored his little sister, and although he lost it
whenever Haruyuki got near her, if Haruyuki didn’t invite her to
event-type things, he would get angry about that; he was truly an
irrational figure. Haruyuki had invited Rin to the Umesato school
festival after the duel the day before yesterday, so he assumed
that Ash also shared that memory—in other words, there was a
strong possibility he would be in Mega Heat mode in that day’s

duel.
Huh? Wait? But then does that mean that talking to Kusakabe now before the duel will make Ash’s anger go beyond Giga
and up into Tera Heat?
The thought crossed his mind, but he didn’t have the time for
indecision right then and there. According to the bus information
transmitted from the sign pillar at the bus stop, the next bus for
Rin to catch had already arrived at the third stop back.
Putting aside the question of the big brother for the moment,
Haruyuki manipulated his virtual desktop. The document file he
called up was an invitation to the school festival, coming up in
three days. Each student was given three invitations, but since it
was assumed that the invited guests would be close relatives,
there was a restriction that did not allow them to be transmitted
over the global net.
Haruyuki turned toward Rin and transmitted the invitation,
which he had gotten his mother’s stamp of approval on from her
bed that morning through an ad hoc connection between their
two Neurolinkers. The number of files remaining dropped to two,
but he didn’t have anywhere to use those anyway.
“If this is in your Neurolinker, you’ll be able to pass through
the gates of Umesato,” Haruyuki said. “If you let me know a little
before you arrive, I’ll come meet you.”
Rin rested her umbrella on her right shoulder and wrapped
both hands carefully around the invitation file displayed in her
virtual desktop. A huge smile popped up onto her face, a face with
thin lines reminiscent of a boy’s somehow. “Thank…Y-ou. I…M.
Very happy. I’ll definitely, definitely come.”
“R-right. Although I’m basically not doing anything except
helping with my class exhibit.”

After a quick bit of research the other day, he had learned that
the kendo team that Takumu belonged to was going to present in
the dojo a “cosplay martial arts demonstration,” the true nature
of which was unknown, while Chiyuri’s track team was going to
do a crepe booth. When he additionally heard that the student
council, on which Kuroyukihime served as vice president, was
planning to open a secret program on the local net, his mouth inevitably turned down slightly at the corners.
Haruyuki had also been officially appointed to the important
role of president of the Animal Care Club, but it had only been ten
days since the launch of the club itself. Even so, he had thought
about borrowing a classroom somewhere, decorating it like a jungle, and displaying the lone animal they were caring for, the
northern white-faced owl, Hoo. But in addition to being a nervous type, Hoo had only just moved to Umesato from Matsunogi
Academy, so Haruyuki had determined that the burden of having
so many people traipse by him would be too much and had given
up on the whole idea before getting to the stage of proposing it to
the “super president,” Utai.
The exhibit by the seven students in grade-eight class C, who
were not participating with a team or club, was “Koenji Thirty
Years Ago,” a fairly cultural and inoffensive topic. When people
entered the classroom, static images of the Koenji shopping street
in the 2010s would be displayed in their field of view, and if visitors followed the path laid out, the images were set to scroll automatically. At first glance, it seemed elaborate, but they had actually adopted the basic program from something extant, so
Haruyuki and the others working on it simply had to find and
load pictures from the period from the Umesato archives and individual websites. They planned to finish this task in just one day,
on Saturday, and regrettably, these were not details he was particularly proud to share with Rin.
But Rin’s smile was not clouded in the least. She took a step

toward Haruyuki and gripped her umbrella tightly with both
hands again. “Um, I am looking forward to your class exhibit.
But. I. I’m just so incredibly happy. That you invited me to your
school festival. Arita. I mean.” Here, she brought her face even
closer and lowered her voice as much as possible. “Bringing Burst
Linkers from other Legions. Into your school. Is like the most
taboo of taboos. In the Accelerated World.”
It could be said to be something of a miracle that Haruyuki,
who had a tendency toward a direct link between his inner heart
and the look on his face, managed to maintain his smile upon
hearing this. Because he hadn’t discussed inviting Rin to Umesato’s school festival with anyone in the Legion, much less its
master, Kuroyukihime. He had simply decided on his own that it
wouldn’t be a problem, since Rin and everyone in Nega Nebulus
were already cracked in the real to each other. But what if it was
actually a huge problem? And if it was, what kind?
“I-it’s fine.” Concealing the sudden apprehension, Haruyuki
bobbed his head up and down. “Everyone in the Legion’s looking
forward to seeing you, Kusakabe. So. O-of course, I am too.”
“…Thank. Y…ou,” Rin murmured, her eyes tearing over, and
closed the distance between them with another step. The fronts of
their umbrellas overlapped, and the gray-and-white water-repellent fabrics created a modest shelter, cutting the two of them off
from the outside world for a moment.
The sound of the rain and even the noise of the EV motors
coming and going on the main road right next to them grew distant, and in the mysterious quiet that was born, Rin’s voice came,
faltering.
“I. Always. Always. Imagined it. If the Burst Points. System
disappeared. From the Accelerated World. If the whole of the
duel. Was just being happy when you win. And being frustrated

when you lose. There’d be no need to worry. About being cracked
in the real. Anymore. And all the Burst Linkers. All of us could
just. Be friends in the real world, too.” Her voice stopped momentarily here, and lovely, glittering droplets sprang up in her grayflecked eyes. Her lashes caught them as they were on the verge of
falling, and Haruyuki stared as he listened wordlessly to her murmured voice. “But. Even with the system now. I thought that day.
Would probably come. That you. Would change. The world,
Arita.”
“Huh? Oh, I— That’s—”
Totally impossible, his mouth wanted to say, but Rin’s left
hand pressed against it gently. His heart leapt and jumped at the
sensation of her slender, smooth fingertip touching his lips.
“Right now. It’s enough. That you fly in the sky. Of the Accelerated World. People who see you. They all, they all feel something. They should. A precious something. Like me.”
She pressed the fingertip she pulled away from his mouth up
against her own lightly, and then grinned. The expression on her
face was so innocent and transparent that Haruyuki didn’t realize
that her finger had brought about an “indirect kiss.”
Still smiling, she took a step back and their umbrellas separated, and the noise of the world returned at once. Mixed in with
it was the heavy engine of the bus approaching from the north.
“The bus. Is here,” Rin said, blinking rapidly, and gently
stroked the metallic-gray Neurolinker equipped on her slender
neck. The machine, with its lightning bolt crack on the exterior,
was the one her brother, Rinta, had used during the fateful race.
“I’m looking forward. To the festival. And I’m sure. My brother is,
too.”
With these last words, she bowed together with her umbrella

and then turned around and ran—splashed—away. She slipped
again on the wet pavement, but she didn’t almost fall this time.
She made it safely to the bus stop and got on the bus that arrived
a few seconds later.
She waved slightly through the closed door, and finally coming
back to himself, Haruyuki hurriedly returned the wave with his
left hand. The bus departed with a low hum, passed through the
Rikkyo intersection, and disappeared to the south.
Replaying her words over and over in his head, Haruyuki
started to walk. He climbed the pedestrian bridge and stopped
when he was somewhere in the middle to connect his Neurolinker
globally. No sooner had the confirmation dialogue appeared than
he was murmuring, “Burst Link.”
Skreeeee! The sound of impact roared, and the world was
frozen blue. Haruyuki appeared in the blue world of the initial acceleration space in his pink pig form and opened the Brain Burst
matching list. From the dozen or so names listed there, he of
course selected Ash Roller.
If the whole of the duel. Was just being happy when you win.
And being frustrated when you lose. Murmuring this in the back
of his mind, he pressed the DUEL button.
Instantly, the blue world began to transform. At the same
time, his pig avatar also started to change into his silver duel
form. After passing through a faint floating sensation, his metal
feet came down on the thick trunk of a tree on its side. The scene
around him had also changed completely; the road surface was
now a valley covered by green grass, while the clusters of buildings had turned into enormous, mossy trees. A natural-type,
wood-affiliated Primeval Forest stage.
As the timer dropped to 1,799, the throaty roar of a V-twin en-

gine came to him from the south side of the valley. The bus Rin
was on could have only gotten about two hundred meters away,
and that distance was the blink of an eye for the American motorcycle Ash Roller rode.
Haruyuki spread the wings on his back and flew gently from
the tree that had been the pedestrian bridge down into the middle
of the valley and waited for the approaching motorcycle. The
emotion he felt at Rin’s words lingered in his heart, and he decided he wanted to have a few words with Big Brother Ash, too,
before the duel.
Mere seconds later, the hooded headlight shone yellow from
the other side of the plain. Time in the Primeval Forest stage did
actually change, and it felt like it was currently a little before
evening, but Haruyuki could still clearly make out the rider straddling the bike.
It was a familiar figure, clad in a leather jacket with metal
armor, a skull-faced helmet on his head. But something was different than usual. Quickly taking a closer look, Haruyuki realized
that red flames were burning in the eye sockets of the skull. And a
tail of white steam appeared to be stretching out from the slit of a
mouth.
“Uh, um, Ash—” Haruyuki had gotten that far when a leather
boot kicked the shift pedal violently. At the same time as the accelerator roared to life, Ash crushed the clutch and yanked the
tough front wheel up. The bike charged forward, ripping up the
green grass.
“Yooouuuu goddaaaaaamned croooooooooooow!” A roar of
anger shook the stage, loud enough to compete with the howling
of the engine.
“Eee!” Haruyuki jumped a little. “Eeeee?!” Reflexively, he tried

to fly, but his special-attack gauge was empty. He turned and
started to dash away, but the glow of the headlight got closer with
each breath he took.
“Yooooooouuuu! In-indirect—Indirect kiss with my siiiiiiiiis!
Whaaaaat the hellllllll?! Yooooouuu! Shall! Craaaaaaash!!”
“N-no thank yooooouuu!!” Haruyuki sprinted desperately, and
the front wheel of the bike—spinning with inertia—scraped his
back lightly. His health gauge dropped the tiniest amount, while
his special-attack gauge increased by a mere hint. Haruyuki immediately took this and poured it into thrust for his wings. He
couldn’t take off, but somehow he managed to avoid a crash with
a long jump, waving his arms about in the air, as he fled to the
north.
However, a few seconds later, a massive wall appeared ahead
of him for an unknown reason, and Haruyuki opened his eyes
wide. Since this valley had originally been Kannana Street, it
should have continued all the way to the edge of the stage. Which
meant the wall was not a real wall, but something big enough to
look like a wall.
“Ah! Crap! Ash, you can’t—!” Haruyuki shouted, flustered as
he finally realized what the wall actually was.
But the big brother was burning with an unprecedented rage
and showed no signs of letting up on the throttle. If Haruyuki
slowed even slightly, he would definitely be pressed flat by the
rear tire after being pulled down to the ground by the front tire,
so he had no choice but to keep charging forward. Once they had
broken the twenty-meter mark to the dark, wetly illuminated,
reddish-brown wall-like thing, the small mountain shuddered
and began to move.
The most significant feature of the Primeval Forest stage was

that large creatures lived there, on scale with the Wild-class Enemies in the Unlimited Neutral Field. And without a doubt, lifting
its thick head ahead of Haruyuki and Ash Roller at that moment,
having been disturbed in its nap and in a foul mood, was the most
powerful identified among these creatures: Tyrannosaurus rex.
“I’ve never seen anyone wake a sleeping Tyranno in this stage
before!” one of the members of the Gallery following on the
branches of the trees around them cried out, dumbfounded.
“Just like an Ash-Crow fight, giving us the goods!”
Immediately after someone offered this in response, Haruyuki
and Ash and the motorcycle became a single lump that slammed
into the side of the Tyrannosaurus.
“Ahhhh.” Haruyuki leaned back on the bench and expelled a long
sigh as he looked upward.
The rain that had been falling in the morning stopped during
third period, and the gray coloring in the sky had increased considerably in brightness. Many students were seizing this chance
to go out into the courtyard, and a slightly chilly breeze brought
the tumult of the lunch break up to the roof.
“You think you’ll make it in time for the class exhibit?”
Takumu asked from beside him as he opened the package of his
sandwich.
Haruyuki brought his head back up and nodded. “Yeah, we’ve
basically got all the photos we need. All that’s left is to put them
into the display program on Saturday, and we’re done. So, like,
what kind of cosplay are you doing?” he asked in return, likewise
ripping open the package containing his bun with yakisoba noodles.

“The boys’ kendo team is in charge of the choreography for the
performance.” Takumu grinned wryly, almost shrugging his
broad shoulders. “The girls’ team is doing the costumes. They
were super careful about measuring our sizes, so I kind of have a
bad feeling about it.”
“Ha-ha! Can’t wait to see it. I’ll definitely be there.” After a
brief laugh, Haruyuki took a big bite of his bun, and for a while,
the pair simply moved their mouths, taking yogurt drink packs in
hand at the same time and slurping them down.
“So? Didn’t you have something you wanted to talk with me
about, Haru?” Takumu asked as Haruyuki was on the verge of
going for a second bite; his teeth clamped down on empty space.
Haruyuki lowered his yakisoba bread, and an awkward smile
spread across his face.
“Y-you saw through me, huh? Just like you, Professor
Mayuzumi.”
“Well, you know, when Professor Arita is kind enough to invite
someone as humble as me to lunch, I figure something’s up.” His
friend grinned before resuming a straight face. “So? What’d you
do this time?”
I feel like I’ve heard that line really recently, Haruyuki
thought, but he gave up on thinking too deeply about it. After
quickly confirming there were no other students around, he put
out a slightly circuitous question. “Uh, so, like, Taku. I was just
thinking. Isn’t the school festival pretty risky? In terms of Burst
Linkers.”
“Oh. Yeah, it’s an event we need to be careful at. I mean, twice
a year, students from other schools can legitimately connect with
the in-school net, after all.”
“T-twice a year? What’s the other time?”

“The entrance ceremony, of course. But current students
aren’t at school on the day of the entrance ceremony, as a rule, so
the risk is a little greater at the school festival.”
Hearing this smooth explanation, Haruyuki nodded in understanding. “S-so then…it’d be pretty bad to give a student from another school an invitation when you know they’re a Burst
Linker…I guess?” Ever so timidly, he put forth this question, circling in on the heart of the matter, but fortunately, Taku appeared to be thinking of it in general terms. A broad, wry smile
crossed his face.
“Actually, I think that would be safer. I mean, that means that
you’re both cracked in the real to each other, right? Like the Red
King or Leopard. We could invite those two to the festival, and I
expect there wouldn’t be any security risk. But there would be
other kinds of risks,” he added in a quiet voice, though this did
not reach Haruyuki’s ears.
Instead, the boy secretly felt a rush of relief. If Niko or Pard
was okay, then Rin Kusakabe—similarly mutually cracked in the
real—would naturally be okay as well. In which case, he could assume that there was no need to obtain the understanding of his
Legion members in advance.
Right. I still have those two other invites. Maybe I should ask
Niko and Pard, too. No point in wasting the invitations. Okay!
After school, I’ll send them a quick message—
“What we should actually be careful about is the relatives and
friends the other students invite. There’s definitely a nonzero
possibility that one of them is a Burst Linker, you know.”
After a time lag, Takumu’s increasingly serious voice reached
Haruyuki’s brain, and he blinked rapidly. He thought for a moment and then nodded; that was true. “If one of them checked the

matching list just once during the festival, they’d know at a glance
that Umesato here is the headquarters for Nega Nebulus, I
guess.”
“Yeah. But the invited guests all have their real info on the register, so they’re carrying a certain amount of risk themselves. For
a Burst Linker, a school festival is an event that requires caution,
but that goes both ways. Students at the school hosting the festival, don’t let your guard down. And don’t just stop in on other
schools’ festivals. Right? I think Master’ll probably talk to us
about it soon.”
“Right…I guess so…” As Haruyuki digested this information
together with his yakisoba bread, Takumu grinned once more,
pushing up the bridge of his glasses.
“So who’re you inviting, Haru? Or did you already invite
them?”
“Huh? O-oh, that’s, I mean…”
“The number of Burst Linkers from other schools you know in
the real is fairly limited. Master’s probably inviting Raker and
Maiden, so then there’s the two in the Red Legion, and—”
“Uh, um, a-a-a-anyway, we should talk about what to do if
there really is some strange Burst Linker mixed in with the invited guests—”
What saved Haruyuki, as he flapped his right hand clutching
what little remained of his yakisoba bread, and his left hand, still
holding the yogurt drink pack, was an icon informing him of the
arrival of a text message. Takumu appeared to get one at the
same time, and he turned his gaze away.
Together, they opened the message, which was a brief missive
of two lines in a light-purple font against a black background: I

APOLOGIZE FOR THE SUDDENNESS, BUT I’D LIKE TO HAVE A MEETING IN

YOU’LL COME INTO THE STAGE THROUGH THE LOCAL NET AS
AUTOMATIC SPECTATORS, SO PLEASE MAKE YOUR PREPARATIONS. IF
THERE’S A PROBLEM, REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. At the end of the message, there was a butterfly mark as a signature.
FIVE MINUTES.

When the two boys closed their windows, having finished
reading the message, the mail deleted itself, which erased the
“mail arrival” mark as well. Haruyuki and Takumu exchanged a
glance and cocked their heads to one side in sync.
“I know she’s impatient, but even for her, this is sudden. And I
mean, a meeting in a duel stage—you think something happened?”
“Hmm. If it was about how to respond as a Legion on the day
of the school festival, she wouldn’t have to be so urgent about it,
right?”
Since there was no way Haruyuki was going to be able to understand something Takumu didn’t, he stopped thinking about it.
“At any rate, let’s eat. Like they say, you can’t accelerate on an
empty stomach.”
“They don’t say that. But yes, let’s.”
They made what was left of their yakisoba bread and sandwich lunches disappear in one minute, and then for dessert,
Haruyuki polished off a chocolate cornet and Takumu a package
of milk pudding before they nodded at each other, finished.
Chiyuri was having lunch with her girlfriends in the cafeteria, but
if the meeting was through a normal duel, then at most, it would
take 1.8 seconds. As long as she pretended she was on a full dive
in the local net, she wouldn’t have any problems.
By the time they had thrown their garbage down the chute in a
corner of the roof, they had one minute left. Haruyuki and

Takumu got ready to accelerate on the bench. Not even a second
past the time they had been warned of, a cold thunder roared in
their ears, and their consciousnesses were cut away from the real
world.

7
His second battlefield of the day was a Wasteland stage with a dry
wind howling through the gaps in strangely shaped, reddishbrown rocks. Of the natural-type, earth-attribute stages, it was
one of the most peaceful; there were no troublesome terrain effects or fearsome moving objects.
Thinking how lucky they were that they had gotten a stage
suitable for a meeting, Haruyuki checked the health gauges on
the left and right. On the right side—in the place of the challenger
—was Black Lotus. Which meant the challenged was Lime Bell.
The thought had no sooner come into his head than he saw that
the name on the left was Sky Raker.
“Huh?! Why is our sister connected to the Umesato local
net?!”
The voice came from directly behind him, so he looked back
and found the vivid yellow-green of Lime Bell. He sensed the
same question from Cyan Pile beside him, so Haruyuki explained,
having been made aware of this mechanism earlier.
“Kuroyukihime finally managed to set up a secret access gate
from outside.”
“O-oh.” Chiyuri sounded strangely impressed. “That’s just like
our Black King. Nothing she can’t cut through, huh?”
Takumu also nodded his head, wearing a face mask with its
horizontal slits, before looking around at their surroundings. “So
then Maiden would have to be in the Gallery, too.”

“Yes, I’m right here.” The response came from a fissure in the
rocky mountain that had originally been the first school building
of Umesato, rising up immediately to the north of them—a place
where the small shrine maiden avatar revealed herself.
They exchanged hellos with Utai Shinomiya, who would have
been connecting from the elementary division of Matsunogi
Academy to the south in Suginami Ward; then all four gazed into
the northwest. Guide cursors indicating two more duelists
pointed in that direction, but there was no sign of them yet.
Entry into buildings wasn’t possible in a Wasteland stage, or
rather there was no interior construction to the rocky mountains
that the buildings turned into, but the massive rocks that had
been the school and other large buildings in the real world were
laced with narrow cracks like a labyrinth. If you accidentally
ended up in one, it took a fair bit of effort to get out again.
“This is the direction of the student council office, right?
Should we go look for them?” Haruyuki proposed, wondering if
Kuroyukihime and Fuko were lost inside the mountain.
But before anyone could respond, a gray light flashed along
the surface of the mountain. The enormous rock offered up a
magnificent cross section before crumbling, and from within appeared Black Lotus, the jet-black duel avatar with long swords for
limbs, and Sky Raker, her long hair reminiscent of fluid metal as
it fluttered in the faint breeze, her slender body wrapped in a
white dress. The two of them looked at Haruyuki and the others
and then began to approach at a brisk pace.
“Sorry to keep you all waiting. We tried to leave the mountain,
but all the paths were dead ends.”
“Although, that said, cutting down the wall as a method of
tackling giant labyrinths is a good bit of heresy.”

“A-and who was it who suggested using Gale Thruster to fly
out?”
“You’re allowed to fly out of labyrinths with no roofs. That’s always been allowed.”
“L-liar. That is a lie.”
Haruyuki was more than willing to listen to the back-and-forth
of Kuroyukihime and Fuko, perfectly in sync as always, but unfortunately, the timer in the top of his field of view continued to
steadily decrease, so he timidly interjected, “Uh, um, Kuroyukihime, Master, maybe we should start the meeting?”
“Mmm. R-right. This isn’t the time to be talking about
labyrinths.” Kuroyukihime cleared her throat and straightened up
while Fuko stepped back to one side in the same beat. “First, I
apologize for interrupting your hard-won lunch hour. Sorry for
calling you here so abruptly.”
“I have to apologize as well. I was the one who asked Lotus to
convene the Legion.”
So it was Fuko who had such urgent information that she
couldn’t wait until after school for all the Legion members to
come together. Haruyuki and the other three at his side turned
their eyes on her, but she appeared to be leaving the telling to the
Legion Master; she urged Kuroyukihime on with a gesture.
The Black King nodded lightly and took the conversation in an
unexpected direction. “Do any of you know a boys’ junior
high/high school called Meihoku Academy in Shimokitazawa?”
This was the first Haruyuki had heard of it, but Takumu, who
was standing on the left end, raised the Pile Driver equipped in
his right arm slightly. “Yes, Master. It’s a fairly high-ranking academic school in the city.”

“Mmm. Their average scores on the national tests for the junior high division are about ten points higher than any year for us
at Umesato.”
Utterly unable to see where the conversation was going,
Haruyuki cocked his head. Unmoved by the reactions of her Legion members, Kuroyukihime continued smoothly.
“This sort of earnest academic school often is not very passionate about in-school events. They have a simplified version of the
school trip; they take care of gym tournaments and school festivals with minimal energy—things like that. Meihoku Academy in
Shimokita is one of these, and they hold their school festival for
half a day on a weekday. To be specific, this morning.”
“Uh, uh-huh.” As he made a noise of assent, thoughts wandered through his head: They wouldn’t get very many people
coming on a weekday, and finishing it before lunch meant there
probably wouldn’t be too many things on offer or anything.
“Master, you can’t mean”—from this bit of information,
Takumu had gleaned something Haruyuki hadn’t, and he put it
forward in a tense voice—“a raid on this school festival?”
“R-raid?!” Haruyuki cried out at the same time as Chiyuri, and
then finally understood the meaning of this. Although Takumu
used the word raid, no one had ever gone in and punched students from a rival school or occupied the building like armed terrorists. He was talking about the Accelerated World, naturally.
“It seems that three members of Great Wall are enrolled at
Meihoku. They were challenged by a single Burst Linker via the
local net, which had been opened up for invited guests for the festival. And they lost.”
“…!”

Haruyuki and Chiyuri were not alone in gasping; even Takumu
and Utai, who had likely figured out where this was going, took
sharp breaths.
Since the duel fields in Brain Burst were based in reality, if you
dueled in school, then the terrain was re-created with the placement of the school buildings and gym just as they were in the real
world. In other words, the terrain advantage would have been
with the three students at Meihoku Academy.
“Sacchi. Do you know the difference in level between the
raider and the three who lost?” Utai asked.
“This is just hearsay,” Fuko responded in Kuroyukihime’s
place, “so it’s not certain, but the three were at level five and six.
In contrast, the raider was apparently level six.”
“Essentially the same level. And yet total victory on enemy territory. This is no small matter. What if the raider was using…?”
“That does appear to be the case. The three from Meihoku
were apparently helplessly defeated by beams and punches with a
black effect,” Fuko noted.
“Ah!” Haruyuki shouted instantly, in perfect harmony with
Chiyuri once more. “ISS kit!”
“There’s no doubt about it. An ISS kit user has finally knocked
on the front door and attacked a corner of the six great Legions.”
Kuroyukihime paused there before announcing the rest in a voice
that was increasingly tense. “After handily beating the third one,
she apparently left a message: ‘If you want this power, come to
Setagaya Area Number Five.’”
Haruyuki unconsciously clenched his hands into tight fists. At
levels five and six, these were solid Linkers who had long since
left their newbie days behind. And people who belonged to Great

Wall wouldn’t give in to such blatant temptation—or so he
wanted to believe. But the power of the ISS kit was too overwhelming. Even Haruyuki, about to advance to the second stage
of the Incarnate System, felt a deep terror toward that comprehensive long- and short-range power.
The desire to become stronger was a basic one shared by all
Burst Linkers. Shown a power that was impossible to oppose and
then told they could have it, too, how many people in the Accelerated World would not be moved at all? Haruyuki himself had
given in to the temptation of the Armor of Catastrophe more than
once and called its name.
“The key point here is that rather than a duel via the normal
global net, she targeted the school festival and attacked on the
local in-school net.”
At Takumu’s voice, Haruyuki’s thoughts stopped, and he lifted
his face. The indigo duel avatar, while being the most heavyweight, close-range type in Nega Nebulus, was also something of
a staff officer.
“For the majority of Burst Linkers,” he continued as he
brought his left hand up to his face mask, “I think the school they
go to is the ‘final fortress,’ equally or more important than their
own homes. Even more so when there are several Linkers in the
same school—when you have comrades there. To be attacked at
that school and completely demolished on top of that has to be a
fairly serious mental shock. Like what we ourselves experienced
this April.”
“Taku,” Haruyuki said without realizing, but Takumu shook
his head slightly as if to say he was okay. When the “marauder”
Dusk Taker took everything two months earlier—or when they
had believed he had—Haruyuki for sure and most likely Takumu
as well had been more than shocked; he had been beaten down to

the depths of despair.
In fact, hadn’t Haruyuki at that time clung with all his might to
the hope that Ash Roller had shown him? It was fortunate that
Ash had introduced him to Sky Raker, but what if he had encountered an ISS kit user before Ash and been told that they would
give him that power? He wasn’t sure he would have refused.
“If the three Linkers at Meihoku Academy are thinking that
the thing they should protect above all else is destroyed, the possibility that they will accept the raider’s invitation is not zero…I
think,” Takumu said, almost murmured, and lifted his face to
look at Kuroyukihime and ask her in a firm voice, “Master, what
was the name of the Burst Linker who attacked the Meihoku festival?”
“Mmm. Yes. I didn’t tell you yet, did I? Magenta Scissor.”
The instant he heard this name, Takumu nodded as if his suspicions were confirmed, but Haruyuki and Chiyuri were unable to
hear this without reacting violently.
“What?!”
“That’s—”
Their simultaneous shouts drew the eyes of the other four
members.
They looked at each other and nodded. They had been planning to tell everyone that day after school. This meeting could actually be said to be a windfall.
“Um. This report is a bit late, but last night, Chiyuri and I
crossed swords with Magenta Scissor in the Setagaya area,” he offered ever so timidly, and now it was Kuroyukihime and the others crying out in surprise.

“What?! So if you were with Chiyuri, a tag-team match then?!
Who was Magenta’s partner?!”
The questions came at a rapid-fire pace, and he brought his
hand to the back of his helmet as he replied, “Uh, um, more than
a tag match—it was like a group fight. It wasn’t a normal duel. We
ran into them in the Unlimited Neutral Field, so…”
The other four appeared speechless, so Haruyuki cleared his
throat once before explaining in order the events of the previous
evening.
The fact that Chiyuri discovered an Enemy that attacked with
a laser near Sakurajosui Station in Setagaya Area No. 2. That they
visited the Unlimited Neutral Field to do special training for the
Theoretical Mirror ability with this Enemy as his opponent, and
that an unexpected encounter was waiting for them there. And
about the fierce battle with the shock troops led by Magenta Scissor and their hard-won victory.
“And the three members of Chocolat Puppeteer’s Legion Petit
Paquet want to come to Suginami soon and say hello. I didn’t
think that would be a particular problem, so I said sure. That’s
okay, right?” Haruyuki wrapped up his story with that question.
Kuroyukihime exchanged glances first with Fuko and then
Utai before shaking her head back and forth, even as she assented. “Yes, well, that’s not a problem. But I’m surprised you
had the energy for such a grand adventure right after your revenge match with Wolfram Cerberus.”
“I-if I had known all that would happen, I wouldn’t have
gone!” Haruyuki replied reflexively, but then quickly took it back.
“N-no, if I had known, I probably would have actually invited you
and Master and Mei and Taku so all of us could go.”
“Exactly. We couldn’t just leave Choco and them. I’m really

glad we dived at that time yesterday. If we had been even five
minutes later, it might have all been over.”
Haruyuki nodded deeply at this from Chiyuri, and then continued with a but. “But, Chiyu, if—no, probably, Magenta Scissor attacked Meihoku Academy because of the fight yesterday.” He
turned his face toward Kuroyukihime. “Kuroyukihime, after the
fight yesterday was over, I told Magenta Scissor that it was a contest to see whether she reached her objective first or we destroyed
the ISS kit main body first. And she said she would give up on the
north and head east. Shimokitazawa’s on the eastern edge of Setagaya area, right? So then, Magenta Scissor is acting on that declaration. In a sense, it’s like I made her do this.”
“You’re wrong, Haruyuki.”
At some point, Haruyuki had dropped his head, but at the
sound of his master’s voice, he jerked his face up again.
Because his face mask was almost completely covered by
amethyst-colored, semi-mirrored goggles, the expression on the
face of the Black King couldn’t be seen, unlike with the face
masks of Sky Raker and Lime Bell. Even so, Haruyuki sensed that
Kuroyukihime was smiling sternly and gently.
“What you did was protect a Legion that might well have been
wiped out last night and release two Burst Linkers from the control of the ISS kits. That’s all. Given that she subdued Setagaya
Areas Two through Five with force, it was only a matter of time
before Magenta Scissor made her way into Setagaya Area Number One, which includes Shimokitazawa. How could you be responsible for that? …Although I’m just a little displeased I was
not invited to your special training.”
“That’s right, Haru, Chii. If you had just said something, I
would’ve gone, too,” Takumu interjected after Kuroyukihime,

sounding a little hurt.
“N-no, that was just—” Haruyuki hurriedly waved both hands.
“It was sort of like things just kind of went that way, like in the
moment. Like I said before, if I had known we’d end up in that
kind of fighting, I would have dragged you along whether you
liked it or not.”
“Ha-ha! I know. And…Chii was probably just watching out for
me. I mean, you were in Setagaya and all.”
Haruyuki was slightly surprised at this from Takumu, but
Chiyuri shrugged and said, in a tone that wavered between rejecting and agreeing with this statement, “Um, more than watching
out for you, it was more like it might make you remember something you didn’t want to.”
When Haruyuki thought very carefully about it, it had only
been nine days ago, on Tuesday of the week before, when
Takumu had headed out to Setagaya area on his own and been
given the ISS kit by Magenta Scissor. The following day, he had
been attacked in the real by the PK group Supernova Remnant
and forced to activate the ISS kit; for a time, Takumu had squared
himself with the idea that he might soon no longer be a Burst
Linker. He would need a little more time to completely shake off
those hard memories.
However, Takumu shook his head slightly after Chiyuri spoke.
“Thanks, Chii,” he said calmly. “But I’m okay. Right now, I feel
like the fact that I lost to the temptation of the ISS kit, my fight
with Haru, and you and Haru pulling me back are all part of my
strength.”
“We grow only stronger from the number of our mistakes.”
Utai nodded, her small face mask shifting as she spoke. “It is exactly as Mayuzumi says. We, too, have made many of our own

mistakes.” Fuko and Kuroyukihime—likely included in the “We,
too”—cleared their throats, looking uncomfortable. Once the
mood had relaxed, Utai announced in a clear, adorable voice that
could only be heard in the Accelerated World, “But I do not think
that Arita’s behavior at this time was a mistake. Arita, and
Kurashima as well, did whatever they could in a difficult situation. Just like they have in the many fights up till now.”
“It’d be nice…if that was true…”
“It is true. It’s important to reflect on the past, but more important is what we will do from now on. You told Magenta that
this was a contest, yes, Arita? In that case, we must simply do exactly that.”
“Um, ‘exactly that’? So you mean…destroy the main ISS kit
body?” Haruyuki put the question forward timidly.
“Yes, I do!” Utai replied sharply.
The only thing to do to eliminate the ISS kits plaguing the Accelerated World was to cut them out at the root. Haruyuki also
understood that, but the kit main body was hidden away on the
top floor of the Tokyo Midtown Tower rising up over distant
Akasaka. And on top of that, it was guarded by the Legend-class
Enemy, the Archangel Metatron, unbeatable outside of a Hell
stage.
There was only one power that could resist the immediate
death dispensed by Metatron’s laser—a legendary ability possessed only by Ardor Maiden’s parent and real-life older brother,
Mirror Masker, the power to reflect all light techniques, Theoretical Mirror.
“Oh!” The cry slipped out of not just Haruyuki’s mouth, but
also Chiyuri’s at the same time. They had finally remembered the
unresolved question of the investigation interrupted by Chiyuri’s

mother’s special sweet-and-sour pork with pineapple the previous evening.
“Right, right! Kuroyukihime, it’s serious! I mean, Haru—”
“A-ah! I’ll tell her!!” Haruyuki tugged on Chiyuri’s cloak-type
armor from behind to make her stop talking. After thinking for a
minute about where to start, he first turned to Kuroyukihime and
asked a roundabout question, “Um. Kuroyukihime, I just want to
check something first. What kind of effect did the Theoretical
Mirror ability actually have? Like, did it change the direction of a
laser fired at the user…and let it flow off?”
“Mmm. Mmm. I’ve only seen it in action a few times. What
about you, Fuko?”
“The same. You and I have nothing to do with light techniques,
after all.”
Kuroyukihime and Fuko glanced at Utai, seemingly concerned. The small shrine maiden avatar nodded as if to say she
was okay, too, before speaking clearly: “I will answer that, Arita.
Rather than let the laser flow off, it might be more accurate to say
that Theoretical Mirror dispersed it. To be more specific, my
brother would take an unmoving posture and break up the lighttype attacks focused on himself into countless thin lines and erase
them. Something like that.”
“Break into countless lines and erase…” Repeating her words,
Haruyuki instinctively replayed in the back of his mind the scene
in which he dealt with Lava Carbuncle’s red laser the previous
evening. He had repelled the laser that hit his crossed arms back
and to the left. Or rather, he had bent its trajectory and targeted
Avocado. No matter how he looked at it, the expression “break
apart and erase” just did not fit.
Wait. I’ve had this vague awareness of it ever since I was eat-

ing sweet-and-sour pork with extra pineapple in the Kurashima
dining room last night. That I awakened some counterfeit ability
to the Theoretical Mirror that I was supposed to get. Because…
“The name of the technique was different, right…,” Chiyuri announced mercilessly.
Haruyuki dropped his head. His body kept moving until his
knees were on the ground, and he shifted into a formal kneeling
position.
“Wh-what is the matter, Arita?” Utai’s scarlet eye lenses
opened wide.
Haruyuki turned toward her and the similarly dumbfounded
Kuroyukihime and Fuko and tragically confessed, “I-I’m sorry!
I…learned the wrong ability!”
Three minutes later.
Having heard the rest of the story, Kuroyukihime and the others crossed their arms, put their hands to their mouths, and
groaned together.
“Mm-hmm. This is indeed an unexpected development,”
mused Kuroyukihime.
“So rather than Theoretical Mirror, Optical Conduction?” said
Fuko.
“We can’t say anything until we see it in action, right?” asked
Takumu.
Haruyuki took all this in with his head hanging deeply, and a
small hand was placed gently on his shoulder. The slender white
fingers were those of Ardor Maiden.

“Please lift your head up, Arita. You have nothing you need to
apologize for.”
“B-but I…After you took the trouble to tell me about mirrors
and all kinds of stuff, Shinomiya…”
“Acquiring new abilities outside of level-up bonuses is essentially a very difficult thing. And yet a mere three days after the
meeting of the Seven Kings, you were able to awaken a new
power. You should instead be standing tall. Now please get to
your feet.”
Utai tugged on his arm, and Haruyuki stood up, shrinking into
himself as he did. When he lifted his eyes, immediately before
him were the forms of Kuroyukihime and Fuko. A black, swordshaped hand and a slender, sky-blue hand reached out from either side to gently touch his arms.
“It’s just as Utai says, Haruyuki. As far as I know, you are the
only one who has twice succeeded in awakening your potential.”
“And even if the name of the ability is different, it’s still too
soon to despair, Corvus. All it has to do is defend against Metatron’s laser. From what we’ve heard of the phenomenon, I believe
it has that possibility.”
Hearing these warm words from his masters, Haruyuki was finally able to relax his shoulders. The truth was, he’d wanted to go
for a while without telling Kuroyukihime and the others about the
fact that he had gotten the wrong ability. He was afraid of being
scolded or disappointing them, but when he thought about it,
staying quiet was much more disloyal. There wasn’t a single good
thing about Legion members hiding things from each other.
Haruyuki should have learned that much during the Armor of
Catastrophe incident.
I’m going to just say the things that need to be said. Because

Kuroyukihime and Master and Shinomiya and, of course, Taku
and Chiyu are my precious comrades. Murmuring this to himself, Haruyuki thought about whether there was anything else he
should tell them and remembered one other critical concern.
They still had nearly half of the duel time remaining, and if he
didn’t take this chance to tell them, he’d probably drag it out
again.
“Um, Kuroyukihime, there was one other thing besides the
ability thing.” As he spoke, he opened his storage and turned the
two cards tucked away there into objects. He offered them to her,
crimson font on their black surfaces.
“Mmm.” Kuroyukihime brought her semi-mirrored goggles
closer, suspiciously. “What’s this?”
“Um, ISS kits.”
The instant she heard this from Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime
threw her head back and then retreated with a hovering movement. A moment later, everyone else—other than Chiyuri—also
got some distance, almost flying back. Takumu’s sliding step was
particularly large.
“Huh? What…Wh-what’s the matter, Kuroyukihime? And
Taku, you too?” Haruyuki took a step toward them, cards still in
hand.
“D-don’t come near me, Haru!” Takumu shouted, leaping back
again. “I made a decision not to come within two meters of those
things!”
“But you just said you were okay now. It’s fine; they’re in a
sealed card state.”
“Th-they’re still dangerous!”

Getting this violent of a reaction, Haruyuki was suddenly
seized by a childish urge to gradually close in on Takumu, cards
thrust out in front of him. But you’re almost in high school, he
told himself, and he gave up on the idea.
“C-Corvus, why do you have those things?” asked Fuko, who
stood to his right.
“Um.” Haruyuki turned to face her. “After the fight was over
yesterday, Magenta Scissor gave them to me.” The looks on everyone’s faces grew more severe, so he quickly added, “But it wasn’t
like she was expecting me to use them or setting a trap that would
just activate them on their own or anything.”
“But I heard you can’t replicate the ISS kits unless you fight
and cultivate them. So then for Magenta, the ISS kits should be
quite precious. Why would she hand them over to you, C?”
Utai’s question was a natural one. Haruyuki had said it wasn’t
a trap, but he still couldn’t even guess at Magenta’s intention.
“She said something about how the ISS kits had been tainted
by true feelings or kindness or something,” Chiyuri murmured,
and everyone turned their eyes on her. “But I don’t think that’s
the real reason. I mean, she knows my power is to rewind. So like,
she had to understand that the kits she got back after I rewound
things were in the state they were before she parasitized Mint and
Plum.”
“I see. She could have used them to parasitize other Burst
Linkers, and yet she gave them to Haruyuki, hmm? Excellent.
Fuko and I shall take them.” Kuroyukihime nodded once and
then hovered over to him as she reached out the sword of her
right hand.
Secretly relieved, Haruyuki moved one of the black cards to his
other hand and offered them up simultaneously. With the tip of

her sword, which had the function to adhere to small objects,
Kuroyukihime took one, while Fuko took the other with a fairly
wary look. Together, they held the cards up.
“Uh, um, they—” Haruyuki unconsciously called out a warning
as he watched intently. “If you activate them with a voice command or use them in a pop-up menu, they’ll parasitize you, so
please be careful, okay?”
“Mmm. Understood. However, the idea that you could have
two Incarnate techniques, short- and long-range, just by using
one of these…” Kuroyukihime sighed, as if it were hard to believe.
“Honestly, you know?” Fuko nodded beside her. “How on
earth did they make such an item? At this stage, we don’t have
the slightest—”
At that moment, a small gap opened up in the rows of cirrus
clouds filling the sky of the Wasteland stage, and the slightest red
sunbeam reached the ground. The light hit the backside of the
cards Kuroyukihime and Fuko held up, and the dense matte black
grew a tiny bit lighter.
Instantly, stunned cries came from both girls.
“Wha—?”
“Th-this crest?!” Kuroyukihime appeared to be the more surprised of the two. The card moved away from the tip of her sword
and fell spinning to the ground.
Haruyuki quickly reached out his right hand to catch it in
midair and then held it up to the light himself. On the jet-black
surface, “Incarnate System Study Kit” was inscribed in crimson
roman letters. And then the red light that hit the back of the card
brought out a small mark in the center of the row of text.

The design was of two revolver-type guns crossed. He had no
recollection of ever seeing it before. If pressed to note some special characteristic of the mark, he would say the barrels of the
guns were fairly long, but that was about it. He couldn’t think of
any Burst Linker who used weapons like this, either.
“Is this someone’s crest?” he asked, pulling his gaze away from
the card and turning toward Kuroyukihime, but he received no
reply from her.
On behalf of their Legion Master, for whom the shock still
hadn’t worn off, Legion Submaster Fuko announced softly, “This
crest…is that of the previous Red King, Red Rider.”

8
After school.
Having finished taking care of his Animal Care Club duties,
Haruyuki avoided the front yard, crowded with students busy
preparing for the school festival, and returned to the first school
building through the inner courtyard. When he stood in front of
the sliding door of the student council office, deep inside on the
first floor, an entry request window popped up in the center of his
field of view. But before he could tap it, the door was unlocked
from inside.
“Excuse me,” he announced himself in a quiet voice and slid
the door open. On the other side, the usual dignified atmosphere
filled the room, so solemn it was hard to believe the room was in
the same junior high. When he closed the door behind him, the
hustle and bustle of the school at the end of the day receded at
once, and only the faint sound of the student council office server
machine could be heard.
Haruyuki took pains to walk softly—although the floor was
covered in a thick carpet, so he wouldn’t have made much of a
sound even if he had walked normally—and took a few steps forward when the person hard at work at the large desk facing him
lifted her head and said, coolly, “Oh, sorry for calling you in when
you’re busy.”
“No, I’m pretty used to taking care of Hoo now, so.”
“Mm-hmm. Sorry, just give me five more seconds…Okay,
done.”

The person who saved the file she had been working on and
then stood up was, of course, the vice president of the Umesato
student council, Kuroyukihime. None of the other council members were there, so he was alone in a closed room at school with
Kuroyukihime, a situation that gave Haruyuki heart palpitations
in a variety of ways.
He had actually invited Utai Shinomiya, aka the super president of the Animal Care Club and person with whom he had been
working until a few minutes earlier, to come along with him, but
for some reason, she had grinned and said, I’LL HOLD OFF TODAY.
Takumu and Chiyuri were at practice, and Fuko went to a school
in far-off Shibuya Ward.
Thus, Haruyuki was forced to stand at attention alone in the
center of the room at the unexpected situation, while Kuroyukihime moved with a gallant step from the desk to the small kitchen
built into the wall on the west side.
“Is tea all right with you, Haruyuki?” she asked.
“Oh! Y-yes!”
“With milk, lemon, or perhaps brandy?”
“M-milk, please,” he replied, after judging that the last option
was probably a joke.
“Mmm, understood.” Kuroyukihime nodded casually and yet
was surprisingly smooth in her tea preparations. Carrying a tray,
she walked over to the sofa set in the southwest corner, and
Haruyuki awkwardly followed.
“Please, have a seat.”
“O-okay.” He lowered himself onto the sofa—synthetic leather
but with a soft touch—and she arranged cups and saucers for two

on the low table before pouring tea from the pot. Her words and
movements were extremely natural, but even so, Haruyuki sensed
the faintest hint of pain in the expression of his beloved sword
master.
That, too, was natural. The text message Kuroyukihime had
sent him between fifth and sixth periods had included the following: I NEED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT THE FIRST RED KING, RED RIDER.
In January of that year, Kuroyukihime, at the request of the
second Red King, Scarlet Rain, had gone on a mission to subjugate the fifth Chrome Disaster together with Haruyuki and
Takumu. However, lying in wait for them in the Ikebukuro area
of the Unlimited Neutral Field was a large attack force from Crypt
Cosmic Circus, the Legion led by the Yellow King, Yellow Radio.
Kuroyukihime had nonetheless turned resolutely to face them
until Radio played a certain replay card.
Recorded on it was the ghastly scene of Black Lotus, the Black
King, taking off the head of Red Rider, the first Red King, in a
single blow at the first meeting of the Seven Kings, which had
been approximately three years earlier at the time. Being shown
this out of the blue had given Kuroyukihime an enormous shock,
which went so far as to trigger the zero-fill phenomenon, and she
had collapsed on the spot. It had been six months since then. As
the leader of the new Nega Nebulus, Kuroyukihime had cut down
numerous powerful enemies, but the wound carved in the depths
of her heart could not have disappeared completely.
So with the surprise reveal of Red Rider’s crest on the ISS
kits, I guess Kuroyukihime’s trying to face her own wounds, but
is it really okay if it’s just me here? Haruyuki couldn’t help but
have this thought—in fact, only recently, he would have gone so
far as to drag another Legion member along with him there, or
perhaps simply run away. Now, however, he said nothing, but
rather quietly waited for her to speak.

Kuroyukihime was indeed Haruyuki’s parent and Legion Master, as well as an absolutely invincible level niner. But at the same
time, she was just a junior high school girl, a year older than he
was, a girl who had the same struggles, pain, and fears as he did,
as well as the desire to be rescued from time to time, like he did.
He couldn’t always be the one leaning on her and being protected.
Kuroyukihime. If I’m what you want, I’ll always be right by
your side. I’ll never try to keep anything quiet from you again.
There was no way she could have heard these words he whispered to himself, but she touched her cup of chai to her lips and
then abruptly began speaking as she lowered it again. But the details of what she said were, for Haruyuki, fairly unexpected. “Say,
Haruyuki, what do you think the ultimate long-range attack
power is?”
“Huh? The ultimate…long-range attack power?” After parroting her words back at her, he thought it over. “I guess it’d be an
attack with serious range and firepower that could send a distant
enemy flying in a single shot. Like Niko—I mean, Scarlet Rain’s
main armament.”
“Mmm. I suppose. The Immobile Fortress’s real armament is
undisputedly the most powerful long-range attack currently in
the Accelerated World. If it came down to a one-on-one shootout, even Crikin’s robot couldn’t beat her.”
“Huh? C-Cri— Who’s that?”
“Sorry, a tangent. I’ll explain later. Let’s continue with the
main topic for now.” The smile bleeding out around the corners
of Kuroyukihime’s mouth disappeared, and she leaned her slender body back against the sofa. “Just as you note, it goes without
saying that Niko is the most powerful red type. But I wonder if

that equals ultimate.”
“So you mean there’s a difference between most powerful and
ultimate? What kind?” At some point, Haruyuki had been completely drawn into the conversation, and he leaned forward on the
sofa.
Kuroyukihime moved her gaze around like she was thinking
about something and then lifted a finger in a very teacherly gesture. “You said before: serious range and firepower, hmm? So
then which do you think is the true nature of the red-type duel
avatar’s power?”
“I think…” He only had to contemplate for a second before replying almost immediately. “It’s the range. The absolute firepower—the instantaneous force—is maybe higher with the blue
types.”
“Mmm. Exactly. If, hypothetically, the attack had something
like a damage meter attached, the Blue King, Blue Knight, would
likely get a higher reading than Niko. So then, the true nature of
Niko’s power is the long range. I suppose. Assuming a max of
three thousand meters…”
What? Three kilometers is just too—, Haruyuki was about to
say, but then he stopped himself. Because although that was the
distance from one edge of a normal duel field to the other, he actually thought Niko could probably shoot that far. He wiped away
the cold sweat that sprang up on his forehead with the back of his
hand and bobbed his head.
“Which means even that girl couldn’t hit an enemy farther
away than that. This is the reason I say the most powerful is not
the ultimate. Don’t you think if the ultimate blue-type power is to
cut through anything, then the ultimate red-type power is a shot
that reaches anywhere?” Kuroyukihime grinned, and Haruyuki

was at a loss for words for a moment.
Blinking his eyes rapidly, he shook his head quickly from side
to side and objected, “B-but, Kuroyukihime, that means, then,
unlimited range…doesn’t it? Like, a bullet fired in the Unlimited
Neutral Field in Tokyo would just keep going to Okinawa…sort of.
That kind of power, I mean, serious firepower just doesn’t exist. I
don’t think.”
What if it does exist, though? Haruyuki broke out in a sweat
once more, but fortunately, Kuroyukihime smiled again and
laughed off the idea herself.
“Ha-ha! It’s true—I don’t know of any avatar that incredible.
But…the idea that a bullet fired by one’s own weapon could reach
an enemy no matter how far away they are…In a certain sense,
there was someone who expressed this ultimate ability in the Accelerated World.”
Here, a moment of pain raced through Kuroyukihime’s eyes
again, but drawn into the conversation as he was, before he noticed it, Haruyuki was already asking, “Wh-what do you mean?
Not unlimited range, but reaching however far? I feel like that’s a
contradiction.”
“It’s simple. It’s like this. The weapon is yours, but someone
else pulls the trigger. In that case, theoretically, you could shoot
an enemy in Okinawa from Tokyo? You’d just have to entrust the
weapon to someone in Tokyo and have them go to Okinawa.”
“Th-that kind of cheat,” Haruyuki retorted, flapping his hands.
“I mean, the weapon’s an Enhanced Armament, right? I don’t
think you can really just hand those over to someone else so easily as that.”
As far as Haruyuki knew, there were only four ways to obtain
an Enhanced Armament: (1) initial equipment, (2) level-up

bonus, (3) shop purchase, and (4) driving another Burst Linker to
total point loss and taking the Armament from them; that was it.
Even if (4) was out of the question, the other three were also
fairly difficult. Buying it in the shop seemed easy, but since a
powerful Enhanced Armament actually cost enough points for a
player to go up an entire level, in a certain sense, buying it wasn’t
all that different from sinking the points into a level-up bonus.
“It’s just as you say, Haruyuki.” At some point, a tranquil expression had come across Kuroyukihime’s face, and she nodded
gently. “However, there used to be a lone exception in the Accelerated World. The power to produce one’s own Enhanced Armament: the ability Arms Creation. The person who possessed this
ability…was the first Red King, also known as Master Gunsmith,
Red Rider.”
The Legion meeting over the lunch break approximately four
hours earlier had ended in confusion: Immediately after Fuko
gave voice to the name Red Rider, Kuroyukihime had told all of
them, “Give me a little time,” and brought the topic of the ISS kits
to a close there. Then she and the others had discussed the main
agenda item she’d called them together for: confirming their
course of action for a Magenta Scissor raid at the school festival
(though, that said, the plan was basically just to be on maximum
alert at the Umesato festival on Sunday), and then the meeting
had been abruptly called to a close.
When they were about to leave, Fuko had sidled over to him
and murmured, “June’s almost over, you know? ” but it was still
clear the double-gun crest hidden on the ISS kits was seriously
troubling her.
During his afternoon classes, 10 percent or so of Haruyuki’s
brain was occupied by the former Red King. He noted in his mind
all the information he had ever heard about Red Rider, but the
list was surprisingly short. His name, the fact that he had been

the leader of Prominence before Niko, and the fact that three
years earlier, he had been hit with Black Lotus’s sudden death
technique, lost all his points, and been forever banished from the
Accelerated World. That was basically all he knew.
Even still, from the fact that his color name was crowned with
red—the pure color itself—Haruyuki had vaguely assumed that he
had boasted incredibly awesome long-range attack power: massive firepower exceeding even that of Niko in fortress mode.
However, this ability of his that Kuroyukihime was now telling
him about was far beyond anything Haruyuki had imagined.
The power to produce Enhanced Armaments…
“Arms Creation? Th-that means the power to make as many guntype Enhanced Armaments as he wanted?” Haruyuki asked ever
so timidly.
“It wasn’t quite that impressive of an ability.” Kuroyukihime
shook her head, a faint smile crossing her lips. “I remember him
telling me that to forge just one gun required serious payment on
his side. Although, of course, he didn’t tell me exactly what that
payment was.”
“Still, that’s an amazing ability. He could gradually enhance
his Legion members with his own power.”
“Indeed. In fact, there were plenty of Burst Linkers in Prominence at the time equipped with handguns and rifles made by
Rider. Apparently, some even switched over from their own original Enhanced Armaments. For that alone, I suppose Rider would
have been adored by his Legion members.” Kuroyukihime cut
herself off there and turned her gaze on the evening scene on the
other side of the window before continuing, almost in a murmur,
“The guns he forged were all extremely accurate, you see. They
gave us quite a bit of trouble in the Territories. About the only

one who could shake free of the barrage of bullets and break
through to the enemy was Fuko, equipped with Gale Thruster.
The ICBM strategy, where she would fly in carrying Uiui and airdrop her into the enemy firing squad, was something we came up
with out of necessity.”
“I—I get it.” Nodding his agreement, he took another sip of
milk tea before giving voice to the question that abruptly popped
up in his mind. “But I mean, listening to this, it’s like Red Rider
was really generous. He trusted the Legion members unconditionally, huh? I mean, there was the possibility that the Burst
Linkers he gave the guns he made to would take them and transfer to some other Legion, right?”
“Mmm. I suppose. It’s true Rider didn’t concern himself with
the details; he was a thoroughly positive, passionate fellow. But it
isn’t as though even he would hand out his weapons without any
kind of safety whatsoever.”
“Safety? What do you mean?”
“Exactly what I said. All the guns Rider made were equipped
with a safety modeled after the crossed guns crest you saw at
lunch today. And he could lock that safety from a distance. Even
after he handed the gun over to someone else, mmm? So supposing a Legion member were to switch Legions, gun and all, they
would never be able to pull the trigger of that gun again.”
“Whoa, this power just keeps getting more amazing,”
Haruyuki groaned admiringly. “He couldn’t actually fire long distance, could he?”
“It does appear that he indeed could not, and we kings used to
roll our eyes at it.” Kuroyukihime smiled faintly. “If he’s going to
activate a safety, then the power to recover the gun itself would be
better. Rider would always say in response, ‘It’s not like I de-

signed the ability, you know.’”
Here, Kuroyukihime lifted her teacup and, without bringing it
to her mouth, returned it to the saucer a few seconds later. She let
out a thin sigh, head hanging, and murmured in an almost
soundless voice, “Haruyuki…Is it all right if I come sit next to
you?”
“Huh?! Oh, uh, um, um.” His heart suddenly began to move at
double speed, and he fell into a half-frozen state, unable to say
yes or no.
But without waiting for a reply, the older student, clad in
black, stood up smoothly from the sofa. She went around the coffee table and soon sat down immediately to his left. A refreshing
scent tickled his sense of smell, and a faint warmth that would
have been impossible to re-create with avatars in the virtual
world stroked the skin of his left arm.
“There are social cameras in this room as well. But for this distance, no security’s going to come charging in.” As she whispered
this, Kuroyukihime leaned her slender body against Haruyuki.
Her arms, stretching out from her short-sleeved shirt, touched
his own, and his mind raced. At this distance, he could hold in his
feelings or he could leave zero distance between them—but he
forced down the feelings quickly rising up within him.
He knew instinctively what Kuroyukihime wanted. She was
about to confess something very difficult, and during that confession, she wanted him to support her. In which case, as her child,
as a Legion member, and as a male student who adored the vice
president, he had to do what he had to do.
“Kuroyukihime. I said this before, too, but…no matter what
happens, I’ll always be right by your side,” Haruyuki said as if
firming up his resolve.

“Before?” Kuroyukihime cocked her head curiously, still extremely close to him. “When are we talking about?”
“Huh? Uh, um.” Panicked, he replayed the movie of his memories and paused on a certain scene. He had definitely said almost
the exact same thing immediately after sitting down on this sofa—
“Ah! I-I’m sorry! I didn’t so much say it as just think it in my
head.”
It was one thing to get mixed up with a neurospeak voice-directing, but something was wrong with him mistaking speaking
for a simple thought. Haruyuki was thoroughly embarrassed.
“Honestly.” A slender finger reached out abruptly and poked
his cheek. “You never change. It’s basically all right if you stay
like this, but next time, make sure to communicate these kinds of
thoughts in words. Out loud.”
“R-right. I will.”
“Mmm. Please do.” She nodded primly and pulled her finger
away from Haruyuki’s check, tucking it back into her hand before
taking a deep breath and speaking somewhat abruptly. “Summer
three years ago. I was in grade six. If we cut straight to the reason
I sliced off Red Rider’s head with an Incarnate-enhanced special
attack, it’s…it’s directly connected with Rider’s abilities Arms
Creation and Distance Safety.”
“Huh?!” Haruyuki was stunned. “It wasn’t because of the
nonaggression pact the Red King was advocating?!”
“There was indeed that.” Next to him, Kuroyukihime pulled
her chin back a centimeter or so. “But immediately before the
first meeting of the Seven Kings was held and became the stage
for tragedy, I received certain information from one of the kings.
Red Rider wasn’t just proposing a mutual nonaggression pact
among the seven major Legions—he was also completing ‘physi-

cal means’ of essentially forcing it to be enacted.”
“Physical…means…”
“Yes. You might well call it an absolute power. A gun that
would be distributed to all of the seven major Legions on which
the safety would only be released in the event of an attack by another Legion. In appearance, it was a very ordinary revolver-type
handgun, but it was no mere Enhanced Armament. It shot immensely powerful Incarnate bullets, the accuracy rate was one
hundred percent, and the number of bullets it held was infinite.
So, for example, if a hundred people came at you in the Territories, as long as the defending side had this gun, they would have
the power to easily wipe out the enemy.”
Kuroyukihime’s words at once brought Haruyuki’s temperature—which had started to rise at being pressed up against her—
back down at once. Aware of the gooseflesh standing up on his
arms, he shook his head in a motion that resembled shivering.
“Th-that’s…I mean, he might have been a king, but there’s no way
he could make something like that, that kind of powerful Enhanced Armament from scratch. I mean, even the Seven Arcs
don’t have that kind of power.”
“I…also thought that when I first heard this; I didn’t believe it.
But, well, the king who told me about it had an actual Incarnate
gun. Said that it was a sample from Rider. She demonstrated it
for me in a duel stage with just the two of us. It was a Demon
City, with its solid terrain, but…I saw a third of the stage become
level ground pocked with craters in mere seconds. And the side of
the gun was indeed emblazoned with the crossed guns emblem
and a safety.”
Having gotten this far in her explanation, Kuroyuki slumped
against Haruyuki’s shoulder. Her face was turned far downward,
and he couldn’t see the look on it. After a brief silence, the voice

that came was tinged once more with an echo of sorrow somehow.
“I was pushed into a state of serious confusion and anxiety.
The fact that Rider hoped for the stagnation of the world so much
that he would create this gun, so like the nuclear deterrence
forces of old, was a shock to me. I believed his motivation for creating weapons was simply that he was seeking the excitement and
delight of the duel.”
She laced the fingers of both hands together and squeezed before continuing her monologue.
“Until I was shown that gun, I thought I would be able to persuade Rider with words—ask him what the meaning was of the
existence of Burst Linkers that didn’t fight, tell him we should
continue to duel even if we were saddled with the level-nine sudden-death rule. I thought the other kings and Red Rider himself
would accept my assertions. Because I believed—no, I was convinced that like me, everyone, from the bottoms of their hearts,
more than anything else, was seeking the thing that lay beyond
level ten.”
The instant he heard this, a faint, distant voice came back to
life in the depths of Haruyuki’s mind.
I…I want to know. Whatever it takes, I have to know.
Accelerating your thinking, you can get money, grades, fame.
Is this really the meaning behind our Duels? Is this the compensation we seek, the limit we can reach? Isn’t…isn’t there something beyond this? This…shell called a human being…outside…
something more…”
Kuroyukihime had said this the previous fall at a coffee shop
in Higashi Koenji, the day after Haruyuki had become a Burst
Linker. He’d known basically nothing about the Accelerated

World at that point, but her words had made their way deep, deep
into his heart and lingered there. Even now, eight months later,
he felt like he could hear the faint echoes of it if he listened hard.
“Something…more,” he murmured, and then he raised his
voice to continue. “I don’t think it’s just the kings. I’m sure all
Burst Linkers are thinking like that from the bottoms of their
hearts.”
“…Yes, I suppose. But at the time, I thought I had been betrayed. I believed that Red Rider was so afraid of losing Brain
Burst that he brought forward this nonaggression pact, and on
top of that, he developed a gun incorporating the prohibited Incarnate System—the ultimate weapon. I believed he was trying to
make the world stagnate. The respect I had for Rider, the solidarity I felt with him as a comrade in arms, vanished. I attended the
meeting of the Seven Kings with one resolve—a murderous intent. To take Rider’s head while the safeties for all seven of the
Incarnate guns that had supposedly been already completed were
locked and make it so that those guns could never be fired.”
Still leaning against Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime raised her right
hand slightly and stared at it for a while. Almost as though she
were searching for traces of blood somewhere on those pale fingers.
“Naturally, I was prepared for the fact that the other Kings—
especially Rider’s sworn ally, Blue Knight, and Purple Thorn, who
was basically in a romantic relationship with him—would not understand my actions. In fact…I even suspected these two had already agreed to Rider’s plan behind the scenes. Thus I was tormented with the thought that I would never get another chance
outside of this meeting to take the heads of five level niners and
reach level ten. I would first push Rider to total loss with a surprise attack, and then, in the massive confusion that was sure to
follow, four others.”

She paused for a moment and squeezed her right hand tightly
shut.
“No, I’ll be precise. I would defeat Blue Knight, Purple Thorn,
Yellow Radio, and Green Grandé. I attended the meeting of the
Seven Kings with this murderous intent. You already know what
happened after that. In the end, I took only Rider’s head and
shamelessly lived on myself. Immediately after that, we took on
the Four Gods of the Castle with the full mobilization of Nega
Nebulus, and I destroyed the Legion itself.”
“…Uh-huh…” Haruyuki could only offer a small voice as he
nodded. He had been told about the brave and sad end of the initial Nega Nebulus ten days earlier, when he had met Utai Shinomiya. The Legion had succeeded in rescuing Ardor Maiden
from the altar of the God Suzaku at that time, but the remaining
two Elements of the Legion were still in a sealed state, and
Haruyuki knew only their names.
“…?” Suddenly, he felt like he could hear the sound of water
flowing somewhere in the distance. But when he glanced over,
the faucet in the kitchen was, of course, clearly off, so he brought
his awareness back to Kuroyukihime’s story. As he did, a meager
doubt he hadn’t noticed before popped up in his mind.
“Um, Kuroyukihime. I understand why you went to take down
Red Rider. But why were the other four you were going for those
four?” He asked it timidly, but then suddenly answered himself:
“Oh, right. The other person was the one who told you about the
Incarnate gun, right? So you didn’t target her. Um, the kings are
seven colors, so that king’s color…”
The instant Haruyuki had made it this far, Kuroyukihime
shuddered violently, like she’d been bathed in electric current.
She sat up on the sofa, almost as if she were being repelled by it,
and long hair swinging, she whirled around and slammed her

face into Haruyuki’s chest.
“Huh?! K-Kuroyukihime?!” Haruyuki’s hoarse voice was
drowned out by Kuroyukihime’s tense cry.
“I…I was a fool!!” She pressed her face into his left shoulder,
and her hands gripped both his shoulders tightly. The Black King
let out an even more anguished cry. “The one I should have defeated wasn’t Knight or Thorn or Radio or Grandé…or even
Rider! I—I should have targeted her alone! It was my first and
last chance…It took me far too long…to realize that!”
Even as he was stunned by the unexpected outburst, Haruyuki
instinctively placed a hand gently on Kuroyukihime’s back. When
he did so, her stiff body relaxed slightly. Haruyuki summoned his
resolve and asked the small ear next to his mouth, “So, this ‘her’—
you mean the last person, the White King, right?”
After a few seconds, the face pressed up against him nodded
sharply. “Yes. The White King showed me the gun Rider made
and razed a stage with it…I knew she had absolutely no physical
attack power, be it long range or short, so I believed without
question that the incredible power of the Incarnate bullets was
the ability of the gun itself. But…even the White King, perfect in
all ways, made just one careless mistake.”
“Mistake?”
“Mmm. She overlooked the possibility that when I brought
Red Rider to total loss, the Enhanced Armament he had would be
transferred to my storage.”
“Enhanced Armament…S-so you mean—?!” Haruyuki’s eyes
flew open.
“Yes, the gun in question.” Kuroyukihime nodded slightly.
“After the fall of Nega Nebulus, having lost everything, not only

did I cut myself off from the global net—for a long time, I didn’t
even accelerate. But one winter night months after the incident, I
suddenly opened the Brain Burst console. And I noticed there
was a Rider-made gun in my storage. I—as if guided by it, I dived
into the Unlimited Neutral Field and made the gun into an object.
It was indeed the exact same gun the White King had test-fired
for me the day before the meeting of the Seven Kings. The safety
was off. I held the gun, turned it on my own home in the Accelerated World, and pulled the trigger. However.”
In a voice containing pain and regret and hatred, Kuroyukihime announced, “No bullet came out. Not the Incarnate bullets
that had blown away the stage that day, not even a regular bullet.
Even though there were bullets in the cylinder. As I pulled the
trigger over and over again, I finally understood. That the gun…
wasn’t about destruction…but rather a symbol of peace. Rider
had created them with the intention of gifting all the Kings with a
gun that did not shoot bullets as proof of peace and friendship
after the mutual nonaggression pact was concluded.”
“B-but when the White King fired it, you said bullets definitely
came out.” After he gave voice to this, dumbfounded, Haruyuki
realized something. Bullets had been launched from a gun that
could not fire. There was only one logic that would make that
possible.
“Exactly. The bullets that so totally destroyed the Demon City
stage that day…were the overwrite of the White King herself. And
what was launched from the gun was a destructive Incarnate. As
for the reason why she alone would have had the gun early…Most
likely, Rider had discussed things with her. The design, the name
of the gun.”
“What…was the name of it?”
“Seven Roads. A revolver with seven bullets. I took all the bul-

lets out of the cylinder. They shone in the seven colors of red,
blue, purple, yellow, green, white, and black.”
“Seven lords, seven roads,” Haruyuki murmured.
“The seven color trajectories reaching out from the single gun
barrel did not cross, but had the same starting point. And the
same end point. When I felt that this was the intent Rider had put
into the gun, I understood that I had been manipulated. I had
been made to believe that a gun of peace was a gun of destruction. I had been made to be afraid of a nonexistent threat. And in
the end, I had been made to stain these hands with the blood of a
friend. This manipulation wasn’t just pushing Rider to total loss.
For a long time before that, possibly from immediately after I became a Burst Linker, she had made me dance however she
pleased, for so many years.”
Haruyuki could say nothing further to this sorrowful soliloquy.
He put all the feelings into the hand that gently stroked Kuroyukihime’s back, but her slender body stayed stiff, shaking. And he
was able to hazard a guess as to the reason for this, albeit a hazy
one.
The story wasn’t finished yet.
He had been invited to Kuroyukihime’s house in a corner of
Asagaya Jutaku the previous week. The town house she lived in
by herself was clean and simple and was filled with quiet and sadness. She had explained that she was living by herself as a junior
high student because of an attack in the real on a certain Burst
Linker. In which case, the object of this attack was the very White
King who had deceived Kuroyukihime, manipulated her, and
made her take the Red King’s head.
Squeezing Haruyuki’s shoulders so hard it hurt, Kuroyukihime
pushed an even more strained voice from the depths of her

throat. “When I returned to the real world from the nearest portal…I was still in half disbelief. Or rather, I wanted to believe—she
would never betray me, trick me like that. Because…the White
King, Transient Eternity, White Cosmos—in the Accelerated
World she is my parent, and in the real world…my sister, older by
a year.”
Ever since he had become a Burst Linker, Haruyuki had sometimes thought, from the extremely one-sided information he had
been given: What if Kuroyukihime had a special relationship with
one of the kings? And that king was a person very close to her in
the real as well?
It had been nearly six months before that Haruyuki had asked
about Kuroyukihime’s parent, and she had only replied with these
mysterious words:
That person was once…the person closest to me. I believed
this Linker would shine brightly forever at the center of my
world and keep all kinds of darkness and cold at bay.
However, one day…one incident, one instant, I realized that
this was an ephemeral illusion. Now you could go so far as to
say that, for me, this person is my archenemy. So much so that I
could almost believe that this inexhaustible hatred existed inside
me from the moment we first met.
The “instant” in this recollection—it was none other than the
moment when she realized that her parent and older sister the
White King had manipulated her and made her push Red Rider
into total loss.
“I’m not trying to say that all the sin of taking Rider’s head
should be forced onto the White King or anything like that,”
Kuroyukihime noted into his ear, almost as if she had read his
thoughts.

“Even if she hadn’t shown me that gun, I would have resisted
Rider’s proposal to the very end, and it was me myself who fully
believed the words of the White King and not a single word from
the Red King…However, at the time, when I ran from my own
room to my sister’s, still half in disbelief, and she acknowledged
everything while smiling gently, I was seized by an intense rage,
like nothing I’d ever felt before. I decided that the fact that Rider
had lost Brain Burst, the fact that I had lost Nega Nebulus, was all
her fault. Before I knew it, I was holding the letter opener on her
desk.”
Having told this much of her story, Kuroyukihime pursed her
lips together for a moment, and whether he wanted to see it or
not, a visual sprang up in the back of Haruyuki’s mind.
A girl with black hair clutching a small knife in both hands,
tears spilling endlessly down shuddering pale cheeks, anger and
hatred swirling in her obsidian eyes, almost eclipsed by an even
greater sadness. With the knife turned on a girl only slightly taller
than herself, the girl closes the distance between them by one
step, another. But even with the sharp tip of the blade before her,
the smile on the lips of the other girl does not disappear.
“I said to my sister, ‘Push the knife in. Direct duel with me
right here.’ I said I’d offer her the same fate as Rider. And her
smile didn’t so much as twitch as she answered me.” At the same
time as Kuroyukihime spoke, the lips of the girl in the screen of
his imagination moved. “‘Don’t say that. I don’t want to take even
Brain Burst from you.’ In other words, if my sister and I, both at
level nine, fought, she would beat me and make me lose all my
points by the sudden-death rule—that’s what she meant. And despite the fact that I had never once fought my sister seriously, I
knew that was certainly what would happen. I stood there frozen,
and she tried to take the knife from me. The tip of the blade cut
her palm.”

The long story appeared to be coming to an end. All the tension suddenly drained out of Kuroyukihime, and she leaned heavily against Haruyuki as she continued haltingly, “You know the
rest. The fact that I turned a knife on my sister was caught on the
cameras of our home net, and I was expelled from the family
home in Minato Ward under the pretext of mental health treatment. And thus I lost not only my Legion but also my actual family—although I never had any real attachment to them. And that
is the whole of the story of me; the first Red King, Red Rider; and
the White King, White Cosmos.”
After a pause, Kuroyukihime continued in a slightly different
tone. “So? Are you shocked? Or perhaps contemptuous,
Haruyuki? For the sake of my objective, I might someday sacrifice even you.”
The moment he heard this, Haruyuki used the hands that had
been stroking Kuroyukihime’s back to pull her toward him. At the
same time, he replied in a voice filled with every emotion in his
heart, “If there are higher levels, it’s only natural to aim for them.
I mean, that’s the reason Brain Burst exists.”
This exchange was indeed the same as the one he had had with
her at the coffee shop the day after he became a Burst Linker.
Eight months had passed since then, but he felt the need to assure her that his own feelings hadn’t changed a bit.
“The things you’ve lost,” he continued, “you can get them back
again—no, you can rebuild. Right now, Nega Nebulus’s still a Legion with just six people, but I’m sure the remaining Elements
will be back any day now. And we’ll recruit new Linkers, too, so
it’ll be even bigger than it was before. And then this time for sure,
as a Burst Linker, you’ll fight the White King fair and square and
settle this. I’m always right by your side. Right up until you reach
level ten.”

Even after Haruyuki closed his mouth, Kuroyukihime stayed
silent for a while. Normally, this would be when he got anxious
that he may have accidentally said the wrong thing, but at just
this moment, the thought didn’t even cross his mind. He simply
continued to put his strength in his hands.
Finally, the faintest sensation on his left shoulder. One small
drop, then two fell and soaked into the fabric of his shirt, reaching his skin. “Thank you, Haruyuki. My decision was not mistaken, after all. From the bottom of my heart, I’m so glad I chose
you.”
These words, too, were essentially the same thing she had said
eight months earlier. However, at the time, Haruyuki had pulled
back his clenched fist and hung his head deeply. Now, however,
he squeezed her even more tightly. “Me too. From the bottom of
my heart, I’m glad you chose me.”
“…Thank you.” Her murmured voice was deep and damp. Her
faint sobs continued then for nearly two minutes, but Haruyuki
didn’t pull his hands away; he simply accepted wordlessly the
tears that fell.
What broke the warm, gentle silence was the announcement
telling all students still on campus to return home.
Kuroyukihime slowly sat up. “Wait a moment,” she said, heading into the kitchen. He heard the sound of water, which then
quickly stopped. When the vice president returned, her face had
essentially regained its usual cool composure, although there was
still a little redness, particularly around her eyes.
They left the student council office together, walked to their
separate lockers to change shoes, and met up again in the front
yard. Once they stepped through the school gates, the in-school
local net was cut off, and in its place, the icon for the global-net

connection flashed.
Since the condo building Haruyuki lived in and the Asagaya
residence where Kuroyukihime’s town house was were in opposite directions, with Umesato in the middle, normally, this was
where they would part, going off to the right and the left. But
Kuroyukihime stopped at the side of the gate and didn’t make a
move.
“Haruyuki.” The look on her face was serious.
“Y-yes?” He naturally snapped to attention.
Kuroyukihime cleared her throat lightly before continuing.
“When I really think about it, it was all fine and good to call you
to the student council office, but don’t you feel like we didn’t talk
about the really important thing?”
“Huh? The important thing? What do you mean?” Haruyuki
replied.
She brought her face in close. “The matter of the crest inscribed on the cards you brought back.”
“Oh!” Now that she mentioned it, that was true. The reason
she had called him to the student council office in the first place
was supposedly because, for some reason, the crossed guns emblem of the first Red King was on the cards that sealed the ISS
kits, but that matter was still shrouded in mystery.
If Kuroyukihime had some kind of theory, he wanted to hear it
right then and there, but they couldn’t exactly stand and talk like
that at the school gates. Haruyuki checked the time display and
thought quickly. His original plan had been to head to Nakano
Area No. 2 after he left school, just like he had the previous day,
and duel Wolfram Cerberus for the third time. Cerberus was also
wrapped in all kinds of mysteries, but if Haruyuki kept exchang-

ing blows with him, he had the feeling that he would arrive at the
truth of Cerberus at some point. But, regrettably, at that moment,
he had a mission that had to take priority.
This was, of course, the destruction of the ISS kits. Magenta
Scissor wouldn’t stop at taking down one school in Shimokitazawa. Before she spread the kits any farther, they had to cut out
the root of the dark power. But the annoying thing was that it
was, of course, impossible for Haruyuki to go on his own and attack Tokyo Midtown Tower, where the kit main body was enshrined, and it was too dangerous for even the six members of
Nega Nebulus to attempt. Even if they did manage to dispose of
the guardian, the Archangel Metatron, they had no way of knowing what was waiting inside the tower. Just as had been decided
at the last meeting of the Seven Kings, a joint operation with all
seven of the major Legions was essential.
Once his thoughts had reached this point, Haruyuki gasped
with sudden realization. “Uh, um, Kuroyukihime?”
“Hmm? If we’re going to talk about the crest, we should go
somewhere quiet.”
“N-no, this is something else. Right now, the Midtown Tower
attack is the top priority, right?”
“Whoa, whoa! It’s too dangerous to talk about that in a public
space with real voices. Even if someone unconnected overheard
us, we could be suspected of being terrorists, you know.”
Kuroyukihime grinned wryly, but when she noticed that the look
on Haruyuki’s face was serious, she blinked once, then nodded as
if to say Hold on and reached into her bag. She pulled out a meter-and-a-half-long XSB cable, and without giving Haruyuki the
time to say anything, she offered him one end while plugging the
other into her Neurolinker.

After all this time, there was no point in being embarrassed
about directing, so Haruyuki kept his serious face on—although a
light sweat did break out on his back—and accepted the plug,
connecting it to his neck.
“It’s been a while since I directed with you in town.” Immediately, Kuroyukihime’s neurospeak voice echoed in his mind. “You
do seem entirely used to it, though.”
“I-I’m not used to it at all. Totally not!”
“Hmm, I suppose you’re not, then.”
“Oh…s-sorry, I just…” Feeling ashamed, this time he replied in
neurospeak.
Kuroyukihime laughed. “How about we walk a bit? The rain’s
finally lifted and all.”
Just as she said, the rain clouds that had departed toward the
east before lunch showed no signs of returning now, and the rain
forecast on his virtual desktop showed numbers in the 10 percent
range until evening.
“Okay. Just hold on a minute. I’ll turn off automatic viewing,”
Haruyuki said briefly, and he quickly opened the Brain Burst console. When automatic viewing mode was on, if a duel started between Burst Linkers registered on his viewing list in their current
location of Suginami Area No. 1, he would accelerate without
warning in the middle of a conversation.
“Um, you’re not going to turn it off, too, Kuroyukihime?”
Haruyuki asked her casually as he switched the mode to “off.”
“No need. Apologies to the other Legion members, but the
only one registered on my viewing list is you,” she replied as if it
were the most natural thing in the world.

He was surprised to hear this, but then Kuroyukihime peeked
at his face and winked lightly, so his heart leapt even higher in his
chest. Heart pounding and gaze frozen in place, he hit the OK button of the confirmation dialog window and fumbled to close the
console. He felt like he heard some kind of unfamiliar sound effect, but his brain had its hands full carefully weighing how exactly to respond to her statement. Eventually, what came from
not his mouth but his mind was “Th-that’s an honor.”
It was a simple, inoffensive statement, and Kuroyukihime
nodded, still smiling.
“Well then, shall we go?” She turned her feet north.
The everyday road that continued just under a hundred meters
from the school gates was deserted, but the instant they stepped
out onto the sidewalk of Oume Highway, housewives carrying
bags of groceries and office workers headed for the station filled
Haruyuki’s field of view. Naturally, mixed among them were students from nearby schools, and a variety of expressions popped
up onto their faces upon seeing Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime with
their Neurolinkers connected by a thin cord as they passed by.
I’ll never get used to this, Haruyuki complained to himself, but
he kept it as a thought deep enough not to be output as a voice.
“Now then,” Kuroyukihime said coolly as they waited for the
red light to change. “About your question concerning the priority
of the Midtown Tower attack that you started to ask before, the
answer is, at any rate, yes.”
“Huh? Oh, y-yes. Right.” Haruyuki rewound his thoughts by
several minutes and bobbed his head up and down. “Um, the
thing that was bugging me…For the Tower attack, the seven Legions will be working together, but then that means we’ll be taking a cooperative stance with the White Legion, but for you, I

mean, the White King…”
“…Is that it? Sorry to make you worry about that.” At the
same time as Kuroyukihime lowered her eyes slightly, the light
changed to green. The time remaining for the green light displayed in the navigation window in his view had dropped three
seconds before her black loafers finally moved forward. “It’s true
that the hatred I have for my sister—for White Cosmos—has not
faded in the slightest since that night. To the point where if I
were to face her without any mental preparation, I don’t know
what I’d do. However, even so, I have a reason for attending the
last meeting and the meeting before that of the Seven Kings, and
for accepting this shared mission.”
“Reason? What sort of reason?”
“The White King does not show herself before Burst Linkers
of other Legions as a general rule. In the very early days of the
Accelerated World, naturally, she also dueled, but even then,
whether by ability or the power of an Enhanced Armament,
most of the time, her form was wrapped in a light that dazzled
the eyes and so couldn’t be seen. And since she reached level
nine, I suppose basically the only ones who have seen her are the
other kings and the senior members of the White Legion Oscillatory Universe. Well, until I met you, that was me, so I can’t really talk,” she added as they finished crossing the road, and without the slightest hesitation, she turned them toward the shopping
street ahead. They continued to walk north, farther and farther
from Kuroyukihime’s house, but because of the short cable directly connecting them, Haruyuki had no choice but to follow.
“In other words, although this is pathetic, I was able to attend
the meetings precisely because I was certain she would not be
there. The shared mission is the same. The location is also the
Unlimited Neutral Field, and hypothetically, even if the kings
were asked to participate in the operation, she would simply

send her representative, as she has up to now. What I hate is not
Oscillatory Universe, but White Cosmos alone, so it doesn’t make
sense to reject the joint mission with my hatred as a reason.”
Kuroyukihime stopped there and slid the fingers of her left
hand along the XSB cable swinging between the two of them. Almost as if it were the physical manifestation of the connection between Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime, she held it tight in her palm.
“But it would be a lie to say I have no misgivings or anxiety
whatsoever. I was counting on you to get the Theoretical Mirror
ability, and even if the name is different, I have faith that the
Optical Conduction ability you did learn will play a wonderful
role. But even so, my uneasiness—no, my fear—hasn’t gone
away since the moment the meeting ended on Sunday.”
“What…is that fear of?”
This time, it took a while for an answer to come back to him.
The pedestrian-only shopping street was more crowded than
Oume Highway, so they were forced up against each other as they
walked. Kuroyukihime’s arm brushed against Haruyuki’s, and she
was cool to the touch.
“She’s a terrifying person.”
Suddenly, these words echoed in Haruyuki’s brain. As she continued, the strained thought would have been barely a whisper if
it were communicated in a real voice.
“She sees through to the wounds in the hearts of all people,
prescribes the appropriate words and attitudes, and heals them.
But on the underside of this, she controls the hearts of those
other people and manipulates them. The reason I haven’t said
anything to you before about the White King is because I was
afraid that by hearing about her, that terrifying ability to manipulate might affect even you indirectly.”

“Th-that’s— I wouldn’t be manipulated!” Haruyuki replied reflexively.
“Yes, of course, I believe that.” Kuroyukihime nodded. “I spoke
frankly with you about my relationship with the White King
today because…I realized that being afraid of losing you was the
same thing as doubting you.”
Here, her feet stopped abruptly, and she placed her hands on
Haruyuki’s shoulders and moved the two of them to the side of a
large sign so they weren’t in the way of the people passing by.
Still, it wasn’t as though they were now far removed from their
surroundings, so the flickering glances of passersby were still
turned on them.
Normally, Haruyuki would be painfully aware of those glances,
but at the moment, he couldn’t take his eyes off Kuroyukihime’s
serious face. She closed in until their noses were about twenty
centimeters apart, and then Kuroyukihime moved her lips to say
in both thought and real voice, “Haruyuki, I have one other thing
that I must tell you.”
“O-okay.”
“That—”
However, he didn’t hear the rest of it. Because at the moment
when Kuroyukihime took a deep breath, a familiar sound
slammed into his auditory nerves. Skreeee! Cold, dry thunder.
The sound of acceleration.
Wh-why?! Haruyuki was stunned. Neither he nor Kuroyukihime had given the acceleration command, and their present location was Nega Nebulus territory, so duels should have been
blocked. And he had definitely turned automatic viewing mode
off. There should have been no reason for him to accelerate.

This surprise was doubled the instant he saw that message
that flamed up in the center of his now-dark field of view. It
wasn’t the HERE COMES… from when he was challenged, nor was it
the REGISTERED DUEL… when automatic viewing was activated.
A BATTLE ROYALE IS BEGINNING!!

9
It was only after Silver Crow’s feet touched down on the white
ground of the duel stage that he was able to digest the meaning of
that line of text.
The fighting game Brain Burst had single match, a tag-team
match, and following that, a third type of match: Battle Royale
mode. The procedure for starting a Battle Royale was easy: Simply accelerate with the normal Burst Link command, open the
matching list, and select BATTLE ROYALE from the submenu. However, that said, it wasn’t the case that this pulled everyone on the
list into the duel stage. Given that the system was such that only
Burst Linkers who had Battle Royale standby on in the console
screen settings could be summoned, everyone normally had that
standby turned to off. Haruyuki, naturally, was no exception.
So why am I in a Battle Royale?! He started to panic before finally figuring it out: Because he’d been operating his virtual desktop without looking carefully at the screen when he turned automatic viewing mode off earlier, he must’ve accidentally touched
Battle Royale standby in the same tab and turned it on.
“Why am I such a klutz…,” he muttered to himself dejectedly,
dropping his shoulders.
“I see,” came from immediately beside him. “You’re not a hero
with BR mode always on. This is instead the result of mistaken
operation?” The voice sounded exasperated.
Jumping slightly, he turned his gaze and found a dazzling and
majestic duel avatar, body wrapped in jet-black semitransparent

armor, the sharp swords of her four limbs glittering. Naturally, it
was none other than the Black King, Black Lotus.
“Huh?! Wh-why?! You can’t have Battle Royale—?!” Haruyuki
cried out in a hoarse voice.
“Unfortunately, I am not the hero that you are.” The amethyst
semi-mirrored goggles popped from side to side. “I was called
here not as a dueler but as the Gallery because I automatically
view you.”
“Oh. M-makes sense. Good.” He relaxed slightly. The probability was extremely low, but if another king—i.e., another level
niner—had also been summoned to this battlefield, it would have
been the abrupt start to a sudden-death final battle. With that in
mind, he took a look at his surroundings and found the silhouettes of other members of the Gallery—albeit few of them—on the
roofs of the buildings of the pale, frozen Ice stage.
Normally, the Gallery couldn’t come within ten meters of the
duelers, but parent and child were the exception to that rule.
Kuroyukihime brought her face mask close to Haruyuki’s face.
“Even if the reason you were pulled into the Battle Royale space is
simple carelessness, the issue at hand is the person who pulled
you in. It’s essentially not possible to start a BR through an accident of operation. In other words, this person is either so brave
that they don’t fear the fact that this could be a battle of many
against one in the territory of another Legion, or…they have reason to believe that they can win even in that situation.”
“……! N-no way. An ISS kit user…?”
“It’s possible. And if that’s the case, you must avoid close combat to the best of your abilities. The enemy’s objective might not
be simply to win the duel but to spread the kit infection.”
“R-right…” After Haruyuki nodded, he glanced up toward the

left of his field of view. If this had been a normal duel, the
enemy’s health gauge and name would have been displayed there,
but it was blank now. In Battle Royale mode, you couldn’t see the
enemy’s gauge until you came into contact with that enemy.
The sole piece of information he had was the guide cursor that
popped up in the lower part of the center of his field of view, but
that only told him the direction of his nearest enemy. It was currently pointing toward the southeast—the direction of Oume
Highway—and was changing direction toward the south at a fair
speed.
“S-so fast! There’s no hesitation in that movement. That’s
probably the starter. They’re coming this way.” Together with
Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki turned his eyes toward the south of the
shopping street. But a loosely curving wall of ice blocked their
view, and they couldn’t see through to the narrow lane beyond.
“It’d be better to make contact in a bigger space than here. I’m
going back to Oume Highway,” Haruyuki said.
“Mmm.” Kuroyukihime quickly nodded. “Understood. I can’t
come close once the duel starts, so make sure you take care and
stay on guard against any ISS kits.”
“Roger! Okay, I’m off, then!” Haruyuki shouted and, whirling
around, he started to run, kicking at the snow piled up on the
ground.
Large icicles fell occasionally from the ice walls that had once
been shops lining either side of the road. Each time he came
across one of these, he kicked it to destroy it. They didn’t begin to
compare with the crystals of the Sacred Ground stage, but even
so, his special-attack gauge was charged little by little. These sorts
of little acts often decided battles.
Racing along with Silver Crow’s speed, he was through the

road he’d walked down while directing with Kuroyukihime in a
fraction of the time it had taken them to come. He slipped
through the large ice arch that had been the commercial district’s
sign and came out onto Oume Highway to find a pure, snowy
field spreading out to the east and west. It would be an endless
delight to use one end of the stage to the other and create an
enormous snowman, but that would have to be his fun for next
time. Right now, he used a boost jump to get to the top of the
lump of ice rising up on the northeast corner of the intersection.
Building entry in an Ice stage was impossible—or rather, because the buildings were all transformed into lumps of ice, a special power was required to ascend higher terrain. Since it seemed
that his closest enemy was approaching straight down Oume
Highway, if he hid here, he would be able to get a look at his opponent first. Haruyuki held his breath and stared hard at the tip
of the guide cursor.
However, announcing the true identity of his enemy was not a
shadow on the horizon, but a sound. The deep, throaty rumbling
that came to him on the wind was more than familiar. It was the
sound of what was probably the sole Enhanced Armament in the
Accelerated World equipped with an internal combustion engine,
a sound he had had so thoroughly beaten into his ears that very
morning—the sound of a motorcycle engine.
“H-huh?!” Unconsciously, this slipped out of Haruyuki’s
mouth, and he jerked his body up from its prone position on the
ice wall. At the same time, a yellow headlight shone and glittered
in the distance on the white road.
“Wh-what’s going on?” Muttering, he flew down to the road
surface again, and as if the rider of the American motorcycle had
noticed this movement, the bike sped up slightly as it approached. The machine grew larger before his eyes and brakedrifted in, the rear tire kicking up massive amounts of snow. On

the parked bike, a familiar skull face snapped the index fingers of
both hands at him.
“Hey heeeeeeeey! I know you triple-heart, überlove mighty
me, but maybe a surprise duel in Bat-Ro mode is a little too
much, yeah?!”
The voice, gesture, and style were definitely those of the Century End rider, aka Ash Roller. And they had made contact, so a
gauge with his name inscribed near it appeared in Haruyuki’s
view. But the words that came out of Ash’s mouth didn’t make
sense to Haruyuki in a number of ways.
“N-no, I don’t actually triple-heart, überlove you— Wait,
wasn’t it you who dragged me into this battle?!” Haruyuki hurriedly hissed back.
“Whacha talkin’?” A large question mark popped up above the
skull helmet. “Me and my magnificent self were just cruuuuising
along Loop Seven, geddit? You seriously for real not the starter?”
The way Ash talked made it sound like he had been running
down Kannana Street on the motorcycle, but Haruyuki knew that
Ash in the real, Rin Kusakabe, was actually on her way home
from school in a bus. However, retorting with that here would
have been mean-spirited, so he set it aside and spread out his
hands.
“Y-yeah, it wasn’t me. But then does that mean you always
have BR standby on, Ash?”
“Naturalmente! Come at me with a battle; I’m buying in!”
“O-of course you would…But, wait—then who started this?”
“Figured you were all up in the works, living in fire town to
settle this morning’s draw, you know?” Ash sat on the seat of the

bike with his arms neatly crossed, and Haruyuki took on the same
pose.
“Well, you know, a draw twice in a row is kind of an incomplete burn, though.” He shrugged. “But this morning, you
charged in while I was in sleepytown.”
“No choice at all there. I mean, you with my sis doing that indirect—” Ash had gotten this far in the most casual of tones when
suddenly, red flames sprang up in his eye sockets. From the horizontal slit at his mouth, thin puffs of white steam rose up. “And
now I rememberrred…That I gotta press you niiiiiiice and flat,
Crow.”
“I—I—I didn’t do anything with Rin, direct or indirect!”
“D-d-direct?! Y-you’re no blue! So why you suddenly talkin’
’bout up-close-and-personal?!”
“I’m telling you I didn’t do anything! Anyway, Ash, the issue
right now is who started this battle! I mean, whoever it was knew
that you and me were on the matching list when they pushed the
START button, which means they decided that they could win
against one of us—or two against one if things went south.”
Haruyuki earnestly blathered on and on, and “Protective Big
Brother” Ash’s attention seemed to pull back to the current situation; the steam coming out of his mouth stopped.
But Haruyuki’s relief was fleeting. Now it wasn’t just steam but
also orange exhaust flames gushing out.
“My mighty mega self is tera-burniiiiiiiiing!! This guy thinks
he can beat Ash here and the damned crow solo?! Who’s this
filthy little brat?!”
“I-I’m telling you I want to know that, too! If our luck’s bad, it
might be like a high ranker, level seven or something—”

“Tch! Your level plus mine makes ten! You think I’d be driving
down Kannana shaking in my boots over a level seven?!”
“Th-that’s not the point.” Haruyuki wanted to cradle his head
in his hands.
Suddenly, the north side of an ice wall ten meters to the east
exploded with a roar. Worried that it was a red-type long-distance bombardment, Haruyuki started to look up at the sky, but
then realized that wasn’t it. The thick wall of ice hadn’t been destroyed from the outside, but been blown out from the inside.
In other words, one of the people who had dived into this battlefield was reluctant to waste the time it would take to follow the
terrain and come out on Oume Highway and had moved in a direct line from the northeast—from the direction of Nakano Station. But the ice walls of the Ice stage were hard—maybe not as
hard as objects in a Demon City or Steel stage, but still hard. To
destroy one while moving forward, you’d have to be a Burst
Linker with flame-type attack power or have some kind of armor
that was so strong that ice was not even a thing—
The instant his thoughts reached this point, Haruyuki
moaned, “No. Way.”
Springing to life in the back of his mind was a scene from the
duel in Nakano Area No. 2 after school on Tuesday. Haruyuki had
leaned back against the thick wall of the Steel stage and devised a
strategy of lying in wait for an enemy who had to approach from
either the left or the right. But his enemy had taken him with a
surprise attack from a direction he never even imagined—by
smashing through the steel wall behind him.
That Burst Linker had super-hard tungsten armor, a level one
cloaked in many mysteries. Manganese Blade, a senior member
of the Blue Legion, had assessed this young man as a genius, and

he had the ability Physical Immune, which repelled all kinds of
non-energy attacks.
“Wolfram…Cerberus…” At the same time as Haruyuki uttered
the name, a sharply edged silhouette appeared from within the
icy fog hanging in the air.
A right foot wrapped in gray metal armor trod heavily through
the snow piled up on the road. The system determined that contact had been made, and a second health gauge appeared in the
upper right of his field of view. The name displayed there was indeed that of Cerberus. The visor, reminiscent of a wolf’s maw,
was open about three centimeters, with dark goggles exposed.
Haruyuki couldn’t see the eye lenses, but he was keenly aware of
the strong, focused gaze going right through him.
Stepping over the edge of the large hole in the ice wall onto
Oume Highway, Cerberus walked straight toward them, his feet
crunching in the snow. He stopped a mere two meters away from
Haruyuki and Ash and bowed his head lightly.
“Hey, heeey. Don’t know this face. You may be the sta—”
“Was it you who started this, Cerberus?” Haruyuki asked, interrupting Ash.
“Yes, it was me, Crow.” The face mask with its sharp design
moved up and down once more, and his clear, young boy’s voice
continued, “I’m glad to see you. I felt certain that you would have
BR mode on.”
Haruyuki couldn’t immediately respond. Because the reason
he had Battle Royale standby on was the result of an extremely
careless mistake. But this wasn’t the time to be worrying about
that.
Just like the Cerberus of his avatar name, Wolfram Cerberus

had more than two—probably three—personalities in his body.
From his attitude, tone, and the fact that his original head was
functioning, the one Haruyuki was currently speaking with was
the one he had first fought, Cerberus I. This boy was very neat in
his language and extremely polite.
When his head visor closed completely and the armor of his
left shoulder opened, his personality changed to Cerberus II. That
boy was not so fastidious with language, and his tone was fairly
rough. But the biggest change was that even the abilities he used
switched. The Physical Immune that Cerberus I had was plenty
nonstandard, but II’s Wolf Down was even more terrifying. Just
as the name indicated, this was the power to eat a duel avatar’s
ability; II had even reproduced Silver Crow’s flying ability, albeit
for a short time.
Both I and II were fearfully powerful enemies, but in terms of
conversation partners, he couldn’t help but still be nervous with
Cerberus I. Thus, Haruyuki didn’t dare correct Cerberus’s misunderstanding—and a part of him did indeed want to come off looking good—so he asked another question. “But if your goal was to
see me, why go to the trouble of a Battle Royale? I was planning
to head over to Naka-Two again tomorrow after school.”
“That…” Cerberus trailed off, which was unusual for him, but
then he replied, head hanging slightly, “I absolutely had to see—
no, fight you today. I waited in Nakano, but it didn’t seem that I
would get the chance to see you there today, so I moved to Suginami. But this is Nega Nebulus territory, so I can’t challenge you
here. So I had no choice but a Battle Royale.”
“Oh. S-sorry. I actually was planning to go over to Nakano
right after school today, but some stuff happened.” Haruyuki automatically apologized before cocking his head for the third time.
“But you said you had to fight me. Why? I mean, I could understand if you wanted to fight me…”

“…Please excuse me, Crow. I can’t tell you the reason right
now. I apologize for my selfishness, but I beg you, please fight
me!” He took a step forward. His voice was a shout, one that
sounded the tiniest bit cornered.
Vrrrrrrron! But there, the large displacement V-twin engine
roared. Silent up to that point, Ash Roller slammed his right hand
down on the throttle.
“Whoa, whoaiiiiing! You. Totes no clue about you, but your little chitchat, blah-blah here says neeeewb, Level One. You know
who we are?! Gotta respect it! Get it? My mighty self’s already got
a date with this crow here! You wanna fight, you get in line!”
Um, Ash, that—you’re assuming you’ll beat me, aren’t you?
Before Haruyuki could snap out this sharp retort, Cerberus
said in a low voice, eyes still fixed straight ahead, “Excuse me, but
please don’t get in the way. The only one I want to fight is Crow. I
don’t know who you are, but I have no business with you.”
Instantly, clouds of angry white steam puffed out from Ash
Roller’s mouth once more. “Y-you braaaaat! Now you’ve gone and
done it, yeah?! So pretty please sorry, I’m not the Gallery. This
here’s Bat-Ro. Lemme giga burn that into your peewee braaaain!”
Before Haruyuki had time to stop him, Ash had kicked at the
shift pedal and was accelerating full throttle. Snow spun up, and
the front tire he yanked up high charged toward Cerberus’s head.
Ka-klank! The sound of impact roared through the stage, and
a spray of snow danced up like smoke. With hands half-raised,
Haruyuki waited for his field of view to clear. The sight that finally appeared was—surprising.
The small Cerberus had caught the front tire of the motorcycle
with his crossed arms. He had dropped his hips down low, but his

knees weren’t touching the ground. If Haruyuki had tried the
same thing, he would definitely have been unable to support the
heavy weight—easily exceeding two hundred kilograms—and he
would have been pushed backward, sparks shooting from every
joint on his body. When he had once lifted the rear wheel of the
bike a mere ten centimeters, he had taken more than a little damage to both arms.
“Ah! Wha—?! You— Damned brat!” Ash Roller stood up from
his seat and pushed the weight of his body hard against the handlebars, but Cerberus did not sink down. The visor on his head
was still open, so Physical Immune wouldn’t have been activated,
and beyond that, it was unclear as to whether or not that ability
was effective against pressure damage.
In short, Cerberus wasn’t just hard, he was also tough. Now
that Haruyuki thought about it, when Cerberus had collided
head-on with the heavyweight Frost Horn, instead of being
knocked back, he had braced his feet and stopped the onslaught.
That wasn’t something you could do without some serious loadbearing capacity and impact resistance. In other words, locking
techniques probably wouldn’t work on Cerberus, either. Haruyuki
added another line to the list in his head.
“Tera suuuuuuuucks!” Ash shouted in exasperation. “I am
gonna seriously crush yoooooou!” Still standing on the pegs, he
twisted the accelerator in his right hand, so Haruyuki made a big
X with both arms.
“I-it’s no use, Ash! If you open the throttle there—”
But it was already too late. The rear tire in contact with the
ground spun fiercely, and inevitably, the motorcycle brought the
front wheel up once again.
“Unh…aaaaah!” Without missing his chance, Cerberus howled

sharply, as he stretched out his arms like a stiff spring. Its front
wheel thrust up from below, the motorcycle moved into a basically vertical position, and the vehicle body wobbled in all directions.
“No—no?! Noooooooo!!” Ash tried desperately to bring down
the bike in front, clutching the handlebars all the while, but the
vehicle body instead slowly inclined to the rear and finally flipped
over into the snow, engine racing emptily. There was a cry of
“Hnrrk!” from beneath the massive engine block, accompanied by
red damage light, and Ash’s health gauge displayed in the upper
right of Haruyuki’s field of view dropped to around 10 percent.
Fortunately, the snow below him was deep, and he managed to
escape any further pressure damage. But Ash was apparently unable to lift the bike off himself. Cursing like a sailor, the centuryend rider kicked and flailed.
“H-hold on, Ash.” Haruyuki started to hurry over to him. “I’ll
get the bike—”
However, a sharply edged silhouette blocked his way. Wolfram
Cerberus, of course, but he seemed somehow different from before. A powerful wave of brooding torment came drifting out
from the gap in his wolflike visor.
“Crow. I’ll ask you again. Please…fight me.” The clear, highpitched voice of the young boy reminded Haruyuki for some reason of metal under pressure, on the verge of shattering.
He stopped and looked hard at his opponent’s eyes hidden beneath goggles. “I asked you this before, too, but why are you in
such a rush to fight? I get that you’d want a revenge match for
yesterday. But you totally crushed me the time before that and all.
If today couldn’t happen, then wouldn’t tomorrow be just fine?”
“That will be too late!” Cerberus suddenly howled, and

Haruyuki swallowed hard. The gray-metal avatar clenched his
hands into tight fists and continued, almost forcing the words
out. “I—I have to keep winning! If I don’t keep winning, I won’t
be me anymore!”
“Wh-what are you talking about, Cerberus?! Sometimes you
win duels, sometimes you lose, right?! That’s the way everyone
gets stronger, bit by bit—”
“I don’t have that kind of time!!” The shout that interrupted
Haruyuki sounded more like a scream. “I—I have to prove I’m
worthy of being Wolfram Cerberus! For that…my only choice is to
win against you right now, Silver Crow!!”
The words dispersed through the stage with a physical pressure and violently shook the diamond dust hanging in the sky. As
if to say the conversation was over, Cerberus brandished his fists
high and brought them out to his sides before slamming them together in front of his chest. Receiving the motion command to activate his ability, the visor patterned after the maw of a beast
slammed shut. He had shifted into the Physical Immune state.
“So I guess we’ll say the rest with our fists, then,” Haruyuki
murmured. “Got it. We’ll fight. We are Burst Linkers, after all.”
The instant he heard these words, Cerberus’s slender body
shook slightly, but he quickly nodded.
“Sorry, Ash. Hold on a minute!” The man in question was still
kicking and struggling beneath the bike. Haruyuki jumped back;
glancing at the time, he saw there were still just under 1,200 seconds left. A fight with Cerberus, whose fighting style resembled
his own, was likely to be resolved in a short time, so that was
plenty of time to decide this. Haruyuki lowered his stance in the
center of broad Oume Highway, readied his hands in front of
him, and shouted, “Come!!”

A voice came in response immediately. “On my way!”
A massive amount of snow rolled up from Cerberus’s feet with
a whump. Haruyuki focused all five of his senses on the figure
charging at him in a straight line. His dash power was, as before,
explosive, but the snow piled up on the ground hindered him, and
his speed was slower—albeit only slightly—than in the Storm
stage of the previous day.
You won’t beat me with the same strategy! Haruyuki shouted
in his heart, and pulled his left foot in leisurely.
Cerberus spun his body around and launched a right mid-kick.
Crushing even the atoms of ice dancing in the air, the kick closed
in on Haruyuki. He caught it gently with the palm of his right
hand and turned his own body suddenly to the left, pulling in the
direction of the spin’s momentum, and grabbed Cerberus’s ankle
with his left hand.
“Sheeah!” With a short battle cry, he went for a throw to leap
on Cerberus and crush him. Just like the day before, Cerberus’s
direct, rigid technique was caught by Haruyuki’s Guard Reversal,
and his head met the ground—
Whud! The instant clouds of snow flew up with a wet sound,
Haruyuki finally realized that this development was not Cerberus’s strategic failure, but his own.
The lone source of damage for Wolfram Cerberus in Physical
Immune state was throwing techniques, but in an Ice stage, the
effect of those throws was halved because the snow covering the
ground acted as a cushion. Cerberus’s health gauge dropped by
just under 10 percent after being thrown, and he wasn’t stunned
like he had been the previous day, and he wrapped his arms and
legs around Haruyuki from below.
“Nngh!” Haruyuki desperately tried to break away, but the

sharply tapered edges of Cerberus’s armor caught him like
thorns. The wolf avatar was glued to his front, his arms around
Haruyuki’s chest, and his legs around his waist, holding him fast.
“This is one other method of using Physical Immune.”
Immediately after he heard this whispered voice in his ear, an
incredible pressure assaulted his chest and stomach. Crow’s
metal armor creaked eerily, abnormally, and orange sparks shot
off in all directions. The gauge in the upper left of his field of view
was mercilessly shaved away.
Although the majority of Burst Linkers had mouths, they had
no need to breathe. Thus, underwater or in outer space, or when
their throats or chests were being constricted, there was no suffocation damage. The reason Haruyuki’s gauge was nevertheless
decreasing was because he was taking physical pressure damage.
The bare-handed restraint technique was something Haruyuki’s
metal armor would have been able to resist, had the overwhelming strength of Cerberus’s armor not brought it up into the land
of special attack.
Of. Course. Even as he suffered through this crushing of his
body, Haruyuki seriously admired Cerberus.
“Assume the techniques you showed Cerberus in the duel yesterday won’t work on him today,” Kuroyukihime had said during
the special training with Haruyuki the day before at lunch together with Fuko. Thus, Haruyuki had made free use of the Guard
Reversal he hadn’t used initially and won. But Cerberus was already responding to those techniques in the span of a single day.
“You’re strong, Cerberus. Really strong.” Haruyuki pushed the
words out from his constricted chest, as he endured the pain. He
had said only moments before that they’d talk with their fists, but
he simply could not go without asking. “So. What is making you

panic like this? You said you’ll stop being yourself if you don’t
keep winning…What does that mean?”
He didn’t think he’d get an answer. But in a surprise twist, an
extremely quiet voice came once more from the face before his
eyes.
“That…is because, just like number two, who you fought yesterday…I, number one, am also nothing more than a spare.”
“A-a spare?”
“Yes. Number two and myself are only permitted to be Cerberus during the time we are performing our respective roles.
And my role…is to win duels. A tool to simply win and stock up
points.”
Haruyuki forgot for a moment what a desperate situation he
was in and set his brain to work at full power. Cerberus II, appearing at the end of the duel the previous day, had said he was
“number two,” living in the avatar’s left shoulder. “Because I was
tuned for a certain purpose.” And: “Equip that thing that you
sealed off somewhere.”
Haruyuki assumed “that thing” indicated the cursed Enhanced
Armament the Disaster. If the role of II was to control the Armor
of Catastrophe, then the role of I was to build up Burst Points.
Was that it?
“So is that the reason you’re still at level one? To increase the
number of Burst Points when you win a duel,” Haruyuki murmured.
“That’s right.” The head stuck to him nodded slightly. “Therefore, I have to continue to win. I have to win…and continue to
prove that I am a useful tool.”

The instant he heard these words through the armor pressed
up against him, something burst into red flames deep inside
Haruyuki. He remembered how he had told his parent Kuroyukihime something similar back when he first became a Burst
Linker. Saying that she knew that he was actually just a disposable pawn, a tool to simply be given orders, like it was the appropriate way to treat someone like him. Hearing this, Kuroyukihime
had slapped his cheek, and tears had welled up in her eyes. It was
likely in that moment that Haruyuki had become a true Burst
Linker.
“Prove you’re a useful tool? To whom? Your parent? Comrades? Or maybe your Legion Master?” Cerberus didn’t make a
move to answer this interrogation from Haruyuki, whose rage
was bleeding into the questions. Regardless, however, Haruyuki
continued to shout, choking up as he did: “That kind of proof,
there’s no value in that! The only thing a Burst Linker has to
prove is the strength of their heart! And the one they prove that
to is always and only their own self!”
“Then…please prove that right now!” Now Cerberus shouted,
his voice burning with several kinds of emotion. “For you, this
duel is nothing more than one fight among hundreds! So even if
you lose, no one will abandon you! But it’s different for me! I
have to win every duel! If you’re saying that my proof is a fake,
and yours is the real thing, then prove it right now! Please win
against me here and now, Silver Crow!!”
As the shriek grew louder, the pressure of the bear hug increased. His physical strength itself didn’t match that of a large
blue-type avatar, but his armor, boasting an absolute hardness,
was a weapon in and of itself. Crow’s silver armor grew dented,
holes gouged out by Cerberus’s edges.
Haruyuki had just under 30 percent left in his health gauge. At
this rate, he wouldn’t last another minute before being blasted

away. Even so, Haruyuki nodded his helmet firmly. “Understood.
I’ll prove it.”
He had no sooner made this brief statement than he was placing both hands on Cerberus’s head and trying with all his
strength to tear him off. This was normally the place where he
would attack with blows if his hands were free, but punches and
elbows wouldn’t work on Cerberus while Physical Immune was
activated.
“Nngh…aaah!” A groan slipping out of him, he strained his
arms desperately, but even when their two masks were fifty centimeters apart, the arms Cerberus had wrapped around his back
showed absolutely no sign of releasing him. In fact, the pressure
damage increased due to Haruyuki’s efforts, and the speed of his
gauge’s decrease accelerated.
“It’s no use, Crow. I’ve been shown a vault’s worth of material
on you. You have no means of turning a situation like this
around.” The voice that came from the visor pinning him down
had regained its quiet.
Those words were definitely not a boast. His special-attack
gauge was fully charged, so he could have flown up to a high altitude with Cerberus still hanging on to him and slammed into the
ground with a sudden drop to do damage, but Haruyuki’s back—
the part that deployed his silver wings—was currently held fast. If
he tried to force them open, he might actually damage his wings
instead.
So the reason Cerberus had used his restraint technique on
Haruyuki’s chest rather than his more fragile head was because
he was aiming to render his flying ability useless. He really had
somehow looked into Silver Crow’s weak points. Haruyuki was
curious about who exactly had prepared those materials, but he
had more important things to deal with at the moment.

“Then those materials were apparently…not complete,” he said
with a groan, and he mustered up every ounce of strength he had
to stretch his arms out all the way. Sparks scattered not only from
his constricted chest but also from his shoulders and elbows.
Their two masks were nearly a meter apart, but even still, Cerberus’s arms would not let go. However, that was not Haruyuki’s
aim.
A mere meter. To create this distance, he had accelerated the
loss of his already negligible gauge.
“Unh…aaaaaaah!!” Shouting, Haruyuki released his arms and
quickly crossed them before his eyes.
Rrrk! The air shook, and a pure white light gushed from Silver
Crow’s mirrored visor.
“Wha…?” Cerberus gasped, hoarse.
Haruyuki glared at the goggles, which had narrowed to centimeter-long slits, before flinging his arms open and shouting the
technique name.
“Head…buuuuuuuuuutt!!”
Drawing out a trail of light like a comet, the round helmet
charged downward diagonally at an incredible speed. Instantly,
his head crossed the meter between them and slammed into Cerberus’s face. The impact, enough to make the stage shudder, radiated outward and sent the piles of snow around them flying off
into the distance.
If this had been an ordinary head butt, it would, of course, not
have broken the protection of Physical Immune; it would, in fact,
have shattered Crow’s visor. But what Haruyuki launched was Silver Crow’s level-one special-attack Head Butt. Its range was
small, and the pre-motion was long, so normally, even when he

did bring it out, it didn’t make contact. In fact, the first time he
had deployed it, a moment that should have been commemorated, he’d been shamefully crushed by Ash Roller’s motorcycle
before it activated, so he had basically gone entirely without using
it ever since.
Thus, the majority of Burst Linkers wouldn’t even know of the
existence of this technique, and the reference materials Cerberus
had seen would be no exception to that. And even if in the unlikely case that it was noted there, the detailed characteristics of
the technique would absolutely not have been.
The damage characteristics for Head Butt were half-physical/striking and half-energy/light. A light energy attack had the
exact opposite characteristics as the nihilistic energy attack best
represented by Dark Blow and was falsely similar to a laser attack. With no heat, it pierced essentially any armor and gave a
pure impact with no directionality. In other words, even if half of
the Head Butt power was repelled by Cerberus’s Physical Immune, the other half would reach him.
And there was one more thing. The majority of close-range
special attacks canceled out any reaction damage, no matter what
the target of the attack. Attacking with a normal head butt would
have carved away Haruyuki’s own gauge, but right now—
“Nngah!” Cerberus cried out, showered in the entirely unexpected, extremely close-range impact, while at the same time, he
released the hold of his arms. This one instant knocked him onto
his back on the exposed white road. Just like the day before,
throwing damage was applied, and the health gauge that had
dropped more than 30 percent in the initial impact decreased another 30 percent.
Half-embedded in the hard road by the impact, Cerberus
boldly attempted an immediate counterattack. He reached out

once more and attempted to grab ahold of Crow, who dropped
down a moment later.
But Haruyuki’s own hands flashed out lightning quick to seize
Cerberus’s arms instead, and the metallic wings on his back, now
free, were deployed to the fullest.
“Ah…Aaaaaah!” The battle cry pouring out of him, he peeled
the heavy metal avatar off the road surface and ascended vertically upward at top speed. In the blink of an eye, he had reached
an altitude of nearly a hundred meters.
Hazy sunlight pushed through the clouds high up in the distance to make the Ice stage glitter beautifully, the pure white of
snow and the pale blue of ice. With Cerberus dangling from his
hands, Haruyuki went into hovering mode, and the two avatars
were also wrapped in the spectacular silver light.
Wolfram Cerberus didn’t so much as twitch. Haruyuki thought
that maybe the personality switch had happened again, but that
didn’t seem to be the case. The visor covering the original face
opened with a clack.
Cerberus looked around at the icy world that continued to the
far-off horizon with the exposed black goggles. “I had no idea…So
you can see this far even in a normal duel stage, hmm?”
“Yeah. This world’s infinite,” Haruyuki replied, and then continued after a brief pause. “There’s still a ton of things you don’t
know about the Accelerated World, Cerberus. It’s the same for
me, though. Sometimes, I think that even the wins and losses of
the duels are really nothing more than one element of this world.”
“One…element,” Cerberus murmured in a voice that was almost inaudible.
“Yeah.” Haruyuki nodded deeply. “A long time ago, in that

hospital you can see over there”—as he spoke, he fine-tuned the
direction of his body to make it so that the large hospital soaring
up to the northeast of Asagaya Station would enter Cerberus’s
field of view—“I fought a close friend. It ended up with me dangling him just like this. He was on the verge of total point loss,
and I was about to drop him to the ground.”
“…”
“…But I couldn’t. And not because he was my friend. It wasn’t
because I felt sorry for him, either. It was because I realized that
what decides the meaning of the duel isn’t the BB system; it’s us.
We fight to get Burst Points, go up levels, and get stronger. But
that’s not everything. I’m sure there’s something bigger that we
win and lose in the duels.”
“And…what is that?”
“I still don’t know. But I think if I fight—no, live in this world
with my friends, someday I’ll find out.”
“…”
Shifting his gaze from the hospital in the distance to Wolfram
Cerberus, silent once more, Haruyuki gasped and opened his eyes
wide.
Because he saw glittering droplets of ice falling from the edges
of the goggles he could spy beyond the visor patterned after a
wolf’s maw. It wasn’t that the diamond dust dancing about the
stage had gotten stuck there. They were frozen tears.
“…I, too.” His voice trembling, Cerberus moved his hands and
grabbed onto Haruyuki’s arms from below, his own wrists
clasped by Haruyuki’s hands. “I, too…would like…to know that. If
there is something in this world…more important than winning
fights…I would like to…see it.”

“You’ll get to,” Haruyuki said, pushing back whatever it was
welling up inside him, and then took a deep breath, about to continue with “Come with me” in a firm voice. But he didn’t get to
utter those words.
A pale-purple light reaching up from somewhere on the
ground quickly pierced his left wing. A little after that, bwwan!
He heard the high-pitched sound of vibration.
“Ngah?!” Haruyuki cried out in surprise.
“Aaah!” A shriek slipped out of Cerberus as well. He sounded
almost like he knew the true form of the light, but before
Haruyuki had time to check, he was plunging to the ground in a
tailspin.
He tried desperately to get his body under control with just his
right wing, but he couldn’t manage it with the heavy Cerberus
dangling from his hands. To at least not have damage for a fall
from up high applied to him, he forced a reverse thrust as they
were on the verge of slamming into the ground and somehow
managed a soft landing.
The place where they came down, kicking up snow, was about
fifty meters to the west of the original intersection. Having finally
gotten out from under the bike in the intersection, Ash Roller was
for some reason pointing the index fingers of both hands intently
to somewhere on the west side.
Pulled in, Haruyuki looked in that direction.
Bwwwan! He heard the sound again. A purple light shone on
the roof of a five-story building, and at almost the same time, an
incredible heat pierced his right shoulder. Combined with the
previous blow, it brought the remainder of his health gauge down
to less than 10 percent.

“Ngaaah!” Haruyuki collapsed with a moan.
In front of him, a figure blocked the way, arms spread out.
Cerberus.
“Wh-why?! It’s supposed to be my role to fight Silver Crow!!”
Once more, a shout that was a shriek. These words made it clear
that he knew the attacker behind the purple laser.
Pressing on the injured area of his right shoulder with his left
hand, Haruyuki stared intently at the roof of the building. It appeared that someone was standing there, but they were backlit;
he could only make out a silhouette. Slender body, disproportionately large head. This figure raised the right hand that had been
on its hip, popped up one finger, and lightly waved it.
“Not like I wanna be doin’ this sorta thug stuff, Onesie.” A girl’s
smiling voice.
He had heard that Kansai accent before. More than heard it—
knew it. It was the voice he had heard by his side when he had
been made to stand on the witness stand at the meeting of the
Seven Kings a mere four days earlier.
“Argon Array.” The instant Haruyuki called the name in a
trembling voice, the sunlight was blocked by the clouds again,
and the silhouette took on color.
Pale-purple armor covered her entire body. She wore a large
hat, and the upper half of her face was hidden by large goggles
with round lenses. On the front of the hat, two lenses even larger
than the goggles were embedded; one was covered by a shutter,
while the other was exposed.
Argon Array—also known as the Quad Eyes Analyst—had the
unique ability of being able to see the status of other Burst Link-

ers. Thus, she was given her nickname, or put another way,
Haruyuki had been convinced this meant she was a type with no
remarkable abilities, but…
“So then why are you interrupt—?” Cerberus started to say in a
hoarse voice, and purple light flashed.
The source of the light was the lenses on Argon Array’s hat.
Rather than targeting Haruyuki this time, the thin laser that
reached out from there, with an audible vibration, passed beside
Cerberus’s head and dug deep into the ice wall behind them.
“Interrupt? You’re awful, Onesie. I was jus’ helpin’ you. Now
quit messin’ around and take the boyo’s points already. Otherwise”—she was nearly thirty meters away, but even so, Haruyuki
could see the cheerful and yet freezing chill-inducing grin that
popped up on her face—“this time fer sure, Threezie’ll come out?”
This statement was meaningless to Haruyuki, but as soon as
he heard it, Cerberus shuddered noticeably. The angle of the arms
raised to protect Haruyuki dropped slightly. However, his gray
hands were clenched into tight fists. The small level-one Burst
Linker looked directly at Argon, already at level eight.
“I…I don’t want to fight only to earn points anymore!” he
shouted. “Crow taught me something! That there’s something in
this world…more important that points, than winning and losing
—”
Bwaaaan!
The fourth laser shot hit Cerberus’s left side. The beam of
light, narrowed down to the diameter of a needle, easily pierced
the super-hard tungsten armor and its absolute resistance to all
physical attacks, and the health gauge with over 30 percent left in
it was instantly whittled down to less than 10 percent.

Cerberus staggered and almost fell backward, but Haruyuki
caught him with outstretched arms. However, with no strength in
his body, he dropped to his knees in the snow.
“Tut-tut, Onesie!” Argon said in a voice that even now did not
lose its sunshine, even as she looked down on the two crouched
helplessly on the ground. “No talkin’ back to me now. Your job’s
to get loads of points, yeah? You don’t need to think about nothin’
else. I mean—”
Her speech was interrupted by the sudden roar of an engine.
Followed by a voice shouting even louder.
“Tera suuuuuuuuucks!”

Haruyuki shifted his gaze and saw that, having gotten back on his
motorcycle again in the intersection off to the east, Ash Roller’s
eyes burned with flames of unprecedented rage.
“Hey! Four-Eyed Violet up there! Quit yer smaaack taaaaalk!
Mighty Me! Is gonna give you a lesson! Time to mean the
dueeeeeeeel!” Red exhaust flames jetted out of the double muffler, and the longhorn motorcycle charged in a straight line toward the building upon which Argon stood.
“A-Ash!” Haruyuki shouted desperately. “No! Run—”
The laser that shot forth cruelly punched out the headlight of
the bike and apparently kept going to pierce and ignite the gas
tank. The bike was enveloped in hot, red flames struck through
with black smoke.
Even as it burned, momentum propelled it forward for a while,
but eventually, the bike fell over on its side, and Ash staggered a
few steps away from it before pitching forward and collapsing.
Perhaps stunned from the serious explosion damage, he showed
no signs of getting to his feet again. His health gauge was, like
Haruyuki and Cerberus’s, down to 10 percent.
“Ah…Aah…”
This was not the Unlimited Neutral Field, but rather the Battle
Royale variation of the regular duel space. Thus, even if
Haruyuki’s gauge did drop to zero, the number of his battle losses
would go up by one, and his points would drop by however much,
and with that, he could escape from the stage. Even still, a cry of
anguish slipped out of his mouth, and tears filled his eyes.
The exchange of Burst Points was not the end-all for the duel.
There was surely something bigger that they were winning and
losing. Haruyuki had said that to Cerberus earlier. Argon Array’s

merciless and overwhelming attack was taking something precious away from Haruyuki, Ash, and Cerberus. His tears were for
that. Although he wanted to take that something back, to stand
and face her, his body wouldn’t move. Still holding Cerberus,
Haruyuki looked up at Argon, who stood atop the building.
“That’s that, then.” The Analyst smiled again. “Guess we’ll
have to call it a day here. Lucky, huh, boyo? Gettin’ killed by me,
you won’t lose too many points. Rest easy.”
A purple light was lodged in the hat lens targeting Haruyuki.
Before his eyes, it grew brighter and stronger, and finally focused
on one point—
Glint!
What shone was not the laser. A blue glimmer flew in from
somewhere and scraped Argon’s left shoulder. A second shot, and
a third. Pouring down one shot after the next were not lasers, but
ice. Ice lances with sharp tips like needles.
Interrupting her own shot to dodge the others, Argon was
pushed to the edge of the roof before the barrage of lances finally
stopped.
The smile gone from her face, Argon shot a glare outward, and
Haruyuki absently followed her gaze. There was a building about
the same height on the north side, with Oume Highway in between them. A fifth Burst Linker stood on the southeast corner of
that building, clad in an aqua blue even more transparent than
the lances.
It was indeed a female type, but the form wavered unsteadily
because her entire body was covered in a clear, flowing liquid—
water. Perhaps due to the chill of the Ice stage, particles of ice
were mixed in with the water, and these made the avatar’s entire
body glitter like diamonds.

The eyes that shone with a pale light in the flowing lines of the
face mask locked on Argon Array, and the mysterious water
avatar spoke in a quiet yet powerful voice.
“You’re the one who’s going to be crushed by a level one and
lose a lot of points.”
Somewhere deep, deep in Haruyuki’s memory, he could hear the
babbling of flowing water.
To be continued.

AFTERWORD
Reki Kawahara here bringing you Accel World 12: The Red Crest.
I’m sure all of you kind enough to read the novel now understand the meaning of the title, but in this volume, I finally was
able to clarify the details of the incident in which the total point
loss of first Red King was brought about by the Black King, an incident which has been teased out endlessly since volume one.
I have the bad habit of adding one thing after another to
premises in the story, but unusually for me, this incident is just as
I initially conceived of it. Her appearance is finally…well, not yet,
but her name’s out there now. (lol) I hope you will wait for the
next book to see how Kuroyukihime and Haruyuki face the White
King, White Cosmos! Please! In other words, I’ve continued to expand the story again this time, and I am sorry!
Now then, additionally in this volume, we have the appearance of
Chocolat Puppeteer, one of the duel avatars I adopted from the
Accel World Avatar Contest that I informed you of in the last afterword. She ended up having a more critical role than I was expecting, and I, too, am both delighted and surprised by this. But
what was even more unexpected was that my editor, Miki, is quite
attached to little Chocolat. (lol) To the instruction of “More licking scenes,” I replied, “But this is an avatar!” In response, I got,
“So it’s fine, then!” I see! Yes, of course! I thought, so I put in lots
of licking. Nagomi Kiya, designer of this avatar, I am so sorry!
And thank you very much!
With regard to the avatar contest, I will announce another

three of the works entered in the second round for use as avatars
in the novels. They’ll also appear in turn (although the space each
gets will likely be different…), so look forward to that!
Around the time this volume comes out, I believe the TV anime
will be reaching its climax. Meanwhile, Aqua Current, one of the
Four Elements and a character appearing in episodes six and
seven of the anime (in Volume 10 of the novels), has finally managed to reappear in this volume. I intend for her to be a regular
starting with the next volume, but this means that there will be
yet another girl around Haruyuki, which does fill one with trepidation, doesn’t it!
To my illustrator, HIMA, who drew amazing and adorable
looks for all the new characters appearing one after another in
this volume, including Aqua Current; and to my beleaguered editor, Miki, to whom I gave an entirely different manuscript from
the meeting we had in advance—thank you so much.
Volume 13 is scheduled to come out a little later than usual,
but the next book for sure should finish this stage, so I hope you’ll
join me again!
Reki Kawahara
On a certain day in June 2012

1
The world was spinning. He was profoundly dizzy, like he’d been
hit with Silly-Go-Round, Yellow Radio’s special attack, but that
was impossible. Because this was the real world—the Arita living
room, on the twenty-third floor of a high-rise condo in northern
Koenji.
What made Haruyuki stagger, his body pitch back and forth,
and his field of view spin back and forth, around and around, was
definitely not fever or alcohol or some strange mushroom. The
VR space Kuroyukihime had created—code name: ZG01—he had
just dived into was having an intense effect on his sense of balance even after he linked out.
“Unh…Ooep…” Finally, a curious noise slipped out of his
mouth, and Haruyuki hurriedly pressed his hands against his
belly. But the sensation of his stomach trying to turn itself inside
out would not leave him.
“W-we can handle it…Be strong, Haruyuki!”
When he somehow managed to turn his gaze in the direction
of this voice, he saw Kuroyukihime sitting on the sofa immediately to one side, her pale head bobbing. He couldn’t exactly have
a full reverse of the spaghetti with cod roe that his beloved swordmaster had personally cooked for him an hour earlier, not right
before her eyes. Maybe it was the standing that was making him
dizzy; he took a step back to sit down himself.
But his body lurched once more, knocking him off his intended course by about thirty degrees to the left and back. There

was no way he’d be able to correct his trajectory now. Half falling,
he set his backside down heavily.
Instead of the harder elasticity of the leather sofa, an extremely enticing sensation, soft and gentle, enveloped him from
his bottom up to his back. At the same time, a kind voice remarked in his ear, “Oh my! Are you all right, Corvus?”
After struggling to make his spinning head understand what
had happened, he finally figured it out. Apparently, he had somehow sat down not on the sofa, but on the lap of the third person
in the room.
“Eeah! Whah! S-s-s-s-sorry!” He hurriedly tried to stand up,
but before he could, supple arms reached out from behind him
and squeezed his chest.
“It’s fine. See? Bad feelings, fly away!”
As the owner of the voice spoke, she caressed his chest, and his
nausea did actually recede, leaving him totally dumbfounded.
Still on the lap of Fuko Kurasaki, who apparently could use debuff abilities in the real world, he marveled that the distinct
drunkenness of just a moment earlier could vanish just like that.
“Exactly how long are you going to be held like that, you?!”
Having recovered from her dizziness seemingly under her own
power, Kuroyukihime had no sooner picked up a tea cake from
the glass table than she was shooting it at Haruyuki’s forehead.
Five minutes later.
“I know you went to the trouble of making that VR space,
Kuroyukihime,” Haruyuki said with a sigh as he rubbed his forehead, his senses having at last returned to normal. “But it’s a little
too rough. My eyes were spinning while we were inside, too, but I

can’t believe it made us this sick even after dropping out.”
“Mmm. I also didn’t believe it would be to this extent. But,
Fuko, why are you the only one here who’s fine?!”
The sudden focus of both Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime’s eyes,
Fuko brought her glass of iced tea to her lips with a composed
look and smiled brightly. “I’ve never been the type to get motion
sick. I’m completely fine in cars and 2-D racing games.”
Her “2-D” here meant the type of game that opened up in a
game window in a flat screen on her virtual desktop, rather than a
full-dive type. In other words, the player’s five senses continued
as they were in the real world, so that the G changes due to acceleration and cornering of the vehicle were not in the slightest
agreement with the other car behavior within the racing game.
Haruyuki suppressed the urge to “ooep” again just picturing it
and brought a lifeless smile to his lips. “Th-that’s amazing. I
thought I was pretty tough when it came to car sickness, too, but
with this today, I give up.”
“Hee-hee-hee! You just have to get used to it little by little,
Corvus. The evening is still young, after all.”
“Y-you plan to keep going?” he asked, the smile frozen on his
face.
“Of course.” Fuko nodded as if it were the most obvious thing
in the world and turned her eyes on Kuroyukihime, who was sunk
into the sofa across from her. “Sacchi went to all the trouble and
hard work of making it, that completely zero-gravity VR space.
Normally, it’s impossible to activate something like that.”
True enough. Kuroyukihime’s nickname for the handmade
ZG01 was short for Zero Gravity No. 1. Until a few minutes earlier, the three Burst Linkers had been on a full dive into a virtual

world where the sensation of gravity was completely canceled out.
The loading of such worlds, however, was prohibited by every
Neurolinker company in a voluntary restraint.
Naturally, this app was completely unconnected with Brain
Burst, so the time they’d dived was a mere fifteen minutes. Even
so, Haruyuki’s sense of balance had been completely paralyzed,
and the instant they returned to reality, he had been assaulted by
an intense gravity sickness. The reason Kuroyukihime had taken
such pains to create a 0G space—a space that had pretty much
convinced him that this was something manufacturers should
regulate—however, was directly related to Brain Burst.
Because, currently, the Accelerated World was afire with a single rumor: that exactly one month after the Hermes’ Cord race,
on the upcoming July 5, a new stage would be supplied for normal duels—and that this stage would be the completely weightless
environment of the Space stage.
“If that rumor’s true, then it’ll make a huge difference if we’re
used to the sensation of zero G, after all.” When Haruyuki said
this half to himself, he clenched both hands tight and then continued, “I’ll keep trying. At the very least, I’ll get so that I don’t get
sick! Kuroyukihime, let’s go again!”
But Kuroyukihime did not immediately respond to this forceful declaration. Looking like she was about to slide off the sofa
onto the floor at any moment, she remained silent, her eyes still
closed. Normally, this was the sort of situation where she would
immediately come back with something like “Mmm, that’s the
spirit!” so he wasn’t sure what was going on, and he watched over
her hesitantly.
A few seconds later her eyelids finally lifted, and her black eyes
stared at the ceiling, a little sluggishly. Through barely parted
lips, a single word fell out into the world. “…Bath.”

“Wh-what?”
“I’m taking a bath.” Kuroyukihime stood up, her upper body
wobbling unsteadily, still in her uniform because she had come to
the Arita house directly from school. Fuko supposedly stopped at
home on her way, but for some reason, she too was wearing her
high school uniform.
Kuroyukihime staggered to a corner of the living room and
hoisted up a large sports bag that apparently held a change of
clothes, and Fuko stood as well, with a smile that was almost
fondly exasperated.
“Excuse us, Corvus. We’ll be getting in the bath first. I’m just
going to go and take care of Sacchi. In that condition, she’s likely
to drown in the tub.”
“Y-yuh?” Still frozen solid, Haruyuki thought for a moment
and finally understood that Fuko was basically saying, “I’m going
to take a bath with Kuroyukihime.” The bath had been run, but
he’d thought they were going to use it after their weightlessness
training was over, so this was a bit of a surprise attack; his
thoughts couldn’t keep up.
“Y-yuh! Please, t-t-t-t-take your time!” Even so, he somehow
shifted to vertical mode on the sofa and tried to see the two girls
off.
Supporting the still-staggering Kuroyukihime with her right
hand, Fuko opened the living room door with her left hand. But
then she turned around slowly. “What do you think? Since we’re
all here, perhaps you’d like to jaeen—”
The last word fell apart thanks to Kuroyukihime’s fingers
flashing out lightning fast to grab Fuko’s cheek.
“Hauch, hauch, Sacchi!” Fuko cried out lightly with a smile as

Kuroyukihime dragged her in the opposite direction and disappeared into the hallway. When Fuko’s left hand, waving merrily
in his direction, pulled back and shut the door with a bang,
Haruyuki exhaled all at once the breath he had been holding.
Slithering down deep into the sofa, he looked at the analogue
clock on the wall. The two hands were indicating that eight
o’clock had finally rolled around. He wasn’t sure if it was because
this was the last Friday in June, but he had gotten an e-mail from
his mother to the effect that she wouldn’t be home that day,
which meant the night was still young.
At any rate, the purpose of this gathering was Space-stage special training, so when it came down to it, the other three members
of Nega Nebulus—Takumu, Chiyuri, and Utai—should have had
every right to be there, too. But there was a reason why only
Kuroyukihime and Fuko were taking part, and why they had both
come prepared with sleepover kits.
On the night before the Hermes’ Cord race approximately one
month earlier, heavy rain, followed by thunder and lightning, had
triggered network outages—so Kuroyukihime had stayed over at
Haruyuki’s for the first time. And the next morning, Fuko had arrived at the Arita house, the base of their race sortie, a fair bit earlier than the set time and had clearly witnessed a pajama-clad
Kuroyukihime coming out of Haruyuki’s room and disappearing
with a yawn into the washroom.
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime took turns explaining, and after
acknowledging at any rate the inevitability of the situation, Fuko
had declared, Raker Smile fully deployed, “Please invite me to a
sleepover as well sometime this month. Under that condition, I
would be delighted to keep this quiet.”
For Haruyuki, he was certain it was at best a joke, or in the
event that it wasn’t, that she would forget over the course of the

month. But. When he saw her in the Accelerated World the other
day, Fuko had smiled gently and—with the utterance, “June’s almost over, you know? ”—had made him aware that her declaration had neither been a joke nor faded away into obscurity. After
discussing it with the other concerned party (Kuroyukihime) and
shaking all the while, this and that had happened to lead to the
present situation. In other words, what was supposedly a session
of weightlessness training for the three of them was also a stormy
sleepover.
Naturally, it absolutely was not the case that he was unhappy
his beloved Legion Master and Submaster had come over to hang
out. However, that said, he didn’t have the mental leeway to simply have fun. Because Kuroyukihime and Fuko (and this was also
something he was glad for, but) both had the powerful conceit of
being Silver Crow’s teacher, and when they were together, they
had a tendency to try to drill him, with a strange rivalry sparking
between them. If they ended up saying something about a little
instruction in the Accelerated World while they were at it once
the 0G training was over—actually, yeah, that would almost certainly happen.
“I wonder what’d happen if I ran away to Chiyu’s place right
now,” Haruyuki murmured, pulling his body back into the sofa.
Chiyuri Kurashima, who lived two floors down, was likely to
cover for him, grumbling about it as she did so, but he probably
couldn’t escape the super-sensitive radars of Kuroyukihime and
Fuko at that distance. In which case, Takumu’s house in the
neighboring building— No, wait, what about Utai Shinomiya’s
house on the southern side of Suginami Ward, or the cake shop
occupied by the Red Legion Prominence in even more far-off
Sakuradai in Nerima Ward…?
Then, at that moment: klink-a-ring! Together with the light
sound effect, a window opened to fill Haruyuki’s virtual desktop.

A live call through the Arita home server. This was the image
communication system using the security cameras set up in every
room, which meant—
“Wh-whoa?!” Haruyuki threw his head back fiercely at the
white (steam and foam from the call location) and light pink (the
bare skin of the caller) that was deployed in his field of view. The
momentum sent him tumbling off the sofa, but of course, the
window did not disappear.
“Hey, Fuko, what are you looking up at the ceiling for?”
“I forgot to give a warning about one little thing.”
“Warning? To whom?”
This back-and-forth held the unique echo of the bathroom and
filled Haruyuki’s hearing. There was no room for doubt that the
owners of the voices—which equaled the owners of the bare skin
—were Kuroyukihime and Fuko.
I can’t look! He squeezed his eyes shut, and even pressed both
hands over his eyelids, but the window was displayed on his virtual desktop—it was actually inside his head, so it wouldn’t disappear with these sorts of actions. In fact, closing his eyes cut off the
bright light of the living room, making the live video window even
more vivid.
In the center of this window, Fuko Kurasaki, foam like
whipped cream strategically positioned on her body, smiled
brightly as she looked directly up at the camera. “Corvus, I’ll say
this just in case. If you should happen to run out while we’re in
the bath, you know verrrrry well what will happen, okay? ”
Y-y-y-y-yes, o-o-of course, I know! But before Haruyuki could
answer—

“Wh-wh-whaaaaaat?!” A cry that closely resembled a rival
character from the shonen comics of the last century rang out on
the other side of the camera. “F-F-F-F-F-Fuko, you didn’t actually
connect a live circuit with Haruyuki, did you?!”
“Now, now, it’s all right, Sacchi. I’m protected with carefully
calculated angles and obstacles. ”
Just as she said, due to the foam from the body soap and the
angle of her body, only Fuko’s left arm and back were shown on
the right side of the window.
However, in front of her, Kuroyukihime had apparently been
having her hair washed by Fuko and was, befittingly for the Black
King who poured all her potential into attack power, without defense or maybe taking a no-guard battle strategy.
“A-a-and what about me?!” Shouting, she wrapped her arms
around her own body, but this action only further weakened her
thin foam armor.
No, Kuroyukihime! We’re still in junior high! Haruyuki cried
out in his mind as he tried to turn his face away. But, naturally,
the window chased after it, so the effort was in vain. And he
couldn’t even remember the simple fact that all he had to do was
disconnect the circuit or minimize the window with the hands
currently covering his eyes.
“Sheeah!” Suddenly, Kuroyukihime’s arm flashed out in a
move like one of Black Lotus’s thrusting techniques, and the
lump of foam she launched covered the camera on the ceiling of
the bath in a thick layer.
Haruyuki stared with a mental Ah! at the window dyed a single
shade of white, and in his ears, he heard the voice of his Legion
Master.

“Haruyuki.”

“Y-yes?” he replied ever so timidly.
“While we’re in the bath, get three direct cables ready at the
emergency disconnection hub,” she said in a tone that could even
be considered kind. “It seems tonight’s special training is going to
go long.”
Getting the emergency disconnection ready meant they were
diving not into the normal duel field but rather the Unlimited
Neutral Field. In that case, the words “go long” held a truly terrifying nuance. Like someone saying “This is going to be a long
trip…” in some sci-fi space movie as the crew, from a faster-thanlight-speed ship, gazes at their home star.
“L-long? Like how long…?” Haruyuki asked, not knowing
when to give up.
Kuroyukihime’s response was crisp. “Long enough that you’ll
completely forget this video feed.”

2
Rubbing her hair with a towel as she returned to the living room,
Kuroyukihime looked in turn at the three XSB cables and the
small hub set out on the glass table, then at the glass of mineral
water Haruyuki reverently held out to her, and nodded. “Mmm.”
She accepted the glass and drank the water down, the ice
lightly clinking. Standing at attention before her, Haruyuki sent
glances at his Legion Master, fresh from the bath.
Her warm, gray pajamas were the ones she had bought at the
shopping mall attached to the condo on the day of her unexpected
sleepover a month earlier. At the time, she had grumbled that
they didn’t have black, but she had actually brought them with
her today. The top was short-sleeved, while the bottoms were
knee-length, so her flushed pink skin offered a vivid contrast with
the gray of the fabric.
Perhaps this thought was a trigger; in that instant, the live
video from earlier started to puff up and start playing in his head.
Kuroyukihime pressed the glass, now with nothing but ice in it,
up against his cheek.
“Heeyaaah?!” Leaping up, Haruyuki then faced a direct hit
from the special attack Super Chilly Kuroyukihime Smile.
“If you don’t hurry and forget the things you should forget, the
time we dive in the Unlimited Neutral Field will only get longer,
you know, Haruyuki.”
“Uh, um, we’re not doing the zero G training anymore?”

“That’ll make us sick—I mean, I don’t like the background texture, so we’ll do it next time. Or are you saying that you’d like to
try and firm up your memories in a weightless space?”
“N-noofcoursenotridiculous! I’ll forget everything—I’ve already forgotten! I’ve completely forgotten!” he shouted, moving
his hands and head from side to side on a horizontal.
“Oh my, is that so, Corvus? So then, are you telling me you’ve
forgotten my heartfelt warning?” Now it was Fuko’s voice echoing
in the living room, and Haruyuki’s entire body snapped to a stop,
frozen.
He turned toward her, emerging slightly behind Kuroyukihime, with her Vacuum Smashing Raker Smile, and protested vehemently, “N-n-n-no, I didn’t forget! I remember! I completely
remember!”
“What? Those words are going to extend your special training
by a month, you know?”
“N-n-n-no, I don’t remem— No, I forg— Wait, um…” Flapping
his hands, he displayed his powerful Mega Stunned Haruyuki
Panic.
The two older girls suddenly let out small giggles and then
began to laugh out loud in earnest. Unable to react any further,
Haruyuki could only freeze in place.
Five minutes later.
In a state of total lethargy in reaction to the too-great mental
load, Haruyuki stared vacantly from a ways off on the carpet at
Fuko’s handling of the blow dryer she held to Kuroyukihime’s
hair.

In contrast with the simple gray pajamas that were Kuroyukihime’s sleepwear, Fuko’s was a pale-blue, fluttering negligee.
Since she was sitting on the sofa with her legs out to one side,
about 65 percent of her shapely legs were exposed beneath the
lacy hem. Normally, he very much wouldn’t be able to turn his
gaze in that direction, but he was currently in a state of mental
shutdown, so thinking it had to be okay, he took in this sight,
more beautiful than anything.
“Ah!” A small cry of realization fell from his mouth. Now, he
did hurriedly look away. And then hung his head deeply. It wasn’t
that he had seen something he shouldn’t have; just the opposite.
When he looked at Fuko, something that normally would definitely have entered his view did not now: her trademark over-theknee socks.
“It’s all right, Corvus,” she said, suddenly.
A shudder ran through his body. But he couldn’t lift his face.
“B-but…” Head still hanging, he managed to get this out.
“Right from the start today, I wanted you to see, Corvus,”
came her immediate, gentle response. “So, go on then, please lift
your face.”
“……”
After hesitating another few seconds, Haruyuki nervously
started to move his gaze. His eyes traced out the striped pattern
on the carpet, reached the angle of the sofa, and went left. Finally,
his field of view captured two snowy white, bare legs. The nails
shining brilliantly at the ends of the toes and the line of the
metatarsals popping up slightly were entirely without uncanniness, but the construction of these legs was different from
Kuroyukihime’s or Haruyuki’s. They were artificial, made of
metal and biocompatible nanopolymers—prosthetic legs.

Going back from the legs to the negligee, Haruyuki finally met
Fuko’s eyes again, and she greeted him with a smile more gentle
than anything.
“Please come closer, hmm?”
Kuroyukihime, having her hair brushed by Fuko, also encouraged Haruyuki with an unusually warm smile.
Steeling his resolve, he lifted himself up from the carpet and
crawled over to the girls on all fours. When he plopped down on
the floor again, Fuko’s hand stopped, and she sat up straight on
the sofa. At the same time, the noise of a motor so faint Haruyuki
normally didn’t notice it reached his ears.
“About eighty percent of the output is covered by artificial
muscle fibers, but fine control is difficult with just that, so I still
need servo motors in the joints.” Her fingertip traced the knee
area.
When he looked closely, a faint line ran around the leg, about
five centimeters wide, at the kneecap. Other than that, it was really impossible to tell the leg apart from a biological one. This
line, normally covered by her over-the-knee socks, was probably
the connection between her real leg and the prosthetic, but the
precision with skin color, the continuity of faint shadows was
such that it was thoroughly impossible to believe that the area
above the line was flesh and the area below it machine.
“It’s. Amazing. It’s like…a work of art. Um, if they’re this beautiful, I wonder…if you really need to wear socks,” Haruyuki murmured.
Fuko giggled and ran her fingers from the connection line up
to the thigh above. “The reason I wear the knee socks isn’t to hide
my prosthetic legs, but to protect the artificial skin. In fact, from
this line until about fifteen centimeters up is, strictly speaking,

not biological.”
“Huh?”
“The attachment socket is covered in nanopolymer skin and
wraps up my own legs. They’re fused on the skin cell level, so I
can’t take off the attachment part by myself anymore.”
“Your own…legs,” Haruyuki repeated in a quiet voice.
“I talked to you a little about this before.” Fuko started to nod
slowly. “My legs aren’t missing because of an accident or an illness, but because of a hereditary genetic defect. So the fetal defect
would have been reported to my parents fairly early on in the
pregnancy.”
The expression on the face of the older girl as she told this
story didn’t seem to be at all different from her usual look, but the
end of her sentence trembled just for the hint of a second. Sitting
alongside her, Kuroyukihime moved about ten centimeters to the
side to bring her body up against Fuko’s. She placed her hand on
her friend’s knee.
As if encouraged by this contact, Fuko began anew: “Normally,
with a defect like missing legs, the parents would think about
aborting. There was a real possibility that I wouldn’t get life in
this world…At the time, actually, my parents apparently really
struggled with it. Considering that, I should be grateful they allowed me to be born. But…ever since I was little, until this year,
when I turned sixteen, this feeling of resentment toward my parents has stabbed into my heart like a small thorn. Why…why did
they give birth to me…?”
“…”
Unable to immediately think of something to say, Haruyuki
clenched his hands tight, still sitting on his knees on the carpet.

All Burst Linkers carried in a place deep in their hearts their
own individual wounds. The Brain Burst program used these
wounds as a forge to produce the duel avatar, so an avatar’s appearance and abilities inevitably reflected the state of these
wounds, although the degree to which they did so varied.
The most significant characteristic of Fuko’s other self, Sky
Raker, was not the beautiful female-type duel avatar itself, but
the Enhanced Armament it had been born with, Gale Thruster. A
streamlined rocket booster equipped on her back, although its firing time was short, the thrust surpassed even Silver Crow’s flying
ability.
Fuko had once described Gale Thruster as “incomplete
wings”—that her feeling of being afraid of reaching the sky even
as she sought it produced its absolute maximum altitude of three
hundred meters. However, that was not the case. Haruyuki and
Fuko had learned this in the final stage of the Hermes’ Cord race,
at the pinnacle of the orbital elevator they reached together. Gale
Thruster—no, the duel avatar Sky Raker—hadn’t been born to fly,
instead bound to the surface of the earth by gravity.
“But, you know, that thorn, Corvus…You pulled it out for me.”
Sunk into thought as he was, these words reached Haruyuki’s
ears in a cloud.
The servo motors made a slight operation noise, and Fuko got
down off the sofa and dropped to her knees in front of Haruyuki.
She shifted to a more formal kneeling position with such a
smooth motion, it was no different from biological legs, then
reached out her left hand. Her soft palm gently wrapped around
Haruyuki’s clenched fist.
“What you said to me at the end of the Hermes’ Cord race,
‘You’ve always been a duel avatar meant to fight in space’…these

words made me finally realize what’s important. That…maybe
there’s meaning even in being born with legs that are only less
than half as long as a healthy person’s.”
“Meaning…”
“Yes.” Fuko nodded and took her hand away from Haruyuki’s
fist, which had loosened at some point, and touched her own leg
with her palm. “In the bottom of my heart, somewhere so deep
that even I can’t see it, I’m sure I’ve wanted it all this time. A
world that’s natural with these legs. That’s…”
“A weightless environment?” Unconsciously, Haruyuki finished Fuko’s sentence for her.
The gentle smile before his eyes moved slowly up and down.
“I’d forgotten for a long time, but when I was still in the lower
grades of elementary school, before I became a Burst Linker, I
read this small paper media book at the library nearby. It was science fiction for adults, so the kanji characters and terminology
were difficult, and I struggled with them, but I used the AR furigana reading function in my Neurolinker and pushed myself to
keep reading. Because that book was about children who were
given arms instead of legs through genetic engineering to be more
adapted to a weightless environment. It was almost like I was one
of them. I was totally captivated.”
Here, Fuko’s smile changed into something a little sadder.
“The book was incredibly old, published in the last century, so
there wasn’t a rating chip embedded in it. Which was why I could
read it; it was actually designated as fifteen or older. So halfway
through, the librarian found me and took it away. I just had to
read it to the end, so I tried to get my parents to buy me the digital media version, but there wasn’t one. The PM version was removed from the library before too long, and I never did get to fin-

ish it.”
She moved pale fingers gently on her knees as though tracing
them across a paper page.
In Haruyuki’s brain, novels, manga, and anime were things
scattered around as data on the network. It was hard for him to
imagine a book you could lose and never read again, but even so,
for some reason, he felt like he could understand Fuko’s sad bittersweetness.
“Of course, I was very sad.” Lifting her face, Fuko continued,
“But I was a child, so eventually, I forgot about the book, and now
I can’t even remember the title or the author’s name. But…I suppose that desire, me also wanting to go to a weightless world, remained somewhere in my heart all this time. After that, when I
became a Burst Linker, the program took the mold of this wound
and desire that even I had forgotten and produced Sky Raker and
Gale Thruster.”
She stopped there and looked back at their Legion Master,
who was still on the sofa. The pajama-clad Kuroyukihime looked
at her friend with a tranquil expression and then finally, soundlessly, stood up and sat down so that she was on Fuko’s left side.
Fuko’s mouth stayed shut for a while before she started again
in a slightly softer tone. “But because I forgot my true wish, I set
my sights on something stunted in the Accelerated World. If I
had realized sooner that the place my avatar symbolized was not
the sky, but space beyond that; if I could have believed in the existence of a Space stage that would someday come and had waited
for it—I wouldn’t have made Sacchi so sad, I wouldn’t have created the trigger for the destruction of the Legion—”
“You’re wrong, Fuko.” Kuroyukihime reached out both hands
abruptly and wrapped her arms around the girl to cut her off. “If

we’re going to talk about blame, then it also lies with me and all
our Legion members for not trying to understand the strength of
the feelings you were holding back all that time. You reached level
eight to be freed of the yoke of gravity, and still you were not permitted to touch the sky. I should have understood and accepted
you, the fact that you were willing to cast aside even your avatar’s
legs. But rather than doing so, I chastised you. I was so reluctant
to lose your combat abilities. I was the one pushing my desire to
become level ten on everyone in the Legion, an act of ultimate
self-righteousness.”
At that time, Haruyuki hadn’t been a member of Nega Nebulus
—he hadn’t even been a Burst Linker—so he could only guess at
the details of the situation. But from the bits and pieces of information he had gained so far, he thought he had grasped the facts
at least.
Two and a half years earlier, in the winter of 2044, the first
Nega Nebulus had been destroyed. The sequence of events leading up to this tragedy was tangled and complex. The fact that
Kuroyukihime accepted Fuko’s request and amputated Sky
Raker’s legs with her own sword. The fact that at the meeting of
the Seven Kings immediately after that, she had taken the head of
the first Red King Red Rider, who was insisting on the necessity
of a mutual nonaggression pact. And the fact that even later,
everyone in the Legion had taken on the challenge of attacking
the Castle and the utterly impenetrable guard of the Four Gods.
These were not all unrelated incidents.
Most likely because of her perception that she had been the
initial trigger, Fuko’s avatar had remained without legs until a little while after she came back to the second Nega Nebulus. Normally, damage from missing parts was healed the instant the duel
ended, and what had made it permanent in this case was Fuko’s
“negative will,” convinced as she was that she did not deserve to
get her legs back. Put another way, it was basically a curse she

had cast on herself.
However, in the Hermes’ Cord race, when she flew with Gale
Thruster in the sea of stars that she finally reached, she got her
legs back. The curse that had bound her for over two years—several times that, when time spent in the Accelerated World was included—had been released.
“You can just get back the things you’ve lost bit by bit,”
Haruyuki murmured suddenly, abstractedly.
With Fuko and Kuroyukihime’s eyes on him, he would normally shrink into himself and be unable to say anything further,
but at that moment, he earnestly put his thoughts into words.
“You get lost, you lose, you make mistakes…But if you just go
back a little, I’m sure you can find the things you’ve lost again.
And then you can just start walking from there. I mean, you, Master, and Shinomiya did actually come back to the Legion. I’m sure
the other two members of the Elements, and the rest of the Legion members, too—they’ll come back to you soon enough,
Kuroyukihime. That’s what I think…”
It definitely wasn’t a long speech, but here his vanishingly
small speech engine overheated, and Haruyuki hung his head,
closing his mouth. But even after waiting a few seconds, there
was no reaction from the other two, and he started to think that
maybe he’d made some kind of terrible mistake and that maybe
he should use a So-Sorry Dash and escape to the washroom.
“Honestly, Corvus. Here you are, the younger one, making us
ladies tear up. It’s not fair.”
Hearing this, he got flustered—“ladies”?!—as he gingerly lifted
his eyes. It was just when Fuko lowered the finger she had up at
the corner of her eye. Before he knew it, the look on her face had
returned to the usual Raker Smile, and the legs she had tucked

neatly underneath her slid out to one side inexplicably—until she
stretched them out in front of Haruyuki.
“As a reward, you’re allowed to touch them, just a little. ” The
paleness of the legs stretching out from the hem of the negligee,
and the super-destructive force of this line easily smashed
Haruyuki’s mental powers.
Not noticing the unnaturalness of the situation or Kuroyukihime’s hard eyes on him, he said, “O…kay,” and gradually advanced the fingers of his right hand.
The instant his fingertips made the contact with her surprisingly thin ankle, Haruyuki gasped. The nanopolymer had an overwhelmingly smooth texture, and the faint warmth surprised him.
When he thought about it, it was probably only natural that the
electricity of the battery inside was continually converted into
heat, but this “body temperature” definitely didn’t seem like that
of a prosthetic leg. He finally moved his fingers up. The elasticity
produced by the artificial muscle fibers covered by the polymer
skin was indeed natural and had a suppleness of trained muscles
that was far from the pudginess of his own legs. The connection
area from the shin to the knee was apparently a combination of
many motors, gears, and dampers, so here alone was a slightly
mechanical feel.
The instant his fingers moved around to the back of the knee,
an “Mmm!” slipped out of Fuko, and her leg moved slightly.
“Uh, um, you can feel that?” Haruyuki asked in surprise,
hoarsely.
“Yes. Well, it’s just on the level of a rough sense of pressure.
The skin sensation sensor elements are still under development.
But when they’re touched gently like that, I feel a little tickle.”
“I-I’m sorry,” he hurriedly apologized, and he started to pull

his hand away.
But Fuko pushed on his hand and grinned. “It’s all right. I
want you to really know my legs, Corvus. Please, continue.”
“…O-okay…” As he was told, Haruyuki returned his fingers to
the artificial skin. He moved around from the back of the knee to
the top of the round kneecap and arrived at the faint connection
line. From there down was completely prosthetic, but from what
Fuko said, the top was also the connection attachment and
socket, and on top of that, the nanopolymer skin and her own
skin were fused at the cellular level. But he couldn’t tell at all at a
glance how far the polymer went. Admiring the high level of cutting-edge cybernetics technology, he slowly traced his fingers
along the slender thigh. He advanced five, ten, fifteen centimeters
above the connection line, and the instant he was fairly near the
hem of the negligee—
“Ah!” With a faint voice, her whole leg twitched back again.
“Fr-from that area, it’s my own skin. Original human sensors
are indeed amazing, hmm? The sensation of touch is totally different.”
“Huh? Th-this is the border? I totally can’t tell from the feel or
the look of it. They really are fused, huh?”
“Mmm! C-Corvus! If you touch me like that, it tickle—”
Gnyaaaaang! There was a sudden assault on his left cheek,
and Haruyuki took his fingers off Fuko’s leg and flew up.
“O-owhowhowhowhahaha!”
“Just. How. Long. Are you going to do that?!” The one shouting was, naturally, Kuroyukihime, yanking as hard as she could
on Haruyuki’s cheek with her right hand. “Normally, a person

pokes a little and stops! And you, Fuko! You! Why would touching your leg be a reward?!”
“Goodness! It’s just that Pard from Promi told me that Corvus
was apparently quite weak to legs.”
“What?” Kuroyukihime’s voice held a dangerous edge.
“Wh—N-no!” Haruyuki jumped a little, left cheek still pinched.
“I definitely don’t have a leg fetish or anyshing!”
“Setting aside the veracity of the information, why would
Blood Leopard know something like that?!”
“I—I—I don’t hnow! I jush rode behind her on the motorshaicle and on her avatar’s back!” he protested, totally absorbed
in his defense, and now it wasn’t only Kuroyukihime, but also
Fuko’s eyes that suddenly grew cold. Without even the time to
think, Crap—
“That reminds me, Fuko. There’s still something we have to
do, hmm?”
“That’s right, Sacchi. We forgot our responsibility to give
Corvus special training in the Unlimited Neutral Field, didn’t
we?”
Held tight on either side, Haruyuki was dragged over to the
glass table.
“Uh, um, it’s late already, and we have school tomorrow.”
“Not a problem. We took care of homework a while ago, didn’t
we?”
“B-but we have to do the Space-stage training, too.”

“Don’t worry. We can do as much of that as we want later.”
“B-but it’s getting to be time to go to bed…”
“It’s fine, Haruyuki. The night is long in the Unlimited Neutral
Field.” Kuroyukihime had no sooner said that than she was inserting a cable into his Neurolinker. The other two cables were
quickly connected to each of the girl’s Linkers, and three indicator lights flashed on the hub on the table.
“All right then, we’ll go on the count of five. Corvus, for each
minute you’re late, the special training menu will go up a level,
hmm? ” Fuko announced this with a smile even kinder than the
one she had flashed him earlier, and there was no way he could
not shout the command and just run away somewhere instead.
Sweat oozing down his forehead, Haruyuki was still secured
on both sides as his Legion Master and Submaster began the
countdown together.
“Five, four, three, two, one…”
“““Unlimited Burst!”””
Shouting in unison with the girls, Haruyuki thought, It’d be
great if the Space stage happened soon. Then I could tag-team
with Master, and we’d win all over the place with the combo of
Gale Thrust’s propulsion and Crow’s maneuverability. I won’t
ever let anyone call Master “Icarus” again. I mean, Master’s—
Sky Raker’s—wings have finally arrived, glittering sky-blue.
In the world of the stars—that world she’s wanted more than
anyone else…
END

