1
Battle Royale, one of Brain Burst’s Normal Duel modes, was very
much like a regular fighting game in that it incorporated an expanded framework to service combat beyond the regular one-onone.
For instance, you didn’t know which opponent existed where
until they had come within ten meters of you or you saw them directly. Naturally, there was a guide cursor, but only one; it
pointed in the direction of your closest enemy and would disappear if you were in combat. So it was more than possible that a
new duel avatar could suddenly jump in while you were battling
the Burst Linker before you. That situation was actually the true
thrill of the Battle Royale.
In fact, in this duel—started unexpectedly at six PM, June 27,
2047—Haruyuki had first made contact with his old frenemy, the
biker Ash Roller. Only then did the duel’s initiator, the superhard metal color Wolfram Cerberus, storm in on them.
In this third ferocious battle between the metal colors,
Haruyuki had struggled with Cerberus’s hold technique, but had
just barely managed to escape by using his special attack Head
Butt. He flew up, dragging Cerberus with him to a high altitude,
and neatly put the other avatar in check.
However, another challenger had appeared to change the direction of the battle: the mysterious F-type avatar, nicknamed
Quad Eyes Analyst, aka Argon Array. From the lenses equipped
in her hat—lenses that had seemed up till now to be used for data
scans—she had shot a terrifyingly powerful laser and pierced one
of Silver Crow’s wings, felling him. Argon then mercilessly shot

Cerberus—apparently an acquaintance of hers—and even destroyed Ash and his motorcycle all in one go; she was poised to
stomp down the entire Battle Royale on her own. Or so it seemed.
And then a third challenger appeared and turned the tables
once more.
“You’re the one who’s going to be crushed by a level one and lose
a ton of points.”
The quiet—yet unfathomably powerful—voice shook the diamond dust dancing in the Ice stage.
An avatar of a unique hue, her entire body was enveloped by
clear, circulating water.
The Burst Linker Olive Grab from Great Wall also had armor
with a slick coating, but the thickness of his oil layer was entirely
different from this. Babbling like a small river as it flowed from
her head out to her four limbs and carving out four individual
arcs to return to her head once more, the total volume of water
this avatar held was about the same as the size of her main body
itself.
From the slender waist and smooth form, it seemed like an Ftype. And the voice, too, was more feminine than not, but since
the avatar body itself couldn’t be seen, it was impossible to be
sure.
The duel avatar that was probably a “she” used the chill air of
the stage to produce ice javelins, which she launched to block
Argon Array’s laser attack. From the concept of the attack to the
precision of her aim, it was clear she was accustomed to fighting
—making it very hard to believe that she was a newbie, as she’d
just announced.
On his knees on the road, Haruyuki quickly checked the multiple mini–health gauges displayed in the top right of his field of

view. Since the gauges were automatically displayed in order of
proximity, the one at the very top was that of Cerberus, who was
immobile in Haruyuki’s arms. He didn’t even have 10 percent left
in it, his strength having been carved away first in the battle with
Haruyuki and then by Argon’s laser attack.
Below that was Ash’s gauge. He was on the ground, stunned,
in a snowy field a ways off. Not only had he also been hit with the
laser—he’d taken the entire splash damage from the explosion of
his own motorcycle, so his remaining health was similarly under
10 percent.
And the third gauge was that of the mysterious flowing-water
avatar. The level displayed contradicted her relaxed and imposing
fighting style; it really did say 1. Gasping, wondering who exactly
she was, Haruyuki’s gaze moved to the avatar name beside the
health bar.
“…Aqua Current…” Earlier, he’d seen—no, heard—the name he
now muttered softly. And it was a name that had been spoken
somewhere very important.
But for some reason, he couldn’t remember whose mouth he’d
heard it from or in what context.
—Wait.
Pssh. Pssh, pssh. In his ears, he could hear the sound of flowing water. The refreshing cool of it washed over the core of his
mind, like a waterway that had been stagnant and then started to
flow again. At the same time, a hazy feeling—no, a conviction—
was born and grew within him.
“…That person…”
I know her.
And I haven’t just heard her name. Sometime, somewhere…

not so long ago, we fought in the same stage. Not as enemies,
but as a tag team.
That’s right—she saved me. When I was facing a crisis so serious, so massive that my life as a Burst Linker was on the line,
this avatar saved me.
And not only that…something more; something even more
important happened when we parted…
“…Aah, you really gave me a fright there. Never even dreamed
you’d show up here, Curren darling.”
This voice abruptly cut off Haruyuki’s intent excavation of his
own thoughts. He immediately sent his eyes racing in the direction it had come from, only to find the figure of Argon Array,
standing with her hands on her hips, upon a rooftop on the south
side of Oume Highway, their battlefield. The upper half of her
face was covered by large goggles, so only her mouth was visible,
and as always, a coquettish smile played on those lips. But at the
moment, it seemed as though the tiniest bit of tension was bleeding through where there had been absolutely nothing like it before.
It was true that even if Argon had shot her apparent comrade,
the battle was still three against one. This was precisely the time
and place a player would normally tense up, but one of the three
(Haruyuki) had 10 percent health left, and Ash was immobile, so
it was basically no different from a one-on-one.
On top of that, Argon’s health gauge was still full, and at eight,
she was a vastly higher level. What on earth did she have to be on
guard about against the level-one Aqua Current?
Occupying the top of a building exactly opposite Ash Roller on
Oume Highway, Current’s face was hidden beneath her flowing
armor as she responded in her truly soft voice, “I didn’t think
we’d meet again like this either, Array.”

It seemed they’d known each other for some time.
“Hmm?” Argon asked in return, lightly shrugging a shoulder.
“Then what kinda scene did you picture?”
“Naturally, a fight to the death…wagering all our points.” Current uttered these fearsome words without the slightest hint of
agitation.
Argon’s reaction to this was a bit delayed. After a few seconds
of silence, she erupted. “Pfft! Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha! Same as always, saying the craziest stuff with the straightest face. You
wanna get into a sudden-death duel with me, you gotta escape
first, yeah?” And then, a breath later: “From Unlimited EK at the
Castle.”
“…!!”
The instant these words entered his ears, Haruyuki gasped
sharply.
“Unlimited EK at the Castle”: In other words, that meant that
just like Ardor Maiden had been, Aqua Current was currently
sealed away on one of the altars of the Four Gods, who numbered
among the Super-level Enemies of the Unlimited Neutral Field.
But that’s impossible! You can’t use the Unlimited Burst command to dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field unless you’re level
four.
Current, at a mere level one, shouldn’t have been able to get
anywhere close to the Castle.
Holding his breath, Haruyuki waited for her response.
But the flowing-water avatar apparently had no interest in
continuing that conversation. She took a splashing step forward
and turned toward Argon, who was thirty meters to her right.

“I’ll simply satisfy myself today with taking points from you.
There’s not a lot of time left. Enough talk.”
“Ooh, don’t be cold like that. This is our long-awaited reunion,
y’know? We both have so much to share…” Argon spread out her
hands and shook her head—and then suddenly, her hat flashed.
She had feinted with talk and then launched her laser with no
advance warning. And on top of that, it was both lasers at the
same time. The super-heated purple heat beams melted the ice in
the air on contact and carved out a pale trajectory, shooting toward Current.
Haruyuki didn’t even have the time to call out, “No fair!” The
terrifying part of Argon’s laser attack was that there was little
time lag from launch to hit. The lenses of the hat flared, and in
the next moment, the beam of light was already reaching its target, dozens of meters away. Naturally, it wasn’t quite the “speed
of light,” but it was fast enough to make spectators think so.
Haruyuki, Ash, and not even Cerberus with all his fighting genius
—none of them had been able to dodge it.
So Haruyuki believed that Current’s slender body would be
blasted away with her flowing-water armor, and he reflexively
turned his face away. But as he was on the verge of averting his
eyes, he saw the special attack Argon Laser brush past Current
and gouge into an ice pillar far behind her.
That super-precise sniper attack missed its target?!
No, hang on—!
The flowing water covering Aqua Current’s body had grown
thin, and in its stead, something had appeared in front of her.
A cube made of water was floating at the end of her outstretched arm. An enormous cube, with one side around fifty centimeters long. It was so transparent he could barely make it out

without straining his eyes. Most likely, that cube had bent the trajectory of Argon’s laser. In other words, it was the phenomenon
of refraction.
He didn’t understand why the high-energy laser, so powerful it
melted even Cerberus’s tungsten armor, had passed through and
been refracted by water without simply causing it to evaporate,
but at any rate, as long as she had that technique, Current had an
essentially perfect defense against Argon’s attack. The difference
in strength between a level one and a level eight should have been
overwhelming, but that was meaningless if no attack could actually hit its target.
“…Wow…,” Haruyuki murmured from beneath his mirrored
surface. The unconscious Cerberus in his arms had also overwhelmed a variety of midlevel Linkers—and that included
Haruyuki, of course—with his extraordinary abilities as a level
one, but Aqua Current’s strength was another dimension still beyond that. Her style, that bearing—it was the dominion of a highlevel player.
In fact, from the way Argon had spoken before, she and Current were old friends or something. If that was indeed possible,
the only thing he could think of was that Current was no newbie,
but an old-school veteran who had never once gone up a level
that whole time.
“Aah, now that’s somethin’, Curren. You went and taught
yourself a trick like that to fight me.”
Once more, the laughing voice interrupted his thoughts, and
Haruyuki looked up at Argon on the top of the building, unsure.
She continued. “It’s true, with your ‘Pure-Water theory,’ my
laser just goes right through, huh? But that technique’s not so
simple, from the looks of it. You gotta get some pret-ty tight control over the angle of laser entry, yeah? …So, like, how ’bout this?”

Pew! The air shook, and a beam of bluish-purple light jetted
forward. But the trajectory was not the extremely fine, straight
line they’d seen so far—rather, it was fan-shaped. When emitting
the laser, Argon had moved her head to the side ever so slightly.
The laser bent the instant it touched the cube of water, just
like before. By the time it passed through the cube and came out
the other side, the alignment was already more than twenty centimeters off, so it should have passed through empty air to the
right of Current.
But this time was different. Because Argon had shaken the
laser, once it passed through the cube, its trajectory shifted, and
the beam grazed Current’s right arm, albeit very lightly.
This time, there was a shfk sound, and then pale smoke rose
up from the slender arm. At the same time, Current’s health
gauge was brought down to just over 10 percent.
It wasn’t simply the power of the laser that generated so much
damage from a mere scratch. No matter how much she acted the
veteran, Current only had the health gauge of a level one. If she
was hit with the same attack ten—no, nine—more times, her
gauge would be helplessly blown away.
Thinking about how Aqua Current would respond, Haruyuki
finally realized something. Her laser defense with the cube of
water was indeed an impressive technique, but she definitely
couldn’t beat Argon with that alone. Brain Burst was a fighting
game, and there had never been a single fighting game you could
win with defense alone. Flying tools and special attacks would
shave away health points, and no matter how perfect the defense
might look, your gauge would slowly but steadily decrease. There
was no way Current didn’t know that.
In which case, where was she looking for her chance at victory?

It’s obvious. That would be me! Haruyuki gritted his teeth and
cursed himself for his own foolishness. Stupid dummy! Such an
idiot! What am I just sitting here staring for?! The instant Curren refracted that first laser, I should have been flying up out of
here. From her color and attack method, Argon Array’s a longdistance type. If I just stick to her, that should lock away her
laser attack. I’m sorry, Curren. Please give me just one more
chance! This time, I’ll work with you like a real tag-team partner!
Without noticing he had started to think as though Aqua Current was also an old acquaintance of his, Haruyuki focused his
mind. Argon’s laser couldn’t be fired continuously, it seemed.
Once she fired, it seemed to take a minimum of three seconds to
charge up again. With Silver Crow’s propulsive power, that was
enough time for him to fly up to the roof from the street and
grapple with her.
In the brief moment before her next shot, Haruyuki turned his
mind to Wolfram Cerberus, who lay motionless in his arms. He
still didn’t really know what the relationship between Cerberus
and Argon was, but at any rate, this mysterious level-one Linker
appeared to be under the Analyst’s control. And since Argon was
known to be a senior member of the Acceleration Research Society, Cerberus might have been connected to the organization that
was maneuvering in secret to bring chaos to the Accelerated
World, as much as it pained Haruyuki to think so.
Right. Thinking back, Haruyuki had already discussed with
Kuroyukihime and Fuko the possibility that Cerberus was an artificial metal color. And the one who had proposed the Mental-Scar
Shell theory that was the foundation of the Artificial Metal-Color
plan was this very Argon Array.
But.
But, Cerberus, I’m sure you said it before: that if there’s

something more important in this world than winning, then you
wanted to see it. I believe that’s actually how you really feel. No,
I know that it is.
After promising this to himself, Haruyuki completely switched
mental gears.
Defeat Argon Array. Even if he beat her here in a regular duel,
the number of points he could take from her wouldn’t make
Argon raise so much as an eyebrow, but even so, he could show
his intentions—his will.
Focusing his vision, Haruyuki looked up and saw the lenses
built into Argon’s hat flash with the faint light that was the signal
for her laser’s launch.
He left Cerberus to the snowy field and kicked off the ground
with all his strength. His left wing had been pierced earlier by
Argon’s laser, so there was a hole in a metallic fin, but he was sure
he could fly at least as high as the roof of a five-story building. No
—he had to fly that far.
Byook! The laser howled and reached out to Aqua Current.
Once again, Argon moved her head the tiniest bit as she fired to
thwart Current’s refraction defense. And just like before, the
beam of light that couldn’t be bent in time grazed Current’s body,
stealing another 10 percent of her health gauge.
But by then, Haruyuki was already closing in on the fourth
floor of the five-story building where Argon stood. He just had to
tackle her and bring this to a ground fight. He was a little reluctant to plan a fight with a pinning technique on an F-type avatar,
but this was not the time for such concerns. Now was his first and
only chance, created for him by Aqua Current.
“Ngaah!”
With a brief battle cry, Haruyuki was about to shoot forward

the remaining ten meters when Argon, afterglow lingering in the
lenses of her headpiece, turned toward him. The lips beneath the
goggles curled up into a grin.
The lenses of the oversize goggles he’d thought of as nothing
but glasses shone a dazzling purple.
…No way. It’s not just the hat. She has lasers in her eyes, too.
This flash of foreboding in Haruyuki’s brain did indeed turn
into two bright lines jetting out with a violent, high-frequency
whine. Evasion: Impossible. Defense: Also impossible.
—Don’t be afraid! Repel it!!
He couldn’t have heard the voice of his parent and Legion Master,
Kuroyukihime, in reality.
The time it took for the laser to shoot across the ten meters between them and reach him was not even one-tenth of a second.
And, although it was true that Kuroyukihime had dived into this
field as part of the Gallery, given that she had stayed behind
somewhere in Koenji’s Look Street outdoor shopping mall a fair
ways off, it wasn’t as though her voice could have reached him
there.
Even so, Haruyuki obeyed the voice that filled his head and
spread his wings to decelerate while crossing his arms in front of
his body. At the same time, the two lasers, drawing out parallel
lines a few centimeters apart, slammed up against the armor of
his arms.
Earlier, when he had been shot in the right shoulder, her
lasers had somehow or another cut through the metal of his
armor like butter, causing serious damage. But this time,
Haruyuki felt a pushing resistance, and the superheated energy
turned into a large ball, stopping in front of his arms. The armor
there was, in fact, the toughest part of Crow’s body, along with his

helmet. But resisting a laser was not simply a defensive power.
It was the ability he had learned a mere day earlier to avoid—
no, bend—all types of laser attacks. The name: Optical Conduction. He shouldn’t have been able to come close to using it in an
actual battle; he’d only succeeded in activating it once. And that
was half in a trance, so he almost didn’t remember how to move,
how to bend the laser. He had actually completely forgotten that
he had activated the ability, even after the Battle Royale started,
until that very moment. But there was no doubt this was the last
card he had to play.
“Nngh…unh…” Mustering every drop of mental power he had,
Haruyuki resisted the lump of ultra-high energy trying to burn
him to a crisp.
No, that’s not right.
It’s not about resisting; accept the light, guide it, release it.
Rather than just creating a physical wall to reject it, interrupt it
with a path leading to another world. That’s the mirror mind I
arrived at. The Way of the Flexible against light…
Casting aside his fear, Haruyuki loosely opened his clenched
fists and imagined both arms, from sharp fingertips to elbows, as
two light-guiding tubes.
Kashak, kashak. The guards on his arms transformed. It
opened to each side from a centerline, and from the gap, long,
slender crystals gradually rose up. The energy of the lasers that
had been held in a ball state flowed into the rod-shaped crystals
to the left and right to form a glittering X.
“…Sheeaaah!” Shouting, Haruyuki yanked his arms sharply to
his sides.
The energy released from the crystalline rods flew into the
space behind him, cutting two large holes in the snow-heavy

clouds before disappearing.
Now that she’d watched her special-attack lasers be repelled
with zero damage, the smile finally disappeared from Argon’s
mouth. The lenses on her hat, apparently finished recharging
early, began to shine once more.
If she alternated between shooting the lasers from her goggles
and her hat, in theory, the lag between shots would shrink down
to 1.5 seconds. Haruyuki’s Optical Conduction ability was 100
percent resistant to laser attacks, but if he was taking hits at that
interval, it would be difficult to repel them all.
Krk.
A hard sound came at him. But it wasn’t the launch of the
laser.
It was the sound of a lance of ice flying in from the opposite
side of the road and plunging deep into the left lens of Argon’s
hat.
“Ack…!” the Analyst let slip, reeling. The charging energy inside the hat exploded, shattering the left lens and sending tiny
pieces flying. This was apparently the weak point of the powerful
weapon; Argon’s health gauge dropped more than 20 percent.
Now! This was his last chance!
“…!” Without a moment’s delay, Haruyuki beat his wings with
everything he had. Silver Crow’s body shot up like a coiled spring
and closed in on the off-balance avatar. If he could just catch hold
of her to keep her from moving, that should decide the battle.
Five meters left…three…His outstretched fingers were about to
finally touch the Analyst’s thin armor.
“Razzle Dazzle,” Argon muttered, and three lenses—the one

left in her hat and the two in her goggles—shone with an incredible amount of light. But they weren’t lasers. Just a pure, white
light illuminating a broad radius.
Haruyuki had no sense of damage. His health gauge and its remaining 10 percent were untouched. But bathed in light at close
range, his field of view was dyed white, and all he could see was a
hazy view of his gauge and the counter display. Since he was
pretty sure dazzle was an English word for blind, it was probably
a blinding technique with no direct-attack power, just like the
name suggested. But the ability to completely rob an opponent of
their vision was perhaps even more powerful than the Yellow
King’s special attack Silly-Go-Round.
“Nngh…!” Haruyuki suppressed the reflexive urge to put his
head down, and he spread both hands wide and tried to catch
Argon with a shot in the dark. But the fingertips of his left hand
simply grazed some part of her, and he charged into the icy roof
of the building face-first.
“Heh-heh, trying to push me down? You’re way out of yer
league, boyo.”
With only those murmured words lingering in the air, any sign
of Argon vanished from his senses.
Fortunately, his vision was quick to recover, so Haruyuki sat
up and intently peered into the blur the area had become, but
there was already no sign of the Analyst. The guide cursor that
was displayed once again pointed toward Wolfram Cerberus, who
was still lying on Oume Highway below him.
Since entry into buildings wasn’t permitted in an Ice stage,
Argon shouldn’t have been able to escape the battlefield so easily,
and yet…
Wondering at this while refusing to give up, Haruyuki was
whirling his head around when he heard a voice coming at him

from nowhere:
“Two people with light defense abilities tires even me out.
How ’bout we call it a day? Time’s almost up anyway.” Just as she
said, the time remaining had, in the blink of an eye, dropped to a
hundred seconds. Her laughter-filled voice came to him on the
cold breeze, receding rapidly. “So we’ll play again, Crow. And…
darling Curren, too.” And then Argon Array’s health gauge disappeared without a sound from the stack in the right of his field of
view.
The reckoning of points in Battle Royale mode was a complicated calculation involving several elements, such as participant
level, the values of damage taken and given, and kill bonuses.
What could be said about this duel was that Haruyuki had done
some serious damage to Cerberus, but he had also taken about
the same from Argon, so he broke even. And although Argon had
mercilessly shaved away the gauges of Haruyuki, Ash, and Cerberus, she’d been hit hard by the level-one Aqua Current, so she
was also at zero gain.
As for Current, she’d had 20 percent of her health gauge
shaved away by Argon’s lasers, but she’d also broken one of
Argon’s lenses with her ice lance, doing about the same amount
of damage, so taking the level difference into consideration, she
should have taken some number of points from Argon—meaning
that she’d succeeded magnificently in following through on her
initial declaration of intent.
With these calculations racing through the back of his mind,
Haruyuki finally recovered his vision and sought out Aqua Current. But she was nowhere to be found on the roof she had occupied until only moments before.
No way. First Argon Array disappears, and now her? But I
have so many things to ask her. No, before that, I need to thank
her for saving me. Still squatting on the roof, Haruyuki was
about to call out her name, but before he could, a voice came

from behind him:
“Nice fight.”
“Huh?” Whirling around on his knees, Haruyuki found the unmistakable avatar with the unique flowing-water armor standing
before him. Beneath the membrane of babbling water, pale eye
lenses shone faintly. “Uh! Um! I, um, well!”
Just a little over eighty seconds remaining. Unable to immediately decide what should come out of his mouth, Haruyuki
flapped both arms from his formal sitting position and simply
rattled on in whatever direction his heart took him. “I-I’m sorry!
You came and stepped up for me in the fight and almost pressed
her up against a wall, and then I went and got taken down by a
blinding technique…”
Faced with the sudden apology, Current let the glimmer of a
smile slip through. She shook her head with a splashing sound.
“No, you fought well. Blinding you and then running off is her
specialty. That’s just how it goes. And if you had pushed Arra—I
mean, the Analyst—any further, she might have pulled a sudden
death on you with an Incarnate attack. In this situation, she
wouldn’t hesitate to do so.”
“I-I-Incar…” Even if there was no one within hearing range,
Haruyuki snapped to attention upon hearing this forbidden word.
Seeing his reaction, Current smiled again. “Anyway, Crow, I
think you still have something you have to do in this battlefield.
Something Argon Array wanted to prevent so badly she stopped
her watching and challenged you personally.”
“Huh…O-oh!” Right, it was just like Current had said. Immediately before his wing had been ripped through by the sudden appearance of Argon, Haruyuki had been trying to communicate
something very important to the genius Burst Linker Wolfram
Cerberus, who’d arrived on the scene so abruptly in the Acceler-

ated World.
“R-right. Excuse me. I’ll apologize properly later!” Haruyuki
shouted, bowing at Current before racing away, almost falling
over himself. Without hesitation, he leapt from the roof of the
building into an unstable glide with his injured wings. Once he’d
landed in the middle of Oume Highway, he lifted up Cerberus
from where he still lay on the ground.
The smaller avatar had yet to regain consciousness. Haruyuki
looked over at Ash Roller a little ways off; his frenemy was now
recovered from the stun effect and was wailing before the remains of his bike (“Noooooo! My glorious machiiiiiiiiine!”), so
Haruyuki figured that Cerberus’s unconsciousness was not due
simply to damage taken.
There was a good possibility that this was a sign of the personality change that had happened in their last duel, but it wasn’t
just his helmet; the armor on both shoulders was also silent. After
looking up and seeing that they only had forty seconds left on the
clock, Haruyuki steeled himself and started shaking the other
boy. “Cerberus! Wake up, Cerberus!”
Haruyuki would still be fine if the one that awakened was the
Cerberus II of the left shoulder, but he didn’t know what would
happen if Cerberus III—the currently unconfirmed personality
Argon called “Onesie”—in the right shoulder (or so he assumed)
ended up coming out. But if he let this chance get away, it was totally unclear when he’d be able to contact Cerberus next. And he
had no guarantee that even if they did meet again, he would be
the first personality, Cerberus I.
“Cerberus…!!” He couldn’t be sure that his earnest cries actually reached the boy. But a faint light blinked beyond the wolf’s
maw visor of his helmet. At the same time, the body encased in
tungsten armor began to shiver.
“…Crow…”

The voice that finally slipped out was unmistakably that of the
Cerberus I Haruyuki had now fought three times.
He pushed back a sigh of relief. “Cerberus, there’s no time left!
But I want to talk with you more! Please, as soon as this duel
ends, disconnect globally to keep Argon Array from challenging
you, and”—he shook off a momentary hesitation and mustered up
the next words—“come to this spot in the real world, the Oume
Highway entrance to Look Street! I’ll be waiting for you there!!”
“…”
Cerberus didn’t respond right away. He simply stared at
Haruyuki’s face without nodding or showing any other kind of reaction. But Haruyuki distinctly felt a swell of powerful emotion
seeking release in the small metallic avatar. In the upper part of
his field of view, the counter mercilessly sliced the time away.
Twenty seconds left. Fifteen. When the digital readout entered
the single digits, Haruyuki nodded deeply at the still-silent Cerberus and turned his face to the sky—and then set his eyes on a
completely unexpected sight:
Aqua Current, the flowing-water duel avatar, still on the roof
of a building on the south side of Oume Highway. And then, on
the northern side roof that Current had originally occupied, a
lone jet-black silhouette stood silently.
Swords for all four limbs; skirt patterned after a lotus. Mask in
the sharp shape of an inverted V, crowning a slender, supple
body. Haruyuki’s parent and the master of Nega Nebulus, the
Black King, Black Lotus.
Having registered Silver Crow on her spectator list, she’d
dived automatically into this battlefield as a member of the
Gallery when the surprise Battle Royale had started. But even if
she were only a spectator with no fear of being attacked, it was
risky for a king to reveal herself without a full understanding of
the situation, so she had remained at the north of the shopping

street where they had materialized in the Accelerated World.
And yet now, she had appeared in such a conspicuous place,
albeit only for the few remaining seconds. The reason for that
was…
As Haruyuki stared upward, bewildered, Kuroyukihime raised
her right arm smoothly. But not at Haruyuki.
The sharp tip of the Terminate Sword was pointing at Aqua
Current. But this gesture held not the slightest hint of hostility;
on the contrary, it looked like an expression of Kuroyukihime’s
heart, a desire to cross the ten-meter limit for distance between
duelers and spectators and move closer. Or perhaps, more accurately, a desire to touch her directly.
Perhaps feeling the same thing, Aqua Current also raised her
right hand and turned a fingertip with a thin line of water flowing
down it toward Black Lotus.
A faint part opened in the gloomy clouds filling the sky of the
stage, and a thin ray of evening light made the obsidian and water
duel avatars shine the same shade of orange.
A second later, the counter hit zero, and the words TIME UP!!
quietly burned before Haruyuki’s eyes.

2
The instant he returned to the real world, the commotion of the
shopping arcade closed in all around him, and Haruyuki unconsciously squeezed his eyes shut.
Koenji Look Street reached north from the Oume Highway intersection next to Umesato and stretched almost all the way to
Koenji Station. And it was a shopping area with history: Buildings
were crammed together on both sides of the pedestrian road,
which was paved with brick-like permeable tiles, and had everything from ancient bodegas to cafés and galleries and the game
shops Haruyuki so often frequented, so when night fell, it was
busy with shoppers even on weekdays.
Haruyuki leaned up against a streetlamp/social camera pillar
and fumbled with his Neurolinker to cut his connection to the
global net. When he let out a long sigh, he felt a hand on his head
—followed by a voice in his ear.
“Well done. That was an impressive fight against a level eight.”
His eyes snapped open, but before him, of course, was the
beauty of Kuroyukihime, the Umesato student council vice president and Haruyuki’s parent. Just like when Haruyuki fought hard
in the Territories every weekend, she had a gentle, proud smile on
her face. But he sensed that there was another, separate emotion
hiding beneath it. Sadness—no, a sorrow—for something lost that
could never be regained.
“…Kuroyukihime…” With her hand still on his head, Haruyuki
stared into her eyes. The last scene of the long Battle Royale was
still burning in the back of his mind—the two Burst Linkers on ei-

ther side of the main road, hands outstretched toward each other.
Considering that one was a level-nine king and the other a level
one, it was hard to believe they had such a deep friendship, but
the sight had been something like two sisters forced to live apart.
“…Um, Kuroyukihime. Aqua Current in the Battle Royale just
now…”
“…Mmm…” The instant Haruyuki quietly uttered the name,
Kuroyukihime lowered her right hand and dropped her eyes.
Seeing the look on her face, he hesitated for some reason he
couldn’t quite put his finger on. In his head, all kinds of questions
whirled endlessly round and round—“Do you know her?” “I’ve
heard her name before,” “How can a level one be that strong?”—
and eventually a card with “Why did she help me and Cerberus?”
popped up. Only then did Haruyuki finally remember the important promise he’d made.
“O-oh! I-I’m sorry! I have to go right now!” Haruyuki suddenly
shouted.
“Go?” Kuroyukihime lifted her face in surprise. “Go where?”
“Th-that’s—at the end of the duel, I told Cerberus to come to
the entrance of this ped mall. That I’d be waiting for him!”
“Wh—? No, that’s, but—”
Haruyuki knew Kuroyukihime was swallowing back the words
“It’s too dangerous.” As his parent, and as his Legion Master, it
was a natural call to make. The relationship between Wolfram
Cerberus and Argon Array was definitely not an ordinary one,
and Nega Nebulus suspected that Argon was a senior member of
the fearsome organization known as the Acceleration Research
Society. Given this, Haruyuki also couldn’t deny how big of a risk
it was to expose himself to Cerberus in the real.

“…I know. But.” He nodded once and then lightly shook his
head before continuing. “But he said to me that if there was
something more important than winning fights in the Accelerated
World, then he wanted to see it. At first, he said the meaning of it
all was just to win and earn points, but through duels with me, he
feels something. So…So I…”
As always, Haruyuki exhausted his verbal abilities at the crucial point, but even so, Kuroyukihime seemed to get what he was
trying to say. Her slightly widened jet-black eyes finally eased like
the sky on a spring night.
“Is that so? Then we’d best go.”
“Huh? …Y-you can’t mean you, too?”
“I’ll be a little ways off. It’ll be fine. We don’t have time to discuss it.”
That was certainly true. If Cerberus did decide to come to the
meeting place, but Haruyuki wasn’t there, then this whole thing
would go nowhere. Or it might even have the opposite effect.
“U-understood. Okay then, I’m sorry, but we have to hurry!”
Haruyuki took a deep breath and then started off to the south of
the strip at a speed a little less than a trot.
After moving forward for a few minutes, slipping through
housewives shopping for groceries and university students laughing as they strolled along, a large gate with a sign came into view
ahead of them. Said to have been standing there since the middle
of the previous century—although, of course, it had no doubt
been repaired several times—this classical metal gate corresponded to the precise location of the Oume Highway entrance to
Look Street.
At the moment, no boy who fit the bill was there. Although
Haruyuki had talked a little with Kuroyukihime after the end of

the duel, considering where he had appeared in the Accelerated
World, he had to have arrived first. If he just waited there, then
probably—no, definitely—Cerberus would come. And then, this
time for sure, I’m going to tell him. Together…
“I’ll say this just in case.” A hand reached out from behind to
hold Haruyuki back as he moved to approach the gate.
Looking back, he saw a somewhat strange expression on
Kuroyukihime’s face. “Wh-what?”
“Keep the possibility in one corner of your mind at any rate.
That Cerberus…might not be a boy.”
“Okay—whaaaat?!”
“Keep your voice down! …I don’t think that’s the case either,
but there is a precedent in your bitter enemy Ash Roller,”
Kuroyukihime said, slightly emphasizing the “bitter enemy” part
as she removed her hand.
Ash, in the Accelerated World, was indeed an M-type to end
all M-types, a Century End rider who referred to himself as “the
great and mighty me.” But in the real world, he was Rin Kusakabe, an extremely reserved, shy girl. As far as Haruyuki knew, she
was the lone gender-flipped Burst Linker, but if there was one exception to the rule, then there always existed the possibility that
there were two.
“And when it comes to special characteristics, Cerberus is
more than equal to Ash…Understood. I’ll be careful.” Although he
nodded his agreement, he began to doubt whether he could actually have a real conversation on first meeting if Cerberus turned
out to be a girl. And if Kuroyukihime was watching from nearby
on top of that, there was a serious possibility that his whole body
would stiffen up, he’d go into super sweat mode, and he’d become
unable to say anything other than the letter A.

Perhaps seeing through to these thoughts in Haruyuki’s heart,
Kuroyukihime simply said “Good luck” with a smile and turned
toward the mall entrance just ahead of them. She ended up going
into a fast-food restaurant to the immediate east of the sign gate,
where she was going to observe—or rather, watch over—him from
the other side of the glass.
Now that he was alone, Haruyuki took several deep breaths
before firming up his resolve and starting to walk. A few meters,
and he arrived directly beneath the gate, so he leaned his back
against a metal pillar on the far side from the fast-food place. He
glanced at Kuroyukihime sitting at a counter on the other side of
the restaurant window and looked around at his surroundings
again.
The time was 6:10 PM. It was a weekday, but there were plenty
of people walking by. From his position, Haruyuki could see the
sidewalk of Oume Highway running from east to west and the
shopping street stretching out to the north, and on both roads,
there was no shortage of office workers and students on their way
home, as well as shoppers constantly walking around. However,
at the moment, no one had stopped and looked his way.
In the Battle Royale duel, Wolfram Cerberus had appeared a
little after Ash Roller, from the northeast. Which meant that in
the real world, he (or maybe she) should have appeared from that
direction as well. If he was actually going to respond to
Haruyuki’s request, that was.
Glancing at the time display on his virtual desktop, Haruyuki
saw that just under five minutes had passed since the end of the
duel. If the Burst Linker was going to come, it would be from the
north or the east. Hands in loose fists, Haruyuki moved his eyes
between the two directions. But passersby and buildings interrupted his gaze, not allowing for a clear line of sight.
“So you can see this far even in a normal duel stage, hmm?”

He heard the voice again in his ears, faintly. These were the
words uttered by Cerberus after Silver Crow had brought him
high in the sky immediately before Argon Array had challenged
them. Given how Cerberus specialized in hand-to-hand combat
on the ground, he’d probably never viewed the duel stage from
that height before.
One more time. No—more. More. Any number of times,
Haruyuki wanted to show him that view again: the snowy white
streets of the Moonlight stage continuing on endlessly, illuminated by the enormous full moon. The sea of lights like the
ground was overflowing with stardust in the Downtown stage.
The green jungle reaching to the distant horizon in the Primeval
Forest stage. The eternal twilight dyeing the sky an ephemeral
madder red in the Twilight stage.
“…This world’s infinite.” Haruyuki once more quietly murmured the words he had spoken on the battlefield and turned his
face from Oume Highway to the shopping district.
And then he saw it: the figure of a small person standing perfectly still. One who had appeared in the blink of an eye on the
side of the road, about twenty meters away.
The figure wore a white, open-collared shirt that was probably
the uniform of some junior high and gray slacks with a fine
checkered pattern. From the clothing, it was a boy, but the hair
was longish. The face, more childish than masculine, was maybe
that of a seventh grader, a year younger than Haruyuki.
Haruyuki was a little concerned about the slightly twisted expression on his face, as though he were enduring something
painful, but what made the greatest impression was his eyes.
Even with the tumult of the narrow, glitzy street wedged between
them, Haruyuki keenly felt their gazes lock onto each other. The
boy’s eyes conveyed a strong light.
Normally, Haruyuki would reflexively turn his face away were

he to unexpectedly meet the eyes of someone he didn’t know, but
just this once, he held the boy’s eyes intently. His gut instinct that
this was Wolfram Cerberus was backed up by one other thing: the
gray Neurolinker he clutched in his right hand. And, naturally,
there was no such device on his slender neck. Haruyuki could see
at a glance that he had carried out the order Haruyuki had whispered as the duel was about to end to cut his connection to the
global net.
I’m here. Walk another twenty meters on those feet. If you do,
we’ll say hello first. Say our names, shake hands. And we’ll start
once more from there. Haruyuki spoke to him earnestly from his
heart. Whatever organization Cerberus belonged to, whatever secrets he had, when it got right down to it, they were both players
of the fighting game known as Brain Burst. As long as they shared
that foundation, they would definitely be able to understand each
other at some point. They could be friends.
I want to be friends with you, Cerberus!!

Perhaps picking up on this silent shout, the boy twisted his face
further. His eyebrows were pressed tightly together; his pursed
lips trembled. His right foot rose slightly, then came back down.
After a few seconds of inner conflict, the boy gradually relaxed
his shoulders, and a faint smile rose upon his face. He snapped to
attention, arranging his hands at his sides, and slowly lowered his
head. When he raised himself up, he looked back, and then
started running north on the shopping street. In the blink of an
eye, his small back was mixed in with the crowds of people, and
he disappeared from view.
“Ah…!” A short cry slipped out of Haruyuki, and he reflexively
started to chase the boy. But when he had taken two steps forward, he brought himself to a stop.
He couldn’t rush this. Cerberus had answered Haruyuki’s call
and come very close to the meeting place; he’d shown his face in
the real world. For a Burst Linker, exposing yourself in the real
held a very serious significance. So the next chance they had, he
would come even closer than he had today.
Right. Soon, for sure…
“I’m sure you’ll meet again soon.” Hearing this voice immediately behind him, Haruyuki turned around and found Kuroyukihime there with a take-out drink cup in one hand. Smiling faintly,
she nodded once and held out the cup.
Instantly, he was conscious of the thirst in his dry throat, and
Haruyuki bowed his head with a “Thank you” as he accepted it
from her. He put the straw to his mouth and drank half of the
cold oolong tea in one gulp. He let out a long breath, and then,
gazing at Kuroyukihime’s face, he said, “…You’re right. I’ll go to
Nakano again. And then I’ll duel him however many times.”
“Mmm. Good.” Kuroyukihime assented with a smile and pat-

ted him on the back.
With this action, he finally remembered—immediately before
they’d moved to this location, Haruyuki had asked her a question,
but he hadn’t yet heard the answer.
“Um, I’m sorry about before, interrupting our conversation.”
After apologizing, he asked again, “Um…Aqua Current, the one
who helped me out in the Battle Royale, do you…maybe know
her?”
Kuroyukihime’s face was suspicious at first, but she soon nodded sharply. “Mmm. I do. Current was my old—and my very important—comrade.”
“She…‘was’…So then you must have a lot more you want to
talk about.” Haruyuki had a sudden thought and he quickly continued, “R-right. Current might still be on the matching list for
this area. If you requested a duel, couldn’t you see her one more
time?”
“…Mmm…” Kuroyukihime hung her head and took a deep
breath, but rather than uttering the Burst Link command to start
a duel, this changed into a long sigh. “…No, we’ll have another
chance to meet some other time…,” she murmured, and it seemed
to him that the faint smile on her face contained several emotions, but Haruyuki could do nothing but nod.
The pedestrian traffic was interrupted for a moment, and the
vehicles on Oume Highway also stopped at a red light. In the silence that was born, Haruyuki gave voice to words containing his
own heartfelt emotion. “I guess so. So…some other time.”
“I’m sorry.” The response he got was not from Kuroyukihime,
but from someone who had taken up position behind her at some
point. “That ‘some other time’ is now.”
After passing through two seconds of stiffness, Kuroyukihime

whirled around, and Haruyuki sent his gaze flying ahead to the
right.
A person, likely a girl, was standing there. She looked to be the
same age as him, or maybe a little older, but she wasn’t wearing a
uniform. On her lower half, slim denim capris with sneakers; on
her upper half, a three-quarter-sleeve summer knit. The Neurolinker around her neck was a semitransparent white. Her hair
was in a bob that curled in slightly at the bottom, and a pair of
red-framed glasses accented her defined, clear features. She was
completely expressionless, but her somehow transparent eyes
alone flickered with light, like the surface of water. Like a small
window reflecting her shaken heart.
“Who—?” The mouth he had opened to ask, “Who exactly are
you?” froze where it was.
He had met this person somewhere before. That afterimage of
a memory he’d also sensed during the duel came back to life
somewhere deep inside his head; Haruyuki bit his lip with the
frustration of not being able to remember despite how badly he
wanted to.
The girl in the glasses looked at him, then at Kuroyukihime,
frozen silent next to him, and smiled faintly. After bowing lightly,
she turned to Haruyuki and uttered in a voice that was a bit
husky, “It’s been a while, Silver Crow.”
“Oh, um, hi—” Reflexively, he started to lower his head and
then froze once more. C-c-c-c-c-cracked in the real?! He lurched
back, but the girl stopped him with her right hand and took a
small rectangular object out of the shoulder bag slung across her
body.
When he looked, he saw it was a thin tablet terminal that
seemed a bit out of date. Her fingers danced across the touch
panel, and then she turned it around and showed it to him. Displayed on the eighteen-centimeter screen was a photo. It depicted

a person from the chest up. Chubby face, messy hair, round eyes
open wide, staring blankly, this idiotic face of a boy—no matter
how he looked at it, it was Haruyuki’s own. And not just that. The
text SILVER CROW was quite clear in the bottom of the photo, and
it was even dated: 11/09/2046.
“Wh…Wh-wha…?” Wh-wh-wh-why do you have this picture?!
Haruyuki was faltering once more.
“…Which is to say,” the girl said, “no need to worry about
being cracked in the real at this stage.”
Even with all this new information, he couldn’t simply accept
it with an “Oh, all right.” Still stiff as a board, Haruyuki continued
to glare at himself on the screen.
Here Kuroyukihime finally spoke, albeit softly. “…Curren…?”
And then, putting the tablet terminal back into her bag, the
girl pushed her red glasses up at the bridge with a finger and
turned to face Kuroyukihime for the first time. She blinked twice
or so before narrowing her eyes as though dazzled and then nodding lightly but assuredly. “A pleasure to meet you in the real.
And…it’s been a while, Lotus. The last time I spoke to you was…
two and a half years ago.”
This response had two meanings. First, that this girl in glasses
was Aqua Current, the level one with the flowing-water armor
who had helped Haruyuki in the Battle Royale earlier. And second, that she did indeed have a deep bond with Kuroyukihime—
or rather, the Black King, Black Lotus.
But that wasn’t all. Current had some kind of connection with
Haruyuki, too. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have a photo of him in
the real—and from six months ago, at that—and there’d be no explanation for why she saved him from Argon Array’s attack. But
why couldn’t he remember the details of the “some kind”?

Slammed with maximal frustration, Haruyuki unconsciously
hit his own head with his right hand. He went to bop himself one
more time, but Current quickly reached out to stay his hand.
“I’m sorry. It’s my fault you can’t remember.”
“…Huh…? What do you mean…?”
Current turned toward a dumbfounded Haruyuki and abruptly
said, “I’ll explain everything once I recover your memory. But for
that, we’ll need a safe place where we can relax. Any ideas?”
He shelved his questions for the time being and exchanged a
glance with Kuroyukihime before nodding sharply.
“Um…If you don’t mind walking a little.”

3
The Nega Nebulus strategy meeting room and frontline base—in
other words, the Arita living room, situated on the twenty-third
floor of wing B of a mixed-use, high-rise condo north of Koenji
Station. By the time Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime, and the girl in
glasses who was apparently Aqua Current arrived there, the time
was six forty-five PM.
For Haruyuki, who boasted a high-fuel-consumption physique
that ran counter to the times, now his hunger meter was approaching the red zone. However, until at least half of the mountain of questions and mysteries that had piled up were resolved,
even if he ate dinner, he wouldn’t be able to taste it.
Thus, after showing the girls to the sofa set, Haruyuki poured
three glasses of cold tea in the kitchen and piled some roastedplum mochi rice cakes, wrapped in seaweed, on a wooden plate
for a meager source of provisional sustenance. But on his way
back to the sofa with the tray, he stopped short.
For some reason, the sight of Kuroyukihime and Aqua Current
sitting across from each other lanced his heart. The two of them
were staring at each other silently; it was as though they each
deeply wanted the other to interact, while at the same time they
were trying to distance themselves. This mood very strongly reminded him of Kuroyukihime and Fuko Kurasaki/Sky Raker in
the period right after they were reunited.
“…Sorry to keep you waiting,” Haruyuki said, and he set the
tray down on the glass table before placing a mug of cold green
tea in front of each girl. The room was a little dim, so he went to
turn the lights higher, only to change his mind and open the

south curtains all the way instead. The light of the evening sun
pushing through the rain clouds departing to the east, dyed a
golden color, filled the window, making him recall the last scene
of the Ice stage battle, whether he wanted to or not.
“…The rainy season will be over soon, hmm?” Kuroyukihime
asked.
Haruyuki nodded. “The latest weather report said July fifth.”
“One more week, then? There are a few things I’d like to take
care of before that…Thanks for the tea.” Kuroyukihime took her
glass in hand, and the girl opposite her also thanked him before
putting her glass to her lips.
Haruyuki sat down at the foot of the table and took a drink
himself, with Current on his right. Once all three had had a
chance to breathe, Current casually remarked, “Right, we’ll start,
then.”
From the bag beside her, she brought up a portable XSB cable
with a round cord reel. She pulled out one of the plugs and offered it to Haruyuki.
“Huh…? Um, uh.”
“Direct connection’s easiest. Hurry.”
Left with no other choice, he took the plug and then glanced to
his left, where Kuroyukihime gave him a faint, wry smile. “If it’s
necessary, then you have no choice. See you in a bit.”
“O-okay. I’ll be just a minute, then.” Haruyuki inserted the
plug into his direct terminal.
However, Current, who had already connected the other end,
spoke immediately.
“Burst Link.”

In subjective time, it had been an acceleration of about ten seconds—so not even one-tenth of a second in reality. So short that
the instant they returned, Kuroyukihime murmured as if dumbfounded, “That was a quick trip.”
To speak of what had happened in the direct duel, Aqua Current, having appeared at the minimum distance from Silver Crow,
briskly walked over to him and placed her water-covered hands
on his helmet, pushed her forehead up against his, and said simply, “Memory Free.”
That was all. So even after the acceleration was over, it was
hard for Haruyuki to believe anything had changed. Current
wound the recovered XSB cable back up and tucked it away in her
bag, so the thing that was to be done had been done, he supposed.
But…
Pssh, pssh, pssh.
Haruyuki could hear the sound of water flowing, and he
looked back, wondering if he had forgotten to turn off the tap in
the kitchen. But when he thought about it, if that were the case, a
warning would have been displayed in his vision already. And
what he was hearing wasn’t the noise of flowing water roughly
splashing against the bottom of the sink, but rather the light murmuring of a small brook deep in the mountains. When he listened
carefully, he came to realize that the source of the sound wasn’t
outside himself, but rather inside. The cool, clear water flowed
through his head and brought back routes that had been blocked.
“……Huh? What?” Haruyuki’s jaw dropped, and he stared at
the (probably) girl in glasses sitting to his right. “…Aqua Current…So you’re that Aqua Current…aren’t you? Just like Raker
and Maiden. One of the Four Elements—a senior executive of the
first Nega Nebulus.”
Why had he forgotten something that important until now?
Hadn’t he just heard Aqua Current’s name during the mission to

rescue Ardor Maiden that had taken place a mere nine days earlier? And in this very living room?
Nega Nebulus, which two and a half years earlier had ranked
in power alongside the current six Great Legions, had dared to attack the Castle that sat at the center of the Unlimited Neutral
Field. But they had been routed by the Super-level Enemies that
guarded the four gates—known as the Four Gods—and destroyed.
At that time, the leader Black Lotus and the wind elemental, Sky
Raker, had fought Byakko, the guardian of the west gate, and just
barely managed to escape, but the three senior members who had
attacked the other gates had all been trapped in Unlimited EK.
On Suzaku’s altar at the south gate was Utai Shinomiya, aka
Ardor Maiden, the fire elemental. On Genbu’s altar at the north
gate was earth, Graphite Edge. And on Seiryu’s altar at the east
gate was water, Aqua Current.
It was true that at the time, his head had been full with the
mission to rescue Maiden, their top priority, but even so, it was
pathetic that he would forget the name of an Element so easily.
Haruyuki held his head—and its meager memory-storage capacity—in his hand and groaned.
But surprisingly, that wasn’t the end of it. In his mind, another
route opened up, and a new, large-volume memory flowed into
his mind:
Aqua Current. Also known as “The One.” The reason she was
called that was because she was a particularly special level-one
Burst Linker. Despite the fact that normally, level-one newbies
had their heads full of earning points for themselves, Current had
made a name for herself as “the bouncer,” accepting requests to
guard newbie Linkers who were on the verge of running out of
points.
Specifically, she took requests from level-one and -two Burst
Linkers and fought in a tag team with that Burst Linker until

their remaining points were back up to fifty. Her remuneration
for this protection was not points, but rather exposure in the real.
When the Burst Linker went to the café where they were to meet,
they entered their avatar name in a tablet terminal left at the
specified seat, and a camera app took a photo of their face. This
photo was sent to the terminal belonging to Current, who hid herself nearby.
As for why Haruyuki had such detailed knowledge of the procedure, it was because he had been Aqua Current’s client. Last
fall, back when he was still very much a little chick, he had gotten
so carried away in his delight at having finally gotten over three
hundred points that he’d completely forgotten to leave himself a
safe margin when he’d gone up to level two.
As a result, his points had dropped down to a mere eight,
putting him in the desperate, perilous situation of having Brain
Burst forcefully uninstalled if he lost even one duel. The person
who rescued him from this tight spot was the mysterious One,
Aqua Current. In the Jimbocho area, they had fought a succession
of level-three and -four opponents in tag-team matches to bring
Haruyuki’s points up to seventy. If she hadn’t guarded him, he
might have lost Brain Burst long ago—no; he almost certainly
would have.
“…Curren.” When Haruyuki lifted his head, he called her name
with a totally different feeling than he had up to that point. He
stared into the eyes of the faintly smiling, silent girl, eyes reminiscent of the shimmering surface of water. “Curren. I—I…all this
time, I’ve…wanted to see you.”
The instant he said this, a wave of a certain kind of Incarnate
was launched at him from the left, like something catching fire;
but as if in a trance, he continued on without noticing it. “I
wanted to see you and say thank you. Because you were there for
me, because you saved me, I’m here…” He was unable to put the
rest into words; instead, something hot welled up in both eyes.

Aqua Current turned to Haruyuki and nodded slowly before
replying gently, “I wanted to see you again, too. I wanted to meet
you and hear all your stories.”
More flames. A second wave of emotion came at him, and
Haruyuki finally turned his gaze toward the source. Instantly, his
entire body tensed up: Behind the quietly smiling Kuroyukihime,
he saw an attack-power overlay.

“Haruyuki?”
“Y-yeah?!”
“Sorry to interrupt when you’re having fun, but perhaps you
could explain? I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking
about.”
“Y-y-yeah!” Bobbing his head up and down, Haruyuki told her
the sequence of events of meeting Aqua Current, half in a daze.
Kuroyukihime listened quietly, nodding occasionally, and
Haruyuki wrapped it all up with, “So that’s the story.”
“…You idiot!!” Her thunderous roar ripped through him for
the first time in a while. Kuroyukihime leaned forward on the
sofa, pinched his left cheek tightly, and started ranting without
pause. “You were near death at the point when you reached level
two?! …No, I won’t reproach you after all this time for leveling up
without leaving a margin of safety. That’s my fault; I didn’t teach
you well enough. But why did you not come and tell me immediately?! If you had just told me, I would have given you however
many points you needed!”
“B-but back then you were in the ICU in the hospital, and you
weren’t allowed visitors—”
“This game isn’t some demo or off-the-shelf product! Even if
we couldn’t direct, we could have dueled via the hospital net,
couldn’t we?!”
“B-but back then, your remaining points were—”
“I got them back in no time at all hunting Enemies!”
…Kee-hee.
Abruptly, there was restrained laughter, and both Kuroyukihime and Haruyuki turned their heads at the same time.

Aqua Current, who had remained essentially expressionless
this whole time, had covered her mouth with a hand, and her
shoulders were shaking in tiny increments.
Huh, Haruyuki thought simply. So Curren can really laugh.
But Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki’s cheek still pinched between her
fingers, opened both eyes wide in surprise. After blinking several
times, she let slip in a completely different tone, “…Curren, I’ve
never seen you laugh like that before…Well, this is the first time
we’ve met in the real, so maybe that’s to be expected, though…”
Aqua Current continued her stifled laughter, but finally, she
cleared her throat and said, “I’m sorry. I wasn’t laughing because
it was funny. I was just happy…I mean, Lotus, it was like back
then, back when you used to fight with Raker and Graph in front
of me and Maiden…”
As she touched the red frames of her glasses, the young
woman closed her eyes, and when she lifted her head again, her
face was composed again. She sat up straight and set her hands
on the knees of her jeans, then focused her transparent gaze on
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime. “I’ll introduce myself once more.
I’m Aqua Current. My real name is Akira Himi.”
After a slight pause, the girl with the name Akira—at once a
girl’s name and a boy’s name; very fitting to the neutral air
around her—turned toward Kuroyukihime and dipped her head.
“Lotus. Silver Crow had no choice but to keep quiet about his connection with me, because I locked away the relevant part of his
memory.”
Five minutes later.
Once Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime had also finished introducing themselves and they were mostly settled on what to call each
other in the real, Haruyuki confirmed with Akira once more.
“Um, so then, eight months ago, you sealed my memory with the

Incarnate technique Memory Leak, and you unlocked it with the
Memory Free you used when we direct dueled just now. Is that
it?”
“That’s exactly right.”
“B-but why would you…?”
“You already know half the reason. Because you saw my real
face, Haru.”
“Oh? And how did you crack Akira in the real, Haruyuki?”
Kuroyukihime asked, mildly surprised.
“No,” Haruyuki said, scratching the back of his head. “It
wasn’t like I cracked her on purpose—I’m just always clumsy…I
tripped when I went to the washroom in the designated café, and
Akira just happened to be nearby…” The memory of slamming
into her, knocking her down, and then accidentally touching her
inappropriately finally came back to life, and Haruyuki slammed
his mouth shut. Body frozen, he moved his eyes and saw the
Akira in question picking up a plum rice cake, looking as though
there was nothing at all to tell, so he omitted that detail as he finished the story. “…Akira’s bag fell, and the tablet we saw before
came out, and my picture was on it…”
“I see.” Kuroyukihime nodded, albeit with a slightly doubtful
look on her face. “So even Aqua Current was done in by
Haruyuki’s powers of carelessness, hmm?”
“N-no, I mean, they’re not that great.”
“I wasn’t complimenting you…So, Akira, what was the other
reason?”
Their eyes turned on her, Akira pointed the rice cake between
her fingers squarely at Haruyuki. “I also explained that to Haru at
the time.”

“Y-you did? …Um…” He replayed the memories he had only
just recovered and finally arrived at the relevant scene. As she
was on the verge of using her Incarnate technique on him,
Haruyuki was pretty sure she had said something like, “…‘For me
and you to meet—in other words, it is still too early for Curren,
one of the Four Elements, to get involved with the newly restored
Nega Nebulus…’ Was that it?”
“Exactly. I thought the first one to rejoin you should be Sky
Raker. And anyway, Maiden, Graph, and I…”
“You’re in Unlimited EK…yes?” Kuroyukihime finished with a
pained look, and Akira nodded softly, lowering her eyes.
As he looked at each of them in turn, silent for the time being,
Haruyuki realized—no, remembered—something and took a
sharp breath. He had felt it in the middle of the Battle Royale earlier, but this conversation highlighted one massive contradiction
for him:
Akira’s duel avatar, Aqua Current, was sealed at the east gate
of the Castle in the Unlimited Neutral Field. In this condition,
Akira was active in the normal duel field as The One, a level-one
bodyguard. But.
“…B-but, um, you can only go into the Unlimited Neutral Field
from level four,” Haruyuki said, finally blurting out the conclusion his brain had come to, and the two girls turned their eyes on
him. They blinked together several times before Akira touched
the bridge of her glasses and opened her mouth.
“That’s a natural question. In fact, I wondered when you’d ask
it, Haru.”
Next, Kuroyukihime nodded slightly, her brow furrowed. “The
answer to that question is simple. When Nega Nebulus took on
the challenge of the Castle attack, Curren was level seven.”

“S-seven?! That’s the same as Maiden now! So how did she get
to level one…?” Completely baffled, Haruyuki gaped, only to have
a voice come to him from deep in his mind. Refreshing like a
breeze parting tall grasses, clear like a polished sword, this voice
was that of the mysterious young samurai avatar he’d met inside
the Castle. A precious friend, he had first introduced himself as
“Trilead Tetroxide,” and when they were parting, he’d revealed
his real name: Azure Air.
Haruyuki was pretty sure that when they were considering the
route for Haruyuki’s and Utai’s escape, Azure Air had said he
couldn’t recommend the east gate because the God Seiryu, the
Super-level Enemy guarding it, had a terrifying special power.
“…Level…Drain,” he murmured.
Kuroyukihime shrugged lightly. “…So you know it? That’s exactly right. In order to allow for all of her subordinates in the
east-gate attack squad to retreat, Curren stepped up onto Seiryu’s
altar to bravely fight. She was hit with the enemy’s unique attack
several times, and as a result—”
“My level dropped all at once.” As a Burst Linker, this was
probably the greatest possible damage you could think of—excluding total point loss, of course—but the words came smoothly
from Akira’s mouth. She took a small bite of the rice cake pinched
between her fingers and a sip of cold tea, and then she smiled
faintly at Haruyuki and his wide-open eyes—as well as at the
tense look on Kuroyukihime’s face. “But I don’t think of that as
me being more severely injured than Maiden, Graph, Raker, or
you, Lotus. There is no difference in the strength of the Four
Gods, the fearsomeness of them. When I was hit with the painless
Drain attack, Maiden was being roasted in the flames of Suzaku,
Graph was being crushed by a super mass, and you and Raker
were being ripped apart by Byakko’s claws and fangs. In terms of
simple pain and suffering, you all had it much worse.”
“…But, Curren—pain in the virtual world disappears once the

battle is over…But the damage you took…”
“Of course, immediately after my level dropped, I was a little—
more than a little—shocked, but it hasn’t been all bad. As the
bouncer, I’ve been able to help lots of kids in trouble like Haru,
and because of that…There’s no need to make that face, Lotus.”
Akira’s intonation didn’t change much, but her voice was still full
of emotion. She paused for a minute before starting again. “…But
setting aside the Level Drain, the fact that if you go too deep into
their territory, you will indeed end up in Unlimited EK is the
same for Seiryu and all the other Gods, so…even after I found out
that Nega Nebulus had reformed, I couldn’t make up my mind to
contact you before now. Of course I wanted to come back. The
truth is, I wanted to come back so badly, I could hardly stand it.
But if I rejoined the Legion, Lotus, you…” She closed her mouth
there and hung her head.
In her place, Kuroyukihime slowly nodded. “Right after we
were reunited two weeks ago, Maiden also said the exact same
thing. If she rejoined, the new Nega Nebulus—no, its master, me
—I would once again challenge the Four Gods to rescue her from
the seal at the Castle. As a result, there might end up being more
people sealed there. She was afraid of that.”
“It’s only natural to be afraid. I mean, you finally come back,
Lotus—Sach—to plant the Black flag in Suginami. I don’t want
that tragedy to unfold again.”
The nickname “Sach” that Akira used for Kuroyukihime was
an abbreviation of the “Sacchi” he had heard Fuko Kurasaki and
Utai Shinomiya use. With her simple tone, the bookish girl was
clearly from the planet Impatience—although not to the extent
that Pard was—and she opened her mouth again before Kuroyukihime could say anything.
“But, Sach, Haru…you pulled off a magnificent rescue of
Maiden from Suzaku’s altar. When I heard that rumor on the
wind, I was just so happy. I kept thinking the day would definitely

come when I’d meet you again and release the seal on Haru’s
memories…”
“…And so that was today, then?” Kuroyukihime remarked with
a smirk.
Akira nodded once, but then shook her head lightly. “The truth
is, I was planning to wait a little longer. But a situation came up
that won’t allow me to bide my time.” The sepia-tinged eyes on
the other side of her glasses were colored with a sharp light. “…As
you know, ever since the former Nega Nebulus was destroyed two
and a half years ago, I’ve been protecting low-level Linkers as the
bouncer. There are several reasons for that, but one of them is to
gather information. The Burst Linkers I help convey to me critical
information they learn in the Accelerated World even after they
reach the middle zone…insofar as this doesn’t interfere with the
activities of the Legion they belong to, naturally.”
Haruyuki nodded at this, with a powerful understanding. If his
memory hadn’t been deleted—no, sealed—he, too, would no
doubt have felt at least some obligation to return the favor and
would have stayed in contact with Aqua Current.
“So even while I’ve refused contact with the new Nega Nebulus,” Akira continued, her voice strained somehow while still
calm, “I’ve managed to get a grasp of sorts on the series of events
happening over the last while in the Accelerated World. Specifically, the large-scale terrorist incident due to a fourth-quadrant
Incarnate technique in the Hermes’ Cord race and the revival of
the Armor of Catastrophe, the order to purify the Armor made at
the meeting of the Seven Kings, the plague of ISS kits and the
Archangel Metatron appearing at Tokyo Midtown Tower, and…
the purification and sealing of the Armor by Silver Crow.”
The words she uttered so smoothly traced out the general
course of the majority of events that had happened over the last
month and a half, and it wasn’t just Haruyuki opening his eyes
wide in surprise; Kuroyukihime also stared as if stunned.

“Just like always, I suppose I should say. Your usual information-gathering powers show themselves once more, Curren.”
Spreading her hands, Kuroyukihime explained to Haruyuki, “In
Nega Nebulus before, Akira was in charge of information gathering and analysis. Her ability to pick up on fragments of rumors
that we wouldn’t even notice and follow them to some key chunk
of information was really magnificent.”
Praised by her former master, Akira murmured, slightly embarrassed, “Information is like water flowing through the pipes of
a city. There’s always some leaking out of the seams and cracks,
bit by bit, but no one’s paying attention.”
“W-wow…Is there really that much leakage in the water system?” Haruyuki asked, glancing back suddenly toward the
kitchen again.
Akira nodded with a serious face and revealed an unexpected
nugget of knowledge. “The leak rate at the beginning of this century within the Tokyo Metropolitan Waterworks was around five
percent. Even now in the 2040s, one percent of the water flowing
through the system in Tokyo disappears as leaked water. In terms
of volume, that’s about fifteen million cubic meters.”
“F-fifteen. Million…So, like, in two-liter soda bottles, um…”
Before Haruyuki could launch the calculator app on his virtual
desktop, Kuroyukihime quickly did the arithmetic in her head.
“Seven and a half billion bottles. Even so, apparently, the amount
of loss is fairly small compared with major cities in other countries…But, Akira, back when I was still level eight, I’m sure I remember you telling Graph, also level eight, to try leveling up first
in order to get information on the level-nine sudden-death rules.
Wasn’t that quite the strong-arming way of gathering information?” Kuroyukihime noted, a playful smile slipping across her
face.
“Graph was in charge of sacrifices, so there was no problem,”

Akira responded coolly.
“Ha-ha-ha! …Well, it’s true there really aren’t too many people
as sour as Graph.”
Watching Kuroyukihime laugh with delight, Haruyuki reflected on the powerful warmth he felt.
Although some pressing circumstances had apparently pushed
Nega Nebulus with their backs to the wall, now that Akira/Aqua
Current was back, three of the Four Elements who had made up
the senior executives of Nega Nebulus had returned. Of course,
Current’s so-called real body was still sealed on the altar of the
God Seiryu at the east gate of the Castle in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, but he had a feeling that the day when all four of them were
completely restored, including Graphite Edge—who he still only
knew by name—was definitely not far off. And it wasn’t just the
Four Elements; the other Burst Linkers who had belonged to the
old Legion would also come around one after another at some
point.
That was when Kuroyukihime would be able to reclaim what
she had lost. Once Nega Nebulus returned to being one of the
seven Great Legions in both name and substance, Haruyuki
wouldn’t be able to monopolize her the way he did now. It wasn’t
that he wasn’t sad about that, but the fact that he was her sole
child wouldn’t change. Plus, more than anything, it was still true
that, in order to reach level ten—the objective of Kuroyukihime,
and of Haruyuki himself—beefing up the Legion was a must.
He considered all of this as he bit into a plum rice cake, and
Kuroyukihime abruptly reached out to stroke his scalp. “Hasty as
always, hmm?”
He glanced at her kind smile, which looked as though she had
been reading his thoughts, and shook his head quickly from side
to side. “Uh— N-no, I wasn’t sad or anything. Not at all.”

“Well, you say that, and you’re basically confessing. Believe
me. You and Takumu and Chiyuri are just as precious—if not
more precious to me—than my old comrades. No matter how big
the Legion might get, the you inside of me could never get
smaller.”
“O-okay…” Haruyuki desperately pushed back the teary feeling
welling up inside him.
“It’s okay to cry when you want to cry,” Akira said from his
right, smiling. “If water isn’t always flowing, it gets stagnant.”
The Haruyuki from a little while before might have let his
tears fall, unable to stop them here, but he resisted and responded, “Um…I’ll save them up until you formally rejoin the Legion, Akira.”
“You will? Then you should remember what you said to me
immediately before I sealed your memory.”
“Uh, um…What did I say again…?” Even as he gave voice to
this, the scene from the time was replaying in the back of his
mind, as though Akira’s words had pumped it up. After Haruyuki
had agreed to the direct duel with far too little in the way of wariness, Aqua Current had told him, “I’ll take all the points you have
now as payment.” And to this, the words Haruyuki had said in
reply…
“…I won’t fight you. I like you, and—”
Kree, kree. A fierce pressure assaulted his head, interrupting
him. The source was Kuroyukihime’s five slender fingers still
resting on his head. Even as she displayed a power on par with a
duel avatar specializing in hold techniques, the smile on her lips
did not disappear. Of course, this was her special attack: Ultimate
Cool Kuroyukihime Smile.
“…I didn’t quite hear you. What did you say the reason you

didn’t fight Curren was?”
“Uh, um…That, it’s…l-like…um, very ladylike?—no, not that.
Oh, I got it. What I meant was, in all likelihood, I could never
beat you in terms of skills.”
Kuroyukihime refuted Haruyuki’s ever-so-masterful evasion
with a cool, “There might be abilities in Brain Burst, but there
aren’t any skills.” And then her face relaxed, as though that was
the end of that. After finally bopping him lightly, she pulled her
hand away from his head and took a rice cake between her own
fingers. “But, well, you being like that, it’s probably why Akira appeared like this in the real…”
She tossed the rice cake into her mouth and crunched on it,
making a satisfying sound, and then drank down the rest of the
tea in her glass. Haruyuki rose up in his seat to refill her glass,
and Kuroyukihime checked him with a wave of her hand. She
looked at Akira seated across from her with a serious expression
and said:
“…I still have a number of things I’d like to ask, but let’s set
aside talk of the past for the time being. What’s more important is
the present and the future—the reason why you visited Suginami
and contacted us today, Akira. Judging from the timing, I believe
it’s connected with the ISS kit or the Acceleration Research Society…So?”
Faced with this question, Akira nodded as she touched a fingertip to the bridge of her glasses. “As insightful as ever. The reason is both…Plus one more.”
“Oh? And that is…?”
Haruyuki waited for Akira’s response with the attitude that
he’d already had too many surprises to count that day, so nothing
he heard at that point would give him a shock. But the words she
uttered had a power that easily blew away that resolve.

“…The Armor of Catastrophe.”
“…!!”
Kuroyukihime simply inhaled sharply, but Haruyuki reeled violently and very nearly flipped over the back of the sofa.
He somehow managed to regain his balance and, after taking a
deep breath, shouted, “Th-that’s—! Th-the Armor—that curse has
been completely purified. It’s supposed to be gone!!”
It had been a mere six days since Haruyuki had returned “The
Disaster,” the Enhanced Armament known as the Armor of Catastrophe, to its original form, the Arc Destiny and the sacred
sword Star Caster, and then sealed them away forever in a corner
of the Unlimited Neutral Field. No matter what this Acceleration
Research Society was, they wouldn’t have been able to lay a hand
on that place now, and they absolutely must not be allowed to.
To begin with, scant minutes earlier, Aqua Current had said it
herself, hadn’t she? That the Armor had been purified and sealed
by Silver Crow.
As if to ease the shock Haruyuki had taken, Akira nodded once
before continuing. “I don’t think the society will be able to bring
back the Armor of Catastrophe itself. But they’re probably not
planning recovery. Rather, they’re after rebirth.”
“R-rebirth? You mean…make it again?” Even Kuroyukihime’s
voice was colored with fear as she asked this question.
Akira shifted her eyes directly forward and nodded once more.
“The Acceleration Research Society was involved in the birth of
the Armor of Catastrophe seven years ago…or so I’ve surmised. Is
that correct?”
Question answered with a question, Haruyuki exchanged a
look with his Legion master before they both nodded. This was

extremely confidential information, but there was absolutely no
reason to hide it from Aqua Current, a former Element.
“Y-yes…I only have the super-vague proof of a dream I had
while I was parasitized by the Armor, but I believe it. The ones
who set a trap for Chrome Falcon and Saffron Blossom seven
years ago and forced Fron into total point loss with an Unlimited
EK were the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society,
Black Vise…and senior member Argon Array.”
He felt like Akira’s eyes were shaken for the merest instant
when she heard the names of Falcon and Saffron, but the orange
light coming in through the windows reflected off the lenses of
her glasses and hid her expression.
“They did…” Her voice was quiet, her head hanging slightly.
“Then we must assume that it was also the Society’s intent to
have the armor handed down over successive generations and so
much blood spilled in the Accelerated World.”
“But I’m sure the one who gave the armor to the Fifth Disaster,
Cherry Rook, was the Yellow King, Yellow Radio.” Kuroyukihime
furrowed her brow. “That banana-head can’t possibility be an ally
of the society?”
“I don’t think that’s it.” Akira lifted her face with a wry smile.
“Radio loves traps and schemes, but he’s basically a ham who
wants to be noticed.”
“A-a ham…” Haruyuki was stunned by this vicious cut of a single stroke, but Kuroyukihime only giggled.
“That’s definitely true. Radio’s not satisfied unless he climbs
up onto his own stage. His color’s simply too different from the
secret maneuverings of the society. But then, was it Radio’s own
intent to obtain the Armor during the subjugation of the Fourth
Disaster and use it as a key to entrap Scarlet Rain?”

Haruyuki nodded, pulled in. “And the fact that the armor was
transferred from the Fifth, Cherry Rook, to me, the Sixth, was a
completely coincidental series of events. No one could have predicted that Niko would come to us in Nega Nebulus for help, or
that I would be the one to strike the final blow on the Fifth Disaster. Even the guys in the Society.”
Akira accepted these remarks with neither agreement nor denial and then dropped her voice. “…In other words, I think it’s
like this: It doesn’t matter to the Society who transfers the Armor
to whom or what kind of tragedy is brought about. What they’re
after is the continuation of the cycle of calamity for as long as
necessary—the Armor being inherited and strengthened. And
then they recover it once it’s sufficiently strong and use it for their
final objective…”
“Oh…!” The instant he heard this, Haruyuki had a memory
flash to life in the back of his mind. He screwed up his face and
tried to replay the scene. “Um…Nearly a week ago in the Unlimited Neutral Field, we split the armor into the two Enhanced Armaments it was made of, but right before that, the society’s vice
president, Black Vise, appeared and said something to me. I’m
pretty sure it was something about how it was earlier than scheduled, but they were going to have to recover and analyze the
Armor. And that, unfortunately, I would have to leave the Accelerated World.” The memory was hazy because he had been very
much on the edge in terms of his mental state at the time, but he
was sure of the overall idea of it.
Hearing Haruyuki’s—well, Black Vise’s—words, the two girls
looked at each other and then nodded, their looks turning serious.
“I knew it.” Akira opened her mouth first. “They have a longterm plan. I think they have some final target for use of the
Armor. This is just my supposition, but they were going to take
the Armor recovered from Haru, equip it on someone who would
be the Seventh, and then complete Chrome Disaster. Or perhaps

this is even just one part of a larger plan…”
“The Seventh? That’s quite the number, hmm?” Kuroyukihime
said, annoyed, and looked at Haruyuki before softening her
mouth and continuing. “So then by purifying and sealing the
Armor, the Sixth, Haruyuki, ruined the grand plan the Acceleration Research Society had been working on for seven years—
though, when you think about acceleration in the Unlimited Neutral Field, ten times, a hundred times that long. Once again, giga
GJ.”
“Are you speaking Ash or Pard now?” Haruyuki replied with a
grin, and Kuroyukihime laughed, too, but Akira for some reason
stopped moving entirely for a moment. A little later, a faint smile
rose up across her lips. Haruyuki was about to ask her if something was the matter, but before he could, she said:
“…The Armor of Catastrophe is gone, thanks to your hard
work, Haru. I said this before, too, but the Society doesn’t have
the option of bringing the Armor back. But that doesn’t mean
they’re the type to quietly give up.”
“Right,” Kuroyukihime murmured. “So then that’s where the
‘rebirth’ you mentioned comes in.”
“Yes.” Akira slowly nodded. “The Acceleration Research Society is trying to repeat now what they did seven years ago…is what
I think. They’ll call up an explosive hatred and sadness, pour this
negative energy into the Enhanced Armament that will be the
vessel, and give it a cursed power. I feel that several of the incidents taking place in the Accelerated World right now strongly
hint at this possibility.”
“Hmm…I don’t doubt your analytical abilities, Akira, but it’s
not a phenomenon that can be reproduced as simply as that, is it?
As I remember it, Chrome Disaster was born from a fusion of several different elements…Isn’t that so, Haruyuki?”

She turned her eyes on Haruyuki, who nodded deeply. “Yes.”
Counting off on the fingers of his right hand, he listed the factors
that made up the Armor of Catastrophe. “Um…First, the initial
Disaster, Chrome Falcon. And his partner, Saffron Blossom. The
Legend-class Enemy that brought Saffron to total point loss. The
Enhanced Armament, ‘the Destiny,’ which took in Falcon’s sadness and hatred and transformed into the Armor. And I don’t
know if this was a requirement or not, but the greatsword Star
Caster with Saffron’s heart in it…At the very least, these elements
were required to produce the Armor of Catastrophe…”
“And of course, they’re all relatively rare,” Kuroyukihime murmured. “It goes without saying that there are few metal-color
avatars, and fewer still if you’re looking for one with a fixed partner. And rarest of all is the Destiny as the vessel…It is, after all,
one of the Seven Arcs.”
Haruyuki and Akira were silent for a moment, and then
Haruyuki reached out for a rice cake, the mountain of which had
dropped by half at some point, and grabbed one before setting it
on the edge of the wooden plate. “The Arcs confirmed to exist in
the Accelerated World right now are…the alpha, which is the Blue
King’s greatsword, ‘The Impulse.’” He put a new rice cake to the
side. “And the beta, the staff of the Purple King, ‘The Tempest.’
The Green King’s large shield, ‘The Strife,’ the gamma. And…the
epsilon, ‘The Infinity,’ the longsword of Trilead, who we met in
the Castle.”
He had lined up four rice cakes by this point. Lifting his head,
he looked at each girl in turn. “It’s just these four, isn’t it? The
whereabouts of the delta, ‘The Luminary,’ are unknown. And the
theta, ‘The Destiny,’ is of course sealed away, while the eta, ‘The
Fluctuating Light,’ is in the deepest part of the Castle, where no
one can touch it.”
When Haruyuki closed his mouth, Kuroyukihime offered a
slight, wry smile and shrugged. “When you list them all like that,
it does seem like there are a lot. But it’s true that there are cur-

rently four—no, perhaps three—the society might be able to move
on. No matter how powerful they might be, they can’t touch
Trilead, who lives in the Castle with the epsilon.” She reached out
her right hand, picked up one of the rice cakes sitting on the side
of the plate, and bit into it with a crunch.
Akira stared for a while at the remaining three, until she finally shrugged, too. “I think the remaining three are equally difficult to interfere with. None of the kings would ever part with their
Arc, and the only way to take their Enhanced Armament would be
to make the king lose all their points. And even the Acceleration
Research Society shouldn’t have that kind of battle power,” Akira
said, taking another rice cake.
Haruyuki recovered the remaining two cakes and tossed them
into his mouth together, munching on them for a while before
speaking. “Um…So just to cover all the bases, there’s no Enhanced Armament in the Accelerated World as powerful as the
Seven Arcs, right?”
Akira and Kuroyukihime blinked twice, quickly, and then
shook their heads simultaneously.
“I don’t think there are.”
“There shouldn’t be. I mean, to begin with, the Seven Arcs are
called that because they have exceptional capacities. You only
came up against Grandé’s shield the one time, but you felt the
ridiculous defensive power it holds, yes?”
“Y-yeah, that was…”
“Although in his case, well, his body is so hard it almost breaks
the rules, too. Mmm, so then that means, conversely, if a Burst
Linker born with the majority of their potential given over to an
Enhanced Armament were to pour all of their level-up bonuses
into increasing the performance of that armament…Hmm,
hmm…I wonder how that would go.” Kuroyukihime cocked her

head to one side as she pulled on this thread of reason, and one
Burst Linker popped into Haruyuki’s mind, whether he liked it or
not.
“So, like, if Ash just kept focusing on bringing up his bike, that
machine would become an Arc-level Enhanced Armament. Is that
it?”
They looked at each other for a moment or two and then
erupted in laughter at the same time. Apologies, Ash, but no matter how many missiles and machine guns and rocket launchers
are added on as equipment, it’s a little beyond belief that your
beloved machine would ever join the ranks of the Seven Arcs.
Thinking about this led his brain to another thought, though,
and Haruyuki furrowed his brow. But before his thinking could
get anywhere, Kuroyukihime cleared her throat and turned to
Akira.
“Mmm…Sorry for the digression. In short, even if the Acceleration Research Society is planning the birth of a second Armor,
there isn’t an Arc they could use as a vessel…”
“Yes. I’m in agreement on that.”
“And there are other elements missing. The true nature of the
Armor’s strength was built up and cultivated through the long
years of generations of wearers until it built up an aggregate of
negative Incarnate to the point where it had a pseudospirit. That
was the strength of ‘the Beast,’ as Haruyuki put it.”
At this remark from Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki set aside what
he was trying to remember and nodded deeply. “Yeah. He was really amazing. He could predict the enemy’s attack from start to
finish, even Incarnate techniques, and then he’d display the attack trajectory and type of technique even in my field of view. On
top of that, he learned all of the special techniques of the previous
Disasters, so I could just use them as much as I wanted. Like the

combo of Laser Sword after Flash Blink, seriously the
strongest…” Haruyuki rattled on and on, both hands clenched
tightly.
For a while, Kuroyukihime simply stared with wide eyes before
finally chuckling dryly, as though fondly exasperated. “The way
you talk sounds like you are quite firmly in support of the Beast.”
“Oh! N-no, that’s not it…”
“But, well, I understand what you’re trying to say. It was precisely because the Beast was so strong that Chrome Disaster was
strong. That’s it, hmm? In other words, even if those kids in the
Society succeed in producing an Armor of Catastrophe Mark Two,
with parasitic abilities and the power to control the mind, to build
up the negative incarnate to that extent and raise it up until it exhibits the same level of performance as the Mark One, it will be
years—and actually, we can probably assume it will take even
longer when we consider that they can’t use an Arc as a vessel.
Are they planning something so long-term at this late stage?”
This final question was directed at Akira.
The executive in charge of intelligence in the first Nega Nebulus didn’t answer right away, but rather turned her sepia-brown
eyes toward the evening sky beyond the windows. She narrowed
her eyes almost as if she could see something there, and after a
few seconds, began to speak in a hushed tone. “…The aggregate of
negative Incarnate. There is one other thing in the Accelerated
World that description applies to. And it continues to grow even
now, with every passing second…”
“…!!”
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime both inhaled sharply, having finally realized what Akira meant. The negative will of hostility and
hatred of many Burst Linkers, i.e., something that absorbed and
accumulated negative Incarnate. The same growth logic as the
Beast that lived in the Armor of Catastrophe, but much more

blackly sinister.
“…The ISS kit main body…,” Haruyuki murmured hoarsely.
“Curren, have you…seen it?” Kuroyukihime asked. “The ISS kit
main body in the Tokyo Midtown Tower?” But here she pinched
her lips closed and then quickly bowed her head. “Sorry. There’s
no way you could have seen it. You’re still sealed at the east gate
of the Castle in the Unlimited Neutral Field…”
“No need to apologize, Lotus. The attack on the Castle was the
will of all members, including the Four Elements. And whatever
the result, that night when all of us in the Legion marched toward
the Castle together is a precious memory to me, even now,” Akira
replied gently. Then her tone returned to normal as she continued, “…I haven’t seen the ISS kit main body myself. A Burst
Linker I was guarding a little earlier equipped the kit. That kid
sent me information on the kit performance and the structure of
the enhancement and amplification. From that, I inferred the fact
that the kits have a centralized power structure.”
“…Um, is that person…?” Are they okay? Haruyuki’s eyes
asked.
“Not a word in three days.” Akira shook her head slightly. “The
mental control of the ISS kit has probably increased beyond the
relationship with me.” Her tone and expression were as controlled as ever, but even still, Haruyuki caught a flicker of sadness
in the eyes behind the glasses.
It was only natural. For Aqua Current, The One, the sole bodyguard in the Accelerated World, all of the newbies she accepted
work from, tag-teamed with, and saved from the danger of total
point loss were, in a certain sense, something like her children.
“Three days…If it’s only been three days, then maybe if we use
Lime Bell’s special attack…,” Haruyuki said unconsciously. What
came to mind, of course, was the Legion Petit Paquet in the Seta-

gaya area. This Legion was made up of Chocolat Puppeteer with
her unique chocolate armor, together with her parent and her
child, but the latter had been contaminated with the ISS kit.
However, through Chocolat’s desperate cries and Lime Bell’s
Citron Call Mode II—an ability to reverse time—they had been
able to remove their kits and return them all the way back to the
sealed-card form. In principle, it should have been possible to do
the same thing for Aqua Current’s client.
Akira stared at Haruyuki for a moment, and then quickly
shook her head once more. “Thanks. But the situation can no
longer be resolved by dealing with each individual terminal.
Putting together all the witness information, the number of kit
users is increasing by more than ten people every day. Most
likely, once it surpasses a certain number, I think this will become something like a pandemic.”
“…Then the objective of the ISS kit multiplication is to collect
massive amounts of negative Incarnate and pour that into the
Armor of Catastrophe Mark Two. Is that what you think,
Akira…?”
Akira pulled her jaw back slightly at the serious look on
Kuroyukihime’s face. “I don’t know if that’s the entire objective.
But I do think there’s no doubt this is one way of using it.”
“Mmm. And the reason?”
“The reason is why I appeared today in Suginami…before you
and Haru, Sach.”
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime gasped slightly in tandem at
these unexpected words and waited for the rest of the explanation.
“‘A new metal color has appeared in the Accelerated World,
unexpectedly strong, despite his parent being unknown and him

not belonging to a Legion.’ Ever since I heard that rumor a week
or so ago, I’ve been gathering information. I’ve sat in the Gallery
myself any number of times, although I’ve been using a dummy
avatar for viewing.”
“…Wolfram Cerberus…?”
“Yes.” Akira nodded lightly at Haruyuki’s hoarse question.
“He…Everything about him, from the way he appeared, to the extraordinary strength, the fact that he’s a metal color, and even the
overall air he has about him…called to mind a Burst Linker who
disappeared a very, very long time ago. The Second Chrome Disaster, Magnesium Drake.”
“…!!”
Haruyuki gasped. He had only just heard that name the day
before from Kuroyukihime over lunch break. This Burst Linker
had appeared at the dawn of the Accelerated World and had become exceedingly popular, but then was suddenly swallowed up
by the Armor, became the Second Disaster, and was subjugated
after a great deal of blood was spilled.
“…Did you know Drake personally, Curren?” Kuroyukihime
asked.
Akira nodded neatly. “We dueled and spoke any number of
times. And because my power was water and his fire, we saw each
other as rivals. This was before I joined Nega Nebulus, though.”
She lifted her head and looked outside once more before continuing with eyes that seemed to peer into the distant past.
“…I didn’t get to spend very much time with my parent, so
there are more than a few things Drake taught me. How to use my
own power; duel techniques; mental preparation as a Burst
Linker…So I saw us as rivals, but also friends. However, Drake
suddenly disappeared one day, and when he came back, he had

already become a different person. Wrapped in the Armor of Catastrophe, he took out a lot of Burst Linkers in normal duels, and
in the Unlimited Neutral Field, too. He didn’t so much as hesitate
when he burned me up with his flames, too, several times more
powerful than they had been before.”
“…Curren…” Haruyuki unconsciously called her name.
Akira smiled at him as if to say she was okay. “This was already a long, long time ago. But this past Sunday, when I saw
Wolfram Cerberus for the first time, for a moment, I thought he
was Drake, although Drake was much bigger and his coloring’s
different. But overall, he’s very similar. Not just his appearance,
but the air about him, too. His strength: the fact that his origins
are unknown. So my conjecture—no, I had a hunch. That the
same thing might happen again.”
“The same thing…You mean the appearance of Chrome Disaster?”
“Yes. Of course, I knew that Haru had sealed the Armor away.
But…it was like that back then, when Drake became the Disaster.
The First had been subjugated, and everyone living in the Accelerated World believed without doubt that the terrifying berserker
would never again appear there. And yet…”
“…The Armor appeared, and massive amounts of blood flowed
once more…”
Akira nodded deeply at Kuroyukihime’s hushed voice. “This is
just a hypothesis, but if Wolfram Cerberus is playing the role of
the one to equip the Armor like Drake did, then somewhere in the
Accelerated World, there has to be the one trying to produce the
armor. With that in mind, I’ve been in the Gallery as much as
possible for Cerberus’s duels this week. Unfortunately, however,
the timing was bad, and I didn’t get to see his duels yesterday and
the day before with you, Haru.”

“Y-you didn’t?” Haruyuki pulled his head back into himself.
His former tag-team partner smiled faintly. “I was set on finally seeing it today, but you didn’t show up. But it seems Cerberus was also waiting for you, and today he didn’t start a single
duel himself, and then after a while, he disappeared from the
matching list. So I thought maybe he was going to head toward
Nega Nebulus territory himself. I couldn’t decide at first, but
eventually, I took a train from Nakano to Suginami. I got off at
Koenji, connected globally on a bench at the station, and just in
case, I turned Battle Royale standby mode on…”
“So then you were pulled into the BR stage Cerberus initiated.”
“Yes. But naturally, I wasn’t going to participate in the duel. I
was planning to just watch Cerberus and Haru duel and then go
home, as long as nothing happened. But I never dreamed she’d
jump into the stage, and then interfere with the duel on top of
that…”
“…Quad Eyes Analyst…Argon Array, right?” Haruyuki asked.
Akira assented with an unusually strong nod. “For the sake of
my original objective of gathering information, I should have
stayed hidden and observed her, but…When I saw her attacking
you and Ash Roller with total disregard, I got so angry I could
hardly stand it, and I just butted in. I couldn’t even be much help
to you for all that.”
“N-no, that’s not true at all!!” Haruyuki shouted forcefully,
and he leaned forward toward the girl. “Argon Array’s laser attack
had me totally pinned down. I was so frustrated I wanted to cry. I
couldn’t even stand up. And then I saw you on the building, and I
was so moved. My memory couldn’t have returned yet, but I just
felt this strength surge up in me…It’s because you were there,
Curren, that I was able to get up and fight again.” The words
spilled out of Haruyuki as though from a dream, and a smile gentler than anything he’d seen on her face so far came across Akira’s

lips.
“…Silver Crow, you’ve become much, much stronger than I
imagined. Seeing the player I guarded grown up into such a fine
Burst Linker makes me happier than anything else. The flow of
events is unexpected…but I really am glad that I could meet you
again like this today…”
The two stared at each other quietly, and Kuroyukihime’s
three-point throat clearing passed between them.
“Oh, Haruyuki, I’m really sorry I couldn’t help you when you
were in that bind. At any rate, I was in the Gallery! And Akira, it
sounds as though your reunion with me was an afterthought?”
Haruyuki naturally flinched and pulled back, but Akira shifted
her gaze to Kuroyukihime and giggled, with a look on her face like
that of an older sister looking at her spoiled baby sister. “Sach,
you haven’t changed a bit from the old days.”
“A-are you saying that I haven’t grown?!”
“I meant it as a compliment, of course. The Legion Master I
dedicated my sword to waited for me, without anything changing.
There’s no way I wouldn’t be happy about that.” She closed her
mouth for a second and recomposed her face, posture, and tone
into something crisp and correct. “This is surely also the guidance
of the endlessly circulating water. Sach—no, Black King, Black
Lotus—I, Aqua Current, from this second on this day, would like
to return to Nega Nebulus. Will you allow me to?”
Kuroyukihime blinked several times, clearly caught off guard
by the sudden declaration. But soon enough, her jet-black eyes
sparkled, and she stood up forcefully from the sofa. She walked
around the glass table to stand before Akira and extended her
right hand. When Akira took it and stood up, Kuroyukihime
stared into the sepia-brown eyes at the same height as her own
and murmured, “Of course. Of course I will…Welcome home,

Curren.”
“…Glad to be back, Lotus.”
And then the two of them simultaneously took another step
forward and wrapped their arms tightly around each other.
Haruyuki didn’t weep and sob like he had two months earlier
when Kuroyukihime had embraced Fuko Kurasaki at the Shinjuku Southern Terrace, but he did indeed clearly feel their hearts
touching, resonating, and spreading out to fill the room with
waves of warm light.
June 27, 2047. Two years and ten months since the destruction of the former Legion. Following in the steps of the wind, Sky
Raker, and fire, Ardor Maiden, another of the Four Elements,
water, Aqua Current, had made it home to Nega Nebulus.

4
Two days later—Saturday, June 29, three PM.
Haruyuki was inside the animal hutch standing behind the
second school building at Umesato Junior High, neatly scrubbing
the water-covered floor with a deck brush. Normally, the floor
was covered in sheets with a water-resistant coating, so at a
glance, it wasn’t dirty, but to maintain the health of the master of
the hutch, he had decided to clean the floor once a week.
That master, aka the northern white-faced owl Hoo, was on
the left perch tree in his usual position, turning his head around
from time to time. It wasn’t as though he was particularly monitoring Haruyuki’s work; he was probably sensing the atmosphere
filling up and rising from the entire school. Because the following
day, Sunday, was finally the day of the Umesato school festival.
The brass band was in the middle of its final dress rehearsal
onstage in the gym, and frenzied voices echoed from the team
building the school festival gate in the front yard. Meanwhile, the
calls of people practicing an original dance on the grounds on the
other side of the second school building reached out to him
faintly from the distance.
This was Haruyuki’s second school festival, and he didn’t hate
the idea of it, as something he didn’t get to have in elementary
school. But for all that, he was taking part in a rather subdued
group again this year—the class in charge of the exhibit with the
stiff-ish theme of “Koenji Thirty Years Ago.” His class had finished its preparations early, about an hour earlier. All that was
left was to simply upload the AR display files Haruyuki was in
charge of to the local net the following morning and activate

them.
Chiyuri’s track-and-field team was doing a crepe booth, and
Takumu’s kendo team was presenting a costumed dance, so they
were both still getting ready. They were supposed to be finished
after four to make it in time for the Territories in the evening
(naturally, not part of the school festival, but in the Accelerated
World), but in the worst case, the Legion might have to defend
Suginami without the two of them, so it could be down to only the
remaining four members.
…No, not four. Five.
Two days before, on Thursday, they had welcomed a longawaited new Legion member to Nega Nebulus, bringing their
total membership up to seven.
Alongside this thought, something warm started to well up in
Haruyuki’s heart, but that quickly sank back down somewhere
deep inside, because he remembered the duel after school the day
before. Or rather, the duel that hadn’t happened after school that
day.
Haruyuki had no sooner finished feeding Hoo the previous day
than he was flying out of school and heading for Nakano Area No.
2 by himself to duel Wolfram Cerberus. He was going to exchange
blows to his heart’s content with Cerberus this time for sure, in a
normal duel with no interruptions, and call him out one more
time. To say, Come with me. To say, Be my comrade—my friend.
But despite the fact that Cerberus had been dueling in Naka-2
every day, for some reason he had never shown up the day before,
no matter how many hours Haruyuki waited. Instead, Haruyuki
was caught by Kuroyukihime and Fuko, who’d come to check on
him, and the two of them ended up staying over at the Arita
house, which was, of course, fun, but when dawn came, this feeling of regret he could do nothing about came back to life. Or
rather, it was more than regret—closer to unease. What if Cer-

berus never appeared again? Or what if, when he did show up,
some kind of decisive change had visited him?
With these complicated thoughts in mind, he moved the deck
brush diligently. Sksh, sksh, sksh.
UI> WHICH IS IT?
Cherry-pink text flowed across the ad hoc chat window open
in his field of view.
When he lifted his head, a younger girl was leaning lightly
against the door of the hutch, holding a deck brush in her right
hand and smiling. On the chest of her white gym uniform, which
she was wearing since it didn’t matter if it got wet, was a school
crest that was not Umesato’s.
“Wh-which what?” Haruyuki stopped moving his hands and
asked in reply, and Shinomiya Utai, at once a fourth grader at the
affiliated Matsunogi Academy and the “super president” of the
Umesato Animal Care Club, looked up at him as she sent the fingers of her left hand racing through space.
UI> ARITA, THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE IS CURRENTLY SOMEHOW HALFHAPPY AND HALF-SAD…
The lines of text were displayed in the chat window at a speed
faster than they could be said aloud.
Haruyuki thought about it for a second and then bobbed his
head. “Yeah, maybe…I went to Nakano after we were done taking
care of Hoo yesterday, but I didn’t get to duel Cerberus. That’s the
reason for the sad—well, regretful face, I guess.”
UI> IS THAT WHAT HAPPENED…?
The smile vanished from her face, so Haruyuki hurried to add,
“But I mean, if he’s in junior high, then he has to have a bunch of
stuff happening in the real. Once it’s July, semester finals start

and all…” He paused, damage inflicted on himself with those
words.
Utai smiled broadly once again. UI> I’M SURE YOU’LL GET TO SEE
HIM SOON. SO THEN WHAT’S THE REASON FOR THE HAPPY FACE?
“That…,” he started to say, and then he clamped his mouth
shut.
They were going to report the series of events that happened
after school two days earlier—Cerberus and the sudden Battle
Royale, the intrusion of Argon Array, and the reason for the
happy face: the appearance and return to the Legion of Aqua Current—to all the members before the Territories that day. Even
Fuko, who’d stayed at the Aritas’ the previous night, still didn’t
know.
“…Um, that’s a secret for a little longer.”
Utai opened her eyes wide and then puffed out her cheeks defiantly. UI> EVEN FOR ME, THE SUPER PRESIDENT OF THE ANIMAL CARE
CLUB?
“Th-that’s just a title I-Izeki went and gave you.” The instant
he said this, a buzzer sounding in his brain notified him of his incorrect response.
UI> SACCHI REVISED—I MEAN, CORRECTED—THE CLUB REGISTER AND
CHANGED MY ROLE TO “SCHOOL CULTURAL EXCHANGE STUDENT” AND
“SUPER PRESIDENT.” SO IT’S AN OFFICIAL JOB NOW!
“Wh-what?!” She’s gone and done something serious for fun
again.
With this thought, he opened the Animal Care Club page on
the local net, and indeed, above President Haruyuki, the name of
Super President Utai Shinomiya shone brilliantly. Glancing at
Utai out of the corner of his eye as she thrust out the chest of her
gym uniform proudly, he thought about it for a while before call-

ing out to the snow-faced owl on the perch, “Hey, Hoo! You have
something you can’t even say to your boss, right?”
The bird of prey that reigned from the pinnacle of the Umesato
Animal Care Club spread his wings in a fairly indifferent manner
and flapped them two or three times. Interpreting that as an assent, Haruyuki turned back to Utai.
“See? Hoo’s saying that, too.”
UI> IT’S NOT FAIR TO USE HOO! After puffing up her cheeks 50
percent more than before, Utai broke into a soundless grin. Brandishing the brush in her right hand, she continued to type deftly
with just her left hand. UI> NOW THEN, I’LL HAVE YOU EXPLAIN AFTER
THE CLEANING IS FINISHED. SO LET’S FINISH THIS!
Once they had brushed and mopped the floor, cleaned the water
bath, and spread out the sheets again, the clock had swung
around to three thirty. Reina Izeki, who had given Utai the title of
Super President, was absent from club work that day, since apparently, the situation was dire for the exhibit of class B. Even
still, he should count himself lucky she came to apologize first;
the other member of the club, a boy from class A called Hamajima, hadn’t shown his face once since the first day.
Thus, it was just the two of them who signed the club activities
log and uploaded the file, completing the work for that day.
UI> I’M GOING TO GO AND CHANGE MY CLOTHES, SO PLEASE WAIT A MOUtai bowed neatly, bag in one hand. He felt bad that she
was always having to use the washrooms on the first floor of the
second school building as a changing room, but the only proper
girls’ locker rooms were in the gym and the first school building,
and both were pretty far from the rear courtyard.
MENT.

“T-take your time.” After seeing Utai off, Haruyuki sat down
on a bench under a tree and let out a sigh.

As of that day, it’d already been twenty days since he’d been
appointed to the Animal Care Club. He had gotten used to cleaning the hutch and weighing the bird, and although he still
couldn’t feed Hoo himself yet, the club work had very much become part of his daily routine.
When he’d first seen the hutch, piled high with who knew how
many years of rotten leaves, he was convinced there was no way
to clean it up, and when he’d seen Hoo, he thought it a complete
impossibility to take care of a large bird like that. And to begin
with, Haruyuki had never harbored any intention of doing any
kind of extracurricular activity; the sequence of events that led to
him being selected as a club member had started with him unintentionally standing as a candidate through his own carelessness.
At school, he desperately held his breath, pulled into himself,
and tried not to stand out, not to be noticed. That was supposedly
his lone, absolute rule. Even after he met Kuroyukihime and she
gave him the miraculous thought-acceleration program Brain
Burst, he had assumed his self in the real world wouldn’t change
a bit—that it couldn’t.
But in truth, it wasn’t as though something had changed. He
was still as afraid as ever of the eyes of students he didn’t know
very well, and just being called on in class was enough to make
sweat pop up on his forehead. Even with the Animal Care Club,
he couldn’t deny that he was able to continue with it solely because the only other active member was another Burst Linker and
fellow Legion member, Utai.
Yet, a few days earlier…when he had overexerted himself in
the mock basketball tournament and collapsed, he’d been taken
to the nurses’ office. There, Kuroyukihime had stayed with him,
going so far as to ditch her own class, and had said that in both
the real world and in the Accelerated World, it was possible to
overwrite a wall that appeared to be an absolute limit by drawing
on the power of the image.

For Haruyuki, if he really dived deep, the “absolute limit” was
his own self: small, fat, not good at sports or school, without the
courage to fight back against the delinquents who bullied him.
That negative self-image had locked him up in a small cage. Or
that’s what Kuroyukihime would probably say.
But even if he had wanted to have a positive image of his real
self, he couldn’t find any basis for it. So he had worked a little at
cleaning the hutch or in a basketball game—that was something
any other student could have done. That was nothing more than
negative 100 becoming negative 95.
Ever since he had become a Burst Linker last fall, Haruyuki
had had many encounters not only in the Accelerated World but
in the real world as well. Super President Utai Shinomiya/Ardor
Maiden was one of them, and then there were Fuko Kurasaki/Sky
Raker, Rin Kusakabe/Ash Roller, Akira Himi/Aqua Current, and
of course, Kuroyukihime/Black Lotus. They had held his hand,
cheered him on, given him the push he needed not just for his
duel avatar, but for the real-life Haruyuki, too. They had told him
over and over and over that his existence had a unique value all
on its own.
He hadn’t the slightest intention of doubting those words. He
was going to fight with everything he had from now on, too, in
order to live up to everyone’s expectations.
—But.
What if I stop being the Burst Linker Silver Crow? What if I
lost all my memories of the Accelerated World, and I went back
to being the original Haruyuki Arita with nothing?
If that happened, it’d be like them that time. Like them arguing in hushed, sharp voices, not knowing I was listening in the
living room in the middle of the night with the lights turned off.
Like Mom and Dad saying they don’t want me…

Abruptly, he heard the flapping of wings, and Haruyuki lifted
his face. On the other side of the chicken wire, Hoo had spread
his grayish-white wings all the way out and was staring at
Haruyuki with round, copper-colored eyes.
With a body length of twenty centimeters, he was one of the
smaller owl species, but when he spread his wings, he created
quite the impressive silhouette. The shape of his wings was utterly unlike that of the crows and starlings often seen around
town. His legs, built for capturing prey, were also solid. Haruyuki
was once again reminded that this was a bird of prey, regardless
of his small stature.
But on one of those legs was a horrible scar in the shape of a
lightning bolt. It was the mark left from when his previous owner
had abandoned Hoo, digging out the individual identification microchip there in order to escape punishment under the Reformed
Animal Welfare Act. For whatever reason, the owner had thought
Hoo had become a nuisance.
“…You were told you weren’t wanted, too, huh…?” Haruyuki
murmured, and the white-faced owl slowly folded his wings and
whirled his head around, almost as if to say, So what?
The abandoned Hoo had been cared for on the grounds of
Matsunogi Academy by Utai, but with the blood loss from his
wound, he had apparently been near death. Even after they saved
his life, he lost his home with the elimination of the Animal Care
Club, and if they hadn’t found him a place that would take him,
he wouldn’t have been able to avoid being put down in the end.
So the fact that Hoo was alive like this now was precisely because
of that girl’s earnest efforts.
But there was nothing pitiable or miserable about the Hoo inside the hutch now. His form was, to the last feather, noble and
beautiful. Of course, this was nothing more than Haruyuki’s feelings, but at the very least, Hoo didn’t care whether anyone
needed him or not. He simply lived his own life in his own world.

“…You’re pretty cool, huh?” Haruyuki murmured and stood up
from the bench before thrusting his own arms straight up and
straightening his back.
The idea of seeking out the eyes or words of others as the basis
for a positive image of yourself was in and of itself a mistake.
Your only choice was to find that image inside yourself—even if it
was small like a grain of sand—and build it up bit by bit. Fortunately, he had a pile of difficult challenges to tackle every day. He
had to make sure that the class exhibit for the school festival the
next day actually worked properly, and he had to make it through
the exams that would attack him after that. And then there were
that week’s Territories in another fifteen minutes. As he cleared
these hurdles one after another, he should definitely find something on the other side.
Right, I mean, that’s what I’ve been doing so far.
He heard the sound of light feet behind him and turned
around to meet the eyes of Utai, who had changed into her white
dress-style uniform. The girl, four years younger than he was,
looked directly at his face with eyes filled with a deep wisdom and
then grinned as if she’d found something there.
UI> THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP CLEANING. LET’S FIGHT HARD IN THE
TERRITORIES, TOO!
The characters spelled out were simple, but he felt sure she’d
said it because she sensed his unending doubt and fear.
Nodding, Haruyuki also put some strength into his reply.
“Yeah! Let’s do this!”
The Territories—team battles where Legion fought Legion for the
right to control an area—were held every Saturday at four PM.
The attacking side formed and registered an attack team in advance through the BB console and then moved to the target area

—in the real world—and went on standby. Once four o’clock
rolled around, the leader would accelerate and open the normal
duel matching list, where the name of the ruling Legion would
appear at the top. They would then select that name and challenge them to a duel.
The defending side also registered the defense team in advance and went on standby within the territory area. But the advantage for the ruling Legion was that they could come out in defense even if their real self was in a different territory, as long as
it was an adjacent territory. In other words, if they were on
standby at Umesato Junior High in Suginami Area No. 2, it was
possible to defend No. 1 to the north and No. 3 to the west.
Therefore, a connection to the global net was a must. In
school, only the machines that lived in the student council office
were allowed to connect globally, and then just after school, but
Kuroyukihime had secretly gone around the former restriction.
She had given Haruyuki and the other members of Nega Nebulus
access privileges for the student council machines and enabled a
global connection by using a special device as a stepping-stone in
the in-school local net.
Thus, Haruyuki and Utai sat down next to each other on the
bench by the animal hutch to take part in the Territories from
there. One battle took the same thirty-minute maximum as a normal duel—1.8 seconds in real time—but their standby time got
longer when there were many teams attacking. Haruyuki handed
Utai a juice box he’d brought, and she pulled a small paper bag of
fried karinto cookies out of her shoulder bag and offered them to
him.
“Th-thanks.” Haruyuki accepted the small bag with gratitude,
and the instant he saw the words Goshiki Karinto printed on it, a
feeling of joy welled up in his heart again, and he naturally
screwed his face up.
UI> DO YOU LIKE KARINTO THAT MUCH? Utai typed with a curious

look on her face.
“Y-yeah.” He hurriedly bobbed his head up and down.
“They’re my favorite. Thanks, Shinomiya.”
It was true that he loved them, but the reason for his smile was
because he was reminded of a Burst Linker whose name sounded
just a bit like the word karinto. But he had gone to the trouble of
keeping it secret up to now, so he couldn’t exactly start blabbing
at this point. He recomposed himself and checked the clock on
his virtual desktop—3:55 PM.
“Okay, the meeting’s gonna start soon, so let’s connect to the
student council server,” Haruyuki said, moving his finger at the
same time as Utai.
When he tapped an icon that was placed slightly deep within
his 3-D field of view, individual authentication was carried out,
and then an ADD NETWORK dialogue window was displayed.
Hereby, Haruyuki and Utai were connected to the closed net that
Kuroyukihime had built inside the student council machines for
Territory prep, in addition to the Umesato local net.
They waited like this, and when the clock turned to 3:57, the
familiar sound of acceleration filled his ears, while the letters announcing the start of a duel burned brightly in his field of view.
But, of course, this was not the actual Territories. They were
using a normal duel via the Legion Master to have a strategy
meeting prior to battle.
When Haruyuki’s duel avatar Silver Crow stepped down onto
the white earth of the Moonlight stage, a shrine maiden clad in
scarlet and unbleached cloth descended in a place slightly removed. This was Ardor Maiden, controlled by Utai.
Although the two of them were sitting on the same bench in
the real world, Maiden was a spectator, so their initial appearance
locations were automatically separated.

As a general rule, spectators could not come within ten meters
of duelers, but parents and children, or members of the same Legion, could circumvent that rule. While Haruyuki waited for Utai
to walk over to him, he destroyed a couple of the thin conifers
reaching up into the sky like lances and charged his special-attack
gauge a little. The meeting would take place on the grounds, but
walking from the rear courtyard would have been slightly annoying.
The shrine maiden avatar stopped before the extremely small
temple that had been the animal hutch in the real world and
peered inside. “So Hoo isn’t over here, after all,” she said.
“W-well, Brain Burst only recreates terrain, so…,” Haruyuki
replied.
Turning back to him, Maiden’s red eye lenses flashed. “Once,
an elephant at a zoo in the real world turned into this super huge
mammoth in the Primeval Forest stage…I heard a rumor.”
“Whaaaat?! I wanna see that. Okay, how about we test it out at
the Ueno Zoo?”
“Are you asking me on a date?”
“D-da—?! N-no, that’s, I mean, it’s not that—I mean, from a
purely strategic Burst Linker point of view…” Haruyuki grew flustered, and Maiden giggled happily. The real-world Utai was all
silent smiles, so he could only hear her laughing on this side. And
even then, it was fairly rare.
Unconsciously, Haruyuki had started to laugh with her when
they heard the heavy sound of destruction from somewhere off in
the distance. At the same time, Black Lotus’s special-attack
gauge, displayed in the upper right of his field of view, suddenly
increased—Kuroyukihime had destroyed some kind of massive
object. The reason was, of course, that Haruyuki was late to join
them.

He flinched, pulling back into himself, and then hurriedly
spread the wings on his back. “O-okay, I’ll head to the grounds
first!”
It would have been good if he could have carried Utai as he
flew, but unfortunately, he couldn’t move her, since she was a
member of the Gallery. Waving, he left Utai in the rear courtyard
and took off at an acute angle.
In a single breath, he had flown over the second school building, the inner courtyard, and the first school building. A slender
silhouette came into view in the center of the grounds, illuminated by the pale moonlight. One of the two large spotlights that
should have been there had been severed at the base and was
gone. A shiver ran up his spine once more before he landed and
bowed deeply.
“I-I’m very sorry I’m late!”
“No, no need to apologize. I’m happy the members of the Legion get along with one another.” It was clear that the voice of the
jet-black duel avatar responding thusly, the Black King, Black
Lotus, was extremely sour. She couldn’t have heard the conversation about dates and all that, but at times like this, the ESP of
Kuroyukihime did not follow the rules of the Accelerated World.
Fortunately, as he struggled with whether to try out further excuses, he heard the sound of the other avatars appearing around
them. Through the Automatic Follow function, Ardor Maiden,
Cyan Pile, and Lime Bell had been teleported there.
“Hello Sacchi, Chiyuri, Mayuzumi.” Utai bowed her head.
Chiyuri and Takumu also made their greetings before they
clasped their hands together in front of their faces.
“Kuroyuki, Ui—I’m sorry!”

“Please excuse us, Master. Chii and I still aren’t finished with
festival preparations.”
Haruyuki had expected this, but when he heard them, he
abruptly shouted, “Wh-what?! So then, Chiyutaku, you’re not
doing the Territories?!”
“I told you to stop with the combined or whatever name
thing!” Lime Bell said, putting her hands on her hips. “I can’t help
it. Right now, I’m testing out crepes in the booth. The time for
this meeting’s set, so I could make arrangements to accelerate,
but I don’t know when the Territories will start, so…”
“I’m in the middle of dance practice,” Cyan Pile added,
scratching his head with the pile driver of his right hand. “And it
doesn’t look like I’ll be able to get away for a while. Haru, can you
just try and push through somehow without us today?”
“W-well, of course, I’m going to try…,” he replied, when there
was another vwmm of appearance to his left.
Teleporting in was an F-type avatar in a silver wheelchair. Her
slender body was wrapped in a white dress, and long hair that
shone bluish-silver hung down from beneath her equally white,
wide-brimmed hat. This was their Legion Submaster, Sky Raker—
Fuko Kurasaki.
Now that Raker had gotten back her legs, which she had been
missing for some time, in the Hermes’ Cord race, there was no
longer any need for her to use the wheelchair Enhanced Armament. But in fact, to her, the wheelchair was not a handicap, but a
powerful weapon that increased her mobility several times over.
She couldn’t show off its true power unless the earth of the stage
was flat and hard, but of course, she could just stand up when it
wasn’t.
Thus, Fuko normally showed up for the Territories in her
wheelchair, and now, she approached as if gliding across the

smooth tiles laid out on the earth of the Moonlight stage. She
bowed lightly before saying with a smile, “It’s all right. If Chi-ko
and Mayuzumi are out today, that does mean we’ll be defending
with two teams of two this week, but I’ll allow you to freely
choose your partner, Corvus.”
“Oh, th-thank— Wait, whaaaaat?!” After unthinkingly bringing
a hand to the back of his head and starting to thank her, he reeled
backward anew. What Fuko was saying, basically, was that he had
to choose her, Utai, or Kuroyukihime to team up with. Of course,
all three of them were certifiably great in battle, but in this situation, it didn’t look like he’d be allowed to reply, “Anyone’s okay.”
Haruyuki looked in turn at the grinning face of Sky Raker, the
somehow serious or rather desperate air of Ardor Maiden (the
reason was likely that she would end up tag-teaming with Fuko
depending on Haruyuki’s choice), and the cold light shining in
the eyes of Black Lotus…and then he finally realized it:
Even without Takumu and Chiyuri, the number of people on
the defense team was not four, but five. Because starting that day,
Nega Nebulus had a new member—or rather, a returning member. And that was precisely the reason for the happiness that
Haruyuki was keeping secret from Ardor Maiden. Exhaling
slowly, Haruyuki turned to Lotus and gave a nod.
Kuroyukihime released her grumpy mood and let the air of a
faint smile bleed out. She loosely raised the sword of her right
arm and, after first indicating the enormous full moon shining in
the middle of the night sky, slowly moved the tip of her sword upward. It pointed toward the first school building, indicating a
point on the roof. In that place where the Legion members now
focused their gazes, at some point, a seventh person had quietly
come to stand. A duel avatar of flowing water that caught the pale
moonlight and shone coolly.
“What…?!” Fuko gasped.

“Ah…ah!” Utai let out a pinched shout. Chiyuri and Takumu
were also frozen in place, looks of surprise on their faces. And
then, under his goggles, a broad smile spread across Haruyuki’s
face.
As the six of them stared wordlessly, the avatar dropped down
to the ground along the wall of the school building, and the babbling of water reached their ears; the fine droplets dancing in the
air reflected the light of the moon and glittered silver. Fuko and
Utai took a few steps forward as if pulled in, and the flowing-water avatar came to a stop before them.
The silence continued for a while before a murmur came riding on the sound of her water.
“…I’m home, Raker, Maiden.”
Even hearing that voice, Fuko and Utai didn’t react right away.
Or rather, they couldn’t. Some seconds passed before they
squeezed out faintly.
“Is that you…Curren…?”
“Ren…is it you?”
The water of the Four Elements, Aqua Current, returned a definite nod to both questions. Then she reached out, and the rings
of water connected to the backs of her hands spread out to both
sides, drawing a large heart in the air. Fuko and Utai leapt forward at the same time and, spreading their arms similarly wide,
wrapped themselves around Current’s—Akira’s—body.
As Haruyuki watched the three hugging each other tightly with
a warm feeling in his heart, Chiyuri asked softly from beside him,
“Hey, Haru…Was this person maybe one of our senior members
way back when…?”
“Yeah. That’s Aqua Current. She’s finally come back to Nega

Nebulus.”
“Wait, Haru, you knew? You knew and you kept it a secret?!”
She shoved him in the side with the edge of her Enhanced Armament Choir Chime, and he hurried to make his excuses:
“E-even if I did know, I only met Curren two days ago! And
making it a surprise was more fun. I mean, we get to watch this
reunion.”
“That’s no reason to keep it from us! Right, Taku—? …Huh?
What’s wrong, Taku?”
Haruyuki looked back together with Chiyuri and saw Cyan Pile
standing there with his arms crossed, twisting his head from side
to side for some reason.
“…Aqua Current…one of the Four Elements…I’m pretty sure
we were told that, but she’s…the bodyguard, the One…Why have I
heard this name before, and that…?”
“Wh-whoa, you okay, Taku? …Oh! R-right. Your memory,
too!” Haruyuki took his eyes off Takumu—who was so deep in
thought that steam practically threatened to come out of the slits
in his face mask—and shouted at Akira, still immersed in her
emotional reunion, “Uh, um! I’m sorry to disturb you in the middle of something, Curren! P-please do that, that Memory Free
thing for Taku, too!!”
On the verge of losing all his points the previous fall, Haruyuki
had fought tag-team matches with Akira in the Jimbocho area
and averted the crisis. But after that, he had been forced to forget
the meeting with Aqua Current through the amazing Incarnate
technique Memory Leak, which sealed away memories, and he
hadn’t been able to remember a thing about it until she’d released
the seal two days before. And apparently, she’d performed the
same technique on Takumu, who had gone with him to Jimbocho.

After they switched the battlefield to Battle Royale mode,
Takumu had his memory returned, as Haruyuki had. He shook
his head back and forth several times before finally nodding as if
satisfied. “I see…I finally understand how you were never cracked
in the real despite the fact that you’ve been in the high-risk job of
the Bodyguard for such a long time.”
Akira shrugged lightly. “As a guarantee of security, just a
photo in the real’s usually enough. The memories I’ve sealed so
far have just been those of a few Burst Linkers who contacted me
with malicious intent right from the start and”—she closed her
mouth again and then added with a smile—“you new Nega Nebulus members.”
“Honestly, leveling up right away when you’ve just reached
three hundred points—that is so like you, Haru,” Chiyuri said,
shaking her pointed hat from side to side, and then turned her
face to Akira and offered a straight question. “But, Curren, I
mean, sealing memories…Even for an Incarnate technique, that is
a super-amazing effect. How on earth did you put it together?”
“From my perspective, Bell, your special attack is way more
amazing. As for the logic of my Incarnate technique, I’ll explain in
detail once the duel’s over, so I’ll just summarize for now. I think
everyone here knows that the Brain Burst program itself has the
power to interfere with Burst Linker memories.”
At this, Haruyuki let slip an unconscious “Oh!” The fact that
he hadn’t connected this until that very moment was pathetic, but
it was true that when Brain Burst forcefully uninstalled itself
from the Neurolinkers of players who had lost all their points, it
also ripped up memories of the Accelerated World, right from the
root. Haruyuki had even seen an actual example of this in April of
that year.
Akira looked around at everyone before continuing. “My Incarnate technique Memory Leak activates that power in a very
limited way and blocks memories related to me. We can talk

about the detailed mechanics of it later, when we have more
time.”
“Honestly, way to throw cold water on the love, Curren. Even
us Elements didn’t know you had a power like that,” Fuko remarked.
“Of course I bring the cold water,” the avatar wrapped entirely
in flowing water replied smoothly.
Everyone laughed at this, and then Kuroyukihime clanked the
long swords of her hands together.
“We have much more to talk about, but at any rate, Nega Nebulus has welcomed a new member. Bell, Pile, Crow, I’m sure
you’ll have many opportunities from now on to fight alongside
Current. Make use of your own particular abilities and come up
with effective combinations. With that said, since Bell and Pile
can’t take part in the Territories today, that leaves five of us to defend. As for the team-ups, sorry, but I’ll be deciding that.”
Haruyuki waited slightly nervously for what she would say
next. In the flowing tones befitting the master, Kuroyukihime
briskly gave instructions for the areas they would all be responsible for.
“The south side, Suginami Areas Two and Three, will be Raker
and myself. And Maiden, Current, and Crow will be placed in
Area One in the north. I’m counting on you all. Getting our territory stolen right before the Tokyo Midtown Tower operation
would be about as exciting as a Sewer stage.”

5
As a general rule, the amount of people taking part in the Territories was set so that the number on the defending team and the
number on the attacking team matched. In other words, if there
were three on the defending side, then even if the attacking side
was a team of five people, two of them would be automatically removed, and only the three with the highest levels would dive into
the battlefield.
The exception to this rule was when there was just one or two
people on the defending side. The minimum for the attacking side
was three, so even if there were two or fewer defenders, they
would have to fight an enemy of three.
So for Territory Battles among the Great Legions with member
Burst Linkers numbering in the dozens or more, the element of
reading the number of people on the opposing team came into
play. If a large team of ten people was intercepted by a team of
three, that would waste the battle potential of seven of the
enemy’s team, and in the event that defending the entire territory
was impossible, there was a chance to take a worthwhile loss by
putting just one person in an area where the greatest number of
the enemy was expected to attack and throwing the fight.
However, with the current state of affairs in Suginami, that
level of strategic operation wasn’t necessary. Since everyone knew
that the second Nega Nebulus was a small Legion with fewer than
ten people, those coming to attack didn’t put together teams of
more than three. About the only element to read in advance was
whether the attacking side would avoid the area where Black
Lotus was. The reason was simple: They couldn’t win against her.

Put another way, in areas without the Black King, the fight
would be good. Sarcastic enemies would even shout out, “All
right! Hit the jackpot!” when they got an area without Lotus but
with Crow, so Haruyuki absolutely couldn’t let his guard down
whether he was on Kuroyukihime’s team or not.
Thus, the instant the first duel of the day started mere seconds
after four o’clock and he descended into the battlefield of Suginami Area No. 1, Haruyuki shouted in high spirits, “All right!
Let’s work hard and defend this place, Mei, Curren!!” But the
next moment, he dropped his shoulders and groaned, “U-ugh…
this stage…”
There was nothing that particularly stood out in the terrain as
he looked around. The roads were covered in a gray asphalt that
strongly resembled that of the real world, and the buildings were
all made of a similarly gray concrete. About the only thing that
stood out were the large manholes dotting the road. But these
were precisely the biggest feature of the Sewer Stage.
“…’Cos Lo went and said that, it actually happened…” Ardor
Maiden’s voice was also lifeless.
Next to her, for Aqua Current, in what was her first Territory
as a member of the new Nega Nebulus and thus something to be
memorialized, the pace of the water flowing around her body
dulled just the slightest bit. It was no wonder their morale plummeted; the Sewer stage was the unshakable unfavorite of all the
water-type stages.
But Aqua Current, the oldest of the three and with the longest
history as a Burst Linker, naturally looked at the situation coolly.
“It’ll be just as hard for the enemy team. If it’s a battle of
willpower, then there’s no way we can lose.”
“Y-you’re right. I mean, a sewer’s just a dark, stinky, wet pipe!”
“…Your wording aside, Crow, that spirit’s good. So then I’ll ask

you to take the lead in this Territory Battle. Thanks.”
“Okay, leave everything to— Wh-what?!” Haruyuki recoiled
belatedly, but even Maiden was bobbing her head up and down.
“Once the battle starts, Ren and I will move on your instructions, C. I’m looking forward to a nice strategy!”
“…Y-yesh…I’ll do my best…” Haruyuki could hardly tell them
no at this stage, so he nodded firmly and then checked the enemy
team formation displayed in the upper right of his field of view.
There were three of them, naturally. From the top, they were
the level-five Blaze Heart, the also-level-five Ochre Prison, and
the level-four Peach Parasol. None of the names were unfamiliar.
In fact, he had even dueled them several times. But the instant
Haruyuki saw those three avatar names together, he let out a
small cry.
“Huh…? Why…?!”
“What’s the matter?” Utai cocked her head curiously, seeing
Haruyuki’s reaction.
“The reason Crow is surprised”—it was Akira who explained
smoothly—“is that all three of them belong to the Red Legion,
Prominence.”
“Th-that’s right. Promi and us, we have an unlimited cease-fire
right now; we promised not to attack one another in the Territories. So then why all of a sudden…Niko—I mean, the Red King—
didn’t say anything to us…” After babbling this far, Haruyuki lit
upon a single possibility and clenched his hands into tight fists.
The cease-fire pact between Prominence and Nega Nebulus,
unlike the eternal mutual nonaggression treaty among the six
Great Legions, prescribed no punishment whatsoever; it was, in
other words, a gentlemen’s agreement. So it was possible for

them to come and attack in the Territories if some “impetus”
caused by something surpassed the “rationality” of keeping the
agreement. And given the current situation, of the handful of reasons he could think of, the most likely was—
“I-impossible…Even members of Promi are infected with the
ISS kits…” The instant Haruyuki groaned, a note of tension raced
across the faces of Akira and Utai. He had said it was impossible,
but ten days earlier, members of another of the six Great Legions,
Great Wall, had been infected. And Nerima area, Prominence’s
territory, was not that far from Adachi area, one of the three
places within the city known to be a source of ISS kit occurrence.
Haruyuki took a deep breath. “So far, there hasn’t been anyone
infected with the ISS kit taking part in the Territories,” he said
quickly. “But it was only a matter of time. If all three of the enemy
are equipped with kits, then they won’t hesitate to randomly
shoot off the two Incarnate attacks—the long-distance Dark Shot
and the close-range Dark Blow. Either of them has enough power
to instantly kill if you’re hit without any guard. And”—he glanced
toward the north of the stage—“if the enemy are kit users, it’s
possible they won’t come through the sewers, but just charge us
in a straight line aboveground.”
Normally, players couldn’t move freely aboveground in a
Sewer stage because there were high, solid concrete walls blocking the way all over. They were movement restrictions to force
players to use the sewers whether they liked it or not, but these
restrictions had no meaning for anyone with an ISS kit. The two
Incarnate techniques could easily gouge a hole in the thickest of
walls.
The three members of the defending team were silent for a
moment as they looked to the north of Suginami Area No. 1. In
the Territories, regardless of the location of your real-world body,
the attacking team and the defending team were always placed
east-west or north-south. Haruyuki and his team had appeared
on the southern edge of Kanpachi Ring Road No. 8 that cut

through the area from north to south, so the enemy team would
be coming at them from the northern end of this road.
In any other stage, they’d have been able to see fairly far down
the street, but the Sewer stage wouldn’t allow that. A concrete
wall, stained black by the rain, cut across the road just a dozen or
so meters ahead of them. To go beyond it, they would have to use
an ability that allowed them to climb vertical walls, go through
the sewers underground, or fly over it.
“…I’m going to go investigate from abo—”
Haruyuki swallowed his words mid-sentence. In order to fly,
he needed to charge his special-attack gauge, but in a very considered design touch, you could barely charge your gauge when you
broke terrain objects aboveground in a Sewer stage. In exchange,
there were plenty of mysterious oil drums in the tunnels underground that would make your gauge leap up if you smashed just
one. It was, after all, a stage designed in every detail to make
players give up and go underground.
Even so, if you tried to forcefully charge your gauge aboveground, the only way was to hit your allies or to be hit by them.
But for victory in the Territories, in the event that the same number of people were still alive, the match would be decided by the
total remaining in their health gauges, so they had to avoid needless damage to whatever extent possible.
Silver Crow’s greatest ability, flight, was suddenly locked away,
and Haruyuki slumped down.
“The intensity of your highs and lows hasn’t changed at all,”
Akira said in a voice that contained the slightest of smiles. “It’s
okay; I’ll investigate.”
“Uh…um, how…?”
Without responding, Aqua Current walked over to the nearest

manhole and kicked at the edge of the rusted cover from directly
above. Kwaaan! A metallic sound rang out, and the round cover
bounced up and rolled onto the street. The hole that appeared
was probably a meter or so in diameter. When Haruyuki listened
closely, he could hear the heavy burbling of water flowing.
Aqua Current held her right hand above the hole and turned
her fingers downward. When she did, two or three liters of the
water racing around her body poured down and disappeared into
the manhole.
“Uh, um, just what…?” Not comprehending, Haruyuki opened
his eyes wide. As a phenomenon, it looked like Current was simply throwing part of her valuable flowing-water armor into the
sewer. The amount was about 10 percent, but the membrane of
water covering her body was obviously thinner.
“Just leave it to Ren,” Utai calmly offered, beside him.
The silent Current lifted her face. “The enemy team is approaching through the sewers,” she announced matter-of-factly.
“All three are moving together in a group. They’ll reach the center
of the stage in a few minutes.”
“What?! H-how do you know that?!”
“The ability Hydro Auditory. Everything in the liquid my water
is mixed in with is in my ears. I’ll tell you the rest as we move,”
Current stated smoothly, and then she threw herself without hesitation into the manhole at her feet. Rather than using the ladder,
she simply slid down the wall inside and disappeared in the blink
of an eye.
“So…w-we really will have to fight down there…”
“But this isn’t a bad development. If they’re moving properly
underground without smashing the walls aboveground with Incarnate techniques, the possibility that they’re parasitized by ISS

kits is lower. And in the middle of a Territories stage…”
At Utai’s words, Haruyuki steeled himself and nodded. “That’s
where the strongest base is. It’ll be annoying if they occupy it
first…Okay, Mei! Let’s get moving, too.” He stretched out his
right arm and lifted up Ardor Maiden’s petite form before taking
a few steps forward and jumping into the manhole.
Although it was the first time he’d had a Territory Battle in
this stage, that didn’t mean he had no experience with the Sewer
stage itself. He had memorized the depth of the manholes and the
internal structure. They were in free fall for about ten meters in
the pitch-black, vertical hole, and then when they came out into a
wide, gloomy space, he spread the wings on his back and braked.
Silver Crow glided, carving out a spiral, and landed in the water
with a splash next to Aqua Current, who had preceded them.
They were in an enormous underground tunnel with a semicircle cross section like a kamaboko fish cake; it was probably six
or seven meters in diameter. The floor and walls were the same
concrete as the world aboveground, but they were covered entirely with a mysterious mucus—maybe mold, maybe moss—and
the metal pipes of various sizes were cruelly rusted. For lighting,
there were only the old-style fluorescent tube lights attached to
the ceiling, and in the darkness where the light didn’t reach,
small, unidentifiable creatures darted about.
A thin layer of water was flowing along the level floor, but it
was actually a disgusting, muddied gray color, and just being
sunk into it up to the ankles was extremely damaging mentally. If
the day came when you tripped and fell into it face-first, you
would inevitably faint in agony—or Haruyuki had experienced as
much.
You will absolutely not fall today! Resolving himself,
Haruyuki asked Maiden, his right arm still wrapped around her,
“Um, Mei, can I put you down…maybe?”

“…If I said no, would you hold me the whole time?”
“Huh? W-well, until we encounter the enemy…”
“That’s a good idea.” The words had no sooner come from his
left than Akira was also leaning into him, so Haruyuki reflexively
lifted her with his left arm. But no matter how small the F-type
avatars might have been, lifting two of them at the same time did
put a certain load on him.
“Uh, uh, if I run like this, there’s a fairly good chance that I’ll
trip and splash in face-first…”
“It’s okay. Smash that.”
When he looked in the direction of Current’s pointing finger,
he did indeed see a cylindrical silhouette enshrined there, almost
lost in the darkness. The Sewer stage bonus item: the oil drum.
He approached it carefully so that he wouldn’t trip, and when he
pulverized it with a single kick, a mysterious luminescent gas
wafted out and illuminated their surroundings for a few moments. Bathed in this, the three avatars watched their special-attack gauges jump to nearly half-full.
“All right. Now I can fly to the center of the stage carrying both
of you!”
“Please. My Hydro Auditory’s about to run out. I expect the
enemy team will reach the center…in another minute and thirty
seconds.”
“That’s plenty of time!” Haruyuki shouted as he deployed the
metal wings on his back. It took mental energy to fly in a confined
space, but if they could trace the enemy’s position, he didn’t need
to be careful of surprise attacks, so he could go pretty fast. He
lightly vibrated his wings, and once his feet were a couple dozen
centimeters about the muddy water, Haruyuki started flying parallel. The straight part of the tunnel ended in the blink of an eye,

and a bifurcation to either side appeared ahead of them.
“Right,” Akira murmured in his ear before he could slacken his
speed.
“Roger!” He inclined his body and went into a high-speed,
right-angle turn, his specialty. The tip of his wing dipped in and
out of the water surface, grazing it, and columns of water rose up
behind them, one after another.
“It’s like a movie!” Utai said from his right arm, voice tinged
with just the slightest bit of excitement.
Hearing this, Haruyuki wanted to go even faster, but it
wouldn’t serve their purpose for him to come into contact with a
wall because he was going too fast and dump all three of them
into the sludge. Hurry carefully, he told himself.
He continued turning right and left, following Akira’s directions, and when they had flown for less than a minute, he could
see a bright light up ahead. The blue color of it, closely resembling that of the special-attack gauge, was not a fluorescent light,
but the light effect emitted by the base.
“That’s the center,” Akira noted. “The enemy team will be here
in a few more seconds.”
“We’re going in!” he shouted as he spread out both wings wide
and applied the brakes. Dropping speed, they flew out of the tunnel and into a round, underground space.
Sewer tunnels like the one they had come through met from all
directions here, forming a gray lake in the center. The space was
fifty meters across and probably thirty meters high, up to the ceiling of the dome. In the middle of the lake was a small concrete island, and on this floated a metal ring shining with blue light. Rotating slowly, emitting a strange vibration, this ring was the
“foothold” specific to a Territories stage. Inside the ring, a

player’s special-attack gauge was automatically charged, so the
basic strategy of the Territories was to occupy the foothold somehow, defend it if you did manage to occupy it, or attack if it was
occupied.
The foothold in the center of the stage was known as the
“stronghold,” a charging ring larger than any of the other
footholds. If they were small, three avatars could charge at the
same time—although the recovery speed would slow down a bit—
so whether this ring could be taken was often directly connected
to victory or loss. Thus, Haruyuki started to fly to the small island
in the center of the lake to occupy the still-deserted stronghold.
But.
“Dodge!” At the same time as Akira’s sharp voice rang out,
something flew in from the tunnel on the opposite side at high
speed. Oval and straight line and arc formed of bright red flames
—it was an eighth note.
“Whoa!” Crying out, he turned sharply to the right and
dropped down. The sparks, scattering from the flaming musical
note, bounced off Silver Crow’s armor in several places, but the
heat resistance of his metal color proved a boon, and there was no
damage.
The note carved out a loosely curving trajectory and flew off
behind them. When it hit the concrete wall, it split into four
thirty-second notes before forming an enormous vortex of flame.
Catching this on the edge of his field of view, Haruyuki fully
braked on the verge of landing in the water. Unable to reach the
foothold, he descended into the lake about twenty meters ahead
of it. His feet were once more swallowed up by the muddy water,
but in this situation, he obviously couldn’t waste his time with
feelings of visceral disgust. Akira and Utai jumped down from
Haruyuki’s arms and spread out to either side of him.
“…That technique just now, I’m pretty sure it was, um…”

The answer Haruyuki was trying to dig out of his memory
came from the small duel avatar who leapt forcefully out of the
tunnel he was facing. “So you dodge my Searing Note with no
damage! You’re a real piece of work!” Paying no mind to the filth
at her feet, the avatar ran splashing forward and stopped in a position where she created an isosceles triangle with Haruyuki and
his friends and the floating island of the foothold as the triangle’s
feet. She spun around twice there before striking a pose with her
left hand on her side and her right thrust up into the air.
Her entire body was colored a fairly vivid, long-distance red.
Of course, she wasn’t as saturated as the Red King, Scarlet Rain,
but in the gloom of the underground space, the orange-scarlet
stood out sharply. The armor of her upper body was in the shape
of a blazer with a necktie, while that of her lower body was a
miniskirt, and her head, with two long pigtails dangling down,
was equipped with large ribbons on either side.
Haruyuki had seen this avatar, somehow reminiscent of an ancient cyber idol, before, albeit only two or three times in the Nerima area duel Galleries. “…Blaze Heart…”
Haruyuki’s voice as he uttered her name was a little hoarse, reflecting the anxiety and tension in his body.
Now that he was facing her directly, there was no longer any
room for doubt. She was definitely a member of the Red Legion,
Prominence. So then the problem was whether this battle was of
her own volition or not.
Haruyuki took a step or two forward as he stared at Blaze’s
body, still in her trademark pose, as if to devour it. The chest
armor patterned after a blazer was split to either side, exposing
the naked body of the avatar within. If she were parasitized with
an ISS kit, it would have been right there. He concentrated,
squinting hard to seek out the jet-black semisphere he had witnessed any number of times.

Perhaps sensing his gaze beyond Crow’s mirrored goggles,
Blaze Heart slapped both hands over her chest and shouted, “Whwhat’re you staring at?! Sorry for being hella flat-chested!”
“Huh?! N-no, that’s, I wasn’t—”
“Whaaaat?! So then, you some kind of perv who likes washboards?! Now that you mention it, your comrades’ve got nothing
going on upstairs, either!!”
At this from Blaze, he just barely managed to suppress the unconscious urge to look at Maiden and Current’s chests. Haruyuki
mustered up all his willpower and fixed his eyes firmly in front.
“N-no, that’s not it. It’s not that I like flat chests or whatever!”
“That’s right!” Utai’s crisp voice followed in declaration. “Crow
doesn’t like breasts; he likes legs!!”
“Right, that’s exactly— N-no, no, no!!”
“Hmm, that so? I’ll make a note of it,” Akira mentioned to his
left, and Haruyuki wanted to run away.
But fortunately, before he could put that plan into action, Utai
murmured at a volume that their opponent could not hear, “From
Blaze’s behavior, she doesn’t seem to have been parasitized by the
kit. I can’t confirm a kit visually, either.”
“Y-yeah…you’re right. But then the problem is…” When
Haruyuki had gotten that far, Blaze’s two comrades chased in
after her, sending water droplets flying everywhere, and came to
a stop.
On the right was a yellowish-brown M-type avatar equipped
with enormous claws on each sturdy arm. And on the left was a
pale peach–colored F-type carrying a parasol-shaped Enhanced
Armament as tall as she was. Ochre Prison and Peach Parasol—
both Burst Linkers were also members of Prominence.

Haruyuki diligently but as casually as possible looked over
their chest armor, but he couldn’t see ISS kits on either one of
them. When Blaze Heart brought her arms back down from in
front of her body, he gave voice to the question swirling around in
his heart.
“…You’re all in Prominence, right? So why?! Us and Promi, we
have an unlimited cease-fire. Or is this the will of the Red King—”
“It’s not Rain!” The idol-type avatar in the scarlet blazer didn’t
let Haruyuki finish. “We’re the ones who decided to attack!” Her
high-pitched cry was clearly tinged with anger. Peach Parasol also
raised her voice with “That’s right! Exactly!” and Ochre Prison
opened and closed the claws of both hands, making a rasping
sound.

Apparently, something had happened that Heart and her comrades could not stomach—to the point where they would break
the truce prescribed by the Red King—sending them here to challenge Suginami in the Territories that day. But Haruyuki had absolutely no clue as to the details of that “something.”
When it came to incidents involving Nega Nebulus and Prominence, there was basically only the Fifth Chrome Disaster at the
beginning of the year. But at that time, the Master, aka Niko, had
set up some social engineering centered on Haruyuki, and none
of the other Legion members had made an appearance. When the
incident with Dusk Taker had happened in April, Niko and her
deputy Pard had helped Haruyuki and Takumu, and they had
maintained friendly relations ever since—or rather, the two of
them were simply precious friends. So Haruyuki had a feeling of
closeness to the Red Legion itself, and even if their opportunities
for exchange were few, he had absolutely no memory of ever taking action hostile to its members. So he couldn’t even imagine
what had so enraged Blaze Heart and her comrades.
He glanced to either side, and both Utai and Akira lightly
shook their heads. If they didn’t know what was going on either,
the only thing to do was simply ask directly. “Um, what’s the reason for this? Did we do something to Pro—?”
“Of coooooourse you did!!” Blaze Heart screamed, her round
and cute eye lenses shining a blue reminiscent of high-temperature flames. “You’re not going to tell me you forgot about yesterday! I mean, after you tried to get the Red King, Scarlet Rain,
stuck in an EK with a super-huge Legend-class Enemy when she
was leading the hunt! There were twenty or more of us in Promi
out hunting Enemies in the Toooooshima area of the Unlimited
Neutral Field!”
“Wha— Wha—?!” Haruyuki threw his head back and then
fiercely shook it, waving his hands from side to side as well. “Wwe didn’t! We wouldn’t do that!”

Next to Heart, Peach Parasol’s eyes shone sharply. “That’s a
bold-faced lie! Me and Heart and Och, we all tooootally saw it!”
she cried, holding the umbrella-type Enhanced Armament in
both hands and spinning it at high speed. Then the parasol
stopped spinning and was turned forcefully toward Haruyuki as
she set her sights on him with the gun muzzle in the tip. “It’s true
you guys weren’t there, but…instead, she was riding on the back
of a Legend class! Your Master! The Black King, Black Lotus!”
Her voice, burning with anger, shot through Haruyuki’s chest like
a bullet from a large-caliber rifle.
Even after the echoes created by the large underground dome
faded and disappeared, Haruyuki couldn’t react. Ardor Maiden
took a step forward instead and called back in her clear voice,
“That’s not possible! Lotus would never launch a surprise attack
like that. And to attack using an Enemy! She just wouldn’t!”
“Shut it! Shut up shut up shut uuuuuuup!!” The cry that
gushed out of Blaze Heart had thrown off the sweetness of the
idol and was somehow colored with grief. She clenched both her
hands in front of her, and her small body shook violently as she
continued to push the words out. “She did it, though! Two and a
half years ago…a cowardly surprise attack on the previous Red
King! Red Rider! She killed him, didn’t sheeeee?!”
“…!”
Haruyuki suddenly felt like he couldn’t breathe, and he unconsciously pressed a hand to his chest. He tried to take in the virtual
air, but the sensation of his throat being blocked wouldn’t leave.
He absolutely could not believe that Black Lotus—that Kuroyukihime—would have planned a surprise attack in the Unlimited
Neutral Field on the Red Legion with a Legend-class Enemy, but
it was a fact that she had caught the former Red King in a surprise attack and forced him to total point loss. There were many
threads leading up to that tragedy, but Haruyuki didn’t have the
time or the right to explain them all.

This time, neither Utai nor Akira moved to refute the claim.
Blaze Heart lowered her voice just the slightest bit and said to the
silent members of Nega Nebulus, “…The second Red King, Scarlet
Rain, also took part in the Enemy hunt yesterday. The Black King
simply set a Legend class on her and disappeared, but it was obvious that if Rain had gotten into a tight spot, she would have
shown up again to try to land the killing blow.”
Hearing this, Haruyuki finally pushed aside tightness in his
throat and asked, “S-so then, Rain…the Red King’s okay, right?!”
“Of cooooourse! ’Cos we were there with her! And as if we’re
gonna let you kill our master ever again! Not one more tiiiiiiiime!!”
Upon Blaze’s declaration, Peach brandished her umbrella rifle,
and Ochre snapped out the claws of both hands.
Haruyuki had been told that with the disappearance of the
previous Red King two and a half years earlier, Prominence had
been destroyed as a Legion. The former Promi members had split
off into several groups and were locked in combat with the members of the small-and medium-size Legions that came to challenge them; it had apparently been something like the Warring
States period of ancient times.
The one who stepped up and took the lead in this massive confusion, piling victory upon victory until she eventually reached
level nine, the proof of kinghood, was the Immobile Fortress, the
Bloody Storm, Scarlet Rain. After she became the second Red
King, Prominence was reformed with her as a pillar, and things
settled back down in the Nerima area. But not too many of the old
members stayed in this new Prominence. The scale of thirty or so
members was proof of that fact, making it the smallest of the current six Great Legions.
But from what he could infer from the way she talked, Blaze
Heart was a holdover from the old Prominence. And given that

Peach Parasol and Ochre Prison were also taking part in this territory attack, they probably were, too.
“…So then, Blaze, the reason you and your comrades are attacking Suginami is…to fight Black Lotus?” Haruyuki asked, and
the three attackers nodded resolutely.
“That’s right! When she’s in her territory, we can’t challenge
her to a regular duel! Rain said not to move until she can get a
hold on the situation, but…we just can’t allow this! Even three
against one, I don’t think we could beat the Black King, but, but
at least one blow! We won’t be satisfied until we punch her a
gooooooood one!!” As Peach shouted this, Haruyuki definitely
saw a battle spirit that resembled flames flicker faintly around
her right fist.
There was no way the Black King had used an Enemy to hunt
the Red King—absolutely none. To Kuroyukihime, Niko was no
longer just the head of a Legion they had a cease-fire with. She
was a cherished friend in the real world. Just like it was for
Haruyuki.
So if Blaze and her companions were saying they saw Black
Lotus on the back of a Legend-class Enemy, then he could only
assume it was a trick set up by a force that was neither Nega Nebulus nor Prominence. But even if he explained that here and now,
the three enemy Linkers were burning with such anger that they
likely wouldn’t accept it. The grudge from Red Rider’s fall was
pushing them forward.
“…Unfortunately, the Black King is not in this stage,” Aqua
Current uttered abruptly, quietly. She reached out her right hand
and clenched it, scattering water droplets. “So we’ll prove it to
you on her behalf. The fact that Black Lotus and the Nega Nebulus she leads would absolutely never set up a sneak attack on your
king.”
“And how are you going to prove that?! We’re not interested in

your little excuses!” Peach Parasol shouted.
“Naturally, we will not rely on words,” Ardor Maiden responded boldly, not flinching at the gun barrel that threatened to
erupt in flames at any moment. “We are Burst Linkers. So we
speak with our fists and our battle cries!” Utai thrust out her right
hand just like Akira had and made an adorable fist.
Although Haruyuki felt like he should say something, too, he
unfortunately couldn’t come up with anything to add to the declarations of the two more experienced fighters. Left with no choice,
he silently followed their example and stretched a tight fist out.
Seeing the three fists lined up, Blaze Heart started to call
something out reflexively, but she swallowed it down hard. After
a second, she replied, “Just what we were hoping for! We’ll kick
you down before we get to the Black King!!” She opened her right
fist—still thrust out—and continued, “Mic onnnnnnnn!”
This was apparently a key word, since a red light gathered
around the palm of her hand to produce a single object. For an
Enhanced Armament, it was fairly small. The cylinder, which was
twenty centimeters or so long with a rounded end, was indeed the
very definition of a microphone.
Maiden, the Black team’s long-distance fighter, also called up
her Enhanced Armament: “That the path of the bow and arrow
does not stray.”
When she uttered this poetic phrase, flames gathered in her
left hand and stretched up and down to generate a slender longbow. Named “Flame Caller,” the powerful weapon combined
force and accuracy.
In Territory Battles of three against three, it often happened
that the teams scattered before meeting, so that right from the
start it was one-on-one duels in three different places. But when
both sides met while still together like this, the synergistic effects

of abilities, the speed at which team members understood each
other—in other words, teamwork—became an important element
in deciding victory.
In that sense, the three members of Nega Nebulus were at a
disadvantage. This was the first Territories duel for the team of
Ardor Maiden, Aqua Current, and Silver Crow. They hadn’t developed a single three-person combo technique.
So then scatter and take it to one-on-one?! Or aim for improvised combo techniques?! As if targeting Haruyuki’s fleeting hesitation, the Promi team took the lead in moving. Actually, more
precisely, they’d started before he even knew it. Ochre Prison,
who hadn’t said a single word so far, was not simply a silent character, but apparently was getting ready to activate some secret
technique.
“Edged Cage!!” he shouted in a throaty voice. He plunged his
hands, equipped with the enormous claws that were his most significant feature, up to the wrists in the filthy water at his feet.
Instinctively determining this to be a grounder type of attack,
Haruyuki sent his eyes racing through the water. There were
nearly twenty meters between the two teams. No matter how fast
the technique was, it was possible to see it and get out of the way.
Clang! The heavy, sharp metallic sound echoed in all directions. Rising up from the water to surround Haruyuki and his
team were Ochre’s claws made enormous—now many times
larger than they had been. And it wasn’t just their size; their
number had also increased. Nearly thirty claws, lined up with a
gap of a mere twenty centimeters between them, came together
and closed above their heads.
In the blink of an eye, the Black team had been confined in a
cage of steel claws. Though when Haruyuki thought about it,
“ochre” was basically a pure, indirect-type yellow. There was no
reason an avatar like that would have a special attack that was

simple, straightforward long-distance firepower.
“…You were a little too late in inferring the nature of the attack,” Akira murmured, pressed up against Haruyuki to avoid
touching the cage. From her tone, she had somehow guessed that
Ochre’s technique was a capture type, but had waited for
Haruyuki’s instruction as per her previous declaration.
“I-I’m sorry!” he shouted, flustered at the sudden error. “I’ll
break it right away!”
At a glance, the individual claws didn’t look that strong. But
just when he’d clenched his fist to smash it, he was stopped by
Utai. “You have to look carefully. The claws all have blades on the
inner edge. If you simply punch them, you’ll be the one to take
damage.”
“Nngh…” Indeed, all the claws making up the cage had sharp
edges like razor blades, facing inward rather than outward. No
matter how resistant to slicing attacks Silver Crow was as a metal
color, he wouldn’t get off scot-free if he punched the blade. It was
possible to hit the side with all his might and break out that way,
but since there were only twenty centimeters between each set of
claws, he couldn’t get the correct angle for a punch.
“R-right…A special attack for a special attack!” Haruyuki
clenched his left hand and blocked with both fists in front of his
face. Silver Crow’s lone special attack, Head Butt, required a large
motion and took a long time to charge up, and even if he did
manage to launch it in the middle of high-speed, hand-to-hand
combat, it wouldn’t land on its target. But if he used it against a
motionless object, the effect was huge. He glanced up at his special-attack gauge and confirmed that it was just barely charged
enough.
With his arms still crossed, he leaned back, and light began to
gather at his forehead with a screeching sound. The two more experienced Burst Linkers, seeing this, commented coolly once

more.
“I don’t think the aim is bad, but…”
“Is it time to use it now?”
—What? Haruyuki said in his heart.
“As if I’d let yoooouuuu!” Blaze Heart shouted. “Searing
Noooooote!”
She yelled the technique name loudly toward the mic in her
right hand. The mic glittered red, and then, almost as though the
voice itself had sparked it, an enormous flaming eighth note was
generated in midair.
Krrr! Roaring, the deadly annotation charged toward them,
and Haruyuki instantly knew he wouldn’t make it in time. Since
he had a pretty good idea of what would happen if he ignored his
instincts and insisted on activating his special attack, he quickly
dropped his arms.
The light gathering at his forehead dissipated futilely into the
air, and shaking off any regret, he shouted, “Defensive formation!” At the same time, he tried to step out in front of his teammates to use his metal shell’s heat tolerance as a shield.
But getting the jump on him was Aqua Current. “Roger.” With
a single word, she wrapped her arms around Crow and Maiden
and then shifted the flowing-water armor of her body to envelop
all three of them.
The flying, flaming eighth note touched the top of the cage of
blades and split into four thirty-second notes, which dropped
down around the cage, bounced once, and exploded.
The flash colored his field of view orange, and then a swirling
vortex of fire pressed in on them from all sides. The flames

slipped through the gaps between the claws and filled the inside
of the cage. In an instant, the three-centimeter-thick layer of
water heated up, and a powerful sensation of heat was communicated to Haruyuki’s body. Fortunately, however, the temperature
stopped increasing right around the level of a fairly hot bath. The
strength of the blaze weakened and flowed back outside the cage
again.
“Th-thank you…That’s just like you, Curren.” Since they were
still wrapped in a layer of water, his words sounded burbly.
Akira quickly shook her head. “If we’re hit with that attack
again, the water will boil and evaporate. I can replenish from the
lake below, but that water’s fairly dirty, so it’d take time to purify
it.”
Aqua Current meant that she could supplement losses to her
water armor with water from the stage, but she had to remove
any impurities before she could use it. The muddy water of a
Sewer stage was, in that sense, very nearly the absolute worst.
The only dirtier water he could think of was the poison bogs of
the Corroded Forest stage or the blood ponds of the top-level,
dark-type Deadly Sin stage.
“But…they shouldn’t be able to shoot off a large attack like that
in succession…,” Haruyuki said, searching for a way to escape
with one half of his brain. Given that Blaze Heart’s attack of
throwing flaming music notes looked very impressive and had a
wide effect range, it had to have eaten up a fair bit of her specialattack gauge. And in this Sewer stage, breaking objects other than
the oil drums didn’t charge your gauge. Before the next music
note attack came, she’d have to charge her special-attack gauge
somehow.
Once his thoughts reached this point, he finally realized it:
There was a way to recover your gauge more easily than oil
drums, and forever on top of that.

“Crap…!” By the time the word slipped unconsciously from
Haruyuki’s mouth, Blaze Heart was already starting to run to the
right. What she was aiming for was, of course, the large energy
charger in the center of the underground dome, the stronghold.
Right now, it was still neutral, but thirty seconds after an avatar
entered the metal ring, it would shift to occupied status, and the
function to charge special-attack gauges would be opened. When
that happened, Blaze would be free to shoot off as many flaming
music notes as she wanted.
They had to prevent her from occupying the foothold at least.
The only way that would be possible when they were locked up in
this cage of blades was with the longbow Ardor Maiden carried.
But naturally, the enemy was likely anticipating that. There was
no doubt in his mind that Peach Parasol and her large rifle were
doing nothing but standing by because she was waiting on
Maiden’s shot. So then…
“…Curren, on the count of three, pull back your water, and
Mei, please aim for Blaze with your bow.” When he gave the instructions in a quiet voice, Utai and Akira nodded slightly.
Three, two, one. Counting down to zero, Haruyuki quickly
crouched down. At the same time as the layer of water blanketing
the three of them returned to Current’s body, Ardor Maiden, who
had been in Silver Crow’s shadow up to that point, lifted the bow
in her left hand. When her right hand touched the bowstring, a
flame arrow glittered red, and she pulled it back with all her
might.
However, the instant she saw Maiden’s bow, Peach Parasol
also moved. “I’m not letting that happen!”
She had no sooner dashed over to the line that connected
Maiden and Blaze than she was opening her umbrella all the way.
The flower petal–like metal plates expanded to a second level and
instantly formed a circular shield extending a meter and a half in
diameter. No matter how much power Maiden’s flame arrow con-

tained, it would have been difficult to destroy a defensive Enhanced Armament with a normal attack. It was a different story if
you fired over and over at the same place, but in the time it took
for something like that, Blaze would have easily overtaken the
foothold.
However, Haruyuki’s true aim was not Blaze Heart as she took
over the foothold. Still crouching, he changed the direction he
was facing and vibrated the wings that were just half-deployed on
his back with all his might. Normally, he would shoot forward
and crash into the blades of the cage, dragging Utai and Akira
along with him, but that didn’t happen—because the tips of his
wings were sunk deeply into the muddy water on the floor of the
stage.
Instead, the high-frequency vibration of the metallic fins
dredged up water and changed it into mist, generating an enormous cloud of fog to their rear. The white haze flowed toward
Peach and robbed her of her view. Naturally, Maiden couldn’t see
Peach or Blaze, either, but Haruyuki had only ordered her to aim.
The shooting was, naturally, another obstacle altogether.
“Mei, Ochre!”
“Roger! Understood!” At a speed that suggested she had anticipated this instruction from Haruyuki, Utai changed the angle of
her flame arrow. The instant she had Ochre Prison in her sights—
who couldn’t move while he was maintaining the cage of knives—
she was launching her arrow without a moment’s hesitation.
Ochre had to have been able to see Utai, but he couldn’t move
while the capture technique was active. The flame arrow flew
through the air, carving out a red trajectory in space, and hit
home squarely on Ochre’s round head, which was wrapped in a
frame like a birdcage.
Whoosh! The flames that rose up enveloped his head.

“Mwaaaah…!” Speaking for the second time that day, Ochre
Prison threw his head back. As his arms were yanked out of the
water, the cage of knives that restrained Haruyuki and his team
sank into the water and disappeared.
Haruyuki couldn’t let this chance get away. But he also didn’t
have time to give detailed instructions. Thus, he simply shouted,
“I’ll leave the rest to you!”
With this instruction that probably meant he was a failure as a
leader, he used up the last tiny bit remaining in his special-attack
gauge and flew. His gauge was used up immediately after taking
off, but it was more than enough to leap a mere twenty meters.
Crow flew past Peach Parasol, still cloaked in thick fog and panicking, and plunged forward toward the foothold on the other
side of her. The indicator bar on the ring showed that the time remaining to occupation was two seconds…one second…
“Aaaaah!!”
“Wha—?!” Blaze Heart finally noticed Crow descending on her
as he crashed into her.
He had to get his opponent out of the foothold. With nothing
else in his head, Haruyuki crouched down to yank her from the
little island, and from the force of it, plunged into the muddy
water together with Blaze.
“Aaaaah! Let gooooo! So dirty! It stinks! It’s slimyyyyyy!!”
“I-I’m not in love with it eeeeeeeeither!!” he shouted back,
desperately restraining the flailing Blaze. It wasn’t like the occupy
timer would reset because he’d chased her from the ring. He had
to keep her away from it until it gradually dropped to zero.
He was honestly reluctant to use a hold on a small-statured Ftype avatar with an idol-like design, and a flat-chested one to
boot, but if he loosened his grip even a little, she might slip away

with the help of the slime. So he used not just both hands but also
his feet to keep her pinned.
“C-c-come onnnnn! What are you doing to Heartchiiii?!” Finally free of the thick fog, Peach Parasol closed her enormous
umbrella even as her eye lenses threatened to jump off her face
mask. The gun muzzle tip stretched out with a chak, and the Enhanced Armament changed from shield to rifle mode. “Die, you
perv! Yeah!!” Flying into such a rage that any thought that she
might accidentally shoot “Heartchi” had flown right out of her
head, Peach readied her rifle to shoot Haruyuki.
“Whoa! Don’t shoooot!” shrieked Blaze.
“I’m not a perv!” Haruyuki tried shouting, but the murderous
rage in Peach’s eyes didn’t disappear.
“Charge Shot!!” When the trigger was pulled, light gathered at
the muzzle for a moment before a ragged flame jetted out. The
large-diameter, glittering pink bullet grazed Haruyuki’s helmet
with a choon!, skipped up against Blaze’s ribbon, and then shot
up a massive column of water nearby.
“Eee! Uh, um, do something about that!!” Haruyuki shouted.
The idol avatar shook her head back and forth quickly, as if
having forgotten for a moment that she was pinned down. “Once
Peacchi gets like that, she won’t stop until her target’s full of
holes!”
“Wh-what?! So she’s a sniper who’s snapped?”
Even during this exchange, Peach was yanking the bolt handle
of the rifle with a high-pitched sound and ejecting the round to
ready the gun once more. Haruyuki and Blaze both shuddered
and clung to each other unconsciously.
Fortunately, however, the next round was not launched. In the

large underground dome, he heard the call of a technique name
in a clear voice tinged with exasperation. “Flame Torrent.”
The longbow was turned diagonally upward to launch a flame
arrow. Once the arrow passed the peak of the parabola, it split
into dozens more, transforming into a crimson rain on Peach
Parasol’s head.
“Waaah?!” she cried out, apparently snapped out of berserker
mode. The folded plates enclosing the rifle body opened, and she
hid herself under the Enhanced Armament, which was turned
umbrella once again. A rain of flames poured down.
The range of the technique was surprisingly small—the flame
arrows didn’t reach as far as Haruyuki and Blaze—but being
within its range was pretty awful. Of course, the ground was covered in water, but the arrows continued to burn even after they
fell on the water surface. A large number of them also pierced
Peach’s umbrella, and she was evidently in a burning hell.
“Th-that’s Negabu’s Testarossa…” Blaze Heart’s trembling
voice came from under him.
“Huh? D-do you know her?” Haruyuki asked unconsciously.
“Everyone at the midlevel of Promi’s heard the rumors. She’d
fly in carried by the ICBM Sky Raker and then turn the field into
a sea of flames with that technique. And then finally she’d drop
down on the foothold, a fireball herself.”
“Wh-whoa…” Trembling along with Blaze, he remembered
now the stories he’d heard. The second Red King, Niko herself,
had said that even she’d gotten into a world of hurt when Maiden
had dropped down at close range during the Territories way back
when. And it was true that if an avatar with that kind of firepower
occupied the foothold, it would be a difficult job to get close to it,
much less get it back.

Immediately after he had this thought, Ardor Maiden completed the occupation of the foothold, and the metal ring was colored the Legion’s shade of black.
“C, I’ll keep Peach in check!” Utai shouted to Haruyuki, pulling
back her bowstring as it pointed at the sky.
“I’ve got Ochre,” Akira’s voice added from a distance. “Crow,
you two leaders settle this!”
When Haruyuki glanced behind him, Aqua Current was toying
with Ochre Prison, who flailed and slashed with his claws while
she danced around at high speed like flowing water itself. If the
two veterans were on top of the rest of the Prominence team, he
wouldn’t have to worry about any simple counterattacks.
Haruyuki met the eyes of Blaze Heart, who was still pinned beneath him. Silently, they reached a mutual understanding and
pulled away from each other, bounding up from the muck.
“Aaaall right…Now it’s for real, one-on-one, black and white—
I mean, red and black, we’ll settle this!”
“Wh-when you put it like that, it sounds like we’re already the
losers. But this is just what I was hoping for!”
Haruyuki readied himself, sending water droplets flying, and
Blaze showed off her spin and pose once more. There weren’t
even two meters between them, but he didn’t get the sense that
his opponent was falling back.
“You’re prob’ly thinking ‘hand-to-hand with a long-distance
red’!” Hitting the nail on the head, Blaze let a grin rise up on her
adorable face mask. “Let me tell you! Long-distance red is the red
of flames! And the red of flames, well”—she pressed the mic in
her right hand to her mouth and said, ridiculously loud—“is the
red of hot bloooooood! Burning Heaaaaaaart!!”

As her voice touched the bright red mic, sparks flew off and
started to burn. Searing Note, the special attack Blaze has used
twice up to that point, was a long-distance attack that generated
flame notes from her voice. So Haruyuki reflexively moved out of
the path of the mic.
But what it produced this time was not a music note but an
enormous heart, which shone so red it was dazzling. And this
crumbled immediately after it was generated to wrap Blaze herself in an intense fire. The long pigtails also changed to flames
and stood on end, undulating. Her eye lenses, which had been a
sapphire color up to that point, turned into rubies.
“Silver Crow!!” Transformed into the spirit of fire, Blaze Heart
shouted in a voice tinged with a high-pitched, metallic edge, “If
you believe in your master, then try to stop my fists with those
feeliiiiiiings!!”
As if unable to withstand the heat of that line, even the mic
clutched in her right hand burned up, becoming a massive fire
that enveloped her fist.
The water on the ground around Blaze began to burble and
boil. Wondering how an avatar could have this high of a temperature and still be all right, Haruyuki glanced at the enemy health
gauge in the top right of his field of view and saw that she wasn’t,
in the end, entirely okay. Blaze Heart’s gauge was decreasing with
each passing second, meaning she was also burning herself with
those flames.
So then if I run around and dodge, she’ll eventually destroy
herself?
It would have been a lie to say the thought didn’t cross his
mind. Or rather that, if this were a normal duel, a normal Territories match, Haruyuki wouldn’t have hesitated to do exactly that.
But Blaze Heart and her comrades were enraged that their
beloved leader had been set up for an Enemy kill, and they had

attacked Suginami area to land just one blow—even though they
knew they could never be victorious in an encounter with the
Black King.
In which case, running away was basically the same as confessing that the feelings of love he had for Kuroyukihime, his own
Legion Master and parent, were inferior to the passion of Blaze
and her comrades. It was emotion, rather than logic, that told
Haruyuki this.
“…Obviously I believe in her!!” he shouted, clenching his right
hand into a fist, and he dropped his hips to ready himself. Naturally, since using the Incarnate system in any normal duel, including the Territories, was the greatest taboo, he couldn’t make
his fist shine like Blaze’s, but even still, his focused battle spirit
became a faint signal transmitted to the BB Imagination Control
System, and something like a heat haze shimmered around his
fist.
Seeing Haruyuki brace himself, Blaze brought an MC’s grin
across her face. “Thaaaat’s the spirit! No tricks…Here I
cooooooome!!” Kicking up stagnant water, she charged at him in
a straight line. Whirling around once, she launched her blazing
fist into an impressively forceful right straight.
At the same time, Haruyuki also leapt forward. In contrast to
Blaze’s showy motion, he barely raised his arm. Instead, he simply drew back his fist and accelerated with a kick.
The incandescent meteor of Blaze’s punch and the almost
pure-white beam of light of Haruyuki’s carved out exactly the
same trajectory and smashed into each other. A light effect of fire
and light canceling each other out shimmered in the air, and a little after that, the impact wave shook the stage. The water below
their feet turned hot and was pushed back by the pressure, revealing the concrete floor.
However zealous an idol she might have been, Blaze Heart was

still a long-distance type. Her striking power and armor strength
were fundamentally different from those of Silver Crow, a closerange metal type. But while unable to push Crow’s fist back,
Blaze’s did stop it solidly with the help of her special attack.
In this situation, the advantage went to Blaze. Swallowed in
flames, Crow’s fist instantly became red-hot, and his health gauge
started to slowly decrease. He might have had the high heat resistance of the metal colors, but the melting point of silver was fairly
low compared with that of iron or tungsten. If he stayed in direct
contact like this, his armor would melt away, and not only his fist
but the majority of his right arm would be blown off.
“…Are you not moving because you’re sneering at my flames?!
Or are you just an iiiiidiot?!” Blaze shouted, still in this contest of
strength with Haruyuki, her tone triumphant and yet somehow
slightly dissatisfied.
“The latter!” he shouted back even through the scorching heat.
Meeting her head-on like this and then continuing the pointless contest of strength was, strategically speaking, the height of
folly. But this situation was precisely what Haruyuki wanted.
From between clenched teeth, he squeezed out what voice he
could. “But I know my parent, the Black King, would do this, too!
‘Throw clever retreats to the dogs; once you dive into the stage,
the only thing is to duel with all you have’…That’s her teaching!”
“…!”
Instantly, Blaze opened her crimson eye lenses wide.
Haruyuki wanted to go further and tell her, Which is why the
Black King would never incite an Enemy and then run off on her
own, but he couldn’t communicate all his feelings with words
alone. In the end, it was the fist. He had to tell Blaze with the battle spirit in his fists.

The armor of his right hand passed the red-hot stage and glittered orange, apparently finally on the verge of melting. His
health gauge dropped more quickly, already cut down to 70 percent.
From here, it was next to impossible to push back Blaze’s enhanced fist. But in the back of Haruyuki’s brain lived a single
image: That of a super-hard metal color who, despite being as
small as Silver Crow, slammed dead-on into a large avatar and
failed to retreat a single step. Wolfram Cerberus.
The force of Cerberus’s punches and head butts wasn’t dependent only on the performance of the tungsten armor he was born
with. The reason why it was so hard, so heavy, was that he put all
of himself into his blows. Every ounce of energy the duel avatar
produced was focused on the one point, the one moment of impact.
What made this possible was his incredibly tough joints. Cerberus probably locked all the joints on his body in the moment of
attack to become a single lump of metal that crashed into the
enemy. It was a technique that was the polar opposite of the Way
of the Flexible—the idea of making the entire body soft to accept
and let flow the enemy’s attack—that Haruyuki had learned from
Kuroyukihime. The so-called Way of the Stiff. That was what
made Cerberus’s technique a knockout blow.
Naturally, without the hardness and weight of tungsten or the
same joint strength, Silver Crow couldn’t flat-out copy Cerberus’s
Way of the Stiff. But even if it wasn’t possible with his whole
body, he could definitely turn at least his right arm into a lump of
steel for just a moment. Before he learned about the Incarnate
system, Haruyuki had gouged the incredibly hard wall of a building in the Demon City stage with his bare hands, so Crow’s arms
had to have that much hardness to them.
Haruyuki turned his body slightly and stretched out straight
the right arm that continued to fight Blaze’s punch. He brought

his wrist, elbow, shoulder, and even the right wing extending
from his shoulder blade into a single straight line, imagining
passing a steel shaft through there. If his joints bent or warped
even a tiny bit, his arm wouldn’t be able to completely endure the
action and would break.
Cerberus, I’m just going to borrow your technique, he murmured to the duel avatar with the wolflike head—no, to the
younger boy he’d had a fleeting encounter with in the real—and
abruptly stopped breathing. From his perspective, he had a few
seconds before the armor of his right hand melted. This was his
first and last chance.
“Here I go, Blaze!!”
Perhaps sensing the end of the contest was at hand even before Haruyuki shouted this, Blaze Heart also responded in a flash,
“Come, Crow!!”
Her flames burned noticeably brighter, and in that instant,
Haruyuki kicked fiercely off the ground with both feet. At the
same time, he forced the wings on his back to full power. A roar
shook the air like the firing of a large-caliber rifle, and massive
quantities of sparks scattered from Crow’s right wrist, elbow, and
shoulder. But his arm did not bend or crumple; instead, it shot
forward with a strength and speed on par with Cerberus’s iron fist
or even Cyan Pile’s Pile Driver.
The flames enveloping Blaze Heart’s fist cut a perfect circle
into the air and then scattered just before the small avatar was
bounced back from the force and crashed into the distant wall of
the dome.
Three minutes later.
Peach Parasol, her umbrella Enhanced Armament full of holes
from Ardor Maiden’s Flame Torrent; Ochre Prison, all the claws
on both hands severed by an unknown technique of Aqua Cur-

rent’s; and Blaze Heart, entire body burned to a crisp, got together in a line and bowed their heads at the same time, declaring
in unison, “We give up!!”
All six fighters had escaped from the dark, confined, slippery
sewers and moved aboveground to Kanpachi Street. The time remaining was five minutes and a dozen or so seconds, and if the
Territory Battle ended like this, it would be a victory for
Haruyuki’s team from the combined value of their health gauges.
Even so, Haruyuki maintained the bare minimum of caution
that Burst Linker etiquette dictated as he returned a light bow.
“Uh, um. GG—no, I mean, good game.”
Hearing this, the three members of Prominence lifted their
faces and exchanged glances before smiling together—although
Haruyuki still didn’t know what were the eyes and what was the
mouth in Ochre’s birdcage mask.
Haruyuki didn’t understand the reason for their reaction, and
seeing his perplexed face, Peach Parasol said on their behalf,
“You get that Pard speak from Pard herself?”
“Oh! R-right…Yeah, basically.”
Pard, aka Blood Leopard, who made free use of all kinds of abbreviations not just within the game but in real-life conversation
as well, was one of the Triplex, the senior executives of the Red
Legion. Naturally, Peach and the others would have been hearing
Pard-speak on a regular basis.
All three of them relaxed their shoulders, and not letting the
opportunity slip by, Haruyuki ever-so-timidly broached the taboo
topic. “Um, about the Enemy kill in the Unlimited Neutral Field
that you were talking about before the fight…”
“You don’t have to say any more than that.” Blaze Heart raised
her right hand and shook her head lightly. “To be honest, I’m still

not particularly interested in accepting everything you say…I
can’t believe there’s another duel avatar besides Black Lotus in
the Accelerated World who’s that black and that pointed. But—”
She cut herself off for a moment and dropped her gaze to her
right hand, slowly closing it as if confirming the sensation of impact lingering there. “But I know at least that you completely believe in your own master. The way we believe in Scarlet Rain. So
we’re gonna swallow a whole bunch of things right now. ’Cos our
master told us to.”
“Th-tha—” Haruyuki reflexively opened his mouth to thank
her, and Blaze stopped him again with her right hand.
“I can’t accept those words. Even setting aside the Enemy-kill
issue, it’s an indisputable fact that Black Lotus pushed Red Rider
to total point loss with a surprise attack. This alone we can’t forget, no matter what Rain and Pard say. So the three of us are
never gonna be friends with your Nega Nebulus.”
“…”
Haruyuki resisted the urge to tell them that even with the Red
Rider incident, there were circumstances the three of them didn’t
know about. But just as Blaze had said, a fact was a fact. Kuroyukihime had taken the head of the former Red King in her desire to
reach level ten. That had been her own choice, and the resentment and hatred that Blaze and her comrades had now was a result of that choice. Even her child, Haruyuki, couldn’t intervene
in that fate from the sidelines. So he simply nodded silently.
With the time remaining at two minutes, the three members of
the Red Legion turned on their heels together. Territory Battles
didn’t end until one of the teams was completely annihilated or
thirty minutes had passed, but perhaps to indicate that they had
nothing left to discuss, they intended to leave Kanpachi Road.
“Tell us just one last thing,” Aqua Current called quietly to
their receding backs. Blaze Heart stopped and finally looked

back, pigtails swinging. “You said the Black King incited an
Enemy to attack and then disappeared. Does that mean she ran
off across the ground?”
This question was apparently unexpected, and Blaze blinked
her eye lenses, now light blue again, several times, before shaking
her head quickly from side to side. “No. She jumped down from
the back of the massive Enemy, and then it was like she plunged
her entire body into the ground and disappeared.”

6
In the end, four teams came to attack the Suginami area in the
Territories the fifth week of June. The breakdown was one team
from Leonids, one from Great Wall, one from Pound Bag—the
small Legion headquartered in Toshima Ward—and the one team
from Prominence.
The defensive team of Haruyuki, Utai, and Akira fought the attacking teams from Pound Bag and Prominence and won both
matches. The team of Kuroyukihime and Fuko, short one person,
also had perfect victories over the Blue and Green teams. Thus,
the result was a win rate of 100 percent for the defending side in
all areas, and the Nega Nebulus flag was protected. That said,
they’d never actually been overcome since making the territory
declaration the previous November.
The reason Nega Nebulus, classified as a small Legion by the
number of members, had managed to keep their win ratio in the
Territories at 50 percent or more was, of course, because the
Black King, the Legion Master with overwhelming attack power,
took part in the defense herself. Although level differences were
not an absolute wall in Brain Burst, level niners alone were indeed another class altogether. In order to defeat Black Lotus, with
her sword limbs that could cut through any object just as her
nickname of World End implied, the only thing to do was stop
her from moving through some kind of nonphysical hold technique and then concentrate a large amount of long-distance firepower on her, but this was difficult in the Territories, where the
number of people on the attacking side was restricted.
Thus, in the current state of things, when the other Kings did
not come themselves to attack, the areas that could possibly fall

were limited to the ones Kuroyukihime was not defending. In
fact, the three-person team of younger members (Haruyuki,
Takumu, and Chiyuri) lost from time to time, but they usually
managed a win rate of 50 percent with one win out of two, or two
out of three, so while it was close, they did protect their flag. If
they lost with a team that included two of the Four Elements,
even if Kuroyukihime wasn’t there, Haruyuki saw that as his responsibility, since he was charged with leading the team in her
absence.
Thus, the instant they returned to the rear courtyard of Umesato Junior High when the time limit for that week’s Territories
was up, Haruyuki slid down on the bench. “Haaah…Th-thank
goodness…We didn’t lose…”
It was a far cry from a shout of victory. Beside him, Utai offered a faint, wry smile. UI> VERY NICE WORK, ARITA. IN THE SECOND
DUEL AGAINST POUND BAG, YOU DISPLAYED SOME FAIRLY STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP.

At a glance, the words spelled out in the chat window were
ones of praise, but they also pointed out by omission that his
leadership hadn’t quite reached the domain of “fully,” even in the
first duel against Prominence.
Shrinking into himself, Haruyuki tried an excuse on the fourth
grader, who was still very much his senior. “If you’d at least designated me leader in advance, I could have mentally prepared a
little more.”
UI> IN ALL SITUATIONS, YOU MUST ADAPT TO THE MOMENT!
“Y-yeah, I guess so…But it’s really great that Curren came
back, huh? And now we have a lot more leeway in the formation
of teams for the Territories.”
He had no sooner uttered this in the most offhand way than
Utai pursed her lips adorably and glared up at him. With that

look still on her face, she tapped quickly at her holokeyboard with
both hands. UI> WHEN DID YOU FIND OUT, ARITA? THAT REN WAS
COMING BACK TO NEGA NEBULUS?
“Th-the night before last.” Faced with the question, Haruyuki
couldn’t hide it any longer. At any rate, he had said before the
Territories that it was a secret for the reason of happy faces. “So it
still hasn’t been forty-eight hours! I was surprised, you know.
Curren suddenly showed up in the middle of the Battle Royale
and saved me and Ash. A-and, look, you just said you have to
adapt—”
UI> I WAS TALKING ABOUT IN THE DUEL! she typed forcefully—
until her expression abruptly softened.
The light reflected in her large eyes increased bit by bit as they
gazed up at Haruyuki. A point of light, the color of the evening
sun spilling through a gap in the cloudy sky, finally turned into a
drop of water and ran down her cheek.
Haruyuki opened both eyes wide, and cherry-colored text
slowly scrolled across his field of view. UI> I’M SURE THIS TIME IS
ALSO BECAUSE YOU WERE HERE, ARITA.
“Huh…? Th-this time…?”
UI> IT’S BECAUSE YOU MADE SUCH SINCERE EFFORTS THAT FU AND ME
AND SACCHI WERE ABLE TO RETURN TO NEGA NEBULUS. SO I JUST KNOW
IT’S THE SAME FOR REN.
“I—I didn’t do anything. In fact, Master and you and, of
course, Kuroyukihime all came back to help me. And—I mean—
Curren, too.”
UI> YOU SHOULD BE PROUD OF THAT. Utai wiped away the tear
with her right hand and stared for a moment at the transparent
droplet on her fingertip.

Shifting her gaze to Haruyuki once more, the girl four years
his junior opened her lips into a circle. Her mouth strained and
trembled. Tendons popped up in her slender neck and twitched.
“Sh-Shinomiya…!” Haruyuki called her name hoarsely. Utai
had lost her voice from shock on the day of the accidental death
of her real-life older brother and Burst-Linker parent, Kyoya Shinomiya. The only things she could utter in her real voice were two
voice commands related to Brain Burst, made possible through
years of practice.
The aphasia presented in her voice, but it was an impediment
in the functioning of her brain. Utai’s condition was classified as
subcortical expressive aphasia, and while it was possible for her
to understand and write words normally, spontaneous language—
speech with her real voice—was difficult. A neural blockage in the
part of the cerebrum called the precentral gyrus was the main
cause, but in Utai’s case, excessive psychological shock had
brought about a malfunction of the relevant neural network, and
this could not be recovered even with a brain implant chip.
So if she tried to force herself to speak with her real voice, Utai
would have felt not just physical pain, but a great deal of emotional pain. Haruyuki started to raise his hand to stop her, but a
moment before he could, a faint but definite sound spilled from
her trembling lips into the air and reached his ears.
“Tha…”
Followed by “n.” And finally, “ks.”
By the time she finished uttering the word, beads of sweat had
popped up on Utai’s forehead. Even so, a reassuring smile came
across her lips, and she bowed her head to him gently.
Desperately holding back the tears that threatened to escape
him, Haruyuki murmured, “Me too. Thanks, Shinomiya. For
being in this place with me now…really, thank you.”

Utai lifted her head, and her face lit up with an innocent grin
reminiscent of her real age.
Once the hands of the clock had come around to five thirty PM,
Haruyuki slipped through the incomplete festival gate in front of
the school gates, said good-bye to Utai, and headed home alone.
Not only were Kuroyukihime, Takumu, and Chiyuri still not
finished getting ready for the school festival but the entire school
was filled with the enthusiasm of the night before a celebration,
so heading home alone was a little sad. But to stay on school
grounds after the mandatory departure time of six PM, he’d have
to apply for permission from the school administration to extend
the working hours of the exhibition group he belonged to. And
since Haruyuki’s group in eighth-grade class C had long ago reported that their work was complete, there was, of course, no way
he would get that permission.

He trudged out onto Oume Highway and stared hard at the bus
stop on the opposite side of the road. If he was going to be chased
out of the school anyway, then he wanted to jump onto a bus like
he did the day before and take a field trip to Nakano area, but unfortunately, Kuroyukihime had also prohibited that.
The reason was the Red Legion Burst Linkers who had broken
the cease-fire (which Haruyuki had reported at the meeting after
the Territories were over). Once she had heard the sequence of
events, Kuroyukihime was silent for exactly three seconds before
she muttered with annoyance, “This is their work.”
Haruyuki had a good idea of who exactly she meant, but when
she announced, “I will handle this matter,” Haruyuki couldn’t
bring himself to say the name. But his Legion Master had continued to speak, her words turned mainly toward Haruyuki: Until
the school festival was over, no one was to duel freely outside of
Suginami, or even watch a duel.
“…Well, I just have to hang on for one day…”
The school festival would end the following day—Sunday—in
the afternoon, so he could assume the ban on travel outside the
area would be lifted that night—probably. He hoped. And then he
would go to Nakano, duel Wolfram Cerberus again, and say it one
more time: Come with me.
The next week, a meeting of the Seven Kings would be held,
and if they agreed that the performance of the Optical Conduction ability Haruyuki had obtained was equivalent to the Theoretical Mirror ability, then they would finally move out on the joint
invasion of Tokyo Midtown Tower. He would stand in the vanguard of the attack on the Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron, the most powerful enemy Haruyuki had ever faced outside
the God Suzaku. Before all that, he wanted to clarify the invisible
threads entangling Cerberus in complex ways and sever them.

The feeling of wanting to help Cerberus was perhaps arrogant,
presumptuous, and even self-serving. In no small part because it
came down to whether the level-five Silver Crow and the levelone Cerberus had matching battle power as Burst Linkers.
But two nights earlier, the Cerberus that Haruyuki had faced
in the real for just a few seconds, with waves of people wedged
between them, had eyes that had definitely tried to make some
kind of appeal to him. In which case, Haruyuki wanted to answer
that call. He wanted to offer his hand, to say something as many
times as it took. The way so many people had done for Haruyuki
in the past.
“…I’ll definitely come see you tomorrow,” he murmured as he
looked up at the fleecy clouds colored purple in the direction of
Nakano, and then he started walking home.
When he had gotten into the elevator of B wing, the mail icon in
the top right of his field of view started flashing. He launched his
mailer, thinking it was probably from his mother, who had left
the previous day on an overseas business trip and wouldn’t be
back until the following evening. He expected it would be something about how she was sorry she couldn’t come see the school
festival—however, the displayed sender was not his mother, but
the single letter N.
“…Wh-who?” Cocking his head to one side, he opened the
mail, which said only THERE IN FIVE SECONDS. Utterly baffled, he
cocked his head to the other side, and then the elevator stopped,
so he automatically stepped out.
A moment after he did so, the doors of the neighboring elevator opened. In another unconscious motion, he looked that way,
and the “someone” who leapt out forcefully into the hallway
snapped a finger at him.
“Hey! It’s been a long— It hasn’t, has it? Maybe five days?”

“Yea— Uh, whaaaa—?! Wh-wh-wh-why are you here?!”
Throwing his head back almost too far from the shock of it all,
Haruyuki just barely managed to recover his balance and get
himself upright again.
“I clearly gave you notice, so you don’t need to act so surprised,” the sender of the mail who had appeared precisely five
seconds after the arrival of the mail said, exasperated. “I mean,
like, how many times have I been here before already?”
“Uh, um. Three, four…five…”
“It’s just a thing you say. You don’t need to go counting!” Stepping over to him briskly to whack his stomach lightly with a flat
hand, the girl with red hair tied back in two bundles on either
side of her head—the Red King, Scarlet Rain, aka Yuniko Kozuki,
aka Niko—proffered a grin that filled her face and started walking
down the hallway to the Arita apartment. Haruyuki, after a bit,
managed to restart his brain and hurried after her.
Niko arrived first at the door with the plate 2305, and the instant she tapped the fingers of her right hand on it, there was the
sound of the door unlocking, so he was even more stunned. “Whwhaaaat?! You have the key to our house again?! The expiration
of the instant key you had was long—”
“Oh, when you let me stay over that time, I did a little fiddling
with your home server and changed it into a perpetual key, so,
you know.” Niko uttered this even more terrifying statement as
she took off her sneakers. “I’m coming in,” she announced a moment later, heading inside at a pace that said she knew she was
the master of this home.
Halfway down the hall, Niko looked back at the still-dumbfounded boy. “I’ll entertain myself, so you can go ahead and
change first,” she offered quietly, and then she disappeared into
the living room.

“…Notice. I mean, people usually give five hours, not five seconds.” With no other choice, Haruyuki was stuck merely muttering his complaints.
Still, he took Niko up on her suggestion and changed from his
uniform into a T-shirt and shorts before returning to the living
room, where Niko was lying on her side on the two-person sofa,
resting her head on a cushion. The instant he cracked an unconscious smile at seeing her so unabashedly making herself at
home, she glared at him out of the corner of her eye.
“What’re you grinning about?”
“I-it’s—nada…B-barley tea okay?”
“Mmm, thanksy.”
He nodded and headed to the kitchen, poured out two glasses
of barley tea, and returned to the living room, where he set himself down across from Niko. There, finally, he became aware of
the slight unease residing in his heart. He cocked his head from
side to side several times before finally stumbling upon the reason.
“Now that I’m thinking of it, why have you been in Normal
mode right from the start today, Niko?” he asked.
“Huh?” The sixth-grade girl blinked several times before smiling complacently. “What? You want me to do it?”
She yanked herself upright and faced Haruyuki, placed her
hands neatly on knees clamped together, and made a cheery, innocent smile bloom on her face. “I love my big brother, too! I’m
so happy!”
She hadn’t activated this angel mode at the curry party five
days earlier, so he actually hadn’t seen it in a long time, and it had
a real impact on his mind. For a while, his upper body was frozen

while he whipped his head back and forth.
“I—I don’t hate it, but that’s not what I meant. I was just wondering why!” The instant he said this, Haruyuki finally realized
that he already knew the reason. Not just why Niko wasn’t in
angel mode, but the reason she was making the sudden visit at
all.
He took a deep breath and held it in his chest for a while before exhaling. “A-anyway, that is…The reason you’re here…is obviously to talk about what happened in the Unlimited Neutral
Field yesterday, right?”
Niko’s face returned to normal, and she slowly leaned back
until she flopped up against the sofa back. She nodded, using the
reaction of the cushions to help her do it. “Well, there’s that too,”
she said somewhat listlessly. “But that’s a third of the reason.”
“Huh? Then what are the other two-thirds?”
“You know half at least. An apology. Gotta apologize.”
“An apology. You mean to say you’re here to say sorry?”
“O’course! I mean, you think I’m here to get all wabi-sabi with
you and barley tea?”
“H-huh? Niko, you know about tea meanings and stuff?”
“Don’t go underestimatin’ me! I might look be a kid, but I was
in the tea club at school once!”
“Once…So then you’ve quit already?”
“Shaddap! I went all the way, mastered that stuff! So.” Perhaps
noticing that at some point she had leaned forward on the sofa
and leapt to her feet, Niko blinked several times before a wry
smile rose upon her lips. “Aah, honestly, I wonder why I always
get like this when I talk to you. Gets me all worked up. Before we

fly off on another tangent, first I’m gonna give you that apology!”
After this crisp announcement, Niko brought her skinny legs
together and slapped her hands down on her knees. Then she
bowed her head deeply, her tied-back hair and its small black ribbons swinging. “As Legion Master, I sincerely apologize for the
three members of Prominence who broke the cease-fire and attacked the Nega Nebulus area in the Territories today! I’m very
sorry!”
Haruyuki very nearly smiled at this apology, given the mismatch between the grandiose preamble and the cuteness of her
pigtails, but he hurriedly stiffened his mouth at the same time as
Niko lifted her face.
“Make sure you tell that to your little Blacky,” Niko added
smoothly, while he was struggling to figure out how to respond.
“Huh?! M-me?!”
“O’course! What’s the point of me apologizing to just you, at
the bottom of the Legion ladder?!”
“B-bottom…Th-th-th-then you should’ve gone to see her right
from the start instead of me!”
“Got no choice. This is the only place I know. Aah, c’mon, then
I take back the whole ladder thing and promote you to Mysterious Crow Man.”
“I-is that a promotion? Why does this hierarchy sound like an
evil organization—” He realized they were starting to get off track
once again, cleared his throat, and closed his mouth. Setting aside
what he wanted to say for the moment, he nodded. “Understood.
I’ll tell the Black King. But none of us, not me, not Kuroyukihime,
not any of the other Legion members, think Blaze Heart and the
others were unequivocally wrong in attacking our territory. They
had a motive that wouldn’t let them do anything else. So if possi-

ble, can you not punish them too harshly, Niko?”
“I was wondering what you’d say, and that’s where you start,
huh?” Chuckling, Niko clasped her hands behind her head and
nodded lightly. “Well, I obviously can’t let them off scot-free, but
I’m thinking I’ll leave it at double the number of attacks during
Enemy hunting next week. That said, though, I mean, me, the
head of Promi— Can I just be done with an apology in words with
no action to go along with it? That’s the question.”
“A-action? Meaning?” Haruyuki asked, suddenly turning
semiformal.
Niko glanced at him before stopping once more and bringing
her clenched hands to her chest and grinning broadly. “Whaaaat,
big brother, is there something you want me to do? Cleaning?
Washing? Or…”
“N-no, no, no! You don’t have to do anything! And I mean, it’s
’cos you keep doing that and putting us off track that the conversation goes in weird directions, right?”
“Weiiiird directions? Like what? I only said that I would help
with the housework, though? So then, you must have imagined
something weird. Big brother, you’re so kinky. ” She maintained the smile at the end for about two seconds, and then
smoothly shifted modes and continued. “That just now was good
for a ’pology accompanied by action, yeah?”
“U-unh…When you switch modes like that, it kinda makes my
head spin, though…”
“Then I’ll go a little faster for you! So, like, Crow…The real
issue is that incident in the Unlimited Neutral Field you started in
on before.”
“Unnnh, y-yeah.” He nodded, holding his head in his hands.

“Crow.” Niko, her face now completely the Red King, stared at
Haruyuki with a sharp light in her eyes. “You got an idea about
the truth of the situation, yeah?”
“Huh? T-truth?”
“…So, like, I don’t think that was the real Lotus riding on the
back of that Legend-class, either. I only saw it for a short time,
but the information pressure was totally different…”
Niko’s words kick-started Haruyuki’s thinking, and he quickly
summarized in his mind all the information he’d obtained so far.
According to Blaze Heart and her comrades, the Red Legion
had been hunting Enemies in the Unlimited Neutral Field the day
before—Friday—in a large group of more than twenty people, including the leader, Scarlet Rain. The location: Toshima area; in
other words, near Ikebukuro. There, a Legend-class Enemy with a
single duel avatar riding on its back appeared suddenly and attacked. The avatar immediately disappeared as if diving into the
surface of the ground, and Niko and her group just barely managed to run from the rampaging Enemy to escape through a portal. And the avatar riding the Enemy in question had jet-black
armor and sharp limbs like swords…
“Do you mean that the information pressure of the black
avatar you saw…was stronger than Kuroyukihime’s?” Haruyuki
asked, ever so timidly.
To his surprise, the Red King shook her head. “The opposite. It
was a fair bit weaker than Lotus. I mean, my eyes basically
couldn’t see the pressure.”
“Information pressure” was Niko’s personal scale for measuring the fighting power latent in a duel avatar and the battle experience accumulated through the ability Vision Extension. With
this power, she had seen that, of the Seven Kings of Pure Color,
the Green King, Green Grandé, and the Blue King, Blue Knight,

had information pressure that far surpassed that of the others.
But Niko’s words now were what was surprising, because if the
picture he had in his mind of the true identity of the fake Black
Lotus was right, that avatar should have also had an information
pressure on par with that of the Seven Kings.
“Y-you couldn’t see it. So then that means that the black avatar
was a level-one or -two newbie or something?”
“…Hmm, when you put it like that, I feel like that’s not quite it,
y’know. It’s like, even though they were there, they didn’t have a
real body…Something like that…” Mumbling for a while with her
arms crossed, Niko suddenly jerked her head up and glared at
him again. “Hey, Crow! The way you’re talking, you do have some
kind of idea, don’t you!”
“Uh, umm, ummm…” Pulling back slightly, he wrestled with it
for a few seconds, and then resigned himself. “Y-yeah. I’ll tell you.
Everything I know. But it’s gonna be a super-long story, so let’s
do it while we have supper…”
Haruyuki was about to ask if frozen pizza was okay, but without
letting him even start, Niko declared, “Curry!” Apparently, she
had very much enjoyed the homemade curry and rice that had
made an appearance at the curry party the other day (regardless
of what she had said about it), but this request was difficult in the
extreme.
“N-no, that’s impossible, Niko. I mean, that curry, it was basically just Chiyu and Shinomiya who made it and all.”
“I ain’t saying make the same thing. If you just chop up the
stuff, boil it, put in the roux, something’ll work out…I’ll help, too,
so let’s do it, big brother!”
And with that exchange, the mission began, and when they
had made it through the shopping phase and the cooking phase to

complete something curry-like, the hands of the analogue clock in
the living room had made it around to seven PM.
Once two large plates of rice—he managed to at least get her to
allow this to be from frozen stock—and a curry of only potatoes,
carrots, onion, and chicken were set out on the table, Haruyuki
double-checked something: “Um, Niko, today are you maybe…?”
“Staying over.”
“Y-you are?”
I’m so glad this didn’t clash with the sleepover with Kuroyukihime and Master yesterday! This earnest thought in his head,
Haruyuki joined Niko in a chorus of “Let’s eat.” He picked up a
spoon, got a good balance of curry and rice on it, and timidly
brought it to his mouth.
“…O-oh! This is actually…”
“…Huh. This totally works.”
Impressed, they dug in with their spoons at the same time. For
all that they had made a fairly simplified version of the preparation video displayed in the AR of the curry roux package, the fact
that it tasted like a proper curry seemed amazing, but also totally
natural.
After thinking about this, Haruyuki finally remembered the
present Niko had given him six months earlier at the time of the
Fifth Chrome Disaster incident, and he cocked his head to one
side as he scooped up a second spoonful. “Huh? But aren’t you
actually good at cooking, Niko?”
“…You can tell from just lookin’ at the carrot on that spoon I
chopped there! No big diff from your cooking ability. You trying
to pick a fight?!” Niko threatened to shift from Normal mode to
Red King mode.

“N-n-no!” Haruyuki hurriedly denied. “I mean, those cookies
you gave me before were super tasty, so…”
The instant she heard this, the furrow disappeared from the
middle of Niko’s brow, and instead, her cheeks got just a little
red. “D-don’t go saying that with a straight face! I-it’s that, right,
sweets are different. I mean, Pard’s almost a pro, so I learned a
bunch of stuff from her…”
“Ohhh! Is that it…”
Pard, aka Blood Leopard, the second-in-command of Prominence and something like Niko’s guardian, worked at a cake shop
in Sakuradai, Nerima Ward. Haruyuki remembered her dashing
figure riding her electric motorcycle still wearing her maid-style
uniform.
“So then Pard’s not just working the counter, but in the
kitchen, too? Wow. I wonder if she’ll go that way in the future.”
“Huh? What’re you talking about? Pard’s that shop’s—” For
some reason, Niko clamped her mouth shut and smiled with satisfaction. “Well, whatevs. Anyway, my cooking skill’s limited to
sweets, and just the easy ones at that.”
“But those cookies were incredibly crunchy, yet so moist! They
were really delici—”
“I’m! Telling! You! Enough of that. Just eat before it gets
cold!!” she shouted, and started moving her spoon rather forcefully.
Haruyuki looked at her for a moment, smiling without even
realizing it, before he, too, finally scooped up piles of chicken
curry and stuffed his cheeks. The carrots and the potatoes were
cut in awkward chunks and a little overdone, but it was several
times more delicious than whatever frozen dinner he would have
eaten by himself.

When they had both had another plateful, the small pot was
perfectly empty, so they worked together to clean up, took turns
in the bath, and finished their homework sitting alongside each
other on the sofa. Before they knew it, it was nine PM.
Haruyuki usually went to bed around eleven, but since Niko
was yawning mightily, he stood up, thinking that he’d go to bed
early that day, too. The following day was finally the school festival, so it was best to get a good night’s sleep.
“My mom won’t be home until tomorrow, so you can use her
room,” Haruyuki said.
“Wohaahkay,” Niko replied, with a second yawn in the middle,
wearing a long T-shirt instead of pajamas, and obediently headed
for his mother’s bedroom.
They said good night to each other in the hallway, and when
her small back had disappeared beyond the door, he let out a sigh
before going into his own bedroom on the opposite side. He set
the alarm clock by his bed with a voice command and flopped
down onto his bed. He used to take off his Neurolinker when he
went to bed, but recently, he’d been leaving it on a lot. He sometimes got calls from other Legion members while he was asleep,
albeit very rarely; upon answering, he would be basically halfasleep and give strange replies, but even so, he wanted to respond
to their calls. Haruyuki knew all too well the feeling of sudden
helplessness in the middle of the night and the desire for a connection with someone.
Thus, he turned out the lights, closed his eyes, and thought
that the voice he heard just as his mind was sinking over the edge
of sleep was an online voice call.
“Hey, you already asleep, Crow?”
“Ah…Mmm, mmm, I’m still awa…”

“…So then I wanna talk.”
“Shhure, go ahead…” Blinking his eyes in the darkness, he
waited for the conversation supposedly over the network to continue.
Fwump! The bed suddenly shook, and Haruyuki jumped
about three centimeters into the air in surprise.
“Nwah?! N-n-night-light on!” He hurriedly called for the
night-light and turned to the left, where he found the unmistakable form of Niko. She was lying on her side on the bed, supporting her head with her right hand, and glaring at Haruyuki with a
grumpy look on her face.
Maybe it’s not a voice call, but a dive call? Is that Niko’s
avatar? he thought with a head that still hadn’t reached full
wakefulness, and he started to reach out to try touching it, but
right before he did, he noticed the fresh scent of soap.
You couldn’t set a smell for your avatar. This scent was also
clearly that of the soap always used in the Arita bathroom, and
there was no reason why Niko would go out of her way to re-create it. Which meant…
“…Y-you’re real?”
“O’course.”
“…Wh-why…? Oh! Right, it’s okay. There are no monsters in
my mom’s room.”
“That ain’t it!” She slapped Haruyuki’s stomach with her left
hand. “So, like, when I think about it, you didn’t tell me the first
thing about what’s actually important?”
“I-important…?” After staring intently at Niko’s face illuminated by the indirect, gentle orange light for a few seconds,

Haruyuki finally remembered. He had indeed said a few hours
earlier, before they made the curry, that it would be a long story
so they should do it over supper. And that long story was about
the mysterious black avatar who had attacked the Red King with
a Legend-class Enemy.
“Oh. Oh! Right! That’s right!” He sat up in bed and instinctively sat in the formal kneeling posture before bowing his head.
“S-sorry! I forgot! I wasn’t trying to slip anything by you or anything. It was just, the curry was better than I thought it’d be, so I
sort of went into a trance eating it. Of course I’ll tell you. So, um,
anyway, we can just go to the living—”
“Too much of a hassle. We can do it here like this.”
Haruyuki was lifting himself off the bed when Niko cut him off
and flopped over onto her back and closed her eyes.
“Like this,” she says, but I mean…After a moment of internal
conflict, Haruyuki had no choice but to sit up again. Now that he
thought about it, they had slept next to each other in this very bed
five days earlier. And someone might say that this was fine since
it was the second time, but it was clearly not fine. However, given
that this was the Red King, he also had the feeling that he
couldn’t say no.
“All that said, I actually have a fairly good idea of it myself,”
Niko murmured abruptly, so Haruyuki put his thoughts on pause
and looked to his side.
Niko, red hair freed from her ribbons and spread out on the
pillow she had liberated from him at some point, moved her lips
with her eyes turned steadfastly toward the ceiling. “Not about
the fake Lotus, though. Just about their objective. Probably had
nothing to do with getting in the way of our Enemy hunting, or
with hunting me, neither. Their aim was probably…to watch.”
“W-watch…? You mean…observe?”

“’Zactly. More precisely, assess the battle power…of the main
power of Prominence, and of me, Scarlet Rain…” Niko’s face—the
second Red King’s face—was the most severe he’d seen it since
she’d appeared in the elevator lobby that day.
Haruyuki swallowed hard and then confirmed in a hushed
voice, “B-but, Niko, they said the black avatar in question dived
into the earth and disappeared before the fight began…”
“Yeah. They disappeared, but they prob’ly didn’t go anywhere.
They were watching us fight that Enemy from somewhere nearby.
Dammit! If I’d realized that right at the start, I wouldn’t have
used it…”
“Used it…? Wh-what?”
“My Enhanced Armament…The power of Invincible I’ve kept
hidden so far.”
When he understood the meaning of those words, Haruyuki
couldn’t stop himself from shivering. The origin of the nickname
Immobile Fortress for the second Red King came, of course, from
her massive figure when the many containers of weapons were
fully deployed. This aggregate, given the name Invincible, was a
collection of Enhanced Armament Niko had obtained gradually
each time she leveled up, assessed to currently be the greatest
long-distance firepower in the Accelerated World. Haruyuki had
also fought against or alongside Rain in Fortress mode any number of times, so he himself had tasted her overwhelming power to
an almost unpleasant degree.
But from what she was saying now, that full armament deployment was not Rain’s total power. She meant there was still something beyond that.
“Hidden…Power…What?” Haruyuki asked, unconsciously
leaning forward.

“Like I’d tell you, idiot,” Niko replied, naturally, but then continued with the faintest of smiles bleeding through. “That’s what I
wanna say, but it’s got a little to do with you, too, so…Look, six
months ago with the armor thing, you, me, Lotus, and the professor went to Ikebukuro and got caught in that ambush by the banana dude, right? That time, it was all fine that I called my Enhanced Armament, but that yellow guy was sticking to me, making me look bad.”
“B-but we didn’t have any other choice. With that many people, I mean, what were we—?”
“You know this world’s a little bit rougher than that! Can’t just
say you didn’t have a choice and walk away! …So I went up the
mountain and did a little more training. Learning from you,
right…?”
“Training? Wh-what kind…?”
“Hints over! Anyway, yesterday, I used a secret trick to get my
comrades away from that hella massive Legend-class Enemy, and
they saw it. Worst case, they even recorded it.” She closed her
mouth there and rolled over to face Haruyuki directly. “That’s all
I got. So now you’ll tell me your story. About the true identity of
that fake, shadowy Lotus.”
“…Right, got it. At best, this is a guess, but…” Haruyuki moved
to cancel his formal seating mode, but his legs were already
asleep, and he just fell over. He thought about trying to get up
one more time, but since Niko didn’t seem to particularly care, he
stayed on his side on the bed, took a deep breath, and said it:
“The name of the black duel avatar you saw is Black Vise. He
calls himself the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, the group distributing the ISS kits in the Accelerated World.”
“…Black Vise…,” Niko repeated quietly, and Haruyuki stared
intently at her face.

He had his reasons for keeping Vise’s name from Niko and
Pard up to that point. He didn’t want to…and he was scared. That
they would think that layered avatar with the same “black” color
name had even the slightest relationship with his beloved Black
King.
“Niko.” Unable to stand the silence, Haruyuki opened his
mouth again. “Do you know if a number of avatars have had the
same color-name in Brain Burst…?”
“…Far as I know, never been any with the same color crown, at
least. Crow, you see this Black Vise’s name on his health gauge or
the matching list?”
“Uh, um…” He went back through the encounters he’d had up
to that point in the back of his mind before shaking his head in
small increments. “I didn’t. I’ve basically only run into Vice in the
Unlimited Neutral Field. The one exception was the Hermes’
Cord race, but when he showed up that time, he disappeared
again right away, so his gauge didn’t show up. None of us in Negabu have seen Vise’s name in a system display.”
“Hmm, right. So then, as one possibility, the name Black Vise
could just be what he calls himself rather than his real avatar
name.”
“Whaaat?! You mean…he just went and took ‘black,’ a pure
color for his name?!”
“If that’s true, it’s more than just naming himself. It’s on the
level of taking a title.”
Tch! Niko clicked her tongue lightly before she turned her
sharp gaze past Haruyuki’s bulk. Following her eyes, he took in
the complicated shadows the pale light of the night coming in
through the window cast upon the built-in bookshelf. He brought
his gaze back and started to explain again.

“…Black Vise can freely change the shape of the thin panels of
his body and has the ability to create shadow images of other
avatars. I was almost fooled by him when he took on the shape of
Kuroyukihime. And he also has the ability to sink into any
shadow in a stage and travel freely within it. So what you guys
saw, this avatar jumping from the back of the Enemy and piercing
the earth—”
“Wasn’t him opening up a big hole in the stage, but just sinking into the shadow. That it?”
“Yeah. So I think it’s plenty possible for him to have moved
through the shadows and observed your battle from up close. On
top of that, with the power of his brain implant chip, he can voluntarily decelerate his perceptions. So I think he was waiting to
ambush you guys in the Unlimited Neutral Field.”
“Is that…right. So it was that…Acceleration Research Society.”
Niko nodded, and the tension gradually drained from her body.
She flopped over onto her back, and after a few seconds, she
started to speak in a murmur. “…So the color crown stuff from
before. I…I’ve thought about this a whole bunch of times, y’know.
Like, if there’s not some kind of item that can change your color.”
“Ch-change your…color…?”
“It’s not like I’m bored of long-distance attacks, so I wanna be
blue, or I wanna be yellow ’cos I wanna give support or anything.
It’s just…like, if my color was just a little more concentrated,
y’know. From Scarlet…to pure Red.”
“N-Niko…?” Haruyuki was so stunned, all he could do was say
her name.
The color given to a duel avatar was not randomly decided by
the system. The BB program pulled up a deep image of yourself
and represented that as a single color. Thus, the color name was,
in a certain sense, equivalent to a real name for a Burst Linker.

And Niko had basically just said she rejected the color of her own
heart.
Now she curled up on the bed and hung her head. Her lips
trembled, and then an even fainter voice spilled out from them.
“…Six months ago, to liberate the Armor of Catastrophe, the Yellow King called me out and tried to banish me from the Accelerated World using the level nine sudden-death rule. What do you
think his reason, his motive was…?”
“That’s— So that he can get to level ten himself, of course…”
“Prob’ly not. No matter what he says, in his heart, he doesn’t
want to go near level ten. He was just hunting me because I’m an
eyesore. That’s all.”
“But…Prominence and the Yellow Legion, CCC, are in the west
and east of Tokyo. You guys don’t even have any adjacent territory.”
“What’s in his way is not Promi, but me personally. Radio—he
can’t stand it. That I—not Red, but Scarlet—would call myself a
King of Pure Color. And probably, the other kings more or less
think so, too.”
“Th-that’s—” Haruyuki rose up slightly and earnestly shook
his head. “Kuroyukihime would never, ever—”
“Yeah, Lotus’s the exception.” Niko smiled faintly, wryly, and
touched the fingertips of her left hand to Haruyuki’s chest as if to
reassure him. “I mean, she tried to hunt the whole lot of ’em, so.
She’s amazing. Really something…”
On the verge of disappearing, this voice shuddered violently.
She pressed her small hand gently against Haruyuki’s chest and
gripped the T-shirt he wore instead of pajamas.
“…Me taking the position from my predecessor to become the

head of Promi was half me yanking myself up. But I don’t regret
it. The Legion’s only got good kids in it, and thanks to Promi, I
met Pard. So I…I want to protect Promi, protect Nerima area.
But…But…” Here, Niko cut herself off and slid across the sheets
to press her forehead firmly against Haruyuki’s chest. “…Even I
know it already. I-I’m weak!”
This voice, so painfully squeezed out, shot through Haruyuki’s
heart. He desperately reached out a hand and wrapped it around
Niko’s slender shoulder. “Th-that’s not true. You’re so strong,
Niko. If you weren’t, you’d never have made it to level nine…”
“I made it, which is why I know. If I seriously went one-on-one
with them—not just the originators Knight and Grandé, but even
Thorn or Radio or Lotus, I—I couldn’t win.” Niko lifted her face
and turned damp eyes on Haruyuki before continuing with a look
that smiled through the tears.
“…I’ll tell you something. When the Armor of Catastrophe took
over Cherry six months ago, I used some forceful means to crack
you in the real and get into the house. To have you catch the
Armor with your flight ability…But it wasn’t just that. I—I was
freaked out to the bottom of my heart at the re-formed Black Legion, at the Black King coming back to the Accelerated World. I
figured if she was gonna attack, the first place she’d go was Nerima. And if the Black King came after me herself, there was no
way I could win. So. Crack Silver Crow in the real when you were
still low-level. Try to make it so she can’t attack, get some insurance. That’s the cowardly, cheap way I was thinking.”
From her wide-open eyes, a fat tear finally spilled out. Even
so, the self-deprecating smile remained on her lips, and Niko
added in a thin voice, “And then…And then, so, like. You and
Lotus, you’re both good kids. You actually listened to me, let me
stay over here. You ate with me, played video games with me,
slept beside me. I was super-happy, relieved. But I’ve been lying
to you and Lotus ever since that day. Putting on a show of being
strong, talking like we were equal. But the truth is, I’m not a pure

color, I’m a fake red. I’m just the same as he is, giving myself the
title of king!”
“N-no, you’re wrong. You’re totally wrong!!” Haruyuki shouted
as he wrapped his other hand around her slender back and pulled
her to him. “Niko, you’re not a fake anything! You’re strong and
braver than anyone! You’re an amazing leader for your Legion! I
mean, Blaze and them that we met in the Territories today, they
all had total faith in you; they adored you. There’s no way a fake
could inspire that.”
“But I, like, I can’t protect them!! I couldn’t even protect
Cherry, my own and only parent!!” Niko gave a blood-curdling
shriek, and she pressed her face into Haruyuki’s chest again. The
small fists clutching his T-shirt were clenched so tightly that they
threatened to crush themselves. “…I feel it. Something’s about to
happen in the Accelerated World. Something bigger than the ISS
kits, bigger than the appearance of Metatron. I mean, the mutual
nonaggression treaty between the six major Legions probably
won’t last forever. If…Radio and the other Kings seriously tried to
crush me and Promi again…”
“Even still…Even still, you wouldn’t lose! Isn’t that why you’ve
worked so hard to get an even greater power than your Invincible
Fortress Mode?!”
“If level nines seriously tried to kill one another…at the end of
the day, all the rules go out the window. It would turn into an Incarnate free-for-all. You know it too. I can’t use an attack-type Incarnate technique. What produced my duel avatar is fear. I wrap
myself up in a shell of weapons, like a hedgehog, and desperately
try to get my distance from the outside world. That’s my true nature. No matter how I enhance my range or my ability to flee with
Incarnate, it’s— I totally can’t beat their destructive Incarnate
with that.”
Niko’s tone gradually weakened as she reached the end of the
sentence. The tension ran out of her left hand, and she let it flop

down onto the sheet. She clasped her knees to her chest and
curled up into a ball as if trying to withstand a sudden chill.
Although he wanted more than anything to say whatever it
took to cheer her, Haruyuki’s mouth was too stiff to move. Niko
had indeed told Haruyuki and Takumu that the only Incarnate
techniques she could use belonged to the range and movement
expansion categories; she could never learn attack or defense expansion techniques. And in fact, Haruyuki was the same. Of the
Incarnate techniques he had currently obtained, Laser Sword and
Laser Lance were range expansion and Light Speed was movement expansion; he couldn’t use a single technique to enhance
his attack or defensive abilities.
Despite this—Haruyuki took a deep breath and said, “…Then
I’ll protect you.” The slender back under the palm of his right
hand trembled slightly. “If you get into a jam, I’ll come flying.
Anytime. And I’ll knock whoever it is flying with a destructive Incarnate that’d make an originator shake.”

“…Can you use somethin’ like that?” Niko asked, her voice so
faint that if they hadn’t been pressed up against each other, he
couldn’t have heard it. But even so, it had just a little of her normal swagger back.
“Nobody can beat me when it comes to negative power! A giga
terrorist technique that’ll massively blow up an entire duel stage,
not to mention a king, to force the whole thing to an end. Well,
I’m going to develop it, anyway…”
“So, like, you’re prob’ly gonna drag me into that, too,” Niko
muttered, slowly relaxing her curled-up body and lifting her face.
Her eyes were red, and there were more than a few droplets of
water resting on her eyelashes, but there was a faint smile on her
lips, too. She raised a hand and pinched Haruyuki’s cheek lightly.
“…You really are a simple one, huh? What if I was fake crying,
and it was all a plan to get you to switch sides to Promi?”
The instant she said that, grinning, a silver light tumbled from
her eyes. There was no way these droplets, as beautiful as gemstones, were fake tears.
However, she only showed him her crying face, which made
her look her actual age, for an instant. Releasing his cheek, Niko
closed the fifteen-or-so-centimeter gap between them to zero
without a moment’s hesitation. The tips of the toes of her bare
feet touched Haruyuki’s legs, and her smooth forehead was
pressed against his left cheek.
“Huh? Uh, um, uhhh.” Although this wasn’t the first time
they’d slept in this bed, they’d never been in close contact like
this, so Haruyuki belatedly raised a tense voice in alarm. But before he could say anything else or move, he heard, “…Thanks.”
The voice came to him with the movement of her lips and sank
into his insides. His head suddenly grew quiet, his rising heart
rate calmed back down, and finally a strange tranquility en-

veloped Haruyuki. “Y-yeah,” he responded, not sure himself what
he meant by that, and he brought his right hand to her unbound
hair in an unconscious movement, stroking it gently.
Niko relaxed even more, and murmured in the most natural
voice, “I can’t even tell this stuff to Pard. Sorry for barfing all this
up on you.”
“It’s okay. If you just need someone to talk to, I’m here anytime. Oh, of course, when I said I’d protect you, I was serious,
though.”
“Heh-heh, I’m counting on you. For serious,” she replied,
laughter mixed into her voice, and then Niko looked up at
Haruyuki for just a moment before quickly bringing her face back
down. “As a thank-you for listening to all that, I’ll tell you a little
thing while we’re at it.”
“Huh? …What?” He cocked his head slightly to one side, and
unexpected words came back to him.
“The reason why me and Pard and the girls in Negabu look out
for you.”
“S-sorry?” He blinked rapidly in confusion, but this was actually a somewhat—no, fairly—interesting topic. Because it was true
that, each time the troop of girls in the Legion interacted with
him in a favorable manner, somewhere in his heart, he wondered,
Why someone like me?
But the words Niko uttered after a pause were also entirely unexpected. “Maybe you won’t get it if I just tell you in words, but…
us F-type Neurolinkers are always afraid when we’re in the real
world—just a little, but still. A different type of fear from what I
was talking about before.”
“A…fraid? Of what?”

“Yeah, right. Other people. Or more specifically, real-world Mtypes, I guess.”
“E-em type? You mean, guys?”
“Yeah. When we’re duel avatars in the Accelerated World,
we’re protected by hard armor. F-types and M-types all have
enough power to fight as equals. But once the duel’s over and we
return to the real world, that power disappears. The more hours
you spend as a Burst Linker, the more you end up feeling how
weak and helpless your real body is.”
“…Helpless…real body…” It was just as she’d said before: This
was indeed something Haruyuki had a hard time understanding
intuitively. Naturally, when he was in the real world, he dreamed
of being able to fly the way Silver Crow did. He might have even
wished he were as strong as Crow. But that wasn’t a serious thing;
it was a simple fantasy.
No. That’s not right. That day when he had accelerated for the
first time in his life, he had wanted it so, so badly.
After learning about the miraculous power of the BB program
from Kuroyukihime in the lounge of Umesato Junior High, the
first thing Haruyuki had asked about was whether he could win in
a fight if he used Brain Burst. At the time, he had desperately
wanted to beat down the boy who was bullying him so cruelly. He
had asked this precisely because he was painfully aware of how
helpless the real him was.
If Kuroyukihime hadn’t quickly ejected those delinquents,
Haruyuki might want that even now. To be able to fight like Crow
in reality, too. And he might have lived in fear because of the fact
that he couldn’t.
Once he had thought things through that far, Haruyuki finally
saw the current situation in a new light. He swallowed hard.
“Uh…So, Niko, right now. You have that fear of me, too…?” he

asked timidly.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m trying to say.” Fortunately, Niko didn’t
pull any “Big brother, you’re scary”–type mode changes that were
so bad for his heart; in fact, she patted his cheek. “…You basically
don’t make me afraid at all. And I think it’s prob’ly like that for
Pard and Lotus and Rake and Maiden, too. And this, it’s pretty
incredible, y’know? I mean, at school, just ending up alone with a
boy for some weird reason is enough to make me nervous. Even
though I know in my head, he’s not gonna do anything to me, it’s
still no good.”
“…You’re scared even with the social cameras…?”
“Yeah. You can’t not feel it. The fact that I’m not protected by
armor, that I don’t have special attack or Enhanced Armament or
anything at all—that fear just gets bigger the more time you spend
in the Accelerated World. At any rate, maybe you just always end
up having fear wrapped around you when you’re in the real
world.”
“Th-that’s…” Haruyuki earnestly fumbled to say something
that would ease Niko’s fear, even if just by a little. But the “Niko,
you’re strong” that he’d repeated over and over before wasn’t encouraging or meaningful in this context. It was precisely because
she had gained such impossible power in the Accelerated World
that she felt this unease in the real.
Haruyuki opened and closed his mouth over and over again
until Niko, watching, started giggling happily for some reason.
“It’s okay. You don’t have to say anything. I told you before,
you’re the only one I’m not afraid of. And it’s not just that. When
I’m with you—when I’m with Haruyuki, the fear built up inside
me just gets smaller. When I stick to you, I feel safe. The frozen
negative Incarnate…it’s like it gets purified into a warm light…”
“……Um…” Haruyuki no longer had the slightest clue about
how he should react.

“I’m sure the old hands of Negabu gotta be feeling the same
way.” Niko leaned in as if she were entrusting her whole body to
him. “At the curry party the other day, I mean, their faces…Their
guards were completely down, they were all happily laughing. I
mean, come on.”
“…W-were they…?” He had been totally unaware of this, and
he could only recall moments of harsh severity with Kuroyukihime and Fuko, so he cocked his head to one side. After thinking
about what Niko had said for a while, he furrowed his brow. “Um.
So then, Niko, does that mean from the look of me, I’m the absolutely safe and totally harmless character?”
In that case, what did that really say about him as a real Mtype? He had just started to have uncharacteristic thoughts like
this when Niko stretched out both hands and clapped his face between them.
He expected her to yank his cheeks out to either side as hard
as she could, like always, but Niko kept her hands as they were
and smiled peacefully. “That’s not it. I’m talking about what’s inside this round head. Your mind. It’s ’cos we know you’re always
thinking of us for real with everything you got that we feel safe
with you. I mean, I’ve even thought this— Someday, I gotta thank
you properly. That idea.”
“Th-that’s—I mean, I’m not actually doing anything.”
“It’s fine. As long as you stay close, that’s enough. So don’t go
changing on me, ’kay? Even after you go up levels and get to be a
high ranker, you just stay the way you are. And…like, if I someday
—” She cut herself off there and moved the hands on Haruyuki’s
cheeks down to his neck. Then she brought her face closer and
touched it to him like she was trying to listen to his heartbeat before she closed her eyes, a smile still upon her face.
When we wake up tomorrow morning, Niko will probably be
the same old Niko. She’ll be back to the absolute power of the

Red King, not showing me the slightest weakness, much less
tears. But I won’t forget. Niko’s the Red King, but at the same
time, she’s a girl two years younger than me. And I promised to
protect that Niko.
Haruyuki carved this into his heart as he peacefully sank over
the edge into the rising waterline of sleep. When he closed his
eyes, he heard a faint breathing in his ear. As he listened to it, his
thoughts started to expand, and immediately before they faded to
black, the source of the sound shifted a little, and he felt like
something was touching his cheek. But Haruyuki didn’t know
whether that was a dream or not.

7
Haruyuki bathed in the refreshing morning light and the faint
breeze, breathing it in. It was as though the rainy season had
ended without waiting for the announcement from the meteorological agency.
Right outside his condo building was the sidewalk of Kannana
Street. This was the time of day when, normally, the wave of people heading toward Koenji Station would have been unbroken,
but today, it was deserted. Because it was Sunday, of course.
Instead, beside Haruyuki was a redheaded girl who appeared
to be only yet half-awake. He watched her as she yawned spectacularly, charmed, and then was suddenly faced with her glare.
“Don’t just go starin’ at a lady yawning.”
“I-I’m sorry—”
See! Same old Red King! Haruyuki tucked his head back into
himself.
“So then hand it over already.” Niko thrust out her right hand.
“H-huh?! A yawn-viewing fee?!”
“Nooooooot that! Obviously, the invite pass for your school
festival!”
“Oh! R-right— Wh-whaaaaat?! You’re coming?!”
“I said that first thing yesterday! The reason I came to your
place at all was one-third to apologize for the Territories, one

third to ask about the attempted EK…”
“…So the last third was the school festival—?”
“Yes! C’mon, hurry up! Two passes!” Niko dexterously waggled
the first two fingers of her thrust-out hand.
“Huh?” Haruyuki was forced to blink rapidly once more.
“Two? You and who else?”
As if on cue, in the opposite lane of Kannana, an actually cool
motor sound passed by, drawing a line between itself and the energy-saving EVs. He reflexively turned his gaze that way and saw
a familiar deep red. The source of the sound disappeared from his
field of view for a moment but then made a high-speed U-turn at
the light just ahead and came north in the lane on this side of the
road.
Vrrrruun. Stopping in front of Haruyuki and Niko, regenerative brake echoing through the air, was a large electric motorcycle
Haruyuki had ridden before. The rider in a sports bike jacket and
jeans was, of course, the deputy of the Red Legion, Blood Leopard.
Pard popped up the visor of her helmet with her left hand and
waved her fingers at Haruyuki and Niko. “Hi.”
“G-good morning.”
“Morning, Pard. Sorry, I shoulda waited for you on the other
side.”
“NP. It’s this country’s fault for still driving on the left.” After
casually criticizing the system, Pard extended a hand to
Haruyuki. But she didn’t mean for him to jump on the back, of
course.
Each student was given three invitations for the Umesato Ju-

nior High festival. Haruyuki had already given one to Rin Kusakabe, but he still had the others, since he had no one to give them
to. He had actually thought about inviting Niko and Pard, but
then he’d heard about the attack on the festival at a school in
Shimokitazawa in Setagaya Ward—naturally, in the Burst Linker
sense—and he had put off making any decision until the very day
was upon them.
But when he thought about it, the leader of the attack group,
Magenta Scissor, had announced she would invade the east from
Setagaya Area No. 2, and Umesato Junior High, being due north,
was basically in a totally different direction. The possibility she’d
be targeting the school festival that day was vanishingly small.
The remaining issue was what the reaction of the other Nega
Nebulus members would be when they found out that, in addition
to Rin, he had invited Niko and Pard. But it was possible they
would be delighted at the unexpected faces visiting the school,
wasn’t it?
No, no, thinking about it, he couldn’t say it was a certainty that
the school festival would end with all of them meeting each other
in the real. After all, Kuroyukihime, Chiyuri, and Takumu would
have their hands full with the booths and presentations of their
own groups.
The moment his wandering thoughts reached this place,
Haruyuki nodded with a somewhat stiff smile and ran his fingers
across his virtual desktop.
Since, legally, they couldn’t all three of them ride, no matter how
big the motorcycle was, they decided to meet up again at the festival once it started, and Haruyuki went to school on foot.
Normally, there would still be a slight sleepiness left in the
core of his head, but that day, his head was clear because he had
gotten up early to tweak the class display files, and that early rising was topped off by the excitement of the festival itself. He

walked slightly faster than usual, along a sidewalk that felt different from the usual weekday style, and once he crossed Oume
Highway and proceeded a little farther, the front gates of his destination, Umesato Junior High, came into view.
The festival gates rose up immediately inside the pillars of the
main gate, the painstaking work of the group that made them,
composed mostly of the school festival committee. The theme
that year was “time,” and to go along with that, the design took on
a motif of an analogue clock face. Made out of gold synthetic
paper, it looked spectacular, but the team that made it was probably breathing a sigh of relief that it was sunny that day.
As he approached the front gates, several groups of students
were waiting for their turn to have memorial photos taken. Normally, saving screenshots of your field of view on school grounds
was prohibited (naturally, Kuroyukihime managed to be exempt),
but on that day, it was allowed in certain areas. Haruyuki walked
along, carefully watching for the right moment to quickly slip
through once the group of boys lined up inside the gate was done
taking their pictures.
“Oh! Arita! You get in here, too!” someone shouted, and he
very nearly tripped and fell.
When he looked, he saw a tall boy with a shaved head waving
his right hand. It was a member of the basketball team from his
class named Ishio. Around him were also the sporty guys from
eighth-grade class C, and inwardly, Haruyuki screeched. But over
these last few months, Haruyuki had gained the mental strength
to not simply run away right then and there…he thought. Probably.
Bracing himself, Haruyuki shouted “S-sure!” as he ran toward
the gate. Ishio and the others had apparently wholeheartedly embraced the festival feel at that early hour, and when Haruyuki
joined their ranks, they shouted, “Yay!” and flashed peace signs.
Somehow managing to produce a smile and the same pose,

Haruyuki traded places with the picture taker and took a picture
of his classmates, and then they exchanged images.
“The basketball team’s doing a free-throw game. Come by
later!” Ishio shouted.
“I’ll be there!” Haruyuki replied, then he broke away. As he
walked toward the entrance, he let out a long sigh.
His first task was to launch and do the final check of the class
exhibit program in his classroom. The school festival started at
nine thirty, so he’d go and meet Niko and Pard at the front gates
then. Rin Kusakabe was supposed to arrive at the school by ten,
so they’d meet up with her, and then he’d take them to the crepe
booth that Chiyuri’s girls’ track-and-field team was running.
Here, Haruyuki finally realized that with this timetable, Rin
and Niko and Pard would inevitably have their first meeting in
the real. Naturally, he would have to introduce the two sides, but
what exactly was he supposed to say? If he explained with something like “This is Ash Roller from GW. And these are Scarlet
Rain and Blood Leopard from Promi,” the air would instantly
freeze. And it wouldn’t stop at that. Most definitely not.
That said, it definitely wouldn’t fly for him to show one of
them around and leave the others to their own devices. The only
thing for him to do was come up with some way of introducing
them so that each didn’t realize the other was a Burst Linker.
“…So then I guess all I can say is we’re friends. Saying ‘gaming
friends’ might even be too risky. So then curry friends. No, no…”
He considered the problem intently as he changed his shoes and
started to walk down the hallway toward the first school building,
and then someone tapped his back lightly from behind.
“What are you so troubled about on the day of the school festival, Haruyuki?”

“Um, it’s just I handed out invitations without actually thinking ahead.”
“Oh? To whom?”
“Right, one to— Wait, waaah?!” He visually confirmed the figure of the student council vice president walking alongside him
and jumped slightly before quickly bowing his head. “G-good
morning, Kuroyukihime!”
“Mmm, morning. So then who did you invite to the festival, I
wonder?” Kuroyukihime posed the question once more, grinning.
“Uh, um…,” Haruyuki replied, a fairly stiff smile spreading
across his face. “I-I-I’ll introduce you later! A-a-anyway! Have
you finished getting ready with the student council?”
“Mmm. Well, I suppose. We’ll be revealing our program at
two, using the entire school grounds, so do come see it if you can.
With your mysterious friends.”
“Y-yeah, we’ll definitely be there.” Haruyuki nodded, and it
seemed like Kuroyukihime would be kind enough to put the matter of the invitations on hold for now.
She gave his back a little push to change directions before
stopping in a corner of the hallway and then cleared her throat
lightly. “I was going to notify the Legion members with a mail or
something later,” she said in a slightly hushed voice. “But in the
event that we’re attacked today by a new Burst Linker or an ISS
kit user, don’t go out of your way to fight. All of us will be in the
Gallery, so we can identify the enemy position from the guide cursor and crack them in the real. Naturally, if you’re in the Gallery,
make sure you don’t forget to check the guide cursor.”
“Right, I understand. But will there be an attack?”
“Mmm. I think the probability is vanishingly small, but…Actu-

ally, at the festival last year and the year before, not only was
there no attack, there wasn’t even anyone slipping into the local
net. But the rumor is that yesterday…” Here, she closed her
mouth briefly and leaned up against the hallway wall, turning her
sharp eyes to the south—toward Setagaya.
They were down to one hour before the curtain went up on the
school festival, and the air in the school was filled with an excitement that was a jumble of expectation and nervous tension.
Alongside groups running around with frenzied looks on their
faces, apparently still getting ready, fully finished, smiling students brought their heads together and peered at holowindows,
planning out what they would see first.
As for Haruyuki, he had spent the whole day of the festival the
previous year on tenterhooks, trying not to run into his bullies, so
he naturally intended to enjoy it to the fullest this year. But
Kuroyukihime’s words now concerned him, and his body stiffened up as he asked in reply, “Y-you can’t mean…an attack on a
school near Shimokitazawa again yesterday?”
“No, according to my investigation, there were no schools
holding their festivals yesterday. But it appears to be a fact that
Magenta Scissor and her subordinates appeared frequently in the
area. I can’t imagine they’d invade the territory of Great Wall for
no reason.”
“So then it might be reconnaissance for their next attack?”
“That’s possible, but schools with their festivals at this time of
year are fairly rare.”
“Normally, it’s in September or October, after all. I wonder
why Umesato’s is in June?”
“That’s a mystery with a long history of being dissected at our
fine school. One theory has it that the character for ‘ume’ is the
same as the one in the word for ‘rainy season,’ but if that were the

case, then that would mean they set the festival for the time of
year with the most rainy days, which is utterly absurd. But on the
other hand, although the festival is in June, the weather’s
strangely sunny, so that’s another fairly illogical thing—though
that’s not the point.”
She cleared her throat and got back on track before bringing
her beautiful face close to Haruyuki’s. “Basically, what I’m trying
to say is that, if there are very few schools holding their festivals
at this time of year, then we must consider the possibility at least
that Magenta and her group will bring their campaign to Umesato. And it appears that invitations were traded on the Net, albeit only a few.”
“What? But can’t they only be sent through an ad hoc connection?”
“You can get around a limit like that pretty easily. Every year, I
write an opinion letter that we should introduce resident net authentication and restrict invitations to family and relatives of students, but every time, it’s rejected by the administration. Well,
this year at least, thanks to the loose rules, we were able to invite
Fuko, Utai, and Akira, so I suppose that’s good.”
“Oh, good! You invited Master and the others!”
“Hmm? That’s an excessively happy look on your face, isn’t it?
I suppose I should ask now just who you invited,” Kuroyukihime
said with a hard look in her eyes, so this time it was Haruyuki
clearing his throat and getting the conversation back on track.
“Uh, um, at any rate, we should be careful of attacks, right! It
might be better to register tag teams for all the Legion members
in advance, huh? So I’ll be with y—”
“Me and Fuko, Akira and Utai should be good. We’ll have
Takumu team up with Chiyuri, so you team up with one of the
friends you invited.”

“R-right, understood.” He bobbed his head.
“Oh-ho.” Kuroyukihime’s gaze was icy. “So you did invite a
Burst Linker, and a student from another school at that. I’m looking forward to being introduced to them.”
“Nngh! Oh, that, it’s—” Easily caught in the leading question,
Haruyuki felt a cold sweat pop up all over when he was saved by
the nine o’clock bell. “Oh! I—I—I have to go do the final check for
the class exhibit! S-s-s-so then, I’ll be in contact with you later,
Kuroyukihime!”
“That you’re able to run away like that now, you’ve grown,
hmm?” Kuroyukihime evaluated him even more coolly, and then
smiled with wry exasperation. “Then I’ll see you later. I’ll definitely stop by and see the exhibit in grade-eight class C.”
“I-it’s nothing amazing, but I’ll be waiting for you! All right,
then!” Turning around after a final bow, Haruyuki dashed up to
the second floor.
The hallway in front of his classroom was decorated with plastic garlands and synthetic paper tape, divorced from its everyday
feel. Grade-eight class A was doing the school festival staple of
the haunted house, while class B was handling the café, so it
seemed like they’d have a lot of visitors with just that.
In contrast, Haruyuki’s class C was doing an exhibition entitled “Koenji Thirty Years Ago,” and the content and decorations
were the very definition of subdued. Because there were only
seven people left to take charge of the class exhibit, any kind of
major plan had been impossible right from the get-go; Haruyuki
felt sorry for the guests who would come to see such an unenthusiastic offering.
Thus, after getting the approval of the other members of the
group, Haruyuki had added a few tricks to the exhibit. He hurried
to the classroom and found that the other six had already gath-

ered there, and he was about to shrink apologetically into himself
when a voice came flying his way:
“Arita, you’re laaaate!” The shouter was Ikuzawa, the class C
representative. She belonged to the Calligraphy Club, but she had
also volunteered to help with the class exhibit, given how few
people were on that team. She was a very serious, good person.
And now she shook her head, hair tied off to one side, and
continued briskly, “You took the exhibit file home to make some
adjustments, so you’re the only one who can launch it, you know!
If we don’t hurry and check the operation, we won’t be in time for
the start of the festival, now, will we?!”
“S-sor—” Haruyuki started to apologize at full power when
someone patted his shoulder lightly. It was Oka, a boy with long
hair bleached right up to the edge of school regulations, who
proudly named himself a member of the Go Home Club.
“C’mon, Ikuzawa. I mean, he is late, but by thirty seconds.
Arita’s been busy, too, y’know. I went by the shoe lockers before,
an’ there he was with the student council vice pres—”
“Ah! L-let’s hurry and check the exhibit! Yes, let’s do that! I’ll
get it ready right now!” Haruyuki interjected with panic, and then
he looked around the classroom. All the desks and chairs had
been carried out, and in their place, a path in the shape of a C had
been laid out with large panels. The seven team members were
near the entrance of the pathway.
Having confirmed all this, Haruyuki reached a hand out to his
virtual desktop. He first uploaded to the local school net the file
he had just finished working on at seven that morning. He then
ran the AR display program, and a dialogue box popped up in his
field of view, asking him if he wanted to accept the connection.
The other six members of the group moved their fingers at the
same time as Haruyuki to push the YES button. There was a

whooshing sound effect, and then the look of the entire classroom
was overwritten.
The plastic tiles of the floor became gray asphalt road, the ceiling a bright and clear sunny sky. The walls to the east and west
disappeared and, along with the windows on the south side, were
transformed into a low guardrail. On the other side of that, a wide
road was depicted, and ancient buildings were generated in the
distance.
“Wh-whoa?!” Oka cried out, and ran over to the guardrail.
“Oh, don’t!” Haruyuki hurriedly called out. “That’s really just
the wall!”
He had made a warning window above the guardrail that said
THERE IS A WALL HERE to keep people from colliding with it, but
Oka pushed it aside like it was in the way, and cried out with delight, “Whoa! Cars’re driving! And they’re basically all gasoline
cars. Whoa! Isn’t that a 35 GT-R?! Sounds so cool!!”
When Haruyuki yanked earnestly at Oka’s shirt, since he was
still on the verge of colliding with an invisible wall, he heard the
voice of the class rep Ikuzawa behind him.
“I get it! You mapped 3-D graphics onto the walls and the
floor.”
“Y-yeah. If we’re gonna show old photos, I figured the background should be like that, too.”
“So then this is scenery from the 2010s?”
“It’s a mix from around 2010, yeah. I made it by putting all the
photos from the time you all collected into three-dimensional
software. The car noises are real data— Oh! You can also look at
the photos, of course.”
He let go of Oka and turned back toward the wall opposite the

guardrail. The large panels were also overwritten, changing into a
wall of weathered brick. When he touched the surface and operated the window, countless photos appeared in poster form—
scenes from the Koenji neighborhood from thirty years ago that
the members of the group had collected from their own homes or
from acquaintances.
Their initial plan had simply been to share an exhibition of
these photos with AR display on the white panel surface, but that
was a little dull, and Haruyuki had come up with the idea of overwriting the entire classroom. But when he actually executed the
idea, it was somehow…
“…It’s like the photos are the bit player and the background’s
the star now.” Ikuzawa put into words exactly what he was feeling.
“S-sorry for just doing this.” Haruyuki reflexively shrank into
himself. “If it’s in the way of the photos, I can put the background
back the way it was…”
“What’re you talking about? This is super-good!” It was Oka
who cheered now, still clinging to the guardrail. “I’ve driven old
cars in full-dive games, but seeing them driving along Oume
Highway, it’s so real! Cool! Hey, Arita, that’s an AE 86, isn’t it?!”
“Huh…? Which one?”
“The first one, obviously! I’ve never seen the actual thing, and
I mean, I know this isn’t real, either, but you could drive it!”
“G-got it. I’ll take a look in the data. But, before that, Ikuzawa
—” He turned back with the thought that he should talk to her,
but the class rep was no longer there. Together with the other
members of the group, she had moved over to the guardrail on
the south wall and was looking up at the town they could “see” on
the other side of the road.

He walked up alongside them and was timidly moving to start
a conversation when Ikuzawa raised her left hand and pointed to
the southeast. “Can you see it? That twelve-story condo over
there?”
“Huh?” He turned his eyes in that direction and saw an old
mixed-use building sticking its head up over the rest of the buildings, which were overall slightly lower than they were currently.
“Y-yeah. I can’t see the bottom, so I don’t know how many floors
there are, though…”
“It’s a twelve-story building. I lived on the tenth floor before.
We moved a long time ago, though, and they built a new condo
there.”
“Wow, you did?” Frozen in place, he could do nothing more
than offer this reply.
Ikuzawa turned her whole body toward Haruyuki. “Thanks,
Arita. I used the lack of people as an excuse and figured that if we
were going to do something for the class, then this’d probably do.
But like this, I just know visitors are going to be delighted.”
“Oh…S-so then it’s okay to use it like this?”
“Of course. Right, guys?” Ikuzawa asked everyone, and the
other members of the team showed their agreement verbally. Oka
alone remained pressed to the guardrail, crying out in delight
each time an old sports car passed with an explosive noise.
The tension drained out of Haruyuki’s shoulders, and with a
“Phew,” he turned toward Ikuzawa and the others and bowed his
head.
The opening time of nine thirty approached, and Haruyuki
stepped briskly out into the hallway to return to the front gates.
He finally had to tackle the difficult task of bringing together
Niko and Pard with Rin Kusakabe, but a different thought was in

his head.
What if he were a female Burst Linker? Even though he felt
like Oka was a pretty good guy, when he’d approached him, with
his slightly bad-boy air and his love of old cars, would he have
been afraid?
Haruyuki was thinking about this thanks to, of course, Niko’s
confession the night before: the idea that F-type Burst Linkers
who spent a long time in the Accelerated World were always
dogged by a sense of helplessness and, because of that, a very real
fear when they returned to the real world.
It wasn’t an idea he couldn’t relate to. Before, Kuroyukihime
had had a bristliness to her that kept people from coming over to
her, even when she was in the school lounge or the VR space on
the local net. Maybe the reason for that was a built-up fear due to
sealing away her duel avatar for a long time.
Niko had said that Haruyuki melted away that fear. Of course,
he was absolutely not aware he could do that. In fact, he felt like
he always had his hands full with just himself, and he did nothing
but fail at that, unable to pay attention to the people near him.
But he could swear this at least:
I’m not going to hurt Kuroyukihime or Master or the Legion
veterans or Chiyu or Taku, or Niko or Pard, and of course not
Rin Kusakabe, either. No way. I’m not going to be the reason for
their sadness. I’ll do whatever I can to make sure everyone can
have a smile on their face all the time. First and foremost, I’ll
make sure they have a super-good time at the festival today.
Telling himself this as he changed his shoes, Haruyuki trotted
across the front yard and approached the main gates. There, he
spotted the two members of Prominence, both in street clothes
with a keynote of red, to one side of the golden festival gates shining in the morning sun. He raised his right hand—and then froze.
Because a mere meter away from the two in red, he spotted a girl

in green coordinates.
He didn’t need to see the fluffy short hair or the pouch slung
across her body to know that it was Rin Kusakabe. The beloved
little sister of the Burst Linker belonging to Great Wall, Ash
Roller, and in a certain sense, Ash Roller himself.
Naturally, the Red Legion Promi and the Green Legion GW
had the mutual nonaggression pact between them. So the girls
wouldn’t have a relationship of open hostility, but that was based
precisely on a shared awareness of the fact that they were members of the six Great Legions. Currently, they didn’t actually know
that right beside them was another Burst Linker, did they? In
which case, the moment they found that out, it wouldn’t have
been at all strange if they started to duel.
I have to avoid that somehow, at least! Like a text or some
kind of message, get one of them to move away or something…The instant he had this thought, Niko and Rin, who had
been looking around at the spectacle in the area, both locked onto
Haruyuki at the same time.
They smiled in tandem and then raised their right hands in
sync as well, turning toward Haruyuki. And when they both
moved their faces at the same time, they stared for about two seconds at the person who was standing right next to them doing the
same action as they were.
Right then, Haruyuki was overcome with a super-sized desire
to flee, but he barely succeeded in fighting it back and braced
himself as he stepped forward. Now that it had come to this, his
only choice was to put the situation in order before something
happened between Niko and Rin. And wasn’t Kuroyukihime always saying, “Let the dogs beat a clever retreat”? Although, well,
she did occasionally mean a banzai attack with the premise of
dying in battle.
Aaaaaah! A powerfully cool battle cry surging up in his heart,

Haruyuki dashed over to the three girls and spoke with a broad
smile. Or more precisely, he tried to speak. “S-sorry to make you
wait! You’re ear—”
“Hey, Haruyuki, who’s this girl?”
“Um, Arita? Who. Might I ask. Is this?”
Showered in cross fire from Niko’s glare, infused with a deep
intensity, and Rin’s eyes, watery and trembling, Haruyuki stiffened up once more.
Standing in front of him, Pard murmured with a straight face,
“GL.” Good luck.
Now that it had come to this, all he could do was jump right into
it. In line with this decisive resolution, Haruyuki introduced Niko
and Rin as his “gamer friends,” just like he’d initially thought he
would.
The one who reacted first, who had visited the Arita house frequently, and who knew very well that there was only one game
Haruyuki was currently pouring his heart and soul into, was
Niko. Turning to face Rin, she snagged the thumbs of both hands
on the pockets of her cutoff jeans and jerked her chin out.

“Which is it?”
With just that, Rin also seemed to understand the true identity
of her interlocutor. Or maybe the two of them had sensed something right from the start. Either way, clutching the hem of her
light-green chiffon tunic, Rin replied in a tiny voice, “Um. Green.
And you?”
“Red. Hey, Haruyuki, lemme ask you, just in case.”
“Y-yes.” Her glaring eyes turned on him, Haruyuki nodded
without even the time to wonder at the fact that Niko was calling
him by name now. “What is it?”
“She’s not the head, right?”
“H-head?” He cocked his own head to one side before finally
understanding the meaning of the question as, “She’s not the
head of Great Wall, i.e., the Green King, Green Grandé, right?”
“N-n-n-n-n-n-no way! Sh-sh-she’s not! Totally not!”
“Hmm. Well, fine then— Nah, it’s not fine, but we’ll say it is for
the festival at least. You’ll be hearing about it from me later,
though, Haruyuki.”
“…Yes, I’ll happily accept that…” It was true that introducing
Burst Linkers from different Legions at a school festival and having them wait for him in the same place on top of that, forcing
them to be cracked in the real, was the height of carelessness.
Thinking he should apologize to all three once more, Haruyuki
looked at each of them in turn before bowing his head. “I’m really
sorry I didn’t think this through. If something bad happens because of this, I’ll take full responsibilit—”
But here a small hand reached out from his right and grabbed
hold of the material of his shirt. When he lifted his face, Rin’s
gentle smile was right in front of him. “You don’t. Have to. Apolo-

gize. I’m happy, too. To have more friends.”
“Whoa! Hey! What’re you doing there, Greenie?!” Niko
shouted and, of course, grabbed his shirt from the left and yanked
on it.
Pard, watching from a little ways off as Haruyuki moved from
side to side in confusion, laughed a rare laugh.
Once the introductions were over—Niko was “Niko,” Rin was
“Rin,” and for some reason, Pard gave her name as “Myah” after
thinking about it for a second—and they had assembled into a
peaceful four-person party, it was nine thirty, and the action committee chief announced, via a school-wide broadcast, that that
school festival was officially open.
Cheers and applause rose up throughout the school, and once
these had died down, the girls’ division of the AV club began the
live public broadcast, backed by some up-tempo music. The
broadcast was streaming via the local net rather than through any
speakers, so Haruyuki lowered the volume a bit with a control on
his virtual desktop and turned back to the three girls.
“Okay then, starting over. Welcome to the Umesato Junior
High school festival. I’ll be showing you around today. Is there
anything you’d particularly like to see first?”
“Crepes!” Niko, of course, shouted immediately.
“That’s not something to see, but something to eat…”
“Shut up! I didn’t have breakfast this morning, so I’m starving!
You’re the one who went and ran out of milk for cereal—”
“O-o-okay! Right, first stop, the track-and-field team’s crepe
stand!”
“I. Agree.”

“’Kay.”
So with that, Haruyuki first led his group toward the cafeteria
on the east side of the first school building. In the large space, the
long tables were all pushed up against one wall that day, and in
their place were several multicolored booths. There was also a refreshment area on the grounds outside, and that was the best
spot, but Chiyuri and her team had lost the lottery for spaces
there.
Still, despite the fact that the festival had only just begun, the
cafeteria was fairly crowded, and there were already several people waiting in line at the crepe stand his group had their eye on.
When Haruyuki and his charges queued at the back of it, a girl
wearing rabbit ears said, “Welcome!” and offered them a homemade menu with pictures, so he unconsciously turned serious
eyes on it.
Surprisingly, they had over ten types of toppings, but the
prices were all the same, so showing off his natural indecisiveness, Haruyuki set his eyes racing around the menu.
“Seriously, Haru? I know I said to come to the booth, but you
didn’t have to rush over here as soon as the festival started,” he
heard a voice say. Jerking his head up, he saw Chiyuri grinning
with fond exasperation on the other side of the griddle, a small
ladle in one hand. But just as Haruyuki anticipated, that expression vanished in about three seconds. Naturally, this was because
she had noticed Haruyuki’s companions. “Ohhh, huh, hmm. I
see.”
“No, it’s, that’s— It’s to build friendship between Leg…
groups.”
“Yeah, yeah, I got it. So. Are you ready to order?” Fortunately,
Chiyuri, also in rabbit ears, along with a white apron, quickly took
on her professional attitude again, so Haruyuki hurried to order a
chocolate banana crepe.

While Niko, Rin, and Pard chatted happily, Chiyuri fried the
crepe, and then the girl who was her partner piled toppings on
and handed the dish to Haruyuki, at which point he paid with the
allowance charged onto his Neurolinker. Once all four of them
had food, he checked to make sure there were no customers waiting and then went around to the side of the booth to ask Chiyuri
in a quiet voice, “Chiyu, what time are you done here?”
“Um, at eleven, I guess.”
“Eleven? Okay then, let’s all go see the kendo team performance at eleven fifteen.”
And then his childhood friend of more than ten years glanced
in the direction of Niko and the others before smiling with the
sense of “no choice, I guess” and nodded.
Taking advantage of the special privilege from being first to
the cafeteria, the foursome settled in at one of the round tables in
the lounge and dug into their crepes. Now that he thought about
it, Pard was a semi-pro pastry chef, and Niko was her apprentice,
so their bar for evaluating Western-style sweets would be pretty
high.
Haruyuki waited for them each to take a bite before asking
timidly, “How is it?”
Pard, aka Myah, nodded with a serious look and offered the
brief “GJ.” Niko just gave a thumbs-up with her left hand and
continued chomping away.
Relieved that the crepes had apparently passed, Haruyuki
looked at Rin to his right, who, in contrast with Niko, was bringing her simple strawberry crepe to her mouth bit by bit at a slow
pace.
A little worried, Haruyuki brought his face closer and said,
“Um, if you don’t like it, feel free to say so.” I can eat it for you,

he started to follow up, but then he would just seem like a glutton. That said, he was afraid to ask Chiyuri to remake it for her,
and his mouth was frozen half-open.
“Oh! No. It’s not that. It’s. Very, very. Good,” Rin answered
with her usual gentle smile, and then turned her gaze back on her
crepe, more than 70 percent of it remaining, and continued regretfully, “…I actually had too much. For breakfast. I thought I’d
be okay, but I guess. I’m pretty full. If you want, Arita, you can
have it…”
Rin offered the crepe with downcast eyes, and he reflexively
started to reach for it before falling into the nth freeze state of
that morning. The crepes weren’t plated, but rather rolled up into
cones, so Rin’s adorable teeth marks were cut into the goldenfried batter. He wasn’t sure whether there was a logical or moral
issue with overwriting that with his own large mouth.
Perhaps sensing this conflict, Rin opened her eyes wide before
saying in a vanishing voice, “Oh! I-I’m sorry. I didn’t. Think. But
you wouldn’t. Want to have something half-eaten.”
“Th-that’s not it at all! I’m totally fine with it, but I just wondered if it bothered you.”
“I-it. Doesn’t bother me. No, um, not in a bad way. So…here…”
Cheeks turning red, Rin proffered the crepe once more, and right
before Haruyuki could accept it, Niko’s hand snaked in from the
side and grabbed it.
“If you’re gonna do this little tedious dance, I’ll take it!” Niko
announced with a piercing look, and all Haruyuki could do was
say, “Go ahead.”
Niko snorted lightly and then annihilated the strawberry crepe
in a mere three bites, gulped down some water, and then shouted
as though she had just hit on the idea, “I’ll just say this now. It’s
not ’cos I’m the glutton character or anything!”

“So then which character are you?” Haruyuki sniped, enduring
the sadness of having been robbed of the treat.
It was Pard who answered, rather than Niko. “The jealous
character.” Face completely expressionless as always, the look in
her eyes softened. “And I’m the thickheaded character.”
“Wh-what are you talking about, Pa—I mean, Myah?! And just
how long are we gonna sit here anyway? Show us something already!” Niko stomped off, and Haruyuki and the others exchanged glances before going after her.
Having fortified themselves, the four of them decided to first
attack the exhibitions of the seventh-grade classes on the third
floor of the first school building and climbed the stairs in the
middle of the hallway. All three classes were actually quite serious, without a shred of playfulness to their festival offerings, so
the group took a quick look around, mentally apologizing, before
heading to the second floor.
In the haunted house of class A, Niko, positioned to
Haruyuki’s left, burst out laughing. Meanwhile, Rin, to his right,
clung to him with teary eyes. So, unsure of how to react,
Haruyuki slipped past the blackout curtain to the outside.
He couldn’t deny that class B’s cosplay café did tug at him a
little, but they’d just eaten those crepes, so they passed by the
café and headed for eighth-grade class C. They stopped at the
doorway, and Haruyuki struggled with how to broach the fact
that this was his own class—and not only that, but he was also
part of the team who’d put together this exhibit.
“This is your class, yeah?” Niko said smoothly.
“Y-yeah.” He wondered how she knew. “I helped put the exhibit together, but to be honest, it’s no big deal, so don’t expect
too much.”

“Goodness! Is that so?” He had heard the gentle voice before,
but it was a fact that this was not one of his party members, so
Haruyuki whirled around.
There, he found three people approaching from behind them.
The girl in a sky-blue dress with long hair was unmistakably Sky
Raker, aka Fuko Kurasaki. The girl whose hand she was holding
tightly—or maybe the girl whom she had captured—wearing the
uniform of the elementary division of Matsunogi Academy was
Ardor Maiden, aka Utai Shinomiya. And beside the two of them, a
girl in red-framed glasses stood quietly, wearing, as always, neutral clothing—this time, skinny jeans with a jersey shirt. That was
Aqua Current, who had only just formally returned to the Legion
the previous day…Akira Himi.
Seeing her strict but gentle parent Fuko, Rin clutched
Haruyuki’s shirt with her left hand. The Red King, Niko, shook
her head in exasperation at another close encounter with a foreign Legion, while Pard appeared to be staring at one of Nega
Nebulus’s Four Elements, while still standing tall next to Niko.
Haruyuki was curious about Pard’s reaction, but their unbalanced group of six bewitching girls and one round boy was drawing stares from the people around them, so he bowed his head
first at Fuko, with Rin still hanging from him. “Good morning!
Thank you for coming, Master! And welcome to you both as
well!”
“I’d go anywhere for you, of course, Corvus.” Fuko said these
disturbing words with a smile and then shifted her gaze slightly.
“But I had no idea Rin would be coming. To keep secrets even
from me—” Cutting herself off here, Fuko’s smile faded and her
brow furrowed. “Rin, you actually look a little pale.”
“Uh, um. I’m okay! I just. Ate too much with. Breakfast and
crepes.” Rin’s face in profile as she answered did actually look a
tiny bit too pale to be fine. But she was pale to begin with, and the
extra paleness could have been the hue of the white LED lights

they were standing under.
Perhaps Fuko came to that same conclusion. “Well then, we’ll
be in the way if we just stand here in such a large group. So why
don’t we first go in and view Corvus’s class exhibit.”
To start at the end, the guests—first three, then six—all seemed to
enjoy grade-eight class C’s “Koenji Thirty Years Ago.”
At first, just as class rep Ikuzawa had worried, 70 percent of
the time they spent inside was devoted not to the star of the show,
the photographs, but to viewing the 3-D graphics of the background; however, even in this, there was an unexpected joy. Rin
and Pard stood alongside each other and played at naming the
type of vehicle every time an old motorcycle went by. If this
turned into a stepping-stone to bridging the distance between
these two—meeting for the first time, and belonging to different
Legions on top of that—then it was worth the work he had put
into customizing the exhibit file.
When the group of six left the classroom after taking their
time to fully experience the simple time travel, they all turned to
Haruyuki and clapped for a second. Caught off guard, he teared
up a little, and Niko mercilessly teased him about that, but he was
sure that even this would be a good memory once the festival was
over—probably.
Thinking about this, he stood at the head of the group and
tried to move through the hallway down the stairs. At that moment…
“Oh! Prez! Hey!”
There was only one student at the school who called Haruyuki
by this job title. Turning around, Haruyuki returned the greeting
from this student whom he felt like he’d only very recently finally
become comfortable talking to: Reina Izeki.

“H-hey. Oh right, Izeki, you’re doing the class B—”
He had gotten that far when Reina’s hands clapped together
loudly to interrupt him. With her hands pressed together in front
of her face, Reina uttered, unexpectedly, “Prez, I’m seriously
sorry for skipping out on taking care of Hoo! Starting next week,
I’m totes gonna be there with bells on!” Reina bowed low, and her
long hair, with 50 percent more ringlets than usual, swung forcefully.
“Y-you don’t have to apologize,” Haruyuki said hurriedly. “You
had a lot to do getting ready for your class’s thing, right?”
“Yeah, but Hoo gets hungry every day, y’know? Just ’cos I
gotta do the festival thing doesn’t mean it’s okay to skip out. I’ve
been popping in to see Hoo’s face anyway on my way home, but
like, I just feel super-bad, you know?”
UI> PUTTING THAT KIND OF HEART IN IT, YOU’RE A WONDERFUL
ANIMAL CARE COMMITTEE MEMBER, IZEKI.
This text was displayed in the bottom of their fields of view, so
they turned around to find Utai smiling, both hands raised.
“Super Prez, you’re here, too! I’m def gonna take care of Hoo
next week—” She was about to apologize once more when she
snapped her mouth shut. She sent her gaze on a small tour, and
then looked at Haruyuki with an indescribable expression.
“Preeeez, all your guests are girls from other schools? Like, seriously, what’s up?”
“N-nothing’s up! Uh, um, so then, let’s give it our all with the
Animal Care Club next week.” Babbling, Haruyuki plotted out an
emergency escape.
But Reina smirked for some reason and cut him off. “You
came all this way and all, how about stopping in at our café?”

“N-no, uh, we just had crepes, so…” It was when he started to
say this, feeling that he should politely decline, that Haruyuki realized it: Class B’s project was supposedly a cosplay café, but
Reina was only wearing an apron that said “Café Animal Kingdom” over her Umesato uniform, which didn’t seem very much in
the way of costumery at all.
“You’re curious, yeah?” Reina grinned broadly, perhaps reading this thought on his face. She indicated the entrance to the
classroom with her left hand. Pushed this far, he couldn’t walk
away, and his interest was indeed piqued as to how exactly it was
cosplay. He looked back ever so timidly.
“I figured it’d end up like this,” Niko said, her whole body radiating exasperation. “So then, should we go?”
“’Kay.” The reason Pard immediately agreed was that she was
curious about class B’s café, given that she worked every day in a
maid costume. Or maybe not; it wasn’t clear.
The instant they slipped through the entrance—pushed onward by Reina’s “Table for seven!”—Haruyuki blinked his eyes
several times. The other waitresses also wore aprons over their
uniforms, and the neatly decorated classroom did have a fairly
real café atmosphere to it. And unlike class C and its reliance entirely on AR displays, the brick walls and wooden window frames
were printouts on synthetic paper pasted up, which must have
taken a fair bit of time. The four tables—student desks pushed together—also had tablecloths neatly laid over them. The reason the
café was named Animal Kingdom was apparently the stuffed animals of various sizes decorating the room.
Shown to a table big enough for eight, Haruyuki turned to
Reina and inadvertently offered an ill-advised comment. “The
decorations are amazing, but you couldn’t use AR textures for
this?”
“We thought that, too, right? But we basically used up all our

class resources, you know?”
“Huh? A-are you using AR somewhere?” He whirled his head
around, looking at the shop, but he couldn’t spot anything that
looked like it. If he had to describe his surroundings, he’d say it
felt like the back of the class was raised like a stage, and the student customers there were striking poses in groups of four and
taking pictures, but the background was just the brick wall, and
they were wearing Umesato uniforms. Reina and all the other
waitresses were also in uniforms with aprons.
But Fuko, also looking at the stage, nodded as if it had all
come together for her. “Oh, I see. Is that it, then? That’s why it’s a
cosplay café. That’s quite the interesting idea, hmm?”
“So, that’s like, you can take as many pics as you want with
one drink! Um, hmm, so what, what will you have?”
This conversation was incomprehensible to Haruyuki, but unable to question Reina further now that she was in full waitress
mode, he looked down at the menu on the table. He had no
sooner thought that it would be full of nothing but ready-made
soft drinks when he froze at the names alongside them. “Kitty
Prank,” “Lunchtime Lion.” According to the names, they were
original nonalcoholic drinks made from fresh juice and flavored
syrups.
After a bit of a commotion about this and that, they completed
their order—Haruyuki forced to get the Dusk Crow, Pard voluntarily choosing the Leopard in the Tree—and after a few minutes,
their drinks arrived from the kitchen set up in one corner of the
classroom.
Just when they were chattering and finishing their drinks of
various colors—the Dusk Crow was pretty good: black tapioca
pearls floating in mango juice—the photo stage emptied out, so
urged on by Reina, they stood up from their seats.

Apparently, the six girls had all figured out the mystery of the
cosplay café already, and they walked with certain steps, but
Haruyuki was still unsure. Although he stuck with everyone else
and moved to the stage at the end of the line, he cocked his head
from side to side, and his shirt was yanked on hard from behind.
When he turned around, Reina’s voice was quiet in his ear.
“Prez-wise, might be more fun to take pics than to have your
pic taken, yeah?”
“Huh? Oh…um, yeah.” It was true that rather than get up onstage alongside six girls, it suited him much more to figure out
the composition as the photographer. They could take a group
photo later, once they met up with Kuroyukihime, Chiyuri, and
Takumu. Haruyuki nodded and turned to Fuko and the others.
“Okay, so I’ll take the pictures! Get a little closer to each other in
the middle. Kusakabe, a little to the right. Okay, that’s good!”
He launched his field of view screenshot app, and in the moment when he was ready to shoot, a window appeared in the center of his virtual desktop with the words IT’S MAGIC TIME! At the
bottom was a YES/NO button asking for permission to add an AR
display. He furrowed his brow, wondering what the magic could
have been, but it seemed that the six onstage had expected this
development, and they all moved their fingers as one.
Given that, Haruyuki also raised his right hand and pushed
the YES button.
Pwaaan! With a loud noise, the stage was blanketed in rainbow-colored smoke. Naturally, it wasn’t real, but reflexively, he
threw his head back. After a few seconds, the smoke disappeared,
and the familiar faces of the lady Burst Linkers emerged from it
once more. But.
“Whaa—?!” Haruyuki threw his head back once more with a
shout. Because the appearance of all six had changed completely,
except for their faces, hair, and physiques. Instead of the street

clothes they had been wearing, their bodies were wrapped in fur
and feathers, and they had large ears on their heads and tails
sprouting from their backsides. To express it one phrase, it was as
though they had transformed with “animal magic.”
“…Oh, ohhh, so this is the magic time, then.” Finally understanding just half of the situation, Haruyuki focused on the six
people on stage once more. They had all transformed into different animals. From the left, Rin was a gray fawn, Fuko a blue sea
eagle, Utai a white ermine, Niko a pink rabbit, Akira a lightbrown beaver, and Pard a yellow leopard with black spots.
Staring blankly at the troop of girls happily assessing one another’s transformations, Haruyuki was visited by yet another
abrupt realization, and he cried out once more. “Oh! Did you all
maybe turn into the animals of the drinks we had before?”
“That’s exactly it. But I mean, that was written pretty clearly
on the menu,” Reina commented, rolling her eyes, and added as
though the thought had just struck her, “Prez, you’re like that,
yeah? One of those people who doesn’t read the manual when you
DL the game.”
“Th-that’s totally me,” he replied with an embarrassed smile,
and was reassured in his heart. The animal magic apparently
happened only onstage, so photographer Haruyuki was still in his
uniform, but if he had drunk a hippo something or an elephant
whatever and gotten up onstage with everyone, right about now
he would have been looking pretty pathetic. “But this is a seriously amazing AR program, huh? I mean, I think it’s pretty tough
to perfectly match up a texture on a moving body without using
markers.”
Getting over his surprise at the transformation, Haruyuki was
now curious about the technology. It was a fair bit more difficult
to do this than turn the walls and windows into the moving images he had revealed in the class C exhibit.

“I don’t really get the tough stuff either, but my brother’s a
buyer for this pretty big shop, right?” Reina said, half-bragging
and half-embarrassed. “So he borrowed this test program they
developed. And the stuffed animal data along with it.”
“R-right…” The word before “shop” that Reina had omitted
was probably not “video game” or “computer,” but something
along the lines of fashion. Haruyuki guessed this much and
bobbed his head up and down.
“Heeey, Prez. I don’t mean to interrupt your little chat, but
maybe you could get around to taking the picture already?”
At Niko’s voice, Haruyuki hurriedly returned his gaze to the
stage. “Oh! S-sorry! I’ll take it right now. So just stay like that,
and I’ll take three pics in a row!” he called back. Haruyuki
promptly pressed the shutter button on his camera app. A large
countdown from three was displayed in his field of view, and
when it hit zero, they heard a fake shutter sound.
Although it was a screenshot of his field of view, the Neurolinker in its current form didn’t have an eyeball sensor—it
couldn’t record what your naked eye was seeing as is, but rather
recorded the scene with small lenses built into the front and back
of the Linker. Thus, during successive shots, the cameraperson
had to remain as still as possible.
But when he had taken the first shot, he realized something
and very nearly dropped his head. Hurrying to fix his neck in
place again, he moved just his eyes to confirm it. In the window of
the dress-up AR program displayed at the bottom of his virtual
desktop, there appeared to be a button to deploy the options
menu. He touched on it casually, and a selection menu appeared.
Most of the choices had names like MILANO COLLECTION
SPRING/SUMMER 2047 or LONDON COLLECTION FALL/WINTER 2047,
and the whole thing did have the air of the fashion world about it,
which was incomprehensible to Haruyuki. Scrolling down to the

very bottom of the list, he found at item called ANIMAL FUR SUITS
with a check mark next to it to indicate the current selection. He
understood that it probably meant “stuffed animals,” so he gave a
mental nod of satisfaction before noticing that there was one
other item at the bottom of the list. The name was ANIMAL FUR
SUITS S.
…Super? Special? Strong? he wondered, furrowing his brow,
but this alone was impossible to hazard a guess at. The camera
finished taking the three pictures at that point, so he decided to
give this one a go, too, and lifted his finger to touch the item that
was maybe strong stuffed animals. A confirmation window
popped up, asking if he wanted to switch directly from the current outfit data, so he moved to press the YES button.
“Ah! Prez! Don’t!” Reina shouted at the same time as he
pushed the button.
A second later, a magnificent scream came from the stage—actually, the only one who screamed a scream-like scream was
Niko.
When Haruyuki lifted his face, he discovered that over 80 percent of the fur and feathers of the animal costumes had vanished,
and in their place, a bare skin texture had been pasted over the
figures of the six girls. This was nothing other than “animal-ish
swimsuits” or maybe “beautiful girls in beast-person mode in a
video game.”
“C-c’mon! Put it back!! I’ll knock your teeth out!!” Niko
shrieked with a furious look on her face.
“This. Is a little. Embarrassing.” Rin’s eyes filled with tears.
Akira and Pard stared at him silently with icy glares.
“…” “…”

“Oh my goodness! I’ll have to give you a teeeensy punishment
later, hmm?” Fuko commented with a smile, while Utai hid behind her, her face beet-red.

Seeing this situation on the stage, Haruyuki went into full panic
mode. Wheezing, he tried to put the outfit data set back to what it
was. But he was so flustered that he ended up waving both hands
around, and his left hand hit a different window on his desktop
before his right hand could get there.
After a count of 3, 2, 1 was displayed in his vision, the snap of
the shutter rang out.
It was only once everything was all over that Reina informed
him that the S in ANIMAL FUR SUITS S stood for Sexy.
Once the process of full-power apology and forcible photo deletion had been completed, it was exactly eleven o’clock.
They hurried back to the cafeteria to meet up with Chiyuri,
who had removed her apron but was still wearing the rabbit ears.
Thinking that he should be glad, very glad, that she and Kuroyukihime hadn’t been at the Animal Kingdom, Haruyuki led the
group, now eight people large, toward the kendo dojo.
On a sign hanging at the entrance, the words SAMURAI X DANCE
twirled and pranced around, fanning anticipation and concern,
but when they went inside, the standing-room-only seats were
basically full. They somehow managed to carve out space for the
eight of them and waited for the start of the performance in five
minutes.
During that time, Haruyuki glanced any number of times at
Rin’s face in profile next to him. Although she had seemed like
she was having fun when they were at the cosplay café, she did
actually seem to be talking less than usual. But the windows were
all covered with blackout curtains, and the lighting was lowered,
so it was dim inside the dojo, and he couldn’t tell if she looked
pale or not.
“…Um, Kusakabe. If you’re still not feeling good, just say so

and I can take you to the nurse’s office…,” he murmured on impulse.
Rin turned her face toward him and smiled. “Thank you. But.
I’m okay.”
“You are?” Haruyuki replied, but then felt the slightest sense
that something was off with Rin’s figure as she stood there.
Huh? He blinked hard, but at that moment, the lights in the
dojo were turned off completely. He could hear the low, heavy
sound of drums coming from somewhere. The volume gradually
increased, hit a climax, and then stopped abruptly.
An intense spotlight cut through the silence. At some point,
the dozen or so members of the boys’ kendo team, wearing kimonos, had lined up in bold poses with their arms crossed in
front of their chests in the center of the dojo. And the traditional
clothes were not the team kendo uniforms—they were the warrior-style navy hakama pants under the light-blue kamishimo
sleeveless jacket from the Edo era. They hadn’t gone quite so far
as to shave their heads save for a chonmage topknot, but they did
all have the traditional white hachimaki sweatbands tied around
their foreheads.
Standing in the center position of the front row was none
other than Takumu. For today only, he had taken off his glasses
and pushed his hair back, so there wasn’t a speck of the usual
professorial air about him. A shrill voice called “Mayuzumiiii!”
and Haruyuki unconsciously peered at Chiyuri to his left, but she
was apparently too worried about whether the performance
would go well to be calling out to Takumu.
Silence fell once more, and Takumu slowly uncrossed his arms
and brought his right hand to his left hip. Hanging there was neither a bamboo sword nor a wooden sword. He grabbed the hilt
stretching out from a black sheath and yanked it out with a
shannk to make a dazzling silver light dance through the air.

Naturally, it was not actually metal, but an imitation sword
made of plastic with metallic paint. But the way Takumu moved
gave it a sense of weight, so it looked like nothing other than the
real thing. Clutching the sword in both hands, he slowly raised it
up high above his head.
Then he froze, and just as the nervous excitement in the room
was about to snap, Takumu brought his sword down sharply, in
time with the booming of a large drum. After a pause, the other
members of the team also unsheathed their swords, brandished
them, and sliced through the air in perfect unison.
The group dance that followed was, in a word, stunning. Riding the beat of the large drum, the samurai stepped forward with
a battle cry, waved their swords, jumped, and turned. At times,
they were in perfect unison; at others, they staggered slightly as
they danced their hearts out.
At some point, the music turned into Japanese-style rock with
a good beat, and people in the audience started clapping along.
Haruyuki clapped his hands together along with them as he
stared at Takumu moving around and scattering drops of sweat.
He had probably gotten the center position because of his height
and good looks, but it might also have been because the rumors
were true and he would be the next team captain once the summer tournament was over.
Behind Takumu to the left, a small-statured samurai danced
with a very serious look on his face. Never taking his eyes off
Takumu, the boy seemed to be following his movements very intently. Seiji Nomi, formerly the Twilight Marauder, Dusk Taker.
He had been defeated in a sudden-death match in the Unlimited
Neutral Field and lost both the Brain Burst program and his
memory of the Accelerated World—he was no longer a Burst
Linker.
The urge to plunder that had almost violently haunted him
had disappeared, and now, as a serious, junior member of the

kendo team, he apparently adored Takumu. The overwhelming
strength he’d had back when he was using the Physical Burst
command was gone now, but he had absolutely had talent to
begin with. For instance, even here, the sharpness and certainty
of each of his dance moves was better than most of the other team
members’. And more than anything else, there wasn’t a hint of
hatred or anything twisted on his still-cherubic face. For Nomi,
Brain Burst had definitely been something like a curse.
No, I’m sure that’s just what I want to think, Haruyuki
thought in a corner of his brain as he clapped hard in time with
the music that was growing ever more frenzied as it approached
the climax.
Brain Burst was both a salvation and a curse for all Burst Linkers. It could even be said that this dual nature was the true
essence of the Accelerated World. Good and evil existed in that
place in equal measure. If Haruyuki had been guided by malice,
he probably would have ended up as a Burst Linker possessed by
hatred, the way Nomi had been. On the other hand, by pushing
Dusk Taker to total point loss, Haruyuki had stolen the good that
Nomi found and that he might have been able to find in the future in that world.
If only Brain Burst could be installed a second time.
Even knowing this thought was just selfish sentimentality,
Haruyuki couldn’t help thinking it. Although, of course, the Nomi
of now wouldn’t agree to a copy/install of a suspicious program at
Haruyuki’s invitation, what with them being basically strangers at
this point. And more importantly, the Nomi of now didn’t need
the salvation of the Accelerated World. Even so, the thought that
there could have been a different way wouldn’t leave Haruyuki.
He couldn’t have done anything about Nomi’s parent, but if he
had at least met Nomi before the Acceleration Research Society…
If only they’d been able to simply and earnestly duel without the
intervention of the BIC or the video trap. He and Nomi, with his

enormous hunger, could have come to understand each other at
some point. Haruyuki wanted to believe that.
On the stage, the samurai paired off and faced one another,
slamming their swords together at a slightly frightening speed.
The clanking of metal was naturally a sound effect coming over
the speakers, but it perfectly matched the swords as they came together before his eyes. The fierce mock fighting continued, the
samurai switching partners one after another, and just as it
started to take on a chaotic aspect, they all lined up and raised
their swords above their heads. The music and the choreography
all stopped, and the people clapping along stopped soon after.
Yaaaaah! With a mighty roar, all the dancers brought their
swords slicing through the air, and the samurai dance was over.
Staring at Takumu and Nomi smiling under the spotlight,
Haruyuki clapped as hard as he could along with everyone else in
the audience.
“That was seriously amazing, Taku. How long did you guys practice for?” Haruyuki asked, immediately after they joined up with
Takumu—now in a tracksuit.
“Aah,” his childhood friend, who had impressively handled the
important role of dance captain, replied with a bashful look. “It’s
more like we did the thing without any real rehearsal. We have
the main tournament at the end of next month, so we couldn’t exactly take that much time to practice the routine or anything.”
“Still, it turned out pretty great, huh? And the costumes and
lighting were solid, too,” Chiyuri remarked.
Takumu pulled his head back, looking even more embarrassed. “That’s ’cos the girls’ team worked super-hard for us. On
everything from the choreography to the costumes—all of it. Although I was actually kinda embarrassed with that look.”

“Nah, not at all, Professor. If you could fight in kamishimo
over there, too, your win rate’d prob’ly go up a little more,” Niko
said, giggling.
“I-is that supposed to be a compliment?” Takumu responded,
and the whole group burst out laughing. Even Pard, who normally didn’t laugh out loud, and Aqua Current, who somehow resembled her, were grinning along with the rest of them, and
Haruyuki was glad.
Since it was almost lunchtime, they decided to wander around
the refreshment booths outside this time and have lunch there, so
the group, now nine people, stepped outside. If Kuroyukihime
had been able to join them, they would have been a party of ten,
but apparently, the student council project was going to take a little more time. Haruyuki got a mail from her to the effect that she
would be able to come in another fifteen minutes, so he replied
with where to meet them.
Then he suddenly remembered what she had said to him before the festival started, and he moved over to Fuko’s side. “Um,
Master. Have you seen any movement that looks like an attack so
far?”
“Oh, yes, right. I checked the matching list twice, but there was
nothing unusual. Although we still can’t let our guard down.”
“Right. But I think that even a kit user would take one look at
the Umesato list right now and run away with their tail between
their legs…”
On top of the fact that the names of ten Burst Linkers were on
the list, enough to rival the total for a smallish area list, there was
one each of level six, seven, and eight, plus two level-nine kings to
finish it off. He couldn’t believe that even Magenta Scissor would
come barging into that.
Hearing Haruyuki’s optimism, Akira, who was situated in

front of Fuko, touched her glasses as she replied, “Put another
way, it would also be a change to attack two kings at the same
time. If their objective is simply to spread the kit infection, it’s
quite possible they would try a suicide attack, completely prepared for defeat.”
“…U-understood. I’ll make sure to check the list frequently,
too, to find them as soon as possible so we can attack first.”
“That’s a nice sentiment, but be careful not to waste your
points.” When Akira—Aqua Current—said this to him, it carried
real weight, and Haruyuki nodded silently.
Although he was discussing this with the Four Elements,
Haruyuki expected that there wouldn’t be an attack that day after
all. There was some distance between them and Magenta’s base
in Setagaya, and in this situation, the list of attackers was too
large. If they made a wrong step, not only would they be counterattacked, but they might end up cracked in the real. Given how
extremely rational Magenta was, even while having an ISS kit, he
couldn’t believe she would carry out a reckless attack.
But.
Haruyuki had forgotten the tiny misgiving he’d felt three days
earlier.
In fact, Magenta Scissor had attacked. And she’d already finished it before the school festival had even started.
Haruyuki understood this after Rin Kusakabe, walking behind
him, fell forward without a sound as if to lean up against him.

8
At first, he figured she was actually just sick and it had nothing to
do with Brain Burst. Rin hadn’t looked good right from the start
that morning. She had said it was food-related, but a simple digestive issue wouldn’t have gone on for several hours. Cursing
himself for not paying more attention, Haruyuki had Takumu
help him bring her to the nurse’s office on the first floor of the
second school building.
Fortunately, all the beds were empty, so they laid Rin down on
the one farthest in, but there was no sign of the health adviser,
Ms. Hotta. He looked around the room and found a holotag spinning on top of the desk that said, OUT FOR ONE HOUR. I’M IN THE
TEACHERS’ LOUNGE. BE BACK SOON.
Haruyuki started to fly out of the room to go get her, but
Takumu stopped him, saying, “I’ll go get her; you stay with
Kusakabe,” so, with no other choice, he returned to Rin’s bedside.
“It’s not your fault, Corvus.”
When he looked up, he saw Fuko, the only one of the troop of
girls to come with them, standing next to him. Since they couldn’t
exactly march into the nurse’s office en masse, the other six were
on standby next to the fountain in the front yard. Fuko had come
with them because, of course, she was Rin’s parent.
“…I should have noticed. She might not look it, but Rin has a
tendency to push herself too hard. I knew that, and yet…”
“No…All morning, I was thinking how Kusakabe didn’t look
good. But I just dragged her around all over the place anyway.”

Biting his lip hard, he looked down at the girl lying on the bed
before him. Her cheeks were pale, and her breathing was shallow
and quick. If she hadn’t been feeling well for several hours, then it
wasn’t just simple anemia, either. Maybe an unseasonal cold or…
Still reproaching himself, he sent his thoughts racing around for
an answer.
Abruptly, Rin opened her eyes a crack and said in a voice that
threatened to fade out of existence, “……I’m sorry, Arita. I’m
sorry…Master Fuko.”
“Oh! You don’t have anything to apologize for, Kusakabe. I’m
sorry for pushing you so hard. The nurse’ll be here in a minute,
so…” Haruyuki worked to keep his voice from jumping up into a
shout.
But Rin moved her pale face slightly from side to side. “This…
isn’t. A cold. There’s…nothing wrong. With. My body. What’s
struggling isn’t. Me. It’s my duel avatar…Yesterday. My brother
was infected…with an ISS kit.”
Rin told them that Magenta Scissor had challenged Ash Roller
Saturday afternoon, in Setagaya Area No. 1. It had been right
after Rin had left school, gotten on the bus on Kannana Road,
and connected her Neurolinker globally.
Ash had fought bitterly against Magenta, who used the longdistance technique Dark Shot over and over, but normal resistance to an enemy who didn’t hesitate to use Incarnate attacks
was impossible. When Ash was finally no longer able to run, Magenta performed “surgery” using her scissors and forcibly infected him with the ISS kit.
Normally, this was when Rin would have immediately contacted Fuko and discussed how to respond. But Ash Roller, who
had the personality of Rinta Kusakabe, Rin’s older brother, had
turned his thoughts to his beloved little sister. I can hold on for a
day, piece o’ cake. So you go and have fun at the festival tomor-

row.
“I. I thought about disobeying my brother. And calling you, Master. A lot. But. I…felt it. My brother had also been. Excited about
Arita’s school festival. For a few days. So…I,” Rin said in a trembling voice, and then brought her right hand out from under the
blanket to gently touch the Neurolinker on her neck.
Here, Haruyuki finally understood the reason why something
felt off when he met Rin that morning.
Rin Kusakabe normally used a pastel-green Neurolinker. She
only changed to the metallic gray one when she was dueling. This
was the Neurolinker her older brother Rinta had used, and it was
in this one that the Brain Burst program was installed.
So on that day of the school festival, when there was no need
to duel, Rin should have been wearing her own Neurolinker. But
from the time they had met up at the front gate that morning, her
brother’s terminal had been equipped on her neck. Perhaps the
reason for that was that she wanted to communicate the atmosphere of the school festival to Rinta, who was in a coma in a hospital in Shibuya.
But the truly terrifying part of the ISS kit was that, even when
you weren’t accelerated, even when you took your Neurolinker
off, this mental parasite kept progressing steadily. The kit that
had infiltrated Rin’s duel terminal had been growing bit by bit—
after she got home the previous day, while she was asleep, when
she set out for Umesato that day, and while she was going around
the school festival.
“…We have to hurry and purify it before the parasite goes any
farther…” Haruyuki leaned over the bed and squeezed a voice
from his throat, staring at her Neurolinker, which had a crack like
a lightning bolt on the outside. Once the personality change advanced, it would be extremely difficult to remove the kit. Even the
two good friends of Chocolat Puppeteer he’d met the other day in

Setagaya area had turned deaf ears on Chocolat’s desperate pleas
at first.
No, more than anything, I don’t want to see an Ash Roller
controlled by the kit. No way.
Haruyuki jerked his head up and turned back toward Fuko.
The Nega Nebulus deputy also seemed quite shocked, but the second she met Haruyuki’s eyes, she nodded resolutely.
“Corvus, we should first check on Ash’s condition. But if we
duel over the local net, then Sacchi and the others will be pulled
into the Gallery.”
“A direct duel, then. I have a cable.” He dug around in his
small daypack and pulled out an XSB cable. A similar cable appeared from Fuko’s pouch so the three of them could all direct.
He opened up two of the folding chairs set against the wall and
sat down before plugging one end of the cable into his own Neurolinker and offering the other end to Rin.
“Kusakabe…Can I?” he asked.
Rin showed him a faint smile, while still looking quite pained.
“The opposite…of that time, huh?”
He understood what she meant immediately. Ten days earlier,
when he became the sixth Chrome Disaster, Haruyuki had tried
to run away from his Legion comrades, but Rin, at their first
meeting (on the first floor of his condo), had stopped him. She
had pushed him back in the rear seat of Fuko’s car, parked in the
basement of his building, and forced him to direct. To save him.
“…We’re definitely going to save your brother,” Haruyuki said,
and Rin nodded, the faint smile still on her lips, as she turned her
head to the right. Haruyuki inserted the plug in his right hand
gently into the exposed direct terminal of her Neurolinker.

At basically the same time, Fuko’s cable was connected with
Haruyuki’s Neurolinker from the left. When the warning of two
wired connections was displayed, he heard the sound of several
feet approaching quickly in the hallway outside. Takumu was returning with the health adviser in tow.
Haruyuki glanced at Fuko, and they nodded together. A normal duel was at most 1.8 seconds. They’d definitely be finished
before they arrived.
“I’ll be the starter,” Fuko announced, and before Haruyuki
could object, she was murmuring the acceleration command.
“Burst Link.”
A virtual thunder roared, and the sight before his eyes of Rin
and the nurse’s office froze blue—along with the hustle and bustle
of the festival, which was picking up now that it was the afternoon.
Haruyuki’s wish for a favorable stage was at last half granted.
Before his feet touched down on the ground, he could hear
busy music with an accordion as the main player. In the old fighting games, each stage had its own background music, but stages
with music were fairly rare in Brain Burst.
Listening to the music, which was cheerful yet slightly eerie—
perhaps because the sound was off occasionally—Haruyuki
quickly checked out his surroundings.
Outside. Probably the roof of the Umesato Junior High second
school building. And because he was a member of the Gallery, he
had materialized a distance away from the two duelers.
The sky was dark, but Umesato, on the ground, was blanketed
in a warm light. About two stories above the ground, electric
wires were suspended under dark clouds, with several large incandescent light bulbs, the kind that weren’t found in the real

world anymore, hanging down from them.
Zzt, zzt. Beneath the lights, which buzzed and occasionally
flickered unreliably, human-shaped silhouettes with no real substance writhed in groups of twos and threes. Forming circles and
dancing or walking along in groups, the shapes were skinny like
poles and only about a meter or so tall, so they had the same sort
of bustling strangeness to them as the music did. Shabby booths
were lined up along the wall of the school building, and the
shadow shopkeepers—who sported no substance, of course—were
selling their curious wares. Similar to the atmosphere of the
school festival in the real world, but decisively different somehow, this was the Bizarre Festival stage. A midlevel dark type.
Given that it was dark, it was a tricky stage, with all kinds of
gimmicks to interfere with movement built into it, but this time,
there was the possibility that the battle wouldn’t even happen at
all. Haruyuki raced to the edge of the roof and looked down in the
direction indicated by the guide cursor.
Both duelists had already left the nurse’s office for the world
outside. At the entrance of the front yard, wedged in between the
second school building, which Haruyuki occupied, and the first
one, he could see a slender duel avatar sitting in a wheelchair.
Motionless there, paying no mind to the swarms of tiny figures
around her, was the deputy of Nega Nebulus, “Strong Arm” Sky
Raker.
Her eyes should have been turned toward Ash Roller, but lacking directionality, the light of the incandescent bulbs didn’t reach
that far. Plus, he couldn’t see past the front gates of the courtyard,
where the world sank into darkness. But if this was the usual Ash,
then he’d be rolling up with a “Hey, heeeeey!” and revving his
massive engine as soon as the duel started. Haruyuki was forced
to decide that Ash being silent now meant he was already not in
his normal mental state. Beside himself at the thought, Haruyuki
flung himself from the roof.

Because he was in the Gallery, even falling from the third floor
had no impact. Landing gently outside the nurse’s office window,
Haruyuki moved to approach the wheelchair to discuss the situation with Raker. But immediately before he could, an intense
light cut through the darkness near the main gate.
The light source was not the familiar yellowish-white halogen
lamp, but rather a ruby-colored one, like a red traffic light, or
blood. The black silhouettes squirmed and shuffled, trying to escape the vertical range of the illumination. Then the roar of an internal combustion engine starting filled the stage. This too was
not the usual sunny sound of the V-twin; the low, wet, rumbling
groan sounded more like the threatening protest of a large living
creature.
Bathed in the sinister light and sound, Raker, in her wheelchair, didn’t so much as flinch. The fluid metal of her hair parts
and the hem of her white dress fluttering slightly, she stared directly ahead of her.
As if irritated by this silence, the red light finally moved. It approached slowly at first and then gradually picked up speed, so
that by the moment it appeared beneath the light of the incandescent bulbs, the engine was howling violently. This acceleration
exceeded the domain of a motorcycle, and in Haruyuki’s eyes, it
looked like nothing other than the leap of a massive beast
wrapped in black and silver.
Sky Raker and her wheelchair were by far the smaller of the
two, but she still didn’t move a muscle, even as she saw this massive form charging toward her. She simply narrowed her darkrose eye lenses slightly and appeared to be measuring her timing.
In the Territories not that long before, Raker had avoided
Ash’s charging attack with the superhuman feat of luring him in
until the very last possible second before grabbing on to the handlebars as she dashed backward to flip the bike.

But he couldn’t believe she’d be able to use the same technique
again here. The acceleration of the motorcycle was on a different
level, and there was a door a mere ten meters behind Raker. Plus,
entry into buildings was not allowed in the Bizarre Festival stage,
so there basically wasn’t enough space for her to do a back dash.
“M-Master!!” Haruyuki kept the volume of his voice in check,
but he couldn’t keep himself from calling out.
But Raker stayed where she was, her hands resting lightly on
the wheels of her chair. The headlight, now impossibly close,
dyed her entire body the color of blood, and the roar of the engine
pushed her hair and skirt up around her.
Just as the ferociously spinning front wheel of the motorcycle
was on the verge of making contact with the slender wheelchair,
Raker finally moved. More precisely, what Haruyuki saw was
nothing more than a series of overlapping, glittering silver afterimages. The wheelchair spun around and escaped to the left so
fast that Haruyuki couldn’t actually see it.
The power of Raker’s wheelchair to dash from a standstill far
surpassed the speed other duel avatars could manage with their
own legs. This power of mobility was essentially teleporting over
short distances, but up until that point, Haruyuki had thought it
could only be used to go forward or backward. After all, the
wheels were fixed to the chair itself and couldn’t turn to the sides.
So the chair couldn’t actually move directly sideways; to dash to
either side from a stop, she would first have had to turn and then
advance.
And yet, at that moment, Raker’s wheelchair was sliding directly to the left as she made multiple turns, though with what
kind of logic Haruyuki didn’t know. The large motorcycle couldn’t
keep up, and it skidded past, shooting up sparks for a moment as
it aimed to crash into the closed door. Anticipating the collision,
Haruyuki clenched his teeth.

But there was no impact nor explosion. Immediately in front
of the wall, the motorcycle crouched down for an instant like a
beast before leaping up at an acute angle. When the tire made
contact with the school wall, the machine trail braked hard. Once
the nose had come around ninety degrees, the machine stopped
on a dime.
The massive metal body glued motionless to the vertical wall
was such a strange sight, it almost knocked his sense of gravity
out of whack. Ash Roller’s bike did indeed have the ability to
drive up walls, but it shouldn’t have been able to stop on the wall
like that. In fact, the bike itself was different from before, so totally transformed that no traces of its old self remained.
“…Ash…” Squeezing out this voice that was not a voice,
Haruyuki stared up at the motorcycle on the wall, right where the
Umesato school crest would have been. The front and rear tires
were thicker, and a series of sharp, fang-like protrusions had
popped up in the centers of the treads. The front fork and the gas
tank were covered in silver scales reminiscent of a snake, and the
exhaust pipes coming from the engine were grotesque, the innards of a living creature.
Or maybe it was actually a living creature now. Because the
rider who was supposedly the machine’s master—in other words,
Ash Roller himself—was fused with the bike. The hands gripping
the handlebars, the feet stepping on the pedals, even the head
and body were covered in a scaly metal shell, completely obscured from the outside.
Despite this, Haruyuki sensed a powerful gaze shooting out
from the bike. He soon understood the reason for that. The headlight emitting the red glow was not a light fixture; it was a single
enormous eyeball. A crimson eye encased in a black organism; an
eye he had seen any number of times recently, empty but at the
same time hiding a powerful malice and lust.
“That’s—the ISS kit…in the bike…!!”

As if it could hear Haruyuki’s groan, the red headlight slowly
blinked once. The engine, like an internal organ, growled, and the
black and silver organic machine slowly ascended the wall, headlight still facing the ground—it was moving in reverse. This was
definitely impossible with Ash Roller’s motorcycle under normal
circumstances. The direction of the red illumination rolled over
to Sky Raker, who was stopped once more on the south side of
the courtyard. Like a carnivorous beast eyeing its prey, the light
quickly blinked again.
From the look of it, Haruyuki could only assume that it was
the parasitic ISS kit itself moving the motorcycle. It was impossible to guess at present what kind of state Ash Roller had been
placed in inside of the shell. The purpose of this direct duel was to
talk with him and see exactly what the situation was, but to do
that, it would be necessary to first render the motorcycle helpless.
But given the extent to which it had become one with its user, it
would be an extremely difficult job to selectively destroy the Enhanced Armament alone. Sky Raker could try to knock it over or
flip it, but the machine wouldn’t release the rider it had swallowed up.
What was more frightening to him than anything else was the
thought that the irregular phenomenon of the kit parasitizing the
Enhanced Armament and the control that had grown so strong in
just that short time would obstruct any purification. The whole
time a duel avatar was parasitized, the kit was interfering with the
Linker’s mind. If they didn’t remove it right away and return it to
its sealed-card state, Ash Roller and Rin Kusakabe—Haruyuki’s
precious friends, allies who had helped him out any number of
times—might end up irrevocably changed.
Spurred on by a foreboding that threatened to burn him up,
Haruyuki shouted in a trance, “Ash…! Please wake up, Ash!
You’re not going to lose to a kit like that…Right?!”
Perhaps in response to his cry, the growling of the bike engine
grew louder.

And then Haruyuki saw them: two large holes on the surface
of the cowl undulating organically on either side of the red headlight, opening a mouth.
But this was not a sign that the rider was being released. Inside the holes, an energy blacker than darkness coalesced. Purple
sparks flickered, and the entire machine shuddered violently.
Understanding intuitively what was about to happen,
Haruyuki started to cry out again, “Master, ru—”
But his words were drowned out in the weighty sound of vibration. Jet-black energy bullets shot out of the holes in the cowl:
Dark Shot, one of the Incarnate techniques the ISS kit gave to its
users. The long-distance attack was fearsome, destroying everything it hit with a nihilistic energy, and now there were two of
them at the same time.
If the slender wheelchair was even lightly grazed by the Incarnate bullets, it would be destroyed, robbed of the ability to dance
around the stage. And yet Sky Raker did not move. Resolutely
staring at the two spheres of darkness closing in on her, she
smoothly raised her right hand. Leisurely opening up her fingers,
she rotated the hand brandished in front of her once in a small
circle.
“Swirl Sway.”
At the same time as the name of the technique was announced, a pale-blue light enveloped her right hand. The light
swirled with incredible force, centered on her palm, and called up
a wind. This immediately grew into a small tornado that shook
the entire courtyard.
The two Dark Shots were swallowed up the instant they
touched the tornado, but even as they whirled around impossibly
fast, they moved stubbornly toward Raker as if they had their
own will. They pressed in until they were a few centimeters from

her palm, but there, they were overpowered by the tornado and
flung outward. One shot hit the first school building, while the
other slammed into the wall of the second.
The fact that entry was impossible also meant that it was impossible for the building object to be destroyed, but the wall was
completely cut away by the explosion of nihilistic energy. Given
that it could repel an Incarnate technique with that much force,
the tornado of light generated by Sky Raker also had to have been
Incarnate. Defensive, quick activation—very much the domain of
a master.
Incarnate techniques were divided up into four categories according to their characteristics. Was the source of power hope or
despair? Did the effect extend to individuals or over a range? As
far as Haruyuki knew, Sky Raker—Fuko Kurasaki—was the most
powerful user of “positive will with range as its target.” And that
was because she believed in the Incarnate System—in Brain
Burst, in the Accelerated World, and in the power of the bonds
found and forged there.
Fuko would definitely be able to pull Ash Roller back from the
darkness. She would beat back the malice that tortured Rin. With
that conviction in his heart, Haruyuki took his gaze off Raker and
looked up at the living bike stuck to the wall above the entrance.
And then he opened his eyes wide, dumbfounded.
It wasn’t there. Although he had taken his eyes off it for just a
couple of seconds, the motorcycle had disappeared. But that was
impossible. Even the ISS kit couldn’t overcome Ash Roller’s
greatest weakness of making a loud noise when he moved.
As a worst-case scenario, he could believe that, just like the kit
had changed the structure of the transmission and made it possible to ride in reverse, it had somehow gotten rid of the explosive
noise of the gasoline engine. But as long as the bike was a bike, it
couldn’t move without the tires hitting a wall or the ground or
something. And with those fang-like protrusions on the tires,

Haruyuki should have heard some kind of serious noise.
No, wait.
There was just one place where it could move without even the
tires making noise. That was—
“Master! Above you!!” Haruyuki screamed, looking up at the
sky.
There were no stars in the night sky of the Bizarre Festival
stage, and it was covered with thick clouds that threatened rain at
any second. But in the center of the gray rectangle, punched out
on three sides by the walls of the school building, was a conspicuous black shadow: the motorcycle. Using the cover of the roar
when the two Dark Shots hit the school, it had revved its engine
for just a moment and jumped from the wall.
Leaping to attack its prey, very much the act of a carnivorous
beast, the motorcycle dropped from the sky toward Raker. Naturally, she could have avoided it with a dash of her wheelchair. But
if an object of that weight class crashed into the earth, it would
generate a shock wave more than enough to stomp a large avatar.
If she took a stagger effect while she was moving, there was a
danger that the lightweight wheelchair would fall over. That said,
if she didn’t dodge, she’d inevitably be pinned down and hit with
massive—
“…Master…!” Even though Haruyuki knew in his head that he
couldn’t interfere at all as a member of the Gallery—he couldn’t
even get within ten meters of the duelers—he instinctively moved
to leap from the wall of the school building. But just on the verge
of doing that, he saw it: Raker’s eyes shining with a sharp light in
the darkness.
For her, this was not checkmate. Just the opposite. Fuko had
been patiently waiting for the motorcycle to jump, for it to reveal
its defenseless belly in midair, where it lost its mobility.

A dazzling blue light was born on Raker’s back.
Whm! The sound of a powerful jet.
Her white hat was blown off, her dress was ripped to shreds
and then vanished, and even the wheelchair was pushed back. In
the next instant, the graceful F-type avatar with sky-blue armor
shot up from the ground, two jets of flame stretching out from
her back, at a speed that far surpassed Silver Crow’s maximum
vertical ascent power. It was the power of the booster-type Enhanced Armament, born from her heart’s desire to reach the sky
—Gale Thruster.
Reaching the height of the falling bike in an instant, Raker
brought her slender-looking right hand up to the bottom of the
engine without a moment’s hesitation. Not a fist or a chopping
hand, but a palm strike. The sound of impact rang out like thunder, and the manifold that looked so much like a gastrointestinal
tract was torn free and sent flying, while red flames gushed from
cracks that appeared all over the engine block.
Even still, the living motorcycle didn’t stop. The kit parasite in
the headlight shone fiercely, and the front and rear tires were enveloped in a thick black aura. Of course, only the rear tire was
spinning, but when Raker’s long hair touched the radiating inky
overlay, it was ripped off without a sound. Most likely, this was an
ability corresponding to the close-range Incarnate technique
Dark Blow. If she was caught up in that rotation, even Raker
wouldn’t make it out unscathed.
But the sky-blue avatar didn’t show any sign of faltering; she
continued to beat at the engine with palm strikes. The cracks
spread even farther, and the flames leaking out became an orange
rain falling to the ground. The spin of the tire slowed, and the red
eyeball flickered, struggling.
The damage to the motorcycle was serious, but Ash Roller’s
health gauge, displayed in the upper right of Haruyuki’s field of

view, had basically not dropped at all. Here, Haruyuki finally understood Fuko’s true aim: If she attacked the heart of the living
bike that was the engine while on the ground, Ash himself, locked
in the metal shell above it, would inevitably be dragged in. But if
she attacked from directly below in the sky, she could target the
engine alone without friendly fire on the rider. In other words,
Fuko’s main priority as she fought was not to destroy the terrifying living motorcycle, but rather to avoid hurting Ash Roller.

That’s so like you, Master!! Haruyuki shouted this in a corner of
his heart, and Gale Thruster roared even more loudly.
The Thruster’s propulsive force overcame the weight of the
bike, and the massive black machine was yanked up into the air.
Raker took her hands off the engine for just that moment and
shot out each hand to strike hard with her palms. Despite the fact
that these blows came from too close to have any significant force
behind them, the engine block was completely shattered, and the
frame was ripped apart such so that the motorcycle was basically
split into two.
Immediately after that, a massive explosion dyed the dark sky
of the Bizarre Festival stage red.
As the ball of flames swallowed Raker and Ash, their health
gauges suddenly dropped—but that soon stopped. Opening his
eyes wide, Haruyuki watched as a beam of sky-blue light shot up
through the expanding ball of flames. Clutched tightly in Sky
Raker’s arms as she danced high up into the night sky was the familiar skull-faced avatar in the leather jacket.
“…Master…! Ash…!!”
Tearing up, Haruyuki shouted in the loudest voice he could
manage, waving his hands wildly.
Haruyuki tried to race over to where Raker landed in the courtyard, but halfway there, he stopped advancing, no matter how
hard he pumped his legs. When he thought about it, the duel was
still ongoing, even if the Enhanced Armament had been destroyed, so the rule about the Gallery not being allowed within
ten meters of the duelers was still in effect.
As he flailed in vain at the border of the prohibited zone, Fuko
glanced at him and raised her right hand, telling him, “Wait,”
with the aura of a wry smile bleeding through. Then she turned

the palm of her hand around ninety degrees and mercilessly
chopped at the helmet of Ash Roller, who appeared to still be unconscious. Paying no mind to the fact that Ash’s health gauge had
dropped to around 5 percent, she raised her hand one more time.
“Wake up, Ash,” she said kindly. “If you don’t wake up before
the count of three, the next one will hurt a little more. Okay,
three, two, one…”
Whp! The second chop whistled through the air, and immediately before the center of the skull face could be cracked open, a
thick cry echoed in his ears: “Nooo!”
Hands in leather gloves came together to make a small X. “No
more chopping!! I’m awake! I am perfectly waked up, Master!!”
“Oh, you are? Then stand up on your own.” She had no sooner
said the words than she was pulling away the hand supporting
Ash’s back. Not even glancing at her beloved pupil falling with a
thud, Fuko quickly brought up her Instruct menu. Still lying on
his side, Ash pressed the confirmation window that appeared before him, and in Haruyuki’s field of view, flaming text announced
that the duel had ended in a draw.
And then the wall that had prevented him from moving forward vanished, and he tumbled over from the excessive force of
leaning into that wall. He got back to his feet after a somersault
and raced over to them as fast as he could.
“A-Ash! A-are you okay?!” He screeched to a halt next to the
rider splayed on the ground and peered at his face.
“The hell. You’re here, too, you damned crow? But nah, I’m all
right, obvs. A chop or two is nothing for mighty me.”
“I’m not talking about the chops!! Your head—I mean, your
thinking…”

“Whoa, you. My super-fine head is o’course super-mega-cool
every time,” Ash replied, giving Haruyuki a thumbs-up, but his
voice didn’t have its usual energy to it. Haruyuki offered Ash his
hand to pull him up into a seated position, and then sat down
next to him himself. Having recovered her wheelchair, Fuko also
sat, so that she was facing the two of them.
The first one to break the brief silence was Ash. Placing his
hands on the knees of his crossed legs, he bowed his head deeply
toward his teacher and Brain Burst parent, Fuko. “…I’m sorry,
Master. I messed up.”
“No need to apologize. I’m also responsible for not anticipating the situation.”
At this exchange, Haruyuki took a deep breath and then uttered the words he had prepared before the duel began. “Um…I’m
actually the one who has to apologize here!”
“What do you mean by that, Corvus?”
“…On Wednesday this week—so three days before Ash was attacked—I heard it from the mouth of Magenta Scissor herself.
That she was going to give up on attacking the north and invade
the east. I should have remembered right then and there. East of
Setagaya Area Two, where I ran into Magenta, is Setagaya Area
One, where Shimokitazawa is. And immediately east of that is
Shibuya Area Three, Sasazuka in Shibuya, where Rin’s school is.”
The instant after Haruyuki announced this, his heart nearly
breaking, Ash was grabbing the neck of his armor, given that
there was no collar to grab and yank him up by.
“You damned crow!! You— How’d you know?! I mean, that
she’s a student at the Sasazuka Girls’ Academy junior high division?!”
“I-is she?! I mean, I didn’t know her school name! I just kinda

had an idea it was in Sasazu—”
“Shaddap! Shaaaaaddap! So you’re all up and stalking her
after the morning duel! Secretly jumping on the same bus as Rin,
following her all the way to school, you creepy little crow!!”
“I-I’d be late for school if I did that!”
“Shut it. Which is more important, Rin or being late?!”
“Th-that’s a weird question!”
“All right. If you don’t end that here, it’s going t’ hurt, you
know?”
Fwssh. Once they both had returned to their original positions
(Ash went beyond cross-legged to formally sitting on his knees),
Fuko first turned to Haruyuki.
“Corvus. It is indeed a mistake you should reflect upon for not
making use of hard-won information. But I also misread Magenta
Scissor’s strategy. Neither Lotus nor I anticipated her aiming to
disseminate the kits not only by invading festivals through local
nets but by also by courting the danger of challenging others and
getting into regular duels. If I was going to make doubly sure, I
had the choice of forbidding Rin from connecting globally until
the issue was resolved.” The sky-blue avatar narrowed her eyes
regretfully.
“No, you’re wrong, Master!” Ash, sitting formally next to
Haruyuki, shook his skull helmet fiercely. “The problem’d never
resolve with just me cutting off the net and doing a whole ‘run
away from the Accelerated World’ thing. You and Master Lotus
and even this crow here taught me that!”
Haruyuki reeled slightly at this unexpected line, and Fuko also
blinked slowly once. “Huh? I—I did?” he asked.

“I do also question if I taught you that?”
“Yes, you did! Not in words, but like, through life…life…” Ash
brought his face close and asked in a whisper. “Hey, Crow, how
do you say ‘the way you live your life’ in English?”
“Uh, um…” Haruyuki unconsciously fell into thought.
“Lifestyle…maybe that’s not quite it…It’s more like a path for living, so way…Way of life or something, I guess?”
“That’s it! That way! Of! Life! You taught me!” Ash said, the
tension in his voice fluctuating wildly, and Haruyuki understood
what he was trying to say.
Following the destruction of the first Nega Nebulus, Kuroyukihime cut her connection to the global net and disappeared from
the Accelerated World, while Fuko also retired from dueling and
lived as a recluse at the top of the old Tokyo Tower, where other
people couldn’t come near her. But both of them had broken
down the walls of those stagnant worlds and stepped outside. To
accelerate themselves once more.
Haruyuki even understood the reason Ash had added his own
name to that list, too, but putting that aside for the moment, he
nodded. “Right…Even if you lose the duel, even if you lose everything for the moment, you can always get it back again. I mean,
Ash, you were parasitized by the ISS kit, but you came back to us.
I didn’t know what to do when Rin collapsed, but this…I feel a little relieved somehow.”
He had spoken that much until he noticed Ash and Raker both
looked extremely serious still, so he gradually slowed down.
“…Um…Ash and Rin are both going to be okay now, right? I
mean, the ISS kit didn’t parasitize Ash’s actual body, but the motorcycle—the Enhanced Armament, and you completely destroyed the bike before, Master, so…”

“Look, Crow. Sorry to get your hopes up for nothing, but…the
problem’s exactly that.”
“…Wh-what do you mean…?” Haruyuki opened his eyes wide
under his mirrored helmet.
“Corvus,” Fuko said in a quiet voice, “even if an Enhanced Armament is completely destroyed in a duel, it will return in its
usual form in the next duel, yes? So then if Ash duels again, I expect he’ll be returned to that form we saw in the beginning,
trapped in the parasitized motorcycle. The ISS kit hiding in his
Neurolinker isn’t gone.”
“Huh…? So, so then the interference with Rin’s mind…”
“We should assume it will continue unchanged after this duel.”
“B-but—!!” Haruyuki held his breath and stared at the timer in
the upper part of his field of view. There were about six hundred
seconds left. Once that time passed, the kit Fuko had worked so
hard to destroy would be regenerated, and Ash would return to
that terrifying form. Was that what she meant?
“Then…let’s hurry and purify it! We’ll call Mei or Bell and get
them to burn the kit out or return it to a sealed-card state, and
then the interference will end!” Haruyuki said forcefully, but
Fuko didn’t nod her agreement this time.
“It’s unfortunate…but I’m forced to conclude that that would
be difficult as well. Regardless of whether we use Maiden’s purification flames or Bell’s rewinding time, in order for the ISS kit to
be removed from the user, there needs to be the will to refuse the
temptation of that power. A will strong enough to negate the negative Incarnate that the kit itself possesses.”
“Then there’s no problem! Like Ash would ever lose out to that
kit! I mean, he’s here with us right now, the usual Ash…”

Haruyuki leaned forward, and Ash gently pushed him back
with a hand wrapped in a riding glove. “…Sorry, Crow. Nice you
feel that way an’ all…But you said it yourself, yeah? The problem’s
that that eyeball’s parasitizing my Enhanced Armament. Listen.
The bike’s a part of me. But, like, the bike itself isn’t self-aware. It
can’t come up with any kind of willpower to reject the ISS kit,
y’know.”
“That’s exactly it,” Fuko agreed. “Most likely—no, undoubtedly, even if we tried purification of rewinding, we wouldn’t be
able to separate the bike from the kit. Despite this, because the
motorcycle and Ash are strongly connected through the Image
Control System, the kit will generate mental interference. If she
planted the kit in the motorcycle rather than Ash with the deliberate goal of bringing this situation about…Magenta Scissor is a
fearsome opponent.”
“S-so then, Ash, you could use the Image Control System, too,
and communicate a will to the bike—” But at this, Haruyuki finally remembered a critical piece of information:
This wasn’t the first time he’d seen an ISS kit parasitizing an
Enhanced Armament. Ten days earlier, when he had been given
the kit by this same Magenta Scissor and ended up equipping it,
Takumu—Cyan Pile—had also been parasitized not with the red
eyeball in the center of his chest, where it usually took up residence, but in the Enhanced Armament of his right arm, Pile Driver.
When Chiyuri asked him if she could erase the kit with Citron
Call Mode II, Takumu had rejected the possibility. He had said
the reason was that the kit itself refused to be separated through
Incarnate power, but perhaps Takumu had sensed this, too. That
if the kit had invaded his Enhanced Armament, which was equivalent to a part of his own body, the separation would be more difficult than a parasite in the main body of his avatar.
As if to add evidence to Haruyuki’s thoughts, Ash hung his

head low. “When this duel started, I was desperately trying to get
back control from inside the bike. But, like, the instant the battle
started, some kinda will or something poured into me, like this
tsunami, from the kit, and I basically passed out. Next time I
opened my eyes was after Master rescued me. It’s, like, when the
kits got Olive and them, it sorta got in the way of what they actually wanted, right? But for me, the kit—the bike, parasitized by
the kit, the only thing I can think is it’s moving on its own. Honestly, wrestling back control from that thing is serious no-way
town when I haven’t even trained in the Incarnate System…”
“…Now that you mention it…the kit that parasitized the Pile
Enhanced Armament tried to parasitize us with several kits of its
own will. And that time, too, rewinding with Citron Call was no
good in the end,” Haruyuki muttered, growing more disheartened
by the second, until he finally thought up the next solution and
yanked his head up. “I—I got it! Even when the Enhanced Armament is parasitized, we could— If we directly attack the ISS kit
during parallel processing in the Brain Burst central server, we
can annihilate it! I-I’ll direct with Rin and sleep with her tonight!
And then when I sneak into the central server, destroy the kit—”
Here, Haruyuki finally became aware of what exactly he was
saying and hurriedly waved both hands while shaking his head.
“N-no, it’s not like that, Bro! I don’t mean it like that! No way!”
“Who you callin’ brother, you giga suuuuuuuuck!” Roaring,
Ash yanked his left fist up high—and then placed it on Haruyuki’s
right shoulder.
“Huh?” He stopped shrinking into himself. “Uh, um…?”
“……Well, you know. Gotta say thanks, Crow. You thinking
about my sis—about Rin.”
“……A-Ash?”
“But, like, sorry, you know? Time’s up. That ISS kit parasite’s

movin’ hella fast. Def not gonna make it to tonight. I even
thought about destroying the Enhanced Armament, the bike itself, but that’s a hella tough job, too. I either have to yield it to another Burst Linker in a direct duel or sell it in a shop in the Unlimited Neutral Field, but whichever way, the bike won’t actually
be gone. And if I mess it up, not only does the mental interference
keep going for Rin, I maybe might make everything a whole lot
worse, y’know?”
“Th…That’s…” Haruyuki was at a loss for words.
Ash had casually tossed out the idea of getting rid of the motorcycle, but there was no way he didn’t understand just how serious that was. Ash Roller was a Burst Linker with basically all of
his potential poured into his American motorcycle Enhanced Armament. If he lost it, his battle power wouldn’t just be halved.
Forget leveling up; it would be a mean feat just to maintain his
points.
But Ash Roller’s resolve, his feelings for his little sister Rin
Kusakabe, were even greater than Haruyuki had imagined.
“Crow.” Hand still on Silver Crow’s shoulder, Ash spoke in the
calmest voice Haruyuki had ever heard from him. “But, like.
There’s just one way to stop Rin’s suffering. A way to totally erase
the ISS kit from inside the Neurolinker and end the mental interference.”
“…What’s that?”
“Me disappearing. Right here, right now, I leave Great Wall,
and I get Master to let me join Nega Nebulus. Then in the next
duel, I get the Judgment Blow from the Black King. Then I’ll vanish as a Burst Linker. With the ISS kit, yeah?”
Even after Ash closed his mouth, Haruyuki couldn’t react for a
while. Finally, he slowly shook his head. Over and over and over,
he intently moved his head from left to right and back again.

While he did, he pushed a hoarse voice from his throat: “No. No
way, not that. You said this to me ten days ago when I was one
with the Armor, didn’t you? You said hang on right to the last second, don’t give up. Grit your teeth and fight to the end. So I
fought. I managed to make it back to everyone again. So why…?
Why…?”
“Aah…that’s right. If—if it was just my problem, that’s prob’ly
what I’d do. Even with the parasite progressing and me getting
even wilder than before, I’d prob’ly be all ‘as long as it works out
in the end, that’s okay by me.’ But you know, Rin…” He cut himself off and lifted his gaze from the ground to stare directly at
Haruyuki through his skull-patterned face shield. “…If Rin said
something awful to the people around her now, even just once,
because of the kit—especially you, Crow—she’d never come back
from it. Even if we did manage to purify the kit after that, she’d
never forgive herself. She’d blame herself, just blame, blame,
blame, and then cry, cry, cry. And I don’t wanna see that Rin. I
wanna settle this on my own before it’s too late. And that’s what
Rin wants, too. She was ready for this. She came to your school
festival to make her last memories as a Burst Linker. She’s been
looking forward to this day for forever…”
“…But. But when you’re not a Burst Linker anymore, then,”
Haruyuki said, forcing his voice out, “then…memories related to
the Accelerated World, all of them…”
“…Yeah, guess so. But I’m pretty sure she won’t forget today at
least. Going around with you, seeing the stuff, laughing her head
off, having a great time. Just her memory of today, you know. So,
Crow— No, Haruyuki. Make friends with her again. Even if you
can’t duel, there’s all kinds of other stuff to do. Like study together or go watch motorcycle racing or something. But I’ll tell
you one thing, as her big bro, I’ll be giga damned if I let you do
anything more than that.”
The last part Ash said more as a joke, but Haruyuki couldn’t
look him squarely in the eye; virtual droplets of water kept ob-

scuring his vision from the other side of Silver Crow’s visor.
It was just too sudden. He had never even imagined this ending. It had only been ten days since he met Rin Kusakabe. There
were so many things he wanted to talk to her about, ask her
about, but he wouldn’t get to say any of it, ask anything. And it
wasn’t just Rin. Ash Roller was the opponent in Haruyuki’s first
loss as a Burst Linker, and in his first win. Ever since, they had
dueled countless times, polishing each other’s skills in the
process. They were rivals from different Legions, and two players
with the same goal, aiming for the limits of speed.
He absolutely could not accept losing both Rin and Ash at the
same time. Haruyuki turned his eyes pleadingly toward Sky
Raker, sitting in her wheelchair nearby. The Burst Linker, master
to both Ash and Crow, silently returned his gaze, her mouth shut.
Her twilight-colored eye lenses appeared to be urging him to accept it—or waiting for him to rise up.
Haruyuki felt it was both. Fuko was putting the choice on
Haruyuki. Would he simply nod at Ash’s words and accept an
eternal good-bye? Or would he lift his face even higher in this situation and try to seek out a path to the sky?
He blinked hard, shook off his tears, and stared up into the
night sky of the Bizarre Festival stage. Perhaps the aftershocks of
the large explosion still lingered; there was a meager break in the
thick clouds. On the other side, a single small star glittered alone.
It couldn’t have been, but whenever he was on the edge of despair
and disheartened, he felt like it was always this same star he
found in the night sky.
Haruyuki took Ash’s hand from his shoulder, brought it in
front of his face, and squeezed tightly, as hard as he could. “Ash.
There’s still…There’s still just one way left to fight. Just one way
to remove the ISS kit from the bike and cut off the mental interference with Rin right now.”

“……”
Ash Roller waited silently for him to continue.
Mustering all the force he had to stare intently at Ash Roller,
Haruyuki stated, “We cut out the root of the chain. We’ll destroy
the ISS kit main body in the Tokyo Midtown Tower in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Right now.”

9
“…Well said, Corvus.”
Immediately after returning to the real world, Fuko murmured
the words from directly next to his ear.
Before he could say anything in response, the direct cable was
yanked from his neck. Haruyuki, similarly, hurriedly pulled the
cable from Rin’s neck where she was lying on the bed with her
eyes closed. Right after he tucked it away in his daypack, the
white curtain surrounding the bed was yanked open.
“Sorry. Sorry to keep you waiting. I’m just going to have a look
at your vital data now, okay?” a woman dressed neatly in a white
doctor’s coat said as she ran her fingers through the air.
It was the school nurse, Mitsu Hotta. With an ad hoc connection to Rin’s Neurolinker, she got the monitor data on Rin’s temperature and pulse and things, then furrowed her brow slightly.
“You have a bit of a fever, but all your other numbers are normal.
Did you maybe overexert yourself at the festival? How about you
rest a little and we’ll see how you do?”
Haruyuki let out a slight sigh at this diagnosis. It was already
clear that the reason Rin collapsed wasn’t a cold or overeating, so
it would have made the situation that much more complicated if
she were carried away in an ambulance or something.
Saying she was just going to grab a rehydration pack, Ms.
Hotta headed for the refrigerator in a corner of the room, and
Fuko took advantage of the moment to murmur to Haruyuki, “I’ll
explain to Mayuzumi and everyone else, so you stay with Rin a lit-

tle longer. I’ll mail you as soon as we decide on a plan of action.”
“Okay…Thank you.”
He dipped his head and also gave a nod to a worried Takumu
on the other side of the curtain. Fuko squeezed Rin’s hand tightly
before standing up and urging Takumu to join her in walking toward the entrance. Returning to take their place, Ms. Hotta
handed Haruyuki the oral rehydration bottle and smiled just a little for some reason before moving to her desk a ways off.
Haruyuki first helped Rin up into a sitting position before unscrewing the cap of the bottle. The built-in straw automatically
popped up, and he brought it to her mouth.
Taking tiny sips of the cool liquid, Rin let out a light sigh and
gazed at him. Right now, she still remembered the battle that had
unfolded in the Bizarre Festival stage and the words that had
been exchanged there. He wouldn’t have to explain again what
Ash Roller—her brother Rinta Kusakabe—had told them, or what
Haruyuki had decided.
So he stared quietly into Rin’s grayish eyes and kept himself to
a brief statement. “It’s okay. This time, it’ll be me who helps you
out.”
Rin hung her head slightly and slowly closed her eyes. Tiny
droplets of water collected on her eyelashes, shimmering and
shaking there. …“I’m. Sorry…I…” The reason for the apology was
probably the fact that she had been parasitized by the ISS kit, as
well as the fact that she had hidden this throughout the school
festival.
Haruyuki leaned forward and shook his head quickly back and
forth. “You don’t need to apologize, Kusakabe. The truth is…it’s
because I was careless…” But he had already said the rest of this
in the stage, so he swallowed hard and continued. “…We’re definitely going to go and eliminate the main body. And then we can

go look at the rest of the festival together.”
Rin kept her face down for a little while longer, but she finally
lifted it and brought a smile—albeit a pained one—across her lips.
Nodding sharply, she spoke in a voice that echoed in Haruyuki’s
ears with a purity that was almost heartrending. “…Okay.”
In reply, he nodded firmly before setting the rehydration bottle on the small table there, and then he made her lie down once
more. After covering her up to her shoulders with the blanket, he
stood up and moved away from the bed.
He closed the white curtain and went over to where Ms. Hotta
was tapping away at a keyboard at her desk. “Ms. Hotta, I just
have something to take care of and then I’ll be back, so please
watch out for Kusakabe.”
“Roger.” Raising her head from her holowindow, the health
teacher grinned once more. “…And maybe it would be a good idea
if we kept her a secret from the student council vice president?”
“Nngh…” His spine snapping to attention, Haruyuki finally
grasped the reason for Ms. Hotta’s meaningful smiles. On Thursday the week before last, when Haruyuki had collapsed after
overexerting himself in gym class, he had been brought to the
nurse’s office, and Ms. Hotta knew that Kuroyukihime, the student council vice president, had accompanied him—and not only
that, she had even signed Kuroyukihime’s trumped-up health
aide confirmation.
He restrained himself from stammering “S-s-s-s-secret,
please” and replied, “N-no, it’s not a problem.”
“All right, then.” The health teacher smiled once more. “We’ll
see you later.”
The instant Haruyuki stepped out into the hallway, the text mail
icon flashed in his field of view. Pressing it, he saw that the

sender was not Fuko but Kuroyukihime, and he unconsciously
looked around, but of course, she wasn’t there. He opened the
mail to see just the sentence, WE’RE WAITING IN THE STUDENT COUNCIL OFFICE, but it didn’t say how the discussion had gone amongst
the Legion members, notably with Niko and Pard added in.
To be honest, Haruyuki didn’t think everyone would immediately agree to his resolution to take on the challenge of destroying
the ISS kit main body right then and there. After all, there was a
fearsome guardian, the Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron,
protecting the Tokyo Midtown Tower in the Unlimited Neutral
Field where the main kit body was hidden. He knew an attack
strategy was supposed to be seriously debated at an upcoming
meeting of the Seven Kings. Going up against the strongest being
in the Accelerated World—excluding the Four Gods—with fewer
than ten people went beyond difficult and into reckless.
The Haruyuki of before would have no doubt brooded over
taking on Metatron all alone if he got opposition. But now, not
even a spark of that idea popped into his head. Neither Rin nor
Ash would be the slightest bit happy to see Haruyuki end up in
Unlimited EK in a suicide attack. This was a battle not for fighting, but for rescue. It was different from the time when he was
fused with the Armor and ran off seeking death.
So if they say no, I’ll beg them with all the words and feelings
I have, until I get them to understand that while it might be a
reckless plan, I think it’s definitely not impossible.
Resolving this in his mind, Haruyuki trotted down the busy
central hallway and went into the first school building.
The door of the student council office on the western edge of
the first floor was locked, but when he approached, it automatically unlocked for him. He took a deep breath and then pushed
the sliding door open. The instant he stepped inside and pulled it
shut behind him—

“Yer late, Crow!” Niko yelled with real force, leaning back on
the sofa set with her legs crossed.
The other seven—Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Utai, Akira, Takumu,
Chiyuri, and Pard—all lifted their heads to look at Haruyuki at
once.
Even though he had only just so firmly readied himself, when
he saw his comrades, he couldn’t get the first words out. He stood
stock-still next to the door and simply clenched his hands together tightly.
Kuroyukihime, sitting directly across from Niko, stood up and
smiled gently but forcefully. “What are you standing there for,
Haruyuki? We don’t have much time, do we? Hurry and sit.
We’ve finished getting everything ready.”
The moment he heard the swordmaster’s voice, all the words
he had arranged in his mind scattered and flew off, so that
Haruyuki could only shout, “Okay!!”
Ten minutes in real time. Seven days in the Accelerated World.
That was the activation time Kuroyukihime set for the forced
disconnect safety—in other words, the maximum time they could
spend on the mission. The reason was, apparently, that they
could only monopolize the student council office, which was the
sole safe place for all eight of them to dive, from twelve fifteen to
twelve thirty. The first five minutes would be given to a briefing
in the real world, and the next ten were for the actual mission.
“Sorry, Haruyuki,” Kuroyukihime said. “In the middle of the
festival, the only time this room is empty is when the student
council is out for lunch.”
Haruyuki hurriedly rose up from the sofa, waving his hands
back and forth. “No, seven days should be more than enough. I
mean, the target time for the mission to rescue me and Shi-

nomiya from the Castle was just two hours, so.”
“Right, right! And even that time, we were so tired of waiting,
we practically turned to butter,” Chiyuri chirped from immediately to Haruyuki’s right. “So with seven days, we’ll end up being
cheese!”
“Chii, even if you let butter sit, it doesn’t turn into cheese,”
Takumu, farther down the sofa, pointed out, overly serious. “And
to begin with, to turn into butter, it’s not when it sits for a long
time, it’s when it’s spun at high speeds.”
“I wanna spin that Radio round really good, then! Although,
even if he did turn into butter, I’d say a big ‘no thanks’ to eating
that,” Niko said, sounding profoundly disgusted, her hands
clasped behind her head—and then all of them erupted in cheerful laughter.
Once that had subsided, Fuko, directly across from Haruyuki,
composed herself and said, “I also think that is plenty of time, but
there is one serious problem in carrying out this mission. Because
the main body of the ISS kits is conjectured to be in the Tokyo
Midtown Tower of the Unlimited Neutral Field, we will, naturally,
have to dive up.”
“Oh…!” Haruyuki cried out unconsciously. If he was going to
propose an immediate attack on Midtown Tower, then that was
the thing he should have thought of first and foremost. Of the
eight people there, one Burst Linker could not dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field, because of her level and one other specific
issue.
Haruyuki turned his eyes momentarily on Akira Himi—Aqua
Current, level-one and still in an Unlimited EK state at the Castle
—sitting next to Fuko and quickly dropped his gaze down to the
table. “I-I’m sorry, Curren…My head was just full of the ISS kit
thing…”

“No need to apologize,” Akira said calmly, and she silently
looked at each of them in turn as she continued. “Don’t worry
about me. Go and take care of what needs to be taken care of
now. Although it’s regrettable that I can’t help with this important mission, I can at least pray with all my heart for your victory.”
“…Curren…,” Kuroyukihime murmured, biting her lip.
Breaking the heavy silence was, unexpectedly, Pard, who was
seated to Akira’s right. The words she spoke were also a surprise
to Haruyuki: “That choice isn’t very like you, Aki.”
“…”
Akira silently turned her gaze to her side, and Pard stared
right back at her. There wasn’t any direct point of contact between them, and yet Haruyuki was made once again aware of how
they so closely resembled each other somehow.
“Water is water precisely because it continues to flow. Stagnating doesn’t suit you, Aki.”
“…So then are you telling me to do something, Myah?” Akira
asked quietly in response.
Pard, still with her usual calm look on her face, proposed
something that no one else had even considered. “You can just escape from the Unlimited EK right now and join in the Metatron
mission. With seven days, executing both missions is plenty possible. And with this group, we have enough firepower, too.”
“B-but…” Kuroyukihime hesitated. That was only for an instant, however, and then the Black King got a decisive look on her
face.
She turned to Niko, sitting directly on the other side of the low
table between them. “…That work, Red King? To be honest, Leop-

ard’s proposal is the best thing we could ask for. Because our
chances of success are far greater that way than if we were to
carry out a rescue mission with just the members of Nega Nebulus. But the fact that it is a difficult mission is unchanged. This
would mean that senior Promi member Blood Leopard and
Promi’s leader—you yourself, Scarlet Rain—would be running the
risk of dying in Seiryu’s fierce attack, and not just once. There’s
also a good chance of being hit with the special attack Level
Drain…or, in the worst-case scenario, ending up in Unlimited EK,
just like Curren…”
Even after Kuroyukihime had closed her mouth, Niko said
nothing for a while; she sat with her back leaned against the sofa,
her legs crossed and body still. But after a few seconds, she nodded, making the hair tied up on either side of her head bob up
and down. “Well, this time, at least, I can’t be the only one saying
no. At any rate, it was exactly for this that Pard has sealed away
leveling up until today, after all.”
“Huh? Wh-what does that mean…?!” Haruyuki cried out in
great surprise. It was true; he’d always found it strange that Pard,
supposedly an old hand, was at level six, only one above himself,
Takumu, and Chiyuri. When he’d asked Niko about it before, although she’d dodged the question, he remembered her mentioning something about it being connected to her longtime rival, Sky
Raker. If the reason was in fact not about Raker, but instead Aqua
Current, then that meant Pard and Curren had some kind of close
relationship beyond rivalry.
“Oh…No way…But, mmm-mmm, right…So that’s it,” Chiyuri
said, coming to an understanding on her own.
Unable to stand it, Haruyuki asked in a small voice, “H-hey, so
what’s it?”
“Not telling. I’m sure you’ll find out once the mission’s over.”
Haruyuki had learned from experience that when his clear-

faced childhood friend refused to tell him something, it was
pointless to keep pestering her. He was forced to withdraw, and
instead, Kuroyukihime spoke again.
“We have one minute, thirty seconds before the start of the
dive. We have to decide on an action plan. Rain. And Leopard.
We gratefully accept your offer to help with the mission to rescue
Aqua Current…Curren, that’s all right, yes?”
Questioned by the Legion Master, Akira was hanging her head
as if still struggling. But when she lifted her face a second later,
she nodded with a serious look. “Actually, this was a request I
should have made. I’ve spent two and a half years circulating in a
closed circle…I’m very happy right now that the time has come
that I, too, can start to flow forward, aiming for the distance once
more. All of you, please, lend me your strength.” Akira bowed her
head deeply.
Utai, sitting to the left of Fuko, who had maintained her silence until then, quickly moved her fingers in the air. UI> REN,
THIS WILL ABSOLUTELY, DEFINITELY BE OKAY. EVERYTHING WILL GO WELL.
BECAUSE WE HAVE WITH US A BIRD WHO BRINGS HAPPINESS!
…Ha-ha, she means Hoo, huh? Haruyuki nodded his agreement.
“So then, before the mission starts, we’ll have to paint Haru’s
avatar blue, right!” Chiyuri said forcefully.
“H-huh?! Me?!”
“That would also have the effect of increasing his camouflage
while flying, hmm?” At this overly serious comment from
Takumu, everyone except Haruyuki laughed together again.
After stopping briefly in the normal duel field to discuss the details of Aqua Current’s rescue, right on schedule at 12:20 PM, they
shouted “Unlimited Burst!” in unison.

Back in the Unlimited Neutral Field after an absence of four
days, Haruyuki landed in the fondly familiar Century End stage.
The grounds of Umesato Junior High were riddled with cracks,
and flames flickered and danced up from rusted oil drums.
Haruyuki stared in turn at each of the colors in the duel avatar
rainbow lined up and against this light.
The Black King, World End, Black Lotus.
Deputy of Nega Nebulus, the wind of the Four Elements,
Strong Arm Sky Raker.
The fire of the Four Elements, shrine maiden of the conflagration, Ardor Maiden.
Nega Nebulus member, the Watch Witch, Lime Bell.
Also a Nega Nebulus member, Cyan Pile.
The Red King, the Immobile Fortress, Scarlet Rain.
Prominence deputy, one of the Triplex, nicknamed Bloody
Kitty, Blood Leopard.
It was only natural, but the figure of the water of the Four Elements, Aqua Current, was not there. She would be diving a little
after the rest of them, three hours of time on this side later. Her
nickname of The One would be gone that day, because in order to
dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field once more, she would be
spending her accumulated Burst Points to bring her level up to
four.
Feeling like he should again say a word of thanks to his comrades, who had agreed to this mission to save Ash Roller and Rin
Kusakabe, Haruyuki stood a little taller and bowed his head
deeply to the seven before him. “…Thank you so much. I know
we’re in the middle of the festival, but you’ve all joined in without
saying a word…Especially Rain and Pard. You don’t even have

real stakes with Ash—”
“Hold up there. I wanna double-check something before we
get to that,” Niko interjected, the antennae on either side of her
head bobbing up and down. “Is that girl with the totally weak
aura seriously the real of Ash Roller from GW?”
“Y-yeah. The situation’s a little complicated. I guess you could
say she has a different personality in the Accelerated World.”
“There’s peeps who’ll change personalities during the duel,
but, like, that is seriously too much of a change!”
She was more than right to think this, but Haruyuki wasn’t
sure how much of the situation with Rin and Rinta he should
share.
“But,” Pard said, “she totally knew all the old types of motorcycles.”
“Oh yeah, you did that whole naming thing in Crow’s class display. You think you could be buds?”
The question was primarily for the leopard, and she nodded
without hesitation. “Y. Already buds.”
“So then we got stakes, too. Which is, like, Crow, once the mission starts, don’t be holding back with me and Pard for whatever!”
“Rain…Pard…” Haruyuki’s heart was full, and it was all he
could do to simply say their names.
But Fuko slid forward silently on her wheelchair and stood up
to bow deeply. “I would also add my thanks. Thank you, Red
King…and you, Leopard.”
It seemed that not only did Niko and Pard already know that
Rin was Ash Roller in the real but also even knew that her parent

was Sky Raker.
“NP.” Nodding in return, Pard spoke at unusual length. “The
bond of parent and child’s just as important for me as the bond
with Master or with my rivals.”
Hearing this, Haruyuki suddenly had a thought. The Master
Pard mentioned was, of course, Niko, and the rival meant Raker,
against whom she had sharpened her sword in duels in the past.
So then, who exactly was the parent?
Raker bowed her head once more to the two members of the
Red Legion and then turned her whole body toward Haruyuki.
“Corvus. I have to say my thanks to you as well. Thank you for deciding to fight for those two.”
“N-no! Rin and Ash are my friends. They’re important to me.”
After shaking his head any number of times, Haruyuki took a
deep breath and added, “Please save those words for the time
when we defeat Metatron, invade Midtown Tower, and are done
smashing the ISS kit main body!”
“Mmm, well said, Crow!” This clear voice was, of course,
Kuroyukihime’s. She also advanced to stand beside Haruyuki and
brought the sword of her right hand sharply through the air. “I
will not deny that due to the suddenness of this mission, we are
lacking in both advance preparation and attack personnel. However, that is precisely why we can see our chance for victory. Because, given how the suspicion that Quad Eyes is a member of the
Acceleration Research Society does nothing but deepen, we can
assume that she would leak to them any information from upcoming meetings of the Seven Kings. Even the Acceleration Research Society can’t anticipate us daring to attack Midtown Tower
at this time. In other words…”
She stopped here and turned the tip of her sword toward the
southeast.

“…our adversary is only one: Metatron. If we can eliminate
that Legend-class Enemy, our swords will reach the ISS kit main
body!”
Fyoo! Bringing her sword down to slice through the air,
Kuroyukihime turned her body slightly and, this time, pointed
due east with the sword of her left hand.
“In executing this mission, the abilities and intelligence of the
Four Elements’ Aqua Current will be a huge asset. Thus, we first
bring Curren back from the nest of the God Seiryu. Although this
is an enemy more powerful than Metatron, there is no need to defeat it. If we all combine our power, I believe it will be possible to
rescue her without collateral damage. We will be taking on the
challenge of successive large-scale missions, but in order to
smash the Society’s scheme and cut out the root of rot in the Accelerated World, I’m counting on all of you to fight hard!!”
Haruyuki and the other members of Nega Nebulus all thrust
their right hands up into the air at these bold words, while the
two members of Prominence followed suit a second or two later
and shouted, “Yeah!”
Lowering his hand, Haruyuki returned to the line, burning
with fighting spirit. There, Niko sidled up to him, standing tall as
she whispered, “So, look, is it always like this with you guys before a mission?”
“Huh? …Y-yeah, it’s basically like this.”
“I-it is? Nah, it’s nothing…”
He looked at Niko as she crossed her arms, and he cocked his
head to one side before a sudden thought struck him. “That reminds me. Don’t the trains run in the Century End stage?”
“N. Most of the tracks are destroyed,” Pard responded from
behind Niko. She asked why with her eyes, so he explained,

scratching at one side of his helmet.
“Oh, it’s just kinda far to Marunouchi, where the east gate of
the Castle is, so I was just wondering how we’d move. It’ll take a
while if we walk, so…”
The instant she heard this, Niko’s eye lenses flashed. Just as a
bad feeling came over him, the small, crimson-red avatar hugged
him. “Big brother! This time for sure, you gotta fly with just me in
your arms! I mean, I’m the special guest and all!”
“N-no, that’s, um…”
“Whoa, hey, Red! You just said we shouldn’t give you special
treatment!”
When Kuroyukihime’s scary voice suddenly echoed from directly behind him, Haruyuki could do nothing but freeze.
“And exactly what are you going to do, flying ahead with Crow
when there are so few of us to begin with?!”
“That’s that, then. We’ll just have to get big brother to carry all
of us this time!”
“Wh-whaaaaat?! N-no, no, I can’t. Seven people is too much!”
“Ha-ha-ha! I was kidding! A joke!” Niko turned off angel mode
and released Haruyuki before jumping down behind him. She
whirled her head around and said in a completely different tone,
“I’ll be your taxi to Marunouchi. Huge freebie for you. Step back a
little, yeah?”
“Huh? O-kay…”
She had said “taxi,” but Niko’s main body was the smallest of
any of them; she looked like she might have been just barely able
to carry Maiden. However, with all of her Enhanced Armament
deployed, just as her nickname Immobile Fortress would have it,

she was tens of times bigger, but her mobility was lacking.
Haruyuki and the other six members of the Black Legion all
cocked their collective heads to the side, but Pard casually got
some distance, so they followed her example. Left alone in the
middle of the grounds, Niko thrust her right hand up and
shouted, “Equip Invincible!!”
Instantly, her small body was wrapped in a pillar of red light.
A throaty roar shook the air, and a massive object materialized in
the space around her. Niko’s body floated up into space in the
middle of missile pods, gun blocks, armaments for both sides,
armor plating with thrusters for her rear, and four massive limbs,
and then, with an even more remarkable roar, the equipment
fused together.
He had seen this any number of times, but Haruyuki was always overwhelmed by this might, so befitting the name Red King.
Still, her figure, essentially transformed into a fixed fort, was a far
cry from a taxi, no matter how he looked at it.
But.
Niko, enveloped in the center of the armament squad, her eye
lenses alone shining, shouted another voice command in a highpitched voice. “Change: Dreadnought!!”
Once more, a low roar shook the earth. The leg-part blocks
sticking out on all four sides rotated and fused, two in the front,
two in the back. The angled gun block in the front slid forward,
and the missile pods were tucked away behind it. In the very rear,
the thruster-equipped armor was stored. The main armaments to
the right and left were attached to both sides, and finally, a total
of twelve thick tires appeared beneath the leg blocks. What existed before Haruyuki’s eyes was no longer a fixed gun battery,
but a massive armed trailer that easily surpassed a total of ten
meters in length.

Gaping, dumbfounded, Haruyuki thought abruptly, Oh, is that
it?
This was the new power Niko had mentioned the previous
evening: Acquiring the ability to move while still maintaining a
certain level of firepower—not an immovable stronghold, but a
Mobile Fortress.
Pard turned toward the frozen Black Legion members, raised
her thumb, and jerked her hand up. Then she leapt upward without a sound onto the top of the trailer, nearly three meters above
the ground.
Haruyuki and his friends looked at each other and nodded before jumping up, one after the other. Finally, Haruyuki used his
wings to carry the wheelchair with Fuko sitting in it and landed
on the flat armored surface. The top was much wider than it had
looked from below, with plenty of space left even after all seven of
them were on board.
“I do still think this isn’t a taxi,” Utai murmured, and everyone
bobbed their head in agreement.
Not seeming to pay any mind to this remark, Niko, tucked
away in the front of the trailer, shouted forcefully, “So we don’t
run into any huge Enemies or other Burst Linkers, once we get
past Kannana, we’ll blast down back roads! So hang on tight!”
“Uh, um, Niko, seats or seat belts or at least a strap to hang on
to…”
“Don’t be such a wimp. I’m not a taxi! Wohkay! Off to the Castle. Here! We! Goooooo!”
The engine—Which is where? Haruyuki wondered—roared,
and the massive trailer jumped forward, smoke peeling up from
all twelve tires. In the blink of an eye, they were cutting diagonally across the Umesato Junior High grounds, and they pulver-

ized what had once been the school festival gate as they pulled
out onto the road.
Once they had gone just a little bit north, they turned right,
drifting on twelve fearsome wheels. They had no sooner flown
onto Oume Highway than they began to charge east with enough
force to crush the asphalt road surface.
Leaning forward against the acceleration, Haruyuki lifted his
face and stared into the night sky dead ahead. From far-off Suginami, he couldn’t actually see it, but below this sky was the Castle, guarded by a Super-level Enemy, and Tokyo Midtown Tower,
holding the main body of the ISS kits.
Curren. Today, I’m going to pay you back for helping me that
time. And Ash, Kusakabe…Hang on just a little longer. We’re
going to end this. We’ll make Rin’s suffering go away.
“…For sure!” Haruyuki affirmed to himself, clenching his fist
tightly.
On his forearm, he spied the light-conducting crystal that was
proof he’d obtained the Optical Conduction ability. For just a moment, it collected the light of the hazy night and shone brightly.
To be continued.

AFTERWORD
Thank you for reading Accel World 13: Signal Fire at the Water’s
Edge.
I gave this book that subtitle with the meaning of a signal fire
going up on the very edge of the border. In other words, the sign
of the counteroffensive has been shot up and will pull on into the
next volume. Since the Armor of Catastrophe arc took several
books, from six to nine, I think the Metatron arc will take at least
three, but it might just end up being the same four volumes long.
I’m not planning to go all the way to five volumes…No, I definitely won’t! I swear it on the ISS kit shining in my chest!
All of which means that this volume is one in which problems
aren’t really resolved (and in fact, they increase in number), but
Aqua Current, one of the Four Elements—and who first appeared
in the story “The Sound of Water on a Distant Day,” collected in
Volume 10—was able to come back to the Legion, so I’m relieved
at the long-awaited increase in battle power. And, well, I won’t
deny that it’s unfortunate that one element of the character, the
fact that she is level one, will be so quickly reversed, although this
is an inevitable development given the course of the story (lol).
But I would like to be able to tell the story of why she continued
to work as a bodyguard and stay at level one for such a long time
and her motivations for that in the next volume.
And one other thing in this volume I finally got to write about
was the Umesato Junior High school festival, which had been
foretold by just its date a fair while back. For the festival, I tried
to write in a style of depicting the details of an event one after another, something I don’t really do, but I was a little unsure about

it, so I put the question, “How does this style of writing work…?”
to my editor, and she replied, “Actually, this is the usual in a light
novel,” and I thought, “Oh, I get it!” Since basically all the AW
heroines are together (for some reason, Kuroyukihime alone isn’t
there…), I do hope you had fun with it.
In the Territories in the middle again, as the rival team members,
I had the pleasure of introducing avatars that I received during
the campaign for duel avatar proposals. Thank you so much to
Uda, who designed Blaze Heart, Yuno for Ochre Prison, and
Uraomote Yamaneko for Peach Parasol! In putting them into the
story, I took the liberty of doing some fine-tuning of the avatar
names and abilities. I appreciate your understanding.
When Volume 13 is published, more than a month of 2013 will
have passed, and I suppose it will be the time when all kinds of
things start to settle down. I’m writing this afterword in December 2012, so I’m looking back on a tumultuous year as I tap at the
keyboard.
The Accel World anime started airing in April and finished in
September, but with all the preparation, meetings, and writing of
small additional pieces, I was involved with the anime version for
nearly two years. The hard parts were hard, but I gained so much
from the experience. I’d like to make use of all of that to continue
to write with the aim of even more interesting stories. I do hope
you will continue to have the same unwavering support for
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime and all their friends in 2013 as well!
Reki Kawahara
On a certain day in December 2012

