1
Blackout.
Spotlight.
In the circle of white light: an enormous matte column,
painted scarlet. Leaning back against its curved surface: a small
doll, not a real person. The doll’s body is covered in metal armor
of a silver hue, head encased in a helmet of the same.
A faint light grows to illuminate the surroundings. Nighttime.
Countless bonfires flicker silently. The initial red column is not
the only one; similar pillars stretch out in a seemingly endless
row. The ground is blanketed by snow-white gravel. In the distant
background, the silhouette of a massive palace looms. The silver
helmet moves to gaze at the faraway castle.
…It’s not “absolutely impregnable.” Not even close.
He couldn’t help grumbling to himself, even though he was
only too aware that this was totally a “reap what you sow” kind of
situation.
He couldn’t voice this complaint out loud. Actually, he
couldn’t even allow himself the soft crunch of a single footstep.
The instant he made the slightest sound, the terrifying samuraitype Enemies parading around within the fortress might descend
on him and attack all at once.
Each samurai was at most three meters tall. Enemies five
times that size in the Beast class that lived in the world outside

were not at all unusual. But the samurai, strutting through the
long hallways and the tops of the castle walls in groups of three or
four, armor clanging, emitted a concentrated pressure greater
than Beasts, on par with Legends—or even the Four Gods standing guard at the gates of the palace.
Naturally, the fact that he had been able to get into the inner
sanctuary of the palace—the solemn Castle reaching to the heavens in the center of the Unlimited Neutral Field—was precisely
because he had breached the guard of those Four Gods. That said,
however, this in no way meant he would be able to defeat even
one of those samurai. Rather than breaching the guard of the
Gods, it would be more accurate to say he had found a gap to
sneak in through or, perhaps, made it inside through mere
chance.
There has to at least be a leave portal in here, he told himself
silently, to push back the fear and anxiety filling his heart.
Reflecting the light of the torches inside the Castle, his metal
avatar was frozen right through, his heart echoing as it pounded
beneath the somewhat dull silver of his armor. He was clearly in a
desperate situation, the biggest crisis of his life as a BB player.
Still, he couldn’t deny that he felt just the tiniest bit excited.
It had already been eleven months since the birth of the Accelerated World—since Brain Burst, the full-dive fighting game application created by an unknown developer, had been distributed
to approximately one hundred first-grade students living in the
heart of Tokyo. Many players, after reaching level four during
that time and thereby earning the right to dive into the Unlimited
Neutral Field, challenged the massive palace enthroned in the
center of this world. Given that it was in a location that corresponded to the Imperial Palace in the real world, and the
supreme gravitas of the structure (surrounded as it was by cliffs),
it obviously had to be the final objective of the game—in the
words of a child, the last boss’s castle.

But the challenges of every Burst Linker had been knocked
aside with a single breath by the terrifying super Enemies, the
Four Gods.
Genbu in the north. Seiryu in the east. Byakko in the west. And
Suzaku in the south. While each was an independent Enemy with
a five-level HP gauge, they also had the ability to support and
heal one another. Specifically, the Gods not in combat sent
buffers and heals to those fighting at the other gates with alarming force, which meant that players could not focus their fighting
strength to crush each God individually. They also had to split
their forces up and simultaneously attack all four. But that sort of
large-scale strategy was not possible when the total number of
Burst Linkers still had not reached five hundred, and these few
players were divided into countless tiny Legions that were constantly wrangling with one another. In some cases, players who
dared to challenge the Gods had taken a small-scale squad to
charge one of the gates, only to die well onto the bridge, where
they fell into Unlimited Enemy Death—although the term was not
coined until later—and lost all their burst points.
Given all this, it only made sense that he’d be the tiniest bit
thrilled at being inside the Castle, despite the fact that he hadn’t
actually defeated the Four Gods.
If he could push on and reach the depths of the palace to get
his hands on the final flag item there—whatever it was—perhaps
his name would be forever etched into the narrative of the Accelerated World as the first person to clear Brain Burst.
He, a subdued metal color possessed of no significant abilities,
was never paid any particular attention by anyone. His name—
Chrome Falcon.
Although his avatar name was kind of cool with the falcon bit, or
maybe because of that, Chrome Falcon’s abilities and appearance
had long been deemed to not live up to that name. And not just

by his duel opponents; he thought so himself.
The only part of his avatar that resembled a bird of prey was
the mask, which tapered to a sharp point at the bottom in the
shape of a beak. His face was a smooth silver with no eye lenses,
and he couldn’t shake the impression that this made him look like
someone’s underling. His body was long and slender; his limbs
had nothing in the way of weapons. Naturally, there was nothing
that even hinted at wings on his back.
The only person who said his duel avatar—which had nothing
but the attack abilities of Punch and Kick, the speed that came
from being small, and the hardness of his body—was “amazing”
was his tag-team partner, Saffron Blossom. He believed her sincerity in saying so, but at the very least, he wished he had something to complement her abilities.
Blossom had, as her name suggested, the power to make flowers bloom. She shot different kinds of seeds from a small stick in
her right hand and embedded them in the Enemy—or an ally
avatar. The flowers that bloomed after a certain period of time
manifested a variety of effects, such as eating up health or special-attack gauges, stopping legs, or, conversely, applying buffer
effects or removing debuffing effects. Critical gossips called this a
“parasitic attack” and other unpleasant things, but even among
other yellow colors, a duel avatar as all-purpose as she was was
hard to find.
Of course, if a player had that much power, then naturally
some other part of their skill set would have to be sacrificed, and
in Blossom’s case, it was her fairly unreliable defensive power. To
compensate for this weakness, she tag-teamed with the hard,
metallic Falcon, and even after nearly six months of fighting together, that anxiety still lived in his heart. The anxiety about what
would happen if someone even harder came along and invited
Blossom to partner up.
The metallic color wheel, separate from the so-called normal

color wheel, had the precious metals platinum and gold on the far
left, and the base metals steel and iron on the right. Precious,
base—regardless, the potential was the same if the level was, with
placement on the left side being stronger against special attacks
with poison, acid, or corrosion, and the farther right you went,
the stronger the avatar was against physical attacks from punching or swords.
Chrome was basically in the center. Not having much resistance one way or the other, this metallic color existed in no small
numbers, excelling only in the simple hardness of its armor. In
fact, it wouldn’t be at all strange to come across a better shield
among the normal colors, in the defensive-oriented green line.
In other words, given that all he had was the fact that he was a
hard metal, he had no idea when Blossom would be taken from
him.
He himself couldn’t quite grasp what this feeling was blocking
his chest. While he had somehow managed to survive up to that
point in a stronghold in the bay area of the Accelerated World,
and other players had recently given him the nickname Black
Eagle, when he burst out, he was still just an eight-year-old boy in
second grade. Or maybe that was just an excuse, too: He had already spent nearly five years of subjective time in this world of no
time limits since earning the right to dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field.
So he did actually understand it somewhere in his mind. Understand why the other day, when he finally reached level five
and obtained a certain special attack, he had immediately
thought of the Castle…And why he had acted on that idea, why he
was in this tight spot now, holding his breath, surrounded by
countless terrifying Enemies. All of it was for his love of Saffron
Blossom and his desire to monopolize her.
If he didn’t move soon, one of the samurai groups that moved
around within the palace in a fixed pattern would show up in this

hiding spot. He poked the edge of his mask out from the shadow
of the crimson pillar and took a quick peek at the situation.
His current location was a corner of the main road that connected the Suzaku gate and the main entrance of the palace itself.
It was in the southern area of the Castle’s inner garden, which in
and of itself was a circle fifteen hundred meters in diameter. On
both sides of the entrance, Enemies sat in wait, looking more like
fierce gods than samurai with their extremely vicious countenances; there was no way he could break through them. He decided instead to set his sights on one of the windows in the white
walls. Given that this was not an established route, there was a
strong possibility that they couldn’t be opened from the outside,
but if it would just please be a real window, he should be able to
get inside.
He heard the footfalls of a group of samurai Enemies on patrol
approaching from behind. Taking a deep breath, he put his right
foot forward and very quietly said the name of his technique.
“Flash Blink.”
Perhaps picking up even this quiet utterance with their sharp
ears, the samurai quickened into a run.
By then, however, the dark silver avatar had already completely disappeared from behind the pillar. Vanishing temporarily, leaving nothing but a blue afterimage, he materialized silently
along the wall of the Castle, thirty meters away.
This was Chrome Falcon’s level-five special attack, a
pseudoteleportation. Pseudo because it was an extension of the
ability to move in a straight line at high speeds, so he could only
move to somewhere he could see that was connected in space. But
while moving, his avatar changed into a particle with zero mass,
and physical and gravitational attacks were completely ineffective.

He reappeared with his back pressed up against the white wall
and watched the samurai Enemies swarming the place he had
been moments before. Having lost the intruder that was the target of their aggression, they swiveled their heads wildly in an attempt to regain their prey, but eventually, they returned to their
original patrol route as if all was forgotten and began walking at a
leisurely pace again. He heaved a sigh of relief. The attack AI of
the samurai Enemies, at any rate, was clearly not on par with the
Four Gods.
Glancing back, he looked up at the large window in the wall
behind him.
He had been anticipating this, since the Field’s attribute was
the Japanese Heian–style stage, but the window was indeed just
red latticework incorporated into the wall lengthwise, with nothing resembling glass in it. Since one square was only about three
centimeters on any given side, there wasn’t a duel avatar out
there who could slip through this gap in their given form, but…
He glanced up and checked his special-attack gauge in the
upper left of his field of view. Five percent remaining. There was
also only 20 percent left in his health gauge, but either way, a single blow from the sword of a samurai Enemy would mean instant
death, even if his gauge were full.
He carefully decided on a trajectory, planted his right foot forward, and used up the last of his gauge for a final Flash Blink.
The particulate body of Chrome Falcon slipped through the
narrow gap in the frame and finally made it into the actual Imperial Palace.
It was this ability that had made it possible for him to fool the
Four Gods and break through the absolutely impenetrable outer
walls of the palace. The method he devised had been exceedingly
simple: After charging up his special-attack gauge in advance, he
headed first toward not the large bridges guarded by the Four

Gods but the outer moat filled with infinite darkness surrounding
the palace, where he Blinked the maximum distance. That said,
even using up his entire gauge, the maximum he could travel was
a hundred meters, not even close to being enough to cross the
five-hundred-meter-wide palisade.
Because of this, he set his initial trajectory a bit higher up in
the sky. The instant he reappeared above the palisade, the indisputable force of gravity caught hold of his avatar and tried to drag
him to the bottom of the ravine, crunching away at his HP gauge.
However, since this simultaneously recharged his special-attack
gauge, he Blinked again diagonally into the sky once his gauge
had reached a certain point. Then it was a matter of repeating this
to cross the valley.
All that was well and good, but the truth was he had planned
to simply experiment today in the name of reconnaissance. Once
he confirmed that the cycle of Blink, charge, Blink was indeed
possible, he had intended to fall to his death at the bottom of the
ravine. He’d be regenerated in front of the palisade, and he could
reexamine his plan based on the information he obtained. Once
he was certain it was possible to actually implement, he would
come back to take on the challenge of the real thing.
That was how it was supposed to go, at least, but here he was
on his first try, on this reckless suicide mission, because falling
into an infinite valley had been an unbelievably terrifying experience. He completely forgot himself on the first fall and continually and intently Blinked forward, so that before he knew it, he
was clinging to the exterior wall in a trance.
The results were exactly what he’d been hoping for, but he
didn’t get the chance to stand around and pat himself on the
back.
While these eleven months since the beginning of the Accelerated World were a history of the fights among the children who
became Brain Burst players, they were at the same time also a

history of the conflict between all players and the mysterious
game developer. The children turned all their youthful enthusiasm toward seeking out holes in the system—finding ways to earn
delicious points—and the moment they found one, the developer
plugged it up with an update patch. Any point-earning tech that
had the faintest whiff of deceit such as Enemy Stalking or Tool
Cheating (using external programs in the real world within the
game) was dealt with so fast, it was surprising compared with
other net games, and they could no longer use it. From the speed
of this reaction, more than a few players insisted that it wasn’t a
human who developed and ran BB, but rather an AI.
At any rate, the unknown developer appeared to be firm in
their refusal to allow any back doors or shortcuts. And more than
that, this developer sternly demanded payment equal to whatever
the player was trying to gain in the Accelerated World.
Which meant that there was absolutely no way the developer
was going to approve of Chrome Falcon flying over the moat to
break into the impenetrable Castle, rather than going through the
proper route through one of the four gates. A patch would be applied soon enough, and the super gravity of that palisade would
be able to grab hold of even Flash Blink, a technique impervious
to physical and gravitational effects. Maybe it was already being
fixed at that very moment.
So this was his first and last chance.
I’m going to get something or do something here, and become
a Burst Linker worthy of partnering with Saffron Blossom. So
that I won’t have to live in fear of losing her anymore. So that I
make her happy she chose me.
And, more than anything else, to pay her back for talking to
me and reaching out to me, when I did nothing but look down at
the ground in this world, just like in the real one.
Once he slipped in through the window frame, he was met

with beautifully polished wooden floors and an inside wall made
up of sliding fusuma doors, adorned with gorgeous color prints.
Candlesticks stood at evenly spaced intervals, orange flames flickering quietly. No sign of any Enemies at the moment.
Checking the window behind him, he saw a small latch at the
bottom. It wasn’t a meaningless decorative object; when he unlocked it and gently pushed on the window, the entire vermilionpainted frame lifted up soundlessly outward. At the very least, if
he made it back here, he could get out of the Castle’s inner sanctuary.
But there would be no leave point portal there if he did. And
he couldn’t exactly go home empty-handed after having come all
this way. He’d made it to this point; he could only keep going
deeper and deeper inside as far as his nerves and his luck would
hold.
He held his breath beneath his silver mask and carefully began
walking forward, as if his slender avatar were melting into the
gloom.
How many hours—or days, for all he knew—had passed?
He had dived into the Unlimited Neutral Field right after he
got home from elementary school, so logically, he had the leeway
of staying in this world for a few days easily, or even a few
months. In fact, he had once spent three months on a dive together with Blossom—or, rather, living together with her.
That said, continuing to advance while avoiding the range of
detection of the Shinto priest and samurai Enemies several levels
more terrifying than the ones in the garden was a more difficult
task than he could have imagined. If Falcon hadn’t been a small,
lightweight type, it likely would have been an impossible one. At
the same time, the assumption of the architecture seemed to be
that the palace would be captured by a large army of several
dozens or even hundreds. The halls were excessively wide, the

ceilings high. Because of this, somehow, he had been able to
dodge the Enemy groups on patrol and make his way forward,
but his powers of concentration were very nearly at their limit.
Big, deep breath. He used the air to cool his head and tried to
pick out where he would go next from the shadow of a thick pillar.
The diameter of the entire Castle was fifteen hundred meters,
and the distance from Suzakumon to the main gate guarded by
the demon god was approximately four hundred meters. In which
case, the size of the inner sanctuary should have been at most
about seven hundred meters from north to south. He figured he
had already advanced five hundred meters since he made it inside, so he should be getting to the center of the inner sanctuary
soon.
Sure enough, at the end of a hallway stretching northward, he
could see a remarkable large space and a mysterious light shining
in the floor there.
Lined up, two of them. Transparent blue, flickering like the
surface of water.
He had seen this color before. There was no mistaking it; this
was the light of the leave points—also known as portals—set up in
the landmarks of all areas of the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Unconsciously, he let out a sigh of relief before gulping hard. If
he simply left now for the real world, not only would he not have
the glory of clearing the game, he wouldn’t even be able to bring
home a single piece of evidence that he had succeeded in breaking into the Castle. But then, why had he Blinked do-or-die toward the infinite palisade wall and endured the tension of this
sneaking around for however many dozens of hours…?
No.

His original motivation for this personal mission hadn’t been
as utilitarian as that. He had simply wanted something, one
thing, that could be the core of his self-confidence. Something
that would give him the power to keep standing proudly next to
Saffron Blossom.
In which case, this was already enough. He had infiltrated the
most dangerous area in the Accelerated World, had made it to the
innermost sanctum, and would return alive. Even if he was the
only one who knew all this, it should give him a certain strength
for a long time to come. It was indeed a fact that he had achieved
something that even the Pure Colors, currently deemed the
strongest in the world, couldn’t do.
When he thought about it, there had been absolutely no explicit statement from the system side on what would happen
when this magnificent, mysterious game known as Brain Burst
was cleared. The name of the person who beat it might be announced to the entire Accelerated World, they might be given a
certain amount of points in lieu of prize money and a certain sort
of Enhanced Armament in lieu of a prize, and then the game
could continue on. It would be nice if that happened, at least, but
it wasn’t hard to imagine the ending theme suddenly playing as
the credits scrolled by, and then THE END flashing in front of their
eyes in all caps before the program was deleted from the Neurolinker of every BB player. And since he had naturally never met
Blossom in the real and they hadn’t exchanged real contact information, if that happened, he’d never get to see her again.
Which was why he was sure that, if he did discover some clearflag-ish item in this castle, he probably wouldn’t touch it. This
was enough. Making it back alive through the portal was the
greatest reward he could hope for with this mission.
Perhaps the actual god of the Accelerated World took pity on
the sober metal color as he made this laudable speech to himself.
Because, awaiting him in the open space he mustered up the last
of his concentration to sneak into, lay no simple portal.

Two ellipses next to each other, filled with a quivering blue
light, the very same light as found in the many leave points existing outside the Castle. But each had a strange object directly in
front of it.
Stone pillars about a meter high, lustrous and black. No, perhaps better to call them pedestals. Atop each sat an object. On
silent feet, he approached the one on the left.
Tilting his head back slightly, he saw enthroned there, bathed
in the light of the portal, a single sword—though maybe it was a
katana. The reason he couldn’t say for sure either way was that,
although the workmanship on the guard and the grip looked
Japanese, the scabbard was a perfectly straight line without a
hint of a curve to it. The whole thing was a mirrorlike silver
metal, with exceedingly little decoration.
Still, he could tell at a glance that this straight sword harbored
terrifying power. If it was an Enhanced Armament, he had no
doubt it was in the strongest class or maybe even beyond that.
Just looking at it, he could feel a pressure that possibly rivaled
that of a Legend-class Enemy at extremely close range—or even
the Four Gods, which he had seen just once before, and they had
almost taken his breath away.
With effort, he pulled his gaze away from the straight sword
and looked again at the black, granite-like pedestal. A square
metal plate was embedded on the front of it, with several shapes
and characters carved into it.
The one at the very top was made up of seven connected dots,
placed in a shape like a letter P that had fallen on its side to the
left. He had seen this same shape when they studied the constellations in his elementary school science class: a square drawn by
four stars and a tail of a line of three, the ladle-shaped Big Dipper. Staring at it closely, in the center of the dipper part, he saw
that the fifth star from the left was the only one drawn larger than
the others.

Under the constellation were two kanji characters, rare in the
Accelerated World so full of English. They were jewel and point,
and maybe read as gyokusho, but he didn’t know what they
meant together like this. And then farther down was another line,
this one in roman letters.
THE INFINITY.
He was pretty sure that meant boundless. It was probably the
name of this straight sword Enhanced Armament in the system.
Rolling the name around over and over beneath his silver mask,
he slipped a few steps to the right and looked up at the other
pedestal.
If he was forced to describe it, he’d say that sitting on this one
was a Western design full-body defensive tool.
Armor.
It wasn’t anything oppressive. In a general VRMMORPG, it
would likely be classed as light armor. The helmet was a crown
type, and the chest, shoulder, and arm parts were also minimal.
The lower body was nothing but knee-high boots. But there
wasn’t a hint of cheapness to it. Like the sword, the entirety of the
armor was mirrored silver, and concealed an incredible density of
information that seemed like it would repel any and every attack.
Even the air around it looked like it was warped somehow. Compared with this, even the armor of metallic Chrome Falcon was a
toy.
Suppressing a sigh, he checked the plate on this one.
The overall design was the same as that of the sword pedestal.
The upper part was a bas-relief of the Big Dipper. However, the
larger star in this one was the sixth from the left. The kanji carved
into it was again two characters, maybe read as kaiyou. And
again, he didn’t understand their meaning.

And then the English name at the very bottom was—
THE DESTINY. He was pretty sure this meant…fate.
Once he had read that far, he took a step back and finally allowed himself to exhale heavily. Both were probably Enhanced
Armaments in the top class in the Accelerated World. Sword and
armor.
If he reached a hand out and touched them, they’d be his. He
had heard rumors about finding Enhanced Armaments sitting on
pedestals like this in the depths of dungeons, albeit in small numbers, all over the Unlimited Neutral Field.
But what bothered him were the portals shimmering immediately behind the pedestals. Obviously, these had to be related. In
all probability, when he touched one item or the other, the portal
would activate at the same time and forcefully return him to the
real world.
In addition to the items being the activation key, these portals
were likely one-time use only, and while one was activated, the
neighboring pedestal was probably locked. In other words, an individual or a group could obtain either the sword or the armor,
but not both at once. At any rate, he was faced with an either/or
choice.
Just a few minutes earlier, he had thought just having made it
in and gotten back out was plenty, but given this new development, he couldn’t come to such complete terms with the idea that
he was unable to refrain from stretching his hand out toward the
pedestals. His real-world age was eight, after all, and even adding
in the time he had spent accelerated, he was still only thirteen.
From the placement, it was clear that he couldn’t use either
portal unless he touched one of the armaments. But which one?
He had no doubt that he would become markedly stronger

than he was at that moment, whether he equipped the sword or
the armor. But it was meaningless if Chrome Falcon alone was
enhanced. He needed to think about this with the assumption of
tag-teaming with Saffron Blossom. The meaning of his existence
was to protect her. So then the sword. Becoming any harder than
he already was as a metal color, a defensive type to begin with,
was gilding the lily. He turned toward the INFINITY pedestal, and
legs that had begun to take a step toward it froze on the spot.

He had to protect Blossom. If that was his sole desire, then there
was an even more optimal solution. A way to remove her weak
point, her thin armor, and make it so that she could endure the
fiercest of concentrated attacks.
Clenching his right hand into a fist, he banished the reluctance
and desire that beat hard once in the center of his chest before
stretching a hand out to the pure silver armor enshrined on the
pedestal to the right.
Before he even had the chance to realize that his fingertips
were touching it, a purple system message scrolled through the
center of his vision along with a light sound effect.
YOU ACQUIRED AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT: THE DESTINY.
The armor transformed into particles of light and dissolved
while the blue light of the portal spread out and engulfed Chrome
Falcon.
Blackout.
Spotlight.
In the center of the circle of white light, a comfortable although not particularly large room pops up out of the gloom.
The walls and the floor are well-polished wood. In one corner,
a black cooking stove. Hazy steam rises up from the pot on top.
On the wall on the opposite side is a large bed. And on top of the
snow-white sheets, two human shapes are seated side by side.
But they are not flesh-and-blood people. The body of one is
enveloped in a dark silver armor. And the other’s entire form is a
bright golden yellow, like the sun. The design of its short hair,
shoulders, and hips is reminiscent of a flower that has just started
to open.

Facing the silver figure hanging his head—a child being
scolded—the golden yellow flower lightly raises an adorable fist.
“Honestly! Are you stupid?!”
She rapped his helmet sharply over and over. Pulling his neck
in as far as it went, he made the same excuse he had already
made repeatedly.
“Wh-which is why it was just supposed to be a test at first!”
“Then you should’ve come back the same way right away! Why
would you just wander into the palace like that?!”
“B-because my HP was already pretty low…And I wasn’t sure if
I’d actually regenerate on the outside again if I Blinked from the
inside of the valley and died halfway, okay…?”
“Even if you did regenerate on the inside, your HP gauge
would be totally recovered, so you could’ve just jumped back to
the outside with Blink!”
“Unh…You’re totally right, but…”
He had absolutely no hope of winning over his more logical
partner in this sort of back-and-forth. As he dropped his shoulders dejectedly, Chrome Falcon heard a heavy sigh, followed by a
slender hand stroking the top of his helmet slowly, instead of another punch.
“Well, I have to give you credit for being adventurous enough
to try and get into the Castle, and for having the nerves to go so
deep and come back alive. You really did good, Fal.”
At this praise, he raised his head, feeling his chest tighten unconsciously. In front of him, a gentle smile spread across Saffron
Blossom’s sweet face mask.

“Th-thanks, Fron,” he murmured, staring into her light blue
eye lenses.
Blossom shrugged as if embarrassed, pulled her hand away
from Chrome Falcon’s head, and stood up.
“I’ll put on some tea. Oh! And I’ll cut some cake to celebrate
your safe return. I bought a really tasty one from the food shop in
the Ginza Area back then.”
He watched his partner trot off to the other side of the room,
where the kitchen was, and felt any number of emotions rise up
in his chest once more, rendering him unable to speak.
After years—naturally, in Accelerated-World time—of hunting
Enemies together, they had finally been able to buy the key to this
small house in a corner of the Bay Area in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, the reclaimed land called Odaiba in the real world. For Falcon, using those points to level up or buy an Enhanced Armament
was indeed appealing, but seeing how moved Blossom was the
first time he opened the door to their new residence instantly
banished all such childish desires from his heart.
Since then, this room, with the household items they had
brought in bit by bit over the course of nearly a year, was for Falcon now a more comfortable space than his own bedroom in the
real world. Unlike the condo he lived in essentially alone, no
brothers or sisters and parents working late every day, Blossom
was always here in this room. Although sleeping in the bed together had unsurprisingly been fairly awkward for a while.
Why had she been so fixated on buying a house? She’d told
him a month ago in real-world time.
Saffron Blossom had been born with an incurable disease that
caused reduced performance of the mitochondria in her cells.
Since it was genetic, the most cutting-edge micromachine treatment was ineffective. Although at present, her symptoms were on

the level of tiring easily and getting headaches, she would eventually have attacks of seizure and paralysis, and at some point, lesions would spread to her heart. She had even been told by doctors that she most likely wouldn’t reach adulthood. The reason
she had been continuously wearing a Neurolinker since she was a
newborn, a device that had only just come onto the market then,
was to keep constant watch over her symptoms.
In the same bed they were sitting on now, Blossom had
grinned brightly at Falcon, unable to do anything but listen with
wide-open eyes.
“Don’t make that face, Fal. Even if something does happen,
we’re talking ten or fifteen years from now. And we have Brain
Burst, don’t we? In this Accelerated World, I can live a proper
full life, like everyone else. I’ll buy a cute and wonderful house
and live there forever with the person I love, just the two of us…”
Blossom laughed, almost embarrassed, and when he accidentally asked, “Is that me?” she slapped at him.
He was happy. But at the same time, he felt a faint fear. Am I
really enough?—that fear. Is Chrome Falcon really qualified to
share the rest of Blossom’s life with her? That fear, too. The fact
that he had taken on the extremely reckless challenge of infiltrating the Castle by himself was also because of that fear, which sat
in the depths of his heart.
Which was why now that he had come back alive from the
place, he couldn’t help but turn toward his partner in profile at
the small table before him on which she had readied cake and tea
and ask, “Hey, Fron? Why…Why me? I don’t have any real abilities. And I’m basically half-baked even for a metal color. Why’d
you choose me?”
For a moment, Blossom looked puzzled before she abruptly
pursed her lips tightly. “Aah, you forgot! Look, Fal, you’re the one
who invited me to team up originally! You started talking to me in

a superquiet voice in the Gallery, and I had to ask you to repeat
yourself I don’t know how many times.”
“What…W-was that how it went?”
Flustered, he dug around in his memory, but that incident was
already almost five years ago in experienced time. Even so, in the
distant scene that drifted hazily back to life in the back of his
head, it was indeed him speaking to Blossom first. You really had
some nerve, huh? A virtual sweat broke out all over his avatar’s
body as Blossom set down the teapot and walked over to him,
slapping her hand down on his shoulder.
“So then I’ll ask you, Fal. Why’d you choose me? I didn’t have
any techniques at all back then, and I was being hunted by the
high-firepower types. So why?”
How can I tell you? That I knew you were the one the moment I saw you?
But he apparently couldn’t hide the strong emotions in his
heart from his tag-team partner of so many years. Smiling gently,
the sun-colored avatar wrapped slender arms around his helmet
and hugged it to her chest.
“Me, too. I thought the same thing. There’s no other reason or
anything, and I’ve never once regretted it…Now let’s have some
tea. And then let’s go look at the ocean. It’s a Twilight stage outside right now, so I’m sure the sunset will be beautiful.”
Blackout.
Spotlight.
In the center of the white ring of light, two human figures appear, standing huddled close together. Chrome silver and saffron
yellow.

The light that follows highlights a broad vista. The gentle
ocean, the sun sinking into the horizon. The reflected light of the
setting sun glittering between the waves strongly resembles the
colors enveloping the two who stand watching it.
The night view of Tokyo Bay seen from Akatsuki Futo Park in the
southwest corner of Odaiba was so beautiful, it almost made him
wonder if it was really a 3-D graphic reconstructed from social
camera images.
However, he could see none of the airplanes that would have
been taking off and landing nonstop at Haneda Airport on the opposite shore if this had been the real world; in their place, a large
pterosaur Enemy danced lazily in the orange sky. Blowing salt
water up high into the air along the coast of the bay was not a
whale, but rather a plesiosaur.
Every time he looked out on the vast Unlimited Neutral Field
like this with Blossom, he simply couldn’t stop himself from
thinking.
Just what exactly was this world created for? And what purpose is there in inviting only young children into it?
With his elementary school–student knowledge, he couldn’t
even imagine the total amount of money that would have to be
spent on building and managing such an enormous system. And
up to that point, the so-called BB players had not paid a single
yen in fees. There were all kinds of rumors that it was maybe
market research for a major game company or a PR company’s
new marketing method, but if that were the case, the program
was distributed to far too few people to produce any real results.
About a year earlier, a hundred or so children had received
client packages from an untraceable transmission source. Of
these, a mere 30 percent had been able to make it to level two,
where they could exercise the right to copy and install an unlimited number of times as a guardian—thirty people. From there, it

had spread out again in the community of game-loving children
as a medium, and although at present it had expanded to a total
of five hundred people centered in the south of the twenty-three
wards of Tokyo, this was still a scale so small as to make no sense
for a business sales strategy.
Right from the start, the requirements to become a player of
this Brain Burst game were too strict. There weren’t that many
children who had been constantly wearing a Neurolinker since
immediately after birth, allowing them long hours of full-dive experience. At any rate, the Brain Burst program was equipped with
an installation compatibility checker module, so players could secretly check whether or not someone met the requirements in the
background before sending them a file through a wired or ad hoc
connection. Falcon hadn’t found a single person around him who
qualified. And so, although he was already at level five, he had recently abandoned all efforts to become a “parent.”
Why? This parallel universe containing infinities in terms of
space and time, what was it for…
“Are you thinking about it again, Fal?” Saffron Blossom murmured suddenly, coming to stand beside him. He blinked rapidly
beneath his silver mask and cut off his rambling thoughts.
“Oh…yeah…I don’t really feel it in the general field, but looking out at the Unlimited Field like this, I can’t help but wonder.
About where I—where we’re being taken.”
“…I know. I get that feeling…I think. Lately, when I talk to my
friends or my family in the real world, sometimes, they give me
these weird looks. I don’t mean for anything to change, but without even knowing it, I’m using these words and things I didn’t
used to use…”
Blossom leaned into him helplessly, and he put a hand on her
shoulder to pull her closer.

“There’s no way around it,” he continued. “I mean, we’ve spent
—no, lived five years in this world already. We’ve seen a lot of
things in that time, talked about a lot of stuff, had a lot of
thoughts. If we’re just talking the age of our souls, then we’re way
past sixth grade already. But…it’s not all bad, you know. The old
me would have been too embarrassed to even be in the same
place with a girl like you, much less talk to you.”
“Ha-ha! From where I’m standing, you’re still very much a kid,
Mr. Peregrine.” Blossom smiled slightly, but her cherubic face
mask was soon colored with sorrow again. “Hey, Fal? You hear
about…about what happens to players who lose all their points
and have the BB program uninstalled?”
He froze instantly at these murmured words, but then quickly
released that tension and took pains to make sure his voice was
level as he replied, “I’m sure it’s just a rumor. I mean, if you’re
talking about that thing where players who lose the program also
lose all their memories of the Accelerated World…I mean, it’s totally impossible. They can’t just manipulate a person’s memories
like that.”
“But if we’re talking about that, the technology to accelerate
your thoughts a thousand times, I mean, I couldn’t believe it at
first. To be honest, I don’t fully understand the mechanism even
now. Which is why I thought maybe deleting memories might be
true, too…”
Given that his own grasp on the fundamental technology behind Brain Burst was also fairly tenuous, Falcon could only sit in
silence.
Both of them were first-generation BB players, players with no
“parents,” thought to number fewer than twenty already now, and
neither had ever had a child of their own. So they hadn’t had any
opportunity to actually verify the rumor that players who lost the
program also lost their memories.

Even if they did have such an opportunity, however, getting
proof was likely difficult. Because according to the rumor, those
who left the Accelerated World lost interest in and detailed
knowledge of Brain Burst rather than completely losing all related memories. A manipulation of the mind with a buffer, as it
were, that didn’t create a blank spot in the player’s memory or
make too much of a strange impression on the people around
them. This might have been a more terrifying measure than a
complete erasure of the memories.
One day, a comrade from the same Legion or a partner bound
by the strong bond of parent and child suddenly forgets themselves—or rather, they don’t; they simply no longer show any interest in the whole thing. They treat all those other people as acquaintances they don’t care one way or the other about. If that
was how it ended, maybe it would have been better to be made
into a complete stranger. At least then, there would still be the
slim chance that you could meet and become friends once more…
These chilly thoughts suddenly shook his avatar. And then a
whispered voice reached his ears:
“Fal. The thing is, I—in a little while, I think I might make a
child.”
“What…”
He stared down at his partner’s face, her words completely unexpected. Blossom smiled for a moment as if embarrassed, but
regained her composure soon enough and started speaking quietly.
“I never had the confidence that I could take care of a child, so
I never managed to take the plunge, but lately, my win ratio in
the general duels has stabilized, and I’ve collected a fair bit of
know-how about fighting Enemies, right? So that means that
even if my child’s in danger points-wise, I should be able to support them to a certain extent. Still, that doesn’t mean I’d spoil

them and transfer them for free, y’know? Maybe like they could
pay me back when they hit level four and can go hunting Enemies?”
“Uh…Uh-huh, right…”
He nodded as he thought about how Blossom would for sure
be a strict, but kind and solid mom—or rather, “parent.”
Turning her gaze away from Falcon and out toward the commanding view of the Pacific Ocean beyond Tokyo Bay, Saffron
Blossom said something even more surprising. “And, like, this is
way, way in the future, but I’m thinking of starting a Legion one
day.”
“Huh? You’re gonna do the Territories?” he asked, flustered,
and her short, golden yellow hair swung wildly from side to side.
“No, no. This area around Odaiba’s been a blank zone all this
time, so maybe I’ll just make a territory announcement, but that’s
not my goal. I don’t want to make a fighting Legion…I dunno,
more like a cooperative Legion.”
“Cooperative? Like everyone helping each other?”
“Yeah, like that. I said before that if my child was in trouble,
I’d give them points and then they’d pay me back one day, right? I
was kind of thinking I could maybe turn that into a larger-scale
system.”
His partner’s words had at last gone beyond the realm of his
comprehension, and he cocked his head deeply to one side. Blossom whirled around to face him and took both of his hands.
“Look, Fal,” she said, the look on her face even more serious.
“We’ve been a tag team since we were level one, right? Both of us
lost ourselves in the fight, and we rose up to levels two, three,
four. And before you know it, we’re level five. But now I think we

were incredibly lucky. I mean…it’s not something I especially like
to think about, but the flip side of us leveling up is who knows
how many BB players losing all their points and leaving the Accelerated World…”
“……”
It was just like she said. He personally had only seen that instant when someone’s points dropped to zero a few times, but it
was a definite fact that a mere eleven months after the game
started, four out of five of the first generation had already disappeared.
When he was unable to even nod at the weight of her words,
the small hands gripping his wrists moved gently, as if to comfort
him. At the same time came a soft murmur.
“Sorry, Fal. It’s not like I especially regret anything. Brain
Burst’s a fighting game; someone has to win, someone has to lose.
I’m not trying to deny that basic principle. But…But, you know,
the idea of my points dropping to zero, of losing this program, my
memories, everything, of never being able to come to this world
again…It’s just too harsh. I’ve seen so many people with only a
few points left, and they didn’t look like they were having fun at
all. And if it’s not fun anymore, it’s not a game…”
Maybe that harshness is exactly what the mysterious game
developer wanted. The thought flitted through his mind, but he
didn’t say it out loud. Instead, he asked gently, “So…you want to
make a cooperative Legion?”
“…Yeah. We’ll save up a lot of points and then lend them to
people about to lose theirs. Once they’re stabilized, they can participate in Enemy hunts to pay them back. These five years, I’ve
learned all the tricks of hunting, so much so that I hate it. As long
as we have this know-how, we should be able to seriously reduce
the risk of accidents in Enemy fights.”

“But…but, like.” Trying desperately to understand this plan of
hers, he very timidly asked, “If all the players joined this cooperative system, then there wouldn’t be anyone losing all their points
anymore, so the points players spend on acceleration and leveling
up would just come from Enemy hunting? Is something like that
possible?”
“It can be done. I’m sure we can do it…No, we have to do it,”
she said, a serious light he had never seen before shining in her
pale blue eye lenses, so reminiscent of the spring sky. “I—The
other day, I heard a terrible rumor. Some Legions are looking for
kids with acceleration compatibility at arcades and amusement
parks, and once they find one, they forward them the BB program.”
“I-it’s a bit crude, for sure, but wouldn’t that work as a way to
increase the number of players?”
“You don’t get it. They’re not taking those kids they make their
children under their wings or anything. They don’t tell them what
Brain Burst is, they just fight duel after duel directing or on a
local net, and steal every one of their child’s initial hundred
points. And then the child’s forced into an uninstall…”
“Wh…” He swallowed hard. This wasn’t canvassing. This was
just hunting, wasn’t it? Not Enemies, but players.
“If it’s true,” Blossom said tensely, staring at the speechless
Falcon from extremely close up, “then it’s just wrong. Even if the
system lets it happen, it’s absolutely wrong. I don’t have any real
power yet, but…But I have to do something. Bit by bit even, I
have to do what I can. I don’t know how long it’ll take, but I’ll
make a child, try out a point loan structure, start up a Legion…so
that someday, everyone in this world can laugh and have fun with
this game.”
Before he knew it, he was holding Blossom tightly. “I’ll help,”
he murmured earnestly to the slender avatar in his arms. “Al-

though I’m the one with no power, just a tiny metal color…For
you, for this world, I’ll do everything I can. Brain Burst is a fighting game, and games should be fun. I-I’ve had fun fighting alongside you up to now, Fron. Ever since I met you, I’ve looked forward to tomorrow coming. I want to share that with other players.”
“Yeah. Yeah, me, too,” Blossom replied in a shaky voice. “I’ve
had fun with you, Fal. And we’re going to keep having fun for a
long time, I know it. Let’s make it more fun together. I know the
two of us can do it.”
He hugged her tightly once more and then gently pushed her
shoulders back. He held up a finger to indicate she should wait a
second, before touching his own health gauge in the top left of his
field of view and opening a menu window. He ran his finger
through his storage and turned a single item into an object.
A card that glittered silver like a mirror. Most items you could
get in the Unlimited Neutral Field were in the shape of cards like
this at first. Enhanced Armament was no exception; when you got
some in dungeons or from Enemy drops, it was transferred to
your storage sealed in a card. Ownership was set the first time
someone equipped it.
He took the card from the window and held it out to Blossom.
Small letters were carved onto the surface—THE DESTINY. The
silver armor he had obtained in the depths of the Castle, likely the
world’s best.
“Fron, I want you to have this. I’m sure it’ll make your dreams
come true.”
Blossom raised timid hands and placed them gently on the
card.
At that moment, they had no way of knowing yet that this in-

credible power would distort both of their destinies…
Blackout.
Spotlight.
In the circle of white light, a single slender figure appears.
Coloring its entire body is a saffron yellow reminiscent of sunlight in spring. However, a shade that did not previously adorn it
can be spied here and there. A mirrorlike silver glitters on the
forehead and chest, legs and arms.
The short hair, in the shape of a bud beginning to flower,
hangs forward, toward the ground. Both arms are spread out to
her sides, and the slim legs stretch out loosely, helplessly. She is
able to remain unwaveringly upright in such an unstable position
because something restrains her from behind.
Thin, something clipped from a large board, matte black—a
cross. Perhaps it emits some kind of magnetic force; the saffroncolored figure is stuck fast.

The illumination spreads gradually to finally light up her surroundings.
The ground, lustrous, greenish, metallic. Bizarre, similarly
metallic insects rustle as they squirm along. The cross stands at
the bottom of a large basin, an indent like a mortar without its
pestle. Very close by, enormous pits open gaping black mouths,
the sides wet with clear mucous.
The spotlight widens even farther outward.
At the edge of the basin, about thirty meters in diameter, several dozen human figures form a circle. Not moving nor speaking,
they keep silent and stare at the cross at the bottom of the depression. Almost as if they know something is about to happen. They
hold their breath, open their eyes wide, and fear this something—
or eagerly await it.
From among these silhouettes, a single one falls to the ground.
A small body with a silver luster tinged black. Slim limbs,
round helmet. Perhaps trying desperately to stand again, the
sharp, tapered fingers dig deep into the metallic earth. However,
the figure cannot move. He is restrained on both sides, pinched
between two thin, matte-black panels, resembling the cross at the
bottom of the basin.
The metallic insects crawling around sluggishly abruptly begin
running in all directions. They crawl into the creases like the gills
of a living creature that cover the ground and disappear instantly.
Zrr zrr zrr. Zrr zrr zrr. The low, weighty sound of vibration
echoes from the enormous pit at the center of the depression.
“Stop…Stop! Stoooooooop!!”
He didn’t know anymore if he had screamed the word dozens

of times or hundreds, only to have it swallowed up in vain each
time by the sky in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Countless thin scratches were carved out of the ground in
front of him, where he clawed at it with his fingers. But no matter
how much force he put into it, he could move only from the
elbow. Although the jet-black panels squeezing his arms from the
shoulders didn’t have any thickness to speak of, they clamped
tightly against the avatar of Chrome Falcon with an absolute
pressure, like an enormous vise.
More incredibly, the player controlling these two panels had
made the inky black cross appear, far away at the bottom of the
depression, to restrain Saffron Blossom at the same time.
Blossom hung limply, no longer having the strength to move.
And with good reason: The intensity of the agony she had tasted
in this past hour or so far surpassed even the sum total of all the
pain ever experienced in the Accelerated World up to that point.
And the fierce rage and despair that raced through Falcon’s
mind was also something he had never before in his life experienced.
“Stop…Stop, please stop…” He pushed a cracking voice out
from between clenched teeth. At the same time, he dug out new
parallel lines in the hard ground of the Purgatory stage with his
avatar’s fingers. But he couldn’t move. This sense of helplessness
further deepened his despair.
He felt the eerie vibration in his body. It was coming again.
That something was crawling out from a hole, more than two
meters in diameter, at the center of the basin next to the cross
holding Blossom up. A dozen tapered tentacles appeared first,
waving back and forth. These were followed by two rows of red
lights shining in the depths of the darkness. These lights—eyes—
instantly made onlookers feel the creature’s insatiable hunger.

The countless eyes glittered fiercely the instant they detected
Blossom, only steps away.
An utterly enormous worm-type monster then leapt out of the
pit with a wet sound, scattering droplets of mucous. The hell
snake Jormungand, a Legend-class Enemy, the strongest beings
in the Accelerated World outside of the Four Gods that guarded
the four gates of the Castle.
This type of Enemy appeared only in stages that were in part
organic, such as Purgatory, Plague, or Corroded Forest, and if a
player happened to stumble across one, their fate was essentially
sealed. However, since its Territory as a Legend was only a small
crater, thirty meters in diameter, even if you were killed by it
once, it was possible to get away in the ten or so seconds before
Jormungand appeared again after you were regenerated. As long
as something—or someone—wasn’t deliberately blocking your
movement.
Jormungand approached the head of Saffron Blossom hung up
on the black cross, completely unable to move. Beneath lens-like
red eyes, neatly arranged in two rows for a total of sixteen, there
was a circular mouth—a predation hole—surrounded by long tentacles. It was filled out by layers of sawlike teeth, and a viscous
fluid dripped unceasingly from the bottomless hole as it shot out
toward the slender avatar. Saffron’s body shuddered momentarily; her head sagged even farther.
“Stop…Stooooooop!!” But there was no reason the inhuman
Enemy would even hear the hoarse, unconscious cry from under
Falcon’s helmet.
The snake’s meter-wide mouth stretched open above Blossom’s head. The mucous it secreted continued to ooze out without
pause, and white smoke puffed up from the golden yellow armor
it fell upon. The fluid had the effect of temporarily and significantly reducing an avatar’s physical defense power. The silver
armor Blossom was clad in suddenly lost its sheen. As if waiting

for this, Jormungand swallowed her torso wholesale with the
cross.
Before his eyes, his view dyed a light red with the scorching
heat of his emotions, the partner he had lived a lifetime with
shrieked in endless agony.
The power of the Enhanced Armament Destiny far exceeded his
expectations.
It rendered physical attacks essentially ineffective—slicing,
hitting, piercing, shooting, exploding, all of it. When it came to
energy attacks as well, it reflected laser types. Resistant against
cold, heat, electricity. Only corrosion, the natural Enemy of metal
armor, could not be repelled, but there were basically no duel
avatars with that kind of attack anyway. Invincible, without exaggeration; its defensive power was almost frightening.
However, when he thought about it, in theory, only someone
who had broken through the absolutely invulnerable superclass
Enemies, the Four Gods, could obtain this armor, so it was probably the final item in this game Brain Burst. Aided by chance and
luck, and some system flaws, he had managed to acquire it now,
when the game was likely still in the opening stages. So it wasn’t
strange at all that it would exhibit such overwhelming power.
Even its owner herself, Saffron Blossom, was afraid of the
power of the Destiny, so great that it could destroy the balance of
the game itself. At any rate, the full-charge special attacks of red
and blue types, which had up to that point taken essentially all of
her health gauge in one blow, now carved away only the merest
hint of damage, even with a direct hit. After she had appeared in
just a few general duels, talk had raced around the Accelerated
World, and Blossom had gotten a flood of offers to buy the armor
and invitations to join powerful Legions. And of course, much
cursing about how it was a fraud, she was a cheat, et cetera et
cetera.

If this had been back when she had just been fighting tag-team
duel after duel with Falcon, Blossom would probably have sealed
the armor away or disposed of it.
But she now had an impossible dream. She wanted to start up
a cooperative Legion to prevent total point loss, remove the brutal death game elements from the Accelerated World, so that
everyone could have fun fighting—or, better yet, she wanted to
make a place where they could live.
Given that Saffron had been sentenced to die before reaching
adulthood and had accepted that destiny within herself, perhaps
this was her own secret struggle. She wanted to scatter seeds over
the desolate land of the Accelerated World and make flowers
bloom. Maybe this had been her dream all this time, since the
moment she’d become a BB player.
To actually make the burst point–lending system that was the
heart of the cooperative Legion work, she first needed a sufficient
points pool. And the fighting power to keep in check those participants of malicious intent planning to skip out on the bill who
were sure to appear.
For Blossom, the Destiny and its overwhelming power, plenty
even for Enemy hunting, never mind duels, was nothing other
than a ticket to the realization of this dream. Although wearing
the armor did cut back on the number of challenges from outside,
Blossom and Falcon repulsed without exception the many warriors who did come at them.
On the day that they had managed to crush even one of the
Pure Colors, said to be the strongest in that world—albeit two
against one—Blossom finally announced her own plan to the
broader Accelerated World. At the same time, she started widely
recruiting people wishing to join the new Legion.
And then yesterday. More than thirty BB players had jointly
signed and sent a message saying that they wanted to hear more

of the details.
The pair was delighted, but they felt a hint of unease. Because
those players had requested the Unlimited Neutral Field as a
place to meet and talk. They wanted to confirm that it was really
possible to safely hunt Enemies, and Blossom and Falcon basically agreed with their reasoning, but they couldn’t know what
would happen in that field. In the worst-case scenario, all thirty
of the signatories would attack at once.
But even assuming they did, equipped with the Destiny, it was
unthinkable that Blossom would be killed with one blow. So they
gave themselves some insurance by specifying a meeting place
near a leave point. If it was a trap, they could immediately leap
into the portal.
Still, they couldn’t say this plan was foolproof. Direct attacks
weren’t the only abilities duel avatars had. If anyone gathered at
the meeting had some kind of obstruction attack like Blossom
herself did, such as freezing legs or stealing vision, there was a
possibility that they would be prevented from escaping through
the portal. However, they dared to overlook this risk. Among the
names in the message were more than a few old acquaintances.
They couldn’t really believe that all these people were conspiring
together to set a malicious trap. They didn’t want to believe it.
Just in case, they checked the place for the day’s meeting—a
portal in a building corresponding to the Shibaura parking area
on the north side of the Rainbow Bridge in the real world—from
afar first. Among the more than thirty avatars already gathered
were indeed the faces noted in the message.
As Blossom and Falcon stepped out from under the elevated
Shuto expressway and started walking, heaving sighs of relief,
two thin black panels suddenly appeared from beneath their feet.
An incredible pressure held them categorically in place.

“Stop…Please stop! Why…Why would you…!!”
The screams poured out of him unawares as Chrome Falcon
stared at the terrifying snake, worlds removed from the fabled
image of the romantic concept of a legend, burying its countless
fangs in his beloved partner.
The question was addressed to the dozens of BB players standing along the edge of the depression that was the snake’s nest.
The majority were faces he knew, and there were several he
was friendly enough with to make amiable conversation with if
they happened to be in the Gallery together. Naturally, he had dueled them any number of times, but his wins and losses were
about fifty–fifty. He couldn’t remember doing anything that
would cause anyone to hate him so much as to set up a trap this
cruel.
But they maintained their silence, not even glancing in the direction of Falcon pinned to the ground. Their attention was focused completely on the tragedy unfolding at the bottom of the
basin. A similar awe and shuddering fear colored all their face
masks. But that wasn’t the whole of it. Falcon felt strongly that
the terror on their faces masked something very, very unpleasant
underneath.
Suddenly, he heard a low, smooth voice from behind him to
the right. “Sorry, Falcon. I at least will respond on their behalf.”
The owner of the voice that so vividly reminded him of some
schoolteacher somewhere was the very person controlling the two
thin panels and the cross, restraining Falcon and Blossom. Falcon
didn’t know his name. He had never seen him before in the Accelerated World, not even once, this duel avatar and its bizarre form
—pieces of a black sheet cut out and stood up in the shape of a
person.
“The power of that Enhanced Armament is too far beyond the

norms of this world, given that it is still in its dawn. You no doubt
experienced this fact directly yourself via the duels you’ve fought
these last few days?”
Even the oldest BB players could only be in second grade in
the real world. Having worn a Neurolinker continuously from immediately after birth was a requirement for the installation of
Brain Burst, and consumer Neurolinkers had gone on sale the
year that Falcon and the others in the “first generation” had been
born.
However, the tone of the jet-black layered avatar could hardly
be thought to be that of a child. It sounded even older than the
young man in his twenties who was Falcon’s homeroom teacher
in the real world. Fighting back against the pressure of the thin
panels, Falcon focused on pushing his voice out.
“Then…we’ll dispose of the armor in the shop. All the points
we get for it, we distribute equally to everyone. That’s gotta be
good…There’s no need to do all this. There isn’t, right…!!”
“Unfortunately, with that method, the Enhanced Armament
will remain in the shop. We very well might see someone come
forward to obtain it and once again destroy the balance of the
game. That armor must be returned to where it was originally.
The only method of achieving that end, Falcon, is for a power
other than that of a player to eliminate the owner.”
At the same time as the infinitely calm voice related all this to
him, Saffron Blossom’s avatar crumbled into countless tiny pieces
in Jormungand’s mouth and was smashed to bits. A pillar of
golden yellow light rose up high into the sky, drawing out a momentary grave marker before disappearing.
The hell snake, having butchered the intruder in a single bite,
slithered back into its nest, waving its tentacles in a seemingly
satisfied manner. The jet-black cross also sank soundlessly into a
thin shadow on the ground.

And then all that was left was a small saffron yellow light. According to the rules of the Unlimited Neutral Field, Blossom
would regenerate in that location after being placed in a ghost
state for an hour. She should have, at least.
But to his left, from a place Falcon couldn’t see, his view
blocked by a black panel, a stealthy voice whispered, “Resurrect
By Compassion.”
Riding on a voice so pure and clean it almost couldn’t belong
to a human being, tiny particles of light flowed out into space and
danced down to the bottom of the basin. The instant they touched
the golden yellow “embers,” a pillar of dazzling white light poured
down from the sky, contracted and condensed to take shape as a
lone avatar: Saffron Blossom. The cross appeared at the feet of
the slender silhouette as she very nearly crumpled to the ground,
to hold her in place once more and stand her up right next to the
snake’s nest.
They had already been through the same process countless
times. The number of burst points a player lost in death in an
Enemy fight was fixed at ten, so the points she had built up
through successive wins this last little while weren’t so easily exhausted. A never-ending cycle of cruel death and even crueler rebirth.
There were other instances before this of an avatar plunging
deep into the territory of a Legend and being killed over and over,
unable to escape, until they lost all their points. BB players fearfully called this phenomenon Unlimited Enemy Death. However,
the layered black avatar and the others who had set this trap for
Falcon and Blossom were deliberately bringing this phenomenon
about with the black cross and the white light. As a result, it
wasn’t death, but rather a passive execution. Unlimited Enemy
Kill.
…Please, just stop already. Having lost the power to even raise
his voice in supplication, he simply prayed beneath his silver sur-

face.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, the sensation of pain from
damage was increased, so that it was essentially the same as in
the real world. Each time Blossom was killed by Jormungand, she
would have experienced intense pain equivalent to her body actually being ripped apart. Even if there wasn’t a scratch on her real
body, the memory of the pain carved into her consciousness—her
soul—would never disappear.
No…
Perhaps the source of the pain she actually felt was not the
monster’s fangs, but rather the stares of the dozens of players
standing around the basin. These people who were once friends,
who’d called Blossom out with a fake message, dropped her into
this trap, and simply watched as she was killed over and over
again by a horrific snake.
More than just terror and panic, Fal could definitely catch
hints of a vague excitement in their face masks. Part of it was that
childish element of I saw something scary. But an ugly emotion
much more real hid behind that, the exact same thing that bled
through when a group in elementary school tried to expel someone different from them.
And simultaneously, in the exact same position as the student
who simply watches from a safe distance, unable to do anything
for the person being expunged, was Chrome Falcon.
If only he hadn’t snuck into the Castle; if only he hadn’t
brought out the Enhanced Armament Destiny. If he hadn’t given
it to Blossom, none of this would be happening. He had caused all
of this, and yet he was simply staring at the suffering figure of the
person he loved, not a scratch on him.
The snake, detecting the forcefully resurrected Blossom, came
slithering out from the depths of its nest once again to approach

her. The shuffling vibration shook the ground, but the golden yellow avatar no longer even flinched. She hung lifelessly from the
black cross, waiting for death for the nth time. Or else the total
loss of points, the loss of memory that came after these deaths,
under the name “the end.”
I…
I’m making the same mistake again.
I won’t pretend not to see anymore. I’m never going to avert
my eyes again from someone hurt and alienated and about to
lose their place. I promised myself that. And yet I can’t do anything. I’m just losing someone important like this again…
“…No.” His mental energy almost entirely exhausted, he
squeezed a voice out. “No more. I’m sick of being the one left behind.”
The two thin plates that held his avatar communicated to his
senses an absolute weight, as if the world itself were fixing them
there. Falcon had already been made quite aware of the fact that,
no matter how much strength he mustered up, he could not move
them even a millimeter. But there was still just one possibility for
escape.
Break his own metallic armor instead of the jet-black panels.
“Unh…Ah…Aaaaaah…” Focusing on his creaking groan, he
mustered up the last of his strength and pushed at the panels on
either side with both arms. Pushed.
The chrome silver armor shrieked, unable to withstand the
pressure. Up to that point, this was where he had given up. But
now he ignored the feeling that he would be crushed and pushed
harder.
“Now stop that, Falcon,” the layered avatar murmured, sound-

ing genuinely concerned. “We have no intention of eliminating
you. Once our plan is complete, we intend to properly release
you. It’ll likely only be one or two more times, so perhaps you
could please sit quietly until then.”
“Shut…up…!!” He turned his revolt at the selfish remarks into
physical power and hit at the black panels. Thin cracks finally
began to race along the armor of both arms. A pain resembling
sparks. But this was not enough. It was most certainly not
enough.
“…Ngh…!!”
With a soundless howl he released as much force as he could,
and in an instant the armor of both arms crumbled away with a
hard metallic sound. A damage effect resembling fresh blood
gushed out from his dark-gray basic-construct body, and a pain
so intense it stopped his breath raced along his nerves. And then,
along with a serious drop in his HP gauge, his special-attack
gauge was charged about 20 percent. He shouted hoarsely, “Flash
Blink!”
The avatar of Chrome Falcon transformed into substanceless
quanta and finally escaped the restraint of the thin panels. At a
speed that was basically teleporting, he charged forward and materialized fifteen meters away.
Before his eyes was the crucified Saffron Blossom and the
head of Jormungand ready to bite into that slim body.
With the last ounce of his strength, he beat at the enormous
snake with the sharp toes of his right foot, smashing one of its
many red eyes. The injured eye oozed a viscous fluid, and the
two-tiered HP gauge of his Enemy dropped a depressingly minuscule amount. But, perhaps caught off guard and surprised, the
snake released Blossom and shook its head wildly.
As they were bathed in the enraged thundering roar of the

Enemy, a faint voice weakly disturbed the air.
“Petal Shelter.”
Several massive green petals were generated from the base of
the cross to create a round bud that enclosed them both—Saffron
Blossom’s level-five special attack. The tough flower petals protected the interior completely against any and all attacks. Effect
time: thirty seconds.
Inside the sphere full of a peaceful light-green glow, Falcon
caught Blossom as she fell from the now-vanished cross with his
armorless arms.
He crouched down with her and stared intently at the face of
his beloved partner. These thirty seconds were the final moments
given to them.
Once the petals disappeared, the cross would reappear to restrain them both. And then there was no doubt that Jormungand
would follow its instincts and continue to butcher its prey, now
increased in number.
Naturally, he had no regrets at having leapt into the place of
his own death. But Falcon couldn’t find the words he should say
in this precious time. So he clenched his teeth, suppressed a howl,
and kept staring intently at Blossom’s face mask. So that he
would absolutely never forget the sky color of her eyes even after
he disappeared from the Accelerated World.
“…I’m sorry.” The words spilled out, her voice hoarse. “I’m
sorry, Fal. I…I was spoiled by your kindness. I wanted to get back
the future that was stolen from me in the real world…And because of that, I pushed you to pretend to be an adult, too. This
end…my own impatience made this happen. I’m sorry…”
Particles of clear light fell from Blossom’s eye lenses one after
the other and melted into the air.

You didn’t. Not at all.
He wanted to tell her this, but a hot lump blocked his throat,
and he couldn’t speak. He at least shook his head hard. She caressed his helmet with her slender index finger.
“But, y’know…Believe this at least. I loved you. I’ve loved you
since the moment we first met. I mean, I knew it right away. That
you wanted to protect weak me. While everyone else was thinking
about how to steal someone else’s points, you…you alone…”
Without giving voice to the rest of that sentence, Blossom
smiled. And then she moved her hand from his cheek to clasp his
hand and guide it. To the center of her own chest, gruesomely
torn up by Jormungand’s teeth.
“A last request. Fal, make me disappear.”

“…What…” He finally managed to utter just that, and Blossom
smiled.
“I only have seven points left,” she announced. “If I’m going to
be killed by that Enemy and disappear from this world, then I
want you to be the one to send me off. That way, Brain Burst
might force an uninstall, but I’m sure I’ll still be able to remember you. Even if all my memories are erased, at least you, forever.”
Here, the effect time of the technique finally ended, and the
green flower bud slowly began to melt away from the top. The
howl of rage of the snake shattered the silence that had filled the
sphere.
“…Fron.” The time they had left was much too short for him to
put into words all the thoughts that filled him. Pulling the destroyed, sunlight-colored avatar tightly to him with his left arm,
Falcon whispered, with all the emotion in his heart, “Thanks.”
Thanks. Thanks for taking the hand I offered. Thanks for
teaching me so many things. Thanks for expanding my tiny
world.
He stretched out the fingers of the hand she held. His sharply
tapered fingertips, patterned after a bird of prey, touched down in
the center of Saffron Blossom’s chest, immediately above the critical point of her heart.
“…I love you.”
As Falcon made this declaration, words he had never once
been able to get out before, he thrust his sharp right hand downward.
His flat hand pierced deeper and deeper into the Destiny
armor, rendered ineffective by Jormungand’s fangs and digestive

fluids.
Good-bye, Fal. I love you, you know.
Her voice became the faintest hint of a gentle breeze, flowing
through his consciousness and disappearing.
Rather than breaking into a thousand fragments and scattering explosively, Saffron Blossom’s avatar gently unraveled.
Bathed in light the color of the warm spring sun, the slender silhouette split into countless ribbons and danced up into the sky.
Those ribbons were reduced to even smaller threads of code, and
then melted into the air before finally vanishing.
The final extinction phenomenon. The complete retreat from
the Accelerated World of those who lost all their points.
When he came back to himself, his heart was empty.
Almost as if he himself had vanished, a sense of loss overcame
the crouching Chrome Falcon as the countless fangs of Jormungand bit into his back with a screech.
In the Enemy’s mouth, he was raised up high. Orange sparks
scattered from his silver armor. Kree, kreee. His avatar’s entire
body squealed and groaned, and the health gauge in his field of
view dropped before his eyes. At the same time, he was assaulted
with a dizzying pain.
But he did not scream. Blossom had experienced this pain a
practically infinite number of times. He gritted his teeth; he desperately endured it. In the distance in his hazy, warped vision, he
could see the figures of the players standing in a circle.
In their eyes was a uniform surprise—and a hint of contempt.
They were laughing scornfully at a fool who would senselessly
throw his own life away.

It wasn’t actually impossible for him to escape from this situation. All he had to do was use his special-attack gauge and do his
Blink once again.
But he wasn’t going to run anymore. Was there even any
meaning in living?
Saffron Blossom was gone. He was alone again. Even if he did
escape and live on, what would be the point in going back to his
solo player life and fighting purposeless duels? If that was how it
was going to be, he was better off devoured here by the snake like
Blossom. Over and over and over again. Have his points run out
like she did and be expelled from this world. Until that moment—
Abruptly, he noticed a small light flashing beneath the HP
gauge being carved away and the special-attack gauge being filled
up. The light followed precisely when he turned his head. It was a
system message. The square cursor was trying to tell him something.
The instant he focused his hazy vision on that point, a row of
text flowed soundlessly out from it.
YOU ACQUIRED AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT: THE DESTINY.
For a minute, he couldn’t understand what this meant.
The message was telling him he had acquired an Enhanced Armament. And it didn’t say GOT like it did for Enhanced Armament
obtained in sealed card form, but ACQUIRED to indicate that he had
become the owner of it. The subject was armor. The Disaster,
which should have disappeared together with Saffron Blossom.
But why? The only methods of transferring an Enhanced Armament were to sell and rebuy it in the shop or hand it over in a
direct duel.
Or wait. He’d heard vague rumors of one other way. When the

player who owned the Enhanced Armament was eliminated from
the Accelerated World, in a very small percentage of cases, the
Enhanced Armament was transferred to the storage of the player
who delivered the final blow.
He had no way of knowing now if Blossom had asked him to
strike the final blow for her because she had been hoping for this
result.
However, to Falcon, it felt like a final message from her.
Live. Live and fight.
Unconsciously, he murmured under his silver surface the default voice command to equip an Enhanced Armament.
“Equip…the Destiny.”
An intense light like a small star was born, and the world was
dyed platinum.
Thick silver armor covered his limbs and torso with a sharp
metallic sound. The design was very different from when Blossom
had been wearing the armor. By nature, Enhanced Armament
would automatically adjust in size according to the stature of the
duel avatar putting it on, but the way this armor changed went far
beyond the realm of adjustment. It lost its former elegance and
delicacy and took on the appearance of plate armor, all sharp
edges.
The last piece, covering his head, was an samurai-style helmet
rather than the original crown. Enclosing more than 80 percent
of Falcon’s body, the thick armor repelled with a fierce clang Jormungand’s fangs as they were about to dig into his avatar.
The enormous Legend-ranked Enemy let out a cry of fury as it
tried to devour Falcon once more, while at the same time, excreting a large quantity of transparent, viscous fluid from the glands

between its fangs. This dripped down onto the silver armor and
tried to steal its strength with a corrosion effect.
But the gleaming, mirrored silver clouded over for an instant
before changing to a blackish chrome silver, as if a thin film had
been peeled off and then resisted the corrosion. The new color
matched that of Falcon’s original armor perfectly.
Chrome fell basically in the middle of the metal color chart,
between precious and base metals. It had only mediocre resistance to physical and special attacks. Its lone special characteristic was that it essentially completely repelled corrosion-type attacks.
The armor, a supposedly volitionless Enhanced Armament,
was resisting the monster’s mucous by absorbing the characteristics of the avatar wearing it—that was the only explanation for
this phenomenon. Although Falcon couldn’t have cared less about
suppositions of this sort on the logical side of things.
As if guided by something, he raised both hands and seized the
enormous fangs trying to pierce his chest, sending sparks flying
everywhere.
Fwoosh! In the depths of his heart, something began to burn.
It was a feeling he had never had in the eleven months since
landing in the Accelerated World, a subjective time of more than
five years. Molded by and born from his deep affection for Saffron Blossom and his despair at her death: rage.
“Unh…Unnaaaah…” A husky groan spilled out from deep in
his throat.
In the real world, too, Chrome Falcon was a child who did not
get angry. He did what grown-ups told him to, he was careful to
watch the faces of those around him, he lived with his own self on
the back burner.

So when the class started bullying his best friend from kindergarten the instant they started at the same elementary school, he
did nothing; he simply distanced himself from the other boy. He
shut his eyes, plugged his ears, and waited for someone else to do
something. But before that someone could appear, the boy who
had been his good friend was gone.
He really should have gotten angry at least. At the children
who instigated the bullying. At the teacher who was oblivious to
it. At himself pretending not to have seen anything. But, unable
to do even that, he pushed and shoved until all his memories and
feelings were the size of a pebble and then buried that in a deep
place.
“Unh…ah…aaaaaah…” Falcon’s cry continued, his voice
warped. He felt like now the pebble had fine cracks in it, and
something incandescent was gushing out.
All ten of his fingers transformed into massive talons with a
chang. The sharp tips creaked as they dug into Jormungand’s
fangs. The edges of the armor from his arms to his shoulders became even more tapered and increased in volume.
Now he understood why the thirty people who had sent the
fake Legion entry message had betrayed him and Blossom and set
this trap. Wasn’t it because they wanted to get this Enhanced Armament, maybe thinking they could cheat with it?
Saffron Blossom’s not like us. She had the strength to protect
her ideals and make them a reality.
“But…you…”
All of you, you’re BB players; you had to have been treated
more or less like aliens in the real world. You had to have been
shunned by some group and come to this Accelerated World
with that hurt carved into your soul. And yet you still shun
someone else? You make a circle around someone different from

you and throw rocks at them?
“For people like you…Fron was…trying to make…a place to belong…” As he squeezed this rage out from his depths, his avatar’s
hands took on a weak light. Not energy to illuminate anything. A
negative fluctuation to steal heat, light.
An aura of darkness.
This kind of continuous effect was supposed to cloak a duel
avatar only when it was using its gauge and activating its special
attack. And yet Falcon’s special-attack gauge stayed at essentially
full charge; it didn’t drop a single pixel.
But he continued to spit out his strangled speech, unaware of
this abnormality.
“Fron was…just trying…to make this world a place…where you
could always…play, where you didn’t have to…be scared of losing
all your points…that’s all…”
Before he even knew it, Falcon had buried his ten talons deep
into Jormungand’s fangs and pulled them completely free of his
body. The monster blinked two rows of eyes and twisted itself up
and writhed violently, but the avatar’s arms didn’t budge beneath
their aura of darkness.
“That’s all…she wanted!!”
A roar like vomiting blood.
Deep in his mind, Falcon heard the sound of the pebble of
frozen feelings being smashed to bits.
Rage. Any- and everything he had suppressed all this time—
from before he could remember until this very moment today—
exploded and ran wild within his avatar before becoming a shadowy aura and being released to the outside world.

Pulsations of darkness shook and cracked the snake’s thick
skin, as though they were an actual physical phenomenon, splitting the top edge of the Enemy’s round mouth as it screeched.
“Ah…aaah…aaaaaaaaaaah!!” The yell was distorted, metallic,
as Falcon thrust the arms clutching the fangs out to both sides.
Jormungand’s head was ripped in half with a curious sound.
The majority of its eyes ruptured from the inside, and massive
quantities of fluid jetted out of the deep fissure. Ignoring this, he
plunged his hands into the crack, grabbed on to the soft matter
inside, and pulled the monster even farther apart. Split it.
When his feet hit the ground, the hell snake was in two parts
down to its midsection. As the right half writhed and tried to disappear into its nest, he caught it in the talons of both hands and
similarly held the left side fast with the pointed ends of his feet.
Mustering up every ounce of power in his body, he ripped the
beast in half in one pull, right down to its tail.
The body of the Enemy, finally completely divided, stopped in
an unnatural shape for a moment before turning into thousands
of fragments and scattering.
From the center of an explosion effect so grand it blanketed
the entire basin, something long and slender materialized and
stood before Falcon. A long sword with a cool, clear crystal-white
blade. An Enemy drop Enhanced Armament. Without hesitating,
he reached out and grabbed onto the hilt, which glittered like it
held a star within it.
Instantly, the longsword became a small card and disappeared. In the top of his field of view was a small system message:
YOU ACQUIRED AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT: STAR CASTER.
“Equip Star Caster,” he muttered in a creaking voice.
The divine design of the longsword reappeared in his right

hand. However, the dark aura immediately blanketed the sword,
distorting the color and the shape. The transparent crystal became a dazzling chrome silver. The straight lines of the hilt
twisted ominously. The blade itself doubled in width and thickness, fangs popping up in several places.
He gripped the large sword in its new form with both hands
and held it in front of his body. The blackish-silver blade reflected
a single duel avatar. It was no longer the simple, slender Chrome
Falcon and his round helmet. The silhouette was the epitome of
brutal, the will to destroy itself made into an object.
Only his original smooth mask was exposed beneath the open
helm. But the aura of darkness cohered on the forehead of the
helmet, creating a visor large enough to cover his entire face.
Once he lowered it, he would never be able to go back to what he
had been. He knew this instinctively.
If I changed, Fron’d definitely be sad.
But she’s not in this world anymore.
Taking this as his last moment, he abandoned the name
Chrome Falcon. He buried it in this ground with Saffron Blossom.
Her ideals, her kindness, her compassion, he would bury it all
here.
Because the ones who had rejected those ideals were the players standing stock-still around the basin. Rather than harmony,
they chose war. Instead of joining hands, they preferred to steal
life from one another. More than love, they desired anger and hatred. In which case…
He would give it to them.
Brandishing the sword high with both hands, indignation and
rage still jetting up from the depths of his body, he howled once
more.

“Ngah…Aaaaaah…!!”
The aura of darkness gushing from all parts of his body gave
rise to jet-black lightning, striking the metallic earth one bolt
after another. Cracks raced out in circles from beneath his feet;
the ground rippled and shook. He screamed again, almost in resonance with the cries of the earth.
“Rrraa…aaaaaaah!!”
He felt the bottomless rage welling up inside him become a
kind of medium and interfere with the system itself. As proof that
this was no mere hallucination, even the font in the system colors
still displayed in the top of his vision flickered repeatedly. The
two lines of text, THE DESTINY and STAR CASTER, twisted, crumbled, and melted into each other. They became one line to form a
new word.
THE DISASTER.
“Grrr…raaaaaaah!!”
The scream was already not that of a person. It was the howl of
a starved, enraged beast.
Kasshk. The visor on his forehead came down by itself with a
violent sound.
A light-gray filter covered his field of view. However, the resolution doubled, and he could clearly make out the expressions on
the faces of the duel avatars in a circle around him. They were
blurred with confusion and surprise and unease. But what they
were feeling, what they were thinking, no longer held any meaning for Falcon. They were nothing more than targets for the
slaughter. He narrowed his eyes beneath his visor and sought out
the body he should hunt first.
When he turned his attention to any particular spot in the cir-

cle, the murmured conversation of the several avatars standing
there was amplified and delivered to his sense of hearing as if a
high-powered directional microphone had been turned on them.
“…ge full recovery confirmed. No depletion of special-attack
gauge. No doubt about it, it’s Main Visualizer overwrite through
Imagination circuit.”
The voice belonged to a tiny avatar with four excessively large,
shining eye lenses. Responding to it was the layered black avatar
that had restrained Falcon and Blossom with its strange technique.
“It seems that an explosion of sentiment through deepening of
concentration can indeed bring about the phenomenon overwhelmingly fast. Although whether it can be controlled or not is
a different issue.”
The four-eyed avatar nodded. “True, true. And it’s basically
for sure that peeps with a mental-scar shell strength that goes
beyond a certain level turn into metal colors. But whether that
fusion’s a power inherent to the Seven Stars or just ’cause he’s a
metal color, I can’t tell with my Analyze.”
“Hmm. If possible, I’d want you to take your time and do a
thorough analysis, but—”
At that moment, there came a different voice from behind
them. “Can you secure him, Vise?”
Brimming with a clear sweetness almost like the water of a
snowmelt, with no hint of bitterness, without a doubt, this was
the voice of the player who had continuously forced Blossom to
resurrect. Fal sharpened his eyes even further beneath his visor,
but a mysterious light blocked his view, and he couldn’t see the
avatar on the other side.

“I suppose I’ll give it a go.” The layered avatar nodded a head
that was nothing more than an arrangement of thin panels and
raised a left hand of the same design.
The several panels comprising that arm slid off and disappeared into the ground one after another. Immediately after this,
the black cross appeared soundlessly behind Falcon and pulled at
his body with its bizarre magnetism.
But.
“Gr…aaaah!”
With a short roar, he sliced the sword in his right hand to the
rear, and the cross was quickly destroyed, producing a sound and
feel like glass shattering. The bright light of a damage effect
gushed out from the left shoulder of the wielder of the panels.
“Whoops. Quite incredible. I very much cannot hold him with
a normal technique.”
Falcon focused more intently on the layered avatar muttering
this. There were too many words in this conversation that were
impossible to understand, but one thing at least was clear, and
that was that they had planned the whole thing. That, in line with
some kind of scheme or another, they had called Saffron Blossom
out and tortured her to death with Unlimited Enemy Kill.
In which case, they should be the first ones he hunted.
Gripping the big sword with both hands, he brandished it high
above his head in a solemn motion. He completely ignored the
dozen or so confused and panicking players on the outer edge of
the crater, turned toward the jet-black layered avatar, and took a
single step. He soundlessly uttered the name of his technique.
Flash Blink!

He brought down his blade at the same time as he teleported
at super-high speed and severed the layered avatar’s remaining
arm at the base. However, his opponent, who lacked a face-like
face, showed not the slightest air of being disturbed; he took a
single step back and disassembled the body that had suddenly
lost both arms.
These pieces transformed into two enormous panels, which
then closed around the four-eyed avatar standing next to him and
also the avatar enveloped in light from behind. By some logic, the
massive panels closed into one single, thin panel.
Falcon sliced horizontally with his sword at the enormous inkblack panel sinking into the shadows on the ground. But the
swing managed only to slice off a diagonal piece of the top edge
and send it flying. The panel produced a gentle ripple in the
shadow and sank into it completely; the aura of the three mysterious players vanished from the field.
“Gr…raaah…”
A groan of rage slipped out at having his Enemies steal away
on him. A few seconds later, skrrinnk! An ear-splitting metallic
sound accompanied a light blow to his left shoulder.
He turned around languidly. Standing there was a midsize
blue duel avatar. In both hands, it held a large, close-range
weapon that was like a cross between a wooden sword and a traditional longsword. His opponent was someone whose face he
knew well, who he could have been said to be close with. One of
the few first generation, a direct attack from that long spear had
even shattered the armor of the former Chrome Falcon. But a
glance at his right shoulder showed that there wasn’t a crack or
even the tiniest dent now.
His opponent looked as though he couldn’t believe what he
was seeing, and without even trying to remember his name, Falcon casually brought down the sword enveloped in the dark aura.

Whud. The heavy noise shook the cool air. The weapon the
blue avatar held fell apart in the middle, and then the top half of
its owner’s body also slid off and tumbled onto the ground. The
lower half was a little late to tilt backward, only to stop halfway
into its fall and explode, scattering at the same time as the upper
half. Now all that remained was a small light the color of its
armor.
A violent and distinct shiver ran through the thirty or so people still left at the sight of a high-tier player being slaughtered
with a single blow. Trembling voices—What’s happening, this
isn’t what I signed up for—gradually increased in volume.
“Crap…R-run!!”
The instant someone shouted this, they all began to race in a
single direction, like a dam had broken. They were no doubt intending to flee to the real world through the leave point in the
Shibaura parking area some dozen or so meters ahead. However…
Flash Blink.
As he sent up this silent prayer, his blackish silver armor disappeared and reappeared immediately in front of the fleeing
players. Another slicing attack. Three heads fell simultaneously.
“Unh…ungah…ungaaaaaah!”
Shrieks. Screams. Some players still tried to run, others tried
to hide in the surrounding buildings, and still others tried counterattacks, but the sword of darkness swept down on all of them
without exception and stole their gauges from them in one blow.
Propelling Falcon forward now was no longer simple rage. A
sublime determination that went beyond resentment or revenge
—a curse.

That this world would be destroyed.
If a Burst Linker from later years saw Chrome Falcon at this
time through some hidden logic of Brain Burst, they would have
made this judgment: that this dark overlay was a manifestation of
a purely negative will. That this was the dark side of the Incarnate
System itself, smashing everything in existence through an absolute desire for negation.
When the slaughter—barely seconds long—was over, only the
countless embers flickered silently around the basin. The blackish-silver destroyer plunged the great sword into the earth, now
that it had absorbed plenty of blood, and grew still.
To wait for them to regenerate in an hour.
That day, more than thirty players were exterminated from the
Accelerated World all at once.
The lone survivor who had the good luck to make it to the portal alive gave an account to freeze the blood in anyone’s veins,
shaking with terror all the while. The story—that Chrome Falcon
clad in an evil armor had slaughtered all of her companions—was
initially met with raised eyebrows.
But those who challenged Falcon to a general duel in an attempt to confirm her story were, without exception, decimated in
a single blow from that great sword, and everyone was forced to
accept that it was true. That a terrifying catastrophe had been
born into the Accelerated World that had grown up over this last
year or so.
At some point, the players stopped called this destroyer by the
original avatar name. Crowning him with the name of the Enhanced Armament, they called him thus:
Chrome Disaster.

Blackout.
Spotlight.
In the circle of white light, a knight appears, body wrapped in
dark metallic armor, holding a sinister sword. The crouching figure is tattered and wounded, cracked; the sword is also severely
chipped and scratched.
To back him up against this wall, the strongest players in the
Accelerated World challenged him to endless battles and exhausted him, sometimes in the one-against-many Battle Royale
mode.
But the destroyer did not refuse a single duel; in fact, he even
took off the intrusion limit of once per day and accepted any and
all fighting conditions. Despite the fact that normally, after ten
successive battles, even in a normal duel, a player couldn’t really
move very well due to mental exhaustion, he easily fought his way
through more than a hundred duels in a day, wearing down his
soul itself.
At some point, the dark aura blanketing the sword grew
weaker, and the armor lost its shine, but even still, the destroyer
continued to fight. His win ratio dropped, and his points were
eaten away bit by bit, until they finally drove him into this corner
on the verge of losing all his points in this final, greatest battle in
the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Several duel avatars steadily close in on the crouching knight.
All of them are masters, said to currently be the strongest in the
world. Among them are even a few of the Pure Colors, the leaders
of the major Legions.
On the verge of death, the destroyer clings to his sword and
staggers to his feet. One part of the brutal design of the visor has
fallen away, allowing the merest glimpse of the smooth helmet
and its single, curved line, held inside.

That mask looks up at the sky of the Accelerated World.
I—the BB player formerly known as Chrome Falcon—disappear
here today.
If the rumor that your memories disappear or there’s some
manipulation of your thoughts is true, then I will forget everything about the Accelerated World, even Saffron Blossom, whom
I loved so much, and return to being a regular second-grade student who doesn’t even know a single big word.
But this rage of mine—this sadness—and this despair will remain.
Neither I nor Saffron Blossom wanted power. The thought of
establishing a hegemony over the Accelerated World with the
power of the armor never even occurred to us. All we wanted
was to be able to stay in this world with everyone, forever.
Those who saw domination and destruction and pillage in the
mirrored surface of the armor saw nothing more than the reflection of their own desires.
They were the ones who longed for power. The ones who
killed Saffron Blossom over and over again in the cruelest manner.
So then I’ll give it to them.
I’ll leave my rage and Blossom’s suffering to this armor, to
the Disaster. The next time someone craves power and puts this
armor on, they will become something that attacks all Burst
Linkers, destroys them, devours them. They will eat them and
steal their powers and become infinitely strong. Until they are
the last one. Until the end when only one remains in the wasteland of the infinitely vast Accelerated World.

Because that is the true nature of your desire.
I curse this world. I defile it. Even if I disappear temporarily
here, my rage and hatred will come back to life any number of
times.
Blackout.

2
At the sensation of slender fingertips caressing his cheek,
Haruyuki Arita opened his eyes a crack.
The blurry world slowly came into focus. A small hand encased
in pure white armor. Arms in the shape of short sleeves of the
same color. Charming face mask and round, adorable scarlet eye
lenses.
Haruyuki stared for a while at Ardor Maiden—level-seven
Burst Linker with the power of purification, one of the Four Elements of the former Nega Nebulus—standing on her knees, hand
outstretched.
A single transparent drop glittered at the tip of her slender finger. He cocked his head at the worried look on her face before realizing that the droplet had been flowing down his own face.
“Huh…oh…,” he muttered hoarsely, and hurriedly rubbed at
his face with his right hand before closing his half-open helmet all
the way. He turned the face of Silver Crow, the duel avatar
wrapped in the half-mirrored surface, and made his excuses.
“Uh, sorry. I’m okay. I was sleeping and I had this…this superlong dream.” Here he stopped and furrowed his brow.
He had been dreaming. And in that long, long dream,
Haruyuki hadn’t been Silver Crow. He had been a metal color that
looked a lot like him; the shade was just a little different. But
that’s all he could remember. Where he went, what he did, and
what happened was blocked by a soft white wall like silk floss,
and he couldn’t recall any of it.

All that was left was a faint feeling like a hole had opened up
deep in his chest. And a prickling, sharp pain racing through that
emptiness…a sense of loss?
…I love you, you know…
A voice he had never heard before passed through his ears,
and he managed somehow to fiercely blink back the tears that
threatened to spring up once more. He shook his head hard and
inhaled deeply of the cool air while he was at it, pushing back the
bizarre sadness before checking their surroundings again.
At some point, it had gotten dark. Above his head, clusters of
stars twinkling crisply, a sight not seen in the Tokyo of the real
world, even in dreams. He could see the sky because they were
not inside a building, but rather a courtyard-type space. Supporting his back as he sat, legs stretched out, was a thick pillar, about
a meter or so in diameter. Immediately to his right, a high wall
rose up very nearly to the sky.
Nothing had changed; this was the same terrain he had seen
before falling asleep. But when he at last looked down between
his own legs, he realized that the thick ice that should have been
there had been transformed into gravel, and he cocked his head
to one side. Hurriedly looking over his shoulder, he saw that the
pillar behind him was also not pale-blue ice, but rather vermilion
wood.
“Huh…Did the Change happen while I was asleep?” he asked
Ardor Maiden in a hushed voice, and the white-and-scarlet shrine
maiden avatar nodded sharply.
“It would appear so.” Her reply was also whispered, her voice
echoing with a crisp youth. “But I was asleep next to you, C, and
so I didn’t notice it myself.”
The Change was the phenomenon in which the attributes of
the world—the “stage” of the Unlimited Neutral Field created by

the Brain Burst program—were switched periodically. When Silver Crow and Ardor Maiden had begun their nap, this place had
been an Ice stage where everything was frozen solid, but he could
see no sign of snow or ice now.
Almost as if the season had rolled back, the trees were brilliantly colored in fall plumage, and the pillars were wooden, the
walls painted white. He very much wanted to call these attributes
pure Japanese style.
“This is the Heian stage,” Ardor Maiden murmured as she
spread out her scarlet armor skirt and sat neatly on her knees,
matching their surroundings so perfectly she could have been
part of a painting. At his unconscious staring, the small shrine
maiden hung her head, seemingly embarrassed, so he hurriedly
averted his eyes.
Controlling this adorable yet severe duel avatar was a girl four
years younger than eighth-grade student Haruyuki, a girl named
Utai Shinomiya. In fourth grade at Matsunogi Academy, a girls’
school affiliated with Umesato Junior High, she was basically a
real-life sheltered princess. She had, no doubt, almost no experience with an older boy staring at her, and so he shifted his eyes
away from her and around the scene once more.
Vermilion-painted pillars standing in a row from north to
south. A large cobblestone street stretching out between them.
The flickering orange light of countless watch fires. And the
stately silhouette of the enormous palace he could see in the distance in the north.
The attributes for the Japanese-style Heian stage were essentially the ultimate match for this place. That was because they
were inside the address of 1 Chiyoda, Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo, in
the real world and also the center of the Accelerated World: the
Imperial Palace of this side, the absolutely impenetrable Castle.
Haruyuki and everyone belonging to the Legion Nega Nebulus

had that day—Tuesday, June 18, 2047—at just after 7:20 PM, undertaken without a doubt their greatest mission since assembling
their current regiment.
The exceedingly difficult operation to rescue Ardor Maiden
from where she was sealed upon the altar of Suzaku was, in terms
of process, actually extremely simple.
Their leader, Kuroyukihime/Black Lotus, with the support of
Chiyuri/Lime Bell and her pseudo–healing powers, was to fire a
long-distance attack on Suzaku and make herself a target.
Haruyuki/Silver Crow would fly at top speed assisted by
Fuko/Sky Raker’s booster over Suzaku, charging down the large
bridge stretching out from the south gate. He would recover
Utai/Ardor Maiden at the moment she appeared once she had
been given the signal to dive by Takumu/Cyan Pile before turning
up into the sky at 180 degrees and escaping from the bridge.
He had believed the strategy would go well.
However, at the last of last moments, something entirely unexpected happened. Despite the fact that Haruyuki had not so much
as breathed on it, Suzaku shifted its target from Black Lotus to
Silver Crow and launched an extremely powerful fire-breath attack from behind him.
With the hot flames roasting his back, he had been unable to
turn after grabbing Ardor Maiden from the ground, and so he had
simply kept charging forward. Since the palace’s southern gates
were said to open only when Suzaku was defeated, he steeled
himself to slam into them when, for some reason, the gates
opened the merest hint of a crack for just an instant. Long out of
other options, Haruyuki and Utai plunged through it.
Haruyuki then crashed as he heard the sound of the gates closing behind him. After temporarily losing consciousness, he asked
Utai, who was holding him tightly, “Um, are we maybe alive…?”

The shock of her response to that question still reverberated in
his mind.
“We are alive. But…aah, but…”
“Here…This place is inside the Castle.”
“I still can’t believe it. I mean, us inside that Castle,” Haruyuki
muttered, leaning up against the pillar.
Utai, kneeling neatly before him, nodded. “I was surprised
when we entered the Castle, but I’m even further surprised that
we live on like this after more than six hours.”
“What…D-did I sleep that long? So then this darkness isn’t a
characteristic of the stage, it’s just nighttime already?” he asked
hurriedly.
Although you could see your total dive time in the Unlimited
Neutral Field if you opened a menu window, there were very few
methods of learning the precise internal time—what time it was
in the hours and minutes of this world. Somewhere in the field,
there was apparently a large clock that had been marking the passage of all the time that had passed since the start of this world,
but he felt like that would be a terrifying thing to see. That clock
would have to be displaying a date and time greater than one
thousand times seven years; i.e., seven thousand years.
“You can see the stars in the Heian stage.” Utai pointed with
her small hand at the night sky above their heads. “From the position of the stars, it appears to be already very nearly midnight.”
“Uh, uh-huh. Makes sense.” Haruyuki threw his head back up
at the star-filled sky.
Having dropped down in a corner of the courtyard adjacent to
the Castle’s south gate approximately six hours earlier—although
this was naturally in accelerated time—they had huddled together

and reflected upon their own shock and feelings for a while, but
they couldn’t just sit tight there forever. At every spot along the
main road that stretched out due north from the south gate to the
main building of the palace enshrined on the far side, they could
see slow-moving groups of human-shaped Enemies.
The Enemies were about three meters tall, and thus far
smaller than the Four Gods, but they were clad in thick armor
and wore longswords on their hips, reminiscent of warriors from
the Warring States era; they radiated an impressive force that
was more than enough to set Haruyuki shivering. And on top of
that, they strutted around in groups of at least three.
Moreover, they could see the shadows of warrior Enemies in
the hallway outside, running along the inside of the castle wall,
and when these warriors approached, armor clanging, the
trapped Burst Linkers needed to take immediate action. But
fighting was simply too foolhardy. Haruyuki’s HP gauge had been
cut basically in half by Suzaku’s flames, and Utai wasn’t unharmed, either.
Thus, they had avoided the main road and the halls and fled to
the maze of the courtyard, securing a resting place in the shadow
of a pillar that seemed safe for the time being. The sun set then,
and despite the fact that he was fully aware of how worried
Kuroyukihime and the others outside the castle gates must have
been, he had fallen asleep sitting at the base of the pillar, perhaps
exhausted mentally from all the action. And now they were here.
When they had slipped into this safe zone, the setting sun had
dyed the cloudy sky of the Ice stage purple, but that color was
completely gone now; the stars twinkled brightly in raven heavens.
Just as Utai said, those stars seemed to perfectly reproduce
the array of constellations he had learned in a full-dive lesson a
long time ago. Leaning back against the pillar, he looked to the
east, and his eyes stopped on a remarkably bright star glittering

pure white. He was pretty sure that was…
“Lyra…So Vega?” He was talking to himself, but Utai nodded,
still kneeling and looking up at the sky.
“That is correct. In Japan, we also call it Orihime.”
Haruyuki had considered all that knowledge drilled into him
in class at school to be a total waste of time. He’d never expected
that any of it would come in handy in a place like this, and he was
suddenly delighted.
“So then below that to the right is…Aquila’s Altair.” He
pointed at the starry sky. “And to the lower left is Cygnus’s
Deneb, right? Umm…so which one’s Hikoboshi again?”
Giggling, Utai raised her arm, so like the sleeve of a shrine
maiden’s costume. “It’s Altair. These three together are called the
Summer Triangle. Although it’s June right now, so their positions
are still a little low.”
“Huh. So that means the stars in the sky in the Accelerated
World are based on the actual seasons…” Forgetting for a fleeting
moment that they might not get out of this alive, Haruyuki was
struck by a strange emotion and stared single-mindedly up at the
sky.
The point of reproducing real terrain from images from the social cameras might have been to increase the number of strategic
and tactical elements of the game. That made sense. But no matter which way he looked at it, the night sky was just scenery. No
player would complain if the game had simply stuck up a single
image made up of random points of light.
But there had to be some kind of intent or statement being
made in going so far as to place the stars in the same positions as
in the real world and reproduce even the movements of the constellations with the seasons; most likely the assertion that this

wasn’t just a game, it wasn’t just an imaginary world.
“The early Burst Linkers—apparently, they used to use the expression ‘BB players,’” Utai began to relate quietly, abruptly
bringing both hands back down to her knees. “They, too, when
they realized that the night sky in the Accelerated World was exactly the same as reality’s—albeit the beautiful stars shone
brightly with a clarity you could never dream of in Tokyo where
the artificial lights are simply too bright—felt something uniformly. That’s the reason that the prominent Legions were given
names evocative of space.”
“What? Are there really that many space names?” Haruyuki
twisted his head around, and the childlike shrine maiden allowed
a faint, bitter smile to rise up on her trim mask.
“All of the Legions of the Seven Kings have one. Our Nega
Nebulus as well, a dark interstellar cloud…Although strictly
speaking, it’s apparently a ‘dark nebula’ in English, but the name
is from that concept. And the Red Legion’s ‘Prominence’ is the jet
shooting up from the surface of the sun. The Blue Legion’s
‘Leonids’ is a meteor shower in the constellation Leo.”
“W-wow. So that’s why…”
I just know Chiyu and Taku both realized this right from the
start and felt like it went without saying. I’m so glad Utai’s
telling me before I have to hear them all shout, You didn’t
know?!
Whispering all kinds of reassuring thoughts to himself,
Haruyuki asked, “So that means the White Legion’s, um, ‘Oscillatory Universe’ isn’t because the Legion Master’s a white Shiratori
bird or anything, but because it’s actually a name related to
space?”
At this, another smile with the slightest element of exasperation bled onto Utai’s face, but she quickly recomposed her expres-

sion. “Yes,” she said, in a whisper that was slightly tense for some
reason, as she lowered her eyes. “‘Oscillatory universe’ means…a
vibrating universe. But I haven’t learned about that in school yet,
so I don’t understand the precise meaning.”
“V-vibrating universe…”
I mean, the universe doesn’t actually shake or vibrate or anything.
He shook his head from side to side, but eighth-grade student
Haruyuki couldn’t remember ever having heard those words in
his science classes. To begin with, he wasn’t sure if this level of
concept would even show up in the compulsory education curriculum. He decided to look it up later if he remembered and
turned his eyes up once more to the starry heavens.
Above the Summer Triangle, at precisely the pinnacle, several
fairly weak stars were huddled together. He was pretty sure that
was Hercules. To the left, Draco, the hundred-headed dragon
Ladon defeated, rose up into the sky nearby the hero. And then
farther to the left was a group of stars so bright they approached
the brightness of the large triangle.
Ursa Major. The tail shone especially brightly. He learned in
class that because of this brightness, the tail had been a constellation all by itself in ancient China.
The dipper shape with the long handle.
The seven stars of the Big Dipper.
Thmmp. He felt his heart jump abruptly. In the back of his
mind, he felt small sparks firing, and his eyes were drawn to the
center of the three stars that made up the dipper handle. He felt
like this star alone, the name of which he didn’t know, was pulsing in sync with those sparks in him.

A pulsating throb descended slowly from the center of his
brain into his central nervous system. It flowed through his neck,
past his shoulders, down the center of his back, and reached the
space between his shoulder blades. Thmmp. It hurt. Thmmp.
Thmmp. The sensation was both as though his own body itself
were in pain and also as if some foreign body had embedded itself
in—
“…C. C!”
At his shoulders being shaken gently, Haruyuki lifted his face
with a gasp. Immediately before him, Ardor Maiden looked on, a
worried light shining in her scarlet eyes.
Hurriedly, he shook his head and mumbled an answer. “Ssorry. I just sort of spaced out…”
“Is…that so? Then…I must have seen wrong. My apologies.
Your body—For a moment, it seemed as though something shadowlike was covering it…”
“……”
He felt like he had heard her words somewhere else. And not
that long ago. In the middle of the Hermes’ Cord race a week before, when the shuttle was racing through warp space, Sky Raker
had made a similar remark…
“I-it’s just your imagination. I’m not doing anything.” His response was essentially the same as it had been with Sky Raker,
and then, unconsciously glossing over a nebulous unease, he
added, “More important, we should get to thinking about what
we’re going to do now. It’s not like we can just sit in this safe zone
forever.”
“Yes. That’s…You’re right.” Utai nodded largely, as if to shake
away her concerns, and then whirled her head around.

At that moment, they were hiding in the Castle’s plaza, about
fifty meters to the northeast of the southern gate. On the other
side of the vermilion pillars, directly to the west, was the cobblestone main road stretching from north to south. Spreading out to
the east was the complicated Japanese garden–style maze they
had stepped into. The corridor along the circular castle walls was
south of them.
Since fearsome Enemies patrolled a fixed course on the large
main road and the corridor, it would be difficult to slip through
either of those. And from the garden to the east, he could hear
loud splashing noises and the heavy slithering of something massive crawling around from time to time; he was very much not interested in going that way.
The one place where they might be able to move was the narrow space between the rows of pillars and the maze of the garden,
a course toward the north hiding behind pillars as they went, but
there was no exit to the north—only the palace, which was the
main building of the Castle. Inside there would be what was
called the Inner Sanctuary, if it kept with the design of the Heian
stage. The place was all so reminiscent of an enormous shrine,
Haru had no doubt that monsters even fiercer than the current
warrior-type Enemies would be parading around.
Given that their goal wasn’t to storm the Castle, it was to return alive with Utai—Ardor Maiden—to a portal, they needed to
avoid carelessly approaching the inner sanctuary at least, where
they could get caught in an even worse Unlimited EK situation.
“Most likely…” Returning her gaze to Haruyuki after taking in
their surroundings again, Utai opened her mouth as if thinking
out loud, still seated neatly on her knees. “Lotus, Raker, and Bell
should have already returned to the real world through the portal
at the police station. When you’re separated from your comrades
during a battle in the Unlimited Neutral Field, the general idea is
that rather than continuing to risk the danger, those who can escape, escape.”

“Yeah, makes sense.”
The younger girl continued in a childlike, yet clear tone. “Then
in that case, if a safety’s been set, those who left first would activate it, and then an assessment of the situation would take place
in the real world. Thus, if we continue to wait here like this, there
will soon be a discussion, and in the meantime, we will be able to
return to your house. Or we should be able to.”
A safety was when, instead of connecting Neurolinkers wirelessly to the global net, Burst Linkers connected using a wired
connection through a home server or mobile router. Doing so allowed their comrades who managed to escape before them to cut
the circuit of this stepping-stone and log them out for the moment even if they couldn’t reach a portal in the Unlimited Neutral
Field.
Currently, Haruyuki, Utai, Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Takumu, and
Chiyuri were gathered in Haruyuki’s living room, their Neurolinkers connected in a daisy chain. If, having made it alive to
the portal at the police station at the base of the southern bridge
of the Castle, Kuroyukihime and the others pulled out the XSB
cable connecting Haruyuki’s Neurolinker to the Arita home
server, in that instant, Haruyuki and Utai would automatically
burst out.
However, Utai moved her avatar’s mouth again, as if lost in
further thought. “But, the situation being what it is, Lotus and the
others are no doubt unsure. Because regardless of anything else,
it was a one-in-a-million miracle that you and I slipped through
the watch of Suzaku. We will likely never have another chance to
investigate the interior of the Castle.”
“Never?……I dunno. If we charge at the gate with the same
strategy again, maybe we could…” Naturally, he had no desire to
do this again, but he gave voice to the idea as a possibility at the
very least.

“C, please look over there.” Utai raised her right hand to point
across Haruyuki’s shoulder to the southwest. “That’s the inside of
the south gate.”
“O-okay.” He turned around and carefully poked his face out
from the shadow of the pillar behind him to see an enormous castle gate soaring up fifty meters ahead.
The gate doors, made up of two large panels side by side, separated the inside and the outside of the Castle absolutely, with an
impressive mass and density. He could hardly believe that six
hours earlier, the seam between those panels had opened up
barely half a meter and allowed them to pass through.
Utai was pointing at the very center of the doors. Straining his
eyes to see the spot, a place where the light of the watch fires on
the ground just barely reached, he realized he did indeed see
something large there.
Maybe a bas-relief? A square metal plate, about three or so
meters on each side, connected the doors. Some kind of detailed
engraving appeared to be carved into its surface, but it had a
gravity that made it seem like more than simply a decorative object.
“…Oh…”
Squinting harder, the design of the relief suddenly snapped
into clarity before his eyes. An enormous bird, wings spread wide
to both sides, sharp beak open at the end of a long head. The God
Suzaku itself.
“A seal…for the gate?” Haruyuki murmured unconsciously,
and felt Utai nodding next to him.
“I think so, too. C, I believe you likely haven’t noticed this, but
in fact, at the point in time when we charged through those gates,
that seal had been destroyed by someone.”

“Wh-whaaaat?!” Unthinkingly, he cried out in surprise and
hurried to clamp his hands over his mouth. Lowering his voice,
he asked urgently, “D-destroyed?! So the seal’s not actually supposed to split in the middle? It was broken?”
“That is how it looked to me. Rather than the center being vertically divided in a straight line, it was cut into a diagonal cross,
as though an enormous sword had sliced into it twice.”
To reproduce the situation for him, Ardor Maiden stretched
out five fingers and drew an X in the air with her right hand. As
she lowered it, she continued in an even quieter voice.
“However, a few seconds after we charged in and the gates
closed, the seal was completely restored, as you can see there. In
this world, any kind of lock or seal is a metaphor for a system
lock. If that seal had been functioning properly, the main gate
most certainly would not have opened without the defeat of
Suzaku. In other words, it was precisely because something—or
some one—cut that seal from the inside with a sword that the gate
opened for us when we approached it, even if only for a moment.
That is what I believe.”
Still staring at the metal bas-relief reflecting the light of the
torches in the distance, Haruyuki opened and closed his mouth
beneath his silver surface any number of times. He sorted
through his thoughts and finally put the first of them into words.
“So that means a Burst Linker got into this Castle before us…and
deliberately destroyed that seal for someone coming along later?”
“…Yes, I think so.”
“B-but, like, Suzaku’s going strong out there. So then, how on
earth did that Burst Linker get into the Castle? If that seal automatically restores itself after the gates open and close, like you
saw it do, Mei—I mean, it can’t have been broken since the birth
of the Accelerated World. And there’s no way for this whoever to
break through the gate other than…defeating Suzaku…”

Hands on her knees once more, Utai gently shook her head.
“That I don’t know. To obtain any further information, it’s
likely necessary to enter the inner sanctuary of the Castle.” Her
words dropped to a whisper toward the end, and Haruyuki
turned his gaze north, toward the silhouette of the inner sanctuary cutting a black sheet out of the starry sky.
Go in there? The very center of the center of the Accelerated
World…?
We can’t. We totally can’t do something that outrageous.
First of all, the entrance to the inner sanctuary’s obviously
gonna be guarded by Enemies even more incredible than those
terrifying warriors. How are we supposed to break through
something like that…
He pulled his shoulders in tightly with a shudder, his pessimistic thoughts taking charge in his brain. And then Haruyuki
got the feeling that he was watching a mysterious scene dimly
projected on a screen somewhere deep in his brain.
Although his own avatar was definitely still seated on the
gravel, another self stood up and advanced to the north. Hiding
behind the pillars from the gazes of the warrior Enemies patrolling the main road, he approached the inner sanctuary, cautiously but at a steady pace. Rather than aiming for the strictly
guarded main entrance, he had his sights set on a single window
on the white wall a few dozen meters east of it…
“—setting aside the matter of the seal, I believe that at any
rate, we do have to move.”
Utai’s voice in his ears shattered the bizarre vision. He opened
his eyes with a gasp and blinked repeatedly. Seemingly paying
this no mind, Utai kept her eyes on the inner sanctuary in the distance and continued speaking quietly.

“If we wait here like this, at some point, Lotus and the others
will force us to Burst Out. But if, for instance, we do manage to
return to the real world for a time, the next time we use the “unlimited burst” command, we will appear here in the inner garden
of the Castle again. There’s not such a difference between that
and Unlimited EK.”
“Oh…y-yeah, right.” Haruyuki simply agreed as he tried to get
his head together somehow. “So then this mission isn’t over until
me and you, Shino—Mei—leave properly through a portal somewhere. To do that, we have to open that gate again, get outside,
dodge Suzaku’s attack, and reach the police station on the other
side of the bridge…or find a new portal inside the Castle…”
“Yes, that’s exactly right.” Ardor Maiden nodded crisply, and
Haruyuki stared into her scarlet eyes before deliberately opening
his mouth again.
“Mei. I have a proposal. I don’t have any real reason or confidence, but…I want to try heading for the inner sanctuary. I don’t
know why, but…I think we can make it.” As he stared at the child
shrine maiden cocking her head slightly, his own avatar, which
had been sitting cross-legged on the gravel, shifted to sit properly
on its knees without his being aware of it. He clenched his hands
lightly on his knees, straightened his back, and continued speaking.
“Naturally, I get that the worst-case scenario is we’re killed by
some Enemy stronger than those warriors and get stuck in an Unlimited EK in the Castle. I know we shouldn’t risk that danger on
a gut feeling. But, still, I want to go…I kinda feel like…we maybe…
have to go…”
It was a fair bit of work for Haruyuki to get all this out, and toward the end, his voice turned into his usual mumble, and his
shoulders started to drop. There was no way he’d be able to persuade a very veteran Burst Linker two levels higher than he was.

“Understood.” Utai nodded.
“What?!” he cried out in surprise.
The shrine maiden let a little laugh out and, while still kneeling, deftly moved to bring her knees right up alongside his. From
this position, she reached out with her right hand and gently
placed it on top of his clenched fist.
“C. Back there, you ignored Lotus’s order to retreat, and you
rescued me when I appeared on the altar, all while being chased
by Suzaku’s flames. In that instant, I understood that you are a
person I can trust—someone I should trust. No, actually, perhaps
I knew it from the time we first met, from the time I saw you all
alone in the yard at Umesato Junior High School, so earnestly
cleaning out the animal hutch.”
“Th-that’s—I mean, I, like, totally, it’s just…” Haruyuki hung
his head deeply, his usual stammering reaching new levels. “I
never think—I always mess up. I mean, that time cleaning, I totally sprayed you with water.”
Perhaps remembering it, Utai let a giggle slip out and held
Haruyuki’s hand even more tightly. “I believe I told you: that true
strength is moving forward without giving up, even if you lose or
fall down or fail. If we are killed by Enemies aiming for the
depths of the inner sanctuary, I have faith that you will manage
something there.”
They were kind yet harsh words. But Haruyuki lifted his face
and firmly met Utai’s eyes, glittering brightly before nodding
deeply.
“Yeah. I’ll work something out. We’re going home alive…to
everyone waiting for us in the real world.”

3
The cobblestone main road continuing from the south gate of the
Castle—which was named Suzakumon—to the main entrance of
the inner sanctuary was approximately three hundred meters
long. Standing on both sides every eight meters was a vermilion
pillar. Since the pillars themselves had a diameter of two meters,
the gap between each pair of pillars was six meters. The warrior
Enemies patrolling the main road didn’t appear to notice the existence of the intruders when they were hiding quietly behind a pillar, but it wasn’t hard to imagine that the instant the warriors saw
them moving or heard the sound of footsteps on gravel, they
would swoop down upon them.
Thus, to make it to the inner sanctuary of the Castle, the only
choice Haruyuki and Utai had was to cross from the shadow of
one pillar to the next of thirty-five pillars while avoiding the warriors’ reaction range. Naturally, Haruyuki’s first inclination was
to consider using his wings for an aerial approach, but the falconlike birds dancing slowly in the night sky concerned him. If they
were some of the harmless critter objects, simply one part of the
stage’s terrain, it would be fine, but he and his partner would be
in serious trouble if they turned out to be some kind of lookout
Enemies.
Nevertheless, his wings weren’t entirely useless. Crouching in
the shadow of the umpteenth pillar, holding the small body of
Ardor Maiden in his arms, Haruyuki listened hard and waited for
his moment.
Warriors marched south along the main road five or so meters
to their left, armor clanging. Those weighty footfalls came up directly beside the pillar, passed by, and receded farther.

Utai, in his arms, nodded her tiny head. At the same time, the
metal fins on Haruyuki’s back fluttered with the minimum output, and lightly, soundlessly, the pair flew—or rather, jumped.
They landed gently on tiptoe behind the pillar eight meters
ahead. The warriors behind them continued to walk away at the
same pace, not seeming to notice anything out of place.
“Phe…” He suppressed the sigh that started to slip out, and
Utai turned worried eyes on him. He looked back into those rubylike lenses and nodded that he was okay.
He had a certain amount of experience fighting Enemies in the
Unlimited Neutral Field, but this was the first time he had been
forced to engage in covert action that used so much mental energy. In more than twenty minutes, the distance they had covered
was at most a hundred meters. However, they couldn’t rush this.
He had to concentrate and make a perfect jump each time.
It was a difficult situation, but luck was also on their side. To
begin with, there was the fact that Haruyuki’s flight was not a
special attack that required him to utter the name of the technique in order to activate it, but rather a normally activated ability. Thus, they didn’t have to worry about the warriors hearing his
voice.
And one more piece of luck was that holding his breath and
hiding himself was real-world Haruyuki Arita’s big signature
move. Of the three hundred and sixty people at Umesato Junior
High, no one had polished their Inconspicuous skill to the extent
that Haruyuki had. The seemingly paradoxical trick to this was to
sneak out in the open. Because Haruyuki had been excessively
bothered by the eyes of the students around him back in seventh
grade, he had provoked the sadism of some delinquents. Nothing
was ever good in excess.
Right: careful guard, but without fear; join the natural flow—
complete the next jump.

His precious special-attack gauge, filled up when he was
scorched with Suzaku’s flames, had about 60 percent left. If he
used it well, that would be plenty. If he flew steadily between one
pillar and the next without rushing, he’d reach the finish line at
some point. A lesson he’d learned cleaning out that animal hutch.
A new group of warriors approached and passed by on the
other side of the pillar. Utai nodded. Haru nodded back and gently vibrated his wings. Jump.
Forty minutes later, when they had finally reached the base of the
last of the pillars, Haruyuki let out a long, heavy sigh of relief this
time.
The patrolling warriors apparently didn’t come up to the side
of this pillar. After checking that there was no sign of any Enemy
around them, Ardor Maiden, in his arms, whispered at minimum
volume, “Very nice work, C.”
“Yeah. You, too, Mei.” He let the slender avatar down gently
onto the gravel. Huddled together, crouching, they cautiously
peeked out from the shadow of the pillar.
The inner sanctuary of the Castle, the very center of the center
of the Unlimited Neutral Field—the true Accelerated World—rose
up a mere five meters ahead of them. Given that this was the
Japanese-style Heian stage, the design of the building also closely
resembled the reproduction model of the Council Hall of the Imperial Palace in ancient Kyoto, which he had done a full dive into
in his Japanese history class. It was just much, much bigger.
The roof was black tiles. The walls were painted white, and the
pillars and latticed windows were vermilion. To their right was
the main entrance, leading off from the center of the main road.
But going in through there was probably—no, definitely—impossible. On either side of the gate stood Enemies far more massive
than the courtyard’s warriors; they were fearsome, imposing, and
perhaps best described as two guardian Deva kings.

“C, I have to ask at least. Are you planning to challenge those
people?”
At Utai’s whispered question, Haruyuki moved his head at
high speeds, horizontally, back and forth. “N-n-n-n-n-no way, yy-y-y-y-you gotta be kidding! I don’t want to get another centimeter closer to them.”
“…Neither do I. But…then what exactly are you planning to
do? I do believe that we won’t find a portal without going into
that inner sanctuary.”
“…Um, okay.” Beneath his helmet, he bit his lip for a moment.
He didn’t know if she’d believe him if he told her what they were
going to do and the basis for that action. However, Haruyuki
didn’t want to tell any kind of lie to this girl, Utai Shinomiya, still
so childlike and innocent despite having borne a massive weight
on her shoulders for more than two years. Which is why he simply told the truth.
“When I was dozing back there under the pillar at the southern edge, I had a dream. Someone who looked a lot like me but
who wasn’t me took the exact same route as us and got into the
inner sanctuary.” He still couldn’t fully remember all the details
of that dream. But when he saw that vision of the silver avatar
moving forward across the gravel, the part that came after that
returned hazily to life in his mind.
Ardor Maiden stared at him curiously as he put a hand on her
right hip and stood her up with him. Holding her gently, he raced
his eyes around to the left and right to check it was safe. He used
the tiny bit left in his gauge for the final long jump.
He was aiming for not the main entrance to their right but the
latticed windows along the white wall—specifically, the one fifth
from the left.
When he landed immediately in front of the window, which it-

self was a careful hatching of vermilion crosspieces, Utai took a
step forward and then turned around, shaking her small head.
“It won’t open, I think. And it’s almost certainly impossible to
break it—this type of window is almost always an unbreakable object, locked by the system.”
She was absolutely correct. Unlike the Normal Duel Field,
which was a straightforward fighting-game stage, the Unlimited
Neutral Field that the Brain Burst program generated was more
role-playing game, good for strategizing and adventuring. Pretty
much any building in the Normal Field could be destroyed, but
that was not necessarily the case in the Unlimited Field. Just like
a locked door wouldn’t open unless you had the key that fit it, if
you didn’t have a reason to go inside places closed off in this
world, the system would most certainly not let you.
But Haruyuki simply half nodded at Utai and looked up at the
latticed window. He reached up and grabbed a thin vermilion
crosspiece. Please, he prayed as he gently pulled it forward.
Sure enough, the latticed window rotated soundlessly with the
central crosspiece as the axis.
Utai took a sharp breath. Her scarlet eye lenses opened wide
as though she couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
It was only natural she’d be surprised. On the inside of the latticed window, on the bottom, a hefty lock glittered gold. But the
bolt had been completely opened, showing that this window was
in an unlocked state, according to the system.
Ardor Maiden took a few steps, still saying nothing, and
reached up to the next latticed window. She tried to pull it open
in the same way, but the vermilion crosspiece stayed firmly fixed
to the window frame, not even bending. Clearly, only the fifth
window had been unlocked from the inside by someone.

“Did you also dream that this window would be open?” Utai
asked him hoarsely, having returned to his side.
“Yeah.” Haruyuki nodded slightly. “In my dream, someone got
in through this window, like they slipped through it and opened
the lock.”
“Was that someone the same person who broke the seal on the
south gate?”
“I…don’t know. But I feel like there wasn’t a bit like that in my
dream. And the person I saw maybe didn’t have anything swordlike,” he replied, almost absently, as he searched his memory intently. But they were talking about a dream he’d had while napping. All that came to mind were confused fragments of images;
he couldn’t even put them in chronological order. Maybe if he
had had the dream recorder app that all the Neurolinker companies were working on, it would have been a different story, but
even still, that would have only worked in the Basic Accelerated
Field, where you could launch external programs.
But, more important, had it really been just a dream?
Dreams were essentially something produced from your own
memories. So he shouldn’t have been able to see anything in a
dream that he didn’t actually know. This was obviously the first
time Haruyuki had entered the Castle. In which case, where did
the memory that this window was unlocked come from…?
Haruyuki had gotten this far when a faint sound reached him
from the east, and he turned his gaze with a gasp. The clanging
drew nearer on the narrow path between the courtyard of trees in
autumn brilliance and the endless white wall. There was no doubt
it was a group of warrior Enemies. Apparently, this path was also
a patrol course, albeit an infrequent one. They had to move right
away.
After meeting each other’s eyes for half a second, Haruyuki

and Utai nodded together. They couldn’t go back now, not when
they’d come so far. Haruyuki first poked his head in through the
unlocked window and checked that there were no Enemies inside
the wide hallway. He slid gently inside before reaching out to pull
Ardor Maiden up with both hands. Without a moment’s delay, he
closed the lattice, and they crouched below it, side by side.
The heavy footfalls on the gravel of the lane outside passed by,
turned near the main gate, and passed by once more before disappearing back into the east.
“Phew…” At the same time as he let out yet another sigh, they
looked at each other again, gently bumped fists, and grinned.
Finally.
They had at last succeeded in entering the inner sanctuary of
the Castle itself, famed as being impenetrable. They were drawing
infinitely closer to the center of the Accelerated World. Unfortunately, however, it was almost certainly a fact that another Burst
Linker had made it this far before them. And if the person who
destroyed the Suzaku seal on the south gate and the person who
unlocked the latticed window here were not one and the same,
there had actually been two intruders before them.
If they wanted to know who those other Burst Linkers were,
their only choice was to head even farther into the inner sanctuary. The fearsomeness and number of the guardian Enemies here
was likely an order of magnitude higher than outside, but all they
could do was keep moving forward.
“Umm.” Haruyuki blinked hard once before quietly asking,
“How much real time has passed since we dove here?”
“I’d estimate that it’s been about seven hours of inside time, so
twenty-five thousand, two hundred seconds divided by a thousand…about twenty-five seconds.”

“Okay, then it’s probably been about twenty seconds since
Kuroyukihime and the others got back. How long you think
they’ll wait before pulling our cables out?”
“At the earliest, I think they will force a disconnect at thirty
seconds. Another ten seconds in real time…Here, we have two
hours and forty-five minutes left.” Utai’s prompt response was
just what he’d expect from a veteran Burst Linker; Haru was still
not that great at mentally calculating accelerated time.
He bobbed his head up and down. “We either make it all the
way in alive, or we die along the way. Either way, that much
time’s plenty. Let’s go, Mei. Going to the right is probably safe.”
He sat with one knee raised and stretched out his left hand.
Utai stared at him for a moment, scarlet eye lenses glittering
in her snow-white face mask. When he cocked his head to one
side, she spoke in a voice colored with a smile. “It’s just that since
we got here, I’ve steadily felt more and more like I could rely on
you, C. Almost like…my older brother.”
Having something like this sprung on him sent his awkward
meter shooting through the roof in the blink of an eye. “Whwhat? Mei, you have an older brother? What grade’s he in?” he
asked shrilly, eyes frozen in place.
But Utai grabbed his hand and stood up without responding to
this question. Once more, a thin smile crossed her face, this time
lonely somehow. “Well then, shall we go? Whether we live or
die…I leave my life in your hands, C.”
“…Yeah.” Pushing aside his confusion, Haruyuki nodded
firmly.
He was the one who had insisted on aiming for the inner sanctuary. So he had to give his all to keep Utai safe now. As a Burst
Linker, Utai was overwhelmingly the stronger one, but this was a
different sort of problem. Even if he had to sacrifice himself, he

wanted to make sure Utai at least avoided falling into an Unlimited EK state again.
Secretly resolving this to himself, he started walking along the
wooden floor of the silent, cool hallway, when a tiny voice came
back to life in his ears.
Look, big brother Haruyuki. If one of us—or maybe both of us
—lose Brain Burst, we’ll probably forget everything, everything
about each other, you know…
This wasn’t a fragment of that strange dream. These were the
words of Yuniko Kozuki—the second-generation Red King, Scarlet Rain—when she suddenly showed up at his house after the
Meeting of the Seven Kings. It had been held in the east gardens
of the Imperial Palace in the Normal Field two days earlier in real
time, on Sunday, June 16. She had looked scared somehow. Or,
given that she was saying things like lose Brain Burst, maybe she
actually had been afraid of something.
But what? Did anything actually exist that Niko—a top-level
Burst Linker at level nine and one of the Seven Kings of Pure
Color ruling over the Accelerated World—would have to be afraid
of? Considering the fact that in addition to the terrifying firepower of her Enhanced Armament, she had also mastered the Incarnate techniques of Range Expansion and Movement Expansion, she should have been able to escape from even the territory
of Suzaku under her own power.
Still, she might have been a king, but Niko was a sixth-grade
girl in the real world, so it was no wonder if she got anxious about
things sometimes. And in the Armor of Catastrophe incident six
months earlier, she had herself condemned to exile Cherry Rook,
a Linker close to her who had become the fifth Chrome Disaster.
Rook had apparently been one of the few friends she had at her
real-world boarding school, and now he had lost his memories of
Brain Burst and transferred to a school far away. It would have
been strange if she wasn’t a little lonely.

“Hey, Mei?” Haruyuki unconsciously opened his mouth as
they walked down the long hallway.
“Yes?”
After fumbling for the right words for a minute, he started
talking again to the young shrine maiden looking up at him. “If
we find a portal and get out of here…if we get through all this, I
have a friend I want to introduce you to.”
“A friend? Do you mean in the real world?”
“Yeah. She’s two years older than you. She’s in grade six right
now. Kinda sassy, kinda rough, but…but she’s really great. If it’s
all right with you—if you’re okay with it, I mean, maybe you could
be friends—”
Suddenly, a sensation like pain pushed up from the center of
his chest. Haruyuki stopped breathing, and his eyes flew open.
Was this…a premonition? That what he had just said would probably not come true? That some terrible…sad catastrophe would
befall them before it could…
As if there’s any such thing!
I’ll keep my world safe. I won’t make anyone unhappy anymore. I won’t let anyone be sad. Kuroyukihime, my teacher,
Chiyu, Taku, and Shinomiya, too…and Pard and, of course,
Niko. I’ll protect this warm circle, these bonds we have, modest
and yet bigger than anything else. I will keep this safe.
“C.” A tense voice called to him, and Haruyuki opened his eyes
with a gasp. When he turned his gaze to his side, the young shrine
maiden was focused intently on the path ahead of them in the
hallway. Drawn in, Haruyuki looked ahead and noticed several
massive auras. Soon, a heavy sound of creaking movement
reached his ears.

“It appears that there are indeed Enemies inside as well.”
He nodded quickly and looked to both sides. On the wall to the
right, the line of vermilion latticed windows. They could probably
unlock one and get outside, but there was the possibility of the
warrior Enemies there, too. On the left, rather than a wall, a row
of brilliantly painted sliding fusuma doors. He couldn’t see anything resembling a lock, so he expected they would open if he
pulled on them, but which of the fusuma should they slide
open…?
He then had another strange vision: A pale, human-shaped silhouette pulled open the fusuma two meters or so ahead and
slipped inside.
“Over there.” Rather than doubting his eyes, Haruyuki followed the phantom avatar. Without hesitating, he pulled the
fusuma open and found another hallway with a polished hardwood floor. Another line of fusuma both ways. They slipped into
the space stretching out to the north and closed the room dividers
behind them with a thump.
They didn’t even get the chance to breathe for a second before
movement somewhere along the hall made the floorboards creak
loudly. The shadow before his eyes that looked so much like himself glided forward, opened a fusuma to the right, and disappeared.
Just what was that shadow? And why was he the only one who
could see it? There were a lot of things he didn’t understand, but
at this stage, all he could do was trust and follow where it led.
Swallowing the echoes of the pain lingering in his heart, he forcefully called up all his focus and opened the next fusuma, pulling
Utai along by the hand.
If they had tried to advance on their own and avoid the herds of
warriors and Shinto-priest guardians that crowded the map of the

interior of the Castle’s inner sanctuary, even a full day would not
have been anywhere near enough time.
Although the hallways were wide and they didn’t lack for objects like pillars and sculptures to hide behind, the Enemy patrol
patterns were complicated, definitely not readable with a few moments’ observation. The building was also made up of a series of
fusuma and hallways that looked almost exactly like one another,
making it very easy to get lost, and, of course, there was no automapping function, so before they knew it, they had lost all sense
of north and south. The fact that they had been able to make any
headway at all in a labyrinth of this level of difficulty was because
they had help from the strange silhouette that floated up in
Haruyuki’s field of view.
The small nameless duel avatar found the blind spots of patrolling Enemies with a timing like passing through the eye of a
needle and opened one unremarkable fusuma door after another,
guiding Haruyuki and Utai forward. It was already quite evident
that this was no mere dream or hallucination.
It was probably a “memory.” The logic of it was unclear, but
the memories of a Burst Linker who had once snuck into this Castle were replaying in Haruyuki’s consciousness. He couldn’t come
up with any other explanation for this phenomenon. But if that
was the case, then that meant whoever this was had succeeded in
reaching the most central depths of the Castle, and then left their
memories in some kind of media after they made it home alive.
Which meant there had to be a portal connected with the real
world in the final site this hazy silhouette arrived at.
Haruyuki believed there was and chased after the memory
shadow with undivided attention, pulling Ardor Maiden along by
the hand. They had a few close calls, but after more than an hour
had passed and they hadn’t been targeted by a single Enemy, the
pair finally reached the entrance to a large hall that seemed to be
very close to their goal.

“This is…,” Utai murmured, and squeezed his hand in hers
tightly.
It was an enormous space, one better described as a massive
temple than a hall. Vermilion pillars supported the high ceiling,
and the walls on all four sides were adorned with dazzling color
prints. It had a very “last boss room” look to it, but there was no
sign of any Enemy. Regardless, a concentrated something hung
in the air that made them hold their breath. Haruyuki squeezed
Utai’s hand back and strained his eyes intently beneath his silver
mask.
The silhouette of memory that had guided them here was stepping slowly into the hall and heading toward the gloomy depths.
Steeling himself, Haruyuki followed it. The shadow glided in between the row of pillars and—
The moment it had advanced to a certain point, it vanished
without a sound.
“Ah!” A quiet cry slipped out of Haruyuki, and he quickened
his pace. If the memory shadow had disappeared, then the portal
had to be in there. But only darkness and cool air filled the depths
of the hall; he definitely didn’t see any flickering blue light. But
that…to come all this way and have there be no exit, it couldn’t
be…
Half running, he crossed the last ten meters and was forced to
acknowledge that his fears had been realized. There was indeed
something there. But it was very clearly not a portal.
Square stone pillars blackly lustrous side by side, a distance of
about two meters between them, standing as high as Silver
Crow’s chest perhaps. When he saw the thin, disparately colored
panels on them, he figured these were no ordinary pillars, but
rather pedestals to place something on.
But both were empty. If anything had sat on them at some

point in the past, those items had already been carried off. The
gray shadow who had guided them here had probably taken at
least one of them. So then a onetime portal that—as the name
suggested—activated only once.
“I…We came all this way…” Enormously discouraged,
Haruyuki started to drop his shoulders.
Utai suddenly squeezed his left hand so hard it creaked.
“…?!” Hurriedly looking to his side, he saw the young shrine
maiden, who he had never once seen lose her cool composure,
staring at the pedestal on the right as if she were trying to devour
it, scarlet light spilling from her eye lenses.
“A Seven Stars plate.”
“Huh…huh…?” Bewildered by the words, which he’d never
heard before, Haruyuki looked at the pedestal once more…and
realized that a small silver plate was indeed embedded in the
front, which he hadn’t noticed before. He took a step toward it
and stared hard. Several characters were carved into it, along
with a curious diagram.
Seven dots, and six lines connecting them. He had seen this
before. There was no mistaking it; it was the shape in the night
sky he had looked up at from the Castle garden two hours earlier.
The tail of Ursa Major. The seven stars of the Big Dipper.
Thmm.
The point on his back throbbed sharply again. It seemed like
this pain had a bit more presence to it than it had before. He
shook his head lightly and pushed it out of his mind. “Seven
Stars?” he asked in a low voice. “Do you mean the Big Dipper
stars carved into this plate? Is there something going on with this
pedestal?”

Utai finally lifted her face. “What sat on this pedestal was an
Enhanced Armament,” she told him in the quietest voice possible.
“However, it is no normal weapon or armor. A group of legendary
armaments, said to be the most powerful in the Accelerated
World, the Arms of the Seven Stars, also known as the Seven
Arcs.”
“Seven…Arcs…”
There’s no way he would have forgotten that term. Haruyuki’s
teacher, Sky Raker, had explained it to him at the Meeting of the
Seven Kings the day before yesterday. The Tempest, the staff
owned by Purple Thorn, the Purple King. The Impulse, the
greatsword worn on the hip of the Blue King, Blue Knight. The
Strife, the large shield carried by the Green King, Green Grandé.
All of these together were called the Seven Arcs.
At that time, Raker had told him that the prevailing hypothesis
was that there were a total of seven Arcs existing in the Accelerated World, but the existence of no more than four had been confirmed. The basis for this hypothesis was probably the plate embedded in this pedestal. When he looked very closely, the sixth
star from the left in the relief of the seven stars of the Big Dipper
carved into the plate was bigger than the others. He supposed
that meant that particular star corresponded with this particular
Arc.
“So then, the Arcs that the Blue King and the others have, they
were on pedestals like these?” Haruyuki’s question omitted the
thought process that preceded it, but Utai still nodded.
“Yes. The Arcs that the Vanquisher and the others have obtained were enshrined in the deepest parts of the four great dungeons of the Accelerated World: Shibakoen, Tokyo Dome, Tokyo
Station, and the Shinjuku government building. I subsequently
saw only the pedestal for the Impulse, but it was exactly the same
design as this. C, please take a look here.” Utai pointed to a spot
on the plate.

Two characters were carved out beneath the seven stars relief
in a severe typeface. They could be read as kaiyou, but he had no
idea what that was supposed to mean.
“This kaiyou is the Chinese name for the zeta star of the Big
Dipper. The pedestal for the greatsword Impulse that I saw had
the characters tensuu cut into it, the Chinese name for the alpha
star. Similarly, the Chinese name for the beta star—tensen—was
on the pedestal for the staff Tempest, while the pedestal for the
shield Strife was imprinted with the Chinese name for the gamma
star, tenki.”
“…I get it.” Haruyuki nodded deeply, intently etching the
string of peculiar nouns into his brain.
Four great dungeons set to the north, east, south, and west of
the Castle in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Four Enhanced Armaments sealed away deep within them. And carved into those
pedestals, the Chinese names for the four stars that made up the
bowl of the Big Dipper. Given that, it was only natural that the
veteran Burst Linkers who found them judged that they were four
of likely seven powerful armaments.
Aah, seriously, why didn’t I get to be a Burst Linker sooner?!
Exploring the four great dungeons, capturing the bosses inside—
probably super huge, too—getting the most powerful equipment…All the fun’s already over.
After letting these regrets race around his mind, Haruyuki
quickly rethought things. Hadn’t his teacher, Sky Raker, said that
everything was starting now? And if he had become a Burst
Linker in the early days, there was a possibility that right about
now, he might belong to a side against Nega Nebulus—against
Kuroyukihime. And he had no greater fortune in this world than
that of having been able to become her child.
He covered his face lightly and reflected deeply on his own
thoughts. “That reminds me,” he said to Utai in a low voice. “I

didn’t see it at the Meeting of the Seven Kings, but what’s the last
of the four Arcs presently confirmed? I’m assuming someone’s already got it, like the other three hidden in the four great dungeons?”
“That…It’s been confirmed that the delta tenken pedestal in
the lowest level of the large Shibakoen maze was already
empty…” Utai broke off momentarily, and a look like she was
thinking it over herself rose up on her face as she continued. “It’s
unknown to the present day who obtained the Luminary, the Arc
that should have been there. At the very least, as far as I’m aware,
there is no record of it ever having been used in a duel.”
“What?!”
That was unexpected. Having expended the effort to obtain
one of the most powerful Enhanced Armaments in the world, was
it even possible to not use it? Perhaps whoever had it was worried
about standing out and becoming the target of concentrated attacks, but if they had the actual strength to break through an
enormous dungeon, then they were probably safe to stand up
proudly and call themselves the owner of an Arc.
And there was something else that didn’t quite click. Puzzling
over this, he asked Utai, “But I’m sure Master Raker said there
were just four Arcs confirmed. So if they only found the pedestal,
does the Luminary count as one of the confirmed Arcs?”
“No.” Utai shook her head, and the hair parts of her shrine
maiden avatar swung back and forth. She lowered hesitant eyes
before murmuring at minimum volume, “Luminary is treated as
unconfirmed. The last of the four Arcs that have appeared up
until now in the Accelerated World should have sat on this
kaiyou pedestal, the Destiny.”
“Des…tiny…” Repeating the name, Haruyuki looked at the
plate on the front of the pedestal as if drawn in by it. Beneath the
relief of the Big Dipper with the single larger star and the two

characters that spelled out the Chinese name for the zeta star, he
did in fact spy several roman letters: THE DESTINY.
It was a name he had never heard before. Or it should have
been. And yet Haruyuki felt that strange piercing sensation in the
center of his body once more. Thmm, thmm. It throbbed somewhere deep in his soul. The pulsing reached his central nervous
system and gave rise to a small spark at a single point on his back.
Abruptly, the world before his eyes shook. Or no, not the world—
only the roman letters on the plate he had his eyes focused on
were losing shape. The seven letters of DESTINY shuddered,
twisted, and transformed into another row of letters, similar and
yet different…
“C.”
Haruyuki’s eyes flew open at the firm squeeze of his left hand.
The vision disappeared, and the letters on the metal plate returned to their original arrangement. At some point, the throbbing in his back had also vanished. He blinked several times before remembering what they had been talking about immediately
before the vision.
“Oh! S-sorry.” Haruyuki apologized to a worried-looking Utai
in a voice that was still slightly hoarse. “I just…spaced out. Umm,
so then that means that some Burst Linker did come here before
us and got the Disaster from this pedestal and used it in a duel,
right? Who was it? Probably one of the kings or something?”
But Ardor Maiden only shook her head in tiny increments at
this question. “You’ll have to excuse me. I haven’t seen it directly,
either. I heard that it was a long, long time before I became a
Burst Linker.”
“It was?” Haruyuki pushed back his frustration. If it was something even a serious veteran like Utai didn’t know, then Haru
would definitely have no point of contact with it, given that he

had been a Burst Linker for only eight months. Which was why
this uneasiness smoldering in the back of his brain had to be a
misapprehension. This itchy, annoying feeling practically insisted
he knew the answer, but he just couldn’t remember.
Almost as if he were unconsciously trying to avert his eyes
from the name Destiny, Haruyuki moved another few steps to the
left, still holding Utai’s hand, and examined the neighboring
pedestal. This one had a similar metal plate embedded in it. The
carving of the Big Dipper was also the same. But the larger star
was fifth from the left. The characters inscribed there were
gyokusho.
“Gyoku…sho, maybe?”
“Yes. The Chinese name for the epsilon star. The Arc inscription is…”
He brought his face in closer at the same time as Utai did and
found the English letters there. Together they murmured, “‘The
Infinity.’”
“This is also the first time I’ve heard this name. Since this
pedestal is as empty as its neighbor, someone—perhaps the same
person—has already carried it off. If that’s the case, then like the
Luminary, it would be an unconfirmed Arc, never once used.”
“I…I guess so.” Haruyuki let out a small, secret sigh.
Immediately before the Meeting of the Seven Kings the day
before yesterday, where he had seen the Castle rising up in the
distance in Chiyoda Area, Kuroyukihime had said there was a
rumor about some incredible Enhanced Armament being hidden
in the very innermost room of the Castle’s inner sanctuary. And
that had evidently been true. And that Enhanced Armament was
likely higher in status than the Arcs the Blue, Green, and Purple
kings had.

And yet what they found were only the pedestals; the essential
items had been carried off by someone long ago. As not just a
Burst Linker but also a hardcore gamer, there was no way he was
not going to be utterly and crushingly disappointed.
“Infinity, huh…It was prob’ly an amazing piece of equipment. I
wish I could have at least seen it,” he muttered in frustration, and
then jerked his head up in sudden realization.
Four Arcs in the four great dungeons scattered about the Unlimited Neutral Field. And two Arcs in the innermost room of the
inner sanctuary of the Castle in the center of the Accelerated
World. All together, six. But there were seven stars etched into
the pedestal. Hadn’t Utai said that was why they were called the
Arms of the Seven Stars? In other words, that meant…
“There’s one…missing…” His mouth opened of its own accord.
Ardor Maiden, next to him, nodded firmly. “I—I was also
thinking that myself. In this hall, meant to be the very center of
the Accelerated World, there are only two Arc pedestals. Then
Alkaid, the eta star of the Big Dipper, which would be ‘Hagun’ in
Chinese readings…Where on earth is it?”
Exchanging a glance, the silent pair heard—
“Allow me to answer that question.”
—the clear, bright voice, like the wind blowing across the autumn
sky, of a young boy.

4
Hearing this voice, Haruyuki was simply surprised and merely
turned his head in the direction of the source—farther toward the
north side of the two pedestals.
However, Utai Shinomiya’s reaction was different. She had no
sooner released the hand she had been holding than she was
pushing Haruyuki back with her palm. Stepping forward, she
dropped into a stance with one leg in front and the other behind,
raised her left hand slightly, and turned toward the gloom filling
the depths of the hall.
An orange veil of light added a thin layer to the entire body of
the slender shrine maiden avatar. Overlay—proof that she had activated the Incarnate System. But Utai had been one of the Four
Elements of the former Nega Nebulus; there was no way she
didn’t know the number one rule of the Incarnate System: that it
must not be used unless you yourself have been attacked with Incarnate.
Utai manifesting the ultimate power of a Burst Linker at the
stage when they couldn’t even see their opponent was perhaps to
signal her firm intention to protect Haruyuki, even if she had to
violate taboos. And the pressure being emitted by Ardor Maiden,
which threatened to scorch even the air, made overwhelmingly
clear the difference in actual power between her and Haruyuki.
If, hypothetically, it did turn into a fight on this level, he was
only going to be in the way. Even as he acknowledged this,
Haruyuki also raised his hands and focused his imagination, albeit belatedly. A silver overlay took up residence in fingers
stretched out into the shape of a sword, and he somehow man-

aged to make it cover the lower half or so of his arm.
As they braced themselves, completely prepared for battle, the
voice came at them again. “I apologize for my rudeness. But
please believe me. I haven’t the slightest intention of fighting
you.”
He felt like there wasn’t any malice in the voice—somehow
more refreshing now—just as it proclaimed. However, Utai didn’t
drop her guard even slightly.
“Then you should first show yourself,” she responded firmly,
and enhanced her overlay as if trying to push aside the darkness
beyond. Remembering that this light flickering in the red spectrum became, with the shrine maiden’s dance, a conflagration
raging through the field, Haruyuki held his breath.
“Understood. I’m coming toward you now,” the owner of the
voice replied, and they heard the high-pitched sound of footfalls.
From the depths of the hall, a stride that seemed to deliberately sound against the floorboards drew nearer. The flames of
the candles lined up along the walls on either side flickered in
unison, despite the lack of wind.
Tak, tak. The approaching steps couldn’t have been more than
fifteen meters away from them. Completely within range for a
long-distance or a nimble-type duel avatar. Yet the other person
stepped forward at a steady pace, the atmosphere around him
tense.
Finally, his figure appeared in the light of the candles.
Blue. A perfectly clear azure, the depths of a lake, the heavens
seen from above the clouds. Just like the boy Haruyuki had imagined from the voice, the duel avatar was fairly small, perhaps a
little taller than Ardor Maiden. But there was no hint of her delicacy.

Limbs covered in a thick armor reminiscent of kimono sleeves
and hakama pants, long, bound hair parts stretching out from
the back of his head to below his waist. The face mask peeking
out from beneath a front fringe was immature and imposing. The
overall impression was Japanese; if Ardor Maiden was a shrine
maiden, then he was a young samurai.
As if to own that particular description, a short-range Enhanced Armament hung from his left hip. It had an elliptical
guard and a slender hilt. While you would call it more katana
than sword, there was essentially no curvature to the blade itself.
The whole thing was silver like a mirror, and the way countless
lights flickered in the reflection of the blue of the avatar made it
seem like the infinite starry sky had been compressed into the
shape of a katana.
The young samurai stopped about ten meters from them and
placed his left hand on the katana’s scabbard. Utai’s readied
hands did twitch, but the next instant, he removed the Enhanced
Armament, complete with scabbard, with a light metallic clink.
Placing the katana at his feet on the floor, the unarmed samurai
spread out both hands in the air and indicated Haruyuki and
Utai.
“As you can see, I do not intend to fight.” A quiet voice.
If the boy who lived inside that duel avatar was equipped with
the personality of the swordsman he appeared to be, then laying
the katana—his soul—down on the ground was a definite display
of his nonhostile intentions.
At basically the same time Haruyuki had this thought, Utai
slowly lowered her hand. The overlay blanketing her body
abruptly melted away into the air.
“We shall trust that,” Utai responded, so readily that Haru almost cried out in surprise behind her. Haruyuki hurried to similarly release his readied hands. He had felt it when they were up

against Bush Utan as well, but this girl was apparently fairly
quick to decide whether or not she trusted someone.
The young samurai avatar softened clear eye lenses brimming
with blue light and let out a small sigh. A voice that was even
calmer flowed out from him. “Thank goodness. The truth is, I was
incredibly nervous about what I should do if you intended to
fight.”
“What?” This time, Haruyuki couldn’t keep a cry of surprise
from slipping out and continued with an impression that was the
slightest bit rude. “S-someone who could make it all the way to a
place like this…even now, acting like a newbie…”
The young samurai grinned before offering new surprises.
“No, I am a complete newbie. I mean, from the time I became a
Burst Linker until now, I’ve never once fought a normal duel.”
The navy samurai, having picked up his katana from the floor and
attached it to his waist once more, led Utai and Haruyuki to one
of the candle stands lining the wall to the left.
On both sides of the flickering candles, thick wooden bars protruded from the wall in the shape of benches. The samurai sat on
one, while Haruyuki and Utai sat on one across from him, and a
brief silence fell upon them.
Haruyuki muttered, “Excuse me,” and touched on his own HP
gauge to call up the main window. The continuous dive time was
more than seven hours. An hour and a half had already passed
since they infiltrated the inner sanctuary of the Castle, and if
Kuroyukihime and the others in the real world were in fact waiting thirty seconds before they cut Haruyuki’s and Utai’s global
connection, then they probably had about an hour left.
At the same time as he closed the window, the samurai-like
boy avatar seated before him shook his head slightly. “To be honest, I feel like I still can’t believe it. That the time would actually

come when I would meet someone in this palace…”
Haruyuki was just as surprised. But there were too many
things he wanted explained, and he didn’t know where exactly he
should start asking questions. Who are you, where did you enter
the Castle, how did you get to this hall, and what do you mean
you’ve never dueled even though you had the power to make it
this far…
While an infinity of words whirled around in his mind, Utai
next to him lowered her head in a bow. “My name is Ardor
Maiden. I belong to the Legion Nega Nebulus.”
R-right, first introductions! Haruyuki hurriedly bowed. “Also
a member of Nega Nebulus, Silver Crow.”
“Nega Nebulus…” The young samurai blinked exaggeratedly as
though it were the first time he was hearing the name, before
abruptly snapping to attention. He seemed to fumble for words
for a moment. Before Haruyuki had the chance to frown in puzzlement, the other avatar bowed awkwardly and offered his own
name. “Oh, excuse me. I should have introduced myself sooner.
I’m Trilead Tetroxide. Please call me Lead.”
“Trilead…” Rolling the name around in his mouth, Haruyuki
mentally cocked his head. According to the rules of duel avatar
naming, that should have been a word describing the armor
color, but was that actually a way of saying navy or indigo? He
glanced at Utai next to him.
She appeared to be considering the name as well, but she soon
nodded crisply. “Well then, we will call you Lead.” A beat later:
“Lead. You were the one who broke the Suzaku seal on the south
gate from the inside of the Castle, weren’t you?”
Haruyuki threw his head back in surprise after the extremely
heavy question slipped smoothly from the shrine maiden’s
mouth.

The young samurai Trilead was equally surprised. His deep
blue eye lenses flickered several times before he looked up,
abashed for some reason, and quietly asked, “Why would you
think that?”
“To destroy an object with such a high level of endurance as
that in a mere two blows, even more than the technique of the
person who did it, an appropriately high level Enhanced Armament would be necessary. Such as, for instance, the Seven Arc
that you have on your hip right now, Lead.”
“Whaaat?!” This time, a fairly loud yelp of surprise snuck out
of him, and as he hurriedly snapped his mouth shut, Haruyuki
stared intently at the mirror-silver straightsword shining on the
boy’s left hip. When he first saw it, he had figured it was no ordinary weapon, but he never dreamed it was one of the most powerful arms in the world. “Th-that’s an Arc? So then, the one that
was on that pedestal over there, you—?” Haruyuki blurted, looking at the straight sword and each of the empty pedestals a dozen
meters to the right in turn.
The young samurai turned his face to the ground, seemingly
even more embarrassed. “Y-yes,” he replied in a small voice.
“Please excuse me. Someone like me truly isn’t qualified to have
this sword, but…
“The first time I saw it, I couldn’t restrain myself. I reached a
hand out toward it…”
The boy, who was probably younger than Haruyuki, turned his
entire body into an expression of apology, and Haruyuki, turning
toward him, hurriedly waved his right hand back and forth as he
shook his head.
“Oh! No! You totally don’t need to apologize. It’s only natural
that the first person to find it would take it. Sorry. That came out
all weird.” Haruyuki bowed his head neatly as he finished, and
Lead timidly raised his face again to meet his eyes. The instant

Haruyuki saw something like a shy smile rise up on that crisp face
mask, a type of emotion that was extremely rare for him welled
up in his heart.
He’s a good guy, this one.
The only other people he had felt this kind of sincere affection
for upon first meeting were his childhood friends Takumu
Mayuzumi and Chiyuri Kurashima. And despite the fact that this
young samurai, Trilead, was, at the moment, an unknown Burst
Linker encountering an unusual situation, Haruyuki got the feeling that if their selves in the real world were exposed, they’d definitely be good friends.
Abruptly feeling eyes on him, Haruyuki turned his gaze and
met that of Ardor Maiden, also smiling faintly, and was suddenly
embarrassed. He quickly gave voice to a very unassuming question. “Oh, um, Trilead…Which pedestal was that sword on? I
think the one on the left was the fifth star of the Big Dipper, and
the one on the right was the sixth.”
“Please, Lead is fine, Silver Crow.”
Lead grinned before replying, and Haruyuki hurried to add,
“Th-then just call me Crow.”
But Lead bowed his head, noting that he was too much
younger than Haruyuki to use a nickname. And before the silver
avatar could protest, he began to explain. “This sword rested on
the pedestal to the left, the epsilon star, gyokusho. It bears the inscription THE INFINITY.” Haruyuki and Utai shifted their eyes toward the center of the great hall, and Trilead continued, looking
in the same direction. “Further, when I found this sword, the
neighboring zeta kaiyou pedestal was already empty.”

“Huh.” Haruyuki nodded.
Utai spoke up. “I heard that the Arc Destiny appeared in the
Accelerated World in the very beginning, before a full year had
passed since Brain Burst was distributed to the first-generation
Burst Linkers.”
“Huh? That long ago? So then I guess that means…the Burst
Linker who got Destiny was the first person to enter the Castle?
And Lead’s the second?” Unaware that he had unself-consciously
used the younger Linker’s nickname, Haruyuki bent the fingers of
his right hand. “Mei and me, we’re third and fourth? I dunno. For
how impenetrable it’s supposed to be, that’s a lot of people getting in.”
The three exchanged glances and grinned at the same time.
But Lead’s face quickly became serious once more, and he
shrank into himself apologetically. “It’s an honor to be counted
among their number. But I’m sorry, I didn’t come in through the
four gates like everyone else.”
“What? That’s…So then, that means you came over the moat
or the cliff or…?” Haruyuki cocked his head to one side, but before he could ask what Lead actually meant, Utai opened her
mouth.
“If that is so, then C and I were able to come inside precisely
because you cut the seal for us, Trilead. That seal was likely set so
that in the event that four squads assaulted the Four Gods simultaneously, as the former Nega Nebulus did, as long as the group
could break through one of the gates, they could let the other
squads in from inside the Castle. That is to say, if the seal had
been intact, the door would not have opened, and we would definitely have been roasted alive by Suzaku.”
“Oh, I get it. So that’s it, huh?” He nodded deeply as his body

shuddered at the memory of the molten flames pressing in on his
back. He forgot his previous question and lobbed a new one at the
young samurai. “So then, you broke the seal because you were
going to escape from the Castle through it?”
“No, that is not…the case.” He denied Haruyuki’s suggestion in
a voice tinged with a faint loneliness and answered with a shy
smile. “In fact, just the opposite. I thought that perhaps if I broke
the seal, then someday, someone might come in through it for
me…”
“Come in? For you?” Lead was supposedly an intruder, and yet
it was almost as though he had completely given up on escape; it
was a slightly curious turn of phrase. Haruyuki blinked furiously
beneath his silver mask and pressed the question. “But, Lead,
you’re here in the inner sanctuary of the Castle, so you have to be
stuck in a pseudo–Unlimited EK like we are. I mean, you’re
locked up in here, right? Ah, no, wait…”
Without noticing the expression flitting across Trilead’s face—
as if he were trying to conceal something—Haruyuki dropped his
gaze to the silver straight sword glittering on the young samurai’s
hip. “Infinity. When you got that Arc, wasn’t there a portal that
activates just one time? When you took the sword, you should’ve
been able to get out normally.”
It was a simple question, with nothing especially behind it. But
Lead lowered his face as if abashed once more. As Haruyuki
stared dumbfounded, Utai placed a small hand gently on his left
knee.
“Even if there is a portal, that doesn’t necessarily always translate into a smooth escape, C.”
Instantly, he realized that his own question might have
sounded like he was reproaching Lead for his actions, and he reflexively bowed his head deeply. “Oh! S-sorry, Lead, I wasn’t trying to blame you or anything. I mean, the same kind of thing’s

happened to me tons. The reason we’re even here now is that we
couldn’t follow the strategy, so…”
The young samurai finally lifted his face. “Excuse me, Crow,
Maiden.” He placed his hands on his hakama -like legs and
bowed again. “I will tell you that story when the time comes—how
I came to be in this place.”
There was a nobility to Lead’s voice and expression, in his entire being, that almost took Haruyuki’s breath away. On behalf of
the speechless Haruyuki and not to be outdone when it came to
proper manners, Utai bowed lightly in return.
“I understand, Lead. Then we will tell our story. Of why we
stepped into the territory of Suzaku, one of the Four Gods, and
how we came to break through the south gate into the Castle.”
For the following five minutes, Haruyuki and Utai went over it
briefly. The challenge and destruction of the Legion Nega Nebulus two and a half years earlier. Ardor Maiden sealed away immediately before the south gate in order to secure the escape of the
others. The plan for rescue by the current Legion members to
bring that avatar out alive, and the result.
Taking it all in with wide eyes, Trilead let out a long sigh when
the pair closed their mouths. “Such things happened,” he murmured finally. “That there would be such people who attempted
to challenge those Four Gods and crush them…”
Haruyuki got the sense that he heard a faint note of longing
somewhere deep in that voice and opened both eyes wide. Something in a place deep within his own self resonated with it, and
that vibration turned to sound and attempted to crawl up his
throat.
You are one, too.
On the verge of saying this, nonetheless, he closed his mouth.

Because he couldn’t find the words that should come after that.
Perhaps noticing the movement, or perhaps not, Lead allowed
a faint smile to cross his face before speaking in his calm voice
again. “Given that that is the situation, I would be delighted if you
would allow me to aid you in your escape from the palace.”
“Huh?…Th-thanks.” Haruyuki dipped his head before leaning
forward to ask with some urgency, “Do you know a way to get out
normally?! Is there a portal somewhere we can still use or something?!”
“I personally use an automatic disconnection via a timer to
leave, but I have confirmed the existence of just one portal. However…” Although Lead nodded, he interrupted himself as though
dropping into thought for a moment. He soon raised his face
again and opened his mouth, looking at Haruyuki and Utai in
turn. “It would perhaps be best if you were to see it yourselves. At
the same time, I will be able to accomplish the matter I first
promised.”
“Umm, wh-what was that again?” Haruyuki twisted his head
to the side.
“The agreement to reply with the location of the seventh star,
the last of the Arcs of which you spoke,” the boy clad in azure
replied smoothly.
Standing up from the crosspiece-turned-bench, Trilead led
Haruyuki and Utai into the darkness where he had first appeared
on the north side of the hall.
The wall at the end, where the light from the candles basically
did not reach, was made up of vermilion pillars and white wall as
the walls to the sides were, but there was something in the center
of it that he hadn’t noticed before.
An entrance, a gate. Pillars put together in the shape of a small

torii shrine gate, the opening between them heavily spilling out
black, cool air.
Unconsciously pulling into himself, Haruyuki murmured, “So
this hall…isn’t the deepest part of the Castle…”
“No. This is the last of the court’s gates. Once we slip through
it, we will find the Shrine of the Eight Divines. Shall we go?”
Trilead said, and stepped with his hakama -clad leg into the
dense darkness. Without appearing to hesitate in the slightest,
Utai followed him, and Haruyuki steeled himself to join them.
Once they had gone through the torii, he saw there was just a
tiny bit of light in what he had thought was the completely dark
interior. The hallway soon turned into stairs leading underground, where the faint light seemed to originate. With an assured step, Lead started to descend, and the other two Burst
Linkers followed him.
As they advanced, Haruyuki felt a pressure pushing on his
avatar of a type he had never encountered before. It wasn’t the
sense of power the God Suzaku or the armored warrior Enemies
emitted, but rather a sensation that the air itself was tinged with
some kind of spiritual energy.
But the word spiritual didn’t really fit with the Accelerated
World. This was a VR world generated by the Brain Burst program, and all the information received by the five senses was digital data that could be replaced with code. Niko had used the
phrase information pressure for the pressure received from other
Burst Linkers. Taking that analogy, did that mean that even the
air in this place was included in some kind of data set? Not surface information like temperature and smell and wind direction,
but a series of existences equal to infinity that expressed time, or
rather history…
When they had gone down thirty or more of the ebony stairs,
the steps wrapped around 180 degrees and continued on. Right

around the time he was starting to lose track of exactly how far
they had crept underground, the stairs ahead of them finally
ended, leading into a fairly large room with a wooden floor. But it
was a mere fraction of the size of the great hall on the top floor
where the two pedestals sat.
“Huh? Is that the last room of the Castle? It’s surprisingly
small. And I mean, it looks like there’s nothing in it,” Haruyuki
unconsciously let slip.
Ahead of him on the stairs, Trilead looked over his shoulder, a
faint smile on his face. “No, you’ll be able to see when we get to
the bottom.”
Haruyuki wondered what exactly he was going to see and
quickened his pace. A few steps behind Lead he entered the
room, only to find a second and much, much larger torii gate
jumping up into his field of view.
The vermilion gate soared to such a height at the front of the
room that almost touched the walls on both sides and the ceiling
above. However, an object that hadn’t been on the gate upstairs
connected the two pillars: an impressively thick snow-white rope.
A shimenawa, used to bind sacred spaces. An address border dividing the world of the living from the holy.
Swallowing hard, Haruyuki took a few steps toward the gate
and its display of absolute separation and tried to look into the
gloom beyond.
“…It’s huge…,” he murmured like a gasp.
Two rows of small watch fires flickered from the sides of the
torii toward the interior, but he couldn’t see the third wall at all.
The latticed ceiling was also just barely visible. The floor was polished stonework, but the area of the room far surpassed that of
the gym at Umesato; he had absolutely no idea exactly how many
meters it was in any direction.

Big, chilly, and silent, and yet definitely not futile—he knew
this sensation. He thought about it for a minute, and it hit him:
that enormously pregnant tranquility that had filled the space before Suzaku appeared on the large bridge stretching out from the
south gate of the Castle.
Unable to say anything more, Haruyuki simply stood there,
and Trilead stepped soundlessly forward from between himself
and the similarly silent Utai. He raised his right arm and indicated the line of watch fires in the distance.
“Over there.”
Straining his eyes as told, Haruyuki could see a light up ahead
that was a different wavelength from the flickering flames. He
held his breath and focused more intently on looking at it. The
darkness receded slightly to reveal what it had hidden.
A pedestal cut out of black stone.
It was the same as the two in the hall above, metal plate embedded on the front. But it was just too far away; he couldn’t
make out the characters on it. And then on the pedestal itself, a
warm, golden yellow light pulsed slowly, as if it held the blue light
of a portal. As if it were whispering. As if it were calling out.
Unconsciously, Haruyuki went to take a step forward toward
the shimenawa, and Lead gently held him back with his right
hand on Haruyuki’s shoulder. “You mustn’t. It’s too dangerous up
ahead.”
“B-but…” Haruyuki was unable to make much in the way of a
response, so filled was he with an emotion resembling impatience
or perhaps even…craving.
“Trilead, that is the last Arc, the eta star of the Big Dipper,
yes?” Utai asked softly.

“Yes, that’s exactly right.” Lead nodded, hand still on
Haruyuki’s left shoulder, and continued in a sweetly ringing
voice. “To even draw near enough to be able to read the inscription carved on that pedestal required an amount of time that was
essentially infinite. The name of that light is—”
“—Youkou. The Fluctuating Light.”
“Fluctuating…light…” Without being aware of it, Haruyuki repeated the name.
It was a phrase he had absolutely no memory of hearing. To
begin with, Haruyuki hadn’t even known about the existence of
the Arcs until he took part in the Meeting of the Seven Kings the
day before yesterday. But despite this, the word that most closely
described the emotion that brimmed up from his heart and filled
his chest was a kind of fond remembrance.
“I—I—” Still without his awareness, Haruyuki’s mouth began
to move. “I’ve seen that light before…”
Both of the small avatars to his left gasped sharply.
Their questioning eyes on him, Haruyuki fumbled intently for
the right words. “It’s—Right, that’s—Of course, in the Unlimited
Neutral Field—It was when I was first training in the Incarnate
System. Master Raker pushed me off the top of the old Tokyo
Tower and told me that I had to climb back up with my own
hands…”
The moment she heard this, Utai let out a small sigh. Given
that Sky Raker had similarly made her do all kinds of things, she
had to be thinking that this was only too plausible, but he had no
mental leeway then for conjecturing about her emotional state.
“At first,” he continued in a hoarse voice, “I couldn’t even
make a scratch in the wall. But I kept shooting my hand at it day

after day after day, and I gradually managed to get so my fingertips would dig into it. And then I got so that my fingers would
pierce it all the way to the knuckles. After a week, I started to
climb the tower. I totally lost myself in it. I just climbed the wall
for hours, stabbing my right hand in, then my left, back and
forth…Sometimes…that light…But I feel like it wasn’t an object…
that golden light…”
Here, Haruyuki finally turned his gaze on Lead and Utai. He
announced his final words to the pair—listening with wide eyes—
in a trembling voice.
“It was a person. It was calling me.”
For a while, silence filled the space.
Breaking this was not anyone speaking, but rather the crimson
characters that filled Haruyuki’s view. DISCONNECTION WARNING.
Kuroyukihime and the others had burst out thirty real-world seconds earlier, and they were now about to pull out Haruyuki’s direct cable.
The direct connectors on Neurolinkers were water-resistant,
noncontact-type ports. Thus, even if the cable was pulled out, the
signal would continue, albeit for a very brief time. Naturally, this
was a matter of units in the point-zero-second range, but even so,
in the Accelerated World, this allowed an extension of dozens of
seconds from the time the warning appeared.
“Ah! Um!” Abruptly dragged back from the reaches of his
memory, all he could do was flap his mouth open and shut.
It was Utai who explained in a calm voice, “Trilead, our comrades have activated the disconnection safety in the real world. I
do apologize, but we will soon burst out temporarily.”
“Y-yes, I understand.” The young samurai nodded.

“It is a forced disconnect from outside,” the shrine maiden further added, albeit at a slightly quickened pace. “So the next time
we dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field, we will appear once
more at these coordinates. Therefore, although I do realize this is
rather impudent of me to ask, if possible, I’d like to meet you here
once more. When would be the next time you would be able to
dive in real-world time?”
“Yes, let me think…” Considering it for a mere instant, Lead
soon responded, “Well then, two days from now. How is precisely
seven PM, Thursday, June twentieth?”
“Understood. We truly appreciate your assistance. Thank you
so much.”
Following Utai’s lead as she bowed her head, Haruyuki bowed
himself before finally managing to get some words out.
“Uh, um, Lead, I want to thank you, too. You taught us a
bunch of stuff. But there’s still a ton I want to talk to you about, a
ton of things I want to ask you. So I’m excited about seeing you
again.” The disconnection warning in his field of view began to
blink at top speed. In the real world, the XSB cable was likely almost completely pulled out of his Neurolinker.
At Haruyuki’s rushed yet earnest words, the azure samurai
avatar blinked once before a smile colored with a complex set of
emotions rose up faintly on his face. “I also very much enjoyed
speaking with you both. I promise, the day after tomorrow, I will
definitely be here. I would also like to talk with you both much,
much more.”
And then the boy with the strange avatar name Trilead Tetroxide took a step back and looked at Utai and Haruyuki in turn. The
crisp figure standing there, reminiscent of an autumn wind, was
finally blanketed by the oncoming darkness and disappeared.

5
The very first thing Haruyuki was aware of upon his return to the
real world was not the weight of his physical body sinking into
the sofa nor the cool of the air-conditioning, but rather supple
fingertips touching his cheek.
His eyes flew open. And stared into the beautiful starry sky he
had looked up at in the Castle garden only moments earlier. Except, wait—that wasn’t it. Jet-black eyes filled with particles of
light like stardust?
When those eyes blinked once, slowly, the tiniest droplet of
water bounced off long eyelashes and disappeared into the air. At
the same time came the whisper of a voice. “So you’re back,
Haruyuki.”
After staring for a bit at the clear, crisp beauty of Kuroyukihime—swordmaster, leader of the Legion Nega Nebulus, Black
King, Black Lotus—who he respected and adored more than any
other, Haruyuki replied hoarsely, “Yes, Kuroyukihime. I just got
back now.”
The place where Haruyuki awakened was number 2305 on the
twenty-third floor of the mixed-use skyscraper condo in northern
Koenji, Suginami Ward, in the real world—in other words, the living room of the Arita home. He sat in the center of the sofa set
near the southern windows, and directly before him, Kuroyukihime was leaning forward, left hand pushing up against the backrest of the sofa, the fingertips of her right hand gently resting on
his cheek. In her palm, she held the plug for the XSB cable, the
silver cord that stretched out to the connector panel on the wall.

The panel was for wired connections to the Arita family home
server. For this dive, Haruyuki and his friends had connected
globally via a wired connection to his home server, rather than
wirelessly. Haruyuki and Utai had returned to the real world
without using a portal because Kuroyukihime had pulled this
cable out of Haruyuki’s Neurolinker.
“That was a long thirty seconds, you know,” Kuroyukihime
murmured, fingers still touching his cheek. “While we sat here
like this, you and Utai were perhaps being chased by Enemies inside the Castle. Or maybe regenerating and dying over and over
and over. I could hardly stand it.”
The instant he became aware that this voice contained the
slightest hint of a tremor, something burst open in Haruyuki’s
heart. He sat up straight, took a deep breath, and opened his
mouth. “Kuroyukihime…That time—When Suzaku shifted its target to me, I’m sorry for disobeying the order to retreat. But—But I
had to…” Even though he had so firmly decided that he would
apologize properly when he got back to the real world, when it
came right down to it, his faculty with words lagged far behind
the intent in his heart.
He bit his lip, opened his mouth, and then bit down again.
Over and over.
Kuroyukihime took her left hand off the sofa and dropped the
cable in her right hand to wrap now-empty hands gently around
his shoulders. A smile like the bud of a water lily bled onto her
pale, glossy lips. “It’s fine, Haruyuki. It’s precisely because you do
such things that I believe I can entrust myself and the future of
the Legion to you. You shook off even Suzaku’s flames and simply
flew forward. There’s no way I could fault that kind of bravery.”
“…Kuro…yukihime…” Choking back all the things welling up
inside him, Haruyuki simply stared wholeheartedly into her eyes.
He clenched both hands tightly and tried to turn the emotions
overflowing within him into words. “Kuroyukihime. Th-the rea-

son I could fly was because you told me to fly—han-huh-hee-hooha!”

Ruining the tail end of his so carefully crafted speech were two
hands stretching out from either side of him to pinch his cheeks
and yank hard.
“Okay, look! Exactly how long—” Chiyuri yelled, pinching his
left cheek.
Fuko, yanking on his right, picked up where she left off. “—are
you two going to keep this up?!”
Three minutes later.
Once they had switched locations from the sofa to the dining
room, with Haruyuki and Utai settled into the chairs on the south
side, Takumu and Chiyuri across from them, Kuroyukihime to the
left and Fuko to the right, they all checked the current time.
7:35 PM.
Not even ten full minutes in real-world time had passed since
the start of Operation Rescue Ardor Maiden. However, in
Haruyuki’s actual perception, it seemed like yesterday already
when they had called out the “unlimited burst” command to dive
into the Unlimited Neutral Field. And actually, given that he had
napped for six hours inside the Castle, it was only natural he’d
feel that way. Not to mention that during that nap, he’d had a
very long dream, vicariously lived through memories that
spanned no mere six hours but several days—and really, several
years of experience.
“First of all, nice work, everyone.” Kuroyukihime’s voice interrupted Haruyuki’s thoughts. He hurriedly added his voice to the
chorus of “nice work!”
After taking a sip of the café au lait Chiyuri had made for her,
Kuroyukihime looked around at them and continued. “The second phase of the plan to purify the Armor of Catastrophe, Opera-

tion Rescue Ardor Maiden, was unfortunately not a total success
on all fronts. All the fault for that lays squarely with me and the
fact that I could not keep the god Suzaku focused on me and me
alone. I’m sorry.”
At their Legion Master’s contrite words and deeply bowed
head, her five subordinates cried out together, “That’s not true!”
“Sacchi.” The Legion’s second in command, Fuko Kurasaki—
Sky Raker—quickly spoke out for all of them. “Suzaku changed its
target despite the fact that Corvus had not attacked in any way.
No one could have predicted that behavior. Most likely, it’s set to
add more Hate for people intruding deep into its territory than
people causing it the most damage.”
Kuroyukihime raised her head briefly, then lowered her eyes
as though she were deep in thought again.
Haruyuki timidly raised his right hand and broke the short silence. “Um, Master? About the Hate-adding just now…”
Hate was, put simply, a word to explain numerically the logic
by which Enemies selected their attack targets. Naturally, Hate
increased for Burst Linkers directly attacking them, but also for
Burst Linkers who were only supporting other Burst Linkers with
their abilities, such as with indirect interference attacks. The
Enemy attacked whichever opponent had the maximum Hate
value at that moment. Or so it was generally assumed. Suzaku
may have been a top-level inhuman Enemy, one of the Four
Gods, but it still should have selected its targets based on the
Hate principle. The fact that it had turned from Kuroyukihime to
Haruyuki on the big bridge meant that Suzaku was set so that
people approaching the Castle’s south gate earned more Hate
than people attacking it directly—that was the general gist of
Fuko’s remark.
“What is it, Corvus?” Fuko cocked her head to one side, setting
her long, airy hair swinging.

“So, Suzaku.” Haruyuki pushed his question out with some
difficulty. “No, the Four Gods, including Suzaku, don’t actually
have AI more advanced than any of the other Enemies, right?
Wait, maybe not AI, I dunno…Umm…” Vexed at being unable to
clearly put what he wanted to say into words, he flapped his
mouth open and shut.
Utai Shinomiya, seated to his right, was the only one among
them holding a mug of hot milk, and she set this down on the
table before making her hands dance through the air. Cherrypink font scrolled by shockingly fast in the semitransparent window displayed in the lower half of Haruyuki’s field of view.
UI> ARITA IS LIKELY TRYING TO SAY THAT PERHAPS THE FOUR GODS
HAVE A TRUE INTENT OF THEIR OWN THAT GOES BEYOND THE REALM OF AI.
“R-right! That’s exactly it!” Bobbing his head up and down,
Haruyuki was suddenly and belatedly self-conscious about the
absurdity of this idea, and he flinched in preparation for the
beams of eye-rolling power sure to snap into laser focus on him at
any second.
Unexpectedly, however, not a single one of his comrades gathered around the table laughed or sighed or did anything else to
indicate exasperation. Even Takumu, who hadn’t actually seen
Suzaku directly, narrowed his eyes behind frameless glasses, as if
he was thinking hard.
In the silence came once again the light sound of Utai’s fingers
tapping on her keyboard. UI> AT THE VERY LEAST, IT’S CERTAIN THAT
THERE HAS BEEN A CHANGE IN SUZAKU’S BEHAVIOR ALGORITHM SINCE THE
FOUR GODS OPERATION THAT LED TO THE DOWNFALL OF THE FIRST NEGA
NEBULUS. THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT TWO AND A HALF YEARS AGO, SUZAKU
GAVE PRIORITY TO TARGETING THE PERSON DOING THE GREATEST DAMAGE
TO IT. HOW WAS IT WITH BYAKKO AT THE WEST GATE WHERE YOU FOUGHT,
SACCHI, FU?

“Just as you say, Uiui,” Fuko murmured, nodding. “I recall

that in the previous battle, Byakko also seemed to set its sights on
the main attack squad alone, regardless of the position of the attack subject.”
“Mmm. I’m certain of it. That’s exactly why I was able to act as
bait to allow the other members to retreat in the end,” Kuroyukihime affirmed from the opposite end of the table, narrowing her
eyes sharply before continuing. “But this time, there was indeed a
part of Suzaku’s behavior that I can’t believe was the Enemy simply obeying increases and decreases in Hate. That said, there was
no sign of remote operation by a third party or a simple algorithm
anomaly.”
Takumu, seated directly across from Haruyuki, brought his
right hand to his chin and opened his mouth. “But, Master, it’s almost as if Suzaku saw that our objective this time was not to defeat it, but rather to rescue Shinomiya. In which case, that’s no
longer within the realm of AI. It’s as Haru said: It has powers of
insight, perhaps intelligence.”
Again, silence fell for several seconds. Finally, Kuroyukihime
smiled softly. “We’re not going to be able to get an answer to that
now. But I will add just one more piece of information. When
Suzaku was responding to my Incarnate Attack and advancing,
immediately before targeting Haruyuki, I think I saw that bird
open its beak as though it was sneering at me.”
Yes.
Haruyuki was sure he’d heard it. Suzaku, on the verge of releasing its flame breath, in a voice that was not a voice. Small one,
become ash.
“But, like!” The very first of their downturned faces to pop up
was Chiyuri, speaking forcefully. “Whether that bird’s got a will or
intelligence, or if maybe it’s actually a real god, it only half got us,
right? The operation wasn’t a total success, but it wasn’t a total
failure, either, Kuroyukihime. I mean, like, Haru and Ui are alive,

aren’t they? They’re alive, and on top of that, they flew right
through those gates. Right, Haru?” she shouted, catlike eyes glittering as she leaned across the table, hands clenched. “I seriously
can’t take it anymore! What’s it like in the Castle?! Did anything
happen?! Hurry up and tell us everything, start to finish!”
Haruyuki darted his eyes about, flustered and bewildered at
the abrupt interrogation.
To his left, Kuroyukihime raised her voice in laughter. “Ha-haha! Hard-hitting as ever, Chiyuri. I’m sure that many Burst Linkers would pay ten, no, a hundred points if they could hear that
story. I was even restraining myself here.”
“Hee-hee, it’s true. Just thinking that Burst Linkers who have
set foot in that impenetrable Castle and succeeded in returning
with information about the inside are sitting before my eyes has
had my heart pounding this whole time.” Fuko made a show of
pressing a hand to her chest.
The right side of Haruyuki’s face turned upward in a somewhat complicated smile, and he exchanged looks with Utai. The
fourth grader and one corner of the Four Elements of the former
Nega Nebulus tilted her head to the side as if to say, I’ll leave this
to you.
And when he thought about it, if she tried to explain everything that happened in the Castle via chat, she’d have to type out
so many characters her hands would cramp up. I’ll just have to do
what I can here! Stepping up to the plate, Haruyuki looked at his
clock once more before giving a bit of an introduction.
“Umm, I think it’ll take a relatively long time if I tell you everything from start to finish. Is everyone okay for curfew?”
The time was just shy of eight o’clock on a Tuesday night, but
there wasn’t a single person who shook their head, including elementary student Utai.

The main cobblestone road stretching out straight to the north
from the south gate of the Castle and the groups of terrifying Enemies patrolling it. The massive inner sanctuary with its successive
layers of connected fusuma doors adorned with brilliant paintings. The great hall at the center and the two pedestals placed
there. The names DESTINY and INFINITY carved in plates with the
Big Dipper.
When Haruyuki got to this point in the story, Kuroyukihime
and Fuko seemed to suddenly exchange a look with each other.
However, neither of them tried to interject, and since the real
center of the story was from this point, Haruyuki didn’t dwell on
it and continued speaking.
The young azure samurai avatar that suddenly called out to
them in the hall. The enormous underground space at the bottom
of the stairs he guided them to. And the golden light flickering off
in the distance. The seventh Arc, the Fluctuating Light.
By the time he had finally managed to finish telling the story—
with occasional comments from Utai—up to the point where they
left the Unlimited Neutral Field because their companions cut the
connection, a full thirty minutes had passed.
While Haruyuki expelled a long breath and drank the rest of
his second café au lait, no one made a move to speak. A few seconds after he placed his mug on the table, Kuroyukihime finally
said, almost muttering, “The owner of the fifth Arc, Infinity.
Trilead Tetroxide…Fuko, have you ever heard that name before?”
Fuko, the most senior Burst Linker there alongside Kuroyukihime, quickly shook her head. “No. This is the first I’m hearing of
the Enhanced Armament and the Burst Linker. I don’t even know
these English words trilead and tetroxide. Although it has the
sound of a molecular formula…”
If the sole high schooler among them didn’t know the words,

then the other five—still in junior high and elementary—could
hardly be expected to.
“Shall we look them up?” Takumu said, pushing up the bridge
of his glasses and running a finger along his virtual desktop. Naturally, his search skills were impressive, and in less than ten seconds, he had found the terms. He lifted his head and nodded
once. “Raker is correct. It is a molecular formula. Three lead, four
oxygen.”
Even with this information, it was hard to suddenly picture
what exactly it was. Haruyuki furrowed his brow. “Taku, so, lead,
that’s a metal…right?” he asked in a small voice.
“That’s right.” A ridiculously kind smile spread across his good
friend’s face.
Haruyuki cleared his throat to hide his embarrassment at having apparently asked a dumb question and put a serious look on
his face. “But he—Trilead didn’t look like a metal color at all. He
was this clear, pretty indigo, or maybe navy. Even his weapon—all
of him was a solid blue type.” Haruyuki cocked his head to one
side, remembering the crisp presence of the young samurai.
Kuroyukihime, to his left, folded her hands together on the
table. “At any rate, at present, our urgent business is not to solve
the mysteries of the Castle but to get Utai and Haruyuki out. If we
can’t purify the element of the Armor of Catastrophe parasitizing
Silver Crow before next Sunday, Haruyuki will become the second-biggest bounty in the Accelerated World.” Here, she glanced
at him, and a momentary smile slipped across her lips. “Although, naturally, if that were to happen, I wouldn’t allow you to
be hunted so easily as that.”
“…Kuroyukihime…”
“Okay, cut! Cut!” Chiyuri slapped the table with both hands as
they were about to slip back into stare-at-each-other mode. “That

reminds me, Kuroyukihime, there’s something I’ve been wondering about ever since I heard about this bounty thing.”
“Wh-what is it, Chiyuri?” Kuroyukihime cleared her throat.
“How are the Seven Kings going to check whether or not the
Armor of Catastrophe parasitizing Haru has actually been purified in the first place?” Chiyuri asked, spreading out both hands.
“You can’t see another person’s item list, and doesn’t the armor
not show up in the item list anyway?”
“Oh! N-now that you mention it.” The words slipped out of
Haruyuki. Even though this was about his own self, he had never
once even entertained this most basic of questions. He couldn’t
actually be more careless.
Seeing him like this, Kuroyukihime grinned wryly, but soon
regained her serious expression. “Most likely, a Burst Linker with
the ability to see other people’s statuses will show up at the assembly on Sunday. The kings probably intend to have this person
examine Silver Crow’s purification.”
“I suppose so.” Fuko nodded slowly on the other side of the
table. Her normally gentle, smiling eyes were cut by a hard, sharp
light. “The quad-eyes analyst. I expect we’ll be seeing her appear
for the first time in a long time.”
The instant he heard this name—a nickname rather than the
Burst Linker’s particular name—something inside him clicked. It
was definitely new to him. He knew he had never heard it before;
he hadn’t even known there was an ability to see a person’s status
in the first place. And yet something deep in his memory itched
and throbbed. This sensation spilled out to his central nervous
system, ran up his spine, and arrived at a single point on his back.
Thmm. Thmm. In sync with the sharp pain, distantly—someone’s voice.

…Destroy…
Destroy them, devour them…Release…this rage of ours…
At some point, he had clenched his right hand so tightly his
nails were digging into his palm. But then something soft touched
it abruptly. He looked and found Utai gently pressing his fist
under the table. In the large eyes she sent glancing at him, there
was a hazy note of apprehension. He hurriedly spread his hands
out and nodded his head to say he was okay. Fortunately, the others were talking about the purification verification and didn’t
seem to have noticed anything unusual about him.
“In the worst case, perhaps we can have Ardor Maiden purify
Silver Crow inside the Castle and make it in time for the meeting
on Sunday?” Takumu suggested.
Utai pulled her hand back and tapped at her keyboard with
both of them. UI> I WOULDN’T SAY IT’S DEFINITELY IMPOSSIBLE, BUT IF
POSSIBLE, I’D PREFER NOT TO USE A LARGE-SCALE INCARNATE TECHNIQUE
WITHIN THE CASTLE. THERE IS A RISK OF THE WAVES OF A STRONG OVERLAY CALLING HIGH-LEVEL ENEMIES.
“Mmm. And the higher the level of the Enemy, such as Beasts
or Legends, the less impact Incarnate attacks have, while at the
same time, the more aggressive they become to Incarnate users.
Most likely, the abnormal local load due to the Incarnate System
causes their Hate to increase irregularly. We should also assume
that this reaction is only stronger when it comes to the Enemies
guarding the Castle,” Kuroyukihime remarked, and snapped to
attention in her chair, looking around once before continuing.
“Well then, Silver Crow, Ardor Maiden, we’ll have to have you
leave the Castle before Sunday. To that end, although he is an unknown, I believe the best route is to petition this Burst Linker
Trilead Tetroxide for his aid. Utai, Haruyuki, when you meet him
again on Thursday, in the name of the Black King and Nega Nebulus, tell him that you will pay him an appropriate price for his
assistance.”

By this time, it was ten to nine in the evening, so Kuroyukihime
finished by adding, “Today’s mission is over for the time being.”
Fuko had come by car after going home briefly, so it was decided she would take Utai and Kuroyukihime, and the three of
them got into the elevator first for the parking lot. Then Chiyuri
and the plate that had been so full of sandwiches returned to her
home two floors down, leaving Haruyuki and Takumu in the hallway on the twenty-third floor.
“Okay, Haru. See you at school tomorrow.” Takumu started
walking toward the passageway that connected the separate wing
of the condo.
“Taku, you still got some time?” Haruyuki stopped him in a
small voice. His old friend turned around, head cocked to one
side, and Haruyuki asked, falteringly, “So, like, how many times
have you dueled since the beginning of this week?”
“Huh? Two, three times on my way home from school every
day. No more than ten times, I think,” he replied, before blinking
as if guessing at something. He lowered his voice and continued.
“Ohh. If that bit about me and Chii giving you points if you do
end up with a bounty like we said yesterday is still bugging you,
don’t worry about it. My win rate’s the same as ever, but Chii’s
getting some serious skill lately. If we’re not careful, she’s gonna
jump right past us to the next level.” A self-deprecating grin slid
onto Takumu’s face as he spoke.
“Th-that’s not it.” Haruyuki hurriedly shook his head from
side to side. “That’s not what I’m talking about. Umm, during
those ten duels, did you notice anything weird?”
At this vague question, Takumu got a doubtful look on his face
before smiling a little wryly. “That question’s already weird. I
mean, ‘something’? I don’t know what I should be remembering.”
“O-oh, yeah, I guess so.” Haruyuki scratched his head, and an

embarrassed smile popped onto his face. What he was trying to
ask was if any of Takumu’s opponents had used a technique with
a power that went beyond the framework of a normal duel; more
specifically, if there had been any close- or long-range Incarnate
attacks clad in a black aura.
After school the previous day, a Monday, Haruyuki and Utai
Shinomiya had fought a tag-team duel together in Suginami Area
No. 2, their opponents Bush Utan and Olive Grab from the Green
Legion. Haruyuki had been left to take Utan and had gained an
advantage in the fight after using the “way of the flexible”—a
guard reversal technique Kuroyukihime had shown him.
However, in the middle of the battle, the moment Utan summoned a bizarre Enhanced Armament, the nature of the fight was
flipped upside down. With two types of Incarnate attack—Dark
Blow, an attack with a fist covered in a dark aura, and Dark Shot,
which shot a beam of darkness from his palm—Utan had
Haruyuki up against the wall, completely at wits’ end. It wasn’t
hard to imagine that that would have been the end for him if it
hadn’t been a tag-team match with Utai.
Utan called the black eye-shaped Enhanced Armament affixed
to his chest an ISS kit—in other words, an Incarnate System study
kit—and said that someone had given it to him. And if Utan was
able to instantly use the Incarnate System, which should have required long hours of training, by simply wearing it, then this was
a situation that threatened to shake the very foundations of the
Accelerated World.
With this in mind, Haruyuki had asked Ash Roller, Utan’s motorcycle-riding big brother figure, for a closed duel on his way to
school that morning and explained the situation. Ash Roller had
then noted in an unprecedentedly serious tone that if this ISS kit
could be copied infinitely, then it was probably already too late. It
might have been handed out any number of times and proliferated beyond a number it was possible to deal with.

Which was why, in a certain sense, the ISS kit could be said to
be a much more serious issue than the element of the Armor of
Catastrophe that was parasitizing Haruyuki. He should have
tabled the appearance of the ISS kit for discussion at the meeting
that day before the start of Operation Rescue Ardor Maiden. Or
he could have raised his hand and said something when Kuroyukihime announced the end of that meeting only a few minutes earlier.
However, Haruyuki had done neither. First of all, he thought
everyone should concentrate on the rescue mission. But he felt
that wasn’t the only reason. He could see that somewhere inside,
he didn’t want to tell his friends about the ISS kit. He couldn’t say
what he should. Maybe his guilty conscience had prompted him
to call out to Takumu.
Takumu. His best friend, the person he had gone up against
for real, who he had exchanged real blows with, who had pulled
through a truly difficult battle with him in the whole Dusk Taker
thing. He was sure that Takumu of all people would undoubtedly
share this burden he had picked up at some point. But…
In a corner of the dim hall, he looked up at the face of his tall
childhood friend, and the moment he went to explain everything,
Haruyuki felt the brakes put on his own mouth once more.
Why? Why am I hesitating?
This is Taku. A friend above all others, my partner at the
front line of the Legion. The best partner, always cool and collected and helping me out when I don’t think. There’s no one better than Taku to talk to first about the ISS kits.
So why am I so freaked out about it?
Still staring at Takumu, who was looking more and more
doubtful, Haruyuki took a deep breath and pushed back the mysterious clamor in his heart.

“The truth is…” Even after he started to speak, his tongue froze
and his throat ached. Working to ignore this feeling, Haruyuki
continued. “The truth is, Taku, something weird’s happening in
the Accelerated World right now…maybe. It’ll take a while. How
about we talk inside a bit more?”
The pair returned to Haruyuki’s living room, and as he spoke absorbedly, wetting his lips with the remaining coffee, the strange
uneasiness in his heart finally disappeared.
Bush Utan. The ISS kit. The Incarnate attacks cloaked in a
dark fluctuation.
Once Takumu had heard it all, he clasped his hands and
pressed them to his forehead, elbows on the table. He was silent
for a while, his face turned downward. Just when Haruyuki was
starting to become uneasy with the fairly long silence, he finally
lifted his face back up. The usual intellectual light shone behind
his glasses.
“So what do you think?” Haruyuki asked, heaving a sigh of relief for no reason he could understand.
“Hmm.” Takumu took a sip of cold coffee. “To be honest, it’s
hard to really process this all of a sudden. I’m only too aware of
how hard it is to learn the Incarnate System after my training
with the Red King. I don’t know how many times I ripped an
enormous hole in my left hand trying to learn to stop my own
Pile.”
In Cyan Plate, the Incarnate attack of Takumu’s avatar, Cyan
Pile, he caught with his left hand the iron spike that shot out of
the Enhanced Armament Pile Driver equipped in his right hand
and pulled it out, transforming it into a longsword. Rather than
simple repetitive training, he had to confront painful memories in
order to catch the spike, a symbol of his own mental trauma.
“Yeah. I trained until I nearly passed out before I learned how

to pierce the wall of the old Tokyo Tower. I was just totally focused on speed, speed, speed.”
Their eyes grew distant. For a variety of reasons, the head of
the Legion Prominence—the Red King, Scarlet Rain—had been
the one to initiate Takumu into the Incarnate System, but her
Spartan style was basically on par with Haruyuki’s Incarnate instructor, Sky Raker. Yet they had suffered through it and somehow managed to learn a basic Incarnate technique: Haruyuki,
range expansion; Takumu, power expansion.
“But just by equipping this ISS kit, you’re able to use both the
power expansion technique Dark Blow and the range expansion
technique Dark Shot. Is that it?” Takumu said hoarsely, and
dropped his gaze to his own left hand, a smile with a color
Haruyuki couldn’t remember seeing too much bleeding onto the
corners of his mouth. “It doesn’t matter how hard you try—if
something’s out of reach, you’ll never be able to grab on to it.
That’s the basic principle of Brain Burst. That’s what I’ve always
thought. Your duel avatar is almost cruel in how it unequivocally
teaches you the limits of your own physical self. Which is exactly
why this game gains another reality, right?”
“Taku?” Haruyuki cocked his head to one side, slightly bewildered by this small outburst.
Takumu lifted his face with a gasp. All that was on his lips now
was his usual faint intellectual smile. “Oh, sorry. Don’t worry
about it. You’re right. If someone’s distributing Enhanced Armament like that, this situation is pretty serious. The balance between duel and Territories will crumble.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Haruyuki nodded and brushed aside an
irrational sense that something was out of place. “Although it’s
bad enough that Incarnate techniques are being used in normal
duels, that power is just too great. To be honest, beginner Incarnate users like us can’t fight that. Like, in the Meeting of the
Seven Kings the day before yesterday, some people thought that

depending on the situation, the existence of the Incarnate System
should be disclosed to all Burst Linkers, but…if the ISS kits are on
the market everywhere, is there any point in training now from
the first steps in Incarnate techniques? It’s almost like…”
“Someone’s beat them to the punch?” Takumu hit the nail on
the head while Haruyuki was searching for the words. He pushed
up his glasses, an even more complicated look on his face. “But,
Haru, if that’s the case, that means that the guys who showed off
the power of the Incarnate System to all those people in the
Gallery at the Hermes’ Cord race last week are the masterminds
behind disseminating the ISS kits now.”
“Ah!” Not having even considered the possibility up to that
point, Haruyuki threw himself back so hard that his chair clattered. Both eyes open wide, he murmured the name of the organization Takumu was hinting at. “The Acceleration Research Society?”
“Let’s think about it from the beginning. The first time they
showed themselves was in April of this year. Dusk Taker skillfully
made use of an illegal brain implant chip to attack the Umesato
Junior High local net, while Rust Jigsaw did the same at Akihabara battleground. Maybe there were other closed nets they ran
wild in using the same methods.”
Haruyuki remembered Twilight Marauder’s menacing power,
so great that it had forced Haruyuki and his friends to surrender,
however temporarily, and shuddered all over, nodding. But recollecting the whole incident now, a question he hadn’t noticed at
the time popped into his head.
“But, Taku, when I think about it, it’s weird. At the time, in
April, neither of them actively went to use Incarnate techniques
themselves. Dusk Taker only started using that purple fluctuation
when you pushed him into a corner in a duel. And I feel like Rust
Jigsaw actually didn’t end up using it at all. But for those guys, it
wouldn’t have been weird at all if they attacked with Incarnate at

full throttle right from the start.”
“We should think of it like they were limited. But I don’t think
the reason is that abuse of Incarnate risks calling the dark side,
like the Red King and Raker warned us.”
Haruyuki nodded deeply at Takumu’s words.
In the power that the Incarnate System revealed, there were
four quadrants, like the xy plane in mathematics. The x-axis was
the breadth of the imagination—in other words, moving toward
the individual or toward the world—while the y-axis was the
lightness of the imagination—whether it took hope as its source
or despair. The first quadrant, in the upper right, was positive will
with range as its target; the second quadrant, to the upper left,
was positive will with the individual as its target; the third, to the
bottom left, was negative will with the individual as its target; and
the fourth, to the bottom right, was negative will with range as its
target.
Attack-type Incarnate techniques like Haruyuki’s Laser Sword,
Takumu’s Cyan Blade, and Kuroyukihime’s incomparably more
powerful Vorpal Strike were categorized in the second quadrant
because they used as their source the hope inside themselves. The
universal wellspring of Incarnate was mental scars, but whether
they would pump hope from that deep hole or fall into the darkness of despair was left to the choice of the person themselves.
And although they were rare, there were some Burst Linkers
who had mastered Incarnate of the first quadrant. Fuko’s Wind
Veil, which protected herself and companions around her, was
the most conspicuous example. Haruyuki didn’t know its name,
but Utai’s Incarnate technique, which burned a wide range with
crimson flames, was probably also in the first quadrant because
Bush Utan, burned up by those flames, hadn’t felt the slightest
suffering. Those were flames of purification to exorcise pain.
However, it wasn’t the case that all Incarnates showed this

kind of positive power. For instance, Dusk Taker’s “purple fluctuation,” which had no fixed name. That technique shaved off whatever it touched and swallowed the object up into nothingness; it
was a third-quadrant, dark-side attack power that used internal
despair for energy. And Rust Jigsaw’s Rust Order. That power to
summon a storm of red rust a hundred meters in diameter to corrode and destroy all things within its range had to be a power of
the fourth quadrant. The imagination of the end, born from a despair against the world.
In short, these two from the Acceleration Research Society had
probably learned negative Incarnate right from the start. At this
late stage, there would be no reason why their teacher would caution them about falling into the dark side.
“So then that means they had a specific reason for limiting
their Incarnate, I guess,” Haruyuki muttered.
Takumu nodded slowly. “Yeah, I guess so. But last week, when
he stormed into the Hermes’ Cord race, basically the moment
Rust Jigsaw appeared, he was using Incarnate. Except that wasn’t
on the level of just using it. Dragging not just the other teams, but
however many hundreds were in the Gallery into it, that was to
make us feel in our bones just how tremendous Incarnate attacks
can be. And that guy calling himself the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, Black Vise, he was even there. So I
think we have to assume that large-scale attack was exactly what
that organization wanted.”
“B-but if that’s true, isn’t that like a huge policy flip in just two
months? In April, they were trying to lie low, but June rolls
around and they’re showing off?” Haruyuki said, waving both
hands around on the table.
Takumu paused for a moment before responding quietly, “It
means that in those two months, they finished their preparations.”

“P-preparations? For what?”
“Preparations to distribute the ISS kits.”
“Hng!!” Once again, Haruyuki made his chair clatter against
the floor.
The two of them looked at each other wordlessly for several
seconds. Takumu’s cheeks had lost their color and were paler
than usual, and Haruyuki was pretty sure his own face was even
whiter than that.
Eventually, after drinking the last sip of his cold coffee,
Takumu moved his lips. “If that assumption is true, then all I can
say is they’re meticulous. It’s like they’re always one step ahead,
planning their next move. They make a show of the absurd power
of the Incarnate System to many members of the Gallery with a
large-scale attack at Hermes’ Cord, and then immediately after
that, they start distributing the ISS kits as a device to easily learn
Incarnate. Honestly, after that display, even veteran Burst Linkers, who should hesitate at wearing that sort of dodgy Enhanced
Armament, would give in to their impatience and reach out for
it.”
In the back of Haruyuki’s mind, Bush Utan’s cracked voice
from the previous day came back to life.
IS mode has that kind of incredible power. The ultimate
power, skipping over all the rules of Brain Burst even. And
there’s some jerks who knew about it and kept it quiet all this
time.
There hadn’t been only fear and impatience in Utan’s monologue; it had also contained a strong animosity toward the people
who had kept the existence of the Incarnate System hidden until
then—and that naturally included Haruyuki. That kind of emotional energy alone was plenty motivation to accept the black eyeball and its eerie appearance.

“So then, Taku, is their ultimate goal to spread the ISS kit
throughout the Accelerated World? Or…?” Haruyuki timidly
asked his best friend, pursing his lips.
“Is there another ‘next move’?” Takumu stared at his empty
coffee cup and nodded slightly. “We don’t have enough information to determine that. I haven’t even seen this ISS kit with my
own eyes.” Before Haruyuki could say anything, Takumu glanced
at the clock display in the bottom right of his field of view and
stood up. “Haru, isn’t your mom going to be home soon? Let’s
leave it here for today.”
“Yeah.”
Now that Takumu mentioned it, it was almost ten already, in
what seemed like the blink of an eye. Haruyuki’s mother worked
at a foreign investment bank and in exchange for a late start to
her workday, she also came home late, but even so, at this hour,
she could basically come home any second. And although his
mother wasn’t the type to get angry at Takumu being here at this
time of day, they couldn’t exactly continue openly chatting about
Brain Burst.
“Hey, Taku?” Haruyuki asked one final question in a small
voice as he followed Takumu out of the living room. “This—we
should probably talk to Kuroyukihime and the others about it…
right?”
“…Well, of course.” On Takumu’s face as he replied, waving a
hand in the entryway, was the same intellectual expression as always.
So Haruyuki forgot about the slightly long silence that preceded that reply and bobbed his head up and down. “Right?
Okay. I’ll talk to Kuroyukihime tomorrow. Fortunately, it’s Thursday when we’re diving back into the Castle so we don’t have to do
a bunch of stuff tomorrow.”

Once again, Takumu was silent, narrowing his eyes as though
something had dazzled them. When Haruyuki raised an eyebrow,
he laughed it off. “It’s just the way you’re all casual, ‘diving into
the Castle.’ I was just thinking you jump in with both feet like always.”
“N-no, I mean, it’s not such a big—”
“Ha-ha-ha! It wasn’t a compliment.” Takumu reached out with
his right hand and jabbed Haruyuki’s shoulder lightly before slipping his shoes on. Looking serious once more, he added, “I’ll try
some tricks of my own to get information on the ISS kit thing.”
“Y-yeah. Good idea. But don’t do anything too reckless,”
Haruyuki said, finding it a little weird himself that he would say
something like that. For many years, doing reckless things had
been Haruyuki’s job, and Takumu’s role had been to stop him.
Perhaps feeling the same way, Takumu grinned again and
nodded. “Yeah, I know. Okay, see you at school tomorrow.”
“Yeah, see you tomorrow.” Haruyuki raised his hand lightly,
and his best friend opened the door and slid out into the dim hallway.
Listening to the sound of the automatic lock as the door shut
once more, Haruyuki was aware of that sensation returning to his
chest. That he didn’t want to talk about it. That he shouldn’t have
talked about it.
A delusion. It was good that he talked about it. After all, it was
precisely because he and Takumu discussed it that he realized the
possibility that the source of the ISS kits was the Acceleration Research Society. And when he told Kuroyukihime about the situation the next day after school, she was sure to show him the right
way to proceed, just like she always did.
Clenching his hands tightly, he forced his own thoughts to this

conclusion before tracing his steps back through the living room
into the kitchen to wash the coffee mugs.

6
The next day was Wednesday, June 19.
He opened the door to his mother’s bedroom a crack to tell her
he was leaving for the day, and to his Neurolinker came a fivehundred-yen lunch allowance. Afterward, he took the elevator to
the ground floor and stepped out onto the sidewalk of the ring
road, Kannana Street.
In social studies class the other day, he had gotten the chance
to watch a video from a long, long time ago, recorded on the
streets of Suginami where Haruyuki and his friends lived. It had
been taken at the beginning of the century, around the year 2010,
with a video camera, so it wasn’t a 3-D video you could do a full
dive in, but rather a flat image. However, the images of the town
in such disarray had made a serious impression on the students.
It was different from the electrical chaos of the current Akihabara, half of which was really just for show. This was everyday
life laid bare, steeped in years of history and the work of its citizens. Even along Kannana, supposedly the main thoroughfare in
the city, small individual-owned shops and even regular homes
could be seen everywhere.
Of course, if you went down a little into one of the back streets,
there were any number of stand-alone homes and old apartment
buildings even now. But the main thoroughfares of Kannana and
Oume had been nearly doubled forty years earlier, and only
strings of large-scale commercial institutions, housing complexes,
or tidy green spaces lined them now. At and around Koenji Station as well, the unorganized bustle of the past was gone; the area
had been completely transformed into a multistoried combination building linking the facilities around the pedestrian deck.

And there was one more thing. Haruyuki noticed an inconspicuous change that nonetheless held major significance. Something
he couldn’t go a day without seeing, everywhere, inside and out.
No one paid them any mind precisely because there were so
many. Black half or full spheres, about five centimeters in diameter. In the old video, there wasn’t a single one of these so-called
social cameras anywhere.
In class, they also learned that this entirely automatic monitoring camera net began to be set up in the mid-2030s. After that,
occurrence of crime in public spaces dropped dramatically. Considering the formidable performance of the cameras, this was
only natural. After all, when the system caught any illegal activity
within its field of view, it automatically identified and tracked it,
while reporting it to the local police at the same time. Naturally,
this was not to say that every little crime without exception ended
up in arrest and indictment, but, for instance, if you tossed a cigarette butt or an empty juice container on the ground within view
of a camera, a warning mail would arrive from the authorities the
next day, and a fine would be automatically withdrawn from your
bank account at the end of the month.
Exactly where this extremely advanced and complicated image
processing was carried out and by what system was a state secret
of the highest order, and not a single detail was disclosed to the
citizens of the country. The sole fact made public was the name
“Social Security Surveillance Center,” or the SSSC for short. Even
the Kuroyukihime said she could only guess at where the center
was. Obviously, Haruyuki couldn’t even do that.
Immediately before the raised platform of the Chuo Line, he
turned right off of Kannana and arrived at the road to school,
bathed in the ceaseless roar of cars racing along. As he walked, he
started wondering and whirled his head around; he knew the social cameras were looking down with a bird’s-eye view from
everywhere: power poles and street lamps, traffic signs, signals,
all of it. To be honest, he could see how it would be creepy, but for
Haruyuki, the system held a significance greater than maintain-

ing public order.
It went without saying that this significance was Brain Burst.
The BB program easily infiltrated the social camera net, supposedly guarded by top-level walls, and generated 3-D fields from
those super-high-precision images to produce a reality that rivaled that of the real world. The fact that Burst Linkers were able
to gain another self in their duel avatars and another reality in the
Accelerated World was first and foremost because of the overwhelming amount of information in the duel field.
However, this system, utopia though it may have been for
gamers, had just one negative side.
In seventh grade, Haruyuki had been subjected to horrible
bullying by three students in his class. On an almost daily basis,
they’d forced him to buy them bread and juice with the five hundred yen he got for lunch and bring it up to the corner of the roof
where they hung out. If he refused—and even when the bread
they had specified was sold out and he couldn’t buy it—they had
punched and kicked him mercilessly, and forced him to grovel on
his hands and knees, scraping his face against the concrete of the
roof.
Those three had been able to continue with this sort of behavior, clearly against the rules of the school and wandering into the
criminal, for more than six months partly because Haruyuki was
too timid to tell his homeroom teacher or the school authorities
about what was going on, but the fact that their hangout behind
the air conditioner at the west edge of the roof of the second
school building was one of the few places on campus outside the
reach of the social cameras also played a large part. It seemed
that a map or something of places outside the view of the social
cameras was passed around among this kind of outlaw student,
so they could carefully select “safe zones” and continue their bullying. This sort of thinking was shared not just among delinquent
students, but among adult criminals as well.

Naturally, however, the cameras weren’t in the same locations
permanently. The update speed in a semipublic place like a
school was a bit lenient, but in places like shopping districts or
back alleys, cameras were added and moved with incredible frequency, making it nearly impossible for professional criminals to
always be aware of their range of view.
But there were people who could perfectly identify random
places outside the view of the cameras in a mere second. Burst
Linkers. All a Burst Linker had to do was shout, “Burst Link,” and
do a full dive into the clear blue, Basic Accelerated Field. In that
world, things existing within view of the social cameras were reproduced as they were in reality, but for those items outside their
view, the system “conjectured and complemented.” These items
were basically reproduced as smooth objects with few details, so a
Linker could tell at a glance whether something was within view
of the cameras or not.
This “privilege,” unattainable even to the leader of a largescale criminal syndicate, had sent a small portion of Burst Linkers running toward a certain type of criminality. They were the
ones called Physical Knockers, or PK for short. Several of them
would target Burst Linkers outed in the real and attack them outside the view of the cameras. Initially, it was in the shadows, but
in recent years, they would lock hapless Burst Linkers in cars and
things, and in both cases, threaten them with violence and force
them into direct duels. Unlike normal global net duels, there was
no once-a-day limit in a direct duel, so the person being attacked
was doomed to face loss after loss. In mere seconds of real-world
time, the attackers stole a massive amount of points, and in the
blink of an eye, the victim had lost everything, ending up in a
forced uninstall of Brain Burst. It was a “death” for Burst Linkers
that was even crueler than Unlimited EK in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Thus, Kuroyukihime had told Haruyuki to at least pay mind to
the view of the cameras on the road. It might have been a little
creepy, but the fact that he was able to see those black spheres

around him meant he was safe. Although he didn’t expect to be
attacked in the real when streams of students and office workers
were flowing all around him. Yawning deeply, he called up the
schedule for that day on his virtual desktop and went to check
that he hadn’t forgotten some homework or report.
At that moment, a hand stretched out from the gloom beneath
the overhead train tracks immediately to the left of the sidewalk
and grabbed on to the collar of Haruyuki’s shirt from behind.
“Hinhk…?!”
No way! PK?! A flat-out real attack when there are this many
people, and in full view of the social cameras?! He began to freak
out and very nearly started to wave and kick his arms and legs,
but just as he was on the verge of doing so, a familiar voice whispered in his ear.
“Hi.”
A single word, a single syllable, likely the shortest of all possible greetings. He stopped flailing and nervously looked over his
shoulder to find the face of a slightly older girl, with an adult look
that somehow managed to provoke a sense that she was no ordinary person.
“P-Pard?” he said, dumbfounded, but his attacker did not
reply. It was self-evident, and there was no point in her replying.
As usual, she was sticking to her style of finishing up anything
conversation-related in the barest minimum time. At any rate, he
left out the question of what she was even doing here and returned her greeting, collar still in her hand. “G-good morning.”
She nodded lightly as she released him, and his floating heels
hit the ground. Sighing, he turned around and took in the presence of his attacker once more.
Her understated hairstyle was the same as always—black,

parted in the middle, and bound in a single braid on her back.
But she wasn’t wearing the maid’s uniform from the first time
they had met, at a cake shop in Sakuradai in Nerima Ward, or the
rough T-shirt and jeans look from when they met later at Tokyo
Skytree. Instead, a white collar on a navy top, with a triangle scarf
and a thin-pleated skirt of the same color—the typical sailor
school uniform, in other words.
It wasn’t a particularly unusual look. Looking around, he could
see any number of uniforms like it among the students headed for
the station. However, when the wearer was leaning up against the
seat of a large electric motorcycle with a low, ferocious form like a
large carnivore, it was a different story. The combination was just
too out of place, and earned one gawking stare after another from
the sidewalk.
The bike was parked at the entrance to a narrow alley that
passed under the overhead line and broke off to the south from
the road Haruyuki took to school. To avoid the inquiring eyes,
Haruyuki took a step into the dim alley and fumbled for what he
was supposed to say. He didn’t know the real name of the uniformed rider who had suddenly appeared before him. The nickname “Pard” had slipped out but was normally not something to
be used around regular people, because it was a contraction of
her avatar name.
Blood Leopard. The deputy of the Red Legion, Prominence,
which ruled over the area from northern Nakano to Nerima, a
level-six Burst Linker, nicknamed Bloody Kitty. A warrior among
warriors, who had destroyed Rust Jigsaw of the Acceleration Research Society before Haruyuki’s eyes with a single bite.
Now that he thought about it, she always appeared before him
out of the blue and surprised him, but even still, this was just too
sudden. Unable to decide on what to ask first, he flapped his
mouth for about two and a half seconds. Then it was apparently
the end of Haruyuki’s turn, and Pard leaned forward off the motorcycle, her left hand shooting out. In her fingertips was a small

plug dangling from a red shielded cord—a direct XSB cable.
He let out a mental cry, but since she’d end up jabbing it into
his Neurolinker if he just stood there and watched, he hurriedly
took it and jacked in himself with the cable that was fortunately
two or so meters long. The wired connection warning popped up
in his vision, and immediately after it disappeared, a slightly low,
husky voice echoed in his mind.

“I didn’t mail you because I have info I wanted to tell just you
first.” Naturally, this was the answer to the question Haruyuki
should have asked first. He looked up at her as she leaned back
against her bike again and crossed her arms.
He somehow managed to shift the gears in his brain and utter
in neurospeak, “Does that mean you don’t want the other members of Nega Nebulus to know I saw you?”
“That’s the end result, yes. It’s not that I don’t trust your comrades. I just wanted to let you decide what info to pass along.”
Unable to immediately get what Leopard was trying to say, he
cocked his head to one side. The cable connecting their Neurolinkers shook, and a hazy light slid along the shielded, braided
wire.
They might have been in the narrow lane beneath the tracks,
but they were still in full view of the north side of the sidewalk.
Haruyuki wondered what people made of the high school girl in a
sailor-style uniform leaned up against a large motorcycle with a
short, round junior high boy, directing and staring at each other
first thing in the morning. Old, young, boy, girl—the people passing by gazed at them freely, and frighteningly, he glimpsed Umesato uniforms among them, but the words Leopard uttered next
contained enough of a shock to send all these scattered thoughts
easily flying.
“Silver Crow. There’s a movement to ask a PK group for your
immediate purge.”
“What…,” he gasped, his real voice slipping out. He staggered for
a moment, and then quickly regained his footing. But the sensation that the ground was slowly swaying did not leave him.
Seeing him like this, Pard twitched an eyebrow and stretched

out her right hand once more. She pulled on Haruyuki’s shoulder
and sat him up on the front of the motorcycle seat, immediately
to her right. The large bike, firmly supported by a solid kickstand,
didn’t move an inch even as it took his full weight.
Slightly regaining his calm from the reliable feel of the machine he had ridden several times, Haruyuki finally sent his next
thought through the cable. “Purge…This is because of the Armor
of Catastrophe thing, right? But at the Meeting of the Seven
Kings, they said I’d have this whole week.”
“Yes. However, the ones talking the extreme talk aren’t the
kings, but some of the key Burst Linkers under them. They’re insisting…that you’re the source of the infection of the ‘dark power’
that’s been spreading through the Accelerated World these last
few days.” Even the indomitable Pard showed the merest hint of
hesitation before speaking those words.
However, paying no mind to this, Haruyuki trapped an even
larger gasp in his throat. “That’s—N-no, I…” Reflexively, he
looked up at Leopard standing to his left and shook his head violently. “They’re wrong! It’s not me! I—I would never make something like that…”
But even as he protested the idea, a voice came back to life in
the distance in his mind. Ash Roller’s final words in the closed
duel the morning before, very near where they were now on Kannana Street.
“There’s more to the rumors I heard. This ‘weird tech’ Utan
and Olive are using…I heard it’s a copy of Chrome Disaster’s
power.”
It was true that the shadowy aura emitted by users of the ISS
kit and the dark fluctuations that blanketed Silver Crow when he
equipped the Armor of Catastrophe did strongly resemble each
other. Someone who saw both of them could determine that they

were of the same origin. Still, a single day was much too little
time for this rumor to race around the Accelerated World and
grow into talk of an immediate purge of Silver Crow.
At the same time, though, Haruyuki could see that it wasn’t
necessarily impossible. For Burst Linkers, a mere 1.8 seconds in
the real world was actually equivalent to thirty minutes. If the
rumor was spread among the members of the Gallery at the
countless duels happening one after another in Shinjuku, in
Shibuya, in Akihabara, it was plenty believable that some people
espousing strong views on the matter had already appeared. Believable, but in his heart, he simply could not accept it.
Pard watched as Haruyuki opened his eyes wide and shook his
head in short, sharp increments, and a faint but definite smile
rose up onto her lips. The right hand that had trapped his collar
before now patted his back lightly. “K, got it. Red King and me,
we don’t believe the ranting and raving. But we can’t be optimistic, either. Which is why I came to give you the info.”
Words weren’t quick to come out. But the softness and
warmth of the hand touching him through the fabric of his shirt
pushed back the shock and terror, even if it was only for the moment.
The Red Legion, Prominence, had what was basically a temporary cease-fire with Haruyuki’s Nega Nebulus, although this certainly didn’t mean they had formed an alliance. When he met the
Legion Master, Niko, she had contacted Haruyuki in the real
world and forcefully requested their help in subjugating the fifth
Chrome Disaster, but she had paid back that debt with interest
when they were dealing with Dusk Taker, so at present, their relationship could be said to be completely even. Which was why, for
Prominence, there was no longer any obligation to maintain the
cease-fire with Nega Nebulus, especially not to the point of incurring the displeasure of the other five great Legions. In fact, it
wasn’t hard to imagine that some people within the Legion were
probably already of the opinion that they should resume attacks

in the weekend Territories.
And yet Niko and Pard continued as they had, not fighting,
and more than that, they would even go out of their way, like
Pard was doing now, to inform him of a direct danger in the real.
Probably—definitely as a friend.
“Thank. You.” Haruyuki spoke these words alone, not just with
his thoughts, but also with his real voice. Using the back of his
hand to rub away the tears welling up in his eyes, he got himself
back on track. The way to respond to Pard’s kindness wasn’t to
pointlessly freak out and practically cry on her; it was to calmly
grasp the situation and handle it in the best way possible. He took
a deep breath and switched back to neurospeak.
“But even if they are talking PK, it’s not as easy as all that,
right? I mean, they have to out me in the real first.”
“Yes. The PK groups don’t have an inexhaustible supply of
points, either, so they can’t use extreme methods like Rain did
before to get in touch with you in the real world.”
“…That’s true.”
Niko had used the fact that in reality, she was in elementary
school and systematically applied for hands-on school visits at
the junior high schools in Suginami Ward, where she got temporary accounts on the local nets and checked the matching list to
pin down the school Silver Crow was enrolled at. Next, she set up
camp where she could look out at the school gates and accelerated each time a student came out on their way home after school
to check the matching list, eventually cracking Haruyuki’s identity in the real. The number of points she used in the process was
not on the level of a hundred or two hundred; this method was
impossible for anyone who wasn’t a king and no longer needed to
be diligent about points to level up.
So then how exactly were the people espousing this strong

opinion planning to PK Haruyuki?
He furrowed his brow, and Pard, next to him, also looked as
though she was thinking. “Right now,” she muttered, “the only
ones outside the current members of Nega who know your real
name are me and Niko. That right?”
He nodded after a moment’s hesitation. “Yeah. You should
be.” To be more accurate, if they were talking about “knew in the
past,” then there was actually one more person. Dusk Taker, the
marauder who had appeared at Umesato Junior High as a new
student that year and overwhelmed Haruyuki and his friends
while Kuroyukihime was away. But Haruyuki and Takumu had
defeated him in a decisive battle in the Unlimited Neutral Field,
and he lost all his points and had Brain Burst forcibly uninstalled.
His memories related to the Accelerated World had been completely erased, and he was currently aware of Haruyuki only as
someone he used to play some game with.
Of course, the possibility that he passed along Haruyuki’s realworld info to the organization he belonged to, the Acceleration
Research Society, was not zero. But if he had, then he ran the risk
of exposing his own identity, since they went to the same junior
high school. Given how utterly and completely Dusk Taker rejected values like friendships and bonds, Haruyuki couldn’t believe he would have trusted the members of his organization that
much.
Leopard moved her head lightly. “You’ll just have to trust me
and Niko, but if that’s all of us, then those hard-liners won’t
crack you so easily. If you…purify the armor before the Meeting
of the Seven Kings on Sunday and the kings confirm it, the idea
of purging you will be totally baseless. But there is just one
thing…” Unusually for her, Pard trailed off and turned her whole
upper body toward Haruyuki, before continuing in a deeply apprehensive voice, “There is just one force of concern.”

“Force?”
“We assume there are several PK groups out there, but it’s not
easy to find out who’s in them. Put another way, once they are
found out, they’re purged with the collective power of all Burst
Linkers and lose all their points before they even know it.”
Haruyuki bobbed his head up and down. His teacher Sky
Raker had also smilingly informed him that she had tossed a
Burst Linker who had been identified as a PK deep into the territory of a Legend-class Enemy. PKs were so detestable that even
the (supposedly) kind Raker adopted such merciless methods. In
which case, how was it even possible in the first place to make a
request to these guys to purge Haruyuki? First of all, how did the
would-be purgers get in touch with the PK?
Leopard replied to Haruyuki’s question with a low, stifled
thought. “There’s a group that fancy themselves ‘executioners.’
They’re the sole PK group who’ve made the group name known.
The most malicious and evil physical knockers. Supernova Remnant, Remnant for short.”
“Supernova Remnant,” he parroted.
“They take on PKs in Japanese yen instead of burst points,”
Leopard added, a faint grimness rising up onto her normally cool
brow. “They have a ton of know-how about cracking the real.
Every Burst Linker they’ve been contracted to execute has without exception been taken out with a PK. For them, Brain Burst’s
not a game; it’s nothing more than a way to earn money.”
“Wha…” Once more, Haruyuki gasped in his real voice, this
time unconsciously.
“Why…” A chill running up his spine, he racked his brain as if
to try and fight back. “Why are they just left to do that? If anyone’s going to be purged, shouldn’t we start with them instead of

me…”
“Naturally, people have said the same thing many times in
the past. But no matter what anyone does, no one can get ahold
of any of the members. The way you place the order, you send a
money code together with the target’s name and information to
an anonymous mail address. It just might be they don’t do normal duels at all and just level up through PK. In which case, it’s
totally possible they are completely mysterious Burst Linkers
known to no one.”
“Th-that’s…So then it’s almost like they’re ghosts—no, gods of
death, aren’t they…” Haruyuki let out this futile thought, backside still resting lightly against the seat of the electric bike.
Leopard affirmed his words with a short silence and then gently touched his back again. “This is all still guesswork. You don’t
need to be excessively scared. The biggest risk for outing in the
real is information leaked by a ‘parent’ or ‘child,’ and you don’t
have a child—” At this point, Pard cocked her head momentarily
as if to say, You don’t, right? and Haruyuki hurriedly bobbed his
head up and down. “And your parent’s the king of your Legion,
not to mention a seasoned veteran. She wouldn’t carelessly let
something slip or sell you out. So in such a short time, even for
those would-be executioners, outing you in the real’s impossible.”
The thoughts flowing through the cable stopped there for a
moment. But Haruyuki understood that Pard had chopped just a
bit off the end of her sentence. Outing you in the real’s impossible, I think. That’s what she had actually been going to say. Because if she was convinced that it was absolutely impossible,
there would have been no need to come all the way over like this
and warn him. But she’d made it a declaration, perhaps to give
Haruyuki strength.
He tried to bolster himself with this declaration anyway and

looked up at the older girl sitting. “Understood,” he replied in a
firm thought. “But just in case, I’ll be careful on my way to and
from school.”
“K. You should walk home with someone else especially when
you’re going home late. Don’t get too close to anywhere the social cameras can’t see, either,” Leopard added, and the conversation was barely finished before she was yanking the XSB cable
from their Neurolinkers. She quickly coiled it up and stuck it in
the pocket of her skirt.
Since the directing had been released, Haruyuki opened his
mouth to thank her with his real voice. “Oh, uh, seriously, thank
—” But he was forced to unexpectedly interrupt himself.
Pard pulled a spare jet helmet out from the luggage space at
the rear of the bike and plopped it on his head. After nimbly fastening the strap under his chin, she grabbed her own full-face
helmet from the handlebars and slipped it on.
…Huh?
Without giving him the time to even open his eyes wide, the
high school rider grabbed both handles from behind Haruyuki as
if covering him, and murmured the voice command, “Start.” The
motorcycle’s dash, connected with her Neurolinker, flashed
brightly, while the front and rear active suspension raised the vehicle body up in a supple motion, like a leopard about to jump out
after its prey.
“Uh, uh, um!”
No way. No. Don’t. I’m not ready. Haruyuki’s mind raced, and
in his ears came a low murmur from the in-helmet speaker.
“I took a fair bit of your time. I’ll give you a lift to the school
gates.”

“I-i-i-i-i-it’s okay, y-y-y-y-y-you don’t have to.”
“NP.” She lightly opened the throttle, and the bike sleepily
moved forward and out onto the road along the overhead train
tracks. She dropped the machine into a right turn, and the front
wheel headed in the direction of the station. In the next instant,
the two large output in-wheel motors roared ferociously.
“Aaaaaaaaaah!!”
The scream he let out as he clung to the vehicle with his arms
and legs was without a doubt heard with a significant Doppler effect by the students walking along the left side on the sidewalk.
Having hit hard with the super technique of riding up to the
school gates on an electric bike that the average junior high
school boy would call nothing but “super ultra great cool,” in tandem with a high school girl in a sailor-style uniform to boot, no
sooner had Pard waved lightly and raced off toward Kannana
than Haruyuki was activating his special attack Dash and Flee for
the first time in a long time to race inside the school.
Begrudging even the time it took to change into his indoor
shoes, he climbed up the central stairs of the first school building
and arrived at the classroom of eighth grade’s C class, where he
finally let out a long breath. With a feigned nonchalance, he took
his seat and fiddled with his virtual desktop in a purposeful manner.
Slap! At the same time a hand hit his back, a familiar voice
rang out. “Morning, Haru.”
His shoulders stiffened up momentarily before he awkwardly
turned around to return the greeting. “M-morning, Chiyu.”
The instant Chiyuri Kurashima—his childhood friend who it
was no exaggeration to say he had known since he was born—saw
his face, her own went from puzzled to intent stare. “You’ve got

that ‘oh crap’ look on your face.”
“I—I do not. This is just my ‘I hate gym first period’ face.”
“That’s tomorrow. First period today’s math.”
“Oh! Uh, um, then it’s my ‘I hate math’ face.”
Here, her expression finally changed from intent stare to eye
rolling, and he let out a sigh of relief. Having gotten to class before him, Chiyuri had no way of knowing yet how Haruyuki had
come to school, and even if she would find out sooner or later, the
best policy at the moment was to avoid it. He shifted his gaze with
maximum naturalness, looking toward the rear of the room, and
opened his mouth. “Uh…umm, huh? Taku’s not here yet? He
never cuts it this close.”
Noticing that his other childhood friend’s desk was empty
even though there was only five minutes left before the first bell,
Haruyuki made this remark solely to change the subject. But the
moment he did, Chiyuri’s forehead creased with worry, and now
it was his turn to look puzzled.
“So, the thing is, Haru”—Chiyuri glanced back herself and lowered her voice—“Taku’s home with a cold.”
“What…” Reflexively, he ran his fingers along his virtual desktop and opened the class register in the local-net menu. An “absent due to illness” icon was indeed displayed beside the name
Takumu Mayuzumi, class number 31. When he clicked on it, the
simple explanation FEVER DUE TO COLD popped up.
“That’s weird. That guy getting a cold…” Haruyuki furrowed
his brow. Having trained in kendo from a young age, Takumu had
always been much healthier than Haruyuki. They had known
each other a long time, but Haruyuki couldn’t remember any
more than a mere handful of times Takumu had been taken down
by a cold, and all of those had been in the winter, when it was al-

ready going around.
It didn’t seem to make sense to Chiyuri, either. She brought
her face in close abruptly and lowered her voice even further. “So,
like, last night, he didn’t look like he had a cold at all, right?
Maybe the fever started after that?”
“Oh, now that you mention it…And if he had been feeling like
he was coming down with one, he would’ve been super careful to
try not to give it to us.”
Chiyuri nodded deeply. Takumu was the kind of person who
would never neglect this sort of consideration. So then maybe he
had gotten sick after he’d gone home after ten—
No. A sensation like a sudden cramp ran up the back of his
head, and Haruyuki’s eyes grew unfocused.
Something Takumu had said at Haruyuki’s house, and something in the information communicated to him that morning by
Pard. The two combined, and a hazy anxiety began to bloom.
Some place deep, deep down where light didn’t reach, something
was coming. And while he was sitting here, a situation he would
never be able to come back from was drawing nearer moment by
moment. A premonition-like panic.
“What’s the matter, Haru?” As if his unease was contagious,
Chiyuri also furrowed her brow.
He brought his eyes back into focus with a gasp and shook his
head sharply. “N-no, it’s nothing. Right. On our way home, let’s
go visit him together. Mail me once practice is over.”
Chiyuri turned large eyes on him as if trying to see through to
his heart, but finally she nodded. “Yeah…Okay. And you have Animal Club stuff, too, right? Tell me when you’re done working
there.”

“Okay, got it.”
The first bell rang, and she waved lightly before returning to
her own seat. Haruyuki turned to face forward again, and staring
at the still-open class list, he fought the urge to mail Takumu
right then and there. Currently, all students, including himself,
were forcibly cut off from the global net, so there was no way for
him to get in touch with Takumu, who was supposedly at home in
bed.
It’s fine. It’s all in your imagination. As of this moment, the
only one exposed to any Brain Burst–related problems is me.
The Armor of Catastrophe, the ISS kits, Remnant—none of it has
anything to do with Taku being absent. I’ll buy him some of that
matcha ice cream he likes and go see him, and he’ll totally be
smiling, kind of embarrassed, in his bed, Haruyuki told himself,
and promptly swiped the window away with his right hand.
Their homeroom teacher yanked open the front door, and the
orders for the day began to echo listlessly through the room.

7
As Haruyuki digested his four morning classes in the same way as
always, the bizarre uneasiness just wouldn’t fade.
At the chime to signal the start of lunch, which sounded a tiny
bit lighter for some reason, Haruyuki stood up. He considered his
options, a crease popping up between his eyebrows—should he
take care of things the cheap way with bread and a juice box, or
dine in luxury in the cafeteria on katsu curry?
Regrettably, until the school festival at the end of June was
over, lunch in the lounge with Kuroyukihime would have to wait.
Given that it was the last big job of the current student council,
even Kuroyukihime, who asserted that she’d only joined for the
sake of Brain Burst, wouldn’t be able to neglect her duties.
When Kuroyukihime’s busy, I feel weird with luxury lunch by
myself. I’ll hold off today, maybe just milk and a katsu sandwich
—no, I could be forgiven for adding rusk at least…Seriously
struggling with the issue, he moved toward the rear door.
Clatter! The door slid open with a fair bit of force, and a
human shadow took a large step in from the hallway.
Nicely shaped, long legs wrapped in black tights. The skirt was
the same gray as the other students’, but the short-sleeved shirt
above it was jet-black. Even blacker lustrous hair flowed down on
both sides of the dark red ribbon indicating that this was a ninthgrade student.
The Umesato school rules prescribed a uniform shirt that was
“uncolored and in compliance with the style indicated by the

school.” And when you put this “uncolored” into a dictionary app,
the explanation “a color from white passing through gray to
black” popped out. In other words, although it couldn’t be said
that gray or black was against school rules in the strictest sense,
because the manufacturers were given instructions and only
white shirts were registered on the sales site, the students had no
choice but to buy those in the end. Excluding the sole case where
a special order was placed with the manufacturer for black fabric.
There had been only one person in the thirty-odd-year history
of Umesato Junior High who had gone to all that trouble, and
then coolly used the school rules as her shield against the natural
requests from the teachers to fix the situation.
That very person was now standing two meters in front of
Haruyuki, hands on hips, head tossed back resolutely, a lovely
and yet stern expression on her face—Kuroyukihime.
As the students of class C fell silent, the vice president of the
student council took a deep breath and let her dignified voice ring
out. “The Animal Care Club president selected from this class is
requested to present himself immediately in the student council
office!”
A second later, together with a quiet chattering, the eyes of a
dozen or so people focused on Haruyuki. By nobly standing and
declaring his candidacy—in fact a mistake due to his own carelessness—he had been selected for the Animal Care Club, a fact
which was still fresh in everyone’s memory. Immediately, the
faces of the students around him were practically begging him to
explain what was going on, but Haruyuki himself had absolutely
no idea.
“Um…o-okay…”
Kuroyukihime shot a look at Haruyuki. “You, then? Fine, come
with me.”

“You, then?” She already knows that I’m the Animal Care
Club president and all that, and anyway, I’m her child and her
Legion member and stuff…
Even as his thoughts raced, confusion reigning in his brain,
Kuroyukihime whirled around, the hem of her skirt flipping up,
and started marching down the hall at such a brisk pace that
somehow her rubber-soled indoor shoes mysteriously clacked
against the hard floor. After standing there stock-still for a second
and a half or so, Haruyuki hurriedly chased after her.
As they went down the stairs and headed west in the hall on
the first floor, Kuroyukihime did not look back once. They passed
the ninth-grade classrooms and finally arrived at the student
council office in the depths of the first school building. When
Kuroyukihime waved a hand abruptly, he heard the weighty
sound of a lock being released. The student council vice president
opened the door and disappeared inside.
He gulped loudly before stepping over the door’s sliding track
himself. The door closed on its own behind him and locked itself
once more.
When he had come here the day before yesterday, the orange
light of the setting sun had given the room a warm hue, but under
the gray light spilling out from the cloudy sky, even the air itself
felt cold. Having advanced to the center of the room with the
lights dimmed, Kuroyukihime finally turned around and looked
at Haruyuki with stern eyes.
“Uh, um,” he said in a very thin voice, as a weak smile started
to grow on his face. But before it could, he pulled his lips down
firmly.
After school was possibly a different story, but there was no
way Kuroyukihime would mix work and her personal life by using
the student council office for private business over the lunch
break. In other words, this was an official request from the vice

president of the student council to the president of the Animal
Care Club to present himself. He knew it; without even being
aware of it, he had messed up some part of his club duties.
In which case, he could at least accept any reprimands seriously. Having resolved this in his heart, Haruyuki waited for
Kuroyukihime to speak.
A few seconds later, she pursed her lips and puffed out her
cheeks. At the same time came her voice, peevish. “I heard about
it, you know, Haruyuki. This morning, you rode up to the school
gates on a motorcycle with a beautiful, cool older woman, didn’t
you?”
“…Huh?” Haruyuki asked in response, his eyes, mouth, and
even nostrils opened up into wide circles.
The look on Kuroyukihime’s face grew even more fiercely
sulky. “What, are you planning to lie to me even now? Let me just
tell you, I am able to reference a video recording of the period of
time in question. And you! I don’t want to watch such a thing,
and you—”
“Oh! No, that’s—um, j-j-j-just hang on a minute!” Haruyuki
earnestly interjected, alternately shaking his head and waving his
hands. He followed this with a timid question. “Um, so the ‘official request to the president of the Animal Care Club’…?”
A faint red rose up in Kuroyukihime’s cheeks, and she jerked
her head to one side. “That was just an excuse to call you here.”
Whoa! This is super mixing business and personal. He staggered but somehow managed to get his footing before opening his
mouth once more.
“Uh, umm, so this is about the motorcycle. Maybe you haven’t
met her in the real, but that was one of Promi’s senior members,
Blood Leopard.”

“…Oh?” She twitched a single eyebrow.
“This morning, on my way to school, she came to warn—or, I
guess, give me some information,” he explained, intently glancing
at her face to check in with her mood. “And then we ran out of
time, so she just gave me a ride. And, uh, I tried to say no, but
she’s, like, super impatient.”
As Haruyuki continued speaking, the look on Kuroyukihime’s
face changed microscopically, but in the end, she pursed her lips
once more and uttered something entirely unexpected. “No fair.”
“…Huh?”
“Haruyuki, the last time you and I met as just the two of us
was already ten days ago! With all the student council things and
what have you, I’ve been patient all this time, while you go taking
care of animals and exploring the Castle with Uiui, and now a girl
from another Legion.”

“I-I’m sorry.” It wasn’t entirely clear to him at that moment what
exactly he was apologizing for, but even still, Haruyuki reflexively
bowed his head.
Kuroyukihime stepped over to him, dissatisfied look still on
her face, and stopped right in front of him. “If that’s how you feel,
then give me one burst point and 1.8 seconds of real time as a
present.”
“What? O-okay.” He nodded, puzzled.
Kuroyukihime flashed both hands with a whirl, and the plugs
of the black XSB cable she had picked up at some point were inserted into the direct terminals of each of their Neurolinkers at
lightning speed. For the second time that day, a wired connection
warning flashed before his eyes, and he unconsciously traced the
lustrous lips on the other side of that warning to shout the command.
“Burst link.”
Skreeeeee!! The familiar sound that accompanied the world freezing blue around him came on quickly.
Haruyuki, in the form of his pink pig avatar, smaller even than
his real-world self, took a heavy step forward. He raised his eyes,
and a fairy princess avatar with a black spangle butterfly motif
stood silently before him, essentially the same height as she was
in the real world. The nature of it might have been different, but
the beauty of that face was unchanged. A hue of dissatisfaction
drifted across it somewhere even now, but as he raised his face,
heart pounding, that hue disappeared into a faint smile.
The relief he felt as he sighed was fleeting. Approaching him
silently, Kuroyukihime leaned over and stretched out hands encased in long gloves and slid them under Haruyuki’s avatar’s
arms.

Gah?! He barely had time to think before he was raised up and
pulled in tightly against her chest.
“Uh, uh, um um um, K-K-K-K-Kuroyukihime!” he cried
shrilly.
A smiling murmur reached his ears. “If I did something like
this in the VR space of the local net, much less the student council
office in the real world, it would be a clear violation of school
rules, but those foolish laws don’t apply in this world. Or would it
be better if we were both our duel avatars?”
He imagined it for a moment and then immediately shook his
plump head. When the Black King had previously embraced Silver Crow in a way very similar to this, he had ended up in some
serious trouble when, two seconds later, her level-eight special attack Death By Embracing had ripped into him.
“Ha-ha!” Laughing once more, Kuroyukihime squeezed him
even harder. “The truth is, I’ve wanted to do this ever since the
Meeting of the Seven Kings was over on Sunday. To tell you that
there is nothing for you to be afraid of.”
Haruyuki swallowed lightly and pushed out a hoarse voice.
“That’s…I—I…” I’m fine. He tried to finish the sentence, but for
some reason, his entire avatar was shaking like a leaf, preventing
him from producing normal sound.
At the same time, he understood just how much pressure he
had been under with the situation facing Silver Crow. The terror
that he might not be able to stay in the Accelerated World, the
way it pushed down to the depths of his soul without him being
aware of it.
Haruyuki shook even more intensely, and Kuroyukihime, embracing him as though she were trying to wrap up his entire body
with her arms, murmured smoothly by his ear.

“It’s okay, you’re not alone. I’m here. Your Legion comrades
are here, too. And the Red King, Rain; Leopard; the Green Legion’s Ash Roller; the Blue Legion’s Frost Horn and the others;
and so many more Burst Linkers are eagerly awaiting your return.”
“…Right. Right…” Nodding intently, Haruyuki realized that at
some point his own short arms had pulled Kuroyukihime’s body
closer as well. But he didn’t feel any embarrassment anymore.
Their thought clocks, moving at a speed a thousand times that of
reality, were synchronized; they melted into each other and became a single being, sharing even their emotions.
Several seconds passed, pregnant with curious emotion, until
finally Kuroyukihime gently pulled away from him. Her face regained a slight bit of its usual severity, and eyes like the night sky
also grew serious. When she spoke again, her words were entirely
unexpected.
“Which is why, Haruyuki, there is no need to be afraid of
strange rumors. It’s not possible that the ISS kits currently
spreading the infection through the Accelerated World were generated from you.”
After taking a sharp breath of virtual air, Haruyuki asked in a
small voice, “Did you already know about them, about the kits?”
“Mmm. Utai explained it to us when Fuko drove us home yesterday.”
“She did…huh? I’m sorry I was late to report—”
“No, actually, I should be reproached for not noticing what
was happening sooner. After I got home yesterday, I hurried to
collect information. Given the method and timing, we should suspect their participation. The Acceleration Research Society, the
ones who destroyed the Hermes’ Cord race.”

As she spoke, Kuroyukihime moved toward a sofa set transformed into blue ice and sat Haruyuki down before taking the
seat next to him.
Sitting neatly on his knees, Haruyuki bobbed his head up and
down. “Yeah. That’s the same conclusion Taku and I came to yesterday. And Taku said he’d do some looking into it himself. But
he’s actually home sick with a cold today.”
“What?” Kuroyukihime furrowed her brow and fell silent for a
while, as if in thought. Looking up at that face, Haruyuki felt his
earlier irrational unease filling his heart again.
I’ll try some tricks of my own to get information on the ISS kit
thing.
That’s what Takumu had said at the end of their conversation
yesterday before going home. Tricks of my own. Did that mean
connections he alone in Nega Nebulus had—the pipeline with his
old Legion, the Leonids?
The instant his thoughts reached this place, Blood Leopard’s
words from that morning came back to life in his ears: The
biggest risk for outing in the real is information leaked by a
“parent” or “child.”
“Ah!” Haruyuki cried out, snapping to attention, and Kuroyukihime turned surprised eyes on him. Staring at her face, he gave
voice to the idea welling up inside him. “Um…Kuroyukihime,
Taku’s parent was someone fairly high up in the Blue Legion, but
they’re already gone from the Accelerated World because of a
Judgment Blow, right?”
“Oh, mm-hmm. I believe the one who reported that to me was
you yourself. For the offense of distributing the backdoor program Takumu once used, that Burst Linker was beheaded by Blue
Knight, the Blue King. I remember finding that altogether natural, since Knight’s very fastidious about such things.”

“Right. But I’m pretty sure at the time, they didn’t know who
the first one to use the backdoor program was. In which case,
maybe they’re still alive and well in the Accelerated World.” He
broke off and squeezed Kuroyukihime’s hands tightly with his
own hooves before continuing. “The problem is…the guy who created the program and gave it to Taku’s parent, he maybe cracked
Taku’s parent in the real in the process. And if he did, it’s possible
his reach would extend to Taku, who was at the same school and
on the same kendo team.”
“That is a possibility, but it’s already been eight months since
that incident. If whoever it was intended to out Takumu in the
real, wouldn’t they have made some kind of move a long time
ago?” Kuroyukihime’s argument was exceedingly reasonable.
But Haruyuki slowly shook his head and announced in a trembling voice the only bit of information Kuroyukihime likely didn’t
know. “This morning, the reason Pard came to see me was to
warn me. She said Supernova Remnant, the worst of the PK
groups, might have their sights set on me.”
“What?!” Kuroyukihime’s eyes flew open, and she stretched
out her arms as if to cling to him.
Haruyuki focused on forcing his frozen mouth to move. “If…if
Taku faked sick to skip school and go to Shinjuku…and if those
Remnant guys found him and attacked him outside the view of
the cameras…” He blinked hard once. “Kuroyukihime, I have to
leave school early and go look for Taku! Even if they try to steal
his points with a direct duel, it’ll still take a fair bit of time to take
them all. If…in the worst case, he has been attacked by a PK, I
might still be in time if I go now—”
“You mustn’t!” She grabbed his shoulders as he stood up,
about to shout the “burst out” command. “It’s too dangerous for
you to leave school right now!”
“B-but Taku’s—! If he has Brain Burst force uninstalled, I—I

—!”
“Calm down, Haruyuki! We have to first confirm the situation!
He might really simply have caught a cold and be home in bed
right now!”
“But to check that, we have to go outside the school and connect globally…”
“Don’t worry about it. The fixed terminal here in the student
council office can connect to the global net if you make a request.
First, we’ll try to get in touch with Takumu using that line. If we
can’t connect with him, then…I will go to Shinjuku to look for
him. If I bow my head to Knight, he should at least mobilize his
subordinates for me.”
Surprised at these words from her, Haruyuki’s avatar froze.
The Blue King had been the sworn friend of the first-generation Red King, Red Rider. Haruyuki heard he had been incredibly
furious when the Black Lotus took the Red King’s head in a surprise attack. At the Meeting of the Seven Kings the other day, the
Blue King had maintained a calm demeanor, but deep down, he
had to still be hiding hard-to-control feelings toward Kuroyukihime.
If she went to him with a request to help a member of her own
Legion, Haruyuki very much doubted it would be taken care of by
her simply bowing her head. She would definitely be asked to pay
a price the help merited. Kuroyukihime was implying that she
was prepared even for that.
Having instantly grasped all this, Haruyuki forced himself to
hold strong against the urge to start running recklessly. He absolutely could not lose his cool here. Kuroyukihime’s hand still
pressing down on his shoulders, he let out a deep breath and nodded. “I—I understand. First, we’ll try to contact him.”

“Mmm. All right, then, let’s stop accelerating for the moment.”
They stood facing each other and shouted, “Burst out,” at the
same time. As soon as they returned to their real-world bodies,
Kuroyukihime pulled out the direct cable and ran over to the
work desk at the back of the student council office. She touched
the extremely thin panel monitor there and tapped her fingers
lightly along it. Bringing up the rear, Haruyuki stood next to her,
and she grabbed at the cable still dangling from his Neurolinker
and inserted the connector into a terminal embedded in the desk.
When she did, a system message to the effect that Haruyuki was
now connected globally scrolled past his eyes.
“You’re good.”
He nodded and moved his frozen mouth as fast as he possibly
could. “Command, voice call, number zero three.”
A calling icon immediately started flashing in his field of view.
At the very least, Takumu’s Neurolinker was online. If he was accelerating, though, message mode would answer, so Haru still
wouldn’t know whether Taku was being attacked by PKs—or if it
was all already over.
Sweat oozed from the palms of his hands, and he stared intently at the icon. It flashed five, six times…On the seventh time,
it picked up.
“T-Taku?” he said hoarsely, nearly crushed by an enormous
sense of dread. Whether he liked it or not, the conversation he
had had with Dusk Taker, aka Seiji Nomi, after the other boy lost
Brain Burst came back to life in the back of his mind. The first
thing he had done was look at Haruyuki—who he had met and
spoken with on any number of occasions—with an expression of
doubt, as if to say, Who’s this again…? Related memories were
erased together with total point loss, and Nomi hadn’t been able
to remember Haruyuki right away, given that the majority of
their interactions had been through the Accelerated World.

Of course, Haruyuki and Takumu were childhood friends; they
had known each other a long, long time before they both became
Burst Linkers. So even if he lost his memories of the Accelerated
World, he shouldn’t completely forget who Haruyuki was.
Haruyuki understood this, but he couldn’t help being afraid.
Takumu’s reply came a mere two seconds later, a span of time
that felt light years longer.
“Haru? What’s up?”
“Oh…um…”
His friend’s voice, complete with its totally normal, amiable
tone, echoed in Haruyuki’s brain. He almost staggered backward,
his relief was so great. “I-it’s just, it’s weird for you to miss school.
So I was wondering how you were feeling,” he replied awkwardly,
putting a hand on the desk.
“Sorry to make you worry. I’m fine. It’s nothing big.”
Listening very, very carefully to Takumu, he could actually
hear that his friend was not quite his usual lively self. But if he
was sick, then that was only natural. Haru got worried about the
cold again. “You have a fever? You gotta really rest. No moving
around. Are you at home right now?”
“Ha-ha! Of course I am. I’m not like you, Haru. I took some
medicine, and I’m resting like a good boy. I’ll never forget that
time when you had the flu ages ago, and you had a fever of thirtynine degrees, so me and Chii went to see you, and you were pretending to sleep but actually playing a full-dive game.”
“Well, you should forget that,” Haruyuki replied, and then,
just in case, instructed, “Stay away from duels, and just work on
getting better. After all, we have an important Legion mission
again tomorrow.”

And there was the slightest pause before Takumu replied,
“Yeah, I know. I’ll totally be better by tomorrow. It’s still lunch
break, isn’t it? Thank Master for me, too, for letting you use the
global connection.”
The person he referred to as “Master” was, of course, Kuroyukihime, the Legion Master of Nega Nebulus. In other words, this
made it certain that he hadn’t lost his memories of the Accelerated World or anything.
Haruyuki breathed a sigh of relief. “What, you figured it out?
Got it. I’ll tell her. Okay, see you tomorrow. Get better soon.”
Reluctant to make Takumu talk any longer when he could tell
his friend was exhausted, Haruyuki cut the connection there. He
lifted his face and turned to Kuroyukihime, next to him, with a
sheepish smile.
“Uh, um. It looks like Taku really is resting with a cold. I’m
sorry—this is all me jumping to the wrong conclusions.”
“No need to apologize.” Kuroyukihime shook her head with a
warm smile. “I’m just glad it was nothing. But…” Her expression
changed slightly, and when Haruyuki handed her the cable he
had pulled from his Neurolinker and the desk, she continued as
she put it away. “We can’t close our eyes to the fact that those
Remnant Linkers might be moving. At the very least, here in Suginami, I don’t think they’ll have such an easy time of finding you
or us in the real, but just in case, we should refuse standby duels
for a while. And even when it comes to challenging someone, it
would be better to refrain with opponents we don’t know very
well. After all, it’s not necessarily the case that your real can’t be
cracked from the position your avatar appears in.”
“Yeah. I’ll tell Chiyu and Taku.”
“Please. Well then, shall we have lunch? We should eat in the
lounge together from time to time.” She patted him on the shoul-

der, and Haruyuki nodded, his face softening finally. Kuroyukihime also smiled brightly, and added casually, “We have to thank
Blood Leopard for the information as well. In that case, perhaps
it wouldn’t be a bad idea to meet in the real. You, set that up for
us soon.”
“Okay…o-okay?” After he had already nodded in agreement,
he imagined just what the mood would be at such a meeting and
threw his whole upper body back with a start. “U-uh, I—I—I don’t
know about that?” A shrill tone slipped out as he trailed after
Kuroyukihime toward the door.
While they were having this back-and-forth, Haruyuki could
feel that the strange uneasiness still hadn’t completely left him,
perhaps because there had been a slight echo of something not
normal in Takumu’s voice. If he had a cold and was just feeling
sick, then that was only natural. But the weight in that voice, it
sounded less like poor physical condition and more like a sort of
emotional fluctuation. An instability that somehow made Haru
remember Takumu from a certain period the year before.
It was just his imagination. Takumu was now an unshakable
pillar supporting the Legion with his intellect and cool composure.
Reassuring himself with this thought, Haruyuki wiped the
slight sweat coming up from the palms of his hands onto his
pants once more and followed Kuroyukihime out of the student
council office. Instantly, his apprehensions grew distant at the
hustle and bustle of the lunch break that slammed up against him
and the smell of spices coming down the hall from the distant
cafeteria.
However…
A mere three hours later, Haruyuki was made aware of the fact
that his apprehensions had been qualitatively correct to a certain
extent. But quantitatively, they were wrong. The situation had al-

ready reached a point far beyond his or Kuroyukihime’s expectations.
The one bringing this directly to his attention was the
youngest member of the Legion, come to Umesato Junior High to
feed Hoo the northern white-faced owl after school: Utai Shinomiya.
After two afternoon classes, which gave him the chance to nicely
digest the curry he’d had for lunch with Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki
called, “I’ll mail later,” to Chiyuri on her way to practice and
slipped outside. Although up until a week earlier he had raced to
escape school and connect his Neurolinker globally so he could
devour net information instead of a snack, he couldn’t do that
now that he had been officially appointed the president of the Animal Care Club. That said, he was strangely not annoyed by it. In
fact, he could even believe he was looking forward to his club
work.
The sky above was cloudy as usual, but fortunately, there was
no rain in the forecast again today. He should be able to finally
bag up the mountain of leaves he had swept out of the animal
hutch and put them in the garbage.
He went around the second school building and came out in
the north yard at its back. Stepping along the mossy ground, he
set his sights on the natural wood hutch in the northwest corner.
The majority of the yard got no sunlight, but the school building
ended and became a low grove of trees to the south of the hutch,
allowing sunlight to reach in through the chicken wire.
There was no sign of anyone else at the hutch that came into
view in front of him. The Animal Care Club also consisted of a
boy, Hamajima, and a girl, Izeki, in the same grade as he was and
selected by drawing lots, but Haruyuki currently had their participation set to voluntary. He had decided that rather than force
them to work, it would be better to wait for them to join in of
their own volition. He expected to be waiting a fairly long time.

When he arrived at the hutch, the white-faced owl with the
rather cheap name of “Hoo” was taking a bath in the gold tray on
the floor. He spread his wings fairly wide and pitched forward,
sinking his chest up to his face in the shallow layer of water. He
soon pulled himself up again, folded in wet wings, and rubbed
them in tiny increments. Haruyuki couldn’t stop himself from
laughing at this mannerism, so like a person washing their body.
“Ha-ha! That looks like it feels good.”
When Haruyuki spoke to him, Hoo whirled his head around
and looked at his caretaker, a somehow awkward look coming
across his face. He shook his whole body fiercely and sent
droplets of water flying before taking off from the water. He
carved out several large circles in the hutch and then landed on
the left perch, apparently his preferred position, where he
promptly began to smooth down the feathers on his chest.
There was a pressure sensor in that branch that could measure
Hoo’s weight. Haruyuki manipulated his virtual desktop to open
the club business tab from the local net browser and display the
linked sensor value.
At that moment, a request window for an ad hoc connection
popped up in his field of view. Looking to his right, he saw a small
girl standing there smiling, clad in a snow-white dress-type uniform, brown backpack on her back.
“Oh. Hi, Me—I mean, Shinomiya.”
It was weird, but when he saw her like this in the real world,
he always accidentally almost called her by her duel avatar name,
and when they were in the Accelerated World, he almost called
her by her real name. On the verge of referring to her as “Mei,”
short for Ardor Maiden, but catching himself, Haruyuki tapped
the YES button with his right hand as he scratched his head with
his left.

The chat tool launched automatically, and Utai began to type
on her holokeyboard at her usual speed of ultra. UI> HELLO,
ARITA. HOW IS HOO’S WEIGHT, THEN?
“Oh! Um…It’s within normal range, but a little on the low
side?”
UI> IT IS IMMEDIATELY AFTER HIS LIVING ENVIRONMENT CHANGED, SO
THERE’S NO AVOIDING SOME AMOUNT OF STRESS. I BROUGHT A BIT ON THE
EXTRA SIDE FOR TODAY’S DINNER. DID YOU WANT TO WATCH THE FEEDING
FROM CLOSE UP?
“Y-yeah, totally!” he replied. Before he closed the browser window, he checked the club tab one more time. The only duty assigned by the system was normal cleaning of the hutch, with one
person required. He went through the motions of checking
Hamajima’s and Izeki’s names, but as expected, the status shown
for both of them was DEPARTED.
Swallowing a sigh, Haruyuki watched as Utai unlocked the
large electronic lock. Her small hand beckoned him over. They
opened the chicken wire door the barest minimum and hurried
inside.
After she shut the door and slid the inside lock closed, Utai
took off her backpack. She first pulled out a light-brown leather
gauntlet—no, glove. When she put it on, it covered her left arm up
to her elbow. She reached into her bag once more, this time taking out a small cooler. She popped it open with her left hand, and
he saw what appeared to be thin strips of raw meat inside.
Whoa, total bird-of-prey stuff.
As Haruyuki watched, impressed, Utai stood and held her left
hand up toward the perch. Hoo spread his wings, like he had
some kind of telepathic connection with her, and flapped them to
move to her hand. Reddish-gold eyes open in perfect circles, he
pushed his beak forward, practically telling her to hurry up.

Utai went to lean down to the cooler on the floor, so Haruyuki
hurriedly lifted it up and held it in both arms. Utai smiled and
plucked a strip of the dark-red meat from the cooler.
When she brought it near Hoo’s face, he quickly pecked at it
with his sharp beak and ate it, basically swallowing it whole. It
was utterly unlike pigeons or chickens pecking at food on the
ground. Haruyuki was once more impressed, while Utai offered
pieces of meat one after another to be promptly dispatched to
Hoo’s stomach. Although he wondered what kind of meat it was;
having never cooked in his life really, Haruyuki couldn’t tell just
by looking.
In no time at all, the cooler, which looked like it held a lot in
comparison with the owl’s twenty-centimeter body, was empty.
Utai stroked his face as if to say, That’s all, and Hoo moved his
head around, looking satisfied, before flying up to return to his
original branch.
After Utai took off the glove and accepted the cooler from
Haruyuki, she went outside the hutch and began to wash up with
the tap attached to the hutch. While she did, Haruyuki changed
the synthetic paper spread out around the perch. In the era when
the daily news had been delivered on paper media, they had apparently used the stuff, known as newspaper, for this purpose and
then thrown it away, but natural-fiber paper was now an expensive luxury item. He took turns with Utai, using running water to
wash off the paper mats dirtied with Hoo’s droppings and then
hanging them on the small hanger on the side of the hutch.
Once the job was finished, Haruyuki asked the question he
had been dying to for a while now. “Hey, Shinomiya? What kind
of meat was it you gave Hoo there?”
The fourth grader smiled and her hands flashed. UI> PLEASE
TRY TO GUESS.

“Huh? Umm, chicken?”

Utai pushed at a spot in the air with her fingertip; Bzzt!—the
sound of a wrong buzzer echoed in his hearing, the chat tool’s
sound function at work.
“O-okay, then, pork?”
Bzzt!
“What? It can’t be beef?”
Bzzt!
“L-lamb?”
Bzzt!
“It can’t be fish?”
Bzzt!
Here, Haruyuki threw up his hands in surrender.
Utai tapped out unexpected words, smiling somehow meaningfully as she did. UI> WELL THEN, TOMORROW I WILL SHOW YOU
FROM THE POINT OF DRESSING IT. A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF MENTAL DAMAGE
CAN BE EXPECTED, SO PLEASE PREPARE YOURSELF.

“Uh…dress?”
UI> NOW THEN, BEFORE IT GETS TOO LATE, SHALL WE TAKE CARE OF
THESE LEAVES? THEY APPEAR TO BE COMPLETELY DRIED. She grinned at
him once more, and unable to pursue the matter further, he nodded.
“Y-yeah. I’ll go get some garbage bags.” He began to trot off toward the toolshed in the courtyard as he glanced at the inside of
the hutch; the owl, belly full, had his eyes closed, seemingly
asleep in his usual pose: ear coverts down, standing on one leg.

The work to stuff the old leaves piled up in the yard into semitransparent garbage bags, the design of which had not changed in
who knew how many years, took nearly thirty minutes. If they
could have built an enormous bonfire and roasted sweet potatoes
and things over it—he had seen scenes like this in old movies and
manga—then it might have been a fun and delicious process, but
if a fire was set on school grounds, an alarm would sound, fleets
of emergency vehicles would swarm the place, and with no exaggeration, the fire starter would be arrested by the police. But even
before that, it was next to impossible for anyone underage to get
ahold of any kind of fire-starting device like a lighter. The gang
that had bullied Haruyuki so mercilessly the year before apparently never managed the Eternal Legend–level act of delinquency
of smoking on school grounds.
Thus, they had to drag the eight bags they had worked hard to
cram full of leaves over to the collection area in a corner of the
front yard. When this task was complete, the time was 4:20 PM.
“Phew. Finally cleaned all that up, huh…”
UI> THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK.
They looked at each other and smiled before washing their
hands in turn. And with that, the day’s duties were complete. He
had promised to go visit Takumu with Chiyuri, but her practice
usually ended around five, so he had a little time.
Just as he was wondering what he should do, Utai, having finished neatly drying her hands with a snow-white handkerchief,
cocked her head lightly to one side and clicked on space. Manipulating a window with her right hand, she tapped deftly at her keyboard with just her left. UI> IT’S A MAIL FROM FU. IT’S TAGGED AS URGENT, SO I APOLOGIZE, BUT I’LL JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO READ IT.
The “Fu” Utai spoke of was Fuko Kurasaki, aka Sky Raker. He
asked himself why she would be able to get an e-mail from Fuko,
who attended a high school in Shibuya Ward, while on school

grounds, before quickly answering his own question. When
Haruyuki’s Neurolinker was connected to the Umesato local net,
he was automatically disconnected from the global net, but Utai
was treated as a guest user of the Umesato net, so that restriction
didn’t apply. And because she used a brain implant chip for normal networking, even if she left her connection to the global net
open, she wouldn’t be registered on the Brain Burst matching list.
“S-sure, go ahead.” Haruyuki nodded, and Utai quickly opened
the mail and ran her eyes over it.
Instantly, her large eyes, irises tinged with a faint red, opened
as wide as they could. Her lips sucked in air as if gasping and
trembled lightly.
“Huh? Wh-what’s wrong?!” Stunned, Haruyuki took a step toward her.
The girl shifted the focus of her eyes from her virtual desktop
to Haruyuki and tapped at her keyboard with fingers that were
the slightest bit clumsy. UI> ARITA, DO YOU KNOW ABOUT SUPERNOVA
REMNANT, JUDGED TO BE THE WORST OF THE PK GROUPS?
“……!!” He did know them. To be more precise, it was only that
morning he had learned of them, but in the eight hours since,
that name had been burned into Haruyuki’s brain together with
an overwhelming terror. “Y-yeah…what about them?” he asked in
a hoarse voice, a very bad feeling crawling up his spine.
UI> THIS MORNING, FOUR HIGH-LEVEL BURST LINKERS ASSUMED TO
BE MEMBERS OF THIS REMNANT ATTACKED A LONE BURST LINKER IN THE
UNLIMITED NEUTRAL FIELD IN SHINJUKU WARD—
Haruyuki screwed up his face and stared at the cherry-colored
font scrolling across the window. It can’t be. No way. The
thought chased out all others as it whirled around in his brain.
It’s not Taku. I mean, Taku answered when I called at lunch and
everything. And he totally remembered me and Kuroyukihime,

didn’t he?
However, the several characters displayed in his field of view
in the next instant gave an even more enormous shock, throwing
him deeper into confusion.
UI> —AND APPARENTLY, THEY INSTEAD WERE COMPLETELY DESTROYED.

“Huh? D-destroyed?” Haruyuki parroted, dumbfounded, unable to grasp her meaning immediately. “Destroyed…So the worst
PK Remnant was…done in by one person…?”
UI> IT APPEARS THAT WAY. AT THE TIME, THERE WAS A LEGION CAMPING OUT NEARBY ON A LONG-TERM ENEMY HUNT. THE BATTLE EFFECTS
WERE SO VIOLENT THAT THEY NOTICED THE FIGHT AND WENT TO INVESTIGATE. WHILE THEY WATCHED, THE FOUR, WHO WERE ASSUMED TO HAVE
BEEN THE SIDE TO ATTACK FIRST, WERE KNOCKED DOWN ONE AFTER ANOTHER, AND WHEN THEY DIED, IT WAS APPARENTLY A FINAL DISAPPEARANCE. IN OTHER WORDS, THE FOUR BURST LINKERS AND THE LONE BURST
LINKER ARE THOUGHT TO HAVE WAGERED ALL THEIR POINTS ON A SUDDEN
DEATH DUEL CARD.

“Uh, um. So is it like this? The four members of Remnant attacked someone in the real, threatened them to get them to agree
to Sudden Death. But that someone fought back and brought
them all to total point loss in one go?”
UI> THAT WAS THE HYPOTHESIS FU ALSO NOTED.
“Wh-who on earth could turn things around like that? One of
the kings? A king used themselves as bait to call out Remnant and
finish them off?” That was as far as Haruyuki could manage to
guess.
But Utai, face still frozen, shook her head slowly from side to
side and tapped at the air with even more awkward fingers. UI>
NO. THIS LONE PERSON THE E NEMY-HUNTING LEGION SAW WAS A HEAVYWEIGHT CLASS WITH LIGHT-BLUE ARMOR, EQUIPPED WITH AN ENHANCED
ARMAMENT WITH PIERCING CHARACTERISTICS ON THE RIGHT HAND. HE
CARRIED THE LAST MEMBER OF THE GROUP HE WAS FIGHTING, SPEARED BY
THE STAKE IN HIS RIGHT HAND, OVER TO THE WITNESSES AND ANNOUNCED
THAT THIS BURST LINKER WAS A MEMBER OF SUPERNOVA REMNANT BEFORE STRIKING THE KILLING BLOW AND LEAVING THROUGH A PORTAL. FU
SAYS IT MIGHT BE

After a moment’s hesitation, she continued, and the final
words scrolled slowly before Haruyuki’s eyes.
UI> CYAN PILE.

8
Haruyuki ran.
He went out the school gates and turned east on Oume Kaido,
directly to the north. He often kept going in this direction on his
way home from school, all the way up to Kannana Street, but
right now at least, time was his top priority, and he went back the
opposite way along the road to school that cut diagonally through
a residential area.
Since the shortest route between Umesato Junior High and his
own condo was approximately 1.5 kilometers, running the whole
way nonstop was quite the trial for Haruyuki. However, just this
once, he felt practically none of the pain of the torture of being
made to run long distances in gym class. A fathomless impatience
spurring him on, he pulled air into his lungs one breath after another and kicked at the pavement.
A few seconds after he had been made aware of the content of
the urgent mail Fuko Kurasaki had sent to Utai Shinomiya,
Haruyuki had gone into action. First, he submitted the Animal
Care Club daily log to the in-school net and sent a mail to Chiyuri
Kurashima, who was still at practice, saying, “I’m going to head
over to see Takumu now.” Then he asked Utai to tell Kuroyukihime in the student council office what she had just told him, and
he himself had flown out the school gates.
“…Taku…why…what…” Between gasps for air, broken words
slipped out of his throat. The sweat pouring down from his forehead got in his eyes, and he wiped it away with clenched hands.
The information communicated by Fuko itself was not critical.

Because Takumu—Cyan Pile—had won the fight of one against
many and safely left the field. This was clear also from the fact
that he had actually answered the call Haruyuki made to him over
lunch.
But there was a “something” that happened before this situation arose. He had no doubt about that. Supposedly home in bed
with a cold, Takumu had crossed swords with a PK group in Shinjuku, an already abnormal situation. And there was one other
mystery that he didn’t want to think about but couldn’t ignore, either.
How did he win?
Cyan Pile was currently at level five, just like Silver Crow.
While he couldn’t be called a newbie, he wasn’t exactly a veteran,
either. In contrast, the members of Remnant all had to be level
six at least, given that they were described as “high level.” A perfect victory taking on four such Enemies at the same time—and in
the Unlimited Neutral Field, where anything could happen—
would have been absolutely impossible, for Haruyuki at least.
Of course, he could definitely vouch for Takumu’s physical attack abilities, and he simply could not compete with his friend’s
cool or his resourcefulness. Still, slaughtering four Burst Linkers
at a higher level than he was and all at the same time was not normal. After all, Kuroyukihime herself had said that she had once
fought five kings, all the same level as she was, and had not been
able to bring down even one of them.
“Something.” An abnormal “something” that Haruyuki
couldn’t begin to imagine was distorting the rules of the game.
And he was sure it was still around. Takumu’s voice during the
call at lunch had held the faintest hint of a hollowness. That was
probably not because he had a fever.
“…Taku…”

When he turned left onto Kannana from the path along the elevated Chuo Line, the familiar figure of his destination appeared,
the multiuse skyscraper condo.
Best friends. Not that bond. That at least should still not be
lost. At the same time as he sent up this fervent prayer, Haruyuki
also understood, whether he wanted to or not, that the fact that
he’d run so desperately all the way here was proof that he had unconsciously felt that at that moment, even that bond was rocked,
unstable.
The condo that Haruyuki, Chiyuri, and Takumu lived in was a
combined facility, with a large shopping mall taking up the space
from the basement to the third floor. Although the mall, which
housed all kinds of shops handling groceries and daily necessities, clothing, and electronics, and even a cinema complex—albeit
a midsized one—increased the added value of the condos, naturally, it wasn’t only residents who came to shop there. Thus, a
strict security gate stood in the area that was the boundary between mall and condo. If even residents, much less visitors, were
not recognized by the biometrics in their Neurolinkers, they could
not pass.
At the gate before the elevator hall, Haruyuki waited impatiently for the few seconds it took for the indicator displayed in
his field of view to change to green. The instant the metal bar
bounced up, he dashed through and blocked an elevator door that
was about to close with his body before jumping inside. A housewife who apparently lived there frowned, but he simply bowed
lightly and turned to face forward.
Haruyuki’s apartment was on the twenty-third floor of the
eastern B wing, and Chiyuri’s was on the twenty-first floor of the
same B wing, but Takumu lived on the nineteenth floor of the A
wing, built separately to the west. Haruyuki naturally got into the
A-wing elevator, and as he listened to the somehow slightly different sound of the motor, he stared at the ever-increasing floor

display, willing it to go faster.
When he was little, no sooner had he set down his backpack
after coming home from school every day than he was flying out
of the house to play until dark in the amusement area of the mall
or at a park nearby. When they went home, stomachs rumbling
with hunger, the three of them would wave at one another on the
first floor of the mall, and Haruyuki and Chiyuri would head toward the B-wing elevator hall on the right, while Takumu went
over to the A-wing hall to the left. If he had turned around in
front of the security gate, Takumu’s eyes would have seen the
backs of Haruyuki and Chiyuri running for the elevator.
What had he felt then?
What if whatever it was that had been building up in his heart
over the years had made him decide to confess his crush on
Chiyuri just a little early, when he was still in fifth grade?
It was in the evening of a cold, cold day, when the first snow
fell, a little slushy.
Naturally, their usual outdoor fun had been called off, and
Haruyuki was playing video games by himself at home. The doorbell rang, his full dive was automatically canceled, and when he
sullenly opened the door, Chiyuri was on the other side of it.
Cocking his head to one side at his childhood friend, who didn’t
look like her usual self, Haruyuki showed her to his room. She sat
down on the bed, and then after a brief silence, she announced it
finally in a thin voice.
That Takumu had told her he liked her. And that she didn’t
know what to do about it.
There was no way that eleven-year-old Haruyuki could know,
either. As he stared at the dumbfounded Chiyuri’s profile, listening with equal parts surprise and confusion, he was intuitively
certain of one thing at least. If Chiyuri turned Takumu down, he

would pull away. They would lose their time together after school,
so filled with golden light, and they’d never get it back.
When Chiyuri asked him what he thought she should do, a
helpless look on her face, Haruyuki replied, half reflexively, “You
and Taku’d go good together. And I won’t stop being your friend
even if you guys start dating.”
Chiyuri hung her head deeply and wiped at the corner of her
eye with her hand before lifting her face and smiling with a
“Right, got it.”
In the end, however, Haruyuki’s words turned out to be a lie.
He distanced himself little by little from the new couple, Chiyuri
and Takumu, and by summer vacation of sixth grade, the three of
them almost never hung out together anymore.
When they were moving up to junior high, Takumu apparently
recommended that Chiyuri take the test for the same school in
Shinjuku as he had. But she had made her decision long ago and
chose Umesato Junior High, which was so close to home.
She was probably trying to at least maintain the circular shape
of the ring the three of them made, which was starting to break.
However, this declaration of intent chased Takumu further away.
He tried to get the power to secure his connection with Chiyuri
through Brain Burst, given to him by the captain of his kendo
team. Although he had managed the brilliant accomplishments of
the top grades in his year and winning the municipal kendo tournament through the power of acceleration, the burst points he
needed to maintain this status dried up, and he succumbed to the
temptation of a forbidden cheat tool, the backdoor program.
Once he set up the program in Chiyuri’s Neurolinker by directing with her, he used her as a stepping-stone to infiltrate the
Umesato local net, found the name Black Lotus there, the Burst
Linker with the largest bounty in the Accelerated World, and
tried to hunt her. And then…

The elevator came to a stop with a gentle sense of deceleration,
and Haruyuki lifted his gaze from the floor. On the other side of a
holotag indicating that this was the nineteenth floor, the door
opened. The legs that had so earnestly raced all the way to the
condo felt heavy now for some reason. Spurred on by the apparently intentional cough of the woman behind him, he stepped out
into the hallway just as the door was about to close.
He knew Takumu’s apartment was number 1909, but he could
count on his fingers the number of times he had visited it.
Takumu’s parents were very passionate about the education of
their only son, and they never looked pleased when his friends
came over to play. When Takumu decided to transfer from the famous school he was attending in Shinjuku to Umesato Junior
High this year, they had apparently made quite a fuss. For
Haruyuki, the very person who had seduced their son away (or so
he assumed they thought), this raised the barrier to entry in this
apartment even higher than it had been in the past, but fortunately, both of Takumu’s parents worked, and they shouldn’t be
home for a while yet.
He had walked only a few meters when the name plate
MAYUZUMI leapt into his field of view, altogether sooner than he
remembered it being. Standing in front of the door, a different
color from those in the B wing, Haruyuki drew the curtain on his
interrupted thoughts.
A lot of stuff’s happened, and I’ve made a ton of mistakes. But
in that fight in the Purgatory stage, me and Taku got to come up
against each other’s true feelings, putting it all out there in our
fists. That time was probably when we finally became true
friends. No matter what happens, that fact alone can never
change.
Taking a deep breath, he raised his right hand and touched the
call button displayed in his view.
After a slightly long wait, the voice that answered was indeed

not that of a parent, but Takumu himself. “Come on in. Sorry, but
can you just come straight to my room?”
He had likely confirmed that it was Haruyuki with the camera
embedded in the door, but even so, he spoke as though he had almost been expecting this visit, and the door was unlocked.
Haruyuki pulled on the door handle, muttered, “I’m coming in,”
and crossed the threshold into the entryway.
He took off his sneakers, lined them up neatly, and stepped up
into the hallway. He advanced, following a distant memory, and
knocked on the second door on the right. After hearing a real
voice from inside tell him to come in, he turned the knob.
The lights had been dimmed, and only the dusk light coming
in through the west-facing window weakly illuminated the room.
Takumu, in jeans and a jersey shirt with three-quarter-length
sleeves, turned toward Haruyuki from where he was seated on
the bed, a small smile on his face, half sunk in shadow.
“Hey, Haru. Don’t just stand there, sit down.”
“Oh, right.”
Haruyuki stepped awkwardly into the room. Some of the furniture was the same as it had been when they were in elementary
school; some of it was new. However, two things were unchanged: there were overwhelmingly fewer things than in
Haruyuki’s own room, and it was neatly tidied. He cut across the
blue-gray carpeted floor and set his bag down before sitting down
about eighty centimeters to Takumu’s right. The folding bed
creaked, and the very springy mattress sank down nearly halfway.
He had run all this way, spurred on by an impulse, but now
that they were face-to-face, he didn’t know how to get the conversation started.
Takumu hung his head once more, left hand on his right arm

and both on his knees; he looked different somehow from when
they had said good-bye at Haruyuki’s the day before. He was certain of it. But the information he was getting was too complicated, and Haruyuki almost couldn’t grasp the situation he had
been put in now.
After sitting in silence for nearly ten seconds, Haruyuki finally
remembered that he had originally been planning to come and
pay a visit to the sick Takumu. “Uh, so, like…You were sick with a
cold today, so…how are you feeling?”
“Ohh…Right, that’s right.” Takumu laughed softly, and
shrugged his shoulders lightly. “It’s true I had a bit of a fever this
morning. Otherwise, there’s no way my parents would’ve let me
stay home from school. But I’m fine. I took the medicine the doctor gave me, and my fever went down.”
“You went to the doctor?” In which case, maybe Haru was
leaping to conclusions?
No, it was a fact that this afternoon, a lone Burst Linker had
destroyed the PK group Supernova Remnant. But maybe that had
been someone else who just looked like Cyan Pile. After all, if
Takumu was getting checked out at the doctor at that time, he
wouldn’t have been attacked in Shinjuku—
“Yeah. The doctor where we can use my dad’s insurance is in
Shinjuku, right? I got a ride over there this morning.” Takumu’s
words cut off Haruyuki’s half-hopeful thoughts.
“Sh-Shinjuku?” Haruyuki repeated tensely.
“The exam itself was over pretty quick, right?” Takumu’s evercalm voice reached Haru’s ears in reply. “My cold wasn’t such a
big deal, and since I’d gone all the way over there, I figured I’d
gather some info in the Shinjuku area. I mailed a member of the
Blue Legion I used to be pretty friendly with way back when. Of
course, we weren’t so friendly we met in the real or anything. We

decided to meet up on the local net of a little arcade near the station…I never dreamed he’d sell me out to a PK group.”
Haruyuki stared, dumbfounded, at the shadowed profile of
Takumu as he laughed softly.
Curling forward farther and tightening the hand that gripped
his right arm, Haruyuki’s best friend continued, voice gradually
growing lower. “Somehow those PK guys got the real info of the
Burst Linker who was my parent, and following that lead, they
narrowed down students who could be candidates for Cyan Pile.
These four guys—they looked really rough—they shoved me into a
group dive booth at the arcade and told me to choose one or the
other, flashing this knife that looked like a toy. Either have my
points carved away bit by bit in a direct duel or die once and end
it all in the Unlimited Neutral Field. They seemed really shady,
like they would really use that knife if I fought back.” Takumu’s
shoulders shook as he laughed. His voice contained a faint echo
of a distortion Haruyuki remembered hearing somewhere, sometime before.
“Naturally, I chose the Unlimited Neutral Field with all its irregularities. But as befits anyone with the title of ‘worst PK,’ all of
them were way above me in strategy and ability. I struggled desperately while they tortured me mercilessly and tried to kill me—”
“Incarnate?” Haruyuki interjected hoarsely, no longer able to
stand just sitting there and listening to the chill-inducing monologue. “Did you beat them back with the power of the Incarnate
System? I—I mean, I’m not blaming you or anything. I’d probably
use it without even hesitating in that situation.”
But Takumu shook his head slowly. “Naturally, I used it right
away. But they were masters of Incarnate use. My baby power expansion Cyan Blade was useless against their negative will.”
“So then…how…? How did you annihilate Supernova Remnant?”

Haruyuki’s question sank heavily to the bottom of the small
room colored with twilight.
It was a dry recollection that came via a long-ish silence and
one that didn’t end up directly answering the question. “I caught
a cold because last night, I lied to my parents that I was going to
go observe a cram school where I could prep for high school, and
I went for a walk. My parents don’t trust the full-dive long-distance lessons, so they’ve been bugging me for a while to go to a
real cram school. I headed for the so-called empty area in the
south of Setagaya, but it was kind of drizzling there, so…”
Having listened silently, and somewhat confusedly, to Takumu
up to that point, a chill ran up Haruyuki’s spine. “The empty area
in Setagaya,” he repeated in a hoarse voice. Very recently, someone else had referred to that place. Right. He was sure Ash Roller
from the Green Legion had mentioned it the previous morning in
their closed duel. He had said there was a rumor his little brother
Burst Linker, Bush Utan, and Bush Utan’s partner, Olive Grab,
had used some strange power and won in the empty areas of Setagaya and Ota.
And it had been Haruyuki himself who had given Takumu that
information. Yesterday, after everyone in the Legion had gone
home, he had asked Takumu to stay and talk. About the mysterious Enhanced Armament silently spreading through the Accelerated World, the ISS kit. And he would have told Takumu at the
same time that the infection was progressing mainly in the Setagaya, Ota, and Edogawa areas.
So then, after that, Takumu had gone home briefly before
going out again and heading for Setagaya by himself. He had indeed said when they parted that he would use his own tricks to
get some information. But still, why would he suddenly do something as reckless as going off by himself into a danger zone like
that…?
Haruyuki twisted his upper body to behold his friend and

opened stunned eyes wide.
As if trying to escape his gaze, Takumu hung his head even farther. From his mouth, hidden behind the line of his strong shoulder, an endlessly calm and yet almost inflectionless voice spilled
out. “I just wanted to see it with my own eyes. Whether or not this
Enhanced Armament really existed, something that broke even
the absolute limits, the basic principle of the Accelerated World
that Scarlet Rain taught me; you absolutely can’t gain power that
goes against your avatar’s attributes.”
“…Taku…”
“Haru, I’ll say this because it’s you. My duel avatar Cyan Pile is
unfortunately a failure. Like a build error in those online RPG
games you always used to play.”
Haruyuki immediately started to open his mouth the instant
he heard this matter-of-fact statement, but Takumu moved his
left hand slightly to dismiss his objections. “I’m not sitting here
crying over it or anything. After all, I’m the one who made Pile
like that. That avatar was generated as a fairly pure close-range
type, but then more than half its potential was poured into a longdistance Enhanced Armament. I explained it before as being because of the trauma that caused me to excessively fear piercing
attacks, even though I’m a kendo player, but…but I’m sure that’s
not the whole story.”
At some point, Takumu’s profile had fallen completely into
shadow as he continued speaking, face turned to the ground, and
Haruyuki could no longer see his expression. Even though it was
June, the air that filled the room was cold and dry, and it stung
his lungs.
Takumu’s voice grew gradually hoarser and lower. “This is just
my own personal theory, okay? The mental scars that are the
mold for a duel avatar—the strongest memories and emotions
linked with them…I feel like people who are turned vaguely to-

ward the whole world tend to end up red types. And the people
who have those emotions focused on a clear target end up blue
types. In which case, Cyan Pile’s base form without a doubt includes my desire for revenge against the older students in kendo
class who bullied me so harshly when I was in elementary school.
But when I really think about it, there were people back then who
were even more important to me and for a lot longer…you and
Chii. There’s no way my feelings for the two of you wouldn’t be a
source for my duel avatar.”
Here, Haruyuki finally managed to push a few words out of his
completely dry throat. “That…I mean, it was like that for me. I
mean, inside me—Silver Crow is full of feelings for you and
Chiyu.”
“Yeah. I guess so, huh, Haru? But the thing is…unlike you,
born without a weapon, I was born equipped with that sharp iron
spike, Pile Driver. The power of the contradiction of being closerange and also long-distance…That’s because my feelings toward
you guys are full of contradictions. And what those are…I won’t
say right now. But…” Takumu abruptly sat up and turned his face
slightly toward Haruyuki, leaving it still half-colored with
shadow. “But I’m pretty sure that feeling is why I suddenly told
Chii I liked her three years ago. Almost like I was testing you two.
No, not just that. The fact that I set up the backdoor program in
Chii’s Neurolinker last year, the fact that I could was because of
that, too. Half of me wanted to keep the circle of the three of us,
while the other half wanted to destroy it. Always. Just me alone.
And that contradiction distorted my duel avatar.”
“…T-Taku…” His best friend had just made a confession as if
spitting up blood, but all Haruyuki could do was say his name.
With a look somewhere between crying and laughing on his
face, Takumu pushed on, his voice cracking. “Haru, have you ever
thought about why Chii’s Lime Bell was born with that power, the
seriously real power to turn back time? I’m sure…it’s proof that in
the bottom of her heart, she wishes we could go back to how it

used to be. Back to when we used to play every day until it got
dark outside…And I’m the one who gave Chii that sad wish. I’m
the one who destroyed this circle of the three of us she wanted to
last forever. And I did it twice.”
Takumu turned his whole body and sidled up to Haruyuki.
Haruyuki could only stare wordlessly at the faint dampness of his
best friend’s eyes behind the frameless glasses.
“I thought I could make up for it. We were miraculously given
this new circle, Nega Nebulus, and I thought that supporting and
protecting that with everything I had was the final penance I
could do. But…Cyan Pile is the realization not of a simple wish,
like your avatar or Chii’s, but rather a distortion…I just know that
at some point it’s going to be the Legion’s weak point. No, it’s already becoming that. So…before that happened, I thought maybe
it’d be better to disappear…so I…”
“…So you what?” Haruyuki opened his mouth, unable to stand
listening to any more of Takumu’s heart-piercing words. In a
whisper, he hazarded the guess that had been steadily approaching certainty as they spoke. “So you went looking for an ISS kit?”
A few seconds later, a feeble smile rose up on Takumu’s lips,
and he nodded gently. “Yeah. In Setagaya area three, I waited for
a long time in duel standby mode until a Burst Linker finally
challenged me…After they made me switch to closed mode, they
told me, if I wanted, they’d share the power. But it’s not like I was
just looking for power right from the start. The ISS kit was sealed
in an item card at first, like a lot of unused Enhanced Armament.
So I thought I’d save it in my storage and have Master and the
others analyze it at the next Legion meeting. But…when I was attacked in the real this morning by those Remnant guys…I was
useless against four opponents. So I made up my mind. If I was
going to be taken out, then that had to be better…”
An expression so appalling it almost took his breath away flitted across Takumu’s well-ordered face. As his trembling lips

formed a self-deprecating smile, he spat out in a husky voice, “Before I knew it, I was shouting the command to activate the ISS kit
I’d been taught. And from there…To be honest, I don’t really remember. Just…The one thing I’m sure of is that I didn’t just defeat those guys. Ten times—no, a hundred times more horrible,
crueler than what they did to me, I tormented them, I tortured
them, I slaughtered them. I kept the last one just barely alive and
carried him over to where I saw this Enemy-hunting party off in
the distance. I made him spit out everything about the PKs, and
then I finished him off…The Burst Linkers watching were more
afraid of me than them.”
“Heh-heh.” Chuckling dryly, Takumu moved even closer to
Haruyuki. His smile twisted. An almost soundless voice traveled
the extremely short distance to Haruyuki’s ears. “Haru. I got it
wrong again. And all I wanted…was for Chii to be able to keep
smiling for a little longer at least…or that’s what I thought, but…”
“Wh-what are you talking about, Taku? You…you only used
the kit once, right? As long as you don’t equip it again…Or if you
just get rid of it in the shop, then,” Haruyuki said earnestly, but
Takumu shook his head quickly back and forth.
“You can’t get rid of it,” he replied like a groan. “Once you
equip it, it disappears from your storage and fuses with your
avatar. No, not just that…It’s almost…almost like it’s gotten into
myself in the real world even…” Takumu broke off and abruptly
stretched out his left hand to grab Haruyuki’s right shoulder
tightly.
“T-Taku?” Haruyuki called his friend’s name in a hoarse voice,
but Takumu didn’t reply; he simply tightened his grip.
Unable to completely support the weight of the larger
Takumu, Haru fell back onto the bed. But the hand on his shoulder didn’t go away. He opened both eyes wide and tried to get up,
but with the taller and more muscular Takumu pushing him back,
it was impossible.

Takumu leaned over directly above Haruyuki, as if he was
about to crawl on top of him. “Haru, destroy me,” he said, sounding weaker and more helpless than ever before.
“Huh?”
“Please…wreck me. If you don’t, I’m…I already can’t properly
remember what I wanted, even, what I wished for…”
At some point, Takumu’s right hand had come to hold a thin
black line. About a meter long—an XSB cable.
Still holding Haruyuki’s right shoulder down with his left
hand, Takumu first plugged it into his own blue Neurolinker.
Next, he slid the cable between sturdy yet lithe fingers and
grabbed the plug on the opposite end. He brought this toward the
direct terminal on Haruyuki’s Neurolinker.
With the slight sensation of pressure, the crimson wired connection warning blinked in Haruyuki’s field of view and then disappeared.
Takumu’s trembling lips took in air to shout the acceleration
command.
Before the single drop spilling out of the corner of Haruyuki’s
left eye could fall onto his cheek, the thunderous roar of acceleration echoed in his ears, and the world went dark.

9
Although it also depended on the attributes of the stage, the Brain
Burst program generally made duelers appear a minimum of ten
meters apart at the start of a duel, even if they might be glued together in the real world. Thus, when Haruyuki came down to
stand on the virtual stage as Silver Crow, a duel avatar with silver
armor, the figure of his good friend was not immediately before
him.
At his feet was scorched, cracked concrete. The walls of the
condo were all gone, and only thick pillars with carbonized surfaces supported the floors above and below. The wall behind him
was completely transparent, and he could look out on the streets
of north Koenji, soot-stained as though ravaged by super-hightemperature flames.
A Scorched-Earth stage. All the terrain was more brittle than
that of a Twilight stage, but smashing it didn’t charge special-attack gauges by any real amount. Without even any objects or critters that could be incorporated into a battle strategy, it was truly
a barren world.
Having checked the attributes of the stage right off the bat, as
his Burst Linker instincts compelled him to do even in this situation, he turned his gaze forward once more.
Ten meters away stood a large silhouette, arms dangling by his
sides, head hanging limply. The armor that encased the sturdy
limbs was a light blue of a slightly low saturation. A face mask
with several rows of narrow, horizontal slits. And equipped from
the elbow of his right arm, an Enhanced Armament in the shape
of a gun barrel—Pile Driver.

It was a figure he had seen countless times, first as an Enemy,
and then as his partner on the front line in the Legion. But there
was no way Haruyuki could not notice the unfamiliar air of intimidation emanating from the heavyweight avatar now. Just going
by size alone, there were more than a few duel avatars larger,
starting with Frost Horn. This highly concentrated power, however, was likely head and shoulders above any other avatar. At the
very least, Haruyuki couldn’t feel any kind of weakness stemming
from the contradiction between the attributes of the main body
and the Enhanced Armament, as Takumu had assessed himself
earlier.
Haruyuki took a deep breath beneath his silver mask and,
steeling himself, took a step toward Takumu—Cyan Pile. “Taku.”
Normally, calling an opponent by their real name within the
duel, even if it was a nickname, was taboo, but this was a direct
duel, and there wasn’t a single person in the Gallery. Which was
why Haruyuki dared to use the same name he did in the real
world and let his confused thoughts simply spill out of him.
“Taku. What…Why do we have to fight? I know your strength better than anyone. We don’t need to test it now, after all this time
—”
“No, Haru,” Takumu interrupted, standing off in the shadows
and moving his head slowly from side to side. “What you know so
well is not my strength but my limits…In the Suzaku mission yesterday…and the final battle with Dusk Taker…and the mission to
subjugate the Armor of Catastrophe, I couldn’t even manage to
stand by your side right up until the end, could I?” His voice was
dispassionate, without even a hint of self-deprecation. But
Haruyuki faintly felt the existence of something pushed deep
down, whirling around, seeking release. “After all this time, I
have no intention of denying the principle of same level, same potential. You and I have been the same level all this time, almost
six months now. So I’m sure there isn’t too huge a difference in
the abilities of our duel avatars. What’s missing is not the avatar’s
strength but that of the Burst Linker himself. The strength of

your heart to grit your teeth and stand up, no matter what the crisis, no matter how big a difference there is between you and your
opponent’s battle abilities…I don’t have that in me. That’s right. I
see it. I’ve always been jealous of you. Of you in that form, the realization of a wish almost too pure; of hope, that power, the way
you defy the impossible…”
Takumu moved his left hand and grabbed the Enhanced Armament of his right hand, a gesture uncomfortably like the way
he had sat on the bed in the real world mere minutes earlier.
Once again, a low, suppressed voice. “That ‘darkness’…The ISS
kit pushes into gaps like this in your heart and puts down roots.
It’s not a simple Enhanced Armament. It’s pure negative will
made into an object somehow. It pollutes the heart of the wearer
and overwrites it. And then it eats negative feelings and grows
and multiplies…Haru, I’m already…I can’t tell myself anymore…
how much of this black feeling is my own…and how much of it is
induced by that thing,” he finished, almost groaning.
Haruyuki was sure he saw a weak, shadowy aura momentarily
envelop Takumu’s entire body. Clenching both hands into tight
fists, he took another step forward.
It was no illusion anymore; he felt an intense pressure blowing
coldly up against the front of his avatar. Never before had Cyan
Pile given off this kind of power. In a certain sense, Takumu was
indeed no longer the him he had been before. Haruyuki recognized this, but he still faced the boy the same age as him, the boy
who had to be his best friend still, and held nothing back.
“Taku…I’m sorry.” Rather than thinking, he let the feelings
filling his heart become words and spill out. That way, at least, he
couldn’t lie to Takumu. “All this stuff you’re thinking about, all
the stuff that’s weighing you down, I basically didn’t even try to
understand it. I just thought you’re always so cool, always so
calm, you’re never shaken, you’re always supporting me. But…I
didn’t want to see. I mean, you had to have something…You were

aiming for yourself…”
He cut himself off for a moment and turned clenched fists toward Takumu.
“But, okay? I’m just gonna say this. Taku, you…you’re my
hero, my goal. Ever since I can remember, I’ve wanted to be like
you. Before, you were talking like your power wasn’t enough, so
you gave in to the temptation of the ISS kit, but that totally can’t
have been it. I believe that no matter how dire the situation, you
can get through it with your own power.”
He took a deep breath and put every ounce of feeling he had
into his eyes and his fists. “So that’s why…I’ll fight you now to
show you that. I’ll go up against you with everything I’ve got.”
Exactly.
Once you accelerate to the battlefield, all that’s left is to simply
duel wholeheartedly. All the answers lived there. That had been
the first teaching of the person he loved and respected more than
anyone else.
As if feeling the heart coming from Haruyuki’s fists, Takumu
lifted his head. Beneath the slits cut into his face mask, sharply
shaped eyes flashed bluish white.
Slowly, Haruyuki stretched his fingers out from tightly
clenched fists. His tapered fingers drew out a straight line like a
sword. The clear metallic hum of vibration was accompanied by a
glittering silver shooting up over the tip of this sword. The light
extended about fifteen centimeters from his fingertips and made
the virtual air shudder. Haruyuki’s Incarnate attack, Laser Sword.
“Full throttle right from the start. Taku! Come at me with
everything you’ve got!”
As if in response to Haruyuki’s call, Takumu also wordlessly

raised the Enhanced Armament of his right arm. He slid the left
hand pressing down around his biceps and grabbed on to the iron
spike peeking out from the barrel. Which was immediately followed by the attack name, quietly: “Cyan Blade.”
Gashkt! The pile was shot forward violently. Impressively,
Takumu caught the momentary flash of light like lightning in his
left hand and carved a pale arc out in the sky. At the same time,
the Enhanced Armament of his right arm disassembled, and his
free right hand also wrapped itself around the light, stopping it
precisely on the median line. Appearing from within the scattering light was a large, close-range weapon with a blue blade, enveloped in an aura of the same color—the Incarnate sword
Takumu had made materialize through his training with the Red
King.
Bathed in the red twilight, the two friends stared at each other
for a while, standing on the scorched floor.
The time counter in the top of his field of view, which had
started at eighteen hundred seconds, was already cut down to fifteen hundred. Twenty-five minutes left. But if they were both exchanging Incarnate attacks right from the start, the battle would
likely be decided in less than half that time.
In exactly the same magnificent, upright pose as when he
clutched a bamboo shinai sword in kendo, Takumu readied the
sword at midlevel with both hands. There wasn’t a hint of an
opening in that stance. But Haruyuki had already decided it
would be hard for him to get in the first blow. Going from Silver
Crow’s abilities, his usual strategy was to be on the defensive for
the first half and build up his special-attack gauge to then attack
in the second half and finish it in one go from the sky, but in this
fight, there was no need for such shrewd calculations. This wasn’t
about his average win score. The do-or-die contest here was the
soul of a Burst Linker, to simply burn the flames of his heart
wholeheartedly and give it everything he had. Throw cleverness
to the dogs, as she had once resolutely declared.

Gradually dropping his hips, he pulled the light sword of his
right hand up behind him. The tension filling the space increased
geometrically, and tiny sparks bounced off the air itself.
“Ngaaaaah!” Haruyuki kicked at the ground as hard as he
could. In an instant, he had closed the mere ten meters between
them. He concentrated the momentum of the dash and the torsion of his entire body in the tip of his right hand and layered on
it the light speed of his imagination.
Shweeeenk! Together with a high-pitched, crisp sound, the
Laser Sword extended more than a meter and struck at Cyan
Pile’s left shoulder. Since Haruyuki’s technique belonged to the
range expansion category of the four basic types of Incarnate, its
special characteristic was that the blade only stretched out at
super speeds when he was attacking or defending.
Thus, the person facing off against him had an extremely hard
time reading the distance between them. Even Dusk Taker hadn’t
been able to see the tip at first sight.
However…
Takumu shifted the angle of the blade in his hands the slightest bit and wonderfully caught the irregular track of Haruyuki’s
slash from above and to the right. The high-pitched screech of
impact echoed throughout the stage, and beams of silver and blue
light scattered. The swords shrieked as they slid along each other,
and in the blink of an eye, Haruyuki’s blade, once on top, had
been pushed down below.
“Ngh!” He lifted his left hand reflexively at the terrific pressure. A sword of light stretched out from this one as well, and he
crossed this to make an X with his right hand—an attempt to double his resistance to Takumu’s two-handed sword.
But he was able to compete for only a mere half second. As
soon as the blue aura of the two-handed sword spread up the

sturdy arms, the weight of the blade doubled instantly. Takumu’s
experience—the countless times he had locked swords and
pushed with his whole body like this in kendo practice and tournaments—strengthened his imagination. Exposed to extreme
pressure, Silver Crow’s elbow and knee joints creaked and
squealed, orange sparks dancing up.
Using all of the modest gain in his special-attack gauge he had
gotten in exchange for the few pixels of damage carved out of his
HP gauge, Haruyuki momentarily flapped the wings on his back.
He pushed back slightly at the blue blade with the thrust this generated and used the reaction force to race backward. He put some
distance between them and once again faced his opponent.

Not having moved a step from his starting point still, Takumu
readied his sword at midlevel and murmured, “Haru, you have
absolutely zero chance of winning in a stupid straight-up contest
of strength. What I want isn’t that kind of fight.”
“Yeah, I know.” Nodding, Haruyuki casually raised the sword
of his right hand. “That was just me saying hello. Next, I’ll show
you the power and technique of me.” Admittedly, this was a bit of
bravado, but it was at the same time an accelerant to cheer himself up.
Takumu’s sword handling was backed by his skill and talent in
the kendo that he had spent nearly six years practicing. Even if
Haruyuki had challenged him to a normal contest, he wouldn’t
have had a hope of winning if each of them had been gripping shinai in the real world, much less sword against sword in the Accelerated World.
But Haruyuki now had a technique for changing the attacks of
a more powerful opponent into his own strength.
Guard reversal—the “way of the flexible” Kuroyukihime had
shown him through her own actions, and which he had been
practicing ever since—a high-level technique to pull an opponent’s attack into your own movements, blend with it, and release
it, rather than crash up against it or repel it.
Haruyuki guessed that to some minute and curious extent, the
Incarnate System was at work when he used this technique. It
wasn’t so strong that it generated a visible aura—an overlay—but
it did influence reality through the imagination, operating only on
the trajectory of the attack power.
In which case, he had to have faith in this important point. It
was paradoxical, but he believed in his Enemy’s attack and accepted it. If he simply met it with hostility, he couldn’t create the
image of fusing with it. He wasn’t trying to aggressively repel the

attack; he only wanted to gently follow along with it. Which was
why this was the way of the flexible.
Only ten days had passed since Haruyuki started practicing
this technique. He had barely used it in actual battle—only a few
times, including the fight with Bush Utan. And it went without
saying that this was the first time he was trying it with a swordsman, and in an Incarnate fight. But he had promised to go up
against Takumu with everything he had. He couldn’t allow himself to hold back or make any excuses here.
After taking a deep breath and then expelling it, Haruyuki contracted the sword of light housed in his right hand until it was
just the overlay covering his five fingers.
Takumu’s eyes narrowed sharply beneath the slits. But he
seemed to take this to mean that Haruyuki was throwing in the
towel; the glittering aura around his right hand condensed and
grew stronger.
“Here I come, Taku!”
“Bring it, Haru!” Takumu’s reply to Haruyuki’s shout was almost an invitation.
Haruyuki sank down slightly before kicking fiercely at the
floor and charging ahead in his second dash. This time, Takumu
brought his own attack to meet him to speed the whole thing up.
Many blue Burst Linkers were equipped with sword-type Enhanced Armaments, but almost none of them had experience in
kendo. Takumu’s technique was on a completely different level,
right from the speed of his launch.
Just like a punch in boxing, there was no obvious preliminary
movement in a truly refined technique. Unlike the other Burst
Linkers, who brandished their swords above their heads or
brought their arm down before their sword in a slashing cut, the
tip of Takumu’s sword had no sooner twitched than it was already

closing in on his opponent. If this had been the real world,
Haruyuki would have had a fresh new lump on his head before he
could even figure out what was happening.
However, his perceptions and reaction speed in the full-dive
environment were about the only abilities Haruyuki had that he
was proud of. Not relying solely on his sight, he used all his
senses—and maybe even his intuition—to focus on the tip of the
Cyan Blade pressing ever closer at ungodly speeds, threatening to
slice into the forehead of his helmet.
Rrrrrring! He heard the sound from off in the distance. The
color of the world changed. His perceptions became super accelerated, and the speed of the blade was just a very tiny bit too late.
Now!
Haruyuki gently ran the fingers of his right hand along the
ridged side of the lethal sword, the area that had little ability to
generate damage.
Even up against the flat of the blade, if Haruyuki’s hand hadn’t
been guarded by the overlay, it would’ve gone flying at that moment and disappeared without a trace. That was the power of the
Incarnate surpassing all physical laws within the game. However,
the speed of light enveloping his right hand guarded against the
image of Takumu’s severing.
That said, the blade would still indeed cut him if he tried to
catch it on the leading edge. Because while Haruyuki’s Incarnate
was a range expansion, Takumu’s was a power expansion. This
was why Takumu had asserted earlier that Haruyuki didn’t have a
hope of winning a contest of strength. Thus, he was trying to
catch and return it through the way of the flexible.
Of course, Takumu’s dauntless noble blade would not be bent
so easily as that. Rotating the attack vector a hundred and eighty
degrees the way Kuroyukihime had shown him would be ab-

solutely impossible. But in the fight with Bush Utan, Haruyuki
learned that if it was just a matter of averting the power and
avoiding a lethal blow, a bit of interference much smaller than he
had imagined was enough to do the job.
Gently, softly, he put his strength into the fingers touching the
ridges of the sword. Both overlays were compressed at the contact
point, sending sparks flying. He couldn’t be repelled here.
The image of Ardor Maiden catching and sending back Bush
Utan’s Dark Blow with the palm of her hand the other day flashed
in the back of his mind. That hadn’t been the way of the flexible,
but there hadn’t been any hostility or malice in her flame aura.
He had felt only the intent to purify as she accepted the raging
will of her opponent, quelled it, and tried to heal it. He hadn’t
trained anywhere near as much as she had, but even so, there was
not a shred of animosity toward Takumu in his heart. He simply
wanted to show him how much he, Haruyuki Arita, believed in
this person Takumu Mayuzumi.
The aura snaking around the blue blade seemed to be replete
with Takumu’s confusion and fear, his regret, and also his longing.
As if to draw closer to those feelings, Haruyuki lightly brought
his hand, from the pads of his fingers up to his palm, in contact
with the sword. He pulled himself in with the image and pushed
outward with his movement.
Skrreeenk! A sound like metal impacting a hard surface
echoed inside his head, and orange sparks flowed out in infinite
lines in his vision. The tip of the two-handed sword scraped off
the left side of Silver Crow’s helmet and slipped off, to the rear.
Undaunted, Haruyuki took the hand that had been touching
the sword and, directing it toward his own shoulder, launched the
rest of his arm forward.

Unexpectedly, the blow, very much like a Chinese Kempo
elbow strike, exploded into the base of Cyan Pile’s left shoulder.
Thud! A weighty resistance. Upper body shaken, Takumu tried to
bring his sword back up as he braced himself.
Most likely, the guard reversal he had just used wouldn’t be so
neatly decided like that again. Takumu would no doubt have
guessed at the logic of what Haruyuki did in an instant, and
would formulate a response to it immediately. Which was why he
couldn’t let Takumu get any distance between them now. He had
to cling to him—he could only rush him now!
“Aaaah!!” Haruyuki howled. Spending the charge from this
clean hit in his special-attack gauge, he fluttered only his left wing
with all his might. The explosive propulsion whirled his body
around to the right, where his opponent was. Using this force, he
delivered a knee kick to Takumu’s side, which was open now that
Takumu’s sword was in the air.
Another hard blow.
“Ngh!” Takumu let out a low groan. Being the experienced
swordsman that he was, however, he didn’t stop moving, but instead tried to launch a blow at Haruyuki’s helmet with the pommel rather than the blade of his sword. Naturally, this attack
didn’t fit into the kendo system, but there was apparently this
sort of blow to vital points in the art of other swordsmanship.
His timing was exquisite; Haruyuki wouldn’t be able to dodge
in any direction in time. However, Haruyuki deliberately slid the
sole of his right foot, which had acted as his pivot before, and
dropped his entire body perpendicularly. The hilt of the twohanded sword barely scraped his brow and deflected behind him.
Takumu seemed momentarily confused by Haruyuki’s evasion
with a literal sacrificial throw. In kendo, lower-third attacks essentially did not exist. That said, if Haruyuki kept falling and hit
the ground, he would inevitably be immobile, if only for a mere

instant. Perhaps intending to pin him there, Takumu raised his
right leg.
But as he fell backward, Haruyuki released thrust from his
wings in the direction of his head, just barely above the ground. A
sudden slide, as if he were being pulled along by an invisible rope.
By the time Cyan Pile’s foot came down heavily on the ground,
Haruyuki was springing up in a backward somersault. Haruyuki
kept going, intent on a strike to his opponent’s back with the tips
of his toes as he vaulted over him.
Takumu staggered and tried to turn around, while Haruyuki
used the momentary flapping of his right wing to slide-dash into
his opponent’s blind spot and finally launch a piercing attack with
his right hand.
The strike, colored with the light of the Incarnate, hit Cyan
Pile’s left shoulder and ripped the thick armor like it was made of
paper.
This three-dimensional maneuvering, making use of one or
both wings for instant slides, was the other technique Haruyuki
had been practicing this last while—Aerial Combo. As long as his
special-attack gauge was charged up about 10 percent, he could
activate the technique and connect the combos endlessly as long
as his attacks continued to land. And his movements were extremely irregular, so at first glance, it was basically impossible for
an opponent to respond meaningfully. Even the Black King herself had been forced into a defensive battle for nearly a minute.
“Unhgaaaaah!” With a sharp battle cry, Haruyuki dialed up his
combo speed.
Of course, being a nearly pure-blue type, Cyan Pile’s HP gauge
was still more than 70 percent full, even as he took all these clean
hits. Silver Crow was basically full, but trying to face his opponent
with this kind of rush attack took a delicate timing.

But Haruyuki had decided to throw away any and every calculation for this fight. Full throttle from start to finish. There were
things in the Accelerated World that couldn’t be communicated
any other way.
As his brain shifted to higher and higher gears, Silver Crow’s
maneuvering accelerated. His small body danced through space
dizzyingly fast, his limbs drawing out an infinity of flowing lines
in the air. Sometimes, the Laser Sword and Cyan Blade would
crash into each other, and an enormous shock would shake the
stage, but Haruyuki still hadn’t taken a clean hit.
Takumu gradually started responding to the rhythm of the
Aerial Combo, but attacks he couldn’t dodge peppered his large
body and tore into him. His HP gauge continued to drop until finally it dipped below 50 percent and changed to yellow.
In the height of the fierce battle, Haruyuki felt like he heard a
whisper echoing directly in the back of his mind.
…Aah…Haru…It’s beautiful. Your fighting is stunning…
Behind the slits cut into Cyan Pile’s face mask, both eyes narrowed like threads. The pale light weakened and began to blink
irregularly.
…But that beauty…It’s too dangerous. It stirs my spirit. Crush
me, make your violence more, more overwhelming. Otherwise,
I’ll…
I’ll want to destroy you.
Fwshk! His eyes glittered fiercely, and pointed warheads appeared from several holes on Cyan Pile’s chest plate.
“Ngh!” Haruyuki immediately slid to the right.
But as if seeing through his dodge, Takumu also quickly

whirled his body around. “Splash Stinger!!”
As Takumu shouted the technique name, several pencil missiles were launched before Haruyuki’s eyes. At this close range,
completely avoiding all of them was impossible.
Dashing backward at high speed, Haruyuki cut down one missile after another with the light swords of both hands. Since this
attack wasn’t Incarnate, the missiles themselves couldn’t break
Haruyuki’s light aura, but there were just so many of them. By
the time he had knocked all the guided missiles out of the air, a
gap of nearly fifteen meters had opened up once more between
him and Takumu.
The wind in the stage immediately blew away the black smoke
from the explosions. On the other side of it, Cyan Pile stood with
his arms dangling by his sides and his head hanging, just as he
had at the start of the duel. The aura around the Cyan Blade in his
right hand flickered irregularly, indicating that its imagination element was starting to take hold.
And then Haruyuki noticed another new phenomenon.
Something like a thin shadow twined itself around the bluegray avatar’s entire body and rose up toward the sky. He had seen
that color before. There was no mistake; it was the same dark
aura that had enveloped Bush Utan in the tag-team duel the other
day.
Which meant it was finally waking up. The Enhanced Armament that lived inside Cyan Pile and had granted him the power
to simultaneously slaughter the four members of Supernova
Remnant.
Haruyuki took a deep breath. “Go ahead, Taku,” he said
clearly. “Use it.”
Takumu silently raised his head. Haruyuki stared directly at

that face and continued. “Use up everything you have. Right?
That’s your power now. If you don’t come at me with your all, this
fight won’t end. So use it! The ISS kit!”
Takumu seemed to smile faintly, and started to nod.
Haruyuki prayed in his heart the words he couldn’t say out
loud: Taku, I believe in you. No matter how this fight ends, I believe you can overcome that dark power.
His friend nodded again, almost as if he were able to hear even
this silent prayer.
The flowing two-handed sword, the materialization of the positive will of the second quadrant, disappeared from his right
hand. Blue light encircled his arms once more and turned back
into his original Enhanced Armament, Pile Driver.
Takumu brandished this arm high in the air and sang out quietly yet resolutely, “ISS mode activate.”
The darkness spilled over.

10
Compared with its awesome power, the mysterious ISS kit Enhanced Armament was extremely small as an object.
It was a black half sphere about five centimeters in diameter,
which also looked like a social camera somehow. Bush Utan and
Olive Grab had equipped it in the center of their chests. But after
Takumu shouted the activation command, the half sphere popped
up on the back of his Pile Driver hand. With a snap, a horizontal
line ran through the center of the sphere. From there, the surface
split into top and bottom, and a single orb appeared from within,
reminiscent of the eye of a living creature. It shone wetly, a deep
red, the color of blood…
The light of an overlay of terrifying density and scale then
gushed up in a vortex from Cyan Pile’s feet. But it couldn’t actually be called light; it was stained a rich, inky black. No longer the
hazy shadow that had enveloped Bush Utan, this was an almost
pure aura of darkness.
Haruyuki desperately braced legs that threatened to crumble
under him.
The force of the gushing aura was also well beyond anything
Utan had produced. As proof that this was no mere light effect,
cracks radiated out in circles on the floor from where Takumu
stood.
…Taku…
“Haru,” Takumu responded gently, perhaps hearing Haruyuki
unconsciously calling to his friend in his heart. He indicated the

floors above and below and the smattering of pillars with his left
hand. When he continued speaking, his voice was quite different
from before summoning the kit. Dark, desolate, tinged with a
metallic effect. “If we stay in this tiny place forever, you won’t be
able to use your full strength, either, right?”
“Y-yeah. You want to move outside?” Haruyuki judged that
somehow Takumu didn’t seem to be experiencing the same level
of interference with his mind that Utan and the others had and let
out a quiet breath as he asked the question.
But…
“No, there’s no need for that,” Takumu murmured and turned
the Pile Driver, complete with ISS kit, casually toward the floor.
Immediately after that came a level voice, almost entirely without
fight, with the technique name.
“Dark Shot.”
Instead of the iron spike, a dark beam shot out. In an instant,
it had gouged a ten-centimeter hole through the floor and disappeared into the lower floors.
One, two, three seconds later.
Haruyuki felt a tremendous vibration pushing upward from
directly below him. Before he had a chance to even swallow, the
floor cracked into tiny pieces, and a torrent of energy that could
only be described as black flames jetted out through the gaps.
“Hungh!” Gasping violently, Haruyuki reflexively deployed his
wings and dashed straight backward. Flipping his body midair, he
charged toward the opening to the outside of the condo, flying at
top speed with both hands thrust forward. The shock wave pressing up against him from behind shook his body as he managed to
leap into the air and soar in a straight line through the sky of the
Scorched-Earth stage. Once he confirmed he had gotten more

than enough distance, he flipped himself around once more and
looked back.
“Wha…,” Haruyuki gasped, astonished.
He watched as the thirty-story tower that was the A wing of his
condo in the real world shattered into pieces from the ground
floor and collapsed.
It was true that the terrain objects in the Scorched-Earth stage
broke fairly easily. But even so, there were limits. Because the destruction of an enormous building like that would rip a duel strategy up from the roots, the system was set up to make such an act
take a suitable amount of time and effort. As far as Haruyuki
knew, the only Burst Linker capable of destroying a massive
building in a single blow was the Immobile Fortress, aka the Red
King, Scarlet Rain, when all her Enhanced Armament was fully
deployed.
Unable to believe the sight before his eyes, he blinked repeatedly. But the condo collapsed completely in mere seconds and became an enormous mountain of rubble.
As if compelled, he checked Cyan Pile’s HP gauge in the upper
right of his vision. Despite the fact that Takumu had been pulled
into a collapse of this magnitude, it was still just under 40 percent full, right where the damage from Haruyuki’s Aerial Combo
had left it. And although this was the Scorched-Earth stage,
where the bonus for terrain destruction was weak, his special-attack gauge was at once fully charged.
Shifting his gaze back to the mountain of rubble, Haruyuki
saw a mass of objects on the peak of the pyramid blown off from
directly below.
Appearing from within the smashed rubble was Cyan Pile, in
an even more concentrated aura of darkness.

“Taku,” he murmured hoarsely. But no other words came out.
This was nothing short of overwhelming, enough to make even
shock and fear disappear. After activating IS mode, Bush Utan
had also shown a terrifying leap in battle ability, but Takumu’s
changed appearance far and away surpassed that. Which meant
that this was how deep he had pushed into his heart a pain and
suffering that was almost maddening.
So Haruyuki absolutely couldn’t lose here. If he did nothing,
daunted by the power of the ISS kit, the darkness that held
Takumu would only increase in strength. Takumu might step into
the bottomless hole in his heart, the dark side of the Incarnate
that Kuroyukihime, Sky Raker, Niko, and Blood Leopard had
warned them about.
Ever since the backdoor program incident, Takumu had been
earnestly trying to get back to his old self. He had transferred
from the university-track school in Shinjuku with its cutting-edge
education and high-level information to the frequently analog
Umesato Junior High, and taken one step after another at his
own pace. Haruyuki couldn’t let the malice someone was deliberately spreading interrupt that journey. Somehow, he had to drag
Takumu out from the interference of the kit and sever its control
over him. And to do that…
He would win this battle. It was the only way.
He would win and show Takumu. The power of the positive
will. Of the light of hope shining modestly but stronger than anything else.
Hovering at an altitude of seventy meters, Haruyuki materialized the Laser Sword in both hands.
Below, Takumu stood at the peak of the rubble mountain and
raised the Pile Driver with the ISS kit in it in a leisurely motion,
setting his sights on Haruyuki.

The dark shot released from that barrel before had been
tremendously powerful. He wouldn’t be able to repel it with his
light swords the way he had Bush Utan’s technique of the same
name. But if he could see the launch position and timing, it
should be possible to deal with it. His only hope was to dodge it at
a distance where he just barely avoided damage and settle this
fight in a counter–dive attack.
Haruyuki stopped his virtual breathing and concentrated all
his mental energy on the barrel of the Enhanced Armament Cyan
Pile had raised.
Which was why he was late to notice. That together with
Takumu’s whisper of the technique name, the special-attack
gauge, not used normally with Incarnate attacks, went from fully
charged to completely spent in an instant.
“Dark Lightning Spike.”
His friend called out a technique name he had never heard before, and at the same time, it seemed like the barrel of the Pile
Driver flashed with black light for an instant.
That was all. The massive beam that had destroyed the condo,
the thunderous roar, the shock wave—none of that. The dry wind
of the Scorched-Earth stage blew drearily, and a light sensation
stroked his left shoulder.
“…?”
Haruyuki suddenly felt his body shaking lightly. At the same
time, several small lights cut across the bottom edge of his field of
view. Shifting his gaze, he noticed strange objects falling toward
the surface of the ground. A silver pole, a few thin panels. What?
He strained his eyes and—
“Ngh?!”

The moment he realized what those objects actually were,
Haruyuki could do nothing but open his eyes wide, dumbfounded, and suck in air. It was—an arm. And a wing.
Belatedly, he looked at his left shoulder. There was nothing
there but a smooth cross section, as if it had been processed with
a precise mirror finish. Silver Crow’s left arm and metal wing had
been completely removed from the base.
His body listed heavily. Unconsciously, he increased the thrust
from his right wing and tried to maintain his altitude, but this
move actually left him unbalanced, and he plunged into a tailspin. Carving out a spiral like the leaf of a tree, he began to plummet toward the earth.
Just as he was on the verge of crashing into the ground, he recovered from his daze and tried to counterbalance the rotation
with his wing, narrowly succeeding in landing on his feet. Still, he
was unable to entirely absorb the impact; violent sparks flew
from the joints in his knees and ankles. Losing his left arm and
wing wholesale caused his gauge to drop 50 percent all at once,
dyeing it yellow.

But more than the amount of damage, Haruyuki felt a massive
shock at the thing that had done the damage itself.
He basically hadn’t seen it.
He had managed to notice that the shooting effect had drawn a
black cross over the barrel of the Pile Driver. But he hadn’t been
able to perceive the body of the projectile itself, which had to have
crossed the seventy meters between them.
There had been a time when Haruyuki struggled forward with
absurd special training to avoid a bullet launched from close-up
in a VR program he’d made. The result was that currently, as long
as he could see the shooter, he could evade even snipers with
large rifles fairly consistently. Put another way, if he hadn’t been
able to do at least that, he wouldn’t have been able to fly at all,
given that there were no obstacles in the sky. And yet not only
had he not been able to avoid this shot, he hadn’t even been able
to see the projectile’s trajectory. It was completely unbelievable.
The shock was exceedingly massive, but Haruyuki’s stupefaction there on the ground lasted a mere half second.
One of a Burst Linker’s most critical abilities was to immediately get their thoughts together and shift their focus to their next
move, however unexpected the situation they found themselves
in. Haruyuki pushed his surprise aside for the time being and
tried to rebuild his strategy for the current situation, in which he
was essentially robbed of the ability to fly. In this case, the only
chance of winning he could see was to once more bring the fight
up close and personal, make it a close-range battle, combining
guard reversal and Aerial Combo, even if he just had the one arm
and one wing.
First of all, move!!
Rebuking himself, Haruyuki stood up to run from the court-

yard of his fallen condo to the still-standing B wing.
However, once again, he was faced with the unexpected situation.
Whump! The sound of impact shook the ground, interrupting
his dash. Staggering, he turned his eyes toward the source of the
sound, to where a large avatar had landed on the ground a mere
ten meters away. Takumu, who should have been at the top of the
mountain of rubble, had leapt down to the courtyard in one
bound.
Heavyweight avatars like Cyan Pile and Frost Horn had the
special characteristic of being able to produce a shock wave in the
Field by stomping, which obstructed the movement of lightweight
avatars. However, the shaking now was less a shock and more a
large earthquake. Haruyuki’s feet got caught in the cracks racing
out in all directions, and he stumbled while Takumu closed in
from behind him in the blink of an eye with a high-speed dash—
also nonstandard—and stopped a very short distance away.
His overwhelming sense of presence, almost as if the duel
avatar itself had gone up a full size, froze Haruyuki in his tracks.
Beneath the slits lined up on his face mask, there was a low
sound, and Takumu’s eyes flashed. But the color had changed
from the light blue of a little earlier to a dark purple. He stared
quietly from his higher position at Haruyuki standing stock-still
in an unsteady posture.
“Sorry, Haru.” A voice tinged with a distorted effect flowed
from his mouth.
“…Taku…” All Haruyuki could do was call the name of his best
friend, almost soundlessly.
“I’m sorry.” Takumu slowly took another step closer. “I—I
knew it’d be like this. I knew it’d end up like this. And yet I

pushed you. I forced you into a duel. I guess…there’s no helping it
if you think I just wanted to beat you down like this…”
Thud. He narrowed the distance between them by another
step, and now Cyan Pile’s massive body was directly before
Haruyuki. A thick, jet-black aura poured ceaselessly from the
enormous rocklike avatar, gushing up toward the sky. Takumu
glanced down at its source, the black eyeball parasitizing the Enhanced Armament of his right arm.
“I heard that the deeper the darkness of the owner’s heart, the
more terrifying the power this ISS kit manifests. So you see…I’m
this kind of person. I realized this while I was massacring those
four PKs with this power—though the truth is maybe I knew it
right from the start. After all, I only became a Burst Linker to get
good grades, win tournaments, and hold on to Chii.”
“Taku…Taku.”
You’re wrong. You’re wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong!!
This word alone swirled around in Haruyuki’s heart. But he
didn’t know how to say it so Takumu would hear. His vision
shook, rainbow-colored and blurred. Haruyuki belatedly realized
he was shedding tears under his helmet.
As he looked down at Haruyuki, meager particles of light
spilled out from Takumu’s eyes as well and evaporated instantly.
“Thanks, Haru.” The gentle voice of his best friend reached his
ears. “I’m glad my opponent in my final duel was you…Thanks.”
“…F-final? What…are you talking about…?” Haruyuki asked in
a trembling voice.
“When this fight is over,” Takumu replied quietly, “I’m going
to go take a stab at the Acceleration Research Society.”

“…What…”
“They’re the ones making and handing out this kind of terrible
Enhanced Armament. I don’t think I can beat the top-level guys.
But once I reach the infection route, I should be able to figure out
the ones at a certain level. I’ll invite them into the Unlimited Neutral Field somehow and get all the info I can from them. Even—”
He cut himself off momentarily, but soon continued again with
certainty. “Even if I lose all my points doing it and Brain Burst
force uninstalls, I’ll definitely tell you everything I learned. After
that, it’s up to you to stop them, Haru. This kind of…power—taking advantage of the mental scars that all Burst Linkers have to
mislead them—shouldn’t exist. The Accelerated World is a place
for people like you and Chii and Master, people who change that
pain to hope and move forward.”
“Taku…But you…I mean, you, too…” Haruyuki was frustrated
and annoyed by his own inability to do anything but stammer like
this.
But it seemed that his childhood friend of more than ten years
still understood Haruyuki’s feelings. He felt a gentle smile beneath the mask.
“Haru, I have to thank you for one more thing.” In contrast
with the dark aura streaming from his body, even more wildly, his
voice was nothing but gentle. “That time…at the end of our first
fight, thank you for forgiving me. The eight months from that day
to today, fighting as a member of the new Nega Nebulus, have
been so much fun, it’s like I’ve been dreaming. Thanks, Haru. It’s
too bad I got knocked out in the middle of your purification mission and the Legion’s work to reach the ending, but…tell Master,
Raker, and Maiden thanks for me. And…tell Chii I’m sorry.”
“Don’t say that! Don’t talk like that, Taku!!” Haruyuki
screamed, suppressing a pain like his heart was being ripped in
half.

He clenched his remaining hand into a fist and focused on the
glittering Incarnate lodged there. Reflecting his violently shaken
emotions, the light flickered irregularly, but even so, the dark
color winding around the two of them weakened the tiniest bit.
“Chiyu’s gonna cry if you leave the Legion, you know! She’ll totally cry! You wanna make Chiyu cry, Taku?!”
Takumu hung his head slightly. Finally, an even more gentle
voice. “Yeah, she probably will, huh? But…I know she’ll get over
those tears and keep moving forward. After all, I’m the one who’s
been making her want to go back to the past. Haru, please. Look
out for Chii.”
Grinning, Takumu clenched his enormous left fist tightly in
front of Haruyuki.
The condensing dark aura roared ferociously. The midnight
black, absolute as a black hole, easily overwhelmed the modest
silver light in Haruyuki’s right hand.
“Okay, let’s finish this, Haru. You don’t have to look so sad for
me. This darkness was inside of me right from the start. You just
have to make the opposite choice you did eight months ago. I’m
making you do it.”
Perhaps due to the concentration of such enormous power, an
infinite number of sparks shot into the air from his left fist as
Takumu slowly pulled it back.
As if to comfort Haruyuki, to encourage him, the call of the
technique name was somehow kind. “Dark Blow.”
Haruyuki tried to guard with the silver light of his right hand
against the fist, which shot down at him with pressure akin to an
enormous meteor pouring down from space.
However, an impact unlike any he had ever felt before, as if

the world itself were exploding, made his entire body dance. Meager though it might have been, if he hadn’t had his Incarnate defense, his avatar would have been blown to bits instantly.
He managed to avoid annihilation, but, very much unable to
stand his ground, Haruyuki went flying backward toward the
condo’s B wing at a terrifying speed.
He flew for half a second or so, parallel to the ground, before
his back crashed into the exterior wall of the building. His body
gouged out a large hole in the scorched concrete, and he still
didn’t stop but plunged inside. Only once he had smashed
through the next wall, and the next, and then yet another, was his
momentum finally diminished. After bouncing once on the floor
of a large, empty room, Haruyuki tumbled onto his back, arms
and legs splayed.
Something was flashing red in the top left of his vision, sunk
into gloom from the intense impact. His brain had basically
stopped working, but even still, Haruyuki understood that this
was his HP gauge, reduced to a few pixels.
The power imbalance was enough to make him lose hope. And
here, for the first time in all of this, Haruyuki felt despair filling
his heart.
How conceited he had been to think that he’d win using his
full force on Takumu, and then he’d save him. After all, right
from the start, Takumu’s abilities far exceeded Haruyuki’s in all
things. That’s why he looked up to him. That’s why Takumu was
his hero.
If this Takumu had pushed himself up against this wall and
made up his mind, then what on earth could Haruyuki do, with
his sole power—his wings—taken from him…
He felt a heavy vibration from off in the distance. Takumu was
coming straight for him, punching out the walls of the condo as

he did, to finish this duel.
Beneath his cracked helmet, Haruyuki’s eyes once again filled
with tears. He never thought it would end this way. He had really
believed that he, Chiyuri, and Takumu would be able to hang out
together forever. All this time, he had believed that Brain Burst,
the Accelerated World, existed precisely for that reason.
“That’s right.”
Abruptly, someone’s voice echoed inside his head.
He absently opened his eyes. Against the scorched, bleak ceiling, he saw a strange sight: another human form gently slipping
away from Silver Crow’s body on the floor and standing up
silently.
Haruyuki had no idea who this someone was, faintly transparent, basically a hallucination.
A slender girl-shaped avatar. The design, with the flower petal
motif at the shoulders and hips, resembled Chiyuri’s Lime Bell
somehow. But the short hair on her head, ends flipping up, and
her armor color were totally different.
A bright, golden yellow that reminded him of spring sunlight.
This unnamed someone sat down on a pile of rubble beside
Haruyuki, flat on his back, and spoke once more. “It’s just as you
say. Brain Burst doesn’t exist simply to fight and hate each
other. We can join hands; we can build bonds.”
“…Who are you…?” Haruyuki asked vacantly. “Why are you
here…? This is a direct duel field…”
The ephemeral, transparent someone smiled lightly. “I’m…a
memory. A tiny fragment of a thought living in a corner of the

enormous body of quantum information that makes up a certain
object registered in the central system.”
“…A memory…” The instant he murmured this, Haruyuki felt a
prickle stab his own memory somewhere.
I know her. We’ve never met, and I don’t know her name, but
still, I know this person…
Almost as if to affirm this thought, the golden yellow avatar
nodded lightly. “Because you traced a past memory in the Castle,
the system circuits were temporarily activated, and I’m able to
talk to you like this. But I’m sure it won’t last long.”
The girl broke off and then announced in a voice with increased strength, “There’s still a way to help your friend.”
“What…” His eyes flew open. Supporting himself with his battered right arm pressed against the floor, he desperately struggled
to sit up. “Wh-what? Are you saying there’s something else I can
do?”
“You still have power inside you. The lone power that can resist the deep darkness penetrating your friend,” the golden girl
murmured, smile fading.
After a moment’s confusion, Haruyuki intuitively grasped
what she was getting at. Reflexively, he shook his head.
“N-no way. I can’t use that. If I summon that again, I definitely won’t be able to come back from it ever again.”
That. The cursed Enhanced Armament parasitizing Silver
Crow deep inside, currently returned to a seed state by Lime
Bell’s Citron Call Mode II.
The Armor of Catastrophe.

A somehow sad smile rose up onto the golden yellow girl’s
face. “It’s not as though the armor was born crowned with the
name Catastrophe, you know. So many sad, sad things happened, and its form was distorted.”
“The form was…distorted…”
“I’ve been waiting all this time in a little corner of that armor.
Each time a new owner came along, I prayed, ‘Please, let this be
it.’ The appearance of someone who could remove the curse of it.
I’ve waited all this time for someone who could heal his fury and
sadness…”
Nimbly standing on the pile of rubble, the girl knelt down in
front of him and touched the injured silver avatar gently with her
slender right hand.
“And you. You’re so much like him, I’m sure you can do it. It
might take some time, but someday, I just know it. So don’t give
up here. For the sake of your friend, stand up just one more
time.”
The girl’s figure became even more transparent. As she
changed into a hazy silhouette, she stepped back inside Haruyuki.
In his head, far, far away, the last of her voice: “Now, remember. Call that name…the name of the armor before it was twisted
into the Disaster…You should…already know it…”
Abruptly, a scene rose up on the screen of his memory. The
pedestals of the Seven Arcs they found inside the Castle. The
metal plate adorned with the name of the zeta star of the Big Dipper, kaiyou.
And at the very bottom, several roman letters. He had indeed
felt something when he saw that. A tiny throbbing something
deep in his soul. Like it called to mind a sad memory from a long,

long time ago.
Thud. The heavy vibration came to him through the floor, and
Haruyuki lifted his face.
Takumu had apparently arrived in the next room or the one
beyond that. Now matter what attack Haruyuki faced next, the remaining pixels in his HP gauge would be easily blown away.
Can the me I am now stop Takumu? He’s brooded over it so
deeply; what words could I say to bring him back?
A cold despair threatened to fill his heart once again, but
Haruyuki gritted his teeth and shook it off.
Not words.
Feelings. With fists containing feelings. Me and Taku are both
Burst Linkers. So then there’s only one thing to tell him, only one
way.
“Go at each other with all we’ve got. Right at the beginning, I
did, you know, Taku,” Haruyuki murmured in a low voice, and intently forced his battered avatar to stand. Fragments of his
cracked armor fluttered to the floor.
There was no longer any fear, any panic.
Staring through the large hole in the wall, Haruyuki quietly
gave voice to the name that had come to life from the depths of
his memory.
“Equip…the Destiny.”
To be continued.

AFTERWORD
Reki Kawahara here. I’m bringing you the first book of 2011,
Accel World 7: Armor of Catastrophe.
Thinking back on it, in the afterwords I wrote for the books
from two years ago until last year, I have simply apologized intently and earnestly. Thus, my goal this year is to not apologize in
the afterword. Or at least that’s what I thought, but…I’m sorry,
please allow me to apologize out of the blue…I am already apologizing for the apology itself. (lol)
What?! I continued the story into the next volume again! I’m
so sorry! Honestly, after dragging it out in book six like that, I resolved to neatly tie things up in book seven. And then, amazingly,
I created this very detailed plot, and just as planned! That was
how I was supposed to write it, but…Takumu worked so much
harder for me than I was expecting…(lol)
B-but he almost never got the chance to come onstage in
books five and six, so as the writer, I’m relieved that he’s really
pulling his weight here. And I guess you could say, if the story’s
continued this far, the only thing to do is let it go where it goes;
I’ll just have to move forward following the demands of the characters. As of the time I’m writing this afterword, I’ve already
begun work on the next book, and my heart is pounding as I type
away at the keyboard, eager to see how the duel that didn’t finish
this time is going to be resolved between Takumu and Haruyuki. I
hope you’ll wait a little longer until I can deliver it to you in the
form of a book!
Now, here, I’d like to write briefly once again about the outlook for 2011.

Since I’ve already (promptly) failed at my first goal to not
apologize (lol), I’d like to at least meet my second goal of continuing to write without any big problems…Suddenly getting a bit raw
here, but—no, but, I’ve been idly thinking lately that continuing
to write at any rate is maybe the most important ability in this job
of “writer.” To make an analogy with car racing, let’s say it’s
something like rather than recklessly launching a do-or-die attack, you pick out the next hill, the next stage; you leave your assistants and continue cruising along…Although naturally, even
still, there will definitely come some point where you have to fight
for the finish line, sprint for the most important goal. So right
now, I’d like to keep solidly turning that crank while not letting
the timing for that sprint pass me by.
Volume 7 also slid into home just barely in time, and so to my
long-suffering editor, Miki, and illustrator, HIMA, I am going to
work hard in 2011 to be a good little boy and meet my deadlines. I
hope you’ll stick with me!
To all you readers who were attacked with “to be continued” in
the very first book of the new year, I humbly bow my head to you
and entreat you to somehow please join me with a magnanimous
spirit this year as well!!
Reki Kawahara
On a certain day in 2010 still, but it feels like 2011

