1
Kill.
Kill them all.
All that existed was the urge. Already, it was beyond what could
be called thought. The craving, the desire to hack and slash, to
tear off his enemies’ arms, legs, heads—the desire to rip them to
pieces became a cold flame racing throughout Haruyuki Arita’s
entire body.
“Grar…” The low howl of an animal slipped out of his throat as
he raised the longsword high.
The pure silver of the duel avatar Silver Crow had disappeared. In its place was a darker, more brutal chrome silver. His
armor had also lost its original form: Previously slender, smooth
limbs were covered seamlessly with sharp-edged metallic rings.
Similar rings encircled his torso. But most sinister of all was his
helmet, the maw of a carnivorous beast wrapped around the
once-round head. Fang-like protrusions jutted out from the visor
and hid his face completely; there was no sign left of the original,
mirrored shield.
This armor was no mere equipped item, nor even a simple Enhanced Armament, within the fighting game of Brain Burst.
The strongest arms in the world were known as the Seven
Arcs, aka the Seven Stars. The Destiny, the armor that was the
sixth of these stars—the zeta—had fused with Star Caster, a highlevel longsword. This combined form was then twisted by the raging grief of a particular Burst Linker of the past, at which point

the Armor of Catastrophe, aka the Disaster, was born. Since the
dawn of the Accelerated World, the legendary armor had brought
about much destruction, always regenerating even when subjugated, never entirely disappearing. Its power surpassing even the
Arcs, the Disaster now covered Silver Crow’s lithe body completely.
In truth, the phenomenon did not stop at the level of “summoning” or “equipping.” Haruyuki was now the Armor; the
Armor was Haruyuki. The will to destroy housed in the Disaster
had become one with Haruyuki’s own mind, and he could no
longer hear that gentle voice that had been whispering things in
his ear all this time.
“You…,” Haruyuki whispered in his own voice now. “I will kill
you all.”
Transformed into a demonic silhouette, as Haruyuki hovered
with both wings spread out, he saw below him six Burst Linkers
standing in a circle on the road of the Demon City stage—north of
Miyashita Park on Meiji Street, in the Shibuya area of the real
world—and staring up at him, the intruder. There were also two
lights, shining weakly, in the center of this circle.
One was a grassy color. The other was gray. Death markers,
appearing in the position where a Burst Linker died in the Unlimited Neutral Field. The grass-colored one belonged to Bush Utan,
a member of the Green Legion, Great Wall. And the gray was the
biker Ash Roller, Bush Utan’s self-professed older brother and
Haruyuki’s longtime rival.
Five of the six Burst Linkers who had surrounded and repeatedly slaughtered the two dead Burst Linkers were faces he was
seeing for the first time. But one of them, the avatar who had only
minutes before dealt the death blow to Ash, was familiar.
He was slender and of average height, but there was a sense of
volume to his arms. His armor was a brownish dark green. Olive

Grab, a main member of the Green Legion who had been teamed
up with Bush Utan until mere days earlier. He obviously would
have known Ash—he might have even called him a friend, in fact.
And yet without the slightest hesitation, without showing anything even resembling emotion, Grab had stabbed him through
the heart. He had tried to take all of Ash Roller’s burst points and
eliminate him from the Accelerated World forever.
Olive Grab—who was looking up at Haruyuki with a hint of
doubt creeping onto his face mask—had an object embedded
within his chest, as did the other five Burst Linkers around him.
It was the same organic object in each case: a monstrous eye.
ISS kits were dark parasites that gave the wearer the power to
control the Incarnate System, which itself was a super attack
power outside the normal battle system. In the process, the kits
multiplied the scope and intensity of negative emotions, going so
far as to warp the personality of the real-world person. All six
Burst Linkers were currently under the control of the kits, which
was why they hadn’t hesitated to attack Olive’s senior in the Legion, Ash Roller, or Bush Utan, who had an ISS kit of his own.
However, all this no longer mattered to Haruyuki.
At the end of the day, Ash Roller was technically his enemy, a
member of another Legion. And although his parent was Sky
Raker, Nega Nebulus’s second-in-command, Haruyuki had never
actually met Ash in the real world.
But…
Ash was the first person Haruyuki fought as a Burst Linker. He
was the first person he’d lost against, and the first he’d won
against, as well. The biker seemed to enjoy every second of this
landscape known as Brain Burst and, at some point, he had become a kind of foundation for Haruyuki. When he was struggling,
when he was lost, Ash’s extremely upbeat fighting style and the
hearty roar of his American motorcycle got Haruyuki back on the

right path as a Burst Linker. His duels with Ash were always intense, passionate, fun.
And so Haruyuki fiercely despised these six Linkers, who had
tormented that same Ash with the overwhelming superiority
granted to them by their number and power. Such emotion created an unusual contradiction, however, given that this very hatred and rage in Haruyuki’s heart had brought back to life the
Armor of Catastrophe after it had finally been returned to a seed
state, sending Haruyuki charging down a path that was the total
opposite of the true path of a dueler. Unfortunately, however, he
was no longer capable of recognizing this.
Sending inky black sparks shooting off into the air, Haruyuki
brandished the sharply tapered sword high above his head.
Likely judging this to be a hostile action, Olive Grab and the
other five Burst Linkers on the ground raised their right hands in
perfect unison and trained them on Haruyuki.
Palms of varying sizes became wrapped in dark overlays of, essentially, the same color. The viscous, dripping darkness instantly
grew more concentrated and twisted the surrounding air, indicating a terrifying power.
At the same time, small English letters began to race across
the additional gray layer blanketing Haruyuki’s vision: PREDICTED
ATTACK: INCARNATE ATTACK; RANGE/POWER ENHANCEMENT: NIHILISTIC
ENERGY TYPE; THREAT LEVEL: 10.
From the six palms, faint, transparent scarlet lines stretched
out soundlessly. These were not the actual attack. The Armor,
from its vast wealth of accumulated battle experience, simulated
the trajectories of incoming attacks and displayed them in
Haruyuki’s field of view.
It would have been an easy feat to evade this direct, long-distance group attack: It targeted his own chest and lacked any par-

ticular zigs or zags.
But rather than moving a single millimeter from the spot,
Haruyuki tightened his grip on the longsword in his right hand,
bringing the jet-black aura enveloping the blade to shudder violently. Although the coloring resembled the auras blanketing the
six on the ground, if theirs were viscous, then Haruyuki’s was a
conflagration. A flame at absolute zero, layers of his wild rage and
whetted bloodlust.
The Burst Linkers on the ground momentarily bent the fingers
of their raised right hands before stretching them out once more.
In one voice, they called out the name of the technique.
“Dark Shot!”
It was the first of two basic special attacks granted to ISS kit
wearers. Three days earlier, the same dark beam shot out of Bush
Utan’s hand and ripped off one of Silver Crow’s wings like it was
paper. And now, six hands sent six dark beams charging toward
him, leaving a sound of resonance in their wake. It was like the
shriek of monsters.
Each one of the beams contained enough power to instantly
eliminate any duel avatar, but Haruyuki let them close in on him
until the very last moment—until the instant their trajectories
crossed, and he casually sliced through them with the longsword
Star Caster.
The brightly burning obsidian flames did not permit the dark
beams to so much as touch the blade. The roar of impact threatened to shatter the air itself as the Incarnate attacks collided, and
the six beams were knocked down to Haruyuki’s right. Deep holes
were instantly gouged out of the exceptionally hard terrain of the
Demon City stage, and black flames shot out of them an instant
later.
“Lukewarm,” Haruyuki murmured in a cracked voice, without

even glancing at the destruction.
It was, in the end, just a uniform Incarnate attack. They might
have been able to mechanically cause an overwrite, but the core
was empty, so weak it didn’t begin to compare with the Dark
Lightning Spike Takumu had unleashed while under the control
of the same ISS kit the previous evening. There was simply no
heart in their technique.
There existed inside Olive Grab nothing other than “hunger.”
A futile, single-minded urge to collect burst points. An ugly appetite to indulge in risk-free victories with instant power handed
to him on a platter.
It was guys like this, with power like this, who had tormented
Ash Roller to his death. These six had surrounded Ash, a man
whose pride made him keep his distance from the Incarnate, a
Burst Linker who had always worked to be a one-on-one fighter.
And then they had killed him, over and over and over.
And that wasn’t all. They had also hunted Ash’s little brother,
Bush Utan, who should have been one of them. The two death
markers snuggled up against each other near the six Burst Linkers were proof of that. If they hadn’t interfered, Ash and Utan
would have joined up with Haruyuki and his friends in the Chiyoda area far to the northeast.
Earlier today—June 20, 2047—at seven PM, the six members of
the Legion Nega Nebulus had carried out a mission to rescue
Haruyuki/Silver Crow and Utai Shinomiya/Ardor Maiden from
where they were held captive, deep inside the Castle towering at
the center of the Unlimited Neutral Field.
In theory, the plan had been for Haruyuki and Utai to enlist
the aid of Trilead Tetroxide, a mysterious Burst Linker they had
met in the Castle, and escape through the south gate. At the same
time, Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Takumu, and Chiyuri would divert the
God Suzaku, the Super-level Enemy guarding said gate, and help

the two get away.
In reality, Haruyuki and Utai were unable to simply fly
straight out because Suzaku had materialized sooner than anyone
expected. Just as the two fleeing avatars were about to be burned
to a crisp by the God’s flame breath, Kuroyukihime and Fuko,
prepared to die to save Haruyuki and Utai, swooped in and made
themselves Suzaku’s target. But their death in that place would
have been the worst possible outcome, both Legion Master and
submaster deep in the territory of one of the Four Gods, trapped
in a state of unlimited EK. So after entrusting an unconscious
Utai to Takumu and Chiyuri, Haruyuki did a one-eighty and returned to help his beloved friends.
Grabbing them in his arms, he flew straight upward in the
only route of escape left to them, but Suzaku relentlessly chased
after them. Once the special-attack gauge that was the source of
energy for his flying ability was drained, Haruyuki manifested a
new Incarnate technique, Light Speed, and shot up through the
stratosphere to reach the world of the stars.
Unable to fly with no air, both Haruyuki and Suzaku languished there, but Fuko, with her booster-type Enhanced Armament Gale Thruster, charged down with Kuroyukihime on her
back, finally crushing the God with the Black King’s lurid Incarnate attack, Starburst Stream. Although they didn’t manage to
strike the killing blow because of the Four Gods’ ability to mutually heal each other at a distance, Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime, and
Fuko did make it out of Suzaku’s territory alive.
The six Legion members hugged one another fiercely and rejoiced in the success of the mission. But Ash Roller, who should
have been there according to the plan, was not. When Haruyuki
heard his rival never showed up at the meeting point, a terrible
feeling that was hard to put into words came over him, and he
flew off by himself to look for the man. And then he found—no,
witnessed—it.

The very instant Ash was slaughtered by Olive Grab.
And the reason why Ash, a member of the Green Legion, Great
Wall and thus ostensibly an enemy, would join up with the people
of Nega Nebulus—and in the dangerous Unlimited Neutral Field
at that—was because he intended to depart from his own beliefs
and seek instruction in the Incarnate.
After the duel that morning before they went to school, Ash
had told Haruyuki he didn’t want to learn the Incarnate so he
could fight no-holds-barred in the Unlimited Neutral Field. All he
needed to do was strike one blow to wake up his little brother,
Bush Utan.
There was no doubt that the reason he didn’t show up at the
meeting point was that he had run into Utan in the Normal Duel
Field while on standby. Not letting that chance slip away, Ash had
persuaded or begged Utan to come with him to the Unlimited
Neutral Field.
And Utan had probably listened to Ash’s persuasive/desperate
words. He had resolved to get rid of the ISS kit possessing him
and return to the true path of the Burst Linker once more. There
was no doubt that the two of them had planned to meet here in
the Unlimited Neutral Field and join up with Haruyuki and Nega
Nebulus after they finished the Castle escape mission.
But Olive Grab and the other five Burst Linkers had figured
out where Ash and Utan would be and ambushed them.
Haruyuki didn’t know which of them had died first. But when
he arrived on the scene, Ash had been almost clutching Utan’s
death marker to his own body to protect it. Since the marker was,
as the name suggested, nothing more than a mark, there was no
practical meaning in this, but he probably couldn’t stop himself
from doing it.
If there was a difference in the times of their deaths, then

there would naturally be a time lag in their regenerations sixty
minutes later. Even after one came back to life, the other would
still be dead. In a helpless ghost state, they both had been forced
to watch an adored brother be brutally killed over and over.
“…won’t forgive.” A hoarse voice spilled from Haruyuki’s
mouth once more. “I won’t forgive you. I’ll kill you. I’ll kill all of
you. I’ll keep killing you until all your burst points are gone and
you disappear from the Accelerated World.”
The world-destroying conflagration raced through his body at
a temperature of absolute zero, waiting impatiently for the moment of its release, internal pressure building endlessly. Rage and
hatred melted into its flames, converging into a single purpose
that burned white-hot.
“That’s what you want, right? To fight, to kill. For you yourselves and even this world to disappear. So then I’ll make your
dreams come true. I’ll make you all disappear.”
The voice that slipped out from the brutal visor was also more
monster than Haruyuki already. The voice of someone with the
ferocity of a wild animal and the cool of steel.
No, that wasn’t all. Somewhere far away, deep, deep down, another voice echoed faintly. The voice of someone trying intently to
talk, lamenting and grieving…
But before their words could penetrate Haruyuki’s consciousness, the six people below him lifted their right hands once more.
They didn’t seem the least bit shaken at the fact that six simultaneous Incarnate attacks were repelled with a single sword stroke.
They looked like they had power to spare, or more precisely, like
emotion itself was being worn away.
In its place, the ISS kits parasitizing their chests glared at
Haruyuki, crimson “eyes” filled with hatred. Viscous auras coiled
thickly about the six arms, quickly concentrating in the palms,

thin black sparks crawling through the air as if to hint at a power
exceeding that of the previous attack.
In Haruyuki’s field of view, the attack attribute information
and anticipated trajectory were once again displayed. It was the
same long-distance Incarnate attack, but the trajectory was different. The clear red line spread out halfway, color fading as it
did, and wrapped up a sphere in the air around Haruyuki. In
other words, this was—
“Dark Shot!!”
The calls of the technique name were in perfect unison, as
though one person were moving six mouths at the same time. The
inky black beams emitted from the open palms surged ahead,
scattering a fine spray. But unlike the earlier attack, they did not
rush forward in a straight line. Twisting irregularly through the
air, the attack charged toward him, still clearly aimed at
Haruyuki.
Wordlessly, Haruyuki spread the metal wings on his back and
flew hard to his right. Instantly, the beams also bent sharply to
follow. So it was a homing attack. Since the beams wouldn’t overlap until the last moment, a defense using a single sword stroke
was impossible. Even if he took one of them out with his sword,
the remaining five would shower down on him. Because his
health gauge, cut down in the battle with the God Suzaku, had
been fully recharged when he summoned the Armor, they
couldn’t actually kill him with this one attack, but he would take a
certain amount of damage.
As he twisted and turned hard to his left, the black beams
came after him, radiating a ravenous hunger. No matter how fast
he maneuvered, not one of the homing beams faltered in its unerring pursuit. He might have been able to shake them if he flew
straight ahead at full speed forever, but that was no different
from running anyway.

And he didn’t have the slightest intention of fleeing. Instead,
Haruyuki spread his wings and put on the emergency brakes;
hovering in midair, he turned to face them.
The six beams pressed in on him, tangling up with one another
in a complex way. Faint smiles bled onto the faces of the six Burst
Linkers on the ground, perhaps taking Haruyuki’s stopping as a
sign of surrender. As if acting in concert, Haruyuki also smiled
coldly under his thick visor.
Right hand gripping his sword, he crossed his arms in front of
his chest. He arrogantly threw his head back and stared at the jetblack Incarnate bullets closing in on him. Stopped at an altitude
of thirty meters, he drew the beams in and drew them still closer.
When they were on the verge of showering down on his entire
body in a direct hit, he muttered quietly:
“Flash Blink.”
Bwaan! Leaving behind only a momentary vibration, Silver Crow
—or rather, the sixth Chrome Disaster, disappeared. Having lost
their locked-on target, the dark beams raced around for a few seconds before erupting in black flames, some in the sky, some
plunging through buildings on the ground.
Haruyuki, meanwhile, was already scattering a blackish-silver
light as he materialized essentially right beside the six ISS kit
wearers standing on the ground.
Flash Blink: The special attack of the ancient Burst Linker who
gave birth to the Armor of Catastrophe in the Accelerated World
—or more precisely, who twisted with his rage and despair the
Destiny, the sixth star of the Seven Arcs, into the cursed Enhanced Armament the Disaster. The technique transformed his
body into minuscule particles and pseudo-teleported them instantly to a distant location.

Haruyuki didn’t even know that long-ago Burst Linker’s name.
His strange dream inside the Castle was all he had, a piece of a
fragmented memory of something that had happened in the distant past. There shouldn’t have been any way for Haruyuki to remember what he looked like or what techniques he had used. And
yet he had understood—no, he had known. That the Haruyuki of
that moment could use this power now.
One of the kit wearers—a duel avatar with dull, dark brown
armor and a left hand with gun barrels for fingers—did indeed
stare with surprise at Haruyuki’s sudden appearance.
“Da…” He moved to thrust out his right hand as he called the
name of the technique. But that hand was still facing straight up,
not aimed at Haruyuki, and he tried to rotate it further back, ignoring his actual range of possible movement. And then a dark
silver line ran across the base of his shoulder. The arm was
quickly removed from the torso and fell to the ground of the
Demon City stage with a noisy clack.
With lightning speed, Haruyuki had drawn the longsword in
his right hand and severed his enemy’s arm in the same stroke.
Similar to Flash Blink, this was not a technique he had originally been able to use. Unlike Takumu—Cyan Pile—Haruyuki had
never studied kendo in the real world, and in all his time in the
Accelerated World, he had focused on bare-handed fighting. He
didn’t even know how to hold a sword-type Enhanced Armament,
much less swing one. But he no longer cared what was happening
to him. The intense urge to slice up the enemies before him and
banish them from this world filled his head and heart.
The dark brown avatar stared down at his own arm rolling
along the ground for a minute before finally twisting his face
mask up in the slightest bit of fear. “What are you…What is this
power…”
The voice leaked out from a mask fitted with round goggle-

type lenses. The pain of the injury apparently caught up with him
at last, and he pressed his left hand tightly over the opening at his
right shoulder. Perhaps reflecting the wearer’s agitation and suffering, the light from the eye on his chest—the ISS kit—also flickered irregularly.
But the kits of the five Burst Linkers standing to the rear all
shone redly after a tiny hint of a delay. As if they were sending out
energy, the kit in the brown avatar’s chest also regained its fierce
light. Apparently, these six belonged to the same “cluster,” to use
Takumu’s words. The fact that their ISS kits were linked meant
that they were as genetically close as clones—in other words, parent and child, or siblings. That said, linking them was only a temporarily advantageous agreement; it wasn’t anything that could
be called a “bond.” The fact that they had mercilessly hunted even
Bush Utan, ostensibly a member of the same group, was proof of
that.
Bond…
The instant the word popped up in his mind, something ached
deep inside Haruyuki. A sensation like a single ray of hazy sunlight shining in the frozen darkness. Someone’s voice echoed
from far, far, far away.
…emember…you, too…ave them…cious bonds…!
However, the overwhelming rage that immediately surged up
in him again pushed the light and the voice away. “There’s no
point in telling you my name,” Haruyuki muttered at the brown
avatar before him, a pale burning blizzard of fury sinking into
him. “Not when you’re going to disappear right here and now.”
“…Don’t get…carried away…” The eyes in the lenses glowed
red. The ISS kit pulsed in sync with the other five kits, like a
heart. Apparently, this avatar was also no longer feeling any pain,
although here in the Unlimited Neutral Field, it should have been
double that of the Normal Duel Field.

The brown avatar made a small signal with his left hand as he
pulled it away from his wound. Instantly, the other five moved
quickly to surround Haruyuki. The brown one was apparently
their leader, but now, having lost an arm, the spearhead of the
opposition would have switched to someone else. Deciding to
crush that one with his next blow, Haruyuki started to turn
around.
But his feet abruptly, heavily stopped. When he looked down,
he saw that at some point a gleaming green liquid had crept up to
his feet, and two hands were reaching out from it to hold his ankles fast. It was almost, but not quite like the terrain effect Ensnare in the Cemetery stage. The liquid and the hands rising up
from it were the melted arms of the duel avatar standing to the
left. When the slender avatar met Haruyuki’s eyes, a sneer
crossed the simple elliptical mask. Olive Grab.
Haruyuki casually stabbed the hands grabbing his feet with
the tip of the longsword dangling from his right hand. But the
sharp metal met no resistance and simply sank in; it didn’t appear to do any damage. Apparently, in this state, Olive was impervious to physical attacks as he held his target with incredible
force. The Armor likely hadn’t shown him this in the list of anticipated attacks because he had focused his gaze solely on the brown
avatar.
The remaining five avatars spread out equidistant around the
captured Haruyuki and raised their left hands in a perfectly coordinated motion. A viscous inky aura blanketed tightly clenched
fists.
“Heh-heh, we’ll squeeze all your points out of you, too, every
last one,” Brown said, in a creaking voice.
Now, again, text cut across his field of view: PREDICTED ATTACK/INCARNATE ATTACK; RANGE/POWER ENHANCEMENT/NIHILISTIC ENERGY TYPE; THREAT LEVEL/30. The red predicted trajectory lines
pierced Haruyuki directly from five different directions.

The five avatars brandishing their fists above their heads
dashed forward together, shouting as one voice, “Dark Blow!!”
The straight punches cloaked in darkness shot forward, burning the virtual atmosphere. However great the Armor’s defensive
strength, if he was hit dead-on with five power-enhanced Incarnate attacks at the same time, he would take a fair bit of damage.
But Haruyuki stared coolly at the approaching fists. Only their attack power was enhanced with Incarnate; the speed was not
much greater than a beginner’s. Given Haruyuki’s rich history of
special training to dodge the rifle bullets of red-type snipers, they
were so slow, he was practically yawning. Once more, he drew the
attacks well in, and then, when their auras were on the verge of
making contact, he muttered the technique name beneath his
visor.
Flash Blink.
Only a low vibration noise remained as the blackish-silver
avatar disappeared from the spot. Olive Grab’s liquid fists
clutched emptily at the air. Haruyuki teleported three meters or
so to the rear and rematerialized, still in his standing position.
Before him, the five fists, having lost their target and with no
hope of pulling back now, crashed into one another.
The sound of the collision was almost enough to rip the heavens open. Jet-black flames shot up and momentarily blanketed
his field of view. He merely turned his face away slightly and allowed the flow of concentrated energy pushing at him to pass.
When the blanket of flames had dissipated, five duel avatars
came into view, rolling around on the ground and moaning. All
had lost their left arms, right from the shoulder. The wounds
looked as though the arms had been ripped off; the pain was, no
doubt, far beyond that of having an arm cleanly sliced off with a
sharp blade.
“That…you…”

Olive Grab sounded stunned, but without so much as glancing
at him, Haruyuki took a few steps to place his right foot on the
chest of a particular fallen avatar. Owner of reddish-brown
armor, leader of the six. Now that he was missing both arms,
however, he could no longer use Dark Shot or Dark Blow. Unable
to even speak, the other avatar simply blinked the lenses of both
eyes.
“Don’t fall for the same trick twice,” Haruyuki said, in a low
voice.
Getting caught by the same technique—in this case, narrow
evasion with Flash Blink—in another battle on a different day was
one thing, but in the same battle, it was the height of stupidity.
The rivals Haruyuki had previously fought ruthlessly would have
grasped the nature and power of the technique just by seeing him
dodge the first beam and would have responded immediately.
Naturally, those rivals included Ash Roller.
Ash must have hated it, being hunted by players like this,
swaggering with easy power, forgetting the basics of the duel, relying on numbers. The instant this thought crossed Haruyuki’s
mind, his chest began to throb and ache again, but even that feeling was soon replaced by a blind rage.
Without considering how he must have looked to the eyes of
Ash Roller in a ghost state awaiting regeneration very nearby,
Haruyuki poured his strength into his right foot and the sharp
talons readied there. Beneath his foot, he felt the ISS kit parasitizing the chest of the brown avatar pounding.
“Ngah…! Hnngh…Hah!” A clear cry of anguish gushed out
from the avatar’s mouth. Having lost both arms, he struggled and
flailed as if trying to scratch at the earth, but the knifelike talons
of the Armor dug deep into his chest to hold him fast. Finally,
cracks radiated across the angular armor, and a florid light effect
splashed out into the air.

Spurred on by his fury, Haruyuki brutally cut down the health
gauge of his enemy, while one part of his mind raced with digital
thoughts, an independent processor.
Was it possible to selectively destroy the ISS kits? If he could,
he assumed something would probably happen when he did. He
had noted earlier that the ISS kits were linked to one another
through an invisible circuit. But rather than being a “peer-topeer” type where kits with terminals were directly connected to
each other, that connection was a central authority “client server”
type. Perhaps it was possible that the instant a kit was destroyed,
some sort of signal was sent to the main body of the kits that had
to exist somewhere in the Accelerated World.
Still feeling the pulsation of the ISS kit under his foot,
Haruyuki pushed his foot down mercilessly.
“Ngaaah! S-sto…Gah…Aaaaaah!!” The earsplitting scream
rang out at the same time as the strange sound of the duel
avatar’s torso cracking into pieces. The avatar split into upper
and lower halves to the left and right of Haruyuki’s foot, and before he could let out one final scream, his health gauge dropped
to zero in an instant, and a red light jetted from his body as he exploded into tiny fragments.
Haruyuki coolly observed the death of the opponent he had so
cruelly slaughtered. Silver Crow’s foot had indeed pushed
through the ISS kit of the brown avatar. But judging from the
death effect and the amount added to his special-attack gauge, he
assumed that no Enhanced Armament destruction had taken
place. Which meant that even if the ISS kit was pinpointed and
attacked directly with a normal physical attack, only his opponent’s health gauge would decrease. The kit itself could not be destroyed like that.
As robotic thoughts ran through Haruyuki’s mind, one of the
enemies he had knocked aside finally stood up to his right. “Fall
back! Forget Cocoa Cracker!” he shouted briefly.

Cocoa Cracker was probably the name of the brown avatar
Haruyuki had crushed and killed with his foot. Just like a hastily
assembled gang to abandon their ostensible leader so easily. Olive
Grab continued to stand motionless in front of Haruyuki, but the
four avatars had no sooner nodded at one another than started to
run south.
So they were planning to escape through the leave point at
Shibuya Station, farther along down Meiji Street. Judging from
the direction of his gaze, the unmoving Olive was waiting to build
up his gauge to use his abilities again.
Haruyuki stood and stared at the four avatars racing off at top
speed. He had not the slightest intention of letting them get away,
however. He plunged the sword he clutched into the ground and
raised his now-empty hands. He spread five sharp fingers wide
and targeted the two on the ends of the fleeing foursome. He
snapped his wrists back.
Ksshk! A small silver light launched from the lower part of his
palms. He dragged out glittering platinum tails in the air, the
lights chasing like gunshots after the two avatars running hard a
few dozen meters away. They caught up to them immediately,
and hit perfectly on target in the middle of the Armor on their
backs. A dry, metallic sound echoed through the stage, but the
pair continued to run, not even staggering. They appeared to have
taken essentially no damage.
But…
When Haruyuki pulled his arms back a bit, he felt a heavy resistance, and the two Burst Linkers in the distance lost their footing. They stumbled and tried intently to kick at the ground, but
their bodies did not move forward. Finally, they angled backward,
their feet peeling away from the road, and they let out highpitched cries as they flew back in a straight line. More accurate,
they were pulled back, whether they liked it or not, by the extremely fine wires launched from Haruyuki’s palms. The power of

Wire Hook, an ability secreted away in the Armor of Catastrophe.
In the blink of an eye, Haruyuki had yanked them back to
where they started. He plunged the talons of his hands into their
backs down to the knuckles to hold them fast and lift them up.

“P-put me down!”
“No way! He’s not using IS mode. How come he has this kind
of power?!”
Their voices as they struggled and fought, insects stabbed with
pins, were nothing more than cacophonous noise to Haruyuki.
Concentrating an image in both hands, he uttered, in a nearly inflectionless voice, “Laser Sword.”
Zzvsssh! A heavy vibration shook the earth. Long, endless Incarnate swords stretched out from the hands of Silver Crow clad
in the Armor of Catastrophe, piercing the prey he had captured.
But the swords were not their original silver; they were dyed with
an inky black overlay reminiscent of the abyss of space.
Large holes ripped open their chests, much less the critical
point of their hearts, and the two duel avatars rose up over a
meter into the air from the aftereffects of the incredible attack
power and shattered.
Haruyuki lowered his hands, the two death effect colors reflecting off his dull silver armor. Through his visor, he could see
the remaining two enemies pushing themselves to flee at even
greater speed. Already, they were almost a hundred meters away.
Naturally, he could have caught them easily if he used the wings
on his back. But Haruyuki instead grabbed his longsword from
the ground, dropped his hips, and yanked the blade back hard
above his right shoulder.
With the sharp tip of the sword, he set his sights precisely on
the two avatars. Their silhouettes were already not even specks,
but perhaps as an effect of the additional layer added to his field
of view by the Armor, he experienced no loss of resolution. Coolly
measuring his timing, the instant the bodies of the pair running
started to overlap into one—

“Laser Lance.”
The sword in his right hand charged forward at the same time
as he called the technique name. The dark aura encircling the
blade transformed into a lance and shot off into space. The movement to launch the attack was basically the same as the Black
King, Black Lotus’s Vorpal Strike Incarnate attack, which it was
modeled after, but Haruyuki was unconscious of this as he
watched for results with narrowed eyes.
Off in the distance of Meiji Street, just as the two avatars were
disappearing down the slope of Miyamasu-zaka, the Incarnate
lance mercilessly skewered their backs. The avatars ran another
few steps with massive craters in the middle of their bodies, as if
they didn’t notice what had happened to them, before finally staggering and exploding, accompanied by the faint noise of destruction and a burst of extinction light.
Shouldering the sword that he pulled back slowly, Haruyuki
turned to his final enemy—Olive Grab, the avatar with the ability
to turn to liquid.
This was not the first time they had squared off. After school
on Monday, three days earlier, when he had tag-teamed in the
Suginami area with the “shrine maiden of the conflagration,”
Ardor Maiden, she happened to select as their opponent the
combo of Bush Utan and Olive Grab from the matching list. At
that time, Haruyuki had been no match for Utan when he activated his ISS kit, but Maiden had gotten away from Olive without
a scratch, even though he had to have been using the same dark
Incarnate. Of course, she did have all the power one would expect
from an Element of the former Nega Nebulus, but that probably
wasn’t the whole story. There had to have been some kind of
overwhelming difference in affinities.
As Haruyuki coolly followed this thread, not a shred of emotion entering into his calculations, Olive continued to stand before him rather than fleeing. It wasn’t as though he had a choice.

Haruyuki wasn’t sure if Olive was aware that he was the legendary destroyer Chrome Disaster, but either way, Olive was
cowering with fear at the overwhelming battle prowess that had
slaughtered his five companions before his eyes. As proof, his entire body, slickly shining as if it were wet, was trembling.
“Hurry…Hurry…” The hoarse voice that slipped out of his
mouth was directed at his own special-attack gauge. His eyes
traveled back and forth and back and forth between Haruyuki,
leisurely beginning to move, and his recharging gauge.
Right around the time the longsword came down from Silver
Crow’s shoulder to scrape dryly against the ground, Olive
shouted, “Lipid Liquid!”
The call of the technique name was practically a falsetto.
Splsh! His slender body immediately melted away. His avatar
completely lost shape, transforming into a large olive-green puddle spreading out on the ground. In this state, he was likely invulnerable to all pure physical attacks.
And apparently, he still had the ability to move, since the puddle was charging toward one of the buildings lining both sides of
the road, in a movement like the Slime that often showed up in
fantasy-type games. If he fled into the elaborate terrain of the
Demon City stage, it would be a pain to find him again.
But again, Haruyuki had not allowed Olive to use his special
attack because he hadn’t been paying attention. The greenishbrown puddle bulged in the center. Looking closely, he could see
a black sphere wrapped up there. The ISS kit. Olive might have
had the ability to become a liquid, but he couldn’t change the kit,
which was treated as Enhanced Armament, into one.
Haruyuki had deliberately brought about this situation. Staring at the slippery puddle as it receded, he took a deep breath.
Soon, the sensation of something prickly bouncing about filled
his chest. He let it build up and then blew it out as hard as he

could.
Released from the maw of the brutal helmet was not simple
air, but rather flames burning hot and red. The ability: Flame
Breath.
Perhaps sensing something, the puddle moved intensely toward the building. But there was no way for it to escape the
flames that radiated outward, scorching the air as they did. The
instant the blazing breath touched it, the puddle burst into flames
with a roar.
The breath soon scattered and disappeared, but the flames
blanketing the puddle did not. Almost as if the puddle itself was a
flammable material—or rather, that was exactly what it was. The
liquid that Olive Grab changed himself into was not water, but
oil. The reason Ardor Maiden defeated him so thoroughly was because he was deeply incompatible with fire.
Even as a liquid, Olive wouldn’t have lost his physical sensations. The lump of flaming oil bounced wildly from side to side.
Haruyuki himself had been bathed in the fiery breath of the God
Suzaku several times in the Unlimited Neutral Field, and the sensation of heat had been all too real. If Olive Grab was continuously experiencing anything on that level, the pain must have
been unbearable.
But the Haruyuki of that moment did not care about the suffering of his enemies. He walked over to the puddle of oil, motionless now perhaps having exhausted even the will to writhe,
and casually stretched out a hand. He dug his sharp fingers into
the burning lump. Soon, they encountered a sphere about five
centimeters in diameter, and he grabbed on to it tightly. He could
feel the unpleasant sensation of countless fibers tearing away as
he pulled out a red eyeball hidden almost entirely behind its lids
—the ISS kit.
The handling of Enhanced Armament was a little different in

the Unlimited Neutral Field than it was in the Normal Duel Field.
First, once they were destroyed, external items did not regenerate
even if the owner died and came back to life. In order to use Enhanced Armament items again, the owner had to exit the field
through a leave-point and then return.
Also—and this depended on the type of item—it was possible
to temporarily steal an item as long as the original owner was
alive. To steal it, another Burst Linker needed to pick it up from
the place where it was dropped or sever it from where it was
equipped. Haruyuki was currently attempting the latter. Having
rendered the liquefied Olive Grab helpless with his Flame Breath,
he was ripping the kit out before Olive’s HP gauge was emptied.
This way, the ownership would remain with Olive Grab in the system, but usage rights would transfer to Haruyuki.
Naturally, he had not the slightest intention of equipping it
himself. His aim was just the opposite.
He had earlier confirmed that the kit itself could not be destroyed when the health gauge of the wearer dropped to zero in
an attack. In which case, he would first separate avatar and kit,
and then attack the kit itself.
A ferocious grin spreading across his face beneath his visor,
Haruyuki concentrated his strength in his right hand. His razorsharp talons dug into the rubbery surface of the eye. Instantly,
the eyelids snapped open, and the bloodred pupil shuddered.
The blood vessel–type structure dangling helplessly from the
rear of the eyeball writhed and came together in the tapered form
of a drill. This drill bit then attempted to pierce the armor of
Haruyuki’s right arm—it was giving up on its original owner and
trying to parasitize Haruyuki. Something similar had happened in
the duel with Takumu the previous evening. The blood vessels of
the kit had easily pieced Silver Crow’s chest then, but the thick
armor of the Armor of Catastrophe easily repelled the drill.

“Useless,” Haruyuki said, and put every ounce of strength he
had into his right hand.
Spplrrk! The sound of the rupture was disgusting, and was followed by an unusual metallic death rattle echoing through the air
as the ISS kit crumbled into pieces and scattered.
Now that he had destroyed an ISS kit in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, he was sure something would happen.
His expectation was not betrayed. From his right hand, a single thread of red light danced into the sky, turned sharply at a
ninety-degree angle high up, and began to fly. The light was impossibly faint; if he didn’t have the enhanced vision of the Disaster, he probably wouldn’t have even noticed it.
Beside him, Olive Grab finally exhausted his health gauge and
scattered as he returned to his original human shape. But
Haruyuki did not so much as glance at him as he spread the
wings on his back.
On the verge of taking off to chase after the light that had
slipped out of the kit, Haruyuki caught sight of the two death
markers nestled together a little ways off. One grassy green, the
other gray. Bush Utan and Ash Roller, killed by the six kit wearers.
He had ostensibly raced over here to help them. But the priority he placed on them now had dropped to a relatively low level.
What filled his heart instead was the urge to destroy and massacre, not placated in the least by routing the six Burst Linkers. If
he stayed in that place any longer, he might attack even the regenerated Ash and Utan.
Thus, Haruyuki turned the focus of the rage that spurred him
to destroy onto the ISS kits themselves. But, unaware of even
these changes in his own heart, he turned aside and called back
over his shoulder to the two avatars likely watching in a ghost

state.
“When you regenerate, get out through a portal before those
guys come back to life,” he announced curtly, in a creaking voice,
and then he took to the air from the scene of slaughter that the
intersection had become.

2
Against the backdrop of the shades of black and blue of the
Demon City stage, it was easy to pick out the red light that had escaped from the ISS kit. Ascending vertically until he was nearly at
the swirling black clouds, Haruyuki caught sight of the luminous
body flying quickly dead east.
“I won’t let you get away,” he started to say, but what spilled
out from beneath his helmet was:
“Graaar!”
Nothing but the howl of a Beast.
He vibrated the now-sinister-looking metal wings with all his
might. Looking very much like a bird of prey chasing its dinner,
Silver Crow—the sixth Chrome Disaster sliced through the black
clouds.
The rage that had boiled over in him immediately after summoning the Armor had vanished at some point and been replaced
with something cold and honed that could have been called the
will to destroy. Or perhaps this was something Haruyuki had unconsciously brought about himself to avoid attacking Ash Roller
and Bush Utan, but his mind was in no position to recognize that
at that moment.
In that instant, a single determination and two facts were
pushing Haruyuki onward.
Determination: He could not forgive the ISS kit wearers or the
makers of those kits.

Fact number one: Those Acceleration Research Society guys
created and distributed the ISS kits.
Fact number two: The black layered avatar planned the incident that would serve as the trigger for the birth of the Armor of
Catastrophe.
The layered avatar—Black Vise, the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society—had barged into the final stages of the
battle against Dusk Taker and toyed with Haruyuki and his
friends. A fearsome enemy equipped with a terrifyingly powerful
Incarnate attack whose tone and attitude were very much not
those of a junior high or high school student. And due to the
brain implant chip he had in his head, he possessed the ability to
“decelerate” and slow his thought clock, making lying in wait for a
long time in the Unlimited Neutral Field, where time flowed a
thousand times faster than it normally did in reality, an easy feat.
A very, very long time ago, this Black Vise set up a heartless
trap and drove one Burst Linker to total point loss with the first
Unlimited Enemy Kill in the Accelerated World. Due to the rage
and grief brought about by that incident, the sixth star of the
Seven Arcs, the Destiny, became warped, turning into the Armor
of Catastrophe, the Disaster.
These were facts Haruyuki should not have actually known.
The birth of the Catastrophe was at the dawn of the Accelerated
World—seven years earlier. In contrast, only eight months had
passed since he’d become a Burst Linker.
And yet he did not think it strange that the fathomless hatred
and resentment toward the layered avatar Black Vise raced
through his whole body as his own memories.
I will not forgive you. I’ll never forgive you. All of you who
created and distributed the ISS kits, led Takumu astray, hurt
Ash.

I will find and kill the ones who murdered…with the fangs of
the mythical beast Jormungand over and over and over. Just
like that day, I will inflict the maximum amount of pain and suffering. I will keep killing them endlessly until their points are
used up.
His determination hidden within him at absolute zero,
Haruyuki flew intently after the red body of light. East from the
northern part of the Shibuya area. He swept past Aoyama Street
and the large school grounds beyond it in a single breath. The
place coming into view up ahead packed with the small square
stones was probably Aoyama Cemetery. The light flew along
above the countless gravestones as if pulled in by something.
If this ball of light was the “core” of the ISS kit Haruyuki destroyed, then what lay ahead had to be the main body. In the middle of the previous night, Haruyuki had been sleeping while directing with Takumu and was led to the mysterious interior of the
Brain Burst central server through the imagination circuit. What
he saw there was a galaxy of light, interweaving all the data saved
and processed in the Accelerated World, along with a lump of
black meat, eating into a corner of the space and writhing—the
main body of the ISS kits.
In this world, Haruyuki succeeded in destroying the kit housed
in Takumu, but that made it seemingly impossible for them to return to the central server once more and attack the main body.
When he thought about it, however, the fact that it was inscribed
within the server as data meant that the main body existed as an
object somewhere in the field that was the game world. Just like
how the Seven Arcs, which glittered within the server like a constellation, existed in the field in the form of swords and armor.
And if the ISS main body was hiding, then it wouldn’t be in
the normal field, where creation and annihilation happened over
and over; it would be somewhere in the eternal Unlimited Neutral Field. If he tailed the red body of light, he was bound to arrive
at it. And wherever it was, one of them was bound to show up. Ei-

ther the despised Black Vise or one of his friends.
“Grrr…” A groan he couldn’t suppress spilled out of his throat.
Now.
Now, finally, the time was at hand. The time for the revenge he
as the Catastrophe had been waiting these many months and
years for, as he moved through the minds of Burst Linkers. He
would decapitate them all, tear their limbs off, smash them to
pieces. No matter what came as a result. Even if he lost his last
shred of reason and became a demon god, indiscriminately attacking every Burst Linker and destroying the Accelerated World
itself. Actually, that was a fitting end to this savage world of battle.
Tearing the thick blanket of clouds immediately above his
head with the shock wave emitted by the wings on his back,
Haruyuki flew with single-minded determination. The red light
fled intently a mere hundred meters ahead, almost as though it
had a will of its own.
Beyond it, a remarkably tall building appeared. Judging from
its position in relation to the road, the building, surrounded by
decorative pillars with the sharp edges characteristic of the
Demon City stage, was Tokyo Midtown Tower, the mixed-use
commercial structure in Minato Ward’s Akasaka in the real
world. The body of light appeared to be descending, aiming for
somewhere near the top floor of the building. This was it. The
physical main body of the ISS kits in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
I will crush it!!
Brimming with the desire to destroy, Haruyuki pushed his flying speed to the limit.
Or he was going to. Immediately before he could, somewhere
below him to the right, he felt like he could hear a voice. And no

mere words. The call of a technique name.
“Parsec Wall.”
It was unfamiliar, the low, solemn voice of a boy, reminiscent of
stark, craggy mountains. At the same time, Haruyuki’s field of
view was painted over by a dark-green light.
A wall. One after another, countless large green crosses—bigger than a person—appeared and joined seamlessly together to
create a very wide and very tall wall. He couldn’t tell how far it
continued in any direction, and if he detoured around it, he might
lose sight of the body of light flying on the other side. Rather than
finding the Burst Linker who produced this wall, his top priority
was on discovering where that red light was going. He could deal
with any intruders some other time.
“Raaah!” With a low roar, Haruyuki brought up a black Incarnate overlay in his left hand. Without the slowing down, he brandished his fist and smashed it into the green wall.
The instant the dull silver aviator and the rich green defensive
wall collided, the incredible impact set heaven and earth shaking
in the Accelerated World. But the wall did not break. The herd of
crosses slid back and forth incrementally, absorbing the collision
and sending it radiating outward to stop Haruyuki’s charge.
The current Haruyuki was no longer Silver Crow, whose only
strength was speed. He was now the ultimate fighting machine,
layering power and defense onto that speed, the sixth Chrome
Disaster. And he also had the thick Incarnate aura on his fist. The
fact that the wall had repelled this blow most certainly meant that
it was the product of someone’s Incarnate technique.
“Grar…” A groan of annoyance slipping out, Haruyuki pulled
back the left fist he had thrust forward. There was no damage to
his armor or his health gauge, but there was also no sign of a

crack in the green wall. Spreading his wings to hover, he slowly
turned his head and peered in the direction of the earlier technique call.
To the right—basically, due south. At a point about five hundred meters away, the space separated by the elevated Shuto Expressway No. 3, a building roughly as tall as Midtown Tower rose
up into the sky. The main tower of the similarly large-scale
mixed-use Roppongi Hills.
On the roof was a large heliport, and in the center, two human
figures stood. One had his left hand held high, a dazzling green
overlay gushing from it. No mistake, this was the source of the Incarnate wall repelling Haruyuki.
“Then I’ll take care of you first,” he muttered, and leisurely
changed his orientation. The body of light he had been chasing,
the core of the ISS kit, had probably slipped into Midtown Tower
by now. It wouldn’t be easy to hunt down the kit’s main body in
the enormous building, but if he had to, he could just destroy the
building itself. He would think of this battle with the two intruders as a way to recharge the special-attack gauge he had used up
flying at full speed.
Resting the sword dangling from his right hand on his shoulder, Haruyuki started flying again.
The roof of Roppongi Hills Mori Tower was about a hundred
meters lower than the altitude he had been hovering at, so he basically only had to glide in. Clawing at the hard tiles with the
talons of both feet, Haruyuki landed on the northern side of the
heliport.
He turned his gaze to first stare at the Burst Linker using the
large-scale defensive Incarnate technique, but the second Burst
Linker quickly pushed in front. It was a duel avatar he’d never
seen before. Medium build. Basically the same size as Haruyuki
in his current incarnation. The silhouette was orthodox, but two

things drew his eye.
One was the fact that both hands were ridiculously large. And
they didn’t look like they had been enlarged like Olive Grab’s, but
rather as if they were wrapped in round, thick gloves. And the
second characteristic was the color of the Armor. The dull gleam
reflecting the hazy sunlight was clearly metallic. There was no
doubt he was looking at one of the few metal colors in the Accelerated World.
Haruyuki then shifted his gaze to the one behind the metal
avatar, the large duel avatar who continued to hold his left arm
up into the sky.
He had seen this one before. And not just that. The color, the
form. He had come face-to-face with him only once before, but
even if he tried to forget, the other avatar was filled with such an
absolute sense of presence, forgetting him was almost impossible.
The Armor plates, radiating a weightiness, were a green so
pure, it could almost be compared with nothing else. The limb
and chest plates were fat and thick, but the key points were
tensed, so there was nothing lumbering in the impression he
made. To sum it up in one phrase, a great tree—ruler of the earth,
towering forever above the land without the slightest tremor in
the face of any storm.
It wasn’t possible to mistake a Burst Linker with this kind of
pressure for anyone else, but Haruyuki, his mind fused with the
Armor of Catastrophe, still found it hard to believe. Given that
they had interfered with his pursuit of the body of light, he had to
conclude that the pair were ISS kit makers—in other words,
members of the Acceleration Research Society. But Haruyuki had
seen the green avatar seated at the meeting of the Seven Kings
the other day. And not as an attendant, but as one of the key players at the meeting.
When Haruyuki soundlessly focused his gaze on him, unable

to completely push aside his misgivings, the green avatar
abruptly lowered the hand he had held aloft all this time. At the
same time as the intense overlay housed in his arm weakened, the
wall embedded in the sky vanished from the corner of Haruyuki’s
eye.
But the light didn’t completely disappear. Still lodged in the
avatar’s left arm, it spread out into a square and gained substance. What appeared was a shield, glittering a remarkably pure
green as though an enormous emerald had been carved into a
panel.
The priority, which was enough to faintly distort the surrounding air, was not something regular Enhanced Armaments had.
Which meant it was an Arc. The large shield was the gamma of
the Seven Stars, the Strife.
There was definitely no doubt now. The green avatar who had
generated a wall large enough to connect earth and sky with an
Incarnate technique and repel Haruyuki’s forward motion was
one of the Seven Kings of Pure Color, ruler of the major Legion
Great Wall, the strongest person reigning in the Accelerated
World.
“Green King…Green Grandé.” Haruyuki said the name in a
hoarse, creaking voice.
There was, of course, pressure in being face-to-face with a
king, but the emotions beyond that made him forget his fear. An
aura of black flames dancing around his body, he turned toward
the avatar, who was a head taller than himself. “Are you…the
mastermind?” he asked. “Was it you who made the ISS kits and
distributed them?”
If his opponent moved his head in the slightest gesture of assent, Haruyuki was ready to use the sword in his right hand to cut
him down without a moment’s delay. But the Green King only
looked quietly at Haruyuki with strangely amber-colored eye

lenses, evincing no reaction at all.
“What the—?!” the metal color standing in front of the king
shouted back instead. His head was a simple cylindrical shape,
but that gave it a sense of toughness as the avatar shook it and
turned a glove-shaped fist toward Haruyuki.
“Silver Crow—no, Chrome Disaster! You’re the ally of the Society here!” he spat. “That filthy overlay is proof of that! The Six
Kings were kind enough to give you a whole week to purify yourself, and here you are sneaking around behind the scenes, the
height of cowardliness! You really are the child of the biggest traitor in the Accelerated World!”
The instant this line echoed through his brain, something
pinched unexpectedly within Haruyuki. He wouldn’t simply kill
this one. As he resolved himself, a part of his brain was analyzing
the information like an automated digital circuit.
These two were already aware that the duel avatar standing
before them was Silver Crow after summoning the Armor of Catastrophe. Still, that wasn’t especially strange. Although the Accelerated World was large, even newbies knew that the only one who
could continuously fly was the crow from Nega Nebulus, and the
kings and their closer associates would naturally have the information that Silver Crow had been parasitized by the Armor of
Catastrophe. And Haruyuki’s current form had been revealed before the eyes of several hundred spectators in the final stages of
the Hermes’ Cord race the other day.

Setting aside the question of the Green King, Haruyuki should
have actually commended the courage of the metal color, perhaps, who not only did not tremble in the face of the legendary
destroyer, but even spit such challenging words at him. Naturally,
he gave voice to none of this and simply let his thoughts run further along.
If he was sincerely cursing Haruyuki out for being a friend to
the Acceleration Research Society, that meant the two Green Legion avatars were not members of the Society. But if that was the
case, then why would they interfere with Haruyuki chasing that
body of light? And there was one more thing he definitely could
not shut his eyes to. Before they fought, he had to ask this at least.
“If you say you’re not allies of the Society,” Haruyuki began,
staring at the headgear-shaped face mask of the metal color,
“then how can you just be standing around here?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“A mere three kilometers away, only a few minutes ago, two
members of Great Wall were murdered several times by ISS kit
wearers. If you were this close, why didn’t you go help them?”
As he gave voice to this question, the image of Ash Roller
being pierced through the chest and scattering in all directions
flashed across the back of his mind, and Haruyuki once again felt
the absolute-zero rage race through his veins. A howl he couldn’t
suppress slid out from under his visor, a growl.
“Ngh!” The metal color swallowed his breath.
Haruyuki took a step toward him and glared at his opponent
from beneath his visor. “Or is it that you don’t give a crap how
much the subordinate members of your Legion suffer, or if they
end up in total point loss?” he said, in a voice that was almost not
a voice. “And you think someone like you has the right to call any-

one a coward or a traitor?”
Spitting words like pale flames, Haruyuki was still not aware
of another enormous contradiction that existed within his own
self. What he desired as the sixth Chrome Disaster was revenge
on the layered avatar Black Vise, who had killed his beloved in
the distant past, and the end of the Accelerated World itself,
which was nothing more than a cradle for this kind of tragedy.
And naturally, that included the annihilation of the people
Haruyuki now loved.
However, the Haruyuki left inside the Armor as Silver Crow
still believed in and desired the many bonds he had built in this
world. Which was exactly why he got angry when his parent
Kuroyukihime was insulted and felt that he couldn’t forgive the
Green Legion senior members for not protecting Ash Roller. Perhaps this double standard was proof that Haruyuki was still not
completely fused with the Armor of Catastrophe, or perhaps it
was because the Enhanced Armament Destiny itself had originally possessed these two faces. That said, this internal struggle
did not show on the outside. Haruyuki took another step, an evermore-intense aura gushing out of him.
“Th-that was…” The dull gray metal color, holding his ground,
hung his head slightly and groaned. “We have something important—”
“There’s nothing more important than the lives of your Legion
members! Guys who don’t even try to protect their friends are
worse garbage than the Acceleration Research Society. Right
now…I am going to make you both disappear from the Accelerated World!!” Crying out sharply, he sliced sideways with the
longsword on his shoulder.
The eyes of the downcast metal color shone, accompanied by
the heavy sound of vibration. Slowly raising his face, he stared at
Haruyuki. “What do you…know? We, our king…Do you know
how much time we’ve sacrificed for the Accelerated World…Who

exactly has been protecting and maintaining this world you all
happily come to have fun fighting in…”
At that moment.
The Green King, who had kept silent until that point, made a
move. That said, he simply took a step back and crossed his arms
behind the great shield. However, the metal color seemed to take
some kind of intent from this movement and stopped speaking,
dropping his head as his entire body stiffened with a snap once
more. Finally, he lifted his face and spoke as if he had decided
something.
“Right from the get-go, I didn’t think we could do this without
fighting you, aka the Catastrophe. Action before words. All that’s
left is to talk with our fists.” He drew back his right foot, bending
at the knee, and in a sudden change, danced about with light,
nimble footwork. He raised his massive fists and readied them in
front of his body side by side. “Third seat of Great Wall’s Six Armors, level seven, Iron Pound. We’re not waiting for the meeting
of the Seven Kings in three days; we’re getting rid of you right
here and now!”
Taking in the proudly shouted name, Haruyuki opened his
mouth under his helmet. But he couldn’t name himself, couldn’t
shout back, member of Nega Nebulus, Silver Crow. Even if his
mental state was abnormal, he was all too painfully aware that
the way he was now, he had no right to that title. Thus, he murmured the name of the cursed armor, “Sixth Chrome Disaster.”
Perhaps in response to this name, the dark aura rising up from
all over the Armor abruptly increased in strength. As his upper
body continued to sway rhythmically, the enemy metal color Iron
Pound responded with a pale-blue aura lodged in his gloveshaped fists.
If the Six Armors was the name of a leader group equivalent to
the former Nega Nebulus’s Four Elements, then the avatar before

him was a powerful fighter who was ranked fourth in the enormous Legion Great Wall. And he was two levels ahead of the currently level-five Haruyuki. This opponent had power on such a
different level that, normally, Haruyuki’s chances of victory
would be slim, even if he took on the challenge prepared to die.
But now, he thought of Iron Pound up against him as nothing
more than an annoying object. His true objective was the Green
King. The distrust and rage he felt toward Green Grandé—not
only had he not gone to rescue Ash Roller, supposedly a subordinate in his Legion, but he had interfered with Haruyuki’s pursuit
of the ISS kit—would not subside until he had taken the king’s
head.
First, he would take care of this interloper with a single blow.
Making this resolution to himself, Haruyuki placed his left hand
on the hilt of the longsword and brandished it high in the air. The
tip stopped at the peak, and just as he was about to start moving
it, a vivid red line pierced his washed-out field of view—the attack
prediction line. At the same time, the attack attribute information
display began. PREDICTED ATTACK: INCARNATE ATTACK; RANGE/POWER
ENHANCEMENT: STRIKING TYPE…
But that was as much of the small text message as he got to
read. Because with almost no delay after the moment the prediction line appeared, the enemy launched his Incarnate technique.
There was just the blink of a blue light, which even Haruyuki
could not make out, despite the fact that his eyes could pick out a
bullet fired from a rifle in the Accelerated World. Iron Pound
launched a series of frighteningly fast left punches, blow after
blow shooting out beyond his actual reach—which Haruyuki understood only after they slammed hard into his face and sent him
reeling.
“Grr…raaaah!!”
A howl of rage slipping out, he braced his feet and forcefully

brought down the longsword. The blade, tinged with the dark
aura, came down on the head of the enemy just as he finished his
attack.
Or not. What the sword actually caught was the afterimage of
Iron Pound left in Haruyuki’s vision. The point of his sword dug
deep into the heliport on the roof of Mori Tower, and the aftershocks from the power it contained produced sharp cracks several meters away. By that point, however, his enemy had already
cut around two meters to the left, and his fist glittered once more.
Bam! Babam! The blows popped the sides of his helmet rhythmically. This time, there was no chance for the attack prediction
lines to be displayed.
So fast!!
An incredible speed, exceeding even the calculation abilities of
the Armor of Catastrophe. The force of a single blow wasn’t that
great, but because there were so many of them, Haruyuki’s health
gauge was shaved down nearly 5 percent. Given that this small
technique was breaking past the incredible defensive power of the
Armor, it was clearly an Incarnate attack, but the ease of use was
somehow different from the techniques he had been hit with before.
As he pulled his sword from the floor and readied it in front of
his chest to check the enemy’s movements, Haruyuki searched for
the reason for this dissonance, and then realized what it was.
Pound wasn’t calling the technique name that always accompanied an Incarnate attack. So the launch of the technique was abnormally fast, and it was also hard to get a grip on the timing. In
the depths of his mind, fragments of the lecture from the Red
King Scarlet Rain came back to life from what already felt like the
long-distant past.
“The heart of an Incarnate technique is whether or not the
image is firmly fixed in your mind. Ideally, you wanna be able to

call it up as naturally as you do the abilities and special attacks
you had from the start. You were concentrating for nearly three
seconds from the time you crouched down to the time you moved.
That’s way too slow! So first, you give your technique a name, so
then you superimpose over the image with you shouting the name
as the trigger…”
Something deep in his heart throbbed, but Haruyuki forcefully
erased that emotion and sorted through the information in those
words.
Just as Niko had said, unlike a normal special attack, calling
out the technique name was not an action required by the system
for an Incarnate attack. The purpose of shouting the name of the
technique was to semi-automate the focusing of the imagination
as a conditioned reflex, so to speak, and speed up activation. Currently, it took Haruyuki approximately 1.5 seconds to go from a
natural, relaxed posture to finishing the release of his Incarnate
attack Laser Sword. However, without calling the technique
name, it took more than four seconds.
But the reason calling out the technique name was required to
begin with for normal Brain Burst special attacks was because it
was one restriction on releasing a powerful attack. Obviously, it
made surprise attacks from behind impossible, but more than
that, it informed the enemy of the attack timing and gave them
precious moments to respond. Which was why the strongest attack was actually a silent special attack. And the attack Iron
Pound was pummeling him with at that moment was precisely
that. A special attack without the call of the technique name. He
barely took even a tenth of a second from readying his fists to
launching the punch. It was only natural that the Armor’s attack
prediction line display couldn’t keep up.
However, no matter how fast, the attack was, in the end, nothing more than a bare-handed punch. Pound’s reach also appeared
to be extended with Incarnate, but it still wasn’t greater than the
reach of Haruyuki’s sword. If he met his enemy’s initial onslaught

with a slashing attack, the sword would land first.
Leisurely raising the sword to chest level, Haruyuki concentrated on his enemy’s movements. The way Iron Pound danced
about in small steps, his heels almost floating, made it hard to
predict what he would do next. But although he could neglect the
technique call as much as he wanted, he couldn’t hide the increase in overlay accompanying the activation of an Incarnate attack.
“Sh!” A sharp breath.
At the same time, Haruyuki saw the aura enveloping his
enemy’s left fist flash brightly.
The timing of his counterattack was perfect. Immediately before Iron Pound launched his punch, Haruyuki sliced downward
with his longsword. The distance between them was just enough
that his opponent’s fist could not reach him, but the tip of his
sword could just barely reach his opponent. The power in the
blade could easily slice through even the structures of the Demon
City stage, so it should have bisected his enemy’s headgear mask.
And yet…
In a move Haruyuki’s experience had led him to believe was
impossible, Iron Pound threw only his upper body back, leaving
his feet planted where they were. The deadly blade flowed
straight down into nothingness, leaving a few sparks in its wake.
A feint.
The enemy pretended to throw a left jab, inviting Haruyuki’s
attack. Successfully luring the sword in, he dodged it by simply
leaning back, and then, no sooner had Haruyuki been drawn in
deep than his enemy immediately shot his right fist out in a
straight line, a large rifle bullet.
Again, there was no technique call. But the powerful, focused

right hook of his enemy, wrapped in a thick aura, delivered a
scathing shot to Haruyuki’s face the instant he finished swinging
his sword. The impact was so great that he was surprised his helmet wasn’t shattered; in fact, the only reason Haruyuki managed
to avoid that level of damage was because he had reflexively
flapped his wings with all his might to push himself backward.
Even still, the instant the bomb hit him, his head snapped back
and his field of view went white. The power of the punch and the
force of his own retreat sent him flying more than ten meters
backward, reeling.
“Graar!” A howl of rage slipping out, he pulled his face back
down. Tiny fragments of metal fluttered off from the cracks in his
visor. Somehow, he managed to get the fitful magma of rage
erupting in him under control enough to speak. “That technique,”
he muttered. “Boxing?”
“Yeah.” Iron Pound nodded before him, smoothly pulling his
extended fist back to bring both hands neatly in front of his
mouth again. “There are basically no boxing-type Burst Linkers,
so I guess I’m pretty hard to deal with at first glance.”
He spoke the truth. Haruyuki had never once before dueled a
Burst Linker who used boxing techniques. There were a lot of
blue-type “strikers,” who had hands specialized for punching attacks, and he had fought them any number of times. But this was
the first opponent he had faced who had mastered techniques
from the sport of boxing to this extent and whose duel avatar was
a perfect boxer form as well.
Most likely, the flesh-and-blood player in the real world also
trained as a boxer. It would be hard to otherwise explain the perfect succession of those terrifyingly fast left punches (jabs), or the
defensive maneuver of throwing his body back like water flowing
(swaying), and the single-blow special attack of the right punch (a
straight).
The heavy weighting of “player skills”—abilities the flesh-and-

blood player possessed in the real world—in full-dive VR games
was said to have come about a few decades earlier. The tendency
for players who did kendo or who excelled in memorization to do
well in sword-and-sorcery VRMMO worlds was also carried over
to the VR fighting game Brain Burst.
But this so-called initial ability bonus was not large enough to
upset the balance of the Accelerated World. One reason was that
there were very few sporty Burst Linkers to begin with. Given the
fact that Brain Burst was in the end a net fighting game, most of
its players were children who liked games, i.e., the indoor type.
Naturally, there were exceptions like kendo-team Takumu and
track-and-field Chiyuri. But it wasn’t the case that the skills the
flesh-and-blood player had learned were always reflected as is in
the duel avatar. In fact, there were almost no such examples.
Takumu’s Cyan Pile had been created with a pile rather than a
sword, although he was a blue type, and Chiyuri’s Lime Bell was
not a particularly high-speed-motion type. And Haruyuki himself,
his obsession with first-person shooters would have been put to
better use if he had been born a red type equipped with at least
one gun rather than the empty-handed Silver Crow. This discrepancy itself was the second reason the initial bonus didn’t really affect the duel balance.
Still, that said, very rarely, a duel avatar was generated reflecting the knowledge, experience, and abilities of the flesh-andblood player as-is. Avatars like that were called…
“Perfect Match,” Haruyuki murmured.
Iron Pound nodded. “But,” he said, “that’s not the only reason
you can’t beat me. At Great Wall, yeah? We’ve spent the last few
years exhaustively researching the Armor of Catastrophe, so that
the next time for sure, you wouldn’t be allowed to wreak whatever
havoc you wanted and we could completely eliminate you from
the Accelerated World.”

“…Researching?”
“Exactly. Unfortunately, because of the mutual nonaggression
pact between the six major Legions, we couldn’t touch the fifth
when he showed up north of Shinjuku six months ago. But the
sixth…We’re not letting you get away. We were planning to wait
until the bounty was officially announced, but running into you
here like this, we have no reason to hold back on subjugating
you.”
As Iron Pound spoke his very composed words, Haruyuki
stared at him coolly through his cracked visor. No matter how
much of a Perfect Match boxing type he was, now that Haruyuki
knew that, he had any number of ways to attack him. Or rather,
the moment Pound acknowledged that he was a boxer, he essentially revealed he was only adept at close-range fighting, at best
six meters—the length of one side of a boxing ring. No matter
how fast he was within that distance, once Haruyuki maneuvered
deep inside or outside that range, it would be a simple enough
matter to negate those abilities.
First, he would catch him. And then he would skewer him with
his Incarnate sword and throw him off the edge of the building,
and that would be the end of it.
“Then I’ll show you that your research or whatever was absolutely useless.” Haruyuki quickly thrust his left hand forward.
The palm, flanked by five open fingers, snapped backward. From
the base of his wrist, a silver light shot out with a faint rasp. Wire
Hook. Once the hook grabbed on, no avatar could get away from
him.
Originally, this had been the particular ability of Cherry Rook,
the fifth Disaster. Like the first’s Flash Blink and the second’s
Flame Breath, the Armor had copied it. Using it required him to
be exceedingly synchronized with the Armor, but Haruyuki had
reached that depth. Being able to use the powers of past Disasters
could actually have been the greatest power of the sixth.

Only moments earlier, Iron Pound had said they hadn’t
touched the fifth, so they shouldn’t have even been aware of the
existence of Wire Hook. There was no way he would be able to
dodge at first sight a hook that was so small it was practically invisible, flying at a speed equivalent to that of a bullet—
Claaang! The dry metallic noise echoed across the roof of
Mori Tower.
And then Haruyuki saw it. The ultimate capture technique,
Wire Hook, wielded so powerfully against countless avatars including Silver Crow himself, had made a direct hit with Iron
Pound’s rounded left shoulder and bounced off emptily.
“—!!”
By the time Haruyuki had swallowed his breath, the veteran
boxer was already closing the distance between them in a terrifyingly fast charge. The two gloves readied in front of his chest
began to shine a fresh blue.
“Hammer Rave!!” This time, the technique name was shouted
sharply.
Countless fists covered his entire field of view. A storm of machine gun–like jabs launched from the left. In between, surging in
from the right came straights, like rifle bullets and hatchet-like
hooks. The total number was probably more than ten blows a second.
Haruyuki didn’t even have the luxury of tightening his guard.
Fierce blows slammed into every spot on his upper body, pushing
him up several dozen centimeters into the air, chin and arms
thrown clumsily upward. Unable to counter or even move, he was
in a state of shock delay.
Iron Pound slid in close to the reeling Haruyuki, drawing a
blue afterimage in the air. He dropped down, and an even more

concentrated overlay came to life in his right fist. Intuitively understanding that the finishing blow was on its way, Haruyuki
frantically tried to command his metal wings. But they were
much larger now, and the reaction time was the slightest bit
duller. Just as he was finally able to generate some lift—
A right uppercut like the main artillery of a battleship caught
Haruyuki squarely on his totally exposed and defenseless jaw,
carving out a blue arc as it plowed into him.
The impact nearly knocked the brain right out of his head, and
he rose up into the air, all four limbs splayed. Finally, he reached
the pinnacle of the parabola and fell for a few seconds. Kawhud!
His back hit the floor, and after bouncing once, he came to rest,
arms and legs still shooting out at all angles.
In the upper left of his field of view, his health gauge was dyed
yellow, half of it whisked away all at once. Although he knew he
had to stand up, the impact was too deep—his thoughts were
filled with failure, and a desire to not admit the truth of the situation had pushed Haruyuki to the precipice of a zero fill state.
Through the floor beneath his back, he heard sharp footsteps.
And then a voice: “That’s the weak point for all of you. Doesn’t
matter which one you are, something all you Chrome Disasters
have in common.”
“Weak point,” Haruyuki groaned, lifting his head to glare intently at Iron Pound, who stood two or so meters away, showering him with a cool gaze.
“The performance of the Armor is definitely incredible,” the
Perfect Match boxer started, sounding detached, a somehow pitying look popping up in the simple shape of his eye lenses. “And it
looks like it’s eaten so far into you that you can even use the abilities of its former owners. But in the end, it’s still the power of
something borrowed. It’s like a little kid without a license driving
a super car with a thousand horsepower. You might be able to

recklessly slam your foot down on the accelerator on a straight
course and go as fast as possible, but you can’t take the corners
properly. You’re wielding a power that’s not your own, so the
most basic of all fighting basics…You don’t even see your opponent’s attributes anymore.”
He raised his glove-shaped right hand, and with his thumb
(his only free finger), he tapped his left shoulder—the very spot
Haruyuki’s Wire Hook had bounced off.
“I’m iron, which has the greatest piercing defense of even the
metal colors. Even when I’m not enhanced with Incarnate, as if
your little hook could stab me.”
So that’s it. Haruyuki finally became aware of his own mistake,
his clenched fists creaking.
Metal-color duel avatars, not belonging to the normal color
wheel, were as rare as or rarer than Perfect Match avatars. The
only ones Haruyuki knew of—in addition to his own Silver Crow—
were Cobalt Blade and Manganese Blade, close associates of the
Blue King, and whoever it was that had given birth to the Armor
of Catastrophe in ancient times, crowned with the name Chrome.
Which was basically equivalent to his having no experience fighting them.
Thus, having enjoyed for such a long time the advantages of
being a metal color, excellent at all kinds of defense, he hadn’t
even imagined the disadvantages when that metal color was an
enemy. If that wasn’t careless, then what was?
But it wasn’t just that. When the Wire Hook bounced off Iron
Pound, if it had been a technique he had generated himself and
used for many years, he would have instinctively understood
which opponents it wouldn’t work as well on. And during the
fight with the fifth Disaster, aka Cherry Rook, six months earlier,
Rook indeed hadn’t tried to use the Wire Hook on Haruyuki. That
was probably because he knew it was likely to bounce off his

metal-hued armor.
The power of something…borrowed. Still flat on his back,
Haruyuki had barely digested those words when Iron Pound
spoke again, even more quietly.
“After analyzing the Armor of Catastrophe and searching for a
way to fight it, we came to a single conclusion. It’s not the power
of numbers or a superstrong Incarnate technique that can defeat
the Disaster, it’s just thoroughly polished basic techniques. Ever
since, the Six Armors of Great Wall have spent an enormous
amount of time refining our techniques, in order to bring our
strongest basics into the domain where they exceed even the most
powerful Incarnate. So that the next time, for sure, we would
eliminate the curse gnawing at the heart of this world, without
having to rely on the power of the kings.”
Fshk! The air snapped. Pound had probably sent off a left jab
into the air, but Haruyuki’s eyes couldn’t catch even the afterglow
of the aura piercing the space.
“All five Disasters who’ve shown up so far were dealt with by
the kings themselves. Heading into the field, courting the risk of
the sudden-death rule that comes with level nine, right? But
there’s no greater disgrace for those of us who guard the king.
This time for sure, we—no, my hand—will stop the Catastrophe.
Sorry, but you’re outta here, Silver Crow. While you’re the newborn…and weakest Disaster.”
Weakest.
The instant the word resounded inside his helmet, a boiling
storm of emotion whipped through Haruyuki’s entire body—before concentrating in a single point on his back.
Kill. Kill, kill, absolutely kill!!
The rage was dizzying. Rather than settling into the depths of

the Armor, this energy took form, jetting out through a gap in his
back; it felt like something being yanked out of him. And then
stretching out behind him were countless long, sharp metal segments joined together—a tail. The emblematic organ of the sixth
Disaster Haruyuki had himself severed with his own Incarnate at
the end of the Hermes’ Cord race.
The tapered knifelike tip of the tail stabbed into the floor, and
using the reactive force from that alone, Haruyuki gradually
pushed his body up, arms and legs still splayed. When he was finally standing again, he leaned forward, armor clanking. Gripping the longsword in his right hand, shaking the talons of his
left, he howled like a beast.
“Grar! Raaaar…Kill…Kiiiiilllll…” The bloodlust and rage racing through him became an inky black aura and shot outward,
sending cracks radiating through the Demon City stage. His earlier reflections on his error also were sent flying off somewhere,
and he tensed himself to slice out blindly.
Iron Pound didn’t seem to even flinch when faced with this
Haruyuki. He simply readied his fists peekaboo style. In the eye
lenses that could be seen on the other side of those iron gloves
was an unwavering resolution and confidence, and a hint of pity.
I’ve seen those eyes somewhere before, Haruyuki thought,
with what shred of rationality remained to him.
It was…Right, when he had taken part in the battle to subjugate the fifth Chrome Disaster six months earlier. At the very end
of the intense fighting, when the Red King Scarlet Rain was on
the verge of eliminating her own parent, the fifth Chrome Disaster, with her Judgment Blow—she had had the same look in her
eyes then. Cherry Rook, drowning in the Armor’s power and
swallowed up by rage, existing only to attack and devour others…
Niko had gone to free Haru from the curse that was this armor.
The instant he became aware of this, Haruyuki raised the

sword in his right hand up high and thrust it down at his feet as
hard as he could. He peeled away one stiff finger at a time and let
go of the hilt, and then let his arm fall away, an attempt to control
the spasming violence sweeping through him.
Abruptly, in the back of his mind, he heard a howl of annoyance.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! TAKE UP YOUR SWORD. CUT DOWN YOUR
ENEMY, RIP HIM APART, DEVOUR HIM SO THERE IS NOT A SHRED LEFT.
The one speaking to him was the Beast living in the Armor of
Catastrophe, a pseudo-intelligence that had spent an eternity inside the Armor, made up of the concentration of negative wills
carved into the Disaster by its previous owners.
All data in the Brain Burst central server—also known as the
Main Visualizer—were supposedly stored and calculated in a
form based on human memory. Thus, an object stained with a
very strong emotion had something that could have been called
an independent mind—this is what Haruyuki had been told before. But the Beast was much too dominant to be called a simple
pseudo-intelligence. The instant the warped voice echoed in the
back of his mind, Haruyuki’s own thoughts almost scattered once
more, but he endured it intently.
Shut up!! he shouted back with his heart. I can’t beat him if I
just run around in a blind frenzy!! I— No matter what, I want to
beat him, I have to beat him! I can’t lose to anyone who’d say
there was anything more important than their friends’ lives!!
A groan coated with irritation came back soon enough.
GRAAR! IN THAT CASE, YOU NEED MY POWER MORE THAN EVER.
ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A TINY, HELPLESS CROW.

YOU

Yeah, I am. I admit it. But, like…I can’t master all the Armor’s
powers right now. With his speed, unless I’m using techniques

I’ve practiced and practiced, I can’t fight back. So just shut up
and give me strength!! You don’t want to disappear here, either,
do you?!
This exchange was actually carried out in a relay of wordless
thought in less than one-tenth of a second. And although the
Beast howled unhappily once more, it apparently agreed with
Haruyuki’s assertion, and surrendered part of its control over the
avatar.
Naturally, this didn’t mean Haruyuki’s own rage had vanished.
But it was a little different from the earlier crimson inferno that
threatened to indiscriminately burn anything and everything. It
was more sharply honed, fluid like a pale plasma, seemingly filling his avatar to its extremities.
With sharp talons stretched straight out, Haruyuki brought his
hand neatly up in front of him and lowered his stance.
Iron Pound, who had started to close the distance between
them, narrowed his eye lenses slightly. Apparently trying to gauge
Haruyuki’s intentions in throwing down his sword, the pugilist
stopped his advance just barely in range for a left jab, and considered his enemy.
Haruyuki didn’t move. He held his left hand in front, right behind, one leg bent at the knee, the other stretched out behind
him. He simply focused his entire being on the fists of his opponent.
Now that he had somehow managed to succeed in cooling his
head, it seemed like dodging or a surprise attack using the
pseudo-teleportation ability Flash Blink might work. But given
that it was a special attack, he would absolutely have to utter the
name of the technique. And after seeing his enemy’s super-highspeed punch, he knew he wouldn’t be able to make it in time if he
did. Even if he got the initiative, once he revealed the technique,
it wouldn’t work again.

Though, since his special-attack gauge was essentially fully
charged, he could also use the wings on his back to hover just beyond his opponent’s reach and attack with the long-distance attacks Flame Breath or Laser Lance. However, his opponent already knew that the sixth Chrome Disaster was Silver Crow, so
Haru had to assume Pound had naturally prepared some strategy
against his flying ability. And he couldn’t forget about Green
Grandé, standing off to the side, arms crossed, silent like a statue.
If Haruyuki tried a unilateral attack from up in the sky, the Green
King could activate that Incarnate technique Parsec Wall again.
He needed to kill Iron Pound instantly while the king was
silently watching. Even with the Disaster’s power, this was a very
tall order, but he had no choice but to do it—he had to neutralize
these two interfering with him, break into Midtown Tower, destroy the ISS kit main body, and if there were any members of the
Acceleration Research Society nearby, he had to rip them to
shreds; this was Haruyuki’s sole remaining reason for existing.
“Come,” he said quietly, a thin, dark aura enveloping his body.
In response, Iron Pound’s upper half swayed, and he began
gracefully dancing about. With his nimble, rhythmic footwork, he
steadily closed the distance between them.
Just like he’d said before, the Incarnate jab released from the
left fist with no movement and no command was Pound’s greatest
weapon. The damage from one blow wasn’t all that bad, but because the blows came in rapid succession and left you essentially
stunned, you couldn’t dodge the heavy-hitting right straight that
followed.
If this were a boxing match against a nimble out-boxer,
Haruyuki would be advised to tighten his guard and close the distance while repelling the jabs. But this was not a six-meter ring; it
was the large heliport on the roof of Mori Tower. There was too
much space to retreat and come around from the side. Even if he
did solidify his defenses, he wouldn’t find a chance to counter.

His health gauge would only be carved away instead.
So his only chance at victory was to break through that Incarnate jab.
Hey, Beast. Right hand still raised, guard up, Haruyuki again
started talking to the intelligence that lived at the back of his
mind within the Armor. Your attack estimate precision’s better
than mine. Pick out just when he launches that jab. I’ll handle it
after that.
He received no reply in words, but he did hear a definite, faint
howl of agreement—although it was almost indistinguishable
from the anger.
In the next instant, the overlay wrapped around Iron Pound’s
left fist grew faintly thicker. At the same time, a vivid red line—
the attack prediction line—cut through Haruyuki’s view.
Reflexively, Haruyuki straightened his right hand and it glittered in a spiral motion. Pound’s Incarnate jab came flying at him
almost immediately after the prediction line appeared; meeting
the attack after visually confirming it would be impossible.
Haruyuki could only rely on his instincts.
As the palm of his hand moved from outside to inside in a circular motion, Haruyuki felt a prickly, burning sensation. It had
touched the glove in the trajectory of its straight-line attack. But
if he simply repelled it here, the fist would quickly be pulled back,
only to have the next punch launched, and then the next.
So Haruyuki didn’t repel it; he pulled it into his own movement.
Focusing on the image of sucking Iron Pound’s jab into his
palm, he bent its trajectory down and to the left. The high-level
technique of interfering with and defending against the vector of
the enemy attack rather than the energy it contained was known

as the “way of the flexible”—guard reversal.
Even an old hand like Pound probably wasn’t anticipating that
his jab would actually be sucked in instead of blocked. His upper
body shook, and his footwork became disordered.
Instantly, Haruyuki shouted inside his helmet, “Flash Blink!”
The avatar clad in the dull silver armor became substanceless
particles and moved a mere meter. He slipped by Pound’s body
on the side—all to reappear behind him.
Whirling around as he rematerialized, Haruyuki pressed the
tips of his fingers against his enemy’s defenseless back and cried
out, “Laser Sword!!”
Compared with Pound’s Incarnate jab, Haruyuki’s Incarnate
attack took far longer to activate. If Pound had immediately taken
evasive action, he might have avoided a direct hit.
But the Perfect Match boxer’s reaction was slow precisely because he was so perfectly matched. In boxing, hitting the back
was a violation of the rules. Your opponent would never actually
go around and attack you from behind.
Naturally, Pound also knew all too well that there was no such
rule in the Accelerated World. But it wasn’t such an easy thing to
erase the reaction drilled into his real-world body. It was the
same with Takumu, who been traumatized by the jabbing technique in kendo and so had stiffened up in the face of Dusk Taker’s
piercing attack to his throat. And that was to say nothing of the
irregularity of an attack on the back after a very short teleportation.
The momentary stiffening that came over Pound was
Haruyuki’s greatest and last chance in this duel. The jet-black
blade that surged out of his right hand made contact with a crash.

Even the iron armor and its superior physical defenses could
not defend against an Incarnate attack launched from a distance
of zero meters. The sword pierced the critical point of his heart,
and Iron Pound threw his head back, a cry of anguish slipping
out.
“Ngah!”
But Pound was level seven. He did not die in that one blow,
but instead tried to get distance with a desperate forward dash.
Normally, Haruyuki wouldn’t have been able to follow with a
pursuing attack, given that his right arm was fully extended and
his big technique was newly spent. But in another reaction of instinct, he fluttered his right wing with all his might. The kinetic
energy generated gave his avatar just enough torsion power to attack. Generating instantaneous thrust with his flying ability in the
middle of battle to maneuver in three dimensions was Haruyuki’s
own original technique, Aerial Combo.
Haruyuki roared, transmitting the sharp spiral force from his
back into his shoulder and then down into his right arm. “Unh…
Aaaaaah!!”
Skreeeenk!! The earsplitting sound of metal ripping apart
metal reverberated and then disappeared.
Silence fell over the roof of the evening-clad Mori Tower. The
silhouettes of the two fighting melted into each other completely
and cast a long shadow on the broad floor.
Both arms dangled loosely from Iron Pound’s sides, and the
strength slid out of his legs as well. Supporting this tough body
was the right arm of Chrome Disaster, penetrating deep into his
chest from behind. The sharp talons had dug into the opening
gouged out of the Armor by the Laser Sword.
Arm buried in Pound’s body from the flat of his hand up to his

shoulder, Haruyuki abruptly heard a low voice in his ears.
“If you’ve…mastered…this kind of technique…then why…the
power of darkness…” Having gotten this much out, the Perfect
Match boxer turned into countless polygon fragments and scattered.
Once the massive light effect was over, all that was left was a
small flame—the dull gray of Iron Pound’s death marker flickering at Haruyuki’s feet. Looking down at the flame, Haruyuki shot
off in a cracked voice, “What cultivated the Catastrophe to this
point…was probably your rejection and lack of understanding.”
Naturally, the shimmering marker no longer responded. But
Haruyuki continued quietly. “This darkness…is definitely in anyone’s…”
The rest was swallowed up in his chest, because in the back of
his mind, the Beast raised its sinister voice.
I know, Haruyuki responded to that voice. The real show
starts now, huh…
He turned around, armor clanking.
His gaze landed on an enormous figure carrying a massive
cross-shaped shield, arms casually folded. The Green King, Green
Grandé, nicknamed Invincible. Although his right-hand man had
just been taken down before his eyes, those amber lenses were
filled only with a tranquil and mysterious light.
According to the fragmentary memory Haruyuki shared with
the Beast, the Green King was the lone Burst Linker who had
been present at the destruction of all of the first four Chrome Disasters.
He hadn’t attacked them directly, but he had held fast against
the attacks of the rampaging Disaster with his great shield Strife

and created the moment for those fighting with him to attack. In
other words, if the Green King hadn’t been there, the destruction
brought about by the Armor of Catastrophe would likely have
been two or three times as great.
The Green King himself was, for the Armor and the Beast that
lived in it, a most bitter enemy. The howl that echoed and
bounced through Haruyuki’s mind was filled with such murderous lust that he was unable to control it. It threatened to explode
even now.
Control yourself. This guy for sure, we can’t beat him by just
attacking at random, Haruyuki said to the Beast, and slowly approached the enormous green avatar one step, then two.
“If you guys aren’t in league with the Acceleration Research
Society like Iron Pound said,” he began in a low voice, staring at
the king, who didn’t so much as twitch, “then why did you get in
my way before?”
He waited three seconds, but of course, no answer came back
to him. At the meeting of the Seven Kings a few days earlier,
Green Grandé had said not a single word from start to finish.
“I guess it’s pointless to ask. Which means I’ll just have to have
you tell me with your fists.” He muttered it half to himself, before
dropping his stance to take on a battle posture.
But just before he could—
“If you wait a little longer, you’ll understand the reason.”
Although it was colored with a strong effect, the voice was clear
and bright. There was no mistake. It was the same male voice as
the one that had called out the name of the large-scale Incarnate
technique Parsec Wall earlier. However, because it sounded like it
was gradually rising up from the field at his feet rather than com-

ing through the air, Haruyuki couldn’t be sure that it had come
from the avatar before his eyes.
He stared hard, but the Green King still did not twitch, as
usual. His bulk, arms crossed, was turned toward the northeast,
at an angle of thirty or so degrees away from Haruyuki. Unconsciously following the man’s gaze, Haruyuki understood that he
was staring at another mixed-use commercial building soaring up
and sandwiching Shuto Expressway No. 3, the main tower of
Tokyo Midtown.
The enormous spire, decorated with the sharp ornaments
characteristic of the Demon City stage, caught the light of the sun
as it was on the verge of setting and glittered redly. The roof, unlike that of the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, tapered into a narrow
needlepoint, and other than the small flying Enemies circling it,
there was absolutely no movement in the building.
But somewhere inside that tower was the main body of the ISS
kits, as it blackly devoured the Accelerated World. If it was completely destroyed, the terminal kits currently infecting a minimum of fifty Burst Linkers would have also stopped functioning.
The Haruyuki of that moment was not particularly interested
in trying to save the Accelerated World or anything of the like.
Just the opposite, in fact—more than half his brain was ruled by a
destructive urge to systematically slaughter any and all Burst
Linkers who stood in his way as enemies, and he didn’t care anymore if Brain Burst itself declined or disappeared as a result. But
he first had to slaughter the Acceleration Research Society, which
had made and distributed the ISS kits. It wasn’t just about the
kits. They had set a cowardly trap for…and as they inflicted incredible pain and suffering on her, over and over and over…
“Ngh!!”
Suddenly, a fierce pain, a high-voltage current, pierced him
from the depths of his back to the center of his head, and

Haruyuki’s entire body stiffened.
The Beast, which he had kept under control to a certain extent
up to that point, let forth a ferocious roar. Because the pitch of
the cry, filled with overwhelming rage and bloodlust, was much
higher than any that had come before, it sounded even more like
a sobbed shriek.
The dark aura constantly blanketing the Armor of Catastrophe
became ebony flames and spurted outward. The edges of the
Armor covering his body seamlessly stood up like sharp blades,
and the talons of his hands and feet took on an even more sinister
form. The tail on his back flew whiplike out on its own, wound
around the hilt of the longsword, and plunged into the ground a
little ways off.
It yanked the blade out with a rasp of metal and stabbed it
down once more, immediately in front of Haruyuki. The blade,
dark yet mirror smooth, reflected the figure of Chrome Disaster,
stooped body spasming irregularly. In the darkness beneath his
cracked visor, eye lenses foreign to Silver Crow blinked strongly,
tinged with an ominous crimson light.
“Grar…raaaaaaaar!” the Beast—and Haruyuki himself—
roared, low and heavy. Thought and reason were blown away,
and his head was filled with only a boiling bloodlust. It was clear
that this was the “overflow” phenomenon, a fitful rampage of the
negative will, but Haruyuki was no longer capable of being aware
of this fact.
Forgetting even the presence of the Green King standing
nearby, Haruyuki spread the metal wings on his back. He pulled
the longsword in front of him out with his right hand and swung
it to the side, readying himself to fly off the Mori Tower to raid
Midtown Tower. But before he could—
“Wait. It’s not time for that yet.”

“…Grar…” Haruyuki turned to his right, a howl thick with
bloodlust slipping out.
The Green King turned his heavy face mask toward Haruyuki.
The mysterious amber eyes were quiet in contrast with the Disaster’s. There was no rage, no impatience, not even concern there.
He was simply standing calmly, an ancient tree in the forest that
knew everything and watched over all.
But for Haruyuki at that moment, the Green King’s attitude
appeared to be a challenge he could not shut his eyes to. If he was
going to interfere, then just cut him down. Spurred on by a senseless impulse, Haruyuki slowly brandished the sword in his right
hand. He also placed his left hand on the hilt and creakingly bent
his body, so that with a single blow containing all his power, all
his speed, all his Incarnate, he could slice his enemy in two.
Of course, Haruyuki had no experience training with a sword
in either the real world or the Accelerated World. So this technique was a borrowed power, as Iron Pound had perceptively
pointed out earlier. It wouldn’t work in a battle competing at the
ultimate speed.
However, right now at least, Haruyuki was already more than
90 percent not himself. His rampaging Incarnate had brought
“Silver Crow wearing the Enhanced Armament Disaster” closer to
the “true Chrome Disaster” than ever before.
Haruyuki didn’t know their name, but the third Disaster had
been a blue-type double-handed sword user. Renowned for their
skills, they could stand alongside even the Blue King, Blue Knight
—aka Vanquisher—and in the end, they were banished from the
Accelerated World by the sword of that very king.
The technique the third had left in the Armor moved
Haruyuki’s body now. It was the same as with the Flash Blink of
the first, the second’s ability Flame Breath, and the fifth’s Wire
Hook. By syncing tightly with the Armor, or rather the Beast liv-

ing inside the Armor, he could make the powers of the previous
Chrome Disasters his own. This itself was the true power of the
Armor of Catastrophe—no, of Haruyuki, who was now the sixth
generation.
The Green King also seemed to recognize the rampaging
depths Haruyuki had fallen to. He set his right foot out a step and
now turned his entire body to face Haruyuki. The avatar was
more than half-hidden behind the massive cross shield, but regardless, Haruyuki drew his own body back like a bow. The tip of
the brandished longsword went over his back and touched the
floor, lightly stabbing into it. Bent as far back as he could go, the
avatar strained and creaked dully. The instant this tension had
reached its limit—
“Gr…aaaaaaaar!!” Roaring out of him like an explosion,
Haruyuki released every ounce of strength he had.
He charged forward with utmost determination, riding the
propulsive force of his wings. The virtual air was compressed and
rebounded, turning into a shock wave to rip a V into the hard
floor of the roof.
The distance between them, more than ten meters, was a bit
too much for a close-range-type attack. But Haruyuki closed the
gap in nearly zero time, and Green Grandé appeared to never
have had any intention of trying to get out of the way, at any rate.
Even as he watched the blade cutting out a jet-black crescent as it
poured down, his feet did not even twitch; he merely raised the
great shield on his left arm a little higher.
Enhanced Armaments often changed color to match the avatar
who owned and equipped them, and the Green King’s great shield
and the Blue King’s double-handed sword were thought to be of
this type. But the shield blocking Haruyuki’s way now looked like
it shone a slightly clearer, deeper emerald green than the king’s
armor.

Against this green wall rising up, with a sense of presence like
a deep, ancient forest, Haruyuki brought down the longsword
with the absolute maximum attack power he could currently produce.
A pure and vast energy, impossible to depict with sound and
light effects, sprang up where shield and sword touched. Distorting space itself, abnormal vibrations threatened to shatter the
world as they radiated outward, and the top half of the enormous
Roppongi Hills tower shuddered in rippling waves.
And then the building, which should have been stronger than
any other due to the characteristics of the Demon City stage,
broke from its midsection into a myriad of minute fragments.
Having lost their foothold, Haruyuki and Green Grandé began
to slowly fall among the object fragments raining down. However,
they fell with sword and shield still locked; neither moved a muscle. The Incarnates of the two avatars facing off overwrote the reactions that normally would have occurred, allowing them to remain fixed in place as they fell.
In a movement reminiscent of sprouting vines, the green aura
radiating from the great shield Strife went to wrap around the
longsword that had once been called Star Caster. The inky black
overlay that surrounded the blade burned the green back time
and again, but the verdant aura sprouted endlessly and showed
no sign of withering. So much like an enormous tree—the World
Tree supporting the nine worlds in Northern European mythology.
I support the world.
The instant these words cut through Haruyuki’s mind, an
image—or maybe a memory—infused within his consciousness. A
vast, incredibly vast, time, and a battle repeated ad infinitum
within it. But his opponent was not a Burst Linker. It was an
enormous monster with a form that was not human—an Enemy.

Finally, the pair landed with a heavy thud on the mountain of
fine rubble that was once the top half of the Hills Tower. At the
same time, their auras waned, and, following suit, sword and
shield also pulled back. Compared with the scale of destruction, it
was an almost impossibly quiet curtain falling. When Haruyuki
came to, the storm of anger raging within him had died down as if
it had never been; even the Beast was silent.
“Taking a blow like that so coolly,” he murmured. The dark effect had faded from his voice, and even the phrasing brought his
own sensibilities to the front. But unaware of this, Haruyuki
lightly jumped back to gain some distance. The sand crunched
softly when he landed, and he lowered his blade.
Also lowering his shield, the Green King shook his head
solemnly, eyes still on Haruyuki. He indicated a spot on the
shield with his right hand, as if to say he was not cool.
When Haruyuki looked very closely, the upper edge appeared
to be chipped a mere three millimeters or so in one place. Having
made nothing more than a scratch that could hardly even be
called a scratch, Haruyuki felt he had just been told you win, and
he grinned wryly, unconsciously.
“I was trying to cut you down along with that shield, you
know,” he remarked as he glanced around.
Due to the surplus energy of their clash, Mori Tower had been
reduced by 50 percent, half as tall as it had originally been. The
surrounding buildings also leaned and crumbled on one side.
The small flame shimmering a dull gray on the sand a little
ways off was no doubt Iron Pound’s death marker. It had fallen
along with them in the building’s destruction. Right now, Pound
was no doubt anxiously observing Haruyuki and Green Grandé
facing off in his ghost state, where all he could do was watch over
the situation around him.

Through the direct clash of his Incarnate alongside the Green
King’s, and the glimpse of his opponent’s memories, Haruyuki
felt like he could understand to a certain degree what Iron Pound
had said before the fight, about how much time their king had
sacrificed to the Accelerated World. He turned his gaze back on
the king.
“The majority of the points supplied through Enemy hunting
in the Accelerated World…You actually earned them by yourself,
huh?”
No answer. But the silence was colored with an air of affirmation.
For the thousand or more Burst Linkers who existed, burst
points were in-game currency, experience points, and life itself.
Their number increased if you won duels and decreased if you
lost, but a large quantity were also exhausted in using the acceleration commands, buying items in the shop, and processing level
increases. Considered rationally, the supply of points didn’t seem
to match up against that pace of consumption. The fact was that
each month, Burst Linkers used up an amount of points largely in
excess of the monthly increase brought to the world by new Burst
Linkers’ initial hundred points.
The shortfall was supposedly made up for by high-level Linkers hunting Enemies in the Unlimited Neutral Field, but still,
Haruyuki had always thought it strange that those points were so
widely redistributed in the Accelerated World.
The Green King had hunted the high-ranking Enemies that
lived in dangerous dungeons, transferred the vast sum of points
he’d earned onto various blank cards from the item shop, and
then fed those cards to the lower-ranking Enemies living in the
field, which would then drop as loot. At some later point, other
Legion hunting parties would then defeat those Enemies that had
eaten the cards, in turn receiving an enormous amount of points
as a bonus to the initial kill. As a result, his farmed points spread

out among the low-level Linkers of the midsize and small Legions.
Not unlike a great tree supporting countless smaller lives with
the sunlight and water stored in its massive body.
But no matter how he thought about it, Haruyuki didn’t understand the reason the Green King had provided this service for
free for so many years. The hunters of the Enemies who had
eaten the point cards wouldn’t necessarily be members of the
Green Legion. In fact, the opposite case would naturally have
been the overwhelming majority. In other words, the king’s actions substantially benefitted other kingdoms. Looking back on it,
Haruyuki himself remembered being overjoyed when the prey he
had brought down with an Enemy hunting party he had been a
part of spit out an essentially impossible number of points.
“Why?” Haruyuki asked in a whisper, unable to understand
the foundation for the king’s actions. He had shared points with
all, even enemy Burst Linkers. But on the other hand, the lives of
his Legion subordinates Ash Roller and Bush Utan had not been
priorities.
There likely would be no response to this question, which
could not be answered with a yes or a no. That was what he expected.
“It was all to stop Brain Burst 2039—also known as Trial
Number Two—from ending in vain.” The silent king uttered his
longest string of words so far, but the blow to Haruyuki’s soul
came more from the details contained in those words, even if he
didn’t really understand what they meant.
“Trial…Number…Two?”
“Aye. A long time has already passed since Accel Assault 2038
and the following Cosmos Corrupt 2040 were abandoned. It’s
likely that this Number Two is equipped with whatever elements

were missing from Number One and Number Three. Until those
elements are embodied, we can’t let this world be closed.”
The information the Green King put into words in his stubbornly tranquil voice far surpassed Haruyuki’s processing abilities. Even so, he managed to summarize it into three key points
and list them in his heart.
One: Brain Burst—in other words, the Accelerated World—was
not the one and only.
Two: The Green King, Green Grandé, was working to maintain
or prolong the life of the Accelerated World.
Three: Green Grandé knew the reason this world existed.
“You the GM?” Haruyuki questioned the giant in a tense,
creaking voice. “Are you— Is it actually you who’s the admin for
Brain Burst? Is it you manipulating thousands of Burst Linkers,
making them dance? Making them fight?” He waited for a response with bated breath, not considering what he would do if
the Green King assented.
Two seconds later, the king shook his thick face mask once.
“Negative.” He paused for another second and then continued,
“The authority we have been given is no different from yours. If
this head is cut off, I will die, and if I die, I will lose points. Once
my points are exhausted, I will disappear from the Accelerated
World.”
“Then…why do you know things like that, that no one else
knows?!”
“That is also negative. I am not alone in knowing the name
Trial Number Two. Of the Originators, there likely exist some
who possess more information than I.”
“…Origi…nators.” This wasn’t the first time he’d heard the

word he parroted back. After the meeting of the Seven Kings four
days earlier, the Red King Niko had uttered it in a trembling voice
after appearing suddenly at his house. She hadn’t told him the
specific meaning, but now he could hazard a guess. Most likely,
the word indicated the first Burst Linkers, the ones without parents.
Hey, Beast. In the back of his mind, Haruyuki unconsciously
called to the destroyer lodged in the Armor. Whoever it was who
first gave birth to you was an Originator, too, right? You know
anything?
In return, he heard an annoyed groan from the Beast, which
had maintained its silence for several minutes even in the middle
of the heated battle.
GRAAAR…I DO NOT. I ALSO HAVE NO INTEREST. MY OBJECTIVE IS DESTRUCTION AND SLAUGHTER ALONE. YOU, TOO, WOULD DO BEST TO THINK
OF NOTHING BUT THE SLAUGHTER OF THE ENEMY BEFORE YOU.
This answer very nearly made Haruyuki smile wryly, but he
got himself under control again before the grin reached his lips.
The Beast might have been tame at that moment, but it had to
have been vigilantly awaiting its chance to overtake Haruyuki
over again. And more than that, Haruyuki was not Silver Crow
now, but the sixth Chrome Disaster, so this was no time for
laughing. He didn’t have the right to laugh, either.
I get it, he murmured. But you have to know, even from that
one blow, that I can’t beat this guy so easily as all that. And…
something’s weird. Even if we do fight, I want to get as much information as I can before that.
The response he got was the Beast simply returning a short
howl, and then pulling back into the Armor.
Haruyuki took a deep breath and switched gears, staring once
more into Green Grandé’s eyes. The amber eye lenses, not allow-

ing a single emotion to slip out, looked back at him quietly.
“I get that for some reason, you’ve been trying to prolong the
life of the Accelerated World, and that you’ve been hunting Enemies all this time by yourself to that end,” Haruyuki said, and
then raised his voice. “But then why are you getting in my way
now? It’s obvious that the Acceleration Research Society and the
ISS kits are trying to destroy this world. I’m sure that building—
Midtown Tower—is their base. My goal is to crush that base!”
“I told you. Wait a while and you’ll see,” came the brief reply.
The Green King turned his eyes up toward the building in
question, soaring in the northeast, and reflexively, Haruyuki
traced his gaze. Because Mori Tower was now half what it had
been, the other tower seemed twice as tall. The blue-black spire
had fallen silent; not a hint of activity could be seen.
“I’ve waited plenty long. If you’re trying to buy time…,”
Haruyuki started to say, until—
Suddenly, far, far off in the eastern sky, he heard a mysterious
sound. Like the ringing of an infinity of bells, the fleeting echo of
thin glass shattering.
Turning his gaze forty-five degrees to the right, Haruyuki saw
a thin seven-colored veil rip through the thickly hanging clouds
hanging low over the Demon City stage. The aurora—no, that
wasn’t it. It was a light signaling the start of the end of the world.
“…The Change,” he murmured, and the Green King nodded
heavily. So this was what the king and Iron Pound had been waiting for?
“The Change” referred to the phenomenon in the Unlimited
Neutral Field of the switching of stage attributes—Demon City,
Purgatory, Primal Forest. When the Change occurred, hunted Enemies repopped, and destroyed objects were completely recov-

ered. Naturally, the appearance and terrain effects of the field
were also completely transformed, and any duelers or Enemy
hunters caught up in the Change were required to abruptly
change strategies.
The timing of the Change was random, but it was said that it
happened at its quickest in three days of internal time (just over
four minutes, real-world time) and within ten days at the latest.
Since it was impossible to predict the timing, Green Grandé and
Iron Pound must have been simply waiting in this place for days.
But why?
Even while Haruyuki tried to guess at their intention, the aurora wall approached at an incredible speed. When he looked
closely, he could see that at the base of the light pouring down
from the sky, the buildings crowded together in central Tokyo
were instantly being overwritten with new colors and shapes.
Without even a mere thirty seconds passing from the time he
first heard the sound of it, the aurora had reached Roppongi Hills
and painted everything in a glimmering rainbow, transmitting a
faint pressure to Haruyuki as it did. Immediately, a sensation of
ascent, like being in a high-speed elevator, enveloped his body—
but he wasn’t flying with his own wings. Because the half-destroyed Mori Tower had started to rapidly regenerate, Haruyuki
and the Green King were being pushed up to the roof, where they
had originally stood. At the same time as their ascent stopped and
his feet stepped onto the hard floor once more, the seven colors of
the rainbow faded and disappeared.
After watching the aurora wall charging off to the west,
Haruyuki looked at his surroundings.
The gloomy dark blue of the Demon City stage was completely
gone. In its place, the world was dyed a concentrated muddy red.
The ground and buildings were all gray tiles, but from the obvious seams oozed a viscous red liquid—in other words, blood

seeped out, flowed, and pooled everywhere. The sky was also a
garish red different from the sunset. The very infrequently occurring Deadly Sin stage.
Unlike the Demon City, this stage had annoying attributes
with a mountain of special effects, but of these, the one Burst
Linkers had to be careful of was the fact that half of the damage
done in direct physical attacks would bounce back at the attacker.
In other words, it was very advantageous to long-range duel
avatars. At least there weren’t any red types there now.
Chiyu’s super bad at this stage. She’s probably freaking out
and complaining right about now.
After this momentary thought, Haruyuki forcefully cut off the
flow of his thinking. If he thought even a little more about his
friends in Nega Nebulus who were waiting for him at that very
moment near the southern gates of the Castle, far off to the
North, he had the feeling he would simply fly apart.
Focusing on freezing his heart, he shifted his gaze and confirmed that the Green King was still in his daunting pose a little
ways off before he opened his mouth.
“So? The Change happened and now what?”
Other than the slickly bloody exterior, nothing appeared to
have changed with Midtown Tower rising up to the northeast. He
still did not understand the Green King’s reason for blocking his
approach.
The reply to Haruyuki’s question came not from the king but a
quiet voice behind him.
“It means…we missed this time, too.”
Turning around, Haruyuki saw the iron boxer sitting crosslegged in a pool of half-dried blood, dropping his shoulders life-

lessly. It was Iron Pound, despite the fact that not even thirty
minutes had passed since he was defeated by Haruyuki and died.
Haruyuki thought, suspiciously, that it was too soon for Iron
Pound to have regenerated—when he realized that the Change
had one other effect: to ignore the sixty minutes of wait time for
regeneration for Burst Linkers in the ghost state and bring them
back to life.
Although he had managed to get away with only half of the
dull, boring regeneration standby, Pound didn’t seem the least bit
pleased. The boxer rested his slack gloves on his legs, resigned.
“Missed?” Haruyuki asked, furrowing his brow. “The Change
now? What exactly were you guys waiting for?”
“Did you know that to a certain extent, there’s a pattern in the
change?”
His question met with a question, Haruyuki’s scowl grew
deeper. But he restrained himself and obediently shook his head.
Pound nodded once and then continued, “Just like duel
avatars, you can divide the various attributes of the duel stages
into rough groups. You could say the Ice stage and the Drizzle
stage are water types, Lava and Scorched Earth are fire types,
Primeval Forest and Corroded Forest are wood types, and Demon
City and Steel are metal types. On top of these so-called natural
stages, you have dark types like Purgatory and Cemetery, and
holy types like Aurora and Sacred Ground. You with me so far?”
At these teacherly words, the Beast let out a groan of dissatisfaction before Haruyuki could, but thanks to that, Haruyuki himself lost the chance to be annoyed. When he silently gestured for
the other avatar to continue, Iron Pound opened his mouth once
more, standing up leisurely.
“Normally, there aren’t two stages in a row belonging to the
same overall category. And the appearance rates for the eight cat-

egories of earth, water, fire, wind, wood, metal, light, and dark
are basically equal. But, rarely, only the first six natural categories go on for a long time. In that case, the dark-or holy-type
stage that appears after that has a very high level of purity in the
attributes. Basically, it’s incredibly evil or incredibly divine. There
are some other, detailed rules, but this is the rough idea. Through
our analysis of the long-term patterns, we predicted a super-evil
stage would appear at this time today, and we were waiting for
it.”
“So then you’ve achieved your goal. There isn’t a stage more
evil than Deadly Sin. It’s not a miss, it’s a bull’s-eye hit, isn’t it?”
Haruyuki remarked.
“That is true.” Pound nodded lightly before shaking his head
slowly from side to side. “But…this still isn’t enough. What we
need is the darkest of the dark, the ultimate evil…the Hell stage.”
“…”
It had been eight months now since he became a Burst Linker,
and having reached level five, Haruyuki couldn’t be said to be a
newbie anymore. But still, when it came to the Hell stage, he had
heard the name only a few times. Since he had merely the haziest
idea of its special effects and looks, he didn’t react immediately.
From the explanation up to that point, though, he had learned
nothing more than the fact that Iron Pound and Green Grandé
had been waiting for something, but Iron Pound hadn’t said one
word about why.
“So you’re saying there’s some connection between the Unlimited Neutral Field turning into hell and you guys getting in my
way here?” Haruyuki asked as he took a step forward from the tile
oozing blood at his feet. It was getting harder to control his irritation.
Standing a few meters ahead of him, Iron Pound slowly raised
his right fist, mouth still closed. The iron glove, open until that

moment, was clenched into a tight fist with a squeak.
Haruyuki narrowed his eyes under his visor, but it appeared
that Pound wasn’t trying for a rematch. He opened his left glove
and held Haruyuki off, before turning his body toward Midtown
Tower, soaring up five hundred meters to the northeast.
“If you look at that, you’ll understand whether you like it or
not,” the iron boxer murmured, striking a curious, very un-boxing-like pose. He spread both legs far apart, thrust his wide-open
right hand straight ahead, and placed his left hand on the elbow
joint of his right arm.
Immediately, an intense blue light effect enveloped the tightly
clenched glove. A special attack. Reflexively, Haruyuki braced
himself, but no line of predicted attack popped up from the
Armor. Pound didn’t even glance at Haruyuki, who was holding
his breath. Instead, he glared at the enormous spire dripping with
blood off in the distance, as he shouted the technique name.
“Rocket Straight!!”
The boxer’s right arm exploded, just a little below the elbow.
No, that wasn’t it—it jettisoned. The round glove and forearm
cut away from the avatar and flew off, trailing bright-red flames.
Even now that he had become the sixth Chrome Disaster,
Haruyuki couldn’t help but be slightly baffled by this. This technique most certainly did not exist in traditional boxing, or any
fighting technique, for that matter.
So you’re not a Perfect Match boxer avatar? Haruyuki suppressed the urge to shout it and chased after the flying fist—the
rocket punch—with his eyes.
Whether it was orthodox or not, given that the technique took
just five seconds from preparation to activation, it was wonderfully fast. It had an impact almost on par with the main artillery

attack of the pure long-distance type, the Red King Scarlet Rain.
Drawing out a long trail of smoke as it charged forward, the
punch soared past the Shuto Expressway No. 3 and the buildings
of Roppongi in the blink of an eye and closed in on Midtown
Tower in the distance.
At that moment, Haruyuki saw something move near the very
top of the massive, sharply tapered tower. It was unbelievably big
—that was all he knew. The reason he couldn’t pick out its precise
size or shape was because it was almost completely transparent.
Even with Disaster’s super resolution power, all he could see was
the strange distortion of the red ambient light around the pinnacle.
Straining his eyes intently, perhaps through some ability of the
Armor or generosity of the Beast, the silhouette in the air where
the light was distorted was emphasized and popped up clearly in
his view. Colored a pale gray, the silhouette was strange: It was
like a person, but also like a bird. It held tightly on to the tower
with at least ten limbs, and an excessively round, enormous head
turned toward the charging rocket punch.
“Ngh!” Haruyuki’s entire body stiffened unconsciously.
From the back of the transparent something, a wide, thin film
spread out to the sides. No doubt about it: wings. Their span exceeded the fifty-meter breadth of Midtown Tower. The entire
creature might have even been larger than the Super-class Enemy
guarding the southern gate of the Castle, the God Suzaku.
The large, transparent wings were tinged with a dim white
light. And then in the next instant, a beam of light jetted out from
the center of the massive head.
The intensity of the light was such that Haruyuki’s enhanced
vision burned pure white momentarily. The bright line, far beyond a mere laser, contained a terrifying amount of heat and
swallowed up Iron Pound’s right fist as it soared forward to

smash into the wall of the building. The fist evaporated in short
order.
The laser beam kept going, shooting several hundred meters
into the streets of Roppongi. The beam concentrated on one spot
for a brief moment, and then there was an incredible explosion,
like the impact of a large meteor.
“Hngk!!” At the same time as the choked cry slipped out of
Haruyuki, the Beast also moaned quietly somewhere deep inside
the Armor. The shaking that assaulted them was so fierce, it
threatened to destroy the Roppongi Hills tower, even though it
should have been sufficiently far away. While Haruyuki and
Pound braced their feet to ride it out, the Green King alone stood
as calm as ever. But Haruyuki caught a glimpse of the tiniest stiffening in even that broad back.
The strength of the ray of light that the transparent something
released to meet the rocket punch far exceeded the level of power
any duel avatar could muster up. That was clear from the width
and depth of the crater left at the center of the explosion. So it
wasn’t a Burst Linker, which meant that it had to be an Enemy.
But if that was the case, the power of this Enemy was on par with
that of the Four Gods—actually, taking into consideration the fact
that its body was transparent, which made it hard to find the
right moment to attack, this Enemy could perhaps even be said to
rank equal with the Gods.
But why? Tokyo Midtown was supposedly nothing more than
a simple landmark, far from the Castle. Why would such a powerful Enemy be guarding it?
“You see it?” Haruyuki heard the now-armless Iron Pound
whisper nearby. Without waiting for Haruyuki’s reply, he continued, “Its proper name is the Legend class Enemy, Archangel
Metatron. The last boss of the massive dungeon beneath Shiba
Park. Or least it was.”

“Meta…tron.” He felt like he had come across the name in
games and manga besides Brain Burst, but a large contradiction
caught his attention, and he opened his mouth again. “The dungeon’s…last boss? But, I mean, not only is it not underground, it’s
up on the top of Midtown Tower…?”
“I said, it was. Someone moved it. Probably they tamed it.”
“Tamed…the last boss…Can you even do that?”
“It’s impossible. Everyone thought so. Until about a week ago,
real-world time, when Metatron suddenly appeared on the
tower,” Iron Pound said, almost groaning, and then glared at the
figure of the “angel,” which had disappeared completely once
more.
“Contrary Cathedral, the massive labyrinth under Shiba Park,
is one of the four great dungeons. And just like the name says, it
flips internal attributes one hundred eighty degrees when a duel
avatar steps on particular panels. From the holiest of sacred
stages, Heaven, to the darkest of dark stages, Hell. And then back
again. That last boss there, Archangel Metatron, has the totally
annoying status of being invisible with a sudden-death attack and
impermeable to all attribute damage. Its power weakens only
when the dungeon attributes are Hell, and then our attacks can
actually hit it…So as long as it’s where it belongs—in the depths of
Contrary Cathedral—it’s not such a terrible enemy. I mean, it’s a
bit tough, but as long as you step on the control panel for the boss
room, you can force Hell attributes to appear whenever you want.
At the very least, it’s waaaay easier to fight than the Four Gods at
the Castle. But…”
Having heard this much of Pound’s explanation, Haruyuki finally felt like he was able to see the bigger picture. Without realizing it, he gave voice to a hazy supposition. “But once Metatron
gets outside…the Hell stage almost never appears, so…”
The boxer nodded in a creaking motion. “Completely invinci-

ble,” he spat. “You can’t see it, and there’s no way to defeat an
Enemy if your attacks can’t hit it. Right now, the area within two
hundred meters of the top floor of Midtown Tower there is completely impenetrable; no one can get in. It’s basically a tiny Castle…”
Naturally, Iron Pound had no way of knowing that Haruyuki
and the other members of Nega Nebulus had not more than an
hour ago succeeded in their Castle escape mission. But they had
been helped by so many coincidences that their success was more
miracle than anything else. One wrong step, and he could have
easily ended up in a state of unlimited EK with his beloved
swordmaster and teacher.
Once his brain had gotten to this point, he clenched his hands
tightly again, and cut off that line of thought. He squelched the
smiling faces of his loved ones springing to life in his mind and
painted over them with a black brush.
“So if you get close, and die in an instant, do you stay there in
unlimited EK?” he asked in a low voice.
“No,” Pound replied, without looking at Haruyuki and seemingly oblivious to his momentary inner strife. “You die instantly,
but the attack is just too intense. You can’t get that far into the
Enemy’s reaction range, so you don’t end up in unlimited EK. If
you put everything you’ve got into a dash right after you regenerate, you can just barely make it without taking the next laser. I
tested that out myself.”
An ironic smile spread across the mouth covered by headgear,
but soon disappeared.
“Our king has the greatest defensive power in the Accelerated
World, and even he could only last five seconds against that light
beam with full Incarnate defenses deployed, so there’s no way
someone like me could do much of anything. Anyway, now you
know the situation. What we’re waiting for here—and why we

stopped you from charging into Midtown Tower.”
Even after Pound closed his mouth, Haruyuki remained silent
for a while. He did indeed finally understand the situation. Iron
Pound and Green Grandé had found the pattern in the change, so
they were waiting up here on the roof of Mori Tower for the Hell
stage that might appear during the next one. Because only in hell
did the Archangel Metatron guarding Midtown Tower lose its
power and become susceptible to attack. And the reason the
Green King had gone so far as to deploy his Incarnate technique
Parsec Wall to repel Haruyuki’s flight was…
“Are you trying to say…that was to save me from Metatron’s
instant death attack?” Haruyuki asked, in a dangerous voice.
Pound shrugged lightly. “If we had known from the start that
you—that Silver Crow had gotten so ‘Disasterfied,’ we prob’ly
would’ve let you keep going. Save ourselves the trouble, and the
points to set a bounty.”
Haruyuki gritted his teeth tightly, and the Beast roared briefly
again. The dark aura rising up from his entire body shimmered
and shook, but he suppressed the urge to attack. The hardness of
Pound and the Green King had been beaten into him mere moments earlier. They were not opponents he could defeat by slashing wildly.
“Chances for the Hell stage to appear next increase three days
from now in real-world time, on Sunday evening.” Glancing at
Haruyuki out of the corner of his eye, Pound waved the remainder of his right arm around in circles as he spoke. “After waiting
up here on this roof for nearly three months, we’re tired—no big
surprise there. So the king and me are going to log out for a bit.
You…at any rate, I’ll just say thanks. Looks like you helped out
our Legion members.”
He stopped speaking for a moment before saying, as if to himself, “You’re seriously a weird one. You’re so deeply Disasterfied,

and yet we’re having a conversation like this.”
“If you’re going to thank me, then you yourself…,” Haruyuki
replied, quietly, ignoring the last bit of Pound’s muttering. But he
cut himself off midsentence.
Pound and the Green King had apparently been waiting here
for over three months of inside time for the Change now. If that
bout of asceticism was for the purpose of attacking Midtown
Tower, it meant that they too were deeply alarmed at the spread
of the ISS kits and were working hard in their own way. They already knew that there was no point in smashing the terminals of
the lower-level members; they had to destroy the main body.
“Bush Utan of Great Wall lost once to the temptation of the
ISS kit, but he tried to get rid of it of his own volition before.
That’s why he was attacked by the kit wearers. So…” Once
Haruyuki had gotten this far in his strangled voice, Pound nodded lightly as he turned around.
“Yeah. The policy of the king and the Legion for this whole
thing’s not to just go and pass Judgment on anyone. Most likely,
at the meeting of the Seven Kings three days from now, the six
Major Legions will agree on a unified policy for dealing with the
Incarnate study kits or whatever…Although, naturally, that’ll be
after they’ve decided on the number one item on the agenda, the
Armor of Catastrophe.”
The iron boxer finished this little businesslike speech and
walked over to the Green King a few meters away. They briefly exchanged words before starting to walk together. They were probably going to take the elevator at the southeast edge of the heliport
down into the building, and then use a nearby portal to return to
the real world.
Watching their backs as sure steps took them farther and farther away from him, Haruyuki thought with a mind that was
somehow numb. Guided by anger and hate, I summoned the

Armor of Catastrophe, and now this time, I really am the sixth
Chrome Disaster. I tore apart those six ISS kit users who attacked Ash and Utan. I slaughtered them with an overly strong
power that really doesn’t belong to me. I’m basically tracing out
the same path as Takumu yesterday. With the darkness generated by the ISS kit, he completely and utterly crushed the PK
group Supernova Remnant after they attacked him. What did I
say to him then?
The instant his thoughts made it this far, his own tearful voice
was replayed from a great distance in the back of his mind. I
know you can fight this black power, too! You can fight it and
break it and move forward again! You can, Taku!!
And then Takumu had stood and faced the darkness hiding inside him, just as Haruyuki had insisted he could: He had brandished his sword and magnificently cut free of the ISS kit parasitizing him.
I can’t do that, Taku. Looking down at the sinister talons of
his own right hand, Haruyuki muttered to himself with a selfdeprecating air, There’s not the tiniest bit of strength left in me,
separate from this armor…but I’ve fused so deeply with it and
the Disaster, maybe I didn’t have any real strength to begin
with. The fight with Great Wall’s third-in-command was super
hard, and I barely made a mark on the king. So the fourth I saw
in the replay, and the fifth, who sent the Yellow King running
with one blow, were way stronger. And if even they couldn’t escape the control of the Armor, then there’s no way someone like
me’s going to be able to fight back now…
If Kuroyukihime had been there at that moment, she would
perhaps have been exasperated—“Quite the trick there. You turn
into Chrome Disaster and become so utterly negative!” But, naturally, he didn’t hear that voice now. Instead, from somewhere
near the base of the tail growing out of his back, he heard the
Beast speak, words mixed with a howl.

GRAAAR. YOU ARE THE PERFECT VESSEL BB PLAYER, THE ONE I HAVE
SOUGHT FOR MANY YEARS. YOU ARE THE FIRST ELEMENT TO HAVE FOUGHT
TO SUCH AN EXTENT SO SOON AFTER FUSING WITH ME.
What? Haruyuki lifted his hanging head and replied with a
thought colored with a wry smile. Are you…comforting me?
GRAR!! Instantly, a howl thundered explosively in his mind. IF
YOU HAVE THE TIME TO OFFER WANTON JESTS, THEN GO AND FIND OUR
NEXT PREY!!
Still, you know, we first had our eyes on Midtown Tower, but
we’re not going to be able to attack with any normal means,
huh? You saw it, too, that serious laser before.
RRRRR. IF WE COULD OBTAIN THE THEORETICAL MIRROR ABILITY.
OR…
At some point, he had started having a conversation with the
Beast nesting inside of him. And then Haruyuki realized that Iron
Pound, who he thought had left a while ago, was standing in front
of the elevator tower, staring at him over his shoulder.
Wondering if he wanted a rematch maybe, Haruyuki shot a
glare at him in return, and the boxer moved his truncated right
arm as if to say Haruyuki had the wrong idea, before he opened
his mouth.
“Nah, don’t worry about it. My eyes were just playing tricks on
me, I guess. For a second, the color of your armor…”
Reflexively, Haruyuki looked down at his own body, but naturally, all he saw there was the evil form of the Armor. The color
was, of course, the shadow-tinged chrome silver.
“Just forget it,” Iron Pound called to Haruyuki as he lifted his
face again, and then shouted, “Listen, Silver Crow! You have
three days left in the deferment they gave you! If you don’t completely remove that Armor there from your avatar before Sunday

at one PM, the highest bounty in the Accelerated World will be put
on you!!”
“And when it is, make sure you’re the first to come for my
head. You want a rematch, don’t you?”
Not responding to Haruyuki’s retort, Iron Pound turned his
back and quickly thrust his left glove up into the air—maybe a
sign that he wouldn’t lose the next time? He then followed the
Green King into the bloodstained elevator. The box covered in
dirty tiles disappeared to the lower floors with an unpleasant
slithering sound.
Left alone on the rooftop of the Deadly Sin stage building,
Haruyuki murmured out loud, unconsciously, “Three more days,
huh…”
If he thought about it calmly, that was the rest of his life as a
Burst Linker. No matter how strong the Armor—the Enhanced
Armament Disaster—might have been, if duelers came after him
single-mindedly one after another whenever he was connected
globally, his own powers of concentration would soon be exhausted. And you could have the most expensive sports car in the
world, but if you drove it half-asleep, you’d get in an accident
soon enough—well, the control AI would forcibly take control before that happened. There was nothing so fragile as a Burst
Linker who couldn’t concentrate. In fact, basically all the Chrome
Disasters, first to fifth, had lost in this way.
“Hey, what’re we gonna do, Beast?”
Naturally, it wasn’t as though his rage and urge to destroy had
disappeared, but perhaps they had been burned up to a certain
extent in the intense fighting with Iron Pound and Green Grandé;
right now, resignation, emptiness, and self-loathing, seasoned
with a dash of despair, were the stronger emotions in him. He
was already annoyed with thinking about this and that, and when
he started talking to the creature casually, it quickly responded

with thoughts like a flare-up.
WE MUST GROW STRONGER, MUCH, MUCH STRONGER. STRONG ENOUGH
TO EASILY SLAUGHTER AND DEVOUR THE ENEMY, WHETHER THAT BE AN
ORIGINATOR OR A PURE COLOR…
“You sure are full of life, huh?” Haru laughed briefly beneath
his visor.
The Beast—more precisely, the many negative memories and
feelings incorporated into the Enhanced Armament Disaster—
functioned like a pseudo-intelligence through the special characteristics of the memory medium. And its objective was very simple: Treat all Burst Linkers as enemies, fight them, beat them, devour them. Due to this simplicity, its mental control was very
strong. The first, who had given birth to the Armor of Catastrophe itself, and the second and third, had, to greater and lesser extents but without exception, had their minds eaten into by the
Armor and been transformed into terrifying berserkers. The
number of Burst Linkers their hands had forever banished from
the Accelerated World definitely didn’t stop at a hundred.
In other words, if he thought about it mechanically, currently,
more than the ISS kits or the Acceleration Research Society, this
Armor of Catastrophe = Beast = sixth Chrome Disaster = Silver
Crow was a much more enormous threat, an enemy of the entire
world.
In the final stages of the Hermes’ Cord race two weeks earlier,
Haruyuki had summoned the Armor once, and he had not
stopped at instantly killing the enemy before his eyes; he had
tried to attack even the hundreds of people in the Gallery. He had
just barely been pulled back into his original state with Lime
Bell’s special attack, but he had felt then that the next time he
called the Armor, he probably wouldn’t be able to return to his
normal self again. That his own mind would be instantly erased,
and he would simply be a presence raging in the darkness.

And now Haruyuki had actually set foot into that boundary region. He had summoned the Armor a second time, become more
deeply fused with it than before. He had indeed let the anger take
over and run wild for a time. But something had started to change
in the middle of the fight with the difficult Iron Pound and
through the great clash with the Green King. He was strangely
quiet now, for some reason.
Was this proof that Haruyuki had already completely become
one with the Disaster? Or was it not Haruyuki at all, but some
factor within the Armor, on the Beast’s side?
“Hey, you…So, like, you…,” Haruyuki began saying to the
Beast. And yet for so long, all this time, he had thought of it as the
terrifying root of all evil, basically a time bomb lurking within his
own self. “If you fight your enemy and win, and win and win and
keep winning, until you beat the very last one, what’re you going
to do after that?”
For a while, there was no reply. He wondered if maybe the
creature hadn’t actually thought about what came after that, but
finally, a low roar thundered deep in his head.
I DO NOT KNOW. IT DOES NOT MATTER. OUR PURPOSE IS SIMPLY TO DESTROY THE ENEMY BEFORE US AND NOTHING MORE.
“Heh, ha-ha. I guess so.” Haruyuki laughed briefly and nodded.
Now that had he summoned the Catastrophe of his own will
and completely awakened it, there was a strong possibility that
even if he turned to Lime Bell’s Citron Call and Ardor Maiden’s
Purification, he wouldn’t be able to go back to normal. In other
words, just like the Beast, Haruyuki no longer had anywhere to go
home to. Because he had no guarantee that the instant he saw the
faces of his friends in Nega Nebulus, he wouldn’t lose all reason
like he had before and slash at them wildly.

Of course, at some point, he would have to leave the Unlimited
Neutral Field and face Chiyuri, Takumu, Fuko, Utai, and
Kuroyukihime in the real world. But Haruyuki had no idea what
he should do or what he should say to his loved ones when that
happened, to the point that he even had the thought that his only
choice was to simply continue to wander in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, where time flowed accelerated by a factor of a thousand.
Attack anything that came into sight without discrimination,
Enemy or Burst Linker, and defeat it. Wear himself down during
the long, long hours, until he was on the verge of disappearing.
Then he might be able to get through it without feeling too
sad. Even if he had to say good-bye to those very important people only halfway through their journey.
“Looks like we’re gonna be spending a lot of time together,
huh, partner?”
All Haruyuki got in reply was a brief, displeased roar.
I can’t believe I can chat like this with that terrifying Beast
now. And animals don’t usually really like me… As this thought
wandered through his mind, he decided to head east for now, toward Ginza. He walked toward the edge of Mori Tower.
At that point, Haruyuki didn’t bother to concern himself with
two important facts.
One was that if he had truly become one with the Armor of
Catastrophe, aka the Disaster, then he wouldn’t be able to hear
the Beast’s voice to start with. In fact, for a while after he summoned the Armor an hour earlier in the northern part of the
Shibuya area, Haruyuki had been basically unaware of the existence of it—because he himself had become “the Beast” and had
been rampaging.
He had become able to hear the consciousness’s voice in his
head in the instant he tried to fight the control of the Armor with

his own will—in the middle of the fierce battle with Iron Pound.
Ever since, Haruyuki had fought while communicating at superhigh speed with the Beast. In other words, battle power aside, this
could actually be seen as proof that his level of fusion with the
Armor was low on the mental side…but the Haruyuki of that moment wasn’t able to recognize this.
And the second fact, which Haruyuki had completely forgotten:
An hour earlier, as he had been about to leave the members of
Nega Nebulus in front of the southern gates of the Castle and fly
off to look for Ash Roller, Chiyuri had said, Haru, if you’re not
back in an hour, we’ll pull the cable on the other side, okay?
As he prepared to fly off aimlessly from the eastern edge of the
roof as a wandering mercenary, a reddish-purple system message
flashed fiercely in the center of his field of view. DISCONNECTION
WARNING. He was being disconnected.
It took a few seconds for him to realize what was happening.
His friends had returned to the real world ahead of him through a
leave-point, and now they were physically pulling out the XSB
cable connecting him to the Unlimited Neutral Field out of his
Neurolinker. The bloodstained scene of the Deadly Sin stage
began to disappear, stretching out vertically like toffee. On the
verge of being cut loose from the Accelerated World, he heard the
brief howl of the Beast.
In addition to the usual rage and annoyance, the voice seemed
like it also held the slightest note of some other, unfamiliar emotion.

3
The first thing he felt was not the dull weight of his real world
body, nor the elasticity of the sofa up against his back, nor even
the cool air emitted by the air conditioner. It was the sensation of
someone’s hand squeezing his left shoulder tightly, the faint scent
of something sweetly minty, and hair like silk tickling his cheek.
Before even opening his eyes, Haruyuki knew there was someone right in front of him. Even still, the instant he saw Kuroyukihime barely thirty centimeters away, eyes like the starry sky wideopen, he couldn’t stop himself from trembling at the feelings that
filled his heart.
Kuroyukihime was gripping his shoulder with her right hand,
and in her left, she held the XSB plug she had just pulled out of
his Neurolinker. Apparently, she had been the one to carry out
the physical disconnection, rather than Chiyuri.
“Haruyuki.” She parted her smooth, faintly cherry-colored
lips, and a slightly strained voice came out. “We waited for an
hour, but you didn’t come back, so apologies, but we took the liberty of activating the emergency disconnect safety.”
“…Right.” He somehow managed to produce that much of an
answer, but his voice was so raspingly hoarse it surprised even
him. The inside of his mouth was completely dried out; his
tongue wouldn’t move properly.
A glass of iced oolong tea was swiftly proffered from his right.
Holding it was Fuko Kurasaki, looking as worried as Kuroyukihime, if not more so. Bowing his head slightly, Haru accepted the
glass and drank the chilled tea down in one gulp. The pain in his

throat finally subsided, and he let out a small sigh.
As if she had been waiting for him to relax a little, Kuroyukihime opened her mouth once more. “Did something happen?
Right before we moved to exit through the leave-point at the police station, the closest one to the Castle’s southern gate, we saw a
tremendous explosion in the south, probably in the direction of
Akasaka. You couldn’t have actually…”
Oh, right, he thought. All he had said to Kuroyukihime and the
others when he left them at the Castle’s southern gate was that he
was going to look for Ash Roller, so naturally none of them knew
anything. Nothing about the many—too many—events that had
happened in the following hour.
Still holding the now-empty glass with both hands, Haruyuki
quietly looked away. Kuroyukihime was directly in front of him,
one knee on the sofa, almost bending forward. To her right,
kneeling on the carpet, was Fuko. Farther to the right, sitting on
her knees alongside Haruyuki on the sofa, was Utai Shinomiya.
When he turned his eyes to the opposite side, Takumu
Mayuzumi and Chiyuri Kurashima were leaning forward, shoulders almost pressed together. All the members of the second
Nega Nebulus had a shared look of sincere and deep concern for
Haruyuki on their faces.
And yet.
And yet, their faith in me, I…
Forcing that momentary thought out of his mind, Haruyuki
somehow succeeded in bringing an awkward smile to his face. He
looked at Kuroyukihime again. “Oh, uh, I’m okay,” he said, clumsily, still unable to meet her eyes. “I wasn’t pulled into that explosion. And I didn’t die. I was pretty close to a portal before I logged
out, so it’ll probably be easy to leave normally.”

Once he had gotten this much out, a hint of relief rose up on
the faces of everyone present. However, the moment he saw that,
a feeling of guilt like a sharp needle plunged into Haruyuki’s
heart. He had to tell them. Everything. What he had done. That
he had given himself over to anger, lost his senses, and destroyed
something precious—something called possibility. Not just for
Haruyuki, but the future of the Legion Nega Nebulus itself.
Suppressing the urge to sob and wail like a small child,
Haruyuki focused on keeping a smile on his face as he gently
pushed Kuroyukihime’s hand away from his shoulder. His
beloved swordmaster leaned back, brow furrowing slightly, and
didn’t quite stand while rearranging herself on the sofa.
He reached a hand out and placed the empty glass on the coffee table before lifting his face. “Um, I’ll start at the beginning,
okay?” He looked at Fuko first and gave her a nod. “Master, I
found Ash Roller a little north of Shibuya Station. Apparently, before meeting with all of you, he planned to pick up Bush Utan in
Shibuya and bring him along. But they were attacked by a group
wearing ISS kits.”
“What?!” Fuko gasped, her eyes flying open.
Haruyuki nodded briefly again. “It’s all right. It looks like the
attackers stole points from them a few times, but neither Ash nor
Utan got to total loss. They should be leaving normally through
the portal at Shibuya Station right about now.”
“I see.” Fuko let out the breath she’d been holding and furrowed her brow. “Even though I knew it would be far too late, I
was this close to running down to the parking lot and pulling off
Ash’s Neurolinker. Honestly, no matter how many times I say not
to, that child’s habit of running off cannot be corrected…I must
make sure I give Ash the superspecial course from the Incarnate
training menu.”
UI> DON’T BE TOO HARD ON ASH, Utai replied in the chat win-

dow, pulling her shoulders in for some reason, and Kuroyukihime, Chiyuri, and Takumu laughed together.
“Um.” Haruyuki worked intently to relax his cheeks and somehow put something resembling a smile on his face as he recommenced his story. “So after I managed to beat back the kit users, I
saw one of the ISS kits fly off to the east, so I went after it. It
moved to the area around Roppongi Hills, but I ran into members
of another Legion there, so I got into another little fight, but I
managed somehow…And then right after they left through the
Mori Tower portal, you pulled the cable out for me, Kuroyukihime, and I burst out, too. The explosion you guys saw was
caused by this massive Enemy nearby, but it wasn’t like it was
targeting me, so…”
Haruyuki closed his mouth here, but given how many details
his explanation omitted, it was no surprise when his friends exchanged looks that said something didn’t quite click for them.
Kuroyukihime gave voice to the questions.
“The most important thing is that you’re safe, Haruyuki. Just
now, you said you…beat back the group of ISS kit users, yes?
Does that mean that you defeated several IS mode users by yourself? Oh, I don’t mean to cast doubt on your actual abilities,
but…”
“Uh, um…”
“Kuroyukihime, when Haru does something, he really does it,
you know!” Chiyuri spoke up brightly, perhaps keenly sensing
that Haruyuki was hard-pressed to answer. “Lately, if you let him
use a sneaky trick or two when he’s down, he’ll come out better
than the Yellow King!”
“…Chiyuri, was that a compliment?”
Takumu, Fuko, and Utai all smiled at this exchange between
the two girls. Haruyuki tried hard to join them and push some-

thing like a laugh out of his throat. But at the same time, the feelings he had been desperately trying to dam up in the bottom of
his heart were about to burst forth.
The cheery voices of his friends were just too warm, their faces
too dazzling. Until the instant they dove into the Unlimited Neutral Field together—mere minutes before, according to the clock
on the wall—Haruyuki had been a part of the small but strong circle of Nega Nebulus. He had believed that he would rescue Ardor
Maiden from the mouth of the God Suzaku, be purified of the
parasitic element of the Armor, and then fight alongside all of
them forever. And yet…And yet…
“Haruyuki…?” At the sound of Kuroyukihime’s bewildered
murmur, Haruyuki finally realized that a tear was sliding down
his own right cheek.
“I-I’m sorry.” He hurriedly wiped at it with the back of his
hand several times and put a smile on his face once more. “It’s
nothing. I’m just relieved now that the mission to rescue Shinomiya’s over, and…” He managed to quickly push this out, but
then his real-world body rejected his control, and large drops
began to spill from both eyes, one after another. His face screwed
up, and his chest heaved.
“Haruyuki.” Kuroyukihime said his name in a clear voice, and
reached out with a pale hand.
He gently, but still with some force, pushed back with both
hands. Kuroyukihime’s slender body had no sooner moved away
from him than he was springing up from the sofa and running
heavily toward the living room door. With his hand on the doorknob, Haruyuki looked back and said to his wide-eyed friends,
“I’m sorry, guys. I’m really sorry.”
“Wh-what’s wrong, Haru?” Takumu shouted. “At least tell us
first. We promised not to hide things from each other anymore,
didn’t we?!”

Haruyuki started to reflexively lower his eyes, but then
stopped and endured their gazes at least. To these people he
loved, sitting about in the center of his blurry, hazy vision, he said
hoarsely, “I’m not Silver Crow anymore. I’m the sixth Chrome
Disaster.”
He felt them all gasp as one, but he couldn’t make out the details of their faces through his veil of tears. Thanks to that, he was
able to string a few more words together.
“The Armor’s totally become one with my duel avatar. It’s too
late to go back or to purify it…I’m sorry, Kuroyukihime. I…I…
you…”
I wanted to see the farthest reaches of the Accelerated World
with you. Swallowing this, Haruyuki turned without waiting for
Kuroyukihime’s reaction. He pushed the door open and flew out
into the hallway.
Behind him, he heard the footfalls of what was probably
Takumu and Kuroyukihime. Running toward the front door,
Haruyuki accessed his home server and opened a holowindow to
press his finger down on the FORCE LOCK button in the security settings tab.
“Haru!!”
“You have to wait, Haruyuki!!”
As if fleeing from their voices, he shoved his feet into his
sneakers at the same time as he pushed open the entryway door.
He had no sooner stepped out through the gap into the shared
hallway outside than he was pushing the door shut again with his
body and hitting the LOCK button.
Chak! The sound of the lock rang out like something had been
severed. Immediately after that came the sound of the handle of
the door being pushed down several times, and then that of the

dead bolt being turned, but the door did not open. No one but
Haruyuki, with his administrator privileges on the Arita home
server, could unlock that door.
Flicking around in the window, he set the maximum fifteen
minutes for the time to maintain the lock and then started talking
to Kuroyukihime, who was still calling his name on the other side
of the five-centimeter-thick door.
“Kuroyukihime. I—I summoned the Armor of Catastrophe of
my own will. Just when—just when all of you were working so
hard to purify the seed parasitizing me…even though Mei made it
out of the Castle alive…I made it all worthless…”
How could it be worthless?! Do you think I don’t at least understand you would do that to save a friend you care about?! I
will cut that Armor away from you in a single blow! So open the
door, Haruyuki!!
Even separated from him by the layers of aluminum, Kuroyukihime’s voice reached his ears very clearly. And the vibrations of
her pounding steadily on the door with all her might felt like they
came directly through his back and into his heart.
“If we go on like this, you and everyone in the Legion might
end up being investigated, too, at the meeting of the Seven Kings
on Sunday. And if everyone gets a bounty put on their heads…
Nega Nebulus will disappear. I have to make sure that doesn’t
happen, at least.” The vibrations stopped at this. In the brief silence, Haruyuki focused on giving voice to his last words. “I’ll finish things with the Armor of Catastrophe myself. Please wait…I
know I’ll come back. To you…to everyone.”
That was the first big lie Haruyuki had told since he’d become
a Burst Linker as Kuroyukihime’s child. The Armor could no
longer be cut free. Even now, while he was in the real world, he
felt that Beast breathing somewhere deep inside him. There was
only one thing he could do: disappear along with it. After fighting

countless battles, wear his existence itself out.
I’m sorry. Good-bye, Kuroyukihime. Good-bye, Master.
Sorry, Taku, Chiyu. And…Shinomiya.
Whispering this in his heart, Haruyuki peeled his back off the
door. He clenched his hands into tight fists and started running
for the elevator. The time display in the lower right of his field of
view said 7:20 PM, still a time when a junior high school student
would be allowed to be walking alone outside. If he went back
into the Unlimited Neutral Field again right away from a dive café
somewhere, he should be able to finish everything before he was
chased out of the café at ten.
Even in the midst of his confusion and worrying, the thought
did indeed cross his mind that perhaps his own actions were a little too rash. But he could not forget the fact that the Armor of
Catastrophe gradually ate into even the personality of the Burst
Linker wearing it in the real world. Haruyuki could not repeat the
tragedy of the fifth Disaster Cherry Rook trying to eat his own
child and Legion Master Niko. At least that, he could not allow.
Absolutely not.
In his last dive, Haruyuki had only lost himself and attacked
Olive Grab and the other ISS kit wearers. In the fighting with Iron
Pound and the Green King, he had started to rampage twice, but
fortunately, it hadn’t reached the level where he lost his reason or
his memory. He would settle this while he could still be himself.
Carving this into his heart, when he went to get into the elevator, his VOICE CALL icon began to flash, accompanied by a light
synthetic sound. The caller was…Chiyuri.
Haruyuki clenched his hands as tightly as he could and rode
out the desire to push the icon. He apologized in his heart as he
cut all network connects from his Neurolinker. And then, instead
of using the now-disabled AR button, he specified the first floor
with the control panel in the elevator, something he had no mem-

ory of ever using.
The basement up to the third floor of the multi-use high-rise
condo in northern Koenji where Haruyuki, Takumu, and Chiyuri
lived was taken up by a large shopping mall. Even though it was a
weekday evening, the central walkway on the first floor was quite
busy with families and couples. As he trotted ahead, ignoring all
the smiling faces and the fun these people were having, Haruyuki
felt a little sense of déjà vu.
Right. It had been in April…the day Haruyuki’s lone power, his
flying ability, had been stolen by the Burst Linker who suddenly
appeared at Umesato Junior High, the Twilight Marauder, Dusk
Taker. After he had been ordered to pay a tribute of burst points
every day, Haruyuki had raced through the shoppers, holding
back tears just like this.
In the end, he’d been saved by Ash Roller, when he had challenged him to a duel on Kannana Street. Ash had taken Haruyuki
to meet his parent Sky Raker, and she had given him the two
powers: that of the Incarnate system, as well as that of the Gale
Thruster, all so that he could defeat Dusk Taker in the final battle.
This time, however, he couldn’t rely on anyone else. Because,
if he faced them in the Accelerated World, Haruyuki might indiscriminately attack them. Given this risk, the act of diving into the
Unlimited Neutral Field itself was full of danger. He couldn’t say
that he wouldn’t run across someone there who didn’t want to
fight. Maybe it would be better to pull the Neurolinker off his
neck and smash it or throw it into the fountain. Destroying the
installed BB program itself might be the only way to bury the
Armor of Catastrophe…
And then a pair of neatly lined-up shoes came into Haruyuki’s
field of view ahead of him, as he headed for the entrance with his
head hanging. They weren’t new, but the black loafers had been
well cared for. White socks, slender calves. A plaid pleated skirt
swinging slightly above small knees.

Someone, probably a girl, was standing in Haruyuki’s path—in
other words, smack in the middle of the central hallway of the
shopping mall. She might have been manipulating her virtual
desktop, but it was still a serious violation of etiquette. But of
course, he did not have the nerve to just charge forward and
shove her aside, so he changed course to the left without looking
up at the other girl’s face.
But, shockingly, the black loafers also took a step to the left
and continued to block his path.
Finally, feeling mildly irritated, Haruyuki shifted again, to the
right. But the owner of the shoes also moved in the same direction. The distance between them was cut down to a meter, and he
was forced to stop.
“Excuse me,” Haruyuki whispered, stubbornly not looking up.
“I’m coming through here.”
Ah! I’m sorry! was naturally the reaction he was expecting.
But…there was a bit of a pause, and then a fairly low voice said
something beyond unexpected:
“I. Won’t let you.”
Huh?! Things having reached this point, there was no way that
even Haruyuki could help but straighten his rounded back.
As he lifted his eyes, the mysterious path-blocking girl came
into full view in pieces. Above the plaid skirt: an ivory school
cardigan. At the neckline, a ribbon of the same pattern as the
skirt. If it was a school uniform, it was a fairly stylish design. Over
it, a smallish shoulder bag hung diagonally. The girl was probably
in junior high, but she was quite slender and small. Thin arms
were spread out at an angle of about thirty degrees; she was extremely serious about blocking Haruyuki.
Even more dumbfounded, he finally looked at his opponent’s

face. Like the voice and the uniform, it was unfamiliar. Her features were sharply put together, with something boyish about
them, and her hair was short and slightly unkempt. Haruyuki was
bad at remembering faces, but still, there was very little doubt
that this was the first time he’d ever seen this girl. However, he
couldn’t definitively declare this to be true, seeing as how he’d
only looked at her face for a moment before reflexively sliding his
eyes away.
And that was because the mysterious girl had downturned
eyes wet with tears, on the verge of spilling down her cheeks.
There was no reason for him to even try to figure out why a junior high girl on the verge of tears was not letting him pass in the
middle of a mall full of shoppers; the whole thing made no sense
at all. Haruyuki somehow managed to turn off his “surprised”
switch before he went into full-on, frozen shock.
“Um,” he whispered, “I—I think you have the wrong person.
Excuse me, I’m in a hurry, so…” And then he changed course for
the third time, trying to slip by on the left.
The half-crying girl reached out to grab his wrist with unexpected force. “I don’t have. The wrong person,” she told him in an
even thinner voice. “I can’t. Let you go.”
“Huh?! Wh-why…I haven’t done anything!” Haruyuki said,
hurriedly, feeling the eyes of passersby finally turning on them.
The girl’s response to this was further denial.
“No. You did. You. Saved. Me,” she announced haltingly, tears
building up in her single-lidded eyes.
“I’m. Ash. Roller.”

4
Many abilities were required of those who would be Burst Linkers, but the most important was the ability to react to a situation.
Anything could happen in the middle of a duel, even if your
opponent was a duel avatar you knew well. Your chances at victory in an unimaginable situation were slim if you didn’t react
quickly. The chance to collect information and act. You could
leverage the performance of your avatar or you could be killed,
depending on whether or not you could make this process happen
in a short time.
The foundation for Silver Crow’s speed, his greatest strength,
was Haruyuki’s own reaction speed. And it wasn’t as though he
had only recently developed the ability to race through a moment
of paralysis during a duel.
However…
Now Haruyuki’s thought clock dropped to below a single hertz,
and he could do nothing other than gape, eyes and mouth wide
open.
Ash Roller. So…Wait. Who?
It’s…Ash. He answered his own lagging thoughts. Rides the
antique American motorcycle. With the skull helmet. All shrieking with laughter, thinks he’s so hot.
Huh? This is what’s inside Ash? This quiet girl?
Haruyuki used up a full ten seconds before finally processing

even a fragment of this new information, but there his thoughts
stopped once more. For an instant at least, his own predicament
flew completely out of his head, and in the blankness there, a tiny
motorcycle zoomed past within his mind. And yet he still stood
frozen in the middle of the crowded shopping mall.
The girl with the teary eyes gave his wrist another tug. “Um,”
she said quietly. “Let’s. Go somewhere. Else.”
Essentially brain-dead, Haruyuki allowed himself to be led to the
large parking area on Basement 2 of the mall. They cut through
the orderly rows of EVs, and a familiar compact car appeared.
Fresh canary yellow, Italian five-door hatchback—the beloved car
of Sky Raker, aka Fuko Kurasaki (or, more precisely, Ash’s
mother).
The girl apparently had a remote key because she made a
quick gesture with her right hand, and the doors were unlocked,
accompanied by the flashing of the car’s turn signals. She pulled
the rear right door open and pushed Haruyuki into the backseat
before sliding in after him.
He could take the fact that the girl had been given the key to
this car as proof that she knew Fuko. Still, he simply could not
process the claim that the junior high school girl with the messy
short hair plopped down beside him was the Ash Roller, and he
sat there emptily. In comparison, it had all felt so much more real
when he learned that the little girl who had slipped into his house
under the pretense of being his relative Tomoko Saito was actually the second Red King, Scarlet Rain.
However, he couldn’t stay frozen like this forever. Seven minutes had already passed since he flew out of his house in his
sloppy T-shirt and long shorts. He had eight more minutes before
the emergency lock function of the Arita house automatically unlocked and released Kuroyukihime and the other four, after which
they would no doubt come running after him.

Finding him in the enormous condo complex when he had cut
his Neurolinker off from the network would probably be difficult,
but they had Chiyuri and Takumu on their side. When the three
of them were little, they had played countless games of tag and
hide-and-seek with this building as their staging ground, and
Haruyuki’s win ratio was far and away the lowest of all three.
With Chiyuri’s weird animal instincts, once they got around to the
ice cream of Enjiya, they would sniff out his location in minutes.
Which meant if he really intended to settle the situation by himself, then he had at best ten minutes before he needed to be outside the condo.
Having succeed in rebooting his brain with this little detour,
Haruyuki glanced over at the girl, still sniffling beside him, and
managed to open his mouth.
“Ummmm, so…what you said before, Ash Roller? So you’re,
like, Ash’s friend or messenger…or something?” he asked first,
betting on the unlikely possibility that he had misheard her before.
But clutching the white handkerchief she had pulled out at
some point in both hands, the girl made a clear gesture of denial,
shaking her soft hair. She hung her face, which was for some reason a little redder now, and in a voice that threatened to disappear, oozing shyness, she said, “I’m Ash.”
His thoughts threatened to shut down once more. But he still
couldn’t actually believe it.
In the expansive Accelerated World, there were people for
whom the images of their duel avatars and their real selves were
far apart. Haruyuki himself could be said to be one of them. If
you only knew the slender-to-the-extreme body of Silver Crow,
you wouldn’t really be able to imagine that this rotund eighthgrade boy was the true identity of that duel avatar.
But that sort of thing happened mostly with external appear-

ance. There wasn’t much divergence in the tone of voice or the
way a person held themselves—their “spirit,” as it were. Burst
Linkers Haruyuki knew in the real—Kuroyukihime and the other
members of Nega Nebulus, Niko and Pard from Prominence, and
even that crafty Dusk Taker—were no exception.
In contrast, the girl beside him and Ash Roller had not a single
point in common—or at least, that’s how it looked. The words
they used, their gestures, their personalities were so different,
they could only be called polar opposites. And no matter how he
looked at it, that biker was a male-type avatar, wasn’t it? And in
Brain Burst, if the person was a girl, then they would definitely
get a female type…
“Oh!” Haruyuki let out a small cry as he remembered a certain
scene. He threw his body back to the right and stared straight on
for the first time at the teary face of the girl.
She shrank back slightly even as she returned his gaze, her
face housing a soft weakness and coolness at the same time. She
was indeed a girl, but her appearance gave the faint impression of
a nerdy boy. Her face did somehow resemble the “bare face” of
Ash Roller hidden beneath the skull-patterned helmet shield.
“…You…really…but why…” Haruyuki asked an entirely too
vague question.
The teary-eyed girl replied in action rather than words. She
opened the small shoulder bag on the knees of her skirt and
tucked away the handkerchief before pulling out something else
in its place. Right and left arms folded up, dark metallic gray—a
Neurolinker.
Huh? he thought, as he shifted his gaze to the girl’s slender
neck. Already equipped there was a cute pastel-green quantum
communication terminal. Given that she had unlocked the car
earlier with a wave of her right hand, it would naturally be
strange if there wasn’t.

But then, here came his second question.
Neurolinkers were mobile devices in a line descended from the
old cell phones and smart phones, but that was not all they were.
They were business cards, wallets, personal identification. The
particular brain waves of the user and the particular ID burned
into the core chip were linked; just by wearing it, you proved who
you were. So that ID was, for all intents and purposes, a “citizen
number.”
Put another way, the Neurolinker was a “tagged necklace” the
government gave citizens. Reinforcing that, ownership of multiple Neurolinkers was prohibited by law. Of course, there were
several ways to get a hold of a second or third terminal, but there
was no point in getting just the machine, given that only one key
core chip was issued per person, and the chips could be transferred (i.e., to a new model) only at a ward office or governmentapproved shop. Even the Kuroyukihime had only one Neurolinker. If she had had two, she wouldn’t have had to stay disconnected from the global net for over two years in order to hide
from the assassins of the Six Kings.
For all these reasons, Haruyuki was honestly stunned at the
second Neurolinker the girl pulled out. “I-is that…yours?” he
asked hoarsely. “Y-you can use it?”
“I. Can,” the girl replied, tilting her head at a very slight angle.
“But. It’s. Not mine. This was my. Older brother’s. Neurolinker.”
“I-it was your older brother’s?” he parroted, dumbfounded,
and the mysterious girl nodded sharply, turning her entire body
toward him on the leather seat. However, they were inside a car,
so this essentially amounted to her twisting her torso, inevitably
yanking up the hem of her skirt to reveal a fair amount of her pale
legs.
Even in this increasingly complex situation, Haruyuki, being
Haruyuki, could only freeze his eyeballs unnaturally in panic. But

the girl seemed unconcerned with his reaction and snapped her
back up straight while taking several deep breaths. It was almost
as though the girl was just as nervous in this situation as
Haruyuki. Placing the gray Neurolinker on her lap, she squeezed
both hands tightly as if telling herself, You can do it.
Finally, she took another breath before turning eternally teary
eyes back toward Haruyuki. “I—My name is. Rin Kusakabe,” she
said, in a clear voice. At the same time, she made a small gesture
with her right hand, and a pale-green rectangle appeared in his
field of view. A name tag sent via an ad hoc connection. The kanji
characters displayed there read RIN KUSAKABE. She was born in
2033, making her an eighth grader in junior high, just like
Haruyuki.
“Uh, um, I’m Haruyuki Arita.” Reflexively, he gave his name as
he pushed the button to send his name tag in return. The girl,
Rin, dropped her eyes to glance at the tag and smiled the tiniest
bit, the first time since their chance meeting.
Pressed into an even more panicked state, he gave voice semiautomatically to a question not high up on his list of priorities.
“Th-th-that reminds me. In the mall before, how did you know I
was Silver Crow?”
“That…A few minutes after. I burst out in the car. I got a voice
call from Master. Your picture was attached. And she ordered me
to. Do whatever it took to catch you. Before you left the condo.”
“Master? You mean Sky Raker, right?” he confirmed, and then
his brain took a shortcut, moving sideways.
The combination didn’t entirely make sense. On the surface at
least, Fuko Kurasaki was basically a graceful, upper middle-class
high school student, and yet she was parent to the arrogant and
insolent fin de siècle rider. From that point of view, the girl before
him now no doubt had much more in common with Fuko, but
this didn’t answer the fundamental question.

As Haruyuki fought the urge to hold his head in his hands, Rin
Kusakabe took the metallic-gray Neurolinker in her hands once
more. Each time she moved, a faint floral scent wafted through
the car, decelerating his thoughts. When she started speaking
again, Haruyuki hurriedly sat up straighter.
“Um. I’ll start. From the beginning. Why. I became. A Burst
Linker.”
“My brother’s name was Rinta, and he was an ICGP racer.”
This was Rin’s beginning.
ICGP was a category of two-wheeled—in other words, motorcycle—racing. IC stood for “internal combustion.” In an age
where electric vehicles had conquered even the world of motorsports, this was, to be blunt, an old-fashioned race, a lingering
obsession with gasoline-engine vehicles that had no AI controls.
Nevertheless, compared with the strong, silent, and smart impression of electric racing machines, gasoline vehicles had an appeal that was hard to deny, with their roaring exhausts and wild
spins. It wouldn’t be a surprise if this category of racing, under attack for years as a symbol of environmental destruction, disappeared at any time, but Haruyuki himself had pushed back his
sleepiness to watch the midnight broadcasts any number of
times.
“My brother was. Six years older than me. And I know I’m the
one saying it, but he. Was a talented rider. Two years ago, if he
did well domestically. He’d get to go to Europe. It was a chance
he embraced.” As she falteringly told the story, Rin’s eyes welled
up with transparent droplets once more. “But in the last race.
From the inside. He was hit by another car. I was there cheering
for him. He was. Crushed right in front of me. Fortunately, they
saved his life. But he’s been unconscious ever since. This whole
time. Even when they. Force him into a full dive with a medical
Neurolinker. There’s only. The faintest reaction…”

Unsure of how to respond, Haruyuki simply continued to stare
into Rin’s wet eyes.
In EV races, where AI controls were the rule, there were essentially no accidents caused by one car touching another. This
meant viewers did not get to see thrilling passes or the neck-andneck fights, sparks shooting out from the wheels of both cars, so
this was a selling point for ICGP and IC Formula, which had exactly these elements. But it was inevitable that the number of serious accidents was an order of magnitude higher.
Rin blinked several times and calmed her breathing before
continuing, “For the last two years. My brother’s been in a large
hospital. In Shibuya. I live in Egota, in Nakano Ward. But I chose
a private. Junior high in Shibuya.”
“So you could go visit him?” Haruyuki asked in a small voice,
and Rin nodded sharply.
“The doctor said. His chances of recovery are higher when. He
can hear the voices of his family. And have us hold his hand in the
real world. I stop at the hospital every day. On my way home
from school. I wanted to go every day during summer vacation,
too. But I felt shy about asking. For a bus pass just for that. And
then, last summer, in the hospital cafeteria, his primary doctor.
Suggested I work there part-time just for summer vacation.”
“I—I get it.”
With the easing of restrictions on hiring minors in the revision
of the labor standards, junior high school students were also now
able to work the part-time jobs they had previously been forbidden, although the hours they could work were limited. Still,
Haruyuki had never once thought about working to earn money
himself, and he unconsciously let out a sigh of admiration.
“Wow. I mean, working the whole summer vacation for your
brother’s sake…”

“No.” Eyes still damp with the ever-present tears, Rin smiled
very faintly as she shook her head. “I’m just clumsy at work. Last
summer alone, I broke ten plates. And glasses.”
“Y-you did?”
“And not just. That. Once, I dumped ice water. On a patient’s
lap.”
“Y-you…did?”
“Fortunately, the patient was very nice. A little older, but a junior high student like me. And our schools are close to each
other, too. We got closer after that. We talk about where we’ll go
to high school. About my brother, all kinds of things.”
“Mm-hmm.” Unable to see where this was going, Haruyuki
forgot his own predicament a little and leaned forward. The time
display in the right of his view was second by second approaching
the fifteen-minute limit from the time he’d flown out of the
house, but he wasn’t paying attention to that.
Last summer. So about ten months earlier. Right before
Haruyuki became a Burst Linker at Kuroyukihime’s invitation.
Rin stared back at him with damp eyes and continued, “After
meeting several times, she. Saw through. To my ‘mental scars.’
And then said there was another form. Of the city of Tokyo. And
that there. Maybe I could find the answers I was looking for.”
“Your mental scars. Another Tokyo,” Haruyuki murmured, before belatedly understanding what those words meant.
The urban center of virtual Tokyo where boys and girls with
pain in their hearts came together and fought. The Accelerated
World, the hidden battlefield produced by the Brain Burst program.
“So then this person is your parent Burst Linker?”

“That’s. Right. My kind. Harsh Master,” Rin said, nodding,
and Haruyuki gasped.
He had actually almost forgotten, but the girl before him was
asserting that she was the Ash Roller. If that was true, then that
meant the junior high student Rin had met in the hospital cafeteria was Haruyuki’s own teacher, the level-eight Burst Linker
“Strong Arm” Sky Raker, aka Fuko Kurasaki.
He hesitated to actually say Raker’s real name out loud in case
Rin was a hostile Burst Linker approaching him with some sort of
hidden agenda, although that was hard to imagine at this point.
Perhaps understanding what was in Haruyuki’s heart as he fell
silent in a momentary indecisiveness, perhaps not, Rin slowly
lowered her eyes.
“When I heard the explanation of the conditions for installing
the program Brain Burst 2039…I—I thought it would be. Impossible. I only got my first Neurolinker right before I went to elementary. School.”
“So then you couldn’t meet the first condition…right?”
Rin bowed her head slightly in agreement.
The very first requirement to be able to install the Brain Burst
program—to become a Burst Linker—was to have been wearing a
Neurolinker since immediately after birth. Most parents wouldn’t
go to that extreme unless they were very enthusiastic about childrearing, or the exact opposite of that.
“I. Explained that. But Master smiled. And said. ‘I feel. The
light of. A strong will in you. My. Instincts about this. Are never
wrong.’”
This sort of gentle and kindly controlling statement did indeed
sound like something Fuko would say. But although she might
have been the “actually really scary Master Raker,” even Fuko

couldn’t fake meeting the first requirement of Brain Burst.
Haruyuki cocked his head to one side, and Rin once again lifted
up the item she held in both hands.
“Then,” she said. “I. Remembered…when my brother—Rinta.
Was little, he was a troublemaker. He wasn’t just going to be an
ICGP rider. He was going to make me one, too. So when I was a
baby. He used to sneak his Neurolinker onto me. My parents.
Said he showed me race videos.”
“Y-your brother’s kind of amazing, huh?”
A stiff smile spread across her face, and she blinked in surprise. They might have been brother and sister, but a different
person was still a different person. Even if her brother had put
the Neurolinker on her, wouldn’t it have been impossible for her
to activate it?
As if guessing the question in Haruyuki’s mind, Rin nodded.
“A newborn’s brain’s not. Fully developed until they’re a toddler.
So apparently, the particular brain wave pattern can’t always be
read. Well. Of course, these are rare cases. But Rinta’s Neurolinker apparently recognized. Baby me as a user, too. And ever
since I can remember. Until my parents bought me my own, I
borrowed my brother’s sometimes. To read picture books. Do full
dives. That was. This Neurolinker.”
What Rin held so carefully in both hands was a worn-out,
metallic-gray wearable device.
As he stared at it incredulously, Haruyuki realized something.
He hadn’t noticed it until now because of the gloom in the car,
but in addition to the peeling paint and wear from normal use,
the external plastic shell had a crack like a bolt of lightning racing
across it, likely made in some kind of intense impact.
“My brother. Kept using the first Neurolinker he got as a kid
all that time. He just changed the shell. To an adult size. He said

he could race faster with it. After junior high, he didn’t go to high
school. He went straight. Into the world of motorcycle racing.
And. All this time…”
Although the ICGP races that Rin’s older brother, Rinta, was
part of were old style with no AI control, the riders wore Neurolinkers for the bare-minimum AR display and communication
with the pit.
In which case. The machine Rin held in her hands—
“That Neurolinker…In the crash two years ago, your brother
was…?”
The girl moved her head slowly up and down at Haruyuki’s
hushed question.
“My brother’s team’s. Coach gave it to me at the circuit. Where
the accident was. He probably meant for it to be. A memorial. I
think. Rinta’s life was saved, but ever since, he’s. Been in a coma.
But it’s strange.” She cut herself off and smiled gently. “When
Master was explaining. The installation of the BB program. I took
off my own Neurolinker and tried putting this one on. The last
time I’d borrowed it from my brother was. Right before I went to
elementary school. A long time ago. Over eight years. I thought I
wouldn’t be able to activate it anymore. But the machine.
Worked.”
Haruyuki took a sharp breath. That meant that the girl before
him, Rin Kusakabe, used two Neurolinkers, something that
should not have been physically—or legally—possible.
Of course, as long as you weren’t a criminal or something misrepresenting yourself and up to no good, there wasn’t really any
point in using multiple Neurolinkers. But using the Neurolinker
she had used as a baby was probably an effective way to meet the
conditions for installation of Brain Burst.

Because both the first condition of having worn a Neurolinker
since infancy and the second condition of having long-term experience with full dives were, in the end, interrogating the affinity
and responsiveness between brain and machine. Since there were
individual differences in the Neurolinker quantum connection
devices, it was possible that the machine you first used after you
were born was the one your body—no, brain—was most familiar
with.
“So then…the Brain Burst program isn’t in this green one now,
but in your brother’s Neurolinker?” Haruyuki asked.
“Yes.” Rin bobbed her head up and down. “Since Master said
we could only try to install it once. I was a little hesitant. Before.
When I said it was strange. After I put on this Neurolinker. In the
middle of the virtual flames from the BB program. When I was
waiting for the indicator to advance. I heard. My brother’s voice.”
“Huh?”
“‘You race. Down your road.…I’m right behind you, pushing
you forward.’” Eyes full of transparent tears, Rin smiled the clearest smile she had since this strange conversation began. She gently opened the lock arms of the battered Neurolinker as she continued. “The installation. Succeeded. But. When I first went with
Master to the duel stage. And I saw my own avatar. Without
thinking. I laughed.”
She stopped, and the slightest of giggles actually slipped out of
her.
“Leather jacket, flashy helmet. The big, shiny American motorcycle. The machine my brother said he was going to. Ride for
himself when he. Was a champion in Europe. It was that very.
Machine. Telling me to. Go down my own path, and then. My
avatar’s exactly like. His own dream. He really. Has always…”
Large droplets on the verge of spilling out were caught by her

eyelashes, while Rin held the metallic-gray Neurolinker lovingly
to her chest.
Haruyuki smiled at this gesture. “Right. So then, you in the
Accelerated World—Ash Roller is like, um…maybe like role-playing? That tone, the style of fighting…you’re acting like you think
your brother would?”
Even still, the teary-eyed girl before him and the century-end
rider in the Accelerated World were simply too far apart, but
given the depths of her feelings toward her sleeping brother, he
got the feeling that he might just barely get it.
While he forced himself to digest the situation, Rin looked up
abruptly.
“It’s. Not. Weird, is it?” she said unexpectedly. “It’s. Cool,
right?”
“Huh?! Cool? You mean, Ash?”
Her bobbing head sent her short hair swinging and then kept
charging forward. Closing the distance between them, Rin spoke
in a quiet but passionate voice. “The skull helmet. The spiky
leather jacket. And the missiles on the bike are cute, too.”
The words were too startling coming from a girl raised quite
properly, clad in the uniform of a rich girls’ school, and although
Haruyuki bobbed his head up and down, his mouth stiffened up
slightly. And then Rin took a sharp breath, as if coming back to
herself, and dropped her head in embarrassed mode.
“I-I’m sorry. I. When it comes to the Accelerated World. I just
get carried away. In duels, too, actually, it’s. Like that. Maybe because I get too. Lost in it. Thirty minutes goes by in the blink of
an eye. Even when I come back to the real world, I don’t. Really
remember. The duels.”

“I—I get it.” Haruyuki kept nodding and quickly considered
the situation.
The sense he got from what Rin was saying now was that Ash
Roller was not a simple performance, but rather to make it
through the extreme and intense duels, a second self. So maybe
she half-unconsciously borrowed her brother’s personality or
something? When he got wound up in the Accelerated World,
Haruyuki himself sometimes switched from his normal way of
talking to something a little tougher, and his tone also got about
one and a half times wilder, so it made sense.
As he became lost in thought, Haruyuki felt a slight change in
the air, and lifted his eyes.

…To meet those of Rin fairly close up, after her earlier unprecedented push forward on the leather seat. The irises, still plenty
damp, were tinged with gray and made him feel a depth like he
was peeking into an ocean.
“But there is. Just one thing I remember. More clearly than
memories of the real world.” Rin’s voice was thin and halting, as
always, but it echoed as clearly as neurospeak through a direct
cable in the sealed car.
To get his once again rapidly rising pulse under control,
Haruyuki chanted to himself, She’s Ash Roller, she’s Ash Roller.
But…
The girl who was supposedly the insides of that century-end
rider brought her face another centimeter closer and whispered
in a weak and yet heated tone, “That’s. You. The first time we
fought. We both won once, lost once. Ever since that day. The way
you look, your voice. They’ve never. Disappeared from inside
me.”
“…K-Kusakabe…” His thoughts, which had started to cool
down, shot up again into the red zone, and Haruyuki opened and
closed his eyes intently at top speed. Each time his eyelids cut
across his field of view like a shutter, he felt like Rin’s damp eyes
had gotten still closer.
“No other. Burst Linker even noticed it, but you. Figured out
the structural features. Of an internal combustion engine motorcycle and defeated. Me. My brother always. Used to say, ‘Front
wheel spinning? That’s no motorcycle.’ He was probably annoyed. At losing to you. Lower level and still a newbie on top of
that. But I think. In his. Heart, he was also glad.”
The distance between their faces was already down to twenty
centimeters, and Haruyuki’s brain, running at only 10 percent of

capacity, couldn’t see the strangeness of what Rin was saying.
And almost as if she was also not really aware of what she was
saying—or doing, she continued to sidle up to him.
“But. The thing that’s most. Clearly carved into my mind is…
you with your wings spread, flying in the sky. Faster than. Anyone. Piercing the wall of air. Almost like. Almost like my brother
then. When he would race through full throttle on the circuit’s.
Homestretch…”
And here, the large droplets that had been held back by her
eyelashes through some curious equilibrium until that point
spilled out onto her cheeks. The tears dripped down from her
sharp, boyish jaw, and fell onto Haruyuki’s T-shirt.
“I. Liked watching you flying in the sky of the Accelerated
World. I liked. Dueling with you, racing along at full speed on the
ground. To chase you up in the air. The way you look. Like the
materialization of the word speed itself.” Her voice shook, trembled, and stopped.
She lowered her eyes, and several tears that had formed anew
spilled out. She took a deep breath and held it for a few seconds
before suddenly continuing in a voice colored with grief. “But.
But I. The foolish thing. I did. Without thinking of the consequences. I pushed you into. A dangerous situation.”
Huh? What’s she talking about? After a moment of confusion,
Haruyuki finally remembered the predicament he was in.
Spurred on by anger, he had summoned the Armor of Catastrophe, and completely fused with it to become the sixth Chrome
Disaster. And on top of that, to protect his Legion, he would have
to draw the curtain on his life as a Burst Linker himself. The reason he had ended up in this situation was indeed as Rin said—the
fact that he had seen the scene of Ash Roller’s death in the Unlimited Neutral Field.

And he had to say that the reason Ash had ended up back
against the wall, repeatedly hunted by Olive Grab and the other
five ISS kit wearers, was because he (or she) had ignored the instructions of his Master, Sky Raker, dove into the Unlimited Neutral Field earlier than the meeting time, and then traveled a dangerously long distance inside by himself. But he had done so because he was trying to save Bush Utan, who was like his younger
brother. To help Utan—who, like Olive and the others, was parasitized by an ISS kit, but unlike them, was trying to break free of
its control of his own will—Ash had moved under his own judgement. He’d had no choice. Who exactly could fault him for acting…
“Oh. Th-that reminds me.” Having gotten this far, Haruyuki finally reached the question he should have asked much earlier.
“D-did you and Bush Utan make it out through a portal okay…?”
“Yes.” Rin leaned forward, perilously close to him. “Just as you
instructed. As soon as we regenerated. We ran together, to
Shibuya Station.”
“Y-you did?” Haruyuki let out a sigh of relief. “Good. That’s
great.”
At that moment, Rin’s hanging head shook and tilted and
bumped into the chest of his T-shirt.
Helplessly, Haruyuki froze completely, and a small hand
pressed gently, but with sure power against his back. On the surface, it appeared that the two of them were alone in a car hugging,
and in this situation, the chant “this girl is Ash” lost its efficacy.
His internal brain clock dropped to the bare minimum, and yet
his heart pounded out a beat at top speed…It was a contradiction
with the mental clock acceleration of Brain Burst, wasn’t it?—
With the vestiges of mental ability left to him, Haruyuki considered ideas that bore no relevance to the current situation.
Then, through the body pressed up against him, he heard an al-

most vanishing voice.
“I. Saw it. To save me and Utan, you. Summoned that terrifying Enhanced Armament. That’s the Armor of Catastrophe, right?
If only I hadn’t. Gotten in the way, it was supposed to be. Purified
today.”
Unable to answer yes or no, he simply opened and closed his
mouth. Rin’s hair so close to his respiratory organs was shining
finely, the faint smell of flowers drifting up from it. As he took in
the sweet scent, Haruyuki was aware of a strange sensation
rapidly surging up from the depths of his heart. It resembled
panic or anxiety, but it was a little different. A sad throbbing, like
being stabbed with a soft needle.
“Me being saved. Just me. And you not. Being able to fly in the
Accelerated World. It’s wrong.”
Without being aware of it, Haruyuki had been on the verge of
trying to take some kind of action when Rin started speaking
again, and his hands froze in midair, dangerously close.
“I mean. The reason I’ve been. Able to keep fighting in the
beautiful and cruel world. Is because you were there. Because I
wanted to. See you flying in the sunset of the Twilight stage. In
the Century End stage, reflecting the bonfires. In the bus on my
way to school. Back home. I would think about whether I’d challenge you. Or you’d maybe challenge me. I. Looked forward to it.”
Here, the thin, passionate voice cut off, and Rin lifted her face.
She looked straight at Haruyuki, tears dripping from her eyes,
and the girl who was the Ash Roller—the roaring, racing centuryend rider, Haruyuki’s hya-ha-ha-ha, mega-lucky eternal rival—
released a single sentence from her cherry-colored lips.
“I like you.”

Instantly, all activity in his body shut down—at least subjectively
—and the abdominal and spinal muscles that had supported Rin’s
meager weight until that point went limp.
Thud! They fell onto the seat with Haruyuki on the bottom.
The five-door hatchback by the famed Italian manufacturer was
plenty spacious in the rear, but of course, Haruyuki bumped his
head on the inside of the door. But this impact might well never
have happened. Because the sensation of contact along the front
of his body and the destructive power of the words just uttered
had begun to peel his soul from his physical body.
“B-but…” Although it was completely turned inside out and totally hoarse, the fact that he somehow managed to produce a
voice in response was essentially a miracle. “But in the real, I’m
like this.”
Haruyuki at that moment didn’t even have the extra brainpower to think he was pathetic, spitting something like that out at
this stage of the game.
But not only did Rin not pull away from him, she pressed her
body closer as she whispered in a teary voice, “I. Actually found
out your. Real a little while ago.”
“What…H-how?”
“It’s just. After our duel on Kannana Street, you were standing
forever. In the position where your avatar appeared. On the
pedestrian bridge. I passed under you. On the bus.”
To this, he had no immediate reply. If you were going to duel
in open, public spaces, then the most basic of baby steps was to
move once you were done. But for Haruyuki, when the duel was
too superheated, a famed contest, he had the bad habit of spacing
out and replaying the fight in his mind after he burst out. Apparently, he had somehow been perfectly picked out there by Rin,
through the window of the bus.

“But—then, now— If you knew my real, why…someone like
me?”
“I mean. You have. Wings. Not just your duel avatar. You in
the real world, too. You do. I can see. Those wings so clearly.”
Rin’s hand, still wrapped around Haruyuki, slowly stroked the
center of his back.
A sensation that was hard to put into words shot through him
from the tips of his toes to the crown of his head, causing him to
hold his breath.
A bewitching smile rose up on Rin’s face as tears continued to
drip from her eyes onto his neck. “Ever since that day,” she said,
“I. Decided. If…if I ever got to meet you in the real, I would make
sure. To tell you. That I like you. That I’ve always liked you. Ever
since you were in level one. I’m glad. I got to tell you. I’m glad. In
the end, we got to be. Like this, alone together.”
“Huh? I-in the end?” Haruyuki asked, dumbfounded.
This girl, Rin Kusakabe, who he had basically never met before, sighed heavily before making both her face and voice resolute. “The Armor of Catastrophe you summoned. I’ll get rid of
it,” she announced. “With my body. With my heart. I’ll get rid of
it.”
“That…What does that mean?”
“I’ll take. All of your anger and hatred. It’s okay. As long as it’s
you. I’m not scared, no matter what’s done to me.”
Rin pulled her hand away from Haruyuki’s back and slipped
the pastel-green Neurolinker off her neck. Without a moment’s
delay, her other hand was putting on the metallic-gray Neurolinker—originally her older brother’s—she had been holding all
that time.

No sooner had the arm lock gently taken hold of Rin’s slender
neck than her empty right hand flashed. One end of the slim XSB
cable she’d likely pulled out of her bag went into her own Neurolinker. The other went into Haruyuki’s.
She didn’t give him the time to say anything. The crimson
wired connection warning floated up in his view, and the moment
it disappeared, Rin murmured a brief command, her lips so close
they were practically touching his.
“Burst Link.”
All the chaos and confusion, and the bittersweet throbbing he
couldn’t put a name to, were swept away in the sharp skreeee of
his thoughts accelerating.

5
HERE COMES A NEW CHALLENGER!!
The flaming text sprang to life in front of his eyes and then disappeared, bringing virtual darkness, and Haruyuki had a strong
hunch about what stage would appear before him. Eventually, the
soles of his metallic avatar’s feet touched the hard earth. He
waited until the sensation of descending had stopped before gently picking himself up.
He had, of course, not moved from the expansive underground
parking area on B2 of his own condo building. But the real
world’s multicolored rows of neatly arranged EVs were crushed,
burned, rusted, decaying. Even the yellow compact car that had
been Fuko’s baby, enshrined to his left, was a miserable sight, the
hood peeled away, small flames flickering in the exposed engine
compartment.
The duel had only just started, so it wasn’t as if someone had
destroyed them. Looking down, he saw that the concrete at his
feet was also covered in hairline cracks, and around him, the
thick pillars and walls were crumbling, exposing the rebar. If he
went outside, the building itself would probably also be half-destroyed, and he wouldn’t be able to get back inside. This image of
“destruction completed” was the true nature of the Century End
stage Haruyuki had sensed was coming.
And then…
Across from him in the gloom, some twenty meters away, he
heard a throaty mechanical roar. This was immediately followed
by the irregular rumble characteristic of a V-twin engine idling. A

round headlight flicked on, and a warm, yellowish light illuminated his avatar.
Reflexively looking down at his own limbs, Haruyuki found
there the smooth, slender armor of Silver Crow and let out a
small sigh of relief. The Enhanced Armament Disaster wasn’t the
type that was constantly equipped, so it wouldn’t appear unless
he used a voice command to call it. Or it shouldn’t, anyway…
“Ngh!” But in the next instant, Haruyuki was made painfully
aware of the naïveté of his own outlook.
Silver Crow was not entirely as he had been. Normally, the ten
fingers on his hands were so slender as to be ill-suited to fistfighting, but they were now talons with tips tapering like knives. He
had three talons on each of his feet as well, and these dug deep
into the concrete. When he hurriedly touched his head with one
hand, he felt the original round form of his helmet, but protrusions like the vestiges of a visor stuck up from his temples.
So the Armor had indeed already stepped out from the realm
of simple Enhanced Armament and was trying to fuse with his
duel avatar itself. If Haruyuki’s emotions or actions provided any
trigger, it would explode and, in the blink of an eye, he would
transform into a rampaging destroyer.
The instant he realized this and his body began trembling, he
heard it growl, quietly but ferociously, somewhere deep in his
back. Was it beginning to wake up from its brief sleep, sensing
battle and slaughter?
Hey, Beast, he addressed the monster earnestly. Just sit still
and be good for this one fight at least!
Once he had finished confirming to some degree who and
what he was at that moment, Haruyuki started talking to the
headlight in front of him. “Um, Ash?”

The silhouette of the rider that popped up beyond the intense
beam of light stayed silent, seeming to simply stare at Haruyuki.
The burning remains of cars around them occasionally lit the
skull-patterned helmet shield with an orange light.
I can’t believe…it’s actually a girl under that skull. And I can’t
believe…she told me that she likes me.
In the fourteen years or so that Haruyuki had been alive, this
was the second time a member of the opposite sex had seriously
confessed feelings for him. The first had, of course, been his Legion Master and swordmaster, his parent, Kuroyukihime. As
she’d moved to protect him from an out-of-control car charging
toward them, she had said it: “Haruyuki. I like you.”
At the time—no, still, even now, he couldn’t completely banish
the question of why someone like Kuroyukihime would pick
someone like him. Of course, he was so happy when she said that,
he practically floated off up to heaven, and he naturally also really
liked her. But in his heart, he could see that his own feelings were
something akin to worship or respect and admiration. But because he had been in so-called self-restraint mode—right now he
was still a short, pudgy, cowardly crybaby, but if he someday became a person worthy of her, then he would definitely tell her—
Haruyuki himself had actually never told Kuroyukihime how he
felt.
And then a few minutes earlier, in the cramped, closed space
of the car, for the second time in his life, a girl had told Haruyuki
she liked him. Rin Kusakabe had said, in her real voice, allowing
no suspicion of any electronic fraud, and without the slightest reserve, “I like you.”
Not only did he not have any idea how to react, he wasn’t even
clear on how he should take that. He just knew that transforming
from his real body into his avatar through the sudden direct duel
had succeeded in cooling his head, albeit slightly.

Inside Ash Roller was a girl named Rin. And this Rin had sincerely confessed her crush on him.
He would set these two points aside for the time being. At that
moment, what he needed to be thinking about, first and foremost,
were Rin’s last words. She said she would erase the Armor of Catastrophe with her body. But as far as Haruyuki knew, Ash Roller
didn’t have any kind of purification-type ability. So did that mean
that, just as the sentence that followed—“I’ll take. All of your
anger and hatred.”—indicated, she was planning to suppress the
destroyer Chrome Disaster by giving her own self to the Armor as
an offering? Maybe she was hoping to take responsibility in this
form for creating the trigger for Disaster’s return.
“Ash—I mean, Rin.” Because they were in a direct duel field
where there was no Gallery, Haruyuki dared to utter his opponent’s real name. “I’m really happy you want to help me. But you
don’t have to feel responsible for the Armor of Catastrophe. This
armor—this Beast—has been inside me for a long time, for a few
months now. I just got carried away by my emotions and summoned it.” He glanced down at the sinister tapering talons of his
right hand and went to continue speaking, but he was cut off by
the heavy yet calm roar of the engine.
Vrrrr! The internal combustion engine shuddered, and the
output it generated slowly rotated the fat rear tire. From the
darkness ahead of him, the massive American motorcycle revealed itself. The slender rider, a knight on an iron horse,
leisurely placed both hands on the handlebars, the skull face
hanging so deeply Haruyuki couldn’t see the expression on it.
“Rin…” Haruyuki tried to call out to her once more.
In that instant, the black leather gloves clutched the handlebars tightly. While the right hand twisted the throttle, the left
dropped the clutch. The engine roared, an explosive howl, and
the rear tire spun furiously, sending up plumes of white smoke.

“R-Rin?” Dumbfounded, Haruyuki called her name for the
third time. But he didn’t have the time to say anything more.
From the startlingly close distance of ten meters, the massive
American motorcycle charged forward, front wheel lifting
slightly.
To his left, Fuko’s car. On his right, an enormous SUV. With
nowhere to run, Haruyuki stood rooted to the spot. And wham!
Mercilessly, the bike knocked him down—more precisely, sent
him flying.
Not knowing which way was even up anymore and still without the mental reserves to remember to take up a passive posture,
he hit the ground on his back several meters to the rear. Crash!
Sparks shooting up as he bounced, Haruyuki saw the gray tire
closing in on him once more.
Wham! Crash!
Wham! Crash!
The combination of the sound of collision and the sound of his
fall echoed another two times in the vast underground parking
area. The third time, instead of landing on his butt, Haruyuki
sprawled out on his back, arms and legs splayed, head spinning
from the physical impact and the mental shock.
When the silhouette appeared looming above him in the sky,
he cried out, “Wh-whoa!”
But then the enormous, descending rubber ring—the front
wheel of the motorcycle—slammed into his stomach. Pressed
down by the machine’s overwhelming weight, he couldn’t actually
move, although he could flail his arms and legs frantically.
Thanks to the three direct hits and the current crushing,
Haruyuki’s health gauge had already decreased nearly 40 percent.

She says she’s always liked me and then she treats me like
this?! Or does she take after Master and this is some kind of violent expression of love?! These thoughts raced through
Haruyuki’s mind a little late in the game, while a meter and a half
or so above him…
The skull-faced rider straddled the seat of the American bike,
arms crossed, and spoke in a hoarse voice that both did and did
not sound like the real-world Rin Kusakabe.
“You scrawny little craaaow…You dare lay a hand on my baby siiiiiiis!”
“Wh-whaaaaaaaaa—?!” Haruyuki shouted.
As if he could sit there and not shout it.
The real-world person moving the duel avatar that leaned over
with the machine, flames of fury burning brightly in the eye sockets of the skull face, was supposed to be the sister, not the
brother. Hadn’t Rin said that? That her brother, the young ICGP
rider Rinta Kusakabe, had been in a coma in a hospital bed ever
since a crash two years earlier?
In which case, naturally, it was impossible for him to dive into
the Accelerated World as a Burst Linker. And to start with, it was
definitely the sister, Rin Kusakabe, who had directed and accelerated with him after falling on top of him in the backseat. Of
course, he hadn’t actually confirmed through whatever means
that she was really the junior high school girl he saw before him—
and it wasn’t as though Rin herself had declared that she was a
girl—but still, in this situation, it was just too absurd that Ash
Roller would be denouncing him for “laying a hand on his baby
sis!”
“Uh, uh, y-y-you’re Rin…right?” Haruyuki asked with a groan,
enduring the weight of the front wheel as it made the Armor on

his chest squeal and creak.
To which the century-end rider’s response was, “‘You’re Riiiiin’? Damn, man. Who said you could go calling my baby sis by
her first name?! Way too soon for second names—nah, third
names! Daaaaaamn!”
The opposite of “first name” is “last name.”
This was normally where he’d toss off a retort like that, but
this was definitely not the time for that. The anger he saw in the
rider far surpassed the domain of role-play. Somehow, the personality inside Ash Roller was clearly not the sister, Rin, but the
brother, Rinta. So Haruyuki figured he should assume that all the
fights in the Accelerated World, the cursing, and at times, the
talking had all been with the older brother.
So then that meant…this was a so-called split personality?
When the girl Rin Kusakabe dove into the Accelerated World, she
switched over to a second personality produced from memories—
recollections connected with her brother?
While these thoughts developed in his mind at super-high
speed, his health gauge was squeaking down to the halfway mark
from the large load damage and finally turned yellow. Instantly,
Haruyuki heard, in the center of his back, it howling once more
with displeasure. Uh-oh. If this kept up, the Beast he had managed to put to sleep for a while after rampaging against Iron
Pound and Green Grandé in the Unlimited Neutral Field would
wake up. Before the duel, Rin had stated her intention to appease
the Armor of Catastrophe by putting her own self forward, but he
couldn’t actually let her do that. First, he needed to escape this
crushed state and get into a situation where he could at least talk
with Ash.
“Uh, uh, uuuuuuuh, Ash—No, big brother!!” Haruyuki called
out almost in a trance, as he struggled to try to lift the massive
tire with both hands. “Th-th-th-th-that, Rin—I mean, your sister!

Um, uhhh…”
If the personality of the girl existed inside the century-end
rider above his head, then maybe he could call her out and get her
to take over somehow. The moment this plan cut through the
jumbled circuits of his mind, a strange conversion process was
executed, and:
“P-p-p-p-p-p-please let me marry your sister!!” The cry jetted
from Haruyuki’s mouth.
Ash Roller’s eyes flashed red. No, they burned. “What. Did.
You. Say?”
“Ah! N-no, um, it’s, what I’m trying to say—”
“Shuuuut iiiiit! Shaddaaaaaaaap!!” At the same time as Ash’s
words rang out, sounding like a battle cry, he uncrossed his arms
and clamped his hands down on the handlebars. He revved the Vtwin engine and the fierce sound of the exhaust echoed in the
parking garage.
“You! Made! The rage radiator of my mighty self overheat
right into the red!!”
From the mouth area of the skull helmet, white steam jetted
up with a sizzling sound. Or at least that’s what it felt like to
Haruyuki.
Flames stretched out from the dual exhaust, and the front
wheel pinning Haruyuki down reared up high. If he took another
direct hit from it, his health gauge would drop into the danger
zone. Not letting this chance slip by, Haruyuki shook both arms
and legs, but the backside of his avatar had been embedded ten
centimeters into the concrete floor, and he couldn’t pull free.
“Ah! Ah! Wait! Stop! Just a moment!!” The last bit in English.
Although there was no reason his panicked cry would reach the

older brother in the throes of rage at this stage, no matter the language.
The fat tire descending with a roar was on the verge of smashing Haruyuki’s helmet to pieces when it suddenly changed trajectories and crashed into the hood of the German luxury car parked
immediately to the right. The rusting panel was crushed flat, and
a brilliant pillar of flames rose up from inside. It quickly went
out, but the flickering embers reflected in the chrome plating of
the car reflected Ash’s body, as he snarled in a slightly subdued
tone, “You know I’m all two-mountain here. I wanna do this with
ya.”
After thinking a second, Haruyuki nodded to himself as he got
it. Oh, two mountains—“yama-yama.” A direct translation into
English of “very into it.”
“Damned crow. I s’rsly owe you now for back there in the Unlimited Neutral Field. So I’mma let you off here. But but! You
come near my sis, and next time, I’ll make roast crow—naw, chop
you up and make a stew outta you! Comprenez-vous?!”
“I—I—I—I—I understand! Yes, sir!” Reflexively reaching for
politeness, Haruyuki pulled himself out of the him-shaped indent
in the floor before finally taking a breath. He stared hard at the
skull mask of Ash Roller, who was returning the bike wheel to the
ground.
After a moment of indecision, Haruyuki felt like he had to ask,
at the very least. Thus, still sitting on the floor, he took a deep
breath and opened his mouth.
“So then…Um, Ash. Just…who are you, anyway?”
Haruyuki and Ash Roller lowered themselves side by side onto
the hood of a desperate-looking, huge American-made sedan enshrined a little ways off. The timer in the top of his field of view
was already down six hundred seconds—ten minutes. The fifteen

minutes until the unlocking of the emergency lock he had set
after flying out of the house in the real world was very nearly up.
If he was going to put some distance between him and his Legion
members, and settle things with the Armor of Catastrophe on his
own, he needed to run out of the underground parking lot right
then and there, and head off to the condo grounds.
But Haruyuki had no intention of leaving the duel field until
the mysteries contained in this Burst Linker Ash Roller were revealed. He couldn’t say this wasn’t partly out of simple curiosity,
but that wasn’t the whole story. After his “greatest rival,” the one
he had dueled and won and lost against countless times in these
eight months since he had stepped into the ring of the Accelerated World, was revealed on this other side in the real, he felt he
had an obligation to try to understand the situation as best he
could.
Fortunately, the Beast was still lightly dozing, leaving
Haruyuki’s body to himself. As long as he didn’t fight any more
than he already had, it wouldn’t wake during this duel. As he set
himself down on the left side of the wide hood, swinging his legs a
little, Haruyuki very patiently waited for Ash to speak.
Finally.
“So like, this is just Master Raker’s guess, ’kay?” The slightly
abrupt nature of the words shook the gloom of the Century End
stage. “Like, maybe the memories us Burst Linkers have of fighting and talking like this in the Accelerated World, like, none of
’em are stored in our actual brains.”
“H-huh?! If our memories aren’t saved in our brains, then
where exactly do they…?!” Baffled, Haruyuki shouted out this
much before clamping his mouth shut. He opened it again and
ever-so-timidly gave voice to his thoughts. “Is it…in the Neurolinker…maybe?”
“Yup. ’Course, not the lock, stock, barrel, everything. Just, like,

a part like the key, something you need to replay the whole pile of
memories, that’s not in your brain but in your Neurolinker. Or
that’s what Master’s thinking, anyway.”
Haruyuki took a moment to digest what Ash was saying, and
then immediately shook his head back and forth. “B-but that
doesn’t make sense. I mean, then we wouldn’t remember anything about the Accelerated World when we took our Neurolinkers off.”
“Take our Neurolinkers off? But, Crow, where does it come
off?”
“Y-your neck, of course.”
“Ding, ding! Your neck. Not your head, not your brain. Those
little machines, they’re wirelessly connected to our brains.” Ash
Roller stopped and tapped on the crown of his own head, the top
of his helmet, with leather-gloved fingers. “Totally true, it won’t
start or signal or anything unless you got it strapped to your neck,
right? But, like, that’s ’cos it measures distance from your brain
or your spine and locks up. You know something? I didn’t know
until Master came and told me. But before the Neurolinkers went
on sale, this big experimental machine, Soul—something or
other…But that thing could connect to a brain ten meters away.”
“T-t-ten meters?!” Stunned once more, Haruyuki flapped his
mouth beneath his silver mask.
If that were true—and if that capacity existed in the current
Neurolinkers, there was no need to equip the machine neatly at
the medulla oblongata. Couldn’t you just put it on your arm or
your chest or even just in a pocket or bag, somewhere easy to
carry around, take it on and off?
I mean, for someone sweaty like me, it’s so hot in the summer,
I hate it. I keep putting all those inner pads in the mesh, but they
just get soaked, and when I was in elementary, they used to call

me “Ari-duh the Sweat Cloth” and tease me so hard…
“N-no, not just that.” Kicking the sad memories out of his
brain, Haruyuki earnestly set his thoughts back on track. “Umm.
So, so, then that means— Is this what you’re saying, Ash? Even
when we take our Neurolinkers off our necks, they’re secretly
communicating with our brains, and so we can replay our memories of the Accelerated World? Is that it?”
“That’s Master’s theory, at least. But, like…There’s no other
real way to explain why I’m here like this as me right now, y’
know.”
Haruyuki swallowed hard and timidly confirmed in a hoarse
voice. “So then…you really aren’t Ri—I mean, Rin Kusakabe’s
older brother, the former ICGP rider, Rinta Kusakabe…are you?”
The answer took at least a full ten seconds to come back to
him.
“Dunno.” Ash Roller stared down at the leather gloves on his
hands, studded with dull silver rivets, finally opening and closing
them, backs turned up, as if testing out how they felt. “Like they
say, ‘I got no clue.’”
This was a slightly unexpected reply. Because hadn’t he definitely referred to Rin as his little sister before? Haruyuki’s doubtful eyes upon him, the rider connected his words in faltering
groups.
“At least…I got no memory of being a charmed, cursed GP
rider in the real world. Actually, I have zero memories of anything
before I became a Burst Linker. My very first memory is…watching this duel avatar fight awkwardly.”
“Huh? W-watching? From the outside?”
“Yup. In that first duel, the one making this thing move was

definitely my baby sis, that kid Rin. And then I watched her from
close up. Not the Gallery, man. Whaddayacallit, like a guardian
spirit? I was right up close, all see-through, kinda floaty.”
Unconsciously, Haruyuki froze with a start. As he glanced at
Ash Roller’s skull face, the sort of thing that would make a kid cry
if they saw it, a hoarse voice slipped out of him. “A—a ghost?”
“N-no way, man! I’m no legless ghost! I got two long and hella
cool legs, don’t I! I mean, if I didn’t have no legs, I couldn’t brake
or shift or nothing!!” The heels of the black riding boots kicked at
the front bumper of the American car that doubled as their
bench, and the rusted license plate peeled off and fell to the floor
before shattering into polygonal pieces and disappearing. “A-anyway. In the first duel, I was just floating there, thinking, what the
hell’s this kid Rin fumbling around like that for? That was the
very first thought of me sitting here talking with you now. I
watched her control the bike, just awkward as hell, and, y’know, I
could hardly stand it. I came up and got on behind her, like, I was
gonna tell her, this is how you ride a bike, man. But then before I
knew it…”
“You became one?” Haruyuki asked timidly, and Ash shook his
helmet slowly.
“I…Honestly, I don’t actually get what exactly I am, man. All I
know’s the one who made this duel avatar is my ‘little sis’ Rin
Kusakabe. So that prob’ly means I’m Rin’s ‘big bro,’ yeah? But
like, what the hell is his deal, y’ know? Is Rinta Kusakabe, sleeping in a hospital somewhere all this time, connected to her Neurolinker super-long-distance, talking to you like this? Or am I,
like, a virtual personality the kid Rin made up to fight in this
world? I think about it all the damned time, and I get nowhere…”
A small sigh.
Swinging tough boots back and forth like a little kid, the mysterious rider continued his monologue. “If the virtual personality
thing’s right, then, like, that means this person I am doesn’t really

exist. But, like, Crow. I think that way’s seriously better, y’know?”
“Huh? Th-that’s—I mean, if that’s—then, at some point…” The
Ash Roller of this moment might disappear.
Haruyuki swallowed the words in his mouth, but Ash seemed
to have heard them loud and clear.
“That works,” he said, almost whispering as he nodded
slightly. “I mean, look, if I am the real Rinta Kusakabe…then, like,
that means that even though my dream of being a champion rider
burned up and vanished in an accident, I can’t give up on those
tires—the ashes, they gotta roll, so I’m, like, using my baby sis
Rin’s mind—nah, man, her soul, right? Like, age-wise, I totally
ain’t qualified to be a Burst Linker, but here I am taking my sis
over, wheeling around all super caz on my bike in the Accelerated
World, yeah? And that’s craptown, man. Like, she…she should
have her own road to race down, y’know.”
Ash started to bring a tightly clenched fist down forcefully
onto his own knees. But Haruyuki reflexively caught his wrist
with his right hand.
“No. That’s not it, Ash.” He shook his silver helmet from side
to side several times. “It’s not like…we’re fighting here in the Accelerated World to make up for things we lost or dreams we gave
up on in the real world. We’re doing it to face our own scars and
weaknesses, and accept them so we can move forward again.
That’s what we’re here for. Regardless of whether or not you’re
the real Rinta Kusakabe, you exist right here, right now! You
exist, and you’ve had hundreds of duels with me and other Burst
Linkers! That alone…Those memories at least can’t be fantasies
or illusions!”
Although he was the one talking, Haruyuki wasn’t too sure of
the point he was trying to make.
Maybe this Burst Linker Ash Roller was a sort of miracle pro-

duced by the combination of Rin Kusakabe, a girl who adored her
comatose older brother, and the Neurolinker that the older
brother Rinta had used. In which case, because of the inherent instability of the miracle, he might at some point stop being the him
he was now.
But…be that as it may, that didn’t change the fact that his opponent in his first fight, his first loss, his first win as Silver Crow,
was Ash Roller. That at least was absolute.
Not knowing how to further put into words the things filling
his heart, Haruyuki simply held tightly on to Ash’s wrist.
The motorcycle rider didn’t pull his arm back or push him
away, but just silently stared at the hand of Silver Crow holding
his own wrist. The hand that no longer had the slender, weak fingers of the past, but evil talons instead.
“I…Before, in the Unlimited Neutral Field, I was ready for
total point loss.” Abruptly, a quiet voice. “The attack power of
Olive Grab and those other five guys was overwhelming. I mean,
even if I’d been up against Olive alone, I prob’ly wouldn’t have
had a chance. I was trying to at least let Utan get away somehow,
but I couldn’t do that, either. And I was thinking, Are we both
gonna disappear from the Accelerated World here?”
“But, like, it’s one thing for me to disappear, when I don’t even
know, like, whether I existed to begin with. But when I thought
about U finally waking up, and even Rin, who’s somewhere in this
avatar disappearing, I just hated it, y’know. But, like, then you
came along. Even though you had to know that if you summoned
the Armor of Catastrophe, who knew what’d happen to you…Still,
you called that armor and rescued me and U with that power.
That time, man…It was like, however it happened, me getting to
be a Burst Linker, getting to fight in this world, I was lucky,
yeah…”
The century-end rider had never once before dropped his wild

and easy attitude before, and seeing him faltering however
slightly here, Haruyuki felt a sharp pang in his heart again.
Ash swiped his right hand across the nose area of his skull
mask, seemingly embarrassed, and his tone was back to normal
as he continued, “That kid U, he said the same thing before we
left through the portal. Said to say thanks to Silver Crow.
And…‘Sorry, ya get me?’ Looks like he finally gets it, too. That,
like, strength isn’t something someone can give you, yeah?”
“That’s true. Strength only comes from the process…losing
over and over, forced to crawl, but never giving up and always
looking up at the sky…the proof of strength,” Haruyuki murmured, as if sucked in.
Then Ash Roller twisted around the hand held captive by Silver Crow to catch hold of Crow’s wrist. Unwilling to have his own
hand stared at now that it was transformed into those talons,
Haruyuki reflexively tried to shake it off. But the black leather
glove held fast, not budging an inch. Ash Roller stared at
Haruyuki with serious eyes from behind the skull shield.
“Right. Master taught me that, too. But, like, Crow, I could say
the same thing to you right now, man.”
“Huh? Me, right now?”
“Yeah. You’re thinking you can’t cut the Armor of Catastrophe
from your duel avatar anymore, man. Just charging in to finish
things off by finishing yourself off with it. Yeah?”
Ash’s words were so on the mark that all Haruyuki could do
was nod slightly. Even while they were here like this, his spine
tingled with the premonition that the Beast would wake up from
its light sleep and try to run wild. If he awoke as the Disaster,
Haruyuki might furiously attack Ash Roller. The only reason he
was able to hold it in check and keep that from happening was because this was not the Unlimited Neutral Field, the Beast’s true

hunting ground. And because there was no desire to fight in
Haruyuki’s heart.
However, this precarious equilibrium could break down at any
moment. If, hypothetically, Ash Roller launched just one serious
punch filled with real enmity, Haruyuki—no, the Beast—would
likely react. And each time he became the Disaster, the fusion
grew deeper. He didn’t know where the point of no return was,
but he had seen the example of the former Disaster, Cherry Rook;
he knew it wouldn’t be too long before the Armor started to interfere mentally with Haruyuki Arita in the real world.
Which was exactly why Haruyuki had locked the door of his
house and run off by himself. If the real Ash Roller, Rin Kusakabe, hadn’t caught him in the middle of the shopping mall, he
would be flying into the Unlimited Neutral Field from some dive
café somewhere right about now.
Perhaps picked up on Haruyuki’s thoughts, Ash hung his head
for a moment. But he soon lifted his face again. “Crow,” he uttered in a quiet, but firm voice. “It’s not like I don’t get you thinking like that. But, like…It’s more like this? Like, turning into
Chrome Disaster is one part of the process, man. I mean, the
Armor lives in you, sure, but I can’t help thinking that it’s only
part of the process, right? ’Cos you can break this curse going on
forever in the Accelerated World. So, like, that’s why you were
chosen. You could think of it like that.”
The instant he heard these words, deep in his ears, someone’s
voice came to fleeting life from off in the distance.
It’s all right. I know you can do it, you of all people. You’re
the one I’ve been waiting for all this time…
But Haruyuki closed his eyes beneath his silver mask and tried
to wipe the voice from his memory. It was a baseless hunch, but
he felt like the girl who had once spoken those words to Haruyuki
didn’t appear when the Beast was excited. Which meant that un-

less the Armor of Catastrophe could be returned to its seed state,
he wouldn’t see her again. And that was probably already impossible.
I betrayed her expectations, too.
Chewing on this bitter awareness, Haruyuki murmured, “It’s
too bad, but…I don’t think I’m the one who can break the curse of
the Catastrophe. I…When I saw you and Utan being attacked by
Olive Grab and them, I felt this intense rage at your attackers,
more than any desire to go help you. And, filled with that rage, I
summoned the Armor. I moved on without waiting for you guys
to regenerate because I probably would’ve attacked you if I had
stayed there. Being able to talk with you normally like this is
probably a one-in-a-million miracle.”
Even after Haruyuki closed his mouth, Ash Roller showed no
reaction for a while. After nearly ten seconds, he released Silver
Crow’s wrist and brought the leather gloves of both hands together between his knees.
“Just like how my sis—how Rin doesn’t have any clear memories of the Accelerated World, I only have this hazy idea of what
the real her’s doing or thinking in the real world.” The words
spilled out from the mouth of the downcast helmet.
Haruyuki couldn’t even begin to guess at what logic allowed
the two minds of Rin and Rinta to coexist, so he stayed silent and
opened his ears to that voice.
“So, like, I don’t actually know what Rin was thinking—what
she wanted, challenging you to a direct duel. And she prob’ly
didn’t expect this, either. I mean, she shouts the acceleration
command, and the instant she lands in the duel field, control of
the avatar shifts to this personality—to me. So basically, there’s
only one thing I can do right now.” Ash Roller cut himself off here
and turned his entire body toward Haruyuki, on the hood of the
car.

With his right hand, he slowly raised the skull-patterned helmet shield. The “bare face” of the duel avatar that appeared from
within had narrowish, pale-green eyes and a design somehow
reminiscent of a delicate boy. With that face before him again,
Haruyuki could indeed see a faint resemblance to the real-world
Rin Kusakabe.
Haruyuki’s eyes shouldn’t have been visible from that side, but
Ash stared into them with his own unmasked eyes, and then lowered his head deeply. “C’mon, you damned Crow,” he said quietly.
“Silver Crow. Don’t go vanishing from the Accelerated World.
You’re…hope. For Master Raker, who entrusted you with her
dream of flying in the sky, and the members of Nega Nebulus, restored and growing stronger bit by bit, of course…but also for the
hundreds of Burst Linkers who’ve dueled you up to now. Win or
lose, they looked up at you flying forever like a bird in the sky of
the stage.”
“Hope,” Haruyuki repeated in a voice that was not quite a
voice.
“Yeah, hope.” Ash nodded, head still lowered. “Still, I mean,
it’s not like we’re putting all this…whatever, expectations, on you
—like, you’ll prob’ly get to level nine, you’ll beat a king or whatever. Your wings are a unique power in the Accelerated World,
but, like, no one thinks it’s some cheat, or a fake-out or whatever
bending the rules of ‘same level, same potential.’ You…I dunno…”
His hoarse voice paused for a moment, before quickly continuing again. “We’re the same, you know. We started at level one, not
knowing left from right, gradually getting stronger, sometimes on
the verge of total point loss, sometimes getting crushed…And
then when we’re totally kicked down and we sit down on the
ground, we look up at the sky and there you are. Barely avoiding
snipers or missiles or whatever, hands thrust out in front of you,
you’re up there flying as hard as you can. And, like, in the
evening, the light of the moon reflects on that shiny silver body,
and it’s all…glittering brightly up there…Heh-heh, what am I even

talking about?”
Ash Roller clenched his right hand and rubbed his own face
roughly. Head obstinately still hanging, he continued to speak, albeit falteringly. “Anyway…When I see you up there flying, I feel
like yeah, I can still fight a little. And it’s not just me, man. In the
Hermes’ Cord race that time, all those hundreds of people in the
Gallery who saw you Disasterfy, the reason they all decided not to
say nothing, it’s ’cos everyone believes in you. They believe that
you…you won’t be beaten by something like the Armor of Catastrophe, you’ll break free of the curse and all that, and then you’ll
get back up in the sky, all happy like you do. So…so, like…”
Here, the biker finally lifted his face. The pale-green eyes were
a little wet with drops of hazy light, and he could see that those
eyes were very much like those of Rin Kusakabe staring at
Haruyuki about to cry in the real world.
“So don’t give up, Crow. You can’t be thinking about disappearing in some corner of the Unlimited Neutral Field with the
Armor. You got Miss Lotus, Master Raker, that big blue one, the
noisy green one…You got so many friends counting on you, man.
You disappear like that, what’ll your Legion buddies think? I
mean, the ton of Burst Linkers who been staring up at you flying
all this time, what’ll they think, you know?!” Ash Roller half
shouted and hung his head again deeply.
But…
But if I keep going like this and completely become Chrome
Disaster and start slaughtering other Burst Linkers at random…
it won’t be just me; even my precious friends could end up with
bounties on their heads , Haruyuki murmured in his heart, unable to produce a voice.
At the meeting of the Seven Kings the previous week, Nega
Nebulus deputy Sky Raker had responded thusly to the threatening manner of the whip-bearing Aster Vine, acting deputy for the

Purple Legion, Aurora Oval: Dissatisfaction with the six major
Legions and the stagnation they brought to the Accelerated World
was growing among Burst Linkers belonging to small and midsize
Legions. If the major Legions were to set out to crush the traitor
Black Lotus and her Legion through any means, the dissatisfaction smoldering in the Accelerated World would catch fire.
The senior members of the major Legions were most likely
aware of this risk. Thus, until that time, they hadn’t been able to
take the plunge and put bounties on the heads of Haruyuki,
Takumu, and the others simply for the reason that they were
Black Lotus’s subordinates.
But it was a different story if the sixth Chrome Disaster came
out of the Black Legion. The kings could give some reason like
Lotus was trying to use the Armor to expand her own military
power, and thereby put a bounty on the heads of all the Legion
members. If they wanted to try and avoid that, Kuroyukihime,
Takumu, and the others would have to subjugate Haruyuki with
their own hands. Just like the Red King, Niko, giving Cherry
Rook, the fifth Disaster, the Judgment Blow while she cried…
It was precisely because Haruyuki loved his friends that he
didn’t want to thrust such a choice upon them.
“I mean, I—I don’t want to disappear from the Accelerated
World with everything still half-finished—the Legion’s objective,
my own leveling up, everything,” he muttered, squelching the
conflict and the even greater resignation filling his heart. “But
once I lose control of the Armor, once I’m not me anymore, it’ll
be too late. Probably, the Burst Linkers who became Chrome Disaster before this, they all thought at first that they could control
this power. That they’d get used to the Beast raging and they
could use the incredible power for justice, for their friends. But…
in the end, they were all taken over by the Armor. They attacked a
ton of Burst Linkers at random. They ended up not being able to
even tell their friends apart, until finally, they were put down like
dangerous animals by the kings and vanished from this world.”

He paused for a short breath and stared at his hands, transformed into sharp talons. “And…disappearing like that, only the
host Burst Linker leaves the Accelerated World. The Armor itself
is transferred to the storage of one of the subjugators or it parasitizes them with a seedlike part, and lives on. And then…this
cycle of Catastrophe that’s been going on so many years is still
not broken. Someone else will turn into the next Chrome Disaster
and spread the same pain and suffering. The only way I can put
an end to it here is if I, someplace in the Unlimited Neutral Field
far, far away, where no one ever goes, go into total point loss up
against an Enemy, and secretly disa—”
Skreek! The earsplitting sound of metal tearing interrupted
Haruyuki.
It was the sound of Ash Roller punching through the hood of
the car that served as their bench with his clenched fist.
“Ah! Ash—”
“Then…I’m coming, too.”
The strangled words stopped the movement of Haruyuki’s
mouth.
“Your wings get bad mileage. You won’t get too far with ’em.
Mighty me here’ll let you up on the butt of my bike. To Hokkaido,
Kyushu, wherever you wanna go. But, like, going all that way, it’s
gonna be a real pain to get back to Tokyo. You gonna take the poison, go all the way to paradise, right? Maybe I’ll hang out with
you and your Enemy? Heh-heh! You and me, like it or not, we’re
stuck with each other. Gotta see your ugly mug from the very beginning to the bitter end. Not too bad, I guess.”
At the same time as Ash Roller stopped with his feigned cheer,
hot liquid spilled over from Haruyuki’s eyes. Uncontrollably
shedding virtual tears beneath the mirrored silver helmet, he
shook his head over and over. The voice he earnestly pushed out

of his throat warbled thinly, like that of a small child.
“That’s…Ash, you don’t need to…come with me and disappear,
too…I mean—”
“What you’re saying is exactly that, you know!!” the biker
shouted, his own voice also damp, and grabbed on to the Armor
around Haruyuki’s neck with the hand he pulled out from the
hood of the car. “So you disappear with the Armor of Catastrophe
and peace returns to the Accelerated World?! There’s no effin’
way they all live happily ever after!! You seriously think about
how much your parent, your pals, Master, and the kid Rin, too—
how much they’d cry and suffer and blame themselves?!”
“So then…” Even if it was a Normal Duel Field, it was dangerous for Haruyuki to get too worked up. And although he knew
that, he couldn’t stop himself from shouting out the fierce, almost
maddening emotions sweeping over him. “Then what am I supposed to do! I keep going like this and fuse with the Armor, I stop
recognizing my parent, my friends, I go on a rampage in the darkness, spreading catastrophe, and in the end, I get put down! Are
you saying that’s how it’s supposed to end?! If that’s what’s going
to happen, then right here, right now, while I can still be me…”
It’s better if I disappear.
Before he could spit these words out, Haruyuki had a shock
like a bolt of lightning and swallowed his breath.
It’s the same thing. What I’m saying is exactly what Takumu
was saying yesterday.
Like Haruyuki, he had been parasitized by a dark power—in
Takumu’s case, the ISS kit—and with that awesome power, he
had massacred the members of the PK group Supernova Remnant. And then, fearing what he would turn into, he had planned
to end things by his own hand.

And Haruyuki had told Takumu: “Don’t lose—fight. For me,
for Chiyu, for everyone in the Legion, fight the ISS kit.”
If he gave up on everything here and disappeared alone in the
wilderness of the Unlimited Neutral Field, everything he said
then would become a lie. And even if he did get rid of the Armor
of Catastrophe, the menace of the ISS kits currently blanketing
the Accelerated World would remain. Haruyuki had acquired a
certain amount of information about where the main body of the
kits was thought to be—Tokyo Midtown Tower—and the Legendclass Enemy Archangel Metatron guarding it. He had to at least
tell everyone in the Legion this.
But…if I see them all again, I…I know I won’t be able to keep
running. What should I do? I…What should I do…
“Fight it. Don’t give up; hang on until the last thread.” The
voice echoed abruptly in his ear. Ash Roller’s voice, his hand still
on Haruyuki’s chest armor. “Grit your teeth and fight it ’til the
end, just like when you fought me the second time. Crow, you can
do that. You’re that kinda guy; that’s why Rin fell for you…I’ll kill
you if you touch my sis, but I’ll kill you even more if you make her
cry.”
Haruyuki slowly let out the breath he’d been holding. And
smiled, just a little. “That’s kinda impossible, you know.”
“Shut up. That’s what being a big bro’s about, y’know!” Ash
shouted, seeming embarrassed somehow, and lightly shoved
Haruyuki away.
They looked up at the timer in the top of their field of view at
the same time; before they knew it, more than 1,700 seconds had
passed. In about a minute or so, the duel would be over.
Since Haruyuki’s health gauge alone had decreased, Ash Roller
moved his hand to request a draw, but Haruyuki pushed it back
down.

“I earned a lot of points back there in the Unlimited Neutral
Field. This is my treat.”
“…You can treat all you want, but I’m still not letting you touch
Rin.”
“I—I won’t touch her!”
After a bit more of this back-and-forth, Haruyuki suddenly remembered something and straightened up. “Oh, right. Ash?”
“…Whut?”
“Um, before, you said your name meant ‘spinning tires burned
and turned to ash,’ but I…I think it’s a little different.”
Shifting his gaze, he looked over at the large American motorcycle a little ways off. The front and rear tires were indeed not the
black of synthetic rubber but a gray somehow reminiscent of
metal or ceramic. But there was no sense of the brittleness of embers.
“For me, your name means ‘rolling up the earth, swallowed in
flames, and turned to ash to create a new path.’”
For a while, Ash Roller said nothing in reply. Finally, he
snorted briefly and filled Haruyuki’s ears with the same old abusive language. “Dang, that’s like some kinda slash-and-burn farm
style, man. Totally not the style of supercooooool mighty me!
Whatever, I can take it. I ever meet you in the real, I’ll toss you a
hundred yen for the idea.”
“Th-thanks.”
That “in the real,” however, was probably not the younger sister, Rin Kusakabe, but rather this older brother they weren’t sure
actually existed or not.
And then the flaming letters TIME UP!! blazed up over that not-

very-promising thought.
The duel ended after a full thirty minutes—1.8 seconds in the real
world—and the first thing Haruyuki felt upon returning to the
real world was a mysterious peace in his heart.
To speak of what he had actually done during the duel, he had
only been hit three times by Ash Roller’s motorcycle, and then
they had simply sat on the hood of an American car and spoken
intently. They had talked about some pretty important things, but
they hadn’t actually come to anything like a conclusion. Haruyuki
still basically had no idea what he should do now.
And yet the frustration and remorse—and despair—that had
been sweeping through his heart before the duel had calmed, if
only for the moment. Eyes still closed, Haruyuki stayed submerged in the gentle warmth filling his body.
A few seconds later, he finally realized that this sensation was
not a psychological illusion or false electronic information, and
his body froze with a start.
The high-quality elasticity pushing up on his back was the
leather of the rear seat of Fuko’s beloved car. He was lying on his
back there. And on top of him was something soft that smelled
good. A sensation a hundred times more alluring than that of the
material of the Italian car’s interior leather upholstery, an exquisite ratio of elasticity and plasticity.
Very timidly opening his eyes a crack, Haruyuki looked at the
ivory knit fabric glued to his own stomach. More precisely, a summer sweater with the badge of a school he didn’t know. Even
more precisely, the upper torso of a girl the same age as he was,
wrapped in that sweater.
“Ngh.” A small noise like a hiccup slipping out of him,
Haruyuki nervously shifted his eyes upward. A thin, checkered
ribbon tie. Slender pale neck and metallic-gray Neurolinker

around it. Tapered jaw like a young boy’s, thinnish lips, a subdued but solid bridge of the nose. And then two eyes, irises tinged
with a light gray.
The girl with her entire body on Haruyuki’s—or rather, the girl
who pushed him back, XSB directing cable still clutched in her
right hand—murmured from extremely close range, eyes as wet
as possible as always, “I-I’m. Sorry. My brother. Said so many
rude…”
“Uh, uuuummmmm.” Darting his eyes around in the great
confusion brought about in him by the physical situation and the
linguistic information, Haruyuki tried at any rate to cope by producing some kind of voice. “Um, uumm, first, so, you…Do you remember the duel just now?”
He was pretty sure she had said before that she ended up in a
trance of sorts during duels and didn’t really remember the details. In other words, the personality that dove into the Accelerated World switched to her “brother,” and so no vivid memories
remained inside her. Or at least that was what Haruyuki had supposed was happening.
But the girl—the true identity of the Burst Linker Ash Roller,
Rin Kusakabe—nodded her head sharply. “Right now. I can still.
Remember it. While I have this—my brother’s Neurolinker.
Equipped.”
“O-oh, you…can…”
Perhaps sensing the many questions stuffed into Haruyuki’s
brief reply, Rin blinked her wet eyes and added by way of explanation in a faint voice, “I. Don’t know, either. If the brother that
appears in the Accelerated World is my. Real brother. Rinta
Kusakabe sleeping in a hospital in Shibuya Ward. Or. If he’s a fictional personality I created. But Master. Said to me. There’s definitely meaning in the things that happen in the Accelerated
World. She says that if I keep fighting together with my brother.

As Ash Roller, someday for sure. I’ll find a very important answer.”
“…You will…”
Rin hadn’t actually clearly stated whether the Master she
spoke of was the Fuko Kurasaki Haruyuki knew. But listening to
her now, Haruyuki became sure of it. Fuko was a Burst Linker
who, according to Kuroyukihime, was a “pure positive Incarnate
user”—that was to say, a Burst Linker who believed more strongly
than anyone in the power of hope and bonds and love. There was
nothing more fitting for Fuko to say than this very line.
In other words, the customer who had coolly laid these truths
out at the table for Rin when she was working part-time in the
hospital cafeteria last summer had indeed been Fuko Kurasaki.
Her house was actually near the border between Suginami and
Shibuya Wards, and it wouldn’t have been strange for her to go to
a hospital in Shibuya for maintenance on her cybernetic legs.
Convinced they were talking about the same person, Haruyuki
nodded and Rin stared into his eyes. A veil of tears once more
covered the drops of gray in her own, and breaking the limits of
surface tension, the droplets spilled out and onto his cheeks.
“…Why.”
“Huh?” Frozen in place, Haruyuki was unable to understand
the meaning of her murmured word.
“Why,” Rin asked again, face contorted. “Didn’t you attack.
Me? Even though I challenged you. I thought. I was okay with you
hunting me. With disappearing. Even though. I thought I could
do something reckless and. Subdue the Armor of Catastrophe
possessing. You.”
At these unexpected words, Haruyuki swallowed his breath for
a second.

Right. Rin had actually said that immediately before she challenged him to the direct duel. That she would make the Armor
disappear, that she would take all his rage and hatred. And it
could have really turned out like that, if the duel had played out
differently. There had been the possibility that regardless of
whether or not the Armor disappeared, Haruyuki would have
rampaged and taken Rin on with all the attack power he had.
However, when cool big bro Ash Roller hit hard immediately
after the duel started with his you-dare-lay-a-hand-on-my-babysis bit, he had completely taken charge of the duel, and there had
basically been no chance for the Beast to wake up. It wasn’t like
he had planned to yell about that, but now that Haruyuki thought
about it, that attitude was really the heart of the countless
Ash/Crow battles up to that point.
“I can’t hunt you.” Haruyuki shook his head gently, an unconscious smile on his face.
“What…”
“I mean, like, Ash is an important…friend.” He chose his
words carefully.
“…Friend,” Rin repeated, turning her half-sobbing face toward
him.
Haruyuki picked out the slightest note of dissatisfaction and
hurriedly followed up. “Y-yeah. Very important. So, like, even if…
I end up controlled by the Armor and totally turn into Chrome
Disaster…” He pushed out the words that contradicted his early
thoughts as his throat threatened to close over on him. “Don’t let
Ash do anything reckless. I…I like that guy.”
Instantly.
Twice the tears, somehow a different color now, welled up in
Rin’s eyes. Her small face moved as though trying to catch up

with the several drops that spilled over, and smacked into
Haruyuki’s left cheek. Words riding hot breath poured into his
ear.
“I…I’m so happy. That you met. The real me. I was afraid
you’d think I was creepy. And I was in a different Legion. So I
could only. Fight you in the general duels. And in the Territories…But. That you would…say that to me now…”
She pressed herself more closely against him, and the sensation, alongside its warmth and sweet smell, almost sent
Haruyuki’s thoughts out of his head.
Even in this situation, the last threads of his reason remarked
that the next time they met, Ash was definitely going to kill him,
but regardless, his right hand escaped his conscious control and
lifted itself up, moving in to touch Rin’s slender back—
“Please say what you said before one more time.” The murmured voice in his ear stopped his hand cold.
Hurriedly scrolling back through his memory, he replayed the
scene in a hoarse voice. “Um. Ash is an important friend?”
“After that.”
“So I would totally never hurt you or anything?”
“After that.”
“And he’s someone I—”
Knock, knock. The hard sound rang out abruptly, quietly.
Eyes half out of focus, Haruyuki turned his gaze absently
above his head. He first saw the door panel to the left behind him,
and then the rear window came into view above that. Although he
was pretty sure the transitional privacy glass had been in maximum shield mode a few minutes earlier, at some point, it had be-

come completely transparent.
And on the other side, smiling quietly, was a woman with long,
black hair. She turned the finger that had tapped on the glass and
at the same time as she operated the holowindow, the doors unlocked with a light sound. The back hatch was immediately pulled
open from the outside, and the woman leaning her top half into
the vehicle smiled once more, directly above Haruyuki as he lay
back on the seat.
“I’m so glad to see you again, Corvus

,” she said.

Instantly, Rin, lying on top of Haruyuki facedown, shuddered.
Similarly frozen in place as he pulled a tight smile onto his
face, Haruyuki managed to squeeze out a reply to the girl—the
deputy of Nega Nebulus, Strong Arm Sky Raker herself, aka Fuko
Kurasaki.
“Oh. Y-yeah. Me…too…”
It’s okay, it’s still okay; this is still not the level of crisis you
have to run away from! Because the very person who had ordered Rin Kusakabe currently and admirably holding Haruyuki
down was Fuko, and it wasn’t impossible for her to decide to interpret this situation as a logical extension of her own order, and
in the end if they could talk about it, she would totally understand
—he was completely sure of it. For sure.
Haruyuki let his thoughts run off earnestly, forgetting that he
himself had tried to literally run away from everyone in the Legion.
However, immediately after that, Chiyuri popped up from
Fuko’s left and visually confirmed Haruyuki’s current status.
Imagining a red overlay flaring up from her feet, Haruyuki
shifted his gaze to the door on the opposite side, ready to open it

and escape. And there, on the other side of that window, he discovered his Legion Master standing with her arms crossed, and
he froze utterly and completely.
Chak! Kuroyukihime opened the door on the right side and
bent forward, her special attack “Kuroyukihime’s Ultra-Cold
Smile” ripping across her face for the first time in a long time.
“Perhaps we’re interrupting, Haruyuki?” she said.

Being a young man praised for having reaction abilities of the
highest level among Burst Linkers, the response Haruyuki managed to calculate and deliver with all the force of his neural circuitry was the following.
“…I-it’s not what you think.”

6
The place was once more the living room of the Arita home on the
twenty-third floor of the condo. The time was 7:40 PM.
Since Operation Castle Escape had started at exactly seven
o’clock that day, June 20, 2047, this meant not even an hour had
passed in the real world. But for Haruyuki subjectively, it felt as
though he had accumulated several days’ worth of events that he
still hadn’t processed.
The escape from the Castle and Suzaku’s fierce attack.
The search for and discovery of Ash Roller. Summoning the
Armor, the slaughter.
The encounter with the two members of Great Wall. And yet
another battle…
When he had absently retraced his steps to that point, as he
sat plopped down in one corner of the sofa set, a mug of café au
lait was set down before him, accompanied by a “Here you go.”
“…Th-thanks…” He thanked Chiyuri in a small voice and
picked up the steaming mug to bring it to his lips.
“Ah! Hawwwwt?!” The instant he sipped at it, the overboiled,
scorchingly hot liquid burned his tongue, and Haruyuki cried out
in pain.
But Chiyuri, sitting on the sofa opposite him, touched her own
café au lait to her lips with a feigned ignorance. “Oh my, I beg
your pardon,” she said crisply.

Somehow, the cups distributed to everyone else were a suitable temperature, and Haruyuki’s alone had been given plenty of
heat in the microwave. But only Takumu clucked his tongue and
shook his head with a wry grin at this targeted maliciousness;
Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Utai Shinomiya simply turned silently
toward their own cups.
This was not because Haruyuki had locked them all in the
house and run off alone, or even because he had summoned the
Armor of Catastrophe. It was because of the presence of the seventh person, clutching the hem of his T-shirt tightly with her
right hand while she sat to his left, on the verge of tears as always.
From the time Fuko had pulled her off him in the underground
parking lot until she was brought up to the twenty-third floor in
the elevator and sat down on the sofa, she had not let go of
Haruyuki’s shirt.
If, hypothetically, this had been the Red King, Yuniko Kozuki
aka Niko, Kuroyukihime would have instantly shouted, Quit fooling around and let go! and might actually have even attacked
physically. However, when her opponent was a weak-looking girl
who constantly sniffled, tears in her eyes, even the Black King apparently hesitated to take action.
Only the sound of Haruyuki blowing on his cup broke the urgent silence.
Finally, Chiyuri set her own cup down. “Leeeeet’s see,” she
said in a voice that was half groan, rubbing her temples with the
index fingers of both hands. “I don’t understand the situation yet.
Actually, I just can’t accept it.”
Lifting her face, she stared hard at the girl to Haruyuki’s left—
the girl sitting directly across from her. “Are you really Ash
Roller? The Ash Roller? The hya-ha-ha-haa-mighty-me-megaluckyyyyy Ash Roller? The Ash with the missiles on his motorcycle?”

Chiyuri was slightly overemphasizing one aspect in her description, but still, the girl—Ash Roller’s real-world self, Rin
Kusakabe—nodded clearly. Rin had already switched out her
brother’s old metallic-gray Neurolinker for her own pastel-green
one. If he were to believe what she said before, she already could
no longer remember the details of the duel with Haruyuki earlier.
But even still, she was apparently fully aware of what kind of
Burst Linker she—or her brother—existed as in the Accelerated
World. Tears dampening both eyes, she apologized in a thin
voice.
“Um, I’m sorry. On the other side. I’m always saying so many.
Rude things.”
“Y-you don’t have to apologize. I talk pretty bluntly in the
duels, too.”
Unconsciously, Haruyuki and Takumu both bobbed their
heads up and down, and once she had frozen the awkward pair
with her eye laser, Chiyuri continued. “But—I’m not sure how to
put this. I’m just a little surprised because I’ve never seen anyone
so different between here and over there before. I mean, I can’t
believe you can be a girl in the real and have a male-type avatar.”
The instant he heard these words, Haruyuki this time made
momentary eye contact with Fuko, who was seated on the love
seat to his right.
Since he hadn’t explained to Chiyuri and the others Rin’s special circumstances, the only people there who knew all about the
girl and her brother and the two Neurolinkers were Haruyuki and
Rin’s parent, Fuko. He took the look in her eyes to mean they
would watch for the time to explain it all, and so abruptly opened
his mouth.
“Th-that’s just ’cos there’s over a thousand Burst Linkers. It’s
not so weird to find someone who seems like an exception sometimes.”

Chiyuri turned her hard stare on the girl once more, and then
looked away abruptly. “I guess so. Like someone who’s all nervous and shy in the real world like this, but then gets all carried
away in the Accelerated World and charges on from one thing to
the next!”
“Unh!” He reflexively ducked his head at the unexpected attack. As he sipped at his coffee, finally cooled enough to drink, his
brain worked at top speed. His plan to escape alone and resolve
this himself was ruined, and given that he had been caught again
like this, he wouldn’t be able to shelve the matter forever. He
should at least bring it up himself and apologize. In which case,
maybe this was that time.
Haruyuki set his mug down on the glass table in the center of
the sofa set and sat up straighter as he took a deep breath. He
looked again in turn at the members of his Legion—Kuroyukihime sitting on the far left, Chiyuri and Takumu across from him,
Fuko on the right end, and Utai tucked in to his immediate right
because of space concerns—and then yanked his head down.
“Um, about what I did there, I’m really sorry. I don’t expect an
apology to get you to forgive me after all this, but—”
“Do you actually understand why we—why I am angry,
Haruyuki?” The clear voice that rang out belonged to Kuroyukihime, who had been silent this whole time. Her fingers intertwined as they rested on her knees, and the swordmaster and Legion head stared at Haruyuki with jet-black eyes.
“It’s not because you summoned the Armor of Catastrophe
and released the sealed Chrome Disaster. Everyone sitting here
already understands that you had to do that to save your friends.
But you…you shook off the words and hands we reached out to
you and tried to punish yourself alone. If…if you had managed to
carry out that plan and disappeared to the edge of the Unlimited
Neutral Field along with the Armor…”

Her voice trembled the slightest bit, and Haruyuki felt something squeeze his heart. He unconsciously clutched at the fabric
of his T-shirt above his chest.
Kuroyukihime blinked once, slowly, before turning slightly
more reflective eyes on him. “Did you really think that we would
have been able to continue fighting without you? You, who never
once thought to leave us, not Chiyuri held prisoner by Dusk
Taker, not Takumu infected with the ISS kit, not Fuko about to
give up on her dream of the sky, not Utai sealed away on Suzaku’s
altar—and not even me, hiding in the depths of the local net for
two years! Did you really think that we would just cut you loose
and forget you?!”
Her voice gradually increased in volume to become a sharp
sword piercing Haruyuki’s heart. But that stabbing was not a cold
pain; instead, a sweet, sad, and warm throbbing spread out to fill
his chest.
Biting his lip, head hanging, Haruyuki pushed back the self
that tried to cling to that gentle rebuke. “I’m sorry,” he apologized
once more in a shaky voice, and quickly continued. “But…but the
Four Elements of the old Nega Nebulus and you, Kuroyukihime—
Two years ago, you tried to throw yourselves away to protect your
friends in the Legion, didn’t you? You tried to let the other Legion
members get away by putting yourself alone into a state of unlimited EK on the altars of the Four Gods, didn’t you? I—Before, I
thought the time for that had come for me, too. I thought everyone in the Legion would end up with a bounty on their heads…
and I wanted to avoid that at any cost, at least.”
“What are you talking about, Haru?! Only yesterday, you told
me that rather than sitting and brooding alone, I should believe
in my friends and reach out a hand!” Takumu half shouted.
Chiyuri, next to Takumu, gently held him back with a hand.
His childhood friend’s eyes were completely different from the
earlier superpowered fire beam, this time gently urging Haruyuki

to continue.
“Sorry, Taku,” Haruyuki earnestly muttered. “I actually remembered that earlier when I was direct-dueling with Ash—I
mean, Kusakabe.” He turned his face back to Kuroyukihime.
“And at the end of the duel, Ash said to me that if I was gonna go
disappear in the Unlimited Neutral Field somewhere, he’d come
with me. And then I realized it: When you lose all your points in
the Accelerated World and are pushed to a forced uninstall, it’s
only you who has all your memories related to Brain Burst
erased. So, like, um…”
He struggled with how to express this precious thing that he
had realized, but here his language processing engine reached its
limit, and Haruyuki simply moved his mouth and his right hand.
“In other words, the death of a Burst Linker doesn’t belong to
the person themselves.” From his right, a quiet, calm voice finished his thought—Fuko. “That’s what you mean, yes? Because
the Linker forgets they were ever part of Brain Burst, along with
who they met in the Accelerated World, what they experienced
there, what they were aiming for…Because of that, what really
dies…is the him or her inside the people around them, close to
them. Only the comrades, friends, and lovers of the person who
disappears continue to carry on knowledge of this ‘death’ in their
hearts, in their unlimited accelerated time.”
“…Yes.” Haruyuki nodded deeply, slowly, and started speaking
his words himself again. “That’s just it. Which is why…I had the
thought that it’s actually impossible to begin with, the idea that
you alone disappear—it’s actually not possible in the Accelerated
World. Even if I snuck off somewhere and disappeared after losing all my points to an Enemy…at that time, really, the me that
lives inside the people around me I care about would disappear,
and that would make a scar, or a hole that size…”
Kuroyukihime kept harsh eyes on him, and he met them first
out of the corner of his eye, gradually coming to look directly at

her as he spoke his heart in full.
“Which is why I don’t think that me alone disappearing will
fundamentally resolve anything. Because I know now that it
might hurt you all about as much as if I became the Disaster and
you had to come hunt me. But…but…”
He clenched his hands into fists as they sat on his knees.
“Making the Armor of Catastrophe disappear again before the
meeting of the Seven Kings on Sunday now that I woke it up is
probably—no, ninety-nine percent impossible. After fighting with
it in the Unlimited Neutral Field, I’m sure of it. The Armor’s already completely one with Silver Crow. And not just that. I— At
this stage, I might already be getting mental interference from the
Armor. I mean—I…”
He was aware that his friends had all opened their eyes a little
wider. And he announced to them what he felt himself immediately before he was forced to burst out, when he had been about
to set out on a wandering journey together with the Armor of Catastrophe—or rather, the Beast that lived in the Armor.
“I…had the thought that I didn’t want to erase it with some
outside method. If that had to happen, then…at least I wanted to
disappear with it. That’s what I thought.” Eyes completely downcast once again, Haruyuki bit his lip hard.
UI> ARITA. BY “IT,” DO YOU MEAN THE ARMOR OF CATASTROPHE AS
AN OBJECT? OR IS IT SOMETHING OR SOMEONE ELSE? Utai Shinomiya
asked him gently, in the chat window, as she sat pressed up
against him immediately to his right in the narrow space.
“…That’s…” After hesitating awhile, Haruyuki resolved himself
and explained.
About the two consciousnesses that lived inside the Armor of
Catastrophe. The mysterious girl with the canary-yellow armor

inside the original Destiny. And the savage instinct to fight that
lived within the Enhanced Armament Disaster, that a twisted fate
had given rise to—the “Beast.”
“Chiyu also met the girl, and so I think it’s pretty clear that
she’s not a dream I had or some kind of delusion.”
“Yeah.” Sitting across from him, Chiyuri nodded sharply. “Although I think the world I went to with Haru and Taku, the Brain
Burst central server itself, might have been a dream. But the girl
we met there was definitely not. I mean, she told us so much stuff
that me and Haru didn’t know.”
“Hmm. A Burst Linker’s consciousness lodged in an object. Or
perhaps it functions as a pseudo-intelligence. Considering the
power of the Armor to interfere with the mind, it’s not impossible,” Kuroyukihime murmured, a thoughtful look on her face. The
dangerous edge in her eyes had faded somewhat as she turned
her gaze on Haruyuki again. “Haruyuki. Which was it that you felt
you didn’t want to disappear? The unknown female-type duel
avatar who helped and guided you? Or the Beast that spurs you to
fight?”
“…Both— No, maybe…maybe the Beast,” Haruyuki muttered,
dropping his eyes. “The girl wants the Armor to be completely
eliminated, to cut short the cycle of catastrophe that’s been repeating in the Accelerated World. So if I disappeared with it, I
don’t think she’d be sad. And…the Beast wants to erase all Burst
Linkers other than itself. Of course, I think that’s basically nuts.
But if we take what we were talking about before, about a Burst
Linker’s death, and apply it to what the creature wants…each
time it hunts someone and dispatches them from the Accelerated
World, it ends up squirreling that death away in its own memory.
If it ended up the last Burst Linker in the Accelerated World like
it wants…it would be carrying the deaths, the extinctions of a
thousand Burst Linkers, on its shoulders. So, like, the Burst Linkers that disappear would live on inside its memory alone. So then,
what on earth does it…why would it…?”

Drops of water fell onto his clenched fists. He finally realized
that they were falling from his own eyes, and he hurriedly moved
to rub his face with his right arm.
Two seconds faster than him, Kuroyukihime leaned forward;
slightly ahead of her, Chiyuri was about to offer the nearby box of
tissues, but an instant faster than even that, Utai was pulling a
handkerchief out of her pocket. But the one who moved even
more quickly than these three was the seventh person, sniffling to
Haruyuki’s left—Rin Kusakabe. She soaked up the tears collecting
on Haruyuki’s cheeks with the sleeve of her ivory summer
sweater.
“It’s lonely,” the girl in the same grade remarked, in a fairly
weak voice. “By yourself. No one. Should disappear. All alone.”
“…Oh, yeah. That’s, um.” Haruyuki naturally froze, but
Kuroyukihime, Chiyuri, and Utai all also stiffened up with their
own individual expressions on their faces.
What got things moving was a word from the gentle Fuko.
“Rin?”
With just that, Rin Kusakabe jerked her body back up to its
original position, but as if making some sort of statement, she
clutched at the hem of Haruyuki’s T-shirt in the same way again.
Still with a complicated look on her face, Kuroyukihime leaned
back into the sofa and cleared her throat lightly. “Haruyuki.
These feelings of yours…I don’t believe that they come from mental interference from the Armor of Catastrophe as you say. Because that is so like you, so like what the Haruyuki Arita I know
would say.”
Chiyuri, Utai, Takumu, and Fuko all nodded together.
“And thus, I don’t believe the possibility of purifying the
Armor is completely out of the question. Haruyuki. Just once is

enough. Will you give me—will you give us a chance?”
Purify.
The word meant that they would burn the Beast together with
the Armor of Catastrophe, with the special abilities of the shrine
maiden of the conflagration Ardor Maiden—Utai Shinomiya. At
this point, the power of Utai’s Incarnate, which had melted and
buried the protector knight of the Castle’s inner sanctuary in a
massive pool of magma, went without saying. With her of all people, it might have been possible to selectively burn away—no, to
exorcise—the Armor, even if it had completely fused with Silver
Crow. They had indeed taken great pains to get Ardor Maiden
back from Suzaku’s altar to carry out that purification to begin
with.
But. The Haruyuki of that moment could not be sure that this
was really the only correct solution. He couldn’t remember the
details now, but in the distant past—at the dawn of the Accelerated World—there had been a very sad, cruel incident involving
that golden-yellow girl, a metal color that looked a lot like
Haruyuki, and the layered avatar calling himself the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, Black Vise. The metal
color, stained with an excessively deep despair, had caused the
Arc Destiny and the longsword Star Caster to fuse and given birth
to the Armor of Catastrophe, the Disaster.
The Beast, the pseudo-intelligence that lived in the Armor, reacted violently to the memory of this incident and had once even
caused a negative Incarnate overflow within Haruyuki in the real
world. That was proof that this incident was the source of the Catastrophe, enacted over and over in the Accelerated World. What
exactly had happened in the past? Was it really all right to just
eliminate the Armor and the Beast without knowing—no, without
properly remembering, that?
Of course, if he went back into that unknown past—in other
words, into the memory of the Beast itself—he would experience

even more intense mental interference than he had already. Surpassing even the stage of “fusion” and reaching into “control”—
Haruyuki’s personality might disappear entirely. The fact that he
was struggling like this might itself have been proof that this interference was already progressing.
As Haruyuki hung his head and bit his lip, a small hand
reached out from his side and wrapped itself around his right
hand. At the same time, text typed out one-handedly was displayed in his view in a cherry-pink font.
UI> ARITA. THE TRUE PURIFICATION ABILITY I HAVE IS NOT A DESTRUCTIVE FOURTH-QUADRANT INCARNATE LIKE I USED IN THE CASTLE.
“Huh? So then…?”
UI> THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO PHYSICAL ATTACK POWER. IT CANNOT
BREAK A DUEL AVATAR, NOR AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT, NOR AN ENEMY,
NOT EVEN A SINGLE TERRAIN OBJECT. WHAT MY FLAMES BURN IS…THE SOCALLED “CONNECTION.” IT SELECTIVELY PURGES ONLY THE INFORMATION
ROUTE CONNECTING THE PARASITIC BODY AND THE HOST. THUS, THE TARGETED PARASITIC OBJECT IS SIMPLY CUT AWAY, Utai Shinomiya replied,
a calm smile slipping onto her face.
“It’s cut away…without disappearing…,” he parroted, and then
shook his head slightly with a “But…”
“But…in that case, even if it works, the Armor of Catastrophe
itself will remain in the form of a sealed card again. Right? If
someone takes that card, or we sell it in the shop, or even toss it
into the bottom of the ocean, I know it will call out to its next host
again. Kuroyukihime, the card items, they’re…”
When Haruyuki turned his gaze on her, Kuroyukihime
guessed at the implied question and nodded. “Mmm. Impossible
to destroy, without exception. The most certain method of disposing of a card currently known is to feed it to a Legend-class
Enemy with an affinity for item loot…but I can’t say that that is

actually foolproof.”
A heavy silence filled the living room, illuminated only by the
indirect orange lighting.
Breaking this silence was a faint alarm announcing that it was
eight PM. There was still time before Haruyuki’s mother came
home, but it was about time for everyone to be getting home, especially Utai, who was still in elementary school. Regardless of
how great the problem facing the Legion, the fact remained that
in the real world, they were all students and thus constrained by
various rules.
They did have the option of diving into the Unlimited Neutral
Field to continue talking there or to try Ardor Maiden’s purification. But there was one little snag. Because Haruyuki had burst
out with a forced disconnection safety—in other words, his cable
had been yanked out—if he dove into the Unlimited Neutral
Field, he would appear alone on the roof of Mori Tower in Roppongi Hills, far away from this condo. And even that would have
been fine if he could have immediately exited normally through a
portal, but if the mental interference from the Armor began soon
after he dove, Haruyuki himself didn’t know what would happen
after that.
“We’ll continue tomorrow…yes?” Fuko, the Legion deputy,
said quietly, perhaps thinking the same thing. “We have to first
safely reset Corvus’s position information.”
Haruyuki had previously explained that he had disconnected
in Roppongi Hills, right before he fled from his friends and this
very room. Yet he still had a mountain of information to share
with them, even though he wasn’t able to completely process his
memories inside his own head. He needed to reexamine the exchange he had with the pair on the roof of Mori Tower—the
Green King, Green Grandé, and the third seat of the Green Legion’s executive group, the Six Armors, a Linker known as Iron
Pound. His memories themselves also needed time to clear.

His Legion Master, Kuroyukihime, looked around the room.
“We in Nega Nebulus made significant progress today,” she announced in a clear voice, “because we managed to bring back Utai
—Ardor Maiden, one of the former Four Elements, from the altar
of a God, a place believed to be impossible to escape. Although
after that, there was a slightly unexpected incident…” Here, she
glanced over at Rin Kusakabe—who continued to clutch
Haruyuki’s T-shirt—but then merely cleared her throat before
continuing, “It is an unquestionable fact that Silver Crow’s hard
work contributed greatly to the success of this operation.
Haruyuki, that’s why it’s our turn now to work hard for your sake.
I can understand your indecision and fear. But please. Give us
just one chance.”
She repeated her earlier words, turning earnest eyes on him,
and beside her, a small figure pushed forward: Utai Shinomiya,
clad in a white dress-style uniform. She bowed her head neatly,
which set her ponytail swinging, and tapped decisively at the air
with both hands.
UI> ARITA. WE NEED YOU. THE FACT THAT I WAS ABLE TO RETURN TO
NEGA NEBULUS—THAT I COULD ESCAPE FROM THE STATE OF UNLIMITED
EK THAT STRETCHED ON FOR TWO AND A HALF YEARS—IS ALL BECAUSE OF
YOU. AND THE REASON I AM HERE RIGHT NOW IS TO CUT THE TIE THAT
BINDS YOU TO THE CATASTROPHE. PLEASE. I WANT YOU TO GIVE ME THE
CHANCE TO FULFILL THE ROLE I AM TO TAKE.
Finished typing, she squeezed her small hands together at her
chest. Fuko, Chiyuri, and Takumu all nodded deeply. Finally, Rin
Kusakabe, sitting to his left, tugged lightly on the shirt she still
held.
Haruyuki shook slightly, with a momentary yet fierce conflict.
Trying Ardor Maiden’s purification meant, in other words,
diving into the Unlimited Neutral Field again at the same time as
his beloved Legion comrades. In the worst-case scenario, his
thoughts would suddenly be under the Armor’s control, and it

was possible he might attack them without a word. Naturally,
however strong Chrome Disaster might have been, Haruyuki
didn’t think he could simultaneously fight all five members of
Nega Nebulus with the Black King at the lead and win. But
Kuroyukihime and the others would be forced to choose whether
or not to neutralize—no, to push him to—a forced uninstall with
the Judgment Blow.
And that was something he didn’t want. No matter the cost.
Haruyuki lifted his eyes and looked at Utai and Kuroyukihime
in turn before nodding slightly. “I…understand. And I’ll ask you
guys, too. Please use your power to end the cycle of catastrophe I
can’t escape. Shinomiya, Kuroyukihime…everyone.”
“Haru, are you really okay by yourself tonight? Maybe you should
stay over at my place or at Taku’s?”
Chiyuri repeated this worry at least five times, and Haruyuki
sang his part in the duet, assuring her each time that he would be
fine, he was fine, while he saw everyone to the door he was still
fine, he was fine.
Fuko yanked Rin Kusakabe by the collar of her shirt, forcing
her to release Haruyuki’s clothes. Rin shoved her feet into her
loafers before turning around again. “Um,” she said. “The sushi
you gave me. Was. Really good.”
“Oh! Th-then you should tell Chiyu—Chiyuri Kurashima. Her
mom made it,” Haruyuki replied.
So Rin turned around once more and bowed her head at
Chiyuri, who was already out in the shared hallway. “Thank. You.
Very much.”
“…It was really nothing. Although I guess I’m not the one to
say that…”

Chiyuri returned the bow at a subtle angle, and an even
sharper doubt rose up on her face, as it did with Takumu, who
stood next to her. Except for the brief self-introduction immediately after they had dragged Haruyuki and Rin to the Arita home
from the underground parking area, they had hardly spoken to
her, so they were probably still having trouble accepting the theory that Rin = Ash Roller. Haruyuki could relate.
Nonetheless, there was definitely an indescribable air of master and apprentice to Rin and Fuko, as Rin pulled her head in
meekly and Fuko clutched the collar of the girl’s cardigan. Since
Rin would also be part of the operation to purify the Armor of
Catastrophe—which they had elected to start the following
evening at seven, once more in the Arita home—all of them would
get another chance to poke at her and ask her all kinds of invasive
questions. This, of course, came with a rather large if—if the operation actually succeeded.
Master and apprentice stepped out into the hallway, and once
Utai followed them, Kuroyukihime slowly slipped on her shoes.
She took a step forward before whirling around to look at
Haruyuki. Her lips trembled as though she wanted to say something, parted slightly, and then quickly closed again. After a
pause, Haru’s beloved swordmaster let a faint smile rise up onto
her lips. “Sorry for always, always making use of your house as
Legion headquarters. I hope you don’t mind that we’re doing it
again tomorrow.”
“No, not at all. It’s totally fine. But isn’t it actually tough for
you and Master going home?”
“Ha-ha! I’ll get a ride from Fuko again today, so I’m fine.
Everyone should have an adult friend.”
The look on Fuko’s face changed slightly behind her, and the
others laughed briefly. They then took two steps back, facing
backward, and stepped out into the hall.

“So we’ll see you tomorrow, Haruyuki.”
“Right. See you tomorrow.”
The gently closing door hid the faces of Kuroyukihime and his
friends, and separated the inside of the house from the outside.
The sound of the automatic lock scraped the air. He waited until
their footsteps had receded and disappeared before trudging back
into the living room.
Chiyuri had taken the large plate with the chirashi sushi and
maki rolls on it, so Haru just had to wash the coffee mugs and return them to the cupboard with the dryer function. He wiped the
dining table and the glass table, set the chairs straight, and
turned on the AI vacuum cleaner.
Back in his own room, Haruyuki opened his homework app
and focused on tackling the math and English problems. Once he
had taken care of both, he looked up at the clock and saw that it
was just past nine. His mother still wasn’t home. On days when
she hadn’t come back by now, she usually ended up home closer
to midnight. Haruyuki accessed the home server and opened the
family message board. After thinking for a minute, he typed out a
short note…
I’M GOING TO STAY AT TAKUMU’S HOUSE SINCE WE HAVE A GROUP PRESENTATION TO WORK ON. I’LL BE BACK EARLY TOMORROW MORNING.
Naturally, this was a lie. And it was a lie to both his mother
and his friends. In fact, it was perhaps a lie that betrayed all the
members of his Legion. But he was sure that in the event that his
mother did call Takumu to check up on him, he would very neatly
corroborate Haruyuki’s story.
He hit the ENTER key of his holokeyboard with a stiff finger,
cleared his virtual desktop, and stood up. He changed out of his
house clothes into baggy camo pants and a printed T-shirt. He
put on a cap, slid into some sneakers in the entryway, and opened

the door.
The shared hallway seemed even darker and quieter than it
had been a mere hour ago. It was only to be expected, but in the
space illuminated by LED tubes, there was not a trace of his
friends passing through earlier on their way home. Still, Haruyuki
took a deep breath and tried to fill his lungs with the air they had
all breathed before stepping out of the entryway. Behind him, the
lock on the door of the now-deserted Arita house shut tight, along
with a small electronic sound of raising the security level.
The reason Haruyuki was going out by himself at this hour
was slightly different from when he had locked his friends in and
run off. Then, he had intended to slip into the Unlimited Neutral
Field from a nearby dive café and lose all his points to an Enemy
at the ends of the earth.
However, Rin Kusakabe, Fuko’s “child,” had blocked his flight
with her body in the shopping mall on the first floor, and
Haruyuki had rethought things after talking with Ash Roller, who
said he was Rin’s brother, in the duel field. He could disappear all
on his own, but that didn’t fundamentally resolve the problem.
And he couldn’t do that anyway, not when Takumu had been in
exactly the same situation the night before but had still heard
Haruyuki out and held his ground.
Just like Takumu, I have to believe in my friends—in the
bonds of the Legion, Haruyuki decided somewhere deep in his
heart. So the solo excursion he was about to embark on (at a time
of night not particularly appropriate for a junior high school boy)
was not intended to result in his death in the Unlimited Neutral
Field. He wouldn’t have had to go to the trouble of leaving his
house for that; he could simply shout the “unlimited burst” command from the comfort of his own bedroom.
Haruyuki’s objective was outside Suginami—in fact, outside
the twenty-three wards of Tokyo: the city of Musashino, spreading out to the west. Of course, it was fully equipped with the so-

cial camera net, and thus was a part of the Accelerated World, but
it was deserted. Almost no Burst Linkers lived or went there. And
he was heading out to his wilderness because he wanted to check
if he was still himself even when he dove into the Unlimited Neutral Field.
The worst thing he could imagine happening in the purification mission the next day was him going on a rampage immediately after they dove and attacking his Legion comrades. Even if
he assumed Kuroyukihime and the others would be prepared for
that, they might decide they could control Chrome Disaster, but
Haruyuki couldn’t take such an optimistic view of the situation.
The sixth’s battle ability—being able to use all of the abilities of
preceding Disasters—was his own power, but even he couldn’t see
its depths. Especially the Flash Blink ability left in the Armor by
the first Disaster. That was dangerous. This technique rendered
physical constraints completely ineffective and turned the user
into particles for teleportation. If Haruyuki, one with the Beast,
was able to freely control it, it was possible that Nega Nebulus,
which lacked anyone with the indirect abilities of yellow-type
avatars, wouldn’t be able to handle him completely.
Idly considering the possibilities, Haruyuki got on the elevator
at the twenty-third floor. The car slipped smoothly downward as
he continued along this train of thought.
He could not turn into a crazed Beast and assault his friends in
the next day’s purification operation. The only way to avoid this
tragedy was to dare call up the Beast in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, talk with it or fight it, and gain the right to a certain
amount of control. And if he was going to do that, he had to get
out of Suginami. If, hypothetically, his plan failed and he was
completely taken over by the Beast, Haruyuki—no, the sixth Disaster—would first try to assault the Burst Linkers who made their
homes in Suginami. For the same reason, he wanted to avoid
Nerima, Nakano, Shinjuku, and Shibuya to the east. But in
Musashino to the west, no matter how he might rampage, there
were no targets to begin with. If he tried to hunt anyone, he

would need to return to the real world through a portal and then
take a train or something. During that time, his head might cool,
even if only a little.
For these reasons, Haruyuki had decided on this solo trip.
He passed through the shopping mall, where most of the
shops other than the supermarket were closed given that it was
past nine, and went out into the front garden laid with red bricks.
This space, filled with flower beds and benches, was basically
taken over by couples at night. At ten o’clock, the main gate was
closed, and no one other than residents of the connected condo
could pass through it, but he could see the silhouettes of young
people sticking around until the last minute, sitting together on
benches here and there.
For Haruyuki, this sort of thing was not interesting at all, so
when he left the condo in the evening, he tried to use the residents-only gate on the north side. But the south main gate was
closer to Koenji Station. Thus, he pulled the brim of his cap down
over his eyes, tucked his shoulders in, and tried to pass through
the garden at a brisk pace.
“Have a seat.”
The voice came from the bench immediately beside him. Startled, he came to an abrupt halt and froze, eyes still fixed forward.
The tone was masculine, but the voice was clearly female. He
couldn’t mistake that voice, with its silky smoothness, the clarity
of melted snow, the sharpness of a whetted knife.
Haruyuki creakingly turned his head seventy degrees to the
right, a movement like a gear-driven doll.
Seated on the bench, the swordmaster he had parted from
only an hour earlier was looking at him, smiling calmly. Obsidian
eyes, black like deep space, announced that they had seen right

through him.

7
I never thought the day would come when I—me!—would be sitting with a girl on these benches. And past nine at night! Of
course, we probably totally don’t look like boyfriend and girlfriend. At best, older sister and younger brother. At worst, the
girl lost a dare…
As these thoughts raced through his mind, five slender fingers
reached out from beside him to squeeze his left hand sitting on
his knees. At the same time, a voice.
“This way we don’t look like we’re brother and sister. Shall we
direct to make extra certain?”
It was almost as if she was reading 80 percent of his thoughts.
“N-n-n-n-n-no,” Haruyuki squeaked. “Th-th-th-th-th-this is fine.”
It was likely a wise decision not to add that there remained the
possibility that she appeared to be there on a dare.
What was fairly scary was that Haruyuki’s current situation
could be completely laid bare if Chiyuri were peeking straight
down into the garden using night-vision binoculars from the
Kurashima house on the twenty-first floor of B wing, which was
soaring up above his head. But maybe he was seriously overthinking this. But he couldn’t underestimate her animal-like instincts.
He couldn’t completely deny the possibility of her suddenly wanting some of the tofu banana au lait (with tapioca) that was only
sold at a vending machine in this plaza and coming down to buy
some…
“We’re not doing anything you’d feel particularly guilty about
if Chiyuri or Takumu happened to see, are we? Or is it all right for

you to have spontaneous sleepovers with them, but I don’t have
the right to sit alongside you on a bench?”
“N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-no. Th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-that’s
not it at all.”
If he allowed any additional information to leak out of his
brain in this exchange, things would get extremely not good. So
Haruyuki cut off his evasive thoughts and finally turned his eyes
toward the girl sitting next to him—the Legion Master of Nega
Nebulus, Haruyuki’s parent, the Black King, Black Lotus aka
Kuroyukihime.
To begin with, he timidly gave voice to the biggest question.
“Um. I thought you were going to get a ride home from Raker? So
then why are you…?”
“Mmm. Well, a simple reason. Fuko’s child—Rin Kusakabe,
was it? She said her house is in the exact opposite direction as
mine, in Egota in Nakano Ward. Uiui lives quite near Fuko, so
that’s fine, but for her to take me home as well was simply too inefficient. I declined the offer and said I would take a taxi. Incidentally, I didn’t go so far as to say what time I would get that taxi, so
I haven’t lied to Fuko and the others.”
“O-oh, right. Wait. Where is your house again?” Haruyuki
asked nonchalantly.
Kuroyukihime’s eyebrows twitched, followed by a mischievous
smile spreading across her face. “Now see here, you. Didn’t you
look at my student diary?”
He felt like he had heard this line somewhere before, and after
a moment of confusion, he hurriedly shook his head from side to
side. “I—I—I didn’t look inside! And anyway, that was a long time
ago!”
“Ha-ha-ha! Eight months ago, hmm? I remember it well.”

Kuroyukihime laughed for a while, shoulders shaking, and then
finally got a look on her face as though she had just remembered
something.
“By the way, Haruyuki.” Her voice was quiet, and the hand she
laid on Haruyuki’s squeezed tightly. “I assume you’re going out by
yourself at this time of night to dive into the Unlimited Neutral
Field in a deserted area outside the twenty-three wards. My hypothesis is perfectly correct, yes?”
She cut to the heart of the matter so suddenly that Haruyuki
unconsciously bobbed his head up and down.
“Oh! B-but it wasn’t to go and lose all my points by myself or
anything,” he added hurriedly, but Kuroyukihime nodded, as if to
say she had even seen through to that point as well, and swiftly
piled on another question.
“So then you left some kind of excuse for your mother for
going out in the middle of the night?”
“Y-yeah. I said we had group homework and I was staying at
Taku’s.”
He thought for an instant she might reproach him for the
crime of perjury, but to his surprise, Kuroyukihime nodded coolly
again.
“Mmm. Good. Then we should go.” The words were no sooner
out of her mouth than she was standing up, still holding
Haruyuki’s hand.
Dragged along, he half stood, and she started walking jauntily.
Toward the condo entrance—no, the main gate to the southeast.
“Huh? Um, what exactly…?” This was the path he had originally been on, but Haruyuki couldn’t quite grasp Kuroyukihime’s
intentions and flapped his mouth in confusion.

But the black-clad vanguard said nothing in response as she
cut through the front garden dotted with couples. Without even
pausing, she stepped through the gate, off the condo grounds,
and onto the sidewalk of the ring road known as Kannana Street.
Apparently, she had at some point made a request from her
virtual desktop, and with impeccable timing, a single EV stopped
in the lane before them, turn signal winking. It was a taxi, blue
lines on the white vehicle, an old-style lamp on the roof. The rear
door opened automatically, and without a word, Kuroyukihime
pushed Haruyuki in before slipping in after him herself. She offered a simple “thank you” to the middle-aged male driver, who
responded with an “of course” as he pulled out smoothly into traffic.
In this day and age, it was normal to send the destination
alongside the taxi request, which was sent via Neurolinker to cars
driving in the area, so Haruyuki had no idea where they were
heading. Half-dumbfounded, half-excited, he peeked out through
the windshield and watched as the taxi, which had started out
north on Kannana, soon turned left onto Waseda and headed
straight west.
So then she’s planning to go to Musashino with me? But that’s
no good. In the fleeting moment Haruyuki had this thought, the
car turned left again, not having gone even a kilometer. They
went down the residential street, slipped past the elevated Chuo
Line, and went further south. In a few minutes, they came out
onto Oume Kaido, and this time turned right, and then another
left soon after that.
Roughly speaking, from Haruyuki’s condo, they had sort of approached the direction of Umesato Junior High and then moved
away from it again…or at least, that’s what he thought. But their
destination remained a mystery. The scene outside the window
turned into a residential area again, and the greenery gradually
increased. A minute or two later, the taxi stopped, hazard lights
flashing.

Payment was also taken care of by Kuroyukihime with her
Neurolinker, so it was invisible to Haruyuki. The driver called out
a hearty “Thank you!” at the same time as the door opened.
Kuroyukihime thanked him back as she got out, and Haruyuki
could do nothing but follow her.
On the other side of the quietly departing EV was a sight that
seemed impossible in the whole country of Japan, much less in
the middle of Suginami Ward.
Stylish white-walled town houses stood neatly and evenly
spaced on excessively large plots, and the street was lined with
plentiful lawns and trees. It was almost like the set of an American-made family drama, but the houses had a shared design and
were by no standard large.
“Uh, um, where…exactly…?”
“Mmm. Right. You’ve only just started eighth grade. This
comes up in Social Studies in the second term, I believe. This is a
URB called Asagaya Jutaku, a condo-type housing complex with a
nearly hundred-year history. It was redeveloped at the beginning
of this century, but this division alone was basically left as it was.”
“Uh, uh-huh.” Now that she mentioned it, he did indeed get
the sense of architectural cohesion in the look of the residential
area, highlighted in the orange of the streetlamps. “So then, it’s
like a cultural heritage site?”
“Mmm,” Kuroyukihime replied to the vague question. “Well, I
suppose you could say that.” She took Haruyuki’s hand once
more before starting to walk down the curving street.
Kuroyukihime, what are you trying to tell me by showing me
this place? Something the me now needs—no, something important that I have to come to on my own?!
Digesting the place in his mind, Haruyuki walked alongside

Kuroyukihime. The humid June air was merely depressing in the
inorganic metropolitan areas, but in this place, it seemed almost
refreshing, rich with the exhalation of the plants. They advanced
a mere two meters or so along the two-lane road, black and wet,
perhaps from a short rainfall not too long ago, and then Kuroyukihime stepped into a lane that broke off to the right.
The pavement—which made luxurious use of natural stone
tiles—was just barely wide enough for them to walk side by side,
and he wondered if it wasn’t a public road, but rather a private
path attached to a building. But Kuroyukihime did not waver in
her stride. However, if they were invading private property, the
residents might call the police on them. If Kuroyukihime risked
even that to try to tell him something, then…
Haruyuki racked his brain so hard that smoke threatened to
come out of his ears, as Kuroyukihime came to a stop in front of
one of the town houses. She then raised her right hand without
the slightest hesitation and pushed open the black cast-iron gate.
“Huh? What?”
They couldn’t just go opening the gates to someone else’s
house. He didn’t even have the time to finish the thought before
he was given an even bigger shock, and his eyes and mouth
opened as far as they would go.
Not so much as blinking, Kuroyukihime passed through the
open gate and reached out toward the doorknob of the house
standing neatly beyond it.
“Uh! Um! That’s!” Still standing in front of the gate, Haruyuki
was startled into speaking. “Wh-what are you doing, Kuroyukihime?! Y-y-you’re gonna get yelled at!”
“Mm? Why? And who would yell?”
“Who? Obviously, the person who lives—”

“No need to worry about that.” Kuroyukihime shrugged
lightly. “This is my house.”
“…Huh?” His jaw, already on the floor, dropped right through
it as Haruyuki reeled.
“When you come in, close the gate,” a cool voice instructed. “It
locks automatically.”
“…Okay.” Any other reaction was beyond him.
A bungalow with a loft, one bedroom, a living room, a dining
room, and private garden. This was the dwelling of the beautiful
girl in black and her many mysteries.
After Haruyuki took off his shoes and stepped into the house
in a trance, Kuroyukihime led him to a spacious living/dining
area of about twenty square meters.
“I’m going to go change. Make yourself comfortable.” Leaving
with these words, she disappeared through a door in a wall on the
west side.
Haruyuki staggered into movement once more and came to a
stop in the middle of the living room, before attempting to at least
gather some visual information despite the fact that his brain was
at a standstill.
Given that it was a one-story house, the design was compact,
but the floors and pillars were lavishly made from natural wood,
and the south-facing windows were large, so there was a sense of
openness. Unexpectedly, the room wasn’t decked in black. The
wallpaper and the ceiling were a light gray, the area rug and curtains covered in brown stripes. Furniture was on the sparse side,
with a small table and a beanbag chair, plus a ladder-type rack
placed up against the western wall. In the adjacent kitchen on the
other side of a counter, he could basically only see a small fridge,
a multipurpose microwave, and a slim cabinet. He didn’t get the

impression that any cooking took place in there.
The thing that drew the eye in this extremely restrained interior design was a large tank in the southeastern corner. Haruyuki
moved as if drawn in by it, and peered into the aquarium lit by
orange LEDs.
There were maybe twenty small tropical fish. He felt like that
was too few for the size of the nearly meter-long tank; what occupied the water world instead were a great number of water plants.
There were all kinds—one like a shaggy carpet, one with thin, elliptical leaves trailing, one that looked like a micro bamboo grove
—but the plant that stood out had several thin, long stalks soaring
from the center of the base up to the water’s surface.
Since the top of the tank was closed with a lid that had devices
to maintain water quality and temperature, Haruyuki crouched
down and peeked up at the water surface from below, feeling like
a fish gazing up at the outside world from inside the water. The
dozens of distinctive round leaves floated on the water at the ends
of stalks, some even seemingly stretching their heads up into the
air.
He had seen the shape of these dark green leaves somewhere
before. But, I mean, I’ve never been interested in water plants or
anything. He cocked his head to one side and then suddenly remembered.
In the fourteen or so years of his life, there had been just one
time. He had spent several days gathering information online,
and then struggled for over an hour once he was actually at the
shop, where he bought a marine plant that cost all the allowance
he had saved up. The plant with the long stalks and round leaves
he had chosen, put into a vase, and taken to a certain hospital was
a tropical water lily.
“The water lily you gave me, I looked it up. It’s a Lindsey
Woods,” a voice suddenly murmured in his ear.

Haruyuki jumped and whirled around.
Kuroyukihime had changed from her Umesato uniform into a
sleeveless housedress that hung straight down, and was bending
down to peer into the tank. It might have been housewear, but
the dress was all black, so it had the air of a party dress somehow.
Here, finally, Haruyuki’s brain was jerked out of its idling, almost-stalled state and regained about 80 percent of its output,
forced into an acceptance of the situation.
At this time of night, when it’s coming up on ten o’clock, I am
at Kuroyukihime’s house for the first time, and it’s just the two of
us, and on top of that, I left a message at home saying I wouldn’t
be back today. So, like, what?! What is even happening?!
The thought flashed through his mind, but since he felt it was
extremely dangerous to consider what might lie ahead, Haruyuki
earnestly jumped on the information before him.
“I-it is? I—I—I—I picked it just for the color,” he replied, turning back around and peering into the tank once more.
Kuroyukihime laughed. “I didn’t know the name of even one
ornamental lily at the time, either. I only learned about them
after you gave me those flowers.”
After she sustained serious injuries last fall, Haruyuki had
brought a bouquet of tropical water lilies when he went to visit
her on the day she was moved from the ICU to a general ward
room. Of course, the selection had been connected with Kuroyukihime’s duel avatar, Black Lotus, but four or five leaves other than
the lily flowers had been added to the bouquet the shop clerk
make for him. Because he remembered the round shape of the
slender stalks, even without seeing the flower, he could guess that
those were water lilies growing in the tank before him.
“S-so then, are these lilies the same as those flowers?”

Kuroyukihime shook her head, a playful—or perhaps innocent
—smile slipped across her face, almost like a young child boasting. “They are indeed the same genus, but that’s not all. The
plants I’m cultivating here are the very flowers you gave me eight
months ago. Well, more accurately, the ‘children’ of those flowers.”
“What?!” Haruyuki was stunned, and he stared hard at
Kuroyukihime’s profile, illuminated by the tank lights. “B-but the
ones I bought were cut flowers! I thought they wouldn’t grow
roots even if you put them in soil.”
“Mmm. That’s exactly right. But I learned after doing some research that some lilies, including the Lindsey Woods you gave
me, are called ‘propagule species.’ They grow new leaves and
roots from a propagule you can cultivate from the base of a leaf;
in other words, a bud.”
“Huh? F-from the leaves?”
“Exactly. After I learned this, I took a good look at the five
leaves that were in that bouquet, and there was just one that had
developed a bud. I got it to sprout in a pot of water, and then after
I got out of the hospital, I moved it to this tank. It was actually
quite some work to get them to grow to this size these last eight
months. Unfortunately, it will apparently take another month or
so to get them to bloom.”
Surprise at the vitality of plants and a deep emotion at the
trouble Kuroyukihime had gone to, her connection to the life of
the flower he had bought, filled his heart, and Haruyuki focused
his gaze on the stalks swaying in the water. Like this, they passed
a few seconds, or perhaps a few minutes, in a strangely peaceful
silence.
Eventually, however, Kuroyukihime leaned forward and gently
touched Haruyuki’s back. “Come and see them again when the
flowers bloom,” she said. “Now, shall we sit already?”

The beanbag chair on the rug laid out by the living room window was fairly large, and Kuroyukihime sank down into one side
of it. When Haruyuki remained frozen in place, she pulled on his
arm and mercilessly made him sit next to her.
The fine powder beads changed shape to smoothly hold his
weight. Inevitably, his body turned toward the center of the cushion, and he slid down the tiniest bit toward Kuroyukihime, to his
right. Their arms touched, and Haruyuki’s consciousness once
again threatened to fly off beyond the stratosphere. But Kuroyukihime lifted her right hand in a relaxed gesture and quickly
flicked at her virtual desktop.
The lighting in the living room dimmed until it was just barely
on, and the curtains automatically opened about a meter, while
the transparency of the variable privacy glass increased. On the
other side of the window, the broad-leaved trees and the lawn of
the garden rose up in the restrained illumination of the street
lamps, and then off in the far distance, the lights of the redeveloped high-rise housing complex glittered, almost cutting into the
night sky.
It was like he was peeking into metropolitan Tokyo of the current 2047 from some long-past century. Haruyuki realized all
over again that Kuroyukihime probably—no, definitely lived all
by herself in this small town house in one corner of Asagaya Jutaku. “How long have you lived here?” he asked slowly, unconsciously.
Her reply came after a delay of five seconds or so. “I moved
out of the house I originally lived in and started living here right
before I started at Umesato. To put it more accurately…that
would have been six months after I took the head of the first Red
King with this hand.”
Haruyuki swallowed his breath and thought about the meaning of her words. Actually, it was obvious without thinking about
it: Kuroyukihime was telling him that she had not left home for

the reason of attending junior high school in the real world, but
rather because of the murder of the Red King, an incident in the
Accelerated World.
But what exactly was that supposed to mean? Haruyuki understood that she had forced Red Rider into total point loss through
the level-nine sudden-death rule because she was resisting the
mutual nonaggression treaty the Seven Kings were attempting to
conclude among themselves at the time. In other words, both
cause and effect started and finished in the Accelerated World
alone, so how did that connect with why she had to leave home?
“I’ve actually…never told anyone that before. Not even Fuko
and Utai and the others…” Abruptly, Kuroyukihime leaned her
head on Haruyuki’s shoulder. “Red Rider wasn’t the only king I
hunted. I also tried to subjugate another king with these hands.
And not through an ordinary duel. A physical threat in the real
world. In other words, through a real attack, with violence.”
“What?!” He inhaled sharply again. Kuroyukihime wouldn’t
even allow the use of the acceleration command during a test,
and yet she had attempted the loathsome real attack—i.e., a PK.
The fact that that had even been possible meant—
“K-Kuroyukihime, do you know the real of another…king?”
After a long silence, she murmured briefly, simply, “I’m sorry.”
She then turned to the left and touched Haruyuki’s right side
with not just her head, but her entire body. Once more, his consciousness threatened to fly off at the softness and warmth communicated to his five senses, but he just barely held on again. Because this gesture of hers reminded him somehow of a young
child clinging to someone and seeking protection.
“Someday…when the time comes that I can talk about it, I’ll
definitely tell you.” Her voice was at a volume that he could almost hear, almost not hear.

Haruyuki nodded slightly. “Okay.”
That was all he could manage, but Kuroyukihime clutched the
hem of his T-shirt and murmured, “Thank you.”
Several minutes of peaceful silence passed. Since there was
nothing by way of clocks around the room, he could only check
the time by looking at the corner of his virtual desktop. However,
from Haruyuki’s perspective, the small digital numbers were displayed on top of Kuroyukihime’s chest. And apparently, these
creatures known as girls had a super sense for detecting the rude
gazes of boys.
Haruyuki had suffered Chiyuri’s harsh verbal attacks more
than a few times—“What are you staring at, Haru, you perv?!” He
would have liked to have argued that it wasn’t intentional eye
movement, but rather a command issued by the most primal regions of his brain, but in the current situation at least, something
precious would have been ruined if Kuroyukihime were to misunderstand him in any way. Thus, Haruyuki had no choice but to
tackle the high-level technique of sliding his entire virtual desktop to the left, while looking down to the righ—
“That reminds me. I still haven’t gotten an explanation of what
you were doing.”
At the sudden voice, his gaze froze with a start. “What I’m
doing? N-nothing. I mean, tr-tr-trying to look at the clock.”
“You can look at your clock all you want. That’s not what I
mean.” Kuroyukihime lifted her face, pursed her lips together
somewhat poutingly, and continued. “I’m talking about what exactly you were doing in Fuko’s car with that Rin Kusakabe.”
The attack came from such an unexpected angle with such unexpected force that Haruyuki froze again. Now that he was thinking about it, Kuroyukihime had clearly witnessed Haruyuki and
Rin glued together in the backseat of the EV, directing with each

other.
“Uh, um, that, well, it, Rin— I just was talking with Kusakabe
in the duel field, and there was absolutely nada else to it.”
“Hmmmm. Still, I feel the look on her face was incredibly
emotional. Is that really all?”
Under the hard stare of her slitted eyes, Haruyuki was forced
to remember, whether he liked it or not. In fact, it was hard to definitively say that was all. Rin had come straight out and bluntly
told him she liked him. And there was no other way to interpret
the simplicity and strength of the way she said it.
“Uh, um, uh. Oh! Really, nothing happened with Ash! I was
trying to run off to the ends of the Unlimited Neutral Field, and
he said he’d give me a ride, but that was about it, uh-huh.”
That was true. Between the Burst Linker Ash Roller and
Haruyuki, there was nothing other than the friendship that had
grown out of their rivalry. Because the one moving that centuryend rider in the Accelerated World was not Rin Kusakabe, but either her actual older brother Rinta Kusakabe or a simulation of
his personality.
At this explanation, which was just barely not a lie, Kuroyukihime pursed her lips suspiciously once more. She, Chiyuri,
Takumu, and Utai didn’t yet know about Rin Kusakabe’s special
circumstances. They thought the extremely teary-eyed, weak girl
had a personality flip and was doing some ha-ha-ha-vroooom
role-playing in the Accelerated World. But Haruyuki couldn’t be
the one to tell anyone the truth. It should be Rin herself, or at
least her parent, Fuko Kurasaki, telling that story.
Fortunately, Kuroyukihime’s expression softened abruptly
after a few seconds, and she pinched Haruyuki’s round cheek.
“Well, I suppose I should say that adding one to our numbers
makes no great difference in the battle situation at this point.”

“Wh-what?” She put some force into her fingertips, and
Haruyuki hurried to shake his head back and forth. “Nho, hit’s
hine, hit’s hine.”
“Honestly.” Again with the faintest hint of a smile slipping out,
Kuroyukihime released his cheek and smoothly turned herself on
the beanbag chair to stare up at the ceiling as she continued.
“Even still, I was honestly surprised. To think that inside your
very first duel opponent, that biker, is a girl younger than I am.
Until this very day, I never doubted that he was that sort of boy in
the real as well.”
“Yeah, me, either.”

“Well, I can accept it somewhat with Fuko being the contact
point. She told us a little of the story when we were walking down
to the parking area. Apparently, they met at a family hospital. It
seems they just clicked at first sight. The same as when I found
you.”
“Uh, uh-huh. I wonder just how they clicked…”
“Mmm. Then shall I quote everything Fuko said? ‘If the
strength of a certain button being pushed inside me was a hundred points with Corvus, it was two hundred with Uiui, but it was
a thousand with Rin. The instant I saw her, I knew I had to train
her.’”
“She. Said that?” Haruyuki replied, in a hoarse voice. If she
would shove him off the top of the old Tokyo Tower when he had
a hundred of whatever points, then what kind of training exactly
would she inflict on Rin with a thousand? Simply imagining it
was frightening.
However, Kuroyukihime then added something unthinkable
with a wry smile. “Incidentally, according to Fuko, I was a hundred thousand points at the time we met. I suppose I should be
glad that I am not her child but her friend instead.”
“Sh-she. Said that?”
Kuroyukihime and Fuko had been friends since they were both
low level, so he guessed that they had probably been in elementary or junior high school when they met. He could even imagine,
from looking at the current Kuroyukihime, what kind of child she
had been.
“I—I wish I could have met you ages ago, too. We could’ve
done so much together as members of the old Nega Nebulus,”
Haruyuki muttered to himself, and Kuroyukihime popped her
head up.

Centimeters away from his face, she peered into his eyes.
“What are you talking about? At that time, there would have been
no points of contact between you and me in the real, so the possibility’s stronger that far from Legion members, we would have
first encountered each other as enemies.”
“Oh! R-right. I guess so.” Haruyuki began to hang his head despondently, but slender fingers held his cheeks back.
“Well, in that case, I likely would have done whatever it took to
recruit you into the same army. If it really had been like that—in
other words, if I had invited you to transfer when you belonged to
the Legion of a different king, what would you have done?”
The question sounded like a joke, but at the same time, there
was something serious hiding deep within it, causing Haruyuki to
falter momentarily. However, he soon returned Kuroyukihime’s
gaze from a slight diagonal. “I think I would have moved to the
Black King’s Legion, no matter how hard I had to work,” he
replied. “I’m not just saying that, either. I guess Taku—Cyan Pile
—got into some seriously real trouble when he was transferring
from the Blue Legion, Leonids, to Nega Nebulus last fall. I keep
asking him, but he won’t actually tell me the details. I’m sure I’d
do that, too, though. I mean, even if you weren’t my parent or my
Legion Master, Kuroyukihime—Black King, Black Lotus, you’re
my…”
He was speaking in earnest, but here he came upon the limits
of his linguistic powers. If he had been typing with the text editor
in his Neurolinker, the predictive engine would have displayed a
list of appropriate words for him, but right now, he had to find
them himself. After opening and closing his mouth several times,
Haruyuki finally declared, “You’re my hope.”
It was how he truly felt, completely and honestly. Kuroyukihime let her gaze wander for a bit as if she was thinking, and then
a smile that was half-happy, half-complicated rose up on her face.

“Hope, hmm? Welcome words. But that is the very thing I
would say to you. Actually, I believe I’ve said it to you any number of times since we met. Haruyuki, I’ve told you you’re the
fastest Burst Linker in the Accelerated World and that someday
you’ll surpass even the kings and reach the source of that world.
Yes. And I believe I also said this.”
Here, the tiniest bit of color bled into the snow-white features
of the black-clad beauty as she turned her body for the third time
and wound both arms around Haruyuki’s neck, pulling their bodies together.
Her cool touch, sweet, refreshing scent, and supple elasticity
sent an overload signal racing through his sensory system. And
then she struck the final blow.
“Haruyuki…I like you.”
He was seriously on the verge of passing out at the shock, so great
he could even believe some of the circuits in his brain actually
burned out, but at the last minute, he managed to avoid a system
outage.
“I like Silver Crow of the Accelerated World and Haruyuki
Arita of the real world the same amount,” Kuroyukihime continued, her words flowing into his right ear with a light sigh. “With
these feelings as a guidepost, I was able to stand up once again as
a Burst Linker and come this far. That itself is indeed…a true miracle, going far beyond the Incarnate System or anything like it. It
seems I could do anything if it was for you, and I now believe I
can go anywhere if you are holding my hand.”
“…Kuro. Yukihime.” It was all Haruyuki could do to murmur
her name in reply. He wasn’t worth anyone telling him they liked
him—he was now finally able to brush aside this extremely negative self-definition, but even so, it wasn’t as though that instantly
made him capable of calmly accepting such a declaration.

And—although thinking about another girl in this situation
was an absolutely unforgivable sin—two and a half hours earlier
on that very day, when he had been glued to Ash Roller’s realworld self Rin Kusakabe, that girl had also told him in the most
straightforward way that she liked him. The experience of having
two girls confess their feelings of affection to him one after another on the same day was nearly impossible for Haruyuki’s brain
to even process, much less accept.
His mind on the verge of complete burnout, he wondered exactly to what extent the law of cause and effect would have to be
twisted to allow for this to happen. And then, abruptly, he understood.
It was all because Haruyuki had tried to disappear, of course,
in front of his Legion comrades. In full view of his war buddies.
From the Accelerated World itself. To extend a hand and hold
him back, his most frequently fought rival, Rin Kusakabe, and the
person he had spent the most time with, the swordmaster
Kuroyukihime, were turning feelings, priceless like gems, into
words and letting Haruyuki hear them.
I am a fortunate person. Is there any other Burst Linker—no,
junior high kid—as fortunate as me? he whispered in a corner of
his heart. The thought was, for Haruyuki, as revelatory as being
reborn into this world.
All this time, he had hated himself. He had loathed himself.
He had been glad of the smiles and feelings his friends—Kuroyukihime, his Legion comrades, Niko, Pard, Ash Roller—turned toward him, but he had come along thinking he didn’t have the
right to really respond without changing how he looked and how
he was inside.
But, in that moment, for the first time, Haruyuki thought,
Maybe I’m okay the way I am. He still didn’t have enough mental energy to say so definitively, but someday…someday, the time
would come when he could honestly be positive about himself…

“Kuroyukihime…I— Me, too,” he murmured hoarsely, and
moved to gently place his hand on her slender shoulder. But he
couldn’t do it. And his mouth, too, stopped before it could get any
other words out.
Because someday might never come for Haruyuki. If they
couldn’t purify Silver Crow—no, Haruyuki himself, more than
half-fused with the Armor of Catastrophe, he would no longer be
a Burst Linker whether he went and lost all his points alone at the
end of the world or he was done in by assassins of the Six Kings.
And at that time, he would probably lose a large part of his memories and feelings related to Kuroyukihime, including even the
sad ache filling his heart at that moment.
But even if my memories are erased, the truth can’t be erased.
The fact that Kuroyukihime said she likes me. The fact that I was
able to think of myself as fortunate. So even after everything is
all over, these facts will encourage me and guide me. Like a gem
in the palm of my hand, even if I don’t know why I have it.
At this thought, two of the tears he had been trying so desperately to hold back spilled out of his eyes. They fell from the corners of his eyes onto the cheek of Kuroyukihime, pressing her
head against his chest.
And then the slender arms wrapped around his neck doubled
the strength of their grip. At the same time, a voice that was almost soundless said, “Haruyuki. You belong to me. I will not give
up. I cannot tolerate losing you. Absolutely not.”
She announced it as if carving each word into both of their
hearts and slowly lifted her face. On those pale cheeks, a trail separate from the tears Haruyuki had shed glittered silver, slipping
out from her own eyes. The two of them were so close, they were
on the verge of touching, and her lips trembled.
“Even with Utai-class purification—with the most powerful
purifying ability in the Accelerated World—it’s a big gamble as to

whether or not the Armor can be cut free now that it’s fused with
you. I crossed swords with that berserker more than once, and
even I couldn’t see the bottom of the darkness it contained.”
Haruyuki held his breath and let the words pour into him.
Kuroyukihime stared into his eyes and continued in a voice that
had regained a little of its tension.
“But there is possibly one way to increase the chances of success for the purification. In a certain situation, the activation of
the negative will of the former Disasters always decreased. And
that was…immediately after a fierce battle with a powerful
enemy. And not simply a fight to the death where hatred slams up
against hatred, but a fight that could be called a true duel, an exchange of high-level techniques and Incarnate on both sides. Do
you remember? When you and I and the little red girl challenged
the fifth Disaster, immediately after that close-range battle we
fought body and soul? He was unable to dodge Rain’s main armament and was seriously injured. Normally, the Disaster would
have repelled that attack with just his aura.”
Now that she mentioned it, he did have the feeling that the
fifth, aka Cherry Rook, seemed different at the turning point of
the ferocious sword fight with the Black King. And without a reason like that, he wouldn’t have tried to run away from Haruyuki,
when he had only just made it to level four and didn’t even know
how to use Incarnate.
There was no need to even go back to the fifth. The current
status of Haruyuki, the sixth, indeed supported this hypothesis.
He took a deep breath before nodding twice, then three times,
and opening his mouth. “Kuroyukihime, maybe that’s the reason
that I can be here like this as my regular self.”
“Oh?”
“Um, before, I didn’t really tell you all the details at the house,
but I said I got into a fight with members of another Legion at

Roppongi Hills in the Unlimited Neutral Field, right?” He closed
his mouth for a minute and swallowed hard before announcing
the rest. “My opponent was, um, a senior member of Great Wall. I
guess they’re called the Six Armors? Um, this level seven named
Iron Pound—”
“What? ‘Fists’ Pound from GW?!”
“Oh! Y-you know him?” he asked.
“Do I know him?!” Kuroyukihime moved her arms while his
head was still turned and yanked on his ears with both hands.
“He’s an old enemy of ‘Strong Arm’ Raker. One of the legends of
the Accelerated World is how Pound knuckled under and got a
flying tool just to shoot Fuko out of the air.”
“Oh, that rocket punch was for that…”
It made sense. He nodded and quickly thought back: He had
been told ages ago about the relationship between Sky Raker and
the Prominence deputy Blood Leopard, fierce enemies on the surface and friends below it, but apparently, Raker had also dangled
the Leonids’ deputies Cobalt Blade and Manganese Blade from
the top of the government building in Shinjuku. And on top of
that, she had also clashed loudly with the Aurora Oval deputy
Aster Vine. Just how many old enemies did she actually have…?
A chill ran up his spine, and Haruyuki brought his straying
thoughts back on track. When he met Kuroyukihime’s eyes, a
faint, wry smile crossed her face.
“So once again you happen to meet something incredible. I
see,” she murmured. “You fought Fists, then, did you?”
“Oh! Um, it wasn’t just Pound…”
“What? Other members of the Six Armors were there, too? It
couldn’t have been someone higher up than Fists?”

“I guess you could call him higher-up.” With Kuroyukihime
still clutching his ears gently, Haruyuki ever-so-nervously gave
voice to the name. “Th-the Green King, Green Grandé, was also
there. And I don’t know, things just happened…”
Kuroyukihime yanked hard to stretch out Haruyuki’s earlobes.
“Whoa,” she commanded, in a fairly strained voice. “You can’t
mean…? D-did you fight? That shield man as well?”
“Sort of. Really, we just smashed sword and shield together
once.”
The swordmaster let out a long, thin breath as she released
Haruyuki’s auricles, which bounced back like rubber. Winding
her arms around his neck once more, she stroked the back of his
head. “I had intended to not be surprised at your recklessness at
this late stage, but…So if you brought your sword down on it,
then you got hit with the extra effect of that great shield Strife,
yes? Incredible you made it out all right.”
“E-extra effect? What kind of power is that?”
“The shield takes in any attack and counters with double the
power. In other words, the only way to break the defensive barrier of that shield is to get rid of it in a single super, superpowerful blow, or to create gaps through endless, successive attacks and
aim for the main body of the avatar. Although I have no memory
of seeing either of these succeed.”
“C-counter? Maybe. It did. Probably.” That moment where he
fought sword against shield, Incarnate against Incarnate, with the
Green King as his opponent felt like the long-distant past, but
even so, a chill ran through him. “But that force probably all went
into the air around us. We sent half of Mori Tower flying.”
“Mm-hmm. So that was that explosion, then? We saw it from
the southern bridge of the Castle.”

Haruyuki thought for a minute and then shook his head in tiny
increments. “No. I think that was probably something else. After
the battles with Pound and the Green King, another big thing
happened…but I’ll tell you about that after. I want to go back a
bit. Before, you said that if the Armor of Catastrophe fights an intense battle with a strong enemy, its activity drops for a while,
right? That’s exactly where I am right now, I think. The Beast that
lives in the Armor’s asleep. It’s drowsy because it fought both
members of GW so ferociously and squeezed out the last drop of
Incarnate. Which is why I could talk with R—Ash normally and
why I can be here like this with you now. But at some point—no,
definitely tomorrow—it’s going to wake up. And then it’ll try to
get me to go hunting for fights. Whether or not I can resist that
and stay myself…to be honest, I…have my doubts…”
For Haruyuki, being able to conclude such a long speech without stammering—and while he was holding and being held by the
person he adored most in the world—was a fairly difficult task.
But he was unaware of this as he finished speaking, and Kuroyukihime, who had simply listened quietly, smiled faintly, for some
reason.
“Mmm. That’s a wonderful theoretical analysis. I believe that’s
true myself. In which case, in order to succeed in the purification
tomorrow, there is just one action we should take now.”
“Huh? A-a-a-a-a-a-action…Wh-wh-wh-what do you mean?”
Haruyuki stammered and spat with a force strong enough to cancel out his earlier long speech.
Kuroyukihime smiled again before manipulating her virtual
desktop with quick movements.
Next to them, something gradually rose up with a whine from
the natural wood flooring where there had previously been nothing. The cylindrical device, about fifteen centimeters in diameter
and fifty centimeters high, was probably an integrated terminal
connected to the house’s home server. Normally, this device was

used to control household appliances without a Neurolinker, but
Kuroyukihime apparently used it in a different way. She pulled a
wind-up XSB cable from the middle of the small tower and inserted the end into her Neurolinker.
“Haruyuki, you burst out because of the forced disconnection
on the roof of Roppongi Hills, yes?”
At the abrupt and unexpected question, all he could do was
nod dumbly.
“Mmm. Then five—no, three seconds. After I accelerate and
three seconds pass, pull the cable out.”
“Huh? Um. What exactly—?”
“I’ll explain later. Understand? I’m counting on you. Unlimited Burst.” The command was uttered nonchalantly, and then
Kuroyukihime’s body slumped down, lifeless.
Haru didn’t know what was what anymore, but at any rate, all
he could do was follow her instruction. The instant the digital
digits in the lower right of his field of view increased by three, he
yanked the plug from the piano-black Neurolinker.
Kuroyukihime’s eyes flew open before him. “I’m back,
Haruyuki,” she said with a serious face.
“Um, Kuroyukihime, I have no idea what is even—”
“What do you mean? Isn’t it obvious? I moved from Suginami
to Roppongi Hills in the Unlimited Neutral Field.”
“H-huh?!” Unconsciously, he cried out wildly. The command
he’d heard earlier was indeed definitely the one to dive into the
Unlimited Neutral Field. But even if it was a world where the
mind was accelerated by a thousand, three seconds of real time
was still a mere fifty minutes on that side. In a world where taxis
and the like didn’t exist, you’d have to run from Asagaya to Rop-

pongi, and really kill yourself running as hard as you—
No, no. That’s not what he should have been thinking about.
The real question was why Kuroyukihime did it. And the answer
was self-evident, wasn’t it? To rendezvous with Haruyuki on the
other side.
“Y-you can’t, Kuroyukihime! Once I dive into the Unlimited
Neutral Field, the Beast could wake up at any—”
“That’s why,” she asserted, deadly serious. “That’s why we’re
going.” She pulled a second cable out from the integrated terminal. As she brought it to Haruyuki’s neck, their faces also grew
closer. When he could feel her sweet breath, a voice clearer than
neurospeak came at him.
“Haruyuki. While you and I are parent and child, we are also
master and student. In which case, at some point, the time definitely comes. And that time is now. You needn’t this development
or the results. All you have to do is stand in front of me, just as
you are now.”
“Kuroyukihime.” As he said her name in a voice that was not
quite a voice, Haruyuki earnestly tried to move his frozen head
from side to side.
What she was saying was perfectly clear.
Fight. They would fight. If the Beast living in the Armor of Catastrophe used up some kind of energy through intense fighting,
then the Black King herself would be his duel opponent and guide
the Beast into a certain slumber until the purification mission the
next evening. However…however…
“I— Around the time I became a Burst Linker, I made a decision. That I would never fight you, no matter what happened.
That if it came to that, then I would uninstall Brain Burst of my
own will,” Haruyuki argued fiercely, sounding like a child on the

verge of tears.
Kuroyukihime smiled gently, wryly, and patted his head admonishingly. “Although it is indeed a fight, it’s different from a
conflict fueled by hatred. It’s a duel. The sole and greatest reason
Brain Burst exists. Or…” Puffing out her cheeks slightly, she
added, “…are you saying you can duel Ash Roller—I mean, Rin
Kusakabe—but you can’t duel me?”
“N-no, it’s not like tha—”
“Listen. There is indeed something in the Accelerated World
that has to be communicated not in words, but with fists and
swords and bullets. And now that I’m thinking about it, didn’t
you yourself seek out a duel with me the night before the Hermes’
Cord race? You told me many, many precious things then, not in
words, but with both fists. Now, it’s my turn to tell you what I
have to say. As your parent.”
“…Kuro…yukihime…” All kinds of feelings welled up in his
heart, and all Haruyuki could do was groan.
Kuroyukihime nodded with a kind smile before gently inserting into Haruyuki’s Neurolinker the plug of the second XSB cable
she pulled out of the integrated terminal. “Now, me, too,” she
urged.
Haruyuki finally realized he was still clutching the first XSB
cable. Even though his heart was in chaos, his fingers moved on
autopilot, and the plug clumsily approached Kuroyukihime’s
Neurolinker.
She accepted the connection with eyelids closed, and the wired
connection warning had no sooner disappeared than she was
murmuring in a low voice, smile still on her lips, “We go on the
count of five. If we both make it back safely…” Her lips kept moving, but he couldn’t catch the words they made.

After a pause, a louder voice began to neatly carve out the
time. “Now then, starting the countdown. Five, four, three, two,
one.”
If he shouted the command now, he might not be able to come
back as himself again. Full of resolve and indecision in equal
measure, Haruyuki braced himself and quietly said with
Kuroyukihime:
“Unlimited Burst.”

8
Forty-five years had already passed since the completion of construction on Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, but it remained an
enormous building poking its head far above the rest of the buildings in the Akasaka neighborhood. The roof was six thousand
square meters, much larger than the sports grounds at Umesato
Junior High. With a height of two hundred thirty-eight meters, it
fell short of Tokyo Midtown Tower soaring up to the northeast by
ten meters, but the floor area was one and a half times that other
giant.
Thus, the superb view that leapt into existence the second he
opened his eyes stole his soul for a moment or two. Perhaps best
called an enormous sky garden, walls and pillars reminiscent of
Greek ruins were scattered around, made of a white, porcelainlike
limestone. Small flowers he didn’t know the name of sprang up in
the cracks and crumbling bases of the stone, and clouds drifted
leisurely through the sky, shining madder red. Off near the horizon in the western distance was the sun, a large gold coin.
A Twilight stage, a “natural” stage with earth attributes. Its
features were: terrain objects that were easily shattered; though
apparently entirely comprised of stone, many things were flammable; and surprisingly dark in areas of cover. Nothing particularly spectacular.
However, for Haruyuki, this place had personal significance.
Last fall, a time he would never forget, he had been given the
key to another world by a black spangle butterfly who descended
suddenly before him, and the first place they had visited was this
land of eternal dusk. That butterfly had reached a hand out to

Haruyuki, who was obstinately hanging his head, and asked, “Do
these virtual two meters feel that far to you?”
Yesterday, eight months after that day, when they direct-dueled in the nurse’s room at Umesato Junior High, Kuroyukihime
had shown Haruyuki a modest, but true, miracle. She had denied
the attributes of her own duel avatar through the Incarnate System—the phenomenon of overwriting—and changed the sword of
her right hand into five slender fingers. The newly born “hand”
shattered in a mere seventeen seconds, but that Incarnate in and
of itself was nothing but a loud declaration: That Kuroyukihime
herself would also close the two meters from that day in the past.
This thought drifting through his mind, Haruyuki started to
shift his gaze to seek out Kuroyukihime. However, immediately
before that, he realized he had forgotten the thing he should be
checking first and foremost.
He hurriedly raised his hands and stared at his spread fingers.
Silver Crow’s ten fingers—normally so slender that it was hard to
believe he was a hand-to-hand combat type—had doubly thick
armor and tapered into claws at the ends. They were basically in
the same condition as when he direct-dueled with Rin Kusakabe
before. He next checked the form and color of his body and found
that these, too, were about the same as three hours earlier, a mix
of 80 percent Crow and 20 percent Disaster. Finally, he closed his
eyes and focused on the center of his spine deep within his consciousness, but it seemed that the Beast that lay there was still
dozing. He couldn’t perceive its piercing pain, or its low howl.
“Just stay asleep like that a little longer,” Haruyuki murmured,
as he lifted his face and once again surveyed his surroundings.
The roof of Mori Tower was large, but due to the terrain effects
of the Twilight stage, countless pillars and stone walls covered it
in a labyrinthine configuration, and Haru couldn’t see all the way
to the other side. Clearing his ears, he couldn’t hear anything besides the howl of the desolate wind blowing.

“Kuroyukihime?” Haruyuki called out to the person he was
waiting for in a slightly tense voice. But he couldn’t see a single
active object, much less obsidian armor. But now that he thought
about it, Kuroyukihime had said simply that she’d moved from
Suginami to the roof here in Roppongi Hills; it would have been
impossible for her to precisely grasp the position where he would
appear. She had to be somewhere in the maze searching for him
just like he was her.
With this thought, Haruyuki started walking along the narrow
path between the chalky stone walls. Unlike the main tower
building, the decorative walls and pillars were likely not very
strong, so he might have been able to smash through them in a
straight line, but he seriously hesitated to do so. The rare Twilight
stage was, for him, a place to memorialize, a sacred space.
The path hit a wall soon enough and branched off to both
sides. He turned right on a hunch. Taking care not to step on the
small flowers blooming on the left and right of the cobblestone
path, he headed toward what he thought was the center of the
roof. He turned right several more times, and then left, and then
he slipped through a crumbling arch to find a plaza about twenty
meters in diameter, slightly lower than the surrounding area.
The center of the roof of the real Mori Tower was also a heliport, a meter lower than the wooden deck around it. So this was
probably the center. Of course, there was no H mark for the heliport; instead, a dozen or so pillars stood in a ring. In the center of
these there was a remarkably thick, tall pillar; water flowed
smoothly from the top of it, and at its base was a shallow pond.
He stepped down into the plaza as if pulled in and walked over
to the central pillar. He brought his hand up to the wet limestone
surface, and just as he was about to touch it—
“Crow.” He heard a low, calm voice call his name from the
other side of the pillar.

“Oh! K-Kuroyukihime!” Is this where you were? he was about
to say, moving around the pillar, but the voice continued and held
him back.
“Stop. Don’t move, just listen.”
“Huh…? O-okay.”
The diameter of the pillar standing in the center of the plaza
was, generously speaking, eighty centimeters at best. She might
have been small, but with her design emphasizing the edged areas
of her limbs, Black Lotus would have had to strain to hide completely behind this pillar. Unintentionally imagining how she
looked, all scrunched up, Haruyuki stopped in place.
“Silver Crow. I’ve been thinking for a long time about how I
can help you now that you’re parasitized by the Armor of Catastrophe.” Kuroyukihime’s voice came from the other side of the
stone pillar once more, with just the slightest bit of a flat echo, as
though she were deliberately suppressing any intonation. Haru
held his breath and waited for her to continue. “I examined several ideas, but this did seem to be the best method. Crow. Unfortunately, you have become too great a danger now. For the Legion, for the Accelerated World, and for me.”
“…K-Kuro…yukihime…?” An inexpressible confusion. The
words she uttered did in fact express reality, but that way of
speaking, somehow businesslike—no, even cold…
“Thus, this is my decision. Disappear from this world.”
The completely emotionless voice slammed into his ears from
the other side of the pillar.
At basically the same time, something pierced the thick limestone before him and reached out in a straight line. A sharp, black
blade. A sword— No, the Black King’s hand.

Dumbfounded, Haruyuki stared at the ebony tip aimed precisely at the center of his own chest, the most critical point for a
duel avatar. His thoughts stopped, and he had no sensation in his
limbs. But perhaps his body reacted on its own; he leaned his
torso to the left a mere five centimeters.
Whuk.
With a very modest impact, the black blade plunged deeper
and deeper into the right side of Silver Crow’s chest, until it came
out through his back.
An instant of a chilly, cool sensation. And then—an incandescent, fierce pain.
“Unh…Ah!” A hoarse cry slipped out of him, and he focused
every bit of his strength in his legs to jump straight backward.
The sword slid out of his chest, giving rise to a new round of pain,
and the bright-red light of the damage effect in the air shimmered
like fresh blood. He staggered, bathed in that light, and plunged
his left knee into the ground.
Although he had evaded a direct hit to his heart, he had taken
serious damage to his torso, and his health gauge abruptly
dropped over 20 percent. Naturally, his special-attack gauge was
also charged by an amount corresponding to the damage, but
there was one other obvious change inside him.
….GRAAAR.
A low howl. The first drop of the molten iron, the red-hot rage
that was about to spill out of him. The Beast was waking up.
Haruyuki hadn’t managed to dodge—albeit by only a few centimeters—the black blade’s surprise attack by chance or his own
reflexive action. The Beast had moved his duel avatar.
“Kuro…yukihime…why…!” Haruyuki squeezed a voice out,
pressing his right hand to the wound on his chest—or holding

back the rage of the Beast trying to gush out from it. “Why…
would you…?!”
It was true that they had dropped into the Unlimited Neutral
Field to fight. However, this—the surprise attack, not letting him
see her—had simply fanned the Beast’s rage and called it to complete wakefulness.
Wait. Did Kuroyukihime ever have any intention of dueling?
Was her plan all along to bring him into the Accelerated World,
beat him down, and solve this problem in one fell swoop with the
Judgment Blow?
GRAAAAR…ENEMY…IF THIS IS AN ENEMY…THEN ONLY…SLAUGHTER…
EVEN IF…THAT IS YOUR PARENT, a creaking voice echoed forlornly in
the depths of Haru’s mind. He could no longer stop the Beast’s
awakening.
But down on one knee, body curled up into itself, Haruyuki
started speaking desperately to the pseudo-intelligence living
within him. Wait, Beast! You’re wrong. You’re totally wrong!
Exactly. It was wrong. He couldn’t believe that the voice calling to him from the other side of the pillar and the blade that
pierced his chest belonged to anyone other than Black Lotus,
but…even still, it was wrong. She wouldn’t say that. She wouldn’t
do that. So then, someone was faking the Black King’s voice and
techniques. That was the only conclusion—no, the truth.
Haruyuki slowly stood up and glanced down at his body as his
armor darkened with the awakening of the Beast. “Come out from
behind that pillar ple—I mean, come out! Who are you?!” he
shouted resolutely.
Momentarily, the wind stopped as if afraid, and even the flowers at his feet hid their faces.
Finally, a smooth voice. “It’s sad, Crow. You hear my voice

with those ears, feel my technique with that body, and still, you
can still ask a question like that.”
The chalky pillars in the center of the roof of Mori Tower
shone golden in the Twilight stage, illuminated by the setting sun
from the right, with the left side sinking into shadow to create a
strong contrast. From that shadow, a silhouette stepped out
smoothly, silently.
A face mask that tapered into a V from both sides. Armor skirt
patterned after the petals of a water lily around the incredibly
slender waist. Arms and legs in the form of long swords. And the
Armor of the entire body a real black, more concentrated than the
shadow.
“…That…” Haruyuki felt a pitch-black despair drop into his
heart. And like a drop of ink in a glass of water, the darkness
seeped into the interior of his avatar.
The volume of the Beast’s howl increased in step with this
stain. Kree, kree. With a dry metal creaking, his hands and feet
grew larger into claws. The protrusions on either side of his forehead shot out abruptly, and his visor began to shift into something resembling the maw of a wild animal.
But unaware of the changes coming over him, Haruyuki simply continued to stare at the jet-black duel avatar standing in the
shadow of the pillar.
That form. And no avatar besides the Black King had that coloring. So then, those words before, were they Black Lotus’s true
feelings—Kuroyukihime’s? Those cold words, announcing she
would cut away Silver Crow—no, Haruyuki Arita—as a dangerous element and eliminate him from the Accelerated World…?
Skreenk! His limbs transformed into thick, blackish-silver
armor with sharp edges. The top and bottom halves of the visor
enclosing his round helmet had already finished generating; all

that was left was for him to bring the fang-shaped serrations together and bite down hard.
THAT IS THE ENEMY. OUR ENEMY. CALL THE SWORD. BOIL WITH
FLAMES! the Beast commanded Haruyuki, with an increasingly
clear voice.
But still, Haruyuki gritted his teeth beneath his visor and
shook his head slightly. “No. I can’t accept that. I don’t believe it.
That’s not Kuroyukihime,” he groaned, half talking to himself.
The voice, the form, and even the color might have been those of
the Black King, but that was not Black Lotus—Kuroyukihime. His
instincts, his soul, were screaming it.
The pronounced shadow of the large pillar, characteristic of
the Twilight stage, swallowed up all details and painted over
everything, obstructed his vision—no, all five of his senses. The
avatar that looked like the Black King did not move, instead keeping her body sunk in the darkness, as if she was trying to flee the
light. He felt something artificial in it.
Wasn’t there any way to make her move away from the
shadow, even if only for a moment? Smash the pillar— No. If he
carried out any physical attack now, the Disasterfication would be
completed instantly. Don’t destroy it; illuminate it. With a new,
powerful light.
Beast. Let me just check. Don’t get in the way of me activating
my Incarnate, he murmured, and the pseudo-intelligence howled
with dissatisfaction.
GRAAAAR…IF THAT WILL ALLOW YOU TO CONFIRM THIS IS THE ENEMY,
THEN DO AS YOU WISH.
…Yeah…I’ll confirm it. Exactly what that is, there.
Haruyuki slowly turned the five fingers of his right hand,
transformed into sinister claws, toward the Black King of the

darkness—it was a movement like he was bracing to withstand an
intense destructive impact. But in contrast, his heart was calm
like the surface of a lake. He probably only had one chance, one
moment. He had to focus on the image, activate, and release in
less time than ever before.
Light. The image of light. He mustered up every ounce of concentration from every corner of his body to focus on the mental
image that was the source of his Laser Sword, the Incarnate technique he had shot off any number of times in the past and condensed in the depths of his right hand. This image, honed so
small and sharp that it didn’t even generate an overlay—he had to
release it all at once!
“Light!!” he shouted out unconsciously. At the same time, a
pure white light jetted out from the right hand of the more-thanhalf-Disasterfied Silver Crow, until it illuminated the world.
That was when Haruyuki saw it.
The form was indeed exactly that of the Black King. But it was
a form that took shape only when seen from a very limited angle.
In other words, it had no depth. The swords of the four limbs, the
Armor patterned after flower petals, it was all just cut from panels thinner than paper—a shadow picture. The avatar perfectly resembled Black Lotus in the darkness, but this was its true form,
exposed in the momentary flash of light.
“You— Who are you?!” Haruyuki cried, thrusting the talons of
his right hand out.
The shadow avatar, sinking back into the darkness created by
the pillar, didn’t move, as if it had been burned in place by the
strobe light. In the gloom, it really was an almost perfect copy of
Black Lotus, but now that he had seen its true form, he realized it
was different from the Black King in one important way. Normally, the tips of the Black King’s toes floated a couple centimeters above the ground, since she usually moved by hovering. But

the points of the shadow avatar’s feet were digging into the
ground slightly. A minute, but decisive, difference.
Even bathed in Haruyuki’s unflinching gaze, whoever it was
who was pretending to be the king maintained their silence for a
few more seconds, but finally, perhaps deciding that any further
deception was impossible, they leisurely spread out the swords of
both arms—or rather, the thin, weak panels patterned after them.
At the same time, a voice:
“I’ve underestimated you. The fact that you still use the Incarnate of the first quadrant although the Armor has penetrated you
so deeply means you’ve grown, hmm?”
The tone was again basically a perfect reproduction of
Kuroyukihime’s in the Accelerated World. But the choice of
words and the intonation made Haruyuki’s memory ache uncomfortably. He had the feeling that he had met someone who talked
like this somewhere, sometime before. It was—Right, in the Unlimited Neutral Field…in a stage colored in the same thick shadows…
“You…you…” Almost at the same time as Haruyuki moaned
quietly, the dangerous thoughts of the Beast sounded in the
depths of his head.
YOU. ARE. YOU ARE…THAT. THAT TIME…
Even faced with the hostile gaze containing the animosity of
two beings, the shadow avatar stood calmly in place—or rather,
was pasted there. Bringing down the extended arms in a slightly
mechanical motion, he launched into another monologue.
“Coming into contact with you Black Legionnaires here was
entirely unexpected. But, well, this sort of opportunity doesn’t
come along too often, does it? Metatron on the Midtown Tower
was raging after three days of quiet, so I was on standby just in
case, when I was surprised by unexpected guests.”

The tone, aloof and somehow reminiscent of a teacher giving a
lecture, stung at Haru’s memory sharply once more, but a physical unease great enough to override this moved Haruyuki’s
mouth. “You were on standby?”
Metatron—“Archangel Metatron”—was the Legend-class
Enemy guarding Tokyo Midtown Tower, which soared up five
hundred meters to the northeast. Haruyuki had indeed seen the
terrifying, invisible monster use a dreadnought laser attack to
create a massive crater in the urban center of Roppongi in reaction to the rocket punch launched by Iron Pound. Most likely, the
shadow avatar before him had hidden himself here on the roof of
Mori Tower, a position that allowed easy monitoring of the other
skyscraper, in order to search out whoever had caused the monster to attack.
But in reality, that was impossible.
Haruyuki had seen Metatron attack about three hours ago in
real-world time. So, in the Unlimited Neutral Field, it had already
been three thousand hours since then. One hundred twenty-five
days had actually passed. No one could possibly wait for a hazy
something for that massive amount of time without even sleeping.
The instant his thoughts got to this point, Haruyuki belatedly
remembered he had been shocked once before in the same way.
The final battle in the Unlimited Neutral Field with Dusk
Taker, a powerful enemy who had stolen Silver Crow’s silver
wings. Despite the fact that Haruyuki and Takumu had taken the
greatest measures to keep Dusk Taker from breaking his promise
and setting up an ambush, people were already lying in wait on
the Umesato Junior High grounds, where the fight was to take
place.
Dusk Taker had triumphantly told the tale to an astonished
Haruyuki and friends. About how he was the only one in the Ac-

celerated World who could stay on standby for incredibly long
times. Because he was the only one who could stop the acceleration of his thoughts during a burst link due to the brain implant
chip in his head, the lone “deceleration” user…
“You…you’re…” Whirling to face the two-dimensional avatar,
thin like a paper cutout, Haruyuki called out in a creaking voice:
“…Vice president of the Acceleration Research Society…Black
Vise!!”
The instant he heard the name, the shadow avatar held his right
hand up in front of his chest, bent at the waist, and bowed courteously.
His entire body then neatly rotated ninety degrees on the pivot
of the toes of his right foot, which dug lightly into the ground. Because his every part was made of extremely thin panels, at this
angle, he looked to Haruyuki’s eyes like nothing more than a single line. But Haruyuki didn’t get the chance to look too closely;
the thin pieces separated once more into ten or so panels on each
side and lined up neatly with a few centimeters between them.
What was produced was a “layered” avatar, like a detailed radiation fin cut out into the shape of a person. This was nothing other
than the true form of Black Vise, the avatar who had once made
Haruyuki and his friends suffer so terribly with his unusual powers.
Vise was still courteously bent forward, right arm at his chest,
but unlike when he was the fake Lotus, his left arm was missing
from its socket. Still, he wasn’t injured…This strange avatar had
the ability to freely detach the panels that made up his body and
manipulate them over long distances. If he’d activated that ability
now, then his target was likely…
“You…her, the Black King, what did you…?”

The fact that the real Kuroyukihime still hadn’t shown up on
the roof of the tower like she was supposed to no doubt meant
that Black Vise had gotten to her first. Haruyuki started toward
Vise to press the question, when—

Suddenly, a fierce, red-hot pain pierced the center of his spine.
“Graaaaaaaar!!”
Haruyuki didn’t know whether the tremendous roar of rage
sounded in his mind alone, or if it actually jetted out from his
mouth. But the next time, definitely in his head, he heard the
crazed howling of the Beast.
YOU…KILL! KILL! KILLKILLKILLKILL!
Haruyuki staggered at the incredible explosion of negative
thought, as though something had slammed into him physically.
At the same time, scenes flashed across his view in quick succession.
A large mortar-shaped hole dug out of the ground. A femaletype avatar with golden-yellow armor standing at the bottom, restrained by a jet-black cross.
From the deep hole next to the cross, the figure of a strange
snake slithered into view. With a mouth lined with countless
fangs, it ate the girl, chewing up her armor with a loud crunch.
On the edge of the basin, a couple dozen Burst Linkers silently
watched over the tragedy. In one corner, three shadows stood a
distance from the rest of the group. A small avatar with four eyes
that glittered eerily. An avatar cloaked completely in white light,
such that her actual form wasn’t visible. And a matte-black layered avatar, several thin plates put together in the shape of a person…
This figure burned into the Beast’s memory was overlaid perfectly on the Black Vise before his eyes.
Haruyuki felt a large amount of information flowing into his
mind like red-hot molten metal. Or maybe it existed within him

right from the start. The “dream” he had had two days earlier,
during the short nap he took after breaking into the Castle with
Utai Shinomiya…Forgotten until now, that long, sad dream—or
rather, all the memories of the first Disaster Chrome Falcon—
suddenly came back to life.
It’s him.
He was the one who had set a trap for the golden-yellow girl,
Saffron Blossom, the avatar who had held the ideal of zero total
point loss. He had had the hell snake Jormungand kill her over
and over and over. The very person who had brought about the
incident that twisted the sixth star of the Seven Arcs, the Destiny,
and the high-level Enhanced Armament Star Caster and turned
them into the Armor of Catastrophe, the Disaster, was actually
the Black Vise standing before him now.
“You…you…”
Now the Beast’s rage was Haruyuki’s. As if guided by an overwhelming urge to kill and destroy, the light armor covering his
body abruptly transformed into something blackish silver and
heavy, as a long tail slithered out from his back.
“You…killed Fron…!!” As he cried out, his facial visor came
down with a sharp metallic clank. His view was dyed a pale gray,
and only the figure of his enemy was set in sharp relief.
Even after Silver Crow had completed his transformation into
Chrome Disaster, the layered avatar continued to stand calmly
where he was. “Hmm. Very interesting,” he said to himself quietly, tilting just the thin panels of his head. “You know me—or,
rather, you remember me from the past?”
The voice was not the one that had sounded so much like
Kuroyukihime only moments earlier, but rather the low, relaxed
voice of the boy once more. It was extremely quiet, but
Haruyuki’s enhanced hearing clearly picked up the words uttered.

“How COULD I…forget…I HAVE continued to exist IN THIS world
IN ORDER TO kill YOU.” The halting words were no sooner spat out
than they turned into pure red flames and scorched the air.
Essentially, the reason the Armor of Catastrophe existed was
to obliterate all Burst Linkers. The source of that dreadful urge
was, of course, the death of Saffron Blossom. Blossom had had
the ideal of building a mutual burst-point-sharing system and removing the fear of total point loss from the Accelerated World.
For it, she was betrayed by thirty or more Burst Linkers, who set
a trap for her. So then, he would give them the elimination they
desired that resulted from total point loss. This resolve of the
first, Chrome Falcon, had become lodged in the Enhanced Armament and spurred those who wore the Armor after him to endless
slaughter.
However, in the end, the core of this massive, swollen compulsion was a hatred toward the three people who had orchestrated
Blossom’s tragedy. None of the three had shown themselves center stage in the more than seven years of real-world time since
that incident, and now Black Vise, the “restrainer,” happened to
run into Chrome Disaster in an awakened state.
The highly pressurized desire for vengeance caught fire, and
the tremendous, murderous urge that subsequently exploded in
him easily blew away what little control Haruyuki’s sense of reason held over the avatar. An aura of even more concentrated
darkness rising up from his dark silver armor, Haruyuki—no, the
sixth Disaster—took a heavy step forward.
“I WILL NOT STOP slicing you UP UNTIL YOUR body is TRANSFORMED
a pile of scraps,” Haruyuki said, words riding on incandescent breath, and raised his right hand high.
INTO

The beautiful madder-red sky of the Twilight stage suddenly
clouded over. Dark cumulonimbus clouds appeared from
nowhere and gathered together in a spiral, swathed in pale lightning. A remarkably fierce bolt of lightning appeared from the

center—the sword once called Star Caster, about to be summoned
to Haruyuki’s raised palm.
Black Vise moved.
The panels making up his right arm quickly slid in from the
outside as they sank into the shadows at his feet. With almost no
delay, two thin sheets gradually rose up from Haruyuki’s own
shadow to slam up against his avatar on both sides and tried to
catch him. He had been hit with this before. It was Vise’s restraint
attack, Static Pressure.
Haruyuki paused the summoning of his sword. “Flash Blink!”
he called out quickly.
When he had been pinned between these panels two months
earlier, the only way he had been able to escape was to crawl and
yank himself free, losing all the Armor on his torso in the process.
However, for the Haruyuki of the present, there was a way to
evade it without injury: the ability left in the Armor by the first,
aka Chrome Falcon—pseudo-teleportation. Long, long ago, Falcon himself had fled the super pressure of the thin panels with
this technique.
Haruyuki’s body turned into countless minuscule particles and
started to move forward at super-high speed.
Almost as if anticipating that reaction, Black Vise murmured,
“Hexahedral Compression.”
Haruyuki’s field of view was closed off by darkness. Though it
wasn’t that the light had been lost. No, a new panel had appeared
before him to block his way.
His avatar, a mass of particles charging forward, slammed into
the wall and bounced backward, rematerializing. As he staggered,
his back hit a panel that appeared behind him. Flash Blink was
basically almighty as a close-range movement ability, but it was

still not true teleportation. His particulate body couldn’t move to
a place unconnected to his starting point. There needed to be a
hole or gap it could pass through.
“Grar!” A cry of rage. Completely surrounded by matte-black
walls on all sides, Haruyuki had nowhere to go. So then: up. He
decided instantly and moved to jump. But perhaps this action
had been anticipated as well; with a bang, the gaps directly above
and below him were closed off with black lids.
All light was extinguished, and Haruyuki understood that he
was completely locked inside a rectangular box. And that wasn’t
all. The panels on all six sides were closing in on him with a slow
but certain movement. A fearsome pressure pushed against his
head, shoulders, chest, back, and the soles of his feet, and his
armor creaked fiercely, sparks flying.
“Gr…raaaaaar!” Howling, Haruyuki tried with all his might to
push back against the panels. Unlike the total speed-type Silver
Crow, Chrome Disaster was all-powerful, with a balance of speed
and strength. Haruyuki was currently incomparably stronger
than his former self. And yet the six panels didn’t even flex, almost as though they were the borders of the very world itself.
Then: He heard that voice, reminiscent of a young teacher
somehow.
“Crow—no, Disaster. Just like it seems to be for you, this is
also the second time I’ve seen this technique of yours. Before you
slipped out on me, you see? So I made a few adjustments.”
The voice seemed like it was coming from all six directions. In
fact, it likely was. It was the six panels themselves that were
speaking.
“Graar…Graaaaah!” At Vise’s composed words, Haruyuki—or
the Beast mentally fused with Haruyuki—emitted another roar.
He pressed the claws of his hands against the jet-black walls and

tried to rip through them. But even these claws, which had torn
through the Armor of any and every duel avatar, only scattered
futile sparks. If he had at least had his longsword at hand, he
might have been able to pierce the walls, but this enclosed space
apparently prevented the summoning of Enhanced Armament;
no matter how he called for it, there was no response.
Howling like a wild animal, Haruyuki beat furiously on the
walls with both hands and kicked with both feet. As if sympathetic to the out-of-control destroyer, the voice echoed gently
once more.
“It’s a little sooner than planned, but I’ll be collecting and analyzing this armor. Unfortunately, Crow, I’ll have to have you exit
the Accelerated World, but what you really want likely isn’t to
wander the Unlimited Neutral Field in this state, either. Well, depending on the intentions of the president, there might be another road, but…”
Thmm.
The rectangle enclosing Haruyuki sank straight down. A
deeply unpleasant sensation enveloped him, like both feet stepping into a lukewarm mucus. This was the “shadow.” Black Vise
was sinking into the shadow with Haruyuki trapped in the box, in
order to carry him somewhere.
A numbing cold spread out from his shadow-immersed feet
and stole the strength from his body. Fused with the Beast,
Haruyuki tried even now to rage, but the movement of his limbs
gradually lost force. The level of the shadow increased in the
blink of an eye, rising up to his thighs, his hips, his stomach.
Then, suddenly, a crimson line cut from left to right across the
center of Haruyuki’s field of view.
The extremely thin line of light kept going around the right
side, turned ninety degrees behind him, and then bent once more

to join up with its starting point. When the red thread all around
him disappeared, he could see the tiniest bit of the outside world
through a thin gap.
Abruptly, there came a crashing sound, like thick glass shattering, and the jet-black hexahedron holding Haruyuki crumbled.
Swallowed up to the chest by the shadow, he was shot out and
tumbled heavily across the white paving stones of the Twilight
stage.
Wide-open eyes caught his captor Black Vise standing straight,
right arm missing as well as his left.
And about ten meters away from him, standing quietly near
the western entrance to the circular plaza, was another black duel
avatar.
Four flowing swords. Hip armor patterned after a water lily’s
flower. A face mask reminiscent of a bird of prey on the verge of
taking flight. The silhouette strongly resembled the shadow produced earlier by Black Vise. But he lacked the ability to perfectly
re-create several features of this figure, standing in the golden
light of the evening sun.
First, the semitransparent armor that caught the afterglow
within itself and glittered beautifully, like black crystal. And the
eye lenses shining a bluish purple, filled with fierce resolve.
Finally, ten or twenty minutes behind Haruyuki’s dive, the real
Black King, head of the Legion Nega Nebulus, the traitor Black
Lotus, advanced about three meters in an easy hovering motion.
When he looked closely, the embers of a faint red aura twined
around the sword of her right arm. There was no doubt a longdistance attack had been launched from that sword to sever Vise’s
Hexahedral Compression and free Haruyuki.
However, the Black King stopped without so much as a glance
at the fallen Haruyuki, instead favoring the inky layered avatar

with a bloody gaze. Black Vise didn’t flinch, although just a look
from the Black King was enough to send a newbie into zero fill.
He smoothly moved armless shoulders up and down.
“I am indeed always surprised by you, hmm, Black King.” He
spoke leisurely, voice uncolored by nervousness or anything near
it. “Since you broke through so easily before, this time, I took the
initiative of completely restraining and rendering the swords of
your hands and feet ineffective, but…how on earth did you slip
out? Though it seems that it didn’t come without injury.”
Just as he said, the sword of Black Lotus’s left arm was cruelly
shattered about twenty centimeters from the tip. But more than
enough remained of the blade itself. If all four of her sword limbs
had indeed been held fast by some restraint created by Vise, then
she had, by some means, first destroyed her own left arm and
then, with that newly freed arm, cut her right arm and her legs
from their bondage.
“I’m under no obligation to disclose my secrets to you.” The
Black King’s response was curt. “After all, you were the one who
preached the disadvantages of being too eloquent when we happened to meet before.”
Her cool, sharp tongue brought a light, wry smile onto the face
of the layered avatar. “Ha-ha! That’s a point for you. Perhaps I
am indeed a little too talkative today, hmm? But just when I had
waited in vain for over two hours, prepared for it to end as a fool’s
errand, an unexpected and wonderful present happened to come
along. It was inevitable that I should get a little excited.”
“Hmm. From time to time, unexpected presents explode when
you open them, you know. From the look of it, you’ve taken more
damage than we have, and although I’m sure you’ve planned all
sorts of petty tricks for my partner, I believe the situation remains
two against one.”
Exactly.

Even while he was listening to the exchange between Kuroyukihime and Black Vise, the majority of Beast-fused Haruyuki’s
mind was occupied with a cool calculation of how to completely
destroy the loathsome layered avatar for good.
Given that he was able to set up simultaneous, large-scale restraint attacks for both Black Lotus and Chrome Disaster, Black
Vise was indeed a formidable foe, but both restraints had been
destroyed, and Vise had lost both of his arms. In other words, this
likely meant he could no longer use larger-scale techniques, including Hexahedral Compression.
However, as he had declared before, his greatest ability was
fleeing.
Just as he had said, Vise did have what was essentially the ultimate escape technique; he folded his own body up into a single
panel, sank into a shadow somewhere in the stage, and moved
that way. Countless pillars and walls were crammed together on
the roof of the Twilight stage Mori Tower; it would be an easy feat
to move through the shadows they cast to the edge of the roof.
Once he reached the shadow created by the wall of the massive
building, he could run off anywhere. For instance, the shadow
cast by all two hundred thirty-eight meters of Mori Tower, as it
stood illuminated by the westerly sun, swallowed up over a kilometer of the urban center of Roppongi by itself.
Thus, to make sure he brought down his sworn enemy and
peeled one panel after another from his body until he brutally
slaughtered him, Haruyuki couldn’t simply charge in recklessly.
First, he had to remove the avatar’s avenue of escape.
“Grar…” With a low howl, Haruyuki slowly picked himself up
and crouched down low, checking his gauges with a glance.
Thanks to the first surprise attack to the chest and the pressure
damage from being inside the box, his health gauge had decreased by just over 30 percent. But his special-attack gauge was
nearly zero, crushed after he activated Flash Blink. He wouldn’t

be able to use his wings or any other abilities for a while. In which
case, rather than first aiming for Vise’s body, he should target the
large pillars in the center of the plaza. Destroy those and take
away the shadows Vise is in constant contact with.
Haruyuki himself couldn’t have been aware of this, but being
able to run through these sorts of calculations even while completely fused with the Beast was an ability the previous Chrome
Disasters had not had. Once they were clad in the Armor of Catastrophe, all they could do was rampage, propelled onward by the
instinct to fight. As a result, their mental strength was gradually
worn away, and in the end, each was as hungry as a large animal
caught in a trap.
However, even while spurred on by an inexhaustible rage toward Black Vise, Saffron Blossom’s murderer, the sixth Chrome
Disaster, aka Haruyuki, maintained the ability to analyze and
judge, arguably Silver Crow’s greatest power. Was this because
not much time had passed since he’d become the Disaster? Or because he was more deeply synced with the Armor than anyone
else had been?
The answer came unexpectedly quickly—a mere minute or so
later.
Surprisingly, the first to move was Black Vise. He leisurely
stepped out from the shadow of the plaza’s central pillar, which
he had stubbornly stayed so close to, and exposed himself to the
light of the sun.
Under the red light of the sunset, he had an obviously different
quality from the Black King, similarly ruled by the name black.
Unlike Lotus’s semitransparent armor, shining like an obsidian
crystal, the thin panels that made up Vise’s avatar were a matte
black, which basically absorbed light.
On the tips of the toes—even these looked like simple pieces of
black paper in a row—Black Vise turned toward the crouching

Haruyuki. “Two against one. I see,” he stated calmly. “You believe
in this boy that deeply, even now when he’s changed into the Catastrophe entirely. The bond of parent and child, hmm? To be
honest, I’m jealous. Right from the start, I’ve never had any connections.”
Abruptly, the outermost of the panels that made up Vise’s
right leg broke away. No sooner had it turned into a square in
midair than it began to spin at high speed. In an instant, it looked
like nothing more than an extremely thin, blurry gray disc.
“I am jealous. So shall I at least take that bond with me?”
At the same time as he spoke, the disc began to shine red like
blood. Overlay. Some kind of long-distance Incarnate attack was
coming.
Haruyuki braced himself, but he was somewhat confused after
reading the row of information displayed in his view. Because, all
it said was: PREDICTED ATTACK: INCARNATE ATTACK; RANGE/POWER ENHANCEMENT: SEVERING TYPE; THREAT LEVEL: 5. The predicted trajectory shown in red was also a simple straight line. If he were to believe the analytic powers of the Armor, the technique was such
that it could be dealt with by moving a single step or simply repelling it with his arm.
However, this attack was not actually carried out.
“I will not allow it!!” the Black King shouted sharply, and
charged toward Black Vise. The sword of her right hand was
wrapped in a vivid blue overlay.
“Death by Piercing!!” She called out the ominous name of the
special attack at the same time as she activated it, boosted with
the power of Incarnate.
The tip of the sword shot forward, containing enough power to
shake the entire massive tower, threatening to pull it to pieces—

and the inky layered avatar did not move to dodge or defend
against it.
Instead, the instant before the attack hit its target, his body
changed form once more. In the blink of an eye, every part of him
came together into a single thin panel, including the piece spinning at top speed. His body, now an extremely thin line, rotated
dozens of times before drawing out a human shape into the air
again.
A flimsy shadow portrait appeared before Haruyuki once
more, again with no depth. But it was not the fake Black Lotus he
had tried to deceive Haruyuki with before.
The edges were short hair turned up at the bottom. Armor at
the shoulders and waist reminiscent of flower petals. Slender
arms and legs, a cute baton gripped in the left hand.
The shadow portrait, which should have been a solid black, in
that instant alone, reflected the eternally fading light of the Twilight stage, and glittered a dazzling golden yellow. At the same
time, Haruyuki heard a name spill out of his own mouth.
“…Fron.”
On top of this trembling voice came the hard sound of impact.
The sound of the thrusting technique the Black King had released
deeply piercing the chest of the golden-yellow girl-shaped avatar.
As the girl slowly reeled back, she reached a hand out toward
Haruyuki. Deep, deep in his ears, he felt like he could hear a hazy
voice, like a faint breeze.
…Fal…
Crack!! A dreadful spark popped inside Haruyuki’s head. His
entire field of view was dyed red, and the sky, the ground, and
each and every terrain object disappeared. In the bloodred world,

only the two entangled silhouettes stood out in sharp relief.
The girl with the sharp sword plunged deep into her chest
dropped lifelessly to her knees and fell on her side before disappearing completely, as if sucked into the ground. The other figure
was briefly fixed in position, at the end of her technique, but
eventually, she, too, turned her face away from him, as if repelled.
But he could no longer recognize this other, dark avatar.
Sparks burned his consciousness a snowy white. In that moment, the reason of Haruyuki, of Silver Crow—what little remained in the form of the power of judgment—disappeared completely. All that was left was a lone Beast, seeking vengeance and
slaughter.
“Graaaaaaaaaaaaar!!” He roared with enough force to shake
the heavens, and black clouds appeared, whirling in the sky once
more. From their center, a bolt of obsidian lightning poured
down into his right hand, extended high into the air. Instantly, it
gained form and became a sinister longsword.
“Graaaar!!” Howling once more, the Beast kicked hard off the
ground and headed toward the black avatar standing frozen a few
meters away. That avatar was the attacker who had killed the girl
he loved more than anyone else—his enemy.
Charging, he brandished the sword high above his head. The
slashing attack carved out a trajectory of black sparks, filled with
an incredible power. But as long as its target had a certain level of
expertise and read the timing, it would have been an easy thing to
avoid it.
But his enemy didn’t dodge. Instead, she crossed her swordshaped arms—although the tip of the left had been shattered—
and a vivid green light grew there.
The longsword clad in dark thunderbolts and the green cross
drawn by the two swords came into contact. The incredible en-

ergy of their clash compressed into a single minuscule point and
glittered like a new star.
Kwaaan! The power was immediately released and radiated
outward into the surrounding air. Swallowed up by this energy
wave, the countless limestone objects lining the roof of the tower
crumbled silently and disappeared. Although the building itself
was not taken apart like it had been when he’d hit the Green
King, the impact was still powerful enough to turn the entire roof
into a vacant lot instantaneously.
Even after the shock wave died down, the two fighters stood
with swords locked. Each time the intersection between them
creaked, dazzling sparks illuminated their faces.
Bluish-purple eyes narrowed in what looked like anguish beneath black mirrored goggles, his enemy appeared to be desperately shouting something as she held back the longsword of the
Beast. But words did not reach the Beast, transformed now into a
mass of senseless fighting instinct.
“Graar!!” Howling briefly, the Beast beat at the slender body of
his enemy with a tightly clenched fist. Although his opponent
tried to deftly respond by going around to the right, he vibrated
just the right side of the wings, abruptly rotating his entire body
to change the trajectory of the punch. This was an application of
the technique Aerial Combo, which the Burst Linker who was
now a vessel for the Beast had once trained intently to master,
but even that memory no longer remained within the creature.
Wrapped in dark aura, the fist caught the enemy’s right side
and drilled into it mercilessly, breaking and cracking her armor.
As though she had been blindsided by an enormous hammer,
the enemy flew sideways more than ten meters, bounced off the
wall of the empty roof, and fell. Before his opponent could stand
again, the Beast used his wings to fly fiercely toward her. He had
no sooner straddled the body lying on its back than he cried out

once more.
“Grr…aaaaaaar!!”
He thrust the sword in his right hand into the ground, across
the enemy’s uninjured sword-arm as a means to check her movement. Then he removed his hand from the hilt, tightened it into a
fist, raised it—until he smashed it into the mask of his enemy.
The single blow sent cracks like spiderwebs racing across the
black mirrored goggles. He clenched his left hand as well and
slammed it into her chest. The tiny fragments that went flying
glittered red, reflecting the sun.
Right, left, right. Howling endlessly, the Beast alternated fists
to beat at his enemy.
This could no longer be called a duel, or even a fight. It was an
explosion of the ultimate ugliness of resentment and hatred built
up over many, many long years.
In the back of the Beast’s mind as he lashed out wildly with
both fists, someone’s voice sounded weakly, kindly.
—It’s…better this way.
—I will take. Everything. That pains you.
—Because I am your parent, your teacher, your senior…
—And because I love you more than anyone.
The once-beautiful black crystal armor was smashed beyond
recognition, countless fragments dancing in the air. In between
these fragments, several drops of a different hue, a silver light,
hung perpendicularly.
The source of the light was the sinister visor covering the

Beast’s face. From the gap between the top and bottom biting together like the maw of a carnivorous animal, droplets of silver fell
one after another, pouring soundlessly onto the shredded and destroyed black armor. Almost like rain.
Like tears.

9
At the bottom of a hole so deep not a ray of light reached him,
Haruyuki cowered, clutching his knees to his chest. Above his
head, from somewhere very high up, the sharp, heavy sound of an
impact rained down periodically. He didn’t know what the sound
was. But Haruyuki dimly felt it.
Something that must not happen was happening outside this
hole—this jail. And when that sound stopped, everything would
be in a form that could never be repaired.
Several times, he tried climbing up the walls of the hole. However, there weren’t even handholds on the black perpendicular
surfaces, much less a ladder. On top of that, he couldn’t make a
single scratch on them when he dug his nails in. And, of course,
flying out was absolutely impossible.
Because right now, Haruyuki was not his duel avatar Silver
Crow. He was his plump and rotund real self. There were no tools
in the pocket of his uniform, and there was no way that he could
climb up a perpendicular wall with this body that could only do
two pull-ups.
So he held his knees with helpless arms, pushed his face down
as hard as he could, and just kept listening to the low, heavy
sound counting down to the end of everything, all while large
tears spilled from between his tightly closed eyelids.
I’ve always been like this.
The time my indoor shoes were hidden for the first time, in
second semester of third grade. The time when I was in fifth

grade and was forced to imitate a pig in the classroom. Even
after I started junior high, each time I had my pathetic allowance ripped off or I got punched for no reason at all, I ran
away to some secret hiding spot, held my knees, and cried.
So even if everything ends, I’ll just go back to those times. I’ll
just wake up from a fun dream and go back to reality. Murmuring this in his heart, Haruyuki tried to shut out the sound pouring
down from above.
But the hands he brought up to plug his ears stopped halfway
for some reason. He lifted his head the tiniest amount, cracked
his eyelids open, and stared at the two appendages in front of
him.
Short, round fingers. Pasty palms from being kept hidden in
pockets for so long. Hands that had so intently refused to reach
out toward anyone, to clench for a fight…
Do these two virtual meters feel that far to you?
Abruptly, he felt like someone’s voice echoed faintly from far off.
And then his own voice in reply:
They do.
“…But…” As he crouched at the bottom of the dark hole,
Haruyuki spoke aloud his response to this exchange that reached
him from some long-distant memory. “If I reach out, I get a little
closer. If I take one step, I get even closer. Someone…very important taught me that.”
He placed his hands on his thighs and staggered to his feet. He
looked up above his head, but he couldn’t see any exit. Just perpendicular walls reaching up forever.

Wiping away the tears spilling out of his eyes with the back of
his hand, Haruyuki turned around and faced the black wall rising
up before him—the infinite cliff he had tried to climb countless
times before, until he inevitably gave up.
But suddenly, he remembered: The memory was hazy, but he
felt like he had done something like this before. He had been
beaten down to the depths of despair, but he had climbed up a
tall wall from there and found a new path.
Unconsciously, Haruyuki clenched his right hand tightly. He
stared alternately at the cool wall, shining black, and the softness
of his real-world fist. Gritting his teeth, he steeled himself and
raised his arm.
It was an awkward punch, lacking speed and power, but even
so, the instant his fist hit the wall, a burning pain shot through
his right hand and into the core of his brain.
“Unaaah!” Haruyuki cried out.
Just barely staying on his feet, he cradled his throbbing hand
to his chest. The skin was scraped away where the bones jutted
up, and blood was oozing out. Naturally, there wasn’t even a single crack in the wall, much less any kind of indentation.
Shoring up his faltering resolve, he clenched his left hand.
“Unnh!” He pushed it forward with a pathetic yell.
Bam! The sharp impact and then the fierce pain again. The
tears he had calmed welled up again suddenly. He pressed his fist
—blood oozing up on this one, too—to his mouth and frantically
worked to hold back sobs.
He wanted to sit down. He wanted to lean back against the
wall, hold his knees, and plug his ears and cover his eyes until
everything was over.

However, somewhere in his brain, Haruyuki understood that if
he did that, it wouldn’t just end with him returning to his original
place in the world. The many friends he had gained in a new
world would be sad, along with the childhood friends who had
stood by him forever—and he would cruelly hurt her, the person
more important to him than anyone; he would lose her, and block
forever the road she should be walking down.
“Unh…aah!” He hit the wall again with his injured right fist. A
little blood flew onto the black wall, and a dizzying pain pierced
the core of his brain.
“Aaah…Aaaaaah!” Now the left. His flesh was crushed; his
bones creaked. Tears and snot mixed together as they ran down
his face, before falling in large drops on his chest.
The wall was so hard, beyond stone or steel, it didn’t seem like
the sort of thing a mere flesh-and-blood fist could do anything to.
But Haruyuki kept shouting, half in pain and with a crumpled
face, beating at the wall with his clenched fists. Right, left, right.
From far above, the sound of a gong beating out destruction continued to rain down on him. He matched that pace and punched
the wall. Punch.
Soon enough, both hands were covered in blood and slowly
swelling up. He had passed the stage of feeling pain as pain, and
now a burning sensation that was hard to endure raced along his
nerves, like they were being scorched directly with fire. If he
slackened his focus for even a second, he might collapse and not
be able to get back up again. So Haruyuki gritted his teeth so
tightly they threatened to crack, and as high-pitched shrieks
made their way through the gap, he punched the wall over and
over.
Again and again. Right, left, right, left, right again—
“It’s no use.”

A small voice came from behind him.
Haruyuki dropped his battered fists for a moment and looked
back over his shoulder.
A much younger boy was standing at the bottom of the hole.
His face was unfamiliar. He had on a T-shirt and knee-length
shorts, and his longish hair hung over his forehead. From the fact
that the boy was much shorter than Haruyuki, and his youthful
face as well, it was probable that he was in second or third grade
at best.
The boy turned a nihilistic, somehow pitying gaze on
Haruyuki. “It’s no use,” he said again. “You can’t break that wall.”
Panting wildly, Haruyuki returned faintly, “That’s…You don’t
know. Unless you try.”

His hands were indeed on the verge of shattering, but they still
moved; they could still clench. And he had his feet as well, he had
his shoulders, he had his head, even. He had no intention of stopping until his body was completely destroyed and he could no
longer stand up.
He looked back at the boy, his eyes brimming with tears at the
thought, and then started to turn back toward the wall.
But before he could, the boy, shaking his head in tiny increments, said, “It’s impossible. I mean, this ‘despair,’ it’s not yours,
it’s mine. This is the hole in my heart.”
“What…”
“You’re the first one who’s ever come down this far. But even
from way, way shallower parts, there’s never been anyone who
could get out of the hole. Not the person before you, or the person
before that, or the person before that…This hole will disappear
when the Accelerated World itself disappears. Until those guys
who betrayed Fron and made her suffer have all disappeared,
every last one of them, my despair won’t end.”
The instant he heard this, Haruyuki understood.
The young boy before his eyes was the first. The Burst Linker
who had twisted the Arc Destiny, and the longsword Star Caster
with the Incarnate of his overly massive rage and despair, and
changed them into the Armor of Catastrophe, the Disaster, at the
dawn of the Accelerated World.
Chrome Falcon.
“Have you…been here all this time?” Haruyuki asked hoarsely.
But of course he had. Because the one who produced the pseudointelligence that lived in the Armor, that “Beast,” was this boy. It
wasn’t strange at all that hidden in the depths of the core of the

Beast was Falcon’s heart.
However, if that were the case, then how ironic. Somewhere
inside the data that made up the Armor of Catastrophe, the heart
of the Saffron Blossom Falcon loved also survived. But Blossom,
that golden-yellow girl, could not appear when the Enhanced Armament was activated as Disaster. And similarly, Falcon could
not appear while Destiny was summoned. Sweethearts infinitely
close and yet never to meet…
No.
No, that wasn’t it. Whatever form was summoned, Destiny and
Disaster were one and the same. Haruyuki had seen it in the
Brain Burst central server. If both of their hearts remained inside
the zeta star of the Big Dipper that had glittered dazzlingly bright
in the center of that trembling galaxy, then they had to have already met by chance.
Forgetting the pain in his hands momentarily, Haruyuki
thought hard about the fundamental difference between the
Armor of Catastrophe, aka the Disaster, and the Arc, the Destiny.
It was the fact that the Armor swallowed up the longsword
Star Caster when in the Disaster state, while the two were separated when in the Destiny state. Only when the sword was separate, in other words, when it was calculated independently, could
Saffron Blossom appear.
It wasn’t the Armor Blossom lived in. It was the sword. The
small companion star shining faintly beside the zeta Kaiyou. She
herself might not have realized it, but Blossom’s thoughts existed
inside that sword.
The memory of the long, sad dream, brought back to life by
the complete fusion with the Beast. At the final curtain of that
tragedy, Saffron Blossom was devoured and killed endlessly by
the Hell snake Jormungand, and then Jormungand dropped the

item Star Caster. Almost like a present from the dead.
“Is…that it?” Haruyuki murmured, in a voice that was not a
voice.
If his guess was right, then there existed only one way to break
the curse called Catastrophe and sever the cycle of tragedy that
had played out unbroken in the Accelerated World. Maybe. But to
try it, he had to escape from this dark hole somehow. Before
everything ended.
“I…can’t give up,” Haruyuki said, staring hard at the young
boy—at Chrome Falcon—standing there, head hanging. “I mean, I
still exist here.”
Turning around, he raised his battered right hand. None of his
fingers worked to his satisfaction anymore, but he endured the
pain and started with his little finger to bend them all into a fist.
“Unh…Aaaaah…” Raising his voice, he brandished that fist
with everything he had.
“Aaaaah!!” And slammed it straight into the wall with a desperate cry.
Crack! A hard sound rang out, and a crimson light raced
around the core of his mind.
“Ungah…Aaaaaah!!”
Next, his left fist. The straight punch, with the angular momentum and weight of his body riding on it, charged forward,
and fresh blood scattered on the wall.
“It’s impossible…” A quiet murmur spilled out from behind
him. “No one can break out of this despair. No one can sever the
shackles of Catastrophe. Not until there’s only one left at the end
of the world.”

“…Do you…seriously…want that?” Haruyuki asked, brandishing his right fist. “Being the last one…means that you would bear
all that sadness all by yourself. It means that you alone would
carry the memories of the Burst Linkers who disappeared. Is that
loneliness…really what you want?!”
Crack!! He beat at the wall with all his might. Blood dripped
from the hand he pulled back.
“What I want? No, that’s not it,” the voice replied quietly,
coolly, sounding even sad somehow. “They’re the ones who want
to destroy everything with fighting. The ones who betrayed and
killed Fron. I’m just trying to give them what they want.”
“Then…then I’m asking you!” Haruyuki shouted, as he
slammed his right fist into the wall, blood flying off and hitting
his face. “What about what Saffron Blossom wants?! What about
her wish to make it so that no one ever had to disappear from the
Accelerated World?! Aren’t you betraying Blossom’s hope right
now?!”
For a while, he got no answer. Then finally, an even quieter
voice shook the thick darkness.
“Fron’s not here anymore.”
One more time.
“Fron’s gone. And a world without Fron doesn’t need hope.
Those guys who killed her have no right to wish for hope.”
“You’re wrong…You’re wrong!!” Haruyuki screamed, alternately swinging his bloody fists. “Even if Blossom’s gone, her
hope lives on. It’s here right beside you!!”
“…You’re lying.”
“I’m not lying!! If you reach out your hand…If you just reach

out your hand a little to the other side of this wall…”
“You’re lying!” Here, finally, the boy that was the residual
thoughts of Chrome Falcon erupted in a shout. “The only thing
that exists in this world is despair! No one can escape this pit of
despair! Not you…and not even me!!”
“Do you think…you’re the only one…who knows despair?!”
Haruyuki howled, blood and tears flying. “If this wall is your despair…then I am going to smash it!! Me, Pigita, Barfuyuki, Pizzamaru, Piggy—Haruyuki Arita…!!”
Convinced that his fist would shatter completely with the next
blow, Haruyuki nevertheless pulled his right hand as far back as
he could. Adding the force of a charge to it, the force of slamming
it with his entire body—“I will smash it!!”
Claaaang!! A crash roared through the dark pit, sounding like
a fierce collision with Silver Crow’s metal armor.
A moment of silence.
Krk!
A crack—extremely faint, but definitely there.
And then Haruyuki saw it. A fine white line radiating outward
bit by bit from the point of contact between the wall and his right
fist.
The world shuddered. The crack stretched out, picking up
speed as it did, and reached the floor from the curving wall.
“…You…,” a voice muttered from behind him.
Haruyuki slowly turned and looked at the boy standing there,
stock-still. Unconscious words flowed from his lips, which oozed
blood because of the number of times he had bitten them.

“I’m the same as you,” Haruyuki said. “…I’m sure, deep down,
everyone in this world is like you…”
Hearing this, the boy, Chrome Falcon, finally lifted his hanging head, albeit only the tiniest amount. Haruyuki couldn’t read
his expression, but the instant his clear eyes caught Haruyuki’s…
The world of darkness became countless shining shards of
glass, and shattered.
“Graaaaar!!” With an ominous roar, the right fist wrapped in
dark metal armor was about to set out on its downward course
yet again.
Reflexively, Haruyuki slid that trajectory to the right, and
below the fist, cracks radiated outward in the limestone paving
stones, until the expanding shock wave made the entire tower
shake slightly.
Immediately to the left of that arm was the face mask of the
Black King, Black Lotus, so thoroughly destroyed it seemed impossible for it to get any more so.
The V-shaped side horns were both broken in half, and cruel
cracks ran throughout the slickly shining mirrored goggles. The
damage extended to her entire torso, to the point where it was
hard to find an uninjured part of her.
It was clear that the fists of the Disasterfied Silver Crow had
inflicted this damage—Haruyuki’s own hands. As he opened both
eyes wide in shock, his avatar’s left arm trembled and came back
up on its own, ready to launch the next blow.
Still straddling the Black King, Haruyuki mustered up his
willpower and stopped his fist. Instantly, inside his head, a roar
full of the Beast’s rage echoed wildly.
WHY DO YOU FIGHT ME?! THIS IS THE ENEMY!! AN ENEMY TO BE DE-

STROYED!!

Haruyuki’s entire body shook once more, but did not move
any further. At the very least, the right to operate this duel avatar
was currently his.
No!! Haruyuki called back desperately in his mind, left fist still
raised high. This person is not the enemy!! She’s…more important to me…than anyone…!!
But he forced himself to cut the thought off there. He had no
idea how long he would maintain priority with the avatar. Before
he fell into a berserker state again, there was something he had to
do.
The ominous form of the longsword was plunged into the
earth, crossing the right arm of battered and nearly unconscious
Kuroyukihime. But this sword had not always had this form. In
the long-distant past, Saffron Blossom had been devoured by the
Hell snake Jormungand, and the silver sword appeared from inside that Enemy, like she was trying to communicate her dying
wish. A dying wish that had been twisted by Chrome Falcon’s
rage and grief and incorporated as one part of the Catastrophe.
If, as Haruyuki had guessed, the soul of Blossom still remained inside this sword, and assuming that what produced the
Catastrophe was Blossom and Falcon’s eternal separation, then
he had to make them meet again. And he could think of only one
way to make that happen.
But an enormous obstacle still remained.
It was obvious why the Beast ran wild and attacked Black
Lotus. In the instant before the Black King attacked, Black Vise
changed his own shape into a shadow portrait of Saffron Blossom
and pried open the origin of the Beast, its greatest pain.
According to Haruyuki’s memories up until the moment his

mind was sent flying to the bottom of that darkness, after the
Black King’s special attack pierced her chest, the fake Saffron had
pretended to crumble and fall to the ground, dying, and then
sunk into the shadows at their feet.
And then immediately after that, every single terrain object,
the walls and pillars that had stood on the roof of Mori Tower,
had been completely blown away in the aftershock of the clash
between Black Lotus and Chrome Disaster. Which meant that the
shadows those objects made had also been eliminated. The power
to move from shadow to shadow was no longer useful.
In other words—Black Vise was still hiding in a shadow carved
out in the ground before his eyes.
Right now, he likely hadn’t realized that Haruyuki had escaped
from his berserker state. But there was no doubt that if he sensed
the slightest abnormality, he would come up out of the shadow
and strike up his next demonic plan. If he wanted to pummel the
layered avatar with a counterattack before that, Haruyuki
wouldn’t be permitted a single misstep in the action he took now.
The ones who had pushed Saffron Blossom and Chrome Falcon into that cruel trap and created the opportunity for the
Armor of Catastrophe to appear were precisely Black Vise and the
Acceleration Research Society. Could he sever the cycle of tragedy
looping over the seven years of real-world time since then—or
would he be caught by the Society and turned into their trump
card?
Here was that watershed. The moment of victory or defeat.
“Graaaaar!!” A sinister howl surging out of him, Haruyuki
used his left hand to pull the blackish-silver longsword out of the
ground nearby and up into the air.
Without a moment’s delay, he stretched out his right arm and
tightly grabbed hold of the slender neck of Black Lotus, still lying

motionless on the ground.
I’m sorry, Kuroyukihime! I’ll apologize later, so, so much!!
Sword secured in his left hand and the Black King in his right,
Haruyuki threw his whole body back and howled again.
“Gra…aaaaaaah!”
His long tail twisted, and he spread out the metal wings on his
back. He kicked fiercely at the paving stones and took to the air.
On a spiraling trajectory, he aimed for the golden sun spanning
the western sky. What was important was distance and angle.
Keeping an eye on Mori Tower in one corner of his field of view,
he flew thirty meters or so before settling into a hover.
Perhaps roused by the sudden change in gravity, bluish-purple
eye lenses flickered faintly beyond Black Lotus’s cracked goggles.
Haruyuki stared down at the Black King, eyes desperate beneath the visor that was modeled after the maw of a carnivorous
animal. A voice on the verge of disappearing touched Haru’s
hearing.
…Haruyuki…?
Kuroyukihime! Kuroyukihime!!
Earnestly fighting his tug-of-war with the raging Beast as it
tried to wrest back control of the avatar, Haruyuki returned the
thought with everything he had. After I hurt you like this, you
probably won’t believe a word I have to say. But right now, just
for this moment! Please trust me!!
And then he felt like the Black King smiled faintly…What. Are
you talking about…? I’ve always trusted you. Up to now…and
from now on, too…Forever…

These words spilled into Haruyuki’s mind and glittered like
multicolored gems, and a passion so powerful it threatened to
drive him mad filled his heart. He wanted to throw away the
sword in his left hand and hug Kuroyukihime to him. But doing
that would be the end of everything. He still had a job to do. To
undo the curse of the Armor and end the chain of sadness, he had
to make those two meet one more time.
“Graaa…aaaaaah!!” Haruyuki made a remarkably fierce roar
ring out through the eternal twilight, and twisted the longsword
he clutched in his left hand to face him, brandishing it high.
To anyone looking up and watching from below, the action
would have looked like nothing more than the sword in his left
hand going to pierce the avatar he held fast in his right. And because his back was completely turned to the tower, the point of
the sword would have been hidden by the large extended wings of
the avatar, and thus be invisible.
He held his breath, concentrated every ounce of willpower he
could muster—the positive Incarnate that could be called a prayer
or wish—in his left hand and brought the sword down.
The sharp tip passed to the side of the Black King’s body,
merely brushing up against it, and lightly pierced the center of
the Armor of Catastrophe—toward Haruyuki’s own heart.
DO YOU BETRAY US?! EVEN YOU?! YOU BETRAY AND TRY TO DESTROY US?!
A dreadful howl of rage from the Beast rang out inside his head.
However, this cry almost seemed to contain the slightest echo of
sadness.
No! I’m not going to destroy you or anything! This sword can’t
hurt you!!

Haruyuki intently turned his thoughts toward the Beast. But right
away, an overwhelming torrent of hatred threatened to swallow
them up.
LIES! ALL WHO EXIST ARE DECEIVERS, CHEATERS, TRAITORS!!
NO ONE!!

I TRUST

The voice sounded somehow like a sob, and several threads of
a jet-black aura spilled out of the hole dug out of his chest armor.
These tangled up around the blade of the longsword and tried to
push it back from the chest.
Desperately fighting the reaction, Haruyuki shouted, I’m not
telling you to trust me!! But there’s one person in this world who
loves you and cares for you!! Her…Trust her!!
A pure white light gushed from Haruyuki’s sword-hand. The
aura, glittering dazzlingly, began to wrap around the sinister form
of the greatsword, moving from the hilt to the tip. The parts the
light touched changed design, evaporating, and the figure of a
new sword appeared from inside. A flowing silver longsword with
several stars caught inside the semitransparent blade. The Enhanced Armament Star Caster.
“Unh…aaaaaaah!!” Together with a fierce cry in his own voice,
Haruyuki stabbed his own chest with the longsword that had regained its original form, up to the hilt.
The blow generated no numerical damage. He didn’t feel pain
or even the impact. Instead, Haruyuki took in a single image with
all five senses: an infinite darkness filling a thick, superhard shell.
A small fissure ran along the metal shell covering his world.
Through the crack, a brilliant white light reminiscent of the
spring sun came pouring in. The fissure grew bigger before his
eyes, and the light steadily grew stronger. From beyond this dazzling shine, almost too bright to look at directly, someone was flying into the world of darkness, both arms outstretched.

Wrapped in golden-yellow armor with a flower-petal motif.
Glittering drops of light spilling out of sky-blue eye lenses. The
girl who had lived in the longsword Star Caster and had continued to pray earnestly for so, so long—Saffron Blossom.
Gently descending, Blossom stood tall and faced the center of
the world of darkness.
An enormous something existed there, its body covered in jetblack flames, a something with eyes the color of blood and long
fangs. The Beast.
Not frightened in the least, the golden-yellow girl walked over
to it, reaching out with her right hand. “I’m sorry. I left you alone
for so long. You must have been sad…It was so hard, wasn’t it?”
A low groan spilled from the massive maw of the Beast. It
tucked its head in and shook it quickly, back and forth, as though
it couldn’t believe the girl was standing there before it. It tried to
step back, tail hanging.
But Blossom approached with a resolute step and didn’t hesitate before taking the enormous head into her outstretched
hands. She stroked the conflagration of fur. “We’ll always be together from now on. Always, always together…”
Pop! The black flames covering the Beast burst. A massive energy wave spread out within the shell and was finally absorbed it.
And then, standing there—
Not a duel avatar, but a real-bodied little girl. Her hair was cut
boyishly short. She wore a large-ish hooded sweater and culottes.
And in both arms, she held a small black cat.
The girl smiled gently and, still holding the kitten, took a few
steps forward. A little ways off stood the boy—Chrome Falcon.
His lips trembled, and he timidly raised his right hand.

The little girl started running toward him. The two grew closer
with each passing breath until the tips of their outstretched fingers touched, clasped, and held each other tightly.
Fal!!
Fron!!
Their voices became a gentle wave and echoed throughout the
metal shell.
And then the thick shell enclosing the darkness turned into a
myriad of flower petals and broke apart abruptly.
As if melting into the dancing snowy white lights, all the suffering, hatred, and sadness that had filled the Armor sublimated
away. Riding on the twinkling, fleeting sound of a bell, it all
flowed, drifted, and receded.
On the verge of returning from the world of the image to the
madder red of the duel field, Haruyuki felt like he could hear that
voice.
FAREWELL, MY FINAL COMRADE. YOU…ARE STRONG. STRONGER THAN ME.
I DESTROY AND AM DESTROYED AGAIN BY ALL THOSE PEOPLE. I PRAY YOUR
LIGHT REMAINS IN THE WORLD AND YOU CUT OUT THE ROOT OF THE EVIL…

At the same time as the voice faded, Haruyuki was restored to the
Accelerated World—the sky of the Twilight stage. In his right
arm, the body of the injured Black Lotus. His left hand held nothing at all.
And the metal armor of his body reflected the light of the setting sun, shining a pure, mirrored silver.

10
“……Kuroyukihime.”
Haruyuki gave voice to this one word, filling it with every drop
of the flood of emotions within him.
He couldn’t help but feel such guilt that he wanted to rip his
own body apart for falling into the berserker state and injuring so
severely the swordmaster he had sworn to protect, Black Lotus—
Kuroyukihime.
However, Kuroyukihime had dared to stop Haruyuki’s fists
with her own body after he’d lost himself and gone wild. Given
that the king had enough actual power to inflict serious damage
on even a Super-class Enemy like the God Suzaku, she should
have been able to at least counter the blows, even if her opponent
was the rampaging Chrome Disaster. But instead, she had taken
every bit of the beating he had mercilessly brought down on her.
She had believed that Haruyuki would regain himself again…
In Silver Crow’s arms as he hovered in the air, hearing the
trembling voice calling her name, Kuroyukihime blinked bluishpurple eye lenses irregularly beneath her battered, mirror-finish
goggles. Her endlessly kind and gentle response flowed out on the
faint wind of the stage.
“…Welcome back, Silver Crow. You did…well…” The half-broken sword of her left hand gently stroked the surface of the round
helmet.
“Kuro…yuki…” Once more, he squeezed a faltering voice out
and desperately suppressed the sobs rising up in him.

He wanted to bury his face in her chest and wail like a little
kid. But this was not yet the time for that. There was still one
more thing he had to do. He had a promise to keep with his erstwhile partner, the pseudo-intelligence of the Beast. It would
probably take a long time to fulfill his vow to cut the root of evil
from the world, but he would fire the first shot into this battlefield. To show the pride of the Black Legion and his own as a
Burst Linker.
Kuroyukihime seemed to pick up on his intent through their
armor touching. She nodded once, very slightly. “We have one
chance, one moment. We’re both close-range types, so we’ll have
to carry out the attack with long-range Incarnate. But we don’t
have the luxury of slowly mustering up the image…You focus on
targeting, I’ll provide the power.”
Despite the fact that she was so thoroughly injured that,
viewed from any angle, it seemed any further fighting was impossible, Kuroyukihime’s words were filled with a firm resolve to
fight. Haruyuki returned her nod and cleared his mind.
“We go from a count of three. Two, one, zero!”
In time with the instruction, he whirled his body around
abruptly.
Below him, an enormous chalky spire rose up in the center of
his field of view, bathed in the evening sun—Mori Tower. The
roof had been swept clear of objects in the earlier clash between
Black Lotus and Chrome Disaster, and transformed into a perfectly white plain.
In the center of this bled a single small, black dot. It was the
shadow produced by Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime midflight with
the sun behind them. However, for this moment alone, it was not
simply a lighting effect of the virtual world: It was also the hiding
place of his sworn enemy, the Burst Linker for whom, no matter
how great the hatred in Haruyuki’s heart became, it would never

be enough.
Yes. In that instant, within that tiny shadow hid the layered
avatar who called himself the vice president of the Acceleration
Research Society, the restrainer, Black Vise. One branch of the
root of all evil the Beast had told Haruyuki to cut out.
“Crow! Your hand!!” Kuroyukihime shouted sharply, lifting
her right sword high.
The tip of her sword-arm shone with a hazy golden overlay
and separated with a snap to produce five slender fingers. Instinctively, Haruyuki reached out with his left hand and tangled
his fingers tightly around them. From their clasped hands, the
brilliant light of two auras—one crimson red, one silver—jetted
out.
At that point, no doubt guessing something was amiss, a single, thin black panel slid out from the blurred shadow on the roof
thirty meters below. Black Vise. The panel slid along as if glued to
the floor, heading for the inner edge of the roof—more precisely,
the enormous shadow that fell on the eastern wall of the building.
If the roof had remained covered with its original pillars and
walls, this layered avatar, with the unusual ability to move from
shadow to shadow, would have been able to leisurely escape the
battlefield without exposing himself.
But every single object capable of producing a shadow had already been destroyed. And the tower was the tallest building in
the area. The only shadow etched onto that roof was that of
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime. And this was no coincidence—
Haruyuki flew at these coordinates after precisely calculating the
angle and distance that would produce this condition.
For these reasons, Black Vise could not, as he had done so
many times before, sink into the shadows and escape—he could
not, in his own words, show off his “greatest ability,” fleeing.

This was their one moment, their one chance.
Haruyuki concentrated the image of light in his left hand as
fast as he could, pushing up against the limits of the speed he had
managed up to that point. The crimson overlay produced in
Kuroyukihime’s right hand carved a spiral in the silver one he
generated, fusing with it.
“Laser Lance!!”

“Vorpal Strike!!”
The two different technique names rang out, one over the
other in perfect unison.
From between their clasped hands, the two auras extended,
carving out a trajectory like the double helix of DNA to produce a
single, enormous lance.
Movement synchronized, the pair threw the lance toward the
tower below. The silver-and-crimson javelin plunged ahead, ripples spreading out around it in the virtual atmosphere, and
quickly closed in on the thin black panel quickening its slide
away. The two parallel tips touched the center of the panel.
And then Haruyuki saw it.
The jet-black sheet scattering into countless fragments and radiating outward.
The lance did not stop there; it touched the white roof and easily dug into it, as if pushing through the surface of a body of
water.
Leaving behind only a high-pitched skrnnn of resonance, it
disappeared into the two hundred thirty-eight meters of the massive building.
A few seconds later, from far lower on the building, a vibration
wave like the earth trembling came racing upward. The decorative windows of the building’s outer walls shuddered violently,
along with the pillars and bas reliefs straight out of temples of
Ancient Greece, some of them even cleaving from their homes.
And the damage didn’t stop there: Deep cracks raced, one after
another, along the entire outside wall, a torrent of flaming energy
erupting from inside…
In the next instant, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, a landmark

and without a doubt one of the largest structures in the Accelerated World, began to collapse, reduced to an infinite amount of
falling rubble.
The phenomenon itself was incredible, but for Haruyuki, the
complete destruction of the enormous building was just one more
thing to fill his special-attack gauge. More important was the
burst point addition system message that scrolled in small letters
along the left side of his field of view. This meant, then, that the
earlier combined Incarnate attack had pushed the health gauge of
his sworn enemy Black Vise down to zero—he was dead.
Of course, death in the Accelerated World was, for the majority of Burst Linkers, an everyday occurrence. Their points simply
decreased a certain number as a penalty, and they came back to
life perfectly fine in the next duel in the Normal Duel Field, or an
hour later in the Unlimited Neutral Field. However, there was an
exception to this rule.
“Kuroyukihime!” Hands still intertwined, Haruyuki turned toward her and shouted, “How about it?!”
The question omitted the subject, but the Black King still
shook her head slightly. “No. From the number of points added,
he seems to be level eight.”
“…He is, huh…” Haruyuki said, letting out the breath he’d
been holding.
If the restrainer Black Vise had reached the same level nine as
Kuroyukihime, the sudden-death rule would have applied to him
now, and he would have lost all his points in one swoop and been
forever banished from the Accelerated World. Given Vise’s history—basically one of the oldest residents of this world—and his
unfathomable powers, Haruyuki had anticipated that it might at
least be a possibility, but unfortunately, that schemer had apparently stopped at level eight.

Which meant that the layered avatar, instantly dying when
pierced by the Incarnate lance, remained in the field as a small
death marker and would regenerate in an hour. If they challenged
him again there without letting him run off and defeated him
over and over again, at some point, they would press him to total
loss…but…
“It’ll be quite the chore to find his marker in that mountain of
rubble.”
At the sound of Kuroyukihime’s voice, Haruyuki looked down
at the enormous pile of destruction that had been Mori Tower. He
couldn’t begin to guess how many tens or hundreds of thousands
of wreckage objects were stacked up in that pyramid; it was indeed a fact that it would be difficult to turn each of them over to
find the death marker.
“And there are a lot of shadows on the ground, too. I feel like
next time would probably just end with him running off at top
speed.”
“Mmm. That’s exactly it…Well, at any rate, we did defeat him
once, he who is so proud of his fleet-footedness. That should
serve nicely as a declaration of war,” Kuroyukihime responded
before gently untangling her hand from Haruyuki’s. The five slender fingers made an ephemeral cracking sound before shattering.
“Ah!” Haruyuki cried out.
The Black King turned a gentle smile on him. “Just over two
minutes. A new record.”
“…Kuroyukihime.” He reached out his right hand once more
and wrapped it around the half-broken jet-black sword. Even
though he had so much he wanted to say, so much he had to say,
the words were obstructed by the enormous vortex of emotion
welling up in his chest.

Everything was over—even though in actuality, it wasn’t. Although the curse that produced the Armor of Catastrophe, the
Disaster, had been broken and the Armor had disappeared superficially, it still existed in some form or another system-wise somewhere in the data that made up Silver Crow. Until it was separated from him as an item through purification, the current mission was not over. And he still couldn’t see the big picture strategy of the Acceleration Research Society, who he assumed were
the source of the ISS kits.
Pushing back once more the impulse to clutch the battered
and bruised Kuroyukihime to his chest with all his might,
Haruyuki slid his hovering body a little to the northeast. His eyes
caught the majestic Midtown Tower, soaring higher even than
Mori had been, about five hundred meters ahead.
“Can you see it, Kuroyukihime? The transparent Enemy lurking at the top of Midtown there.”
A few seconds later, Kuroyukihime assented quietly. “Mmhmm.”
At first glance in the fiery light of the setting sun, it appeared
that there was nothing around the tip of the massive tower. But
squinting hard, he noticed the presence of an enormous something bending the rays of sunlight slightly.
“Iron Pound from GW said it was the Legend-class Enemy
Archangel Metatron. He said someone tamed it and moved it
from the bottom of the Dungeon up over there.”
“So Metatron has left the Cathedral? Then that means…that
that tower is basically unapproachable outside the Hell stage,
which has an extremely low appearance rate.”
“That’s exactly it. The huge explosion you guys saw in the
south during the last dive was when Metatron there reacted to
Pound’s rocket punch and shot off an incredibly powerful laser.”

“I see…The scope of that explosion makes sense now. And this
means that Midtown Tower is itself…” Kuroyukihime trailed off.
“Yes,” Haruyuki said. “That’s the location of the ISS kit main
body—the headquarters of the Acceleration Research Society.”
With sharp eyes turned toward the massive spire in the distance, Kuroyukihime maintained the silence for a few seconds,
then relaxed slightly and murmured, “I dearly want to go and raid
it right now, but…Fuko and the others would be angry if we went
ahead without them. Let’s leave this Castle attack for later enjoyment.”
At this extremely bold line, Haruyuki couldn’t stop his mouth
from softening beneath his helmet. Perhaps sensing this,
Kuroyukihime smiled slightly before continuing in a different
tone, “Now then, it’s about time for us to be getting home. The
nearest portal is…”
“Oh! Oh, no. It would have been inside the tower. If the building was totally blown away, then…”
“Ha-ha-ha!” Kuroyukihime laughed at Haruyuki’s panicking.
“It’s fine. No matter what sort of attack they come under, the
leave-point portals cannot be destroyed. Their coordinates are
completely fixed, so even if the tower was destroyed, it should
still be floating in the place where it normally is.”
He sent his gaze racing around. The blue circular form was indeed floating in space several dozen meters diagonally below
them. There was no mistake that the shimmering he saw there, so
like the surface of still water, was a one-way door to the real
world.
Haruyuki gently cradled Kuroyukihime’s injured body in his
arms and spread the silver wings on his back—now restored to
their former sheen—to start a gentle glide through the air. Before
his eyes, the portal hanging in empty space grew larger, welcom-

ing them with a gently pulsating light.
On the verge of plunging into the surface of the blue water, he
flipped himself around and took in the eternal evening of the Twilight stage spreading out around them. Beyond the neighborhoods of Roppongi and Shirokane and past Shinagawa, he could
see Tokyo Bay, reflecting the orange light of the setting sun and
glittering brightly. For some reason, the sight called up a bittersweetness in Haruyuki so strong that he wanted to cry.
The instant they slipped through the ring of blue light and returned to the real world from the Unlimited Neutral Field, something elastic was pressed tiiiiightly up against his face, completely
closing off his view. Unable to immediately recall where he had
dived from and in what position, Haruyuki frantically flapped his
hands.
And then from his fingertips came an incredibly soft sensation
like silk thread—although, of course, he had never actually
touched real silk—and he unconsciously caressed it. The delightfully smooth texture was something so…right. It was really similar to the feel of Kuroyukihime’s long hair when she had directed
with him in an audacious posture on top of him in bed in the
nurse’s room at Umesato after he was carried there when he collapsed during the basketball game. Or maybe it was exactly the
same thing?
“You really did so well, Haruyuki,” a voice murmured abruptly
in his ear.
In an instant, Haruyuki finally remembered where he was. The
living room of a stylish town house in one corner of the URB
Asagaya residences in southern Suginami Ward, on top of a large
beanbag chair by the window. And the person holding his head
with all her might was none other than the master of this house,
Haruyuki’s parent, head of the Legion Nega Nebulus/vice president of the Umesato Junior High School student council, the

Black King, Black Lotus, aka Kuroyukihime.
Kuroyukihime invited me to her house for the first time…We
sat together on an enormous beanbag and directed…We used
the “unlimited burst” command and dove into the Unlimited
Neutral Field together…and then…
When his brain finally caught up, a fierce shudder ran through
him. His voice spilled out as he moved his lips slightly, unawares.
“K-kuro…yukihime…I—I hurt you…so, so much—”
“That’s enough!” A sharp voice cut off Haruyuki’s river of selfreproach. Gently pulling away from his head, which she held cradled to her chest, Kuroyukihime looked into his eyes from extremely close-up. “There is not a single thing you need to apologize for,” she said, her tone easing. “You fought wonderfully and
accomplished what needed to be done. That’s all. If anyone here
is to be reproached, it’s me for failing to consider even the possibility of an ambush.”
“Th-that’s— I mean, I, I should have been watching out. I
knew the place we’d appear after diving was really close to their
headquarters.”
“Even if you had very seriously warned me, it’s doubtful
whether or not I would have been able to respond to the surprise
attack by that annoying panel avatar. In that sense…I suppose we
could say that we both put up a good fight. After all, we’re here
like this now, talking, the same people we were before the dive.”
Her endlessly smooth and silky voice gently soothed
Haruyuki’s exhausted senses. As the sensation of the hand gently
stroking his scalp sank in, his mind threatened to wander far off,
but right before it did, he remembered something and opened his
eyes once more.
“Oh, that reminds me, Kuroyukihime. You said something
right before we dove, didn’t you?”

“Mmm. Did I, then?”
“Umm. Something about if we both come back safe or something?” He turned a puzzled gaze on her.
For some reason, the porcelain of Kuroyukihime’s skin was
dyed a cherry pink. She jerked her head back, but perhaps the
movement was too sudden, and she lost her balance on the beanbag chair.
Haruyuki stretched out a hand, but to no avail. Her bottom hit
the floor with a wonderful thump. Two seconds later, the blackclad beauty stood up with a look on her face like nothing had happened and cleared her throat deliberately before continuing.
“Ahem. D-did I say something like that? Let’s see. That was,
then, if we both returned safely, I would whip up some of my excellent cooking in celebration.”
Although he felt that both her tone and facial expression had a
fleeting awkwardness to them, the majority of Haruyuki’s
thoughts were carried away by the word cooking. The last time
he’d eaten was the enormous plate of sushi around six thirty,
shared among the six Legion members—well, seven if he counted
Rin Kusakabe. He hadn’t moved much physically, but so many
things had happened that weighed heavy on his mental capabilities. Just roughly listing them, he had…
June 20, 2047. Seven PM: Haru dove with Utai Shinomiya/Ardor
Maiden into the Castle inner sanctuary in the Unlimited Neutral
Field. He gained the assistance of the mysterious young samurai
avatar Trilead Tetroxide aka Lead, and defeated the guardian
Enemy while escaping from the Castle.
Immediately following that event: Haru made contact with the
Super-class Enemy, the God Suzaku, on the large bridge outside
the southern gates of the Castle. After bringing Maiden to safety,

he used the Incarnate flying technique Light Speed to fly vertically upward outside the atmosphere while rescuing Kuroyukihime and Fuko, who were acting as bait. When Suzaku lost the divine protection of flames, it was crushed by Kuroyukihime’s superdreadnought Incarnate attack, Starburst Stream.
Continuing from there: The escape into the Unlimited Neutral
Field from the southern bridge was completed. They carried out
the mission to rescue Ardor Maiden, but Haruyuki set out alone
to find Ash Roller, who was supposed to join them.
After that: Haru discovered Ash Roller under attack by a group of
six ISS kit users on Meiji Street in the Shibuya Ward. He lost his
composure and summoned the Armor of Catastrophe from its
seed state. With his power as the sixth Chrome Disaster, he instantly slaughtered the kit users and then fled the scene.
Thereupon: He met the Green King Green Grandé and his escort
Iron Pound on the roof of Mori Tower in the Roppongi area.
Haruyuki crushed Pound after a fierce battle and exchanged a
single blow with the Green King before bursting out through the
emergency disconnection safety activated in the real world.
Seven twenty PM: Haruyuki fled, after locking his friends from his
Legion within his home. But in the shopping mall on the first
floor, he was captured by Fuko’s child, Ash Roller/Rin Kusakabe.
They moved to a car in the underground parking area and, after
talking, entered a direct duel.
Seven forty PM: He was recaptured by Fuko, Chiyuri, and
Kuroyukihime. He promised not to run off by himself, and at
eight PM, they dispersed. He then quietly did his homework in his
room.
Nine PM: He exited the house once more, leaving a note to his

mother that he would be on a sleepover that night. However, he
was recaptured by Kuroyukihime in the garden in front of the
condo building. He was put into a taxi and taken to Kuroyukihime’s home in Minami Asagaya. After talking for a long time, the
two of them dove back into the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Ten fifteen PM: The battle with the vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, Black Vise, on the rooftop skydeck of Roppongi Hills Mori Tower. Although an evil trick plunged him into
an unprecedented state of wildness, he happened to meet Chrome
Falcon, the first Chrome Disaster, in the deepest depths of the
imagination circuit. He suddenly understood the secret of the two
Enhanced Armaments that made up the Armor of Catastrophe
and finally succeeded at removing the curse.
All of these too-numerous incidents had happened one after the
other in just over a mere three hours. But by his own reckoning,
the mental energy Haruyuki had burned was up to 2,500 kilocalories, and thus, it was inevitable that the incredible appeal of
Kuroyukihime’s cooking would steal away with his thoughts.
He tumbled out of the beanbag chair with a thud himself and
trotted after Kuroyukihime as she headed toward the kitchen.
The kitchen space off the living room was fairly large for a
one-person dwelling, but the sink and the induction cooktop
sparkled; the sense that it wasn’t used much was not that different from the Arita house. On top of that, he couldn’t spot anything in the nature of a pot. But he interpreted this as something
along the lines of a masterful housewife is also good at cleaning
up.
“Uh, um, I’ll help,” he called to Kuroyukihime, as she turned
toward the refrigerator. “I’m not actually so good at cooking, but I
can peel potatoes or something at least.”
“Oh-ho, impressive! Teach me the trick to it next time. When I

peel them, they strangely lose mass.”
“O-okay. Anytime. Wait. Huh?” Haruyuki blinked quickly, surprised at the admission. He’d assumed she was an excellent chef.
She yanked open the door of the fairly large refrigeratorfreezer. The inside was stuffed not with vegetables or meat or fish
or fruit, but countless white square packages piled up neatly.
“Haruyuki, jwestchiitaspagerfren, which do you prefer?”
This question posed to him with a serious face, he thought a
moment. Jwestchi was “Japanese, Western, Chinese,” so then if
ita was “Italian,” the rest were “Spanish, German, and French”…
right? In that case, a single artless question came to mind.
“Uh, um, how is Western different from itaspagerfren?”
“Mmm. It’s obvious, isn’t it? ‘Western’ is a Western-style meal.
And I’ll just say this. Western is traditional Japanese cooking, you
know. I like beef stew and macaroni gratin.”
“R-right…Th-then I’d like ‘Western’ beef stew.”
“Understood. In that case, perhaps I’ll have the gratin.” With
practiced ease, Kuroyukihime pulled two packages from the tall
white towers, put them into the high-powered microwave next to
the fridge, and pushed a button. “Dinner will be ready in five
minutes. Go wait at the table.”
He felt it was a bit hazy as to whether or not this could actually
be called cooking, but at the very least, the finger of Kuroyukihime herself had pushed the HEAT button. As he tried to convince
himself, Haruyuki slid back into the living room.
The steaming beef stew was transferred from the package to a
ceramic plate, and regardless of its origin, it was incredibly delicious. While the flavor was a fair bit blander than the mass-pro-

duced frozen dishes, it had a solid savor to it, and there were
plenty of root vegetables. Considering the fact that the packaging
was extremely simple, it was probably the private label product of
some famed restaurant. A salad was also included, so there didn’t
seem to be any problems at all on the nutritional front, but as he
intently moved his spoon, Haruyuki couldn’t help picking out the
lone commonality with the frozen pizza that was his own daily
fare. And that was, in other words…
“Let’s trade, Haruyuki. C’mon, aaah!”
Together with these sudden words, a fork was thrust in the direction of his mouth, so Haruyuki reflexively opened it. The largeish bite of macaroni covered with plenty of velvety béchamel
sauce had a firm al dente texture despite the fact that it was a
frozen meal, and he chewed it in delight.
Turning a gentle smile on this ecstatic Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime dropped her gaze to the table. “So then, in exchange, that
enormous carrot there…”
“Oh! Sure…”
“The super-enormous piece of beef next to it.”
“Oh! Sure— Hey, wait! You can’t! I’ve been taking good care of
this little one until now.”
“You accepted a trade without asking the conditions. That was
your error. Now, ‘aaah’!” she continued, and closed her eyes as
she opened her mouth wide, leaving him no choice but to weepingly offer up the little meat baby he had kept aside to enjoy last.
Enveloped in sadness, but still just a little excited somehow,
Haruyuki brought the meat to the other side of the table with his
spoon, and after she had disposed of it mercilessly with a chomp
and some chewing, Kuroyukihime raised her eyelids and laughed
cheerfully.

“Food really does taste better when you eat it with someone
else, hmm?”
This hit exactly on the thought struggling in the back of his
brain earlier. No matter how good a cook she was or wasn’t,
Kuroyukihime was sitting at this table by herself every night. Eating alone was sad. Before the question of flavor or nutrition…just
sad. Haruyuki knew that only too well.
“Um, Kuroyukihime?” Forgetting the pain of having his chunk
of beef stolen, Haruyuki opened his mouth, heart full of emotion
welling up.
“Hmm? You can ask me to give it back, but it’s too late, you
know?”
“N-no, it’s not about the meat. It’s, um…” He clutched the
spoon tightly in his hand like a protective charm, and stared intently into the jet-black eyes eighty centimeters ahead of him.
“Um, I know we can’t right away, but…I was thinking it’d be
kinda nice if someday…we could eat dinner together like this
every day.”
There had to be a way—even if every day was more a figure of
speech than literal truth—some means of increasing the number
of suppers where Kuroyukihime wasn’t alone, by having her stop
by his house on the way home from school or somehow getting
past the mandatory departure time at school and staying with her
in the student council office or something.
This was Haruyuki’s intention in saying this, but…
Kuroyukihime’s reaction was rather unexpected. She dropped
the fork in her left hand onto the plate of gratin and dipped her
fingertips in the fiery hot sauce when she went to pick it up. Crying out “Ah!” she reached out for her glass of ice water and even
knocked that over as well.

Fortunately, it was basically empty, and Haruyuki hurried to
catch the glass as it fell. Standing it upright again, he looked with
puzzlement across the table.
Kuroyukihime had frozen solid, right hand clutched to her
chest in her left. There was an excessively strong red element to
her coloring, but he couldn’t manage to read the look on her face.
She seemed surprised, but also like she was ruled by a different
emotion entirely.
After a few seconds, she finally relaxed her shoulders a little.
“Again? Again, really?” she said briefly.
“Huh? A-again? What is—? Did we talk about dinner before?”
“No…This trick is a first, but…this is the second time you’ve
done something to trouble my circulatory system.” She followed
up this fairly incomprehensible statement by letting out a long
sigh. Catching the eyes of a dumbfounded Haruyuki again, the
gentlest of all faint smiles—one he had seen somewhere before—
spread across her lips.
“Understood,” she said. “I promise: We can eat together as
many times as you like.”
Standing up, she moved around the table to stand next to
Haruyuki and stretched her right hand out in front of her, her
pinky finger extended from her loose fist. “Here, pinky promise.”
Just as he was told, Haruyuki timidly raised his hand and
wrapped his own plump finger around it. Shaking their hands
slowly up and down, Kuroyukihime smiled faintly once more.
“It’s a promise. Someday, we will eat supper together. Every
day.”

11
The next day, Friday, June 21, seven PM.
Gathered together in the Arita living room were, as on the previous day, the six current members of Nega Nebulus. Unfortunately—or not, as the case may have been—Ash Roller, aka Rin
Kusakabe, was not there. Since she had broken her curfew of
eight PM the previous day, she had apparently been categorically
prohibited by her father from stopping anywhere on the way
home.
“You know, I did wonder why she almost never dueled at
night, given her character,” Chiyuri remarked, as if it all made
sense to her.
Fuko chuckled. “Well, when it comes to vehicles, she’s actually
pretty terrible with even a manual bicycle, much less an electric
scooter. Just like there are duel avatars in the Accelerated World
who are a Perfect Match, albeit very few, Rin is one of those you
could call a ‘perfect mismatch.’”
“Ah-ha-ha! True! And he’s not on the level of a mismatch, but
Haru’s toeing that line, too, huh?!”
The point of Chiyuri’s spear suddenly turned toward him,
Haruyuki dropped the somen noodles from between his chopsticks.
Given that they couldn’t very well have asked Chiyuri’s mother
to make another big meal for them for the nth day in a row, the
menu that day was prepared by the group. That said, the two boys
had just boiled the noodles, while the squad of girls had prepared

the toppings and dipping sauce. The dinner table took twenty
minutes of actual work to put together, but somen noodles crisply
chilled in water were exceptional to eat on a hot, humid day at the
end of June. Even more so when surrounded by good friends.
After slurping up the noodles he’d rescued from the excessively large glass bowl, together with some chopped ginger,
Haruyuki launched his counterargument. “Th-there’s stuff in
common between me and Silver Crow, you know. Um…we’re not
easy to hit, bad fuel economy, we hate getting zapped with static
electricity…”
UI> THOSE ARE ALL WEAKNESSES, Utai Shinomiya typed politely,
after neatly returning her chopsticks to her chopstick rest, and
everyone burst out laughing.
Fifteen minutes later, when they had finished cleaning up after
dinner and moved to the sofa set, he could see a bit of nervousness in his friends’ faces.
Seated at one end, Kuroyukihime let her eyes run over them
all before saying in a calm voice, “Just as was explained earlier,
thanks to Haruyuki’s efforts last night, the negative residual will
that could be said to have been the energy allowing for the existence of the Armor of Catastrophe was released. Currently, that
armor has no will of its own and has returned to being normal
Enhanced Armament…or it should have.”
At a glance from Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki nodded firmly. He
had given Takumu and the other three an overview of the events
that transpired after they had dispersed the previous day in an
email, one carefully composed over lunch break that day. Still, he
had been forced to leave out the part about being invited to
Kuroyukihime’s house.
“Nevertheless, the Armor still remains deep inside Haruyuki’s
avatar in the system as a parasitic object. Unless we completely
remove this using Utai’s power of purification, those thickheaded

kings will not recognize the Armor’s elimination. Utai?”
They shifted their eyes, and the youngest present tapped at her
holokeyboard with resolution.
UI> LEAVE IT TO ME. THAT IS PRECISELY WHY I AM HERE NOW. HOWEVER, IF THE TARGET IS AN ARC-CLASS, SUPER-HIGH-LEVEL ENHANCED
ARMAMENT, AN EQUIVALENTLY LONG TIME HAS TO BE ANTICIPATED FOR
THE PURIFICATION. MOST LIKELY, IT WILL TAKE AT LEAST AN HOUR.
“Mmm. So then, the other four of us are there to protect
Haruyuki and Utai from Enemies or other Burst Linkers, although these are not very likely. Naturally, we will select an area
away from the patrolling courses of large Enemies, but as you
well know, they are drawn by the ‘scent’ of the Incarnate…”
When Kuroyukihime closed her mouth, Takumu spoke with a
reliable grin. “If that happens, then we’ll earn back the points all
of us spent heading into the Unlimited Neutral Field, Master.”
“Ho-ho, that’s exactly right. If it comes to that, we can simply
lure the Enemies into Shinjuku and have them get cozy with an
Enemy hunting party in the vicinity of Leonids,” the actually
scary Master Raker said brightly, and everyone forced stiff smiles
onto their faces, at which point the meeting ended.
Just like they had the previous day, they connected their Neurolinkers directly, going through the Arita home server as a safety
measure.
This was actually the fourth time that Haruyuki was visiting
the Unlimited Neutral Field that week. However, when he cried
out the “unlimited burst” command with the others, there was no
longer any unease or fear in his heart, just the warmth of the feeling of believing in his companions.
Ardor Maiden, shrine maiden of purification, one of the Four Elements of the first Nega Nebulus. Haruyuki was already more than

well aware of the tremendous power Utai Shinomiya possessed.
He was convinced that the flames of the maiden—with which she
had defeated the ISS kit–using Olive Grab unscathed, burned a
similarly equipped Bush Utan right out of the Field, and then
caught and melted in a pool of magma even the massive knight
Enemy that had been guarding the inner sanctuary of the Castle—
contained an attack power of the greatest order in the Accelerated
World. However, the true nature of Utai’s power was not destruction. Haruyuki was about to learn that firsthand.
The location selected as the stage for purification was Koenji—
not the area, but the large temple near Haruyuki’s own condo
that gave the area its name. The temple grounds. Everyone
thought a Shinto shrine would have been more appropriate given
that Ardor Maiden was a shrine maiden, but she herself said that
she had absolutely no issue with a Buddhist temple, and there
were no shrines nearby to begin with, so that settled the matter.
Still, bathed in the moon’s cool, clear light in the Moonlight
stage, a powerful sense of the sacred drifted up and around the
temple grounds. Not a single element rejected the presence of the
shrine maiden in her white robe and crimson hakama pants. Utai
stood Haruyuki in the center of a large space, moved about three
meters away, and then turned to face him before stretching her
right hand out in front of her.
Small flames rose up in the slender fingers, flames that quickly
turned into a snowy white hand fan. The fan was opened with a
quietly satisfying snap, and the shrine maiden began to wave it
leisurely from left to right.
Red flames shot up in front of Haruyuki to the right, then the
left, then behind him to the right and left. While Kuroyukihime,
Fuko, Chiyuri, and Takumu stood a ways off and watched with
bated breath, Utai brought the fan back in front of her and
stepped onto the earth with the tip of her tabi-socked foot.
“‘Fleeting cherry blossoms…The sins of the fleeting cherry

blossoms scatter and take root’…”
The instant the “song” she chanted shook the cool atmosphere
of the Unlimited Neutral Field, a roaring conflagration broke out
inside the four fires encircling Haruyuki. His field of view itself
was dyed crimson, and the air carried with it a physical pressure
pushing against the body of Silver Crow from over a meter away.
However, Haruyuki didn’t feel the slightest bit of fear; he simply gave himself over to the power. He felt no heat or pain, and
his health gauge in the top left of his vision did not flinch from its
full state. He felt the overwhelming power of this fire was indeed
burning something away—no, “cleansing” it. To borrow Kuroyukihime’s words, the flames were likely burning the object parasite
status in the system, but with all five of his senses bathed in the
raging fire, the words connection and attachment floated up in
the back of Haruyuki’s mind.
Right. It was the Armor itself that had initially parasitized Silver Crow’s back. After that, the Beast, that pseudo-intelligence
that lived in the Armor, would occasionally speak to Haruyuki,
deepening the level of fusion until, finally, he awoke completely
as the sixth Chrome Disaster. But it would have been a lie to say
that in the process, an “attachment” hadn’t been born in
Haruyuki’s own heart, to power—to a desire for the overwhelming destructive power that the Armor held. Put another way, if
that feeling of attachment hadn’t existed, the Armor wouldn’t
have fused with him to such a deep level.
In the middle of the powerful, cool blaze produced by Utai Shinomiya’s Incarnate, Haruyuki felt the faint egotism remaining inside him being gently burned away. He closed his eyes, and as he
leisurely spread his limbs, he whispered deep in his heart to his
former comrade in arms:
Hey, Beast.

I didn’t hate you, you know. Working together with you and
fighting…It was pretty fun.
If we meet again someday in some other form, let’s duel for
sure then. One-on-one or in a tag-team match—either’s fine. A
real duel.
He got no reply. But Haruyuki felt like, somewhere far, far away,
he heard the fierce, beautiful Beast wrapped in those flames of
darkness howling at the moon.
Ardor Maiden continued to dance beautifully for an hour and
thirty minutes. The feared interruptions from Enemies or Burst
Linkers did not come. When the movements of the shrine maiden
gradually grew slower and finally stopped altogether, the pillars
of flame also turned into countless sparks and scattered, melting
into the night wind and disappearing.
Feet alighting on the earth, Haruyuki realized that two small
objects had materialized in his hands. Square cards glittering silver, transparently, in the light of the moon.
Carved on one of them was the text STAR CASTER; on the other,
the name THE DESTINY glittered brightly. The sword and the
Armor. These were nothing other than the initial forms of the binary stars that had appeared at the dawn of the Accelerated
World and transformed the destinies of so many Burst Linkers.
The fact that both had returned to a sealed card state meant that
the Disaster no longer existed anywhere in this world.
Clutching both cards tightly, Haruyuki took a few steps forward and bowed deeply toward Utai Shinomiya, who did indeed
appear to be mentally exhausted.
“Thank you, Mei. It’s over. All of it…”
“This is not something I alone accomplished. It is because you

were able to say a proper good-bye to the Armor, C.” A small
hand gently stroked Haruyuki’s helmet as she spoke.
When he lifted his face, beyond Utai he came to see Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Chiyuri, and Takumu—all with the same grins on
their faces.
Ardor Maiden took a few steps back, and Sky Raker moved to
support her. In her place, Black Lotus silently hovered forward
and nodded forcefully.
“Crow, you did well. Now there will be nothing to criticize you
for at the meeting of the Seven Kings this coming Sunday. Most
likely, at the meeting, the policy on dealing with the ISS kits and
the Acceleration Research Society will be the main topic, but you
can stand up tall and declare you are free. And as for what to do
with those two Enhanced Armaments, I’ll entrust them to you.
Think about it carefully and make your decision.”
While he was pleased with the unconditional trust implied in
his Legion Master’s words, Haruyuki shook his head slightly. “No,
um. Actually, I’ve already decided.”
“Oh?” The Black King cocked her head to one side, and Haru
took his eyes off her to look around at his friends.
“Everyone, especially you, Mei…I know you’re all tired, but…
could you help me out just a little more?”
First, Haruyuki touched his own health gauge to bring up the Instruct menu and then deposited both cards temporarily into his
nearly empty storage. Then he randomly smashed terrain objects
outside the temple to fully charge his special-attack gauge. Holding Utai in his right arm and Chiyuri in his left, he floated up into
the air a little, so that Takumu could dangle from his legs.
Kuroyukihime climbed onto Fuko’s back, equipped with the
booster-type Enhanced Armament Gale Thruster.

In this formation, the six headed due south, following Kannana Street. They left the Setagaya area, shifted east on Meguro
Street, and headed toward Shibaura-futo alongside Tokyo Bay,
avoiding the city center.
Coming down in a spot from which he could see the Shibaura
parking area off the Daiba Route of the Shuto Expressway to the
north, Haruyuki waited for Fuko and Kuroyukihime to catch up
with a long jump using the booster, and intently compared the
surrounding terrain with his hazy memory.
In the Moonlight stage, the storehouses of the wharf were
transformed into buildings in the style of splendid sanctuaries.
The wide road for trucks that stretched between them running
east-west met an intersection—
“It’s here.” He turned toward the other five, who had no idea
what that was exactly, and said, “Um, there should be an item on
the ground somewhere in that intersection.”
“An item? Not a card, an object?”
He assented to Takumu’s question with a nod.
“But, like, things dropped on the ground of the Unlimited
Neutral Field, don’t they get swept away and disappear in the
Change every time?” Chiyuri asked, and Haruyuki brought his
head up and down once, only to then move it from side to side.
“Yeah, usually, that’s how it works. But I feel like I heard that
for supervaluable things, even when the Change happens, they
don’t disappear, not after days…even years. That’s right, isn’t it,
Kuroyukihime?” He turned his gaze on Kuroyukihime, likely the
most senior Burst Linker in that spot, and she nodded slightly.
“Mmm. That is exactly right. But items with infinite endurance
are relatively limited. Legion Master quest achievement proof…
proof of passing through the four great dungeons…”

“And the key to your own house, right?” Fuko noted casually.
Haruyuki nodded firmly. “That’s it!” he shouted. “What I want
you to look for is a key.”
The ground of the Moonlight stage was thinly covered with a
crisp, dry, superfine white sand. Because of this, it could hardly
be said to be the perfect place to look for something, but it was
still better than the Corroded Forest stage, with its poisonous
bogs all over the place, or the Purgatory stage, swarming with repulsive insects. Haruyuki considered the various options as he
turned his energies to digging in the white sand spread out over
the large intersection.
In truth, it wasn’t as though he had any proof that a key was
buried in there. But on the other hand, he also had a certain confidence that he was in that place now because something—or
someone—had led him there. The dream he’d had inside the Castle, that long, long dream…If the final chapter of that sad tale was
indeed historical fact, then they would definitely find the key
there. When he was really little, he had picked up a tiny obsidian
arrowhead in the mountains of Okutama when he was climbing
there with his parents. Just like that stone implement, the key
had to have been quietly waiting here this whole time, waiting for
when someone would come along and find it.
As the fingers of his right hand stroked the sand for the however-many-hundredth time, tunk—they touched something.
His hand froze, and then he began to carefully grope around
below the sand. He grabbed on to something and pulled it up: a
small silver key, completely unblemished even now after an eternity had passed. He guessed it must have been nearly seven thousand years.
“…I found it…,” he murmured, and stood up. Noticing him, his
friends stopped their own searches and came over to him. He

held up the small object, which shone in the light of the moon, so
that everyone could see it. “I found it,” he said again. “This is
what I was looking for.”
“Crow…what is that key for?” Chiyuri asked.
“I’ll take you there now,” he replied. “Of course, it’s not my
house, but…I think the owners would forgive me.”
After he carefully put the small key away into his item storage,
Haruyuki started out toward their next destination. But there was
no need to fly a long distance this time. Across the Rainbow
Bridge from Shibaurafuto into Odaiba, due south, they descended
on the northern side of a place that was called Akatsuki Futo Park
in the real world.
Along the narrow road, there was a small house with slightly
different coloring than the other terrain objects. If Haruyuki
hadn’t picked up the key earlier, he wouldn’t have been able to
even find the house, much less touch it. Because this was a socalled player home, which granted access only to the Burst Linker
who had purchased the extraordinarily expensive key from one of
the shops dotting the Unlimited Neutral Field.
The house, standing there with walls of white rock bathed in
the hazy moonlight, somehow resembled Kuroyukihime’s home,
which he had visited the previous evening. Haruyuki took a few
steps into the modest front yard and looked back over his shoulder.
“This is Chrome Falcon and Saffron Blossom’s house,” he announced.
All five of his companions opened their eyes wide. Although he
had only really given them all a rough overview of the story tied
up in the Armor of Catastrophe, they all seemed to understand
right away. The reason why Haruyuki had worked so hard to find
the key, why he had come to this place.

“So then, the intersection before at Shibaurafuto,” Utai murmured, and Haruyuki moved his head up and down in assent.
“Yes. It’s where Blossom lost all her points and disappeared
from this world…and it’s also where Falcon was finally subjugated after that, when he became the first Chrome Disaster. So I
figured whichever one of them had the key, it would definitely
still be there.”
“I see. Indeed, there is no more suitable place than this to put
those two Enhanced Armaments to rest,” Kuroyukihime said,
turning her eyes on Haruyuki, and nodded deeply as if to say,
This is good.
After Haruyuki nodded back, he opened his storage and
turned the three items in question into objects. With the two card
items in his left hand and the small key in his right, he slowly
walked toward the house. He didn’t even have to put the key into
the doorknob; at his approach alone, the cute door opened without a sound.
“Pardon my intrusion,” he said, and slipped through the doorway.
The inside of the house had been carefully customized with a
variety of furnishings and small items, and even in the bluishwhite light of the moon, it looked very cozy. But he did feel a thick
sadness hanging in the long, still air. That was only natural. The
two who had once lived in this house no longer existed anywhere
in this world.
Glancing back, he saw that Kuroyukihime and the others had
apparently decided to wait in the entryway and were silently
watching over him. In that case, he couldn’t make them wait too
long. He had already made Utai in particular, who must have
been tired after the long purification, keep him company for
nearly two hours.

Haruyuki turned his gaze back toward the inside of the house.
“Blossom,” he said. “Thanks to the help you gave me, I was able
to return to the people I love again…Falcon, I’m going to keep
thinking about what it is you wanted, what you were trying to destroy…Thank you.”
It was all he could do to put the many thoughts filling his heart
into these brief words, what with his impoverished language abilities. Even so, he felt sure that he had managed to communicate
what needed to be said to both of them, and he took a step forward. On top of the table where the two who had loved each other
had eaten, talked, and gazed at the other, he placed the two card
items. Next to these, he set the silver key.
“Good-bye.”
He took a step back and turned around, heading toward the
door, where his friends were waiting. Just as he was about to
leave the room, he felt like he heard someone calling out to stop
him. Turning around again, Haruyuki saw…
A slender, somewhat dark-silver avatar that looked a lot like
Silver Crow standing to one side of the table. Beside him, sitting
on the white chair, was a golden-yellow girl-type avatar. And on
the girl’s lap, curled up in a circle, eyes closed happily, was a
small black cat.
The three figures were half-transparent in the moonlight and
flickered hazily. But Haruyuki was sure that they were no simple
illusion. The boy and the girl, and the kitten their love had produced, had finally returned to the place they were meant to.
Good-bye. Someday, we’ll meet again.
Holding back tears that threatened to spill over, Haruyuki
once more murmured a farewell in his heart. And then he took a
large step back, to return to where his friends were waiting for
him outside the door.

12
Once again—the following day, Saturday, June 22, 2:30 PM.
Haruyuki was walking by himself in the yard at Umesato Junior High. Since it was Saturday, his classes had, of course, ended
in the morning. Apparently, for a while, starting at the end of the
previous century, there had been a dreamlike era when the majority of elementary and junior high schools had had a five-day
system—in other words, they had Saturday and Sunday off—but
the number of schools reopening voluntarily for Saturday classes
skyrocketed in the 2010s, and now, in 2047, the Ministry of Education acted as though there had never been a five-day system
right from the start.
But then, if Haruyuki had hypothetically had Saturday off, he
couldn’t have simply spent the whole day lying around the house
anyway, since the Brain Burst Territories were held at five PM
every Saturday. This event to fight for control over areas in team
battles of a minimum of three against three could be said to be
the very reason for the existence of Legions.
The Black Legion, Nega Nebulus, had managed to protect the
entire Area within Suginami Ward with five people until then, but
starting that day, they would be six. Naturally, this was because
one of the former Elements, Ardor Maiden—Utai Shinomiya—
had come back to the Legion. Not only did this mean they could
split up into teams of three and simultaneously defend two territories, they also added to their ranks the long-awaited red longdistance type. Thus far, they had been mercilessly routed in battles that had someone with ridiculous defenses in the vanguard of
the attacking team and someone else slamming them with massive firepower from behind that wall. But starting that day, that

strategy would no longer work so well for his enemies. He would
love to have Utai on the same team as him and, just once, be action-movie cool in their formation: “Mei, I’m gonna go smash
that weapon in the back—cover me!”
At some point, Haru realized he had stopped dead in the middle of the yard and was grinning to himself, and he hurriedly
began walking again. His destination was, of course, the wooden
animal hutch in the northwestern corner of the Umesato
grounds, which the majority of students didn’t even know existed.
Ever since the lone three members of Nega Nebulus had
started fighting in the Territories the previous autumn, Saturday
afternoons were, for Haruyuki, a time of boredom. They were released from the classroom at 12:50 PM, after the long homeroom
in fourth period. Once he ate lunch in the deserted cafeteria after
that, it was barely one thirty, and it felt like an eternity until the
Territories started at five.
Kuroyukihime was busy with student council work and
Takumu and Chiyuri both had practice, so he couldn’t get any of
them to hang out with him and kill time. Since they could take
part in the battles from anywhere in the Suginami Area, there was
no issue with him just going home, but then he couldn’t share the
joy of victory (or the sadness of defeat) with the other three diving from the school, which was just too depressing. Thus, up to
that point, he had done things like flip through the pages of picture books in the library or challenge himself to get new high
scores in various games on the local net, but that lonely existence
had also abruptly ended this week.
Haruyuki had finally been assigned a job to devote his time to
on Saturdays: president of the Umesato Junior High Animal Care
Club.
Arriving in front of the animal hutch, he peered in through the
wire screen to begin his agenda with a greeting. It might have
been a hutch, but it was relatively large inside, where two tree

perches stood. On the highest branch of the one on the left sat the
figure of a bird. He held on with one foot, eyes closed sleepily. It
was a bird of prey about twenty centimeters in length, a gray pattern on its white plumage, sharp beak buried in the down of his
chest—a northern white-faced owl, Hoo.
Since it had still only been five days since they’d met,
Haruyuki didn’t really feel that the owl was ready to open up to
him, but even so, perhaps sensing his presence, Hoo raised just
his right eyelid and stared at Haru with a beautiful, copper-colored eye.
“Hey, Hoo. Pretty hot today, huh?” As he spoke to the bird, he
manipulated his virtual desktop and connected with the body
weight and temperature sensors embedded in Hoo’s perch. Both
were within the normal range, and his weight, which dropped a
little immediately after he moved here, seemed to have basically
returned to normal.
At Haruyuki’s greeting, the white-faced owl flapped a wing in
restless annoyance before once more going into nap mode.
Haruyuki smiled wryly and went to wirelessly open the door’s
electronic lock so he could first wash and replace the paper laid
out in the hutch.
From behind, he heard the quiet sound of footsteps on the
mossy ground. He turned, thinking that Hoo’s original owner,
Matsunogi Academy fourth-grade student Utai Shinomiya, was
already here. But there, Haruyuki saw someone not only completely unexpected but completely unfamiliar.
The white, short-sleeved shirt and gray skirt with the hint of
green in it was the uniform of Umesato. The ribbon around her
neck was blue—eighth grade. The loosely curled long hair, the
thinly plucked eyebrows, and the eyeliner just barely light enough
so it wouldn’t be called out by the teachers all indicated that she
belonged to a school caste that Haruyuki had basically zero connection with. The Neurolinker peeking out of her collar was also

the “deco” type, a glossy pink studded with rhinestones.
Approximately 0.2 seconds after looking at the beautiful but
somehow coercive face, Haruyuki dropped his gaze toward the
ground. “Uh, um, did you…lose something?” he mumbled. “If I
find it, I’ll make sure to note it in the lost and found in the local
net, so…” He said this, assuming that there would be no other
reason for a student like this to ever come out to this part of the
school grounds. But a few seconds later, he got another surprise.
“What, you forgot? You’re supposed to be the president,
y’know.”
“Huh?” Reflexively, he jerked his head up and looked at the
girl’s face again, for 0.5 seconds this time. And then he did actually feel like he had met her somewhere before. They were in the
same grade at the same school, so he had probably passed her or
something in the hallway, but it wasn’t that— Wait. President?
Did she mean of the Animal Care Club?
“Oh! R-right, you’re, uh…Class B…I-Iza—” He dug intently
into the deepest layers of his memory for the name.
“Iiiiizeeeekiiii!” a scary voice corrected him. “Reina Izeki!”
No longer able to look at the girl’s face, Haruyuki bobbed his
head up and down. He had completely forgotten she existed, but
this Izeki was essentially Haruyuki’s colleague—a member of the
same club. She was one of the three people newly elected at the
beginning of this week, to accommodate the animal (Hoo) from
Matsunogi Academy, which was part of the same corporation as
Umesato. Haruyuki had announced his candidacy and ended up
president, so forgetting the name and face of a member was absolutely unforgivable.
He panicked slightly at the dangerous mistake, at the super
blunder, but fortunately, rather than reproaching the president
any further, Izeki simply moved briskly over to the hutch. She

peered in through the mesh. “Oh, wow!” she said, the swords
gone from her voice. “It’s, like, really an owl. Damn! It’s, like,
super fluffy, right?”
Her tone, at any rate, expressed simple surprise, and she was
even taking care to lower her voice out of consideration for the
clearly sleeping Hoo, so Haruyuki was slowly released from his
state of fear.
“Y-yeah. An owl. It’s a northern white-faced owl,” he noted
timidly.
Izeki glanced back at him, her curls swinging. “Is a white-faced
owl different from a regular owl?”
“Oh! Um. A white-faced owl’s a type of owl. More precisely, Strigiformes order, Strigidae family, Otus genus.”
“Whoa. What’s its name?”
“Hoo.”
“…That is some seriously simple naming there. Who named
it?”
“A-apparently, they voted on it.” Although it was just him
somehow answering questions when asked, he was at any rate
managing to carry on a conversation.
Izeki nodded with a “huh” and turned her eyes back toward
the hutch. She put a hand to her mouth and called out quietly,
“Hoo, Hooooo.”
There’s no way that extremely unsociable Professor Whiteface there is going to respond to someone he’s only just met in
the middle of the day like this, Haruyuki thought. But the instant
Hoo heard Izeki’s voice, he snapped open not one, but both eyes.
He turned his head around and seemed to identify the person

standing beyond the mesh, but what surprised Haruyuki was that
he spread both wings and flew off his perch.
“Whoa! Wow!” Izeki cried out at the sight of Hoo flying majestically inside the hutch. “It’s flying! It’s flying! Crap! It’s super
gorgeous!”
…I show up and I get one eye open. What’s with the big show
here? Haruyuki unconsciously grumbled in his heart, but Hoo
flew around a full five times in feigned ignorance before returning
to the perch and sleep mode, holding on with one foot, ear
coverts tucked back. Izeki watched with even greater enthusiasm.
Turning toward her face in profile, Haruyuki hesitantly asked,
“So, um, Izeki…why all of a sudden today?”
Instantly, she was glaring at him out of the corner of her eye,
and he froze up once more. “Well, I am a member of this club,
too. Not a crime for me to show up?”
“Th-that’s true…but on the first day, you didn’t—you didn’t
seem so happy to be in the club…I kinda thought, but—”
“That’s ’cos I was seriously crazy tired then, and you said it
was okay, so I just went home! But then I saw the activity log actually being uploaded, and I dunno, I kinda regretted going
home, like, I figured making you clean that shed all by yourself,
totes impossible! That a crime?!”
Unable to tell whether he was being blamed for something or
apologized to, Haruyuki shook his head from side to side. “N-no,
that’s not a crime.”
“That’s why I thought I should hurry and say sorry, but then
you didn’t give us any jobs at all! You just do the club stuff by
yourself every day, so I had to come to you, you know! That a
crime?!”

“N-no, that’s not a crime at all.” Shaking his head from side to
side once more, Haruyuki worked hard to process and synthesize
the convoluted story, and reached a conclusion. Looking up at
Izeki, he nervously sought confirmation. “Umm. S-so then, uh,
Izeki, you came to do the club work, to take care of Hoo?”
“That’s what I been saying this whole time!”
Really? He stopped himself from cocking his head to one side
and let out the breath he’d been holding in a long sigh.
If that was the case, then even if it was someone from a class
he had absolutely no connection with in everyday life, and a girl
on top of that, he was honestly glad to have her. The hutch was
big, and cleaning it was pretty hard. Plus, when he was by himself, he had to be really careful about opening and closing the
door. He sucked the June air, with its scent of green, into his
empty lungs. “Okay, then,” he said boldly. “Umm, a whole bunch
of leaves have piled up in front of the hutch again. How about we
clear them away first? We can just sorta push them together with
a broom.”
“Okay!”
Fortunately, this time, rather than grumbling about how tired
she was or how annoying this was, Izeki accepted the bamboo
broom Haruyuki held out to her. He felt secretly relieved at the
sight of her awkwardly sweeping away the damp leaves, and then
he also started working.
Hoo appeared to no longer be paying attention to the pair of
humans working in front of the wire mesh; he simply continued
to doze on the perch. The white-faced owl was totally at home in
his new residence five days after moving in, and Haruyuki spoke
to him in his mind as he worked.
Hoo, I have to thank you. This is the first time I’ve ever taken
care of a living creature, but I actually feel like you’re teaching

me all kinds of things instead. The meaning of living, of flying. I
can’t put it into words properly, but I think it’s because I got to
meet you that I could fly faster and higher than the God Suzaku.
I’m still totally hopeless in the real world and in the Accelerated World…and even still, it’s only bit by bit, but lately, I’ve
started feeling like I’m moving forward…
Digesting these thoughts, he actually moved to take a step forward.
Instantly.
Something was yanking on the back of his shirt.
“Ngh?!” Startled, Haruyuki looked back, and found yet another wholly unexpected personage.
She was also in a school uniform, but the ivory summer cardigan and the plaid skirt were not that of Umesato Junior High.
Short, fluffy, unruly hair, bright-green Neurolinker. The fingertips of her right hand were holding tightly to Haruyuki’s shirt,
and for some reason, both eyes were damp. Her appearance here
was unexpected, but she was not unknown to him.
“R-R-R-Rin Kusakabe,” he said, right cheek stiffening. “Whwh-what are you…?”
And then, for some reason, suddenly tears. Blithely dodging
both the vocalized and unvocalized questions, the Great Wall
member, level-five Burst Linker Ash Roller—and the girl Rin
Kusakabe in the real world—opened her mouth slightly. “Who…
are you?”
Naturally, the question to establish identity was not directed at
Haruyuki. Rin’s gaze was turned toward Izeki, the Animal Care
Club member standing a little ways off, bamboo broom still in
hand, gaping. When Haruyuki froze, unable to comprehend the

current situation, she strode over somewhat haughtily.
“I could ask you the same thing,” she remarked, in a voice that
was just the slightest bit thorny. “That uniform’s Shibuya Sasajo,
yeah? What’s a little princess doing in a place like this?…Wait.
Huh? What? Is that it?”
Haruyuki had basically no idea what it was, but he did feel
something improper somehow in the eyes Izeki was shooting
back and forth between him and Rin.
To at least put the situation on hold, he waved his hand. “I-I-IIzeki, h-h-h-hold on a minute!”
And then he moved over to the wall of the second school building, dragging Rin still clutching his shirt. “Uh, um, uh, Kusakabe
—” he said, with a quiet urgency.
“My brother’s Kusakabe, too, so you can just call me Rin.”
“R-R-R-R-R-Rin, um, okay…What are you doing here?! We
have the Territories later—Oh! A-a-a-are you maybe going to go
in from here? I mean, are you—?”
You’re not actually going to transfer Legions today? Leave
Great Wall for Nega Nebulus? So then starting today that
mighty-me-mega-lucky century-end rider’s my comrade?
Rin moved her head at a slight angle. “I’ll be. Fighting,” she
said. “But…I’m on the. Attacking side again. Today. Transferring
Legions. That’s for. My brother to decide.”
“Oh! Th-that’s…” He nodded, tasting something like relief,
something like regret, and then was stunned once more. “A-a-aattacking side?! B-b-b-but the Territories are a minimum of three
people. Where are the other two?”

“They’re on standby. On the border between Shibuya. And Suginami. It’s U and…”
U was the familiar Ya feel me?! Bush Utan. Although he had
been swallowed up by the magical power of the ISS kit, after he
was betrayed and hunted by his friends, he had apparently been
able to return to his old self. Even if the kit hypothetically remained within the avatar, it was possible to have him purified by
Ardor Maiden after the Territories were over that day or something.
“…the other is Iron Pound.”
“Huh, okay. Even if he is on the enemy side, I’m glad Utan’s
back to his old— Wait, whaaaaat?!” Haruyuki involuntarily
shrieked at the third name Rin uttered so casually. If he had
heard right, Rin’s attacking team included the fearsome boxer
avatar, number three of GW’s Six Armors, also known as “Iron
Fist.”
“Heeeeey, Prez! How long you gonna jabber over there? Job’s
not even close to done here!”
Izeki had apparently overcome her numbness, and at the
sound of her voice, Haruyuki was forced to once again put the situation on hold. Before the Territories, he had to first take care of
his club work right now. It was unclear how Izeki was interpreting Rin’s presence, but if Haru neglected to explain it, he had the
feeling that by next week, an extremely suspicious rumor would
be flying around the second floor of the main school building.
Returning to the hutch with Rin still hanging from his shirt,
Haruyuki blathered on with an explanation he forcefully twisted
out in an even shriller voice. “Uh, um, Izeki, this is Kusakabe, but
she’s, uh…You know there’s a special Matsunogi Academy member of the club, right? So she’s a friend of her friend, and she
came to help out today.”

It wasn’t a complete lie. Fuko Kurasaki, who was a “friend” of
the special member Utai Shinomiya, was the “master” of Rin
Kusakabe. That she had come to help was something Haruyuki
made up on the spot, but it was possible to make that true after
the fact. He would just have to get Rin to actually help with the
cleaning now.
“Hmmmm.” Izeki made a long, noncommittal sound, perhaps
accepting this, perhaps not, and she flicked her eyes back and
forth between Rin and Haruyuki. “You got it going on, huh, Prez?
Maybe, like, I’m in the way?”
“I-I-I’m not doing anything! And y-y-you’re not in the way at
all; you’re super helpful, super!”
Possibly acknowledging his shrieked reply, Izeki nodded her
head, sending her curls swinging. “’Kay,” she said. “Anyway, I’ll
keep cleaning or whatever. What’re we gonna do after collecting
all the leaves? Burn ’em?”
“I-if we burn them, the patrol cars’ll be here super fast, super!”
“That was a joke.” Grinning, his colleague returned to the
hutch, and Haruyuki followed her with a heavy breath.
Rin finally released his shirt, and he handed her the broom he
had in his right hand before setting himself to fetch the dustpan
and a garbage bag from the small cupboard beside the hutch.
Suddenly, a bolt of lightning snapped through the space between his eyebrows.
Murderous intent…?! Before he leapt back, a voice announcing a new danger rang out through the yard.
“Ah! Haru, what exactly is going on here?!”
His entire body froze with a start, and Haruyuki seriously con-

sidered whether he should turn toward the east, the direction the
voice had come from, or run away to the southwest, toward the
central courtyard. If Izeki hadn’t been there, he might well have
chosen the latter, but the president couldn’t very well abandon
his members in the middle of work and flee.
Left with no other choice, his body creaking like the wheels of
a gear, Haruyuki turned and saw Chiyuri in her tracksuit, holding
up a shopping bag full of what were likely refreshments.
To her left stood Utai Shinomiya, red backpack slung over her
shoulders, carrying a second bag with a meal for Hoo in her hand.
Farther back, smiling brightly, but still clad in an aura that forced
Haru to conjecture certain things, was Fuko Kurasaki. And then,
walking to Chiyuri’s right, dressed in her jet-black custom uniform, her beauty almost intimidating, the look drifting across her
face reminiscent of an unsheathed blade, the vice president of the
Umesato Junior High student council, Kuroyukihime.
The similarly tracksuited Takumu coming in and out of view
behind the four girls was some comfort, but the grin on his face
said, Don’t give up, Haru. Haruyuki shook his head furiously
back and forth and desperately tried to make his face say, Help
me, Taku.
“So, like, it’s a whole party. They all helpers, too?”
Glancing back, he saw Izeki, broom in one hand, looking at
Haruyuki with a truly exasperated expression.
“Prez, what exactly are you?”
“I-I’m nobody!” he replied, in a small voice.
Finally abandoning the hope of fleeing, Haruyuki straightened
his back and turned to face Kuroyukihime and the others, as he
repeated once more in his head:

Right. By myself, I’m absolutely nobody. Nothing but a regular,
nothing-special-about-him, timid, socially phobic, game-obsessed junior high school boy.
But just when I’m with my precious friends, I can definitely
be someone. I can try a little harder than when I’m by myself; I
can stand a little straighter. And I can believe in myself, just a
tiny bit.
Inside the animal hutch, perhaps sensing that Utai had arrived,
Hoo flapped both wings forcefully. Haruyuki took a step forward
as though that flapping were pushing at his back and waved his
right hand in a wide arc at the five people approaching.
END

AFTERWORD
Reki Kawahara here. Thank you so much for reading Accel World
9: The Seven-Thousand-Year Prayer.
This is the volume on the Armor of Catastrophe, Chrome Disaster, which first appeared in Volume 2, and was taken up as a
main part of the story in Volume 6. But in Volume 9 here, we finally get to see the end, for now at least. I really do appreciate all
of you putting up with the “to be continued” at the end of Volumes 6, 7, and 8, and sticking with me right up until “the end.”
But since there are still so many plotlines left stacked up in
here (or rather, so many were added in this volume…), it doesn’t
look like we’ll reach the conclusion of the story itself anytime
soon. What will Haruyuki aim for in the end? What is hiding in
Kuroyukihime’s past? Why does the Accelerated World exist? Although it’s not entirely certain that I’ll really be able to write
everything out to that extent, I’d like to keep going the way I have
been, one volume at a time, having fun with it myself. At any rate,
I want to make Volume 10 something cheerful and fun that is
complete in one volume! Yes!!
And I wasn’t sure whether or not to touch on this, but maybe
just a little…Those of you who have read Volume 8 of my other
series Sword Art Online were no doubt wondering “Who is
that?!” when you saw the new girl character standing in the way
in the spread with the preview of Accel Volume 9 at the end of the
book. Who exactly that was is made clear in part four of this volume, but I had no intention of announcing, “So-and-so is a girl!”
through her appearance there. (At any rate, I’ll avoid spoilers.)
I’m sure I’ll have a chance to write about her in more detail in

the future, so until then, I’d be pleased if you could be in anguish
over it…It would help, anyway. (lol)
Since I only have a few lines left, I’ll make one announcement
here. I believe it’s probably also noted on the obi band of Volume
9, but Accel World is being turned into a television anime show.
Sunrise is doing the production. The Sunrise. I’m right in the
middle of the Gundam generation, and the structure of the duel
avatars has been influenced in a variety of ways by the Sunrise robots, so I couldn’t be happier at just getting to see Crow and
Lotus moving on-screen. I do sincerely hope you will all take in
the anime version of Accel!
To my illustrator, HIMA, who put heart and soul into the design for said new character; my editor, Miki, who gave me more
corrections than basically ever before on the scene with that character (lol); and, to repeat myself, all you readers who stayed with
me right until the end of the Armor arc, thank you so much!
Reki Kawahara
August 11, 2011

