Haruyuki stared through the eyes of his pig avatar at the gray,
counterclockwise streaks making helixes within six steel holes.
Nothing existed in the space around him. There were only white
floors and white walls and a white ceiling encompassing him—a
vast, empty room.
The bluish hunk of steel alone in the center of the room was a
large automatic handgun. The hairline-finished slide, the checkering carved into the grip, the overwhelming weight and density
of the weapon, and the very coolness of the thing could all be seen
and felt, but of course, it was not the real thing. This device of unknown make and model was a virtual substitute Haruyuki had selected at random, from gun polygon elements placed here.
But it did shoot bullets. For that purpose, he had it pointed at
the brow of his avatar, which stood a mere twenty meters away.
He had cobbled together this VR training app, referring constantly to the manual as he did, and the dreariness of the perfectly white room had actually depressed him when he first dived
into it. What he had really wanted to make was the roof of a skyscraper, with a dark-suited hit man holding the gun, but the burden of creating all that was too much for a simple gamer still in
junior high.
Had he asked her—his teacher, more experienced at these
things than he was—she likely would’ve slapped it together for
him in seconds, no matter how elaborate the specs. But Haruyuki
hadn’t asked. He’d been afraid she would wonder why he was
practicing such remedial stuff this late in the game. In the end,
he’d managed to create a substitute that was the epitome of
dreary: a single, clumsy handgun floating in a room that was so
totally and completely white it literally made his eyeballs hurt.
But when he actually used the program, he wasn’t entirely displeased with the way it had turned out. Either way, the gun was
the only thing in the room other than himself. Whether he

wanted to or not, he had no choice but to focus on its muzzle.
Crouching in the body of his pink pig avatar, Haruyuki slowly
spread his arms wide, all the while staring intently at a single
black hole.
He’d long since lost any sense of time and had no idea how
many minutes he’d exhausted carrying on this way. The app’s
programming was exceedingly simple: Once he positioned himself and called out, “Start,” the handgun automatically targeted
Haruyuki and fired a single shot within a thirty-minute time
frame following a five-second countdown.
Naturally had this been the real world, he’d just die, unable to
do anything. But this was a virtual space created by his Neurolinker. The bullet’s speed and distance were calibrated to allow
him to avoid the projectile if he reacted the instant he saw the
muzzle fire.
The issue, however, was that he had absolutely no idea when
in those thirty minutes the gun would discharge. Nothing existed
here to allow him to read the ball’s trajectory or timing, unlike in
the virtual squash game at which he was so adept. All he could do
was keep his eyes open and maintain his concentration.
But this was exceptionally difficult. Right from the jump, his
ability to focus for long periods had been nothing to write home
about. When he started this training a month earlier, the nervous
tension of the situation had broken in a mere two or three minutes, after which he would unconsciously start going through the
Kuroyukihime album in his mind, and just when he was smiling
faintly to himself, he would take a merciless slug from an invisible assassin.
But Haruyuki had made this app himself, which was exactly
why he stubbornly persisted with the training.
At any rate, his opponent was a single, stationary gun. Given

that Field duels were fought for a full thirty minutes by battleseasoned stalwarts whipping out a variety of awe-inspiring and
overstimulating techniques, this training was almost easy.
Haruyuki’s plan had been to increase the number of guns to
five within a month. But here he was, still struggling with a single
bullet fired from a lone pistol.
He had no talent. He’d known that right from the start. But if
he didn’t even try to train and stretch what little talent might lie
buried within him, she would forever be higher than him—he
would never stand shoulder-to-shoulder with her.
Damn. Dammit! I have to get faster, I have to be stronger.
For her. So I can keep being her partner.
The impatience growing in Haruyuki’s heart turned to noise,
stiffening his avatar’s limbs.
Almost as if the gun had been waiting for this, the trigger
moved with a faint, metallic rasp. The hammer hit the firing pin.
The slide recoiled, and the muzzle spit out an orange flash.
“Ngh..…!!” Haruyuki threw himself into a leap to the right, but
his initial reaction was the tiniest bit off, and the spinning bullet
gouged his left cheek up to his ear.
The impact, on par with getting slammed by a massive hammer, sent him flying helplessly. He yelped at the searing pain ripping through his body all over again as he bounced across the
white floor.
“Ah! Aaaah!!” He held his head in his short hand and continued screaming as he rolled across the floor.
He had slapped an illegal patch on this app, one pulled from
the net to neuter the default pain absorber built into his Neurolinker. He’d also cranked up the gain on the pain generator, so

this shooter app he’d built could deliver a shock to the diver essentially equivalent to actually getting shot.
“Ah…ah!!”
Haruyuki writhed on the floor, tears in his eyes, his entire
body convulsing. This made three times today that he’d endured
this pain. Since embarking on this training a month ago, he
couldn’t count the number of times it’d happened. But he felt like
he would never get the least bit used to it, no matter how many
times it seared him. On the other hand, he was currently operating at what was basically the upper limit of his pain threshold as
he’d quickly acclimated himself to the previous levels he’d set.
However, an adverse effect of this was that occasionally
Haruyuki’s Neurolinker would detect these abnormal brain
waves, activate the safety, and automatically disengage the full
dive. This function was hardwired, which meant it couldn’t simply be hacked. The Neurolinker hit that hard limit now, and the
white room before him disappeared without warning.
Gravity’s axes suddenly changed. The real world rushed back
from the depths of darkness, dragged out like a starburst. Tears
were spilling out of Haruyuki’s real eyes, and what met his
blurred, distorted vision was the utterly familiar blue-gray door
of the boys’ washroom stall.
Although he could dive during school now because she had exorcised his bullies, leaving no one around to play tricks on his
body while he was in a full dive, Haruyuki would be in serious
trouble if a teacher found out about such a dangerous program.
But he had an even more important reason for diving in the
washroom, if only when using this app. The lingering remnants of
intense pain and the shock of being abruptly yanked out of a full
dive threw Haruyuki’s nervous system into such confusion that
everything around him spun slightly—the mere thought of which
was enough to send his stomach careening upward.

“…Hrngh!” Haruyuki clamped a hand over his mouth, dropped
to the floor from his perch on the closed lid of the toilet, turned
around, and flipped the lid up.
He just barely made it, and the backward flow from his digestive organs was entirely confined within the region meant to contain it. After those organs had repeatedly emptied themselves, he
stretched out a limp hand and pushed the button on the wall.
Haruyuki felt the whirling water close to his face but couldn’t
muster the energy to get up, and he stayed slumped over the toilet. The tears running down his face slid off to be swallowed up
immediately by the toilet’s flow.
These tears weren’t just the byproduct of the extreme pain and
the vomiting. His own weakness frustrated him, and Haruyuki
clenched his teeth tightly, shoulders shaking.
This training was only supposed to improve his basic reaction
speed—in duels, depending on who your opponent was, you could
be showered by rapid gunfire in the space of a few seconds. And
yet despite the goal of his training, Haruyuki was a month in and
his evasion rate had only barely increased, from 20 to 30 percent.
She said he should take his time, get stronger at his own pace.
But Haruyuki couldn’t help but fear that the depths of those eyes
actually harbored a deep disappointment.
It had already been three months since Haruyuki first used a
function hidden in his Neurolinker to accelerate his thoughts, obtained from the fighting game Brain Burst—where one fought on
a battlefield that was half reality—and become a Burst Linker, a
player in that game.
Initially, Silver Crow, the duel avatar he controlled, had been
able to leverage the enormous advantage of being the only avatar
with the ability to fly to make easy progress. He’d reached level
two after a mere week; within a month, he’d moved up to level

three. He’d even started believing he might actually be a real hero
in that world.
But it was all just fleeting glory, gone the moment someone
figured out his weakness: Flying also meant your whole body was
constantly exposed to enemy eyes. Faced with sharpshooting abilities wielded by a sniper so fast and accurate it would be nearly
impossible to see the bullet, he was nothing more than a sitting
duck.
When Haruyuki finally made it to level four, he became mired
in a series of eternal stalemates. There was a total lack of progress
on their current objective—the expansion of the domain held by
his Legion, Nega Nebulus—and just maintaining their sovereignty
over the area around his school required their undivided attention.
Territories—areas controlled by Legions—were recognized by
the system when a Legion maintained a better than 50 percent
win average in the Territory Battle Time set aside each Saturday
evening. During that period, groups challenged rivals of equal
number, regardless of level. Members of a Legion were given the
right to refuse a duel in territories under their Legion’s control,
even when their Neurolinkers were connected globally.
But as a result of other Burst Linkers studying Silver Crow’s
unique abilities, the enemy teams that came after them during
the group fighting time invariably included a duel avatar with impressive antiaircraft abilities, leading Haruyuki to hang up basic
flight. Which meant that Silver Crow was nothing more than a
close-range fighter who couldn’t take a hit to save his life. His win
rate dropped before his eyes, and his teammates, Cyan Pile and
Black Lotus, were constantly forced to cover him.
Which was the reason for the special training.
If he could dodge at least half of the antiaircraft attacks, he
could identify the shooter’s position and then crush them with his

superpowerful sudden-drop attack. That’s what he’d been thinking when he put the app together, but he didn’t feel like he was
getting any results at all. If he couldn’t dodge a bullet even when
he knew exactly where it was coming from, how was he supposed
to avoid an anti-aerial assault coming from the shadow of some
obstacle on the duel field?
She didn’t show any impatience or annoyance on the surface.
On the contrary, she gently encouraged him every time he racked
up another ugly defeat in the Territory fights. But the disappointment that was surely building inside her scared Haruyuki half out
of his mind.
And if I end up dropping even further…
Lately, he’d catch thoughts like this popping up, shocking even
himself. If he was just going to let her down, it would have been
better if none of this had ever happened. His old habit of running
away reared its ugly head, and little by little, the desire swelled in
the very bottom of Haruyuki’s heart.
He’d thought he could change. For a time, he’d believed that
the moment he’d accepted that copy of Brain Burst and become a
Burst Linker, he’d turned into someone different. But in the end,
it was just same old, same old. School or virtual battlefield, wherever he went, he seemed destined to be nothing more than the
very lowest of the losers.
Jiggling, round body still crouched in the toilet stall, Haruyuki
squeezed his eyes shut and tried to banish his negative thoughts.
He forced his voice from his throat, which still burned with the
pain of his gastric acids.
“…Still…I…” But he couldn’t get out the words that came next.
This Haruyuki lacked even the strength to talk himself down.
As the dismissal bell signaling the end of school rang directly
in his head via the local net, Haruyuki muttered silently.

…I want to be strong.
I want to be stronger.

1
“Big brother! Welcome home!”
Arriving home, Haruyuki had taken his shoes off and trudged
about halfway down the hallway to his room when he heard a
voice from the living room to his left.
“Thanks,” he muttered automatically, almost unintelligible. He
took another step, then another, and on the third, he yanked up
the emergency brake hard.
Huh?
What was that?
As far as Haruyuki knew, the thirteen years and ten months
since the birth of the human being known as Haruyuki Arita had
been an unbroken chain of only-child-dom. And he thought he
was grateful and happy for this fact, rather than have it be a
source of dissatisfaction, but perhaps the truth was that he nurtured an unconscious loneliness, which had finally resulted in auditory hallucinations.
I’m no one’s big brother, am I? Especially not a girl with a
cute voice like that? Little sisters only show up in horror movies,
right?
Haruyuki was still standing there awkwardly quizzing himself
when he heard the sound of the impossible once again. A
singsong humming. Small slippers slapping against the floor. He
even smelled something sweet. Hallucinated…scent? Was that
possible?

The bag on his shoulder fell with a thud, and he whirled
around a hundred and eighty degrees to stumble clumsily into the
living room.
And then his hallucination even became visual.
There, in the kitchenette immediately to the left when you entered the room—a space almost never used for its designated
function under normal circumstances—was where it hovered.
Probably about ten years old. Skinny enough as to be surprising and wrapped in a white blouse and navy skirt, obviously the
uniform of some elementary school. The look was completed by
suspenders and a pink apron over the top. Pigtailed red hair hung
finely on both sides of its head, and the face below the round,
smooth forehead was a shape that was nothing other than cherubic. Possibly biracial? Little freckles scattered across the milk-colored skin, the large eyes also a red-tinged green. His overall impression in sum was…
An angel? A vision from the heavens?
He stared, slackjawed, robbed of his ability to think. The girl
flashed him an adorable smile before saying, “I’m baking cookies
right now. You just wait a minute, okay, big brother?”
“Aaaah!” Haruyuki decided it was time to scream and tucked
his round body behind the living room door. Unable to make
heads or tails of the situation, he warily poked out just the top
half of his head.
The girl tilted her own head to one side, looking perplexed, but
soon smiled once again before turning around to peek into the
oven. The two gatherings of red hair shook gently as she did,
shining in the winter light coming through the window.
Having gotten to this point, Haruyuki finally decided that she
was no hallucination. However unbelievable the situation

seemed, the girl was too real. Which meant…she had to be malware uploaded to his Neurolinker. An ultradetailed 3-D model
had been added to his vision, with extra false data for the sounds
and smells. Although he couldn’t see why anyone would do something like this.
I mean, there’s no way I actually have a sister.
If it was a polygon fake, there was no reason to be afraid.
Chuckling to himself, Haruyuki stepped into the kitchen and
reached his right hand out toward his “little sister” as she looked
up at him with a smile. He then grabbed a freckle-spattered cheek
and yanked.
The Neurolinker, communicating on the quantum level with
the wearer’s consciousness, was capable of generating a virtual
world that was, for all intents and purposes, indistinguishable
from reality if limited to the senses of sight and hearing.
But when it came to reproducing the other senses, touch in
particular, research still lagged due to the difficulty in assigning
numerical values to these senses. Even with unlimited memory
and CPU capacity, the creation of a single person took all of the
Neurolinker’s processing power. It was impossible to perfectly recreate in a virtual world the complex sensations of the texture of
skin, the resistance of muscles, and the reflexive contraction in a
human cheek. So when Haruyuki pulled on her cheek, the only
thing his fingertips would feel would be lifeless rubber—
“Fwah ah you doon?”
“Holy crap?!” Haruyuki yelped, let go, and fell backward, hitting his butt on the refrigerator.
The illusion was perfect. Soft, velvety, young. In other words, a
sensation of pulling on the cheek of a ten-year-old girl that was
nothing shy of perfect—although he had never before had such an
experience—was generated in his fingertips.

Staring into the saucer-sized eyes of the girl puffing up her
cheeks in sudden outrage, Haruyuki reached a shaking hand up
to the Neurolinker on his neck, released the lock, and ripped it off
in one go.
The augmented reality information, like the clock, calendar,
and app icons, were wiped from his vision.
The girl did not disappear.
“Haruyuki, I’m sorry, but…”
So began the message from his mother that Haruyuki belatedly noticed on their home server. Neurolinker reequipped, he
stood stock-still and listened to it.
“I’m sorry, but the daughter of a relative is going to be staying
with us for a few days. You know them, don’t you? The Saitos in
Nakano? My cousin? He said it was a sudden business trip overseas. And I already told you, I’m in Shanghai from today. I’ll be
back in a couple days, so you keep an eye on her, all right? Mail
me if you need anything. Bye.”
His mother, Saya Arita, worked in the trading department of a
bank that had its home office in the United States. She was never
home before the clock struck midnight, and she was always flying
overseas, leaving Haruyuki alone for days at a time. Although it
was unclear how much of this travel was work and how much was
getaways with the man she was dating. Haruyuki sometimes
thought that if the divorce seven years earlier hadn’t been because his dad was cheating, it would’ve been exceedingly strange
for the family court to let her have custody.
Thus, ever since elementary school, Haruyuki was often taken
in by the Kurashimas—Chiyuri’s family—two floors down in the
same condo. If Chiyuri’s mom and dad, who always welcomed
him warmly, had ever shown him even the slightest hint that they
were inconvenienced by this, he would have been crushed. He

would have had nowhere to go and probably would’ve ended up
bullied ten times more than he was.
Thoughts like this filling his brain, Haruyuki watched Saito’s
kid whirling around busily in the kitchen.
The oven timer sounded lightly, and the girl opened the door
to pull out a metal tray. The sweet scent hanging in the air became even stronger. Apparently, the source of the fragrance was
the cookies.
After carefully transferring the dozen or so cookies via tongs to
a large plate covered with a paper towel, the girl exhaled sharply,
as if relieved. She took the plate in both hands and turned
around, looking up at him. “Um…I’m sorry for using the kitchen
without asking. I thought my big brother Haruyuki would be hungry when he got home…so I…”
Her voice is even smaller than before, Haruyuki thought. Oh,
duh, she’s probably worried that the “big brother” in the place
she was abandoned looks put out by her. She’s insecure. I’m the
older one, I shouldn’t be so freaked out, just meeting a girl.
A formless pain deep in his chest, Haruyuki did his best to put
a smile on his face. “Oh, thanks. I’m starving.”
And just like that, the girl also grinned, ice melting. “Um, I’m
Tomoko Saito. I’m in fifth grade. I figured you maybe forgot me
since we haven’t seen each other in years, but…I think we’re second cousins. Um…I’m sorry to just barge in on you like this, but I
hope we can get along.” Still holding the plate reverently with
both hands, she dipped her head neatly, causing Haruyuki’s pulse
to skyrocket and his sweat glands to open to their fullest.
But he quickly remembered the conclusion he’d just reached
and somehow managed to respond with something along the
lines of a coherent greeting. “Right! Um, I-I’m Haruyuki Arita. Mme, too, I—I hope we’ll get along, Miss Saito.”

Immediately, the girl declared, “You can call me Tomoko!”
with a grin, and Haruyuki frantically reined in his distant
thoughts, which were moving out into nowhere land at a dizzying
pace.
If he was honest, the only memory he had of the Saitos in
Nakano was a vague sense that such relatives existed. Which was,
he supposed, par for the course when it came to your parents’
cousins.
“So. Are you an only child, too?” he asked, and Tomoko nodded pertly.
“My dad is the only family I have. He had to go away on business suddenly, and I said I could stay home by myself, but he said
he would worry. So he brought me here from school a little while
ago and then went straight to the airport,” Tomoko replied as she
placed the plate of cookies on the table.
Haruyuki checked without thinking. “Oh, so you didn’t see my
mom, then.”
“No. I just got a spare key to your house.”
That was extremely good luck. That mother of his wouldn’t
have hesitated to shoot Tomoko a look of pure, venomous, and
complete annoyance had they met.
However.
Right. So, then, that means…for the next three days, I’m supposed to live alone with this girl, right? No, no, no, no need to
panic, you big dummy. She’s in fifth grade. There’s a full two
years separating us…Two years…so? So then…?
Tomoko seemed unaware of the sudden uneasiness swallowing Haruyuki, and she smiled again with a “Please restrain yourself until they cool” smile before stepping back. She quickly

washed up the bowl and other dishes in the sink while she waited
for a pot of water to boil, returning in a few short minutes with a
tray of tea. She was clearly already more at home in this kitchen
than Haruyuki.
Marveling at how incredible girls are, Haruyuki shook his
head abruptly. She’s a kid, a kid. She’s just a kid.
But the cookies were so delicious, they could’ve been sold in a
specialty shop. Making short work of a rather large portion of
them—nine, to be exact—he sipped the tea Tomoko had made for
him, wondering exactly how many years it had been since anyone
had baked him any treats.
On the other side of the table, redheaded Tomoko blew little
puffs of air over her cup with a serious look on her face, a mannerism both unsophisticated and touchingly lovely. Just watching
her, Haruyuki felt a kind of warm glow.
“Thanks for this…Um…Th-they were delicious,” he managed
to say in a somewhat normal tone, and Tomoko flashed him a
broad smile, as if relieved.
“Really? I’m so glad! You weren’t saying anything, so I was a
little worried.”
“S-sorry, I just spaced out while I was eating.”
Chuckling softly, she rose halfway, reached out, and plucked
off a cookie crumb stuck to Haruyuki’s cheek. Which she then
popped into her mouth, smiling again.
Haruyuki heard a weird heart-popping sound effect in his
head and frantically rubbed at his mouth. “U-uh, um, okay. Rright. What should we do now? P-p-play video games? I have a
ton of them, some from, like, forty years ago—” he said, before remembering that the majority of them were bloody hellscape–type
things.

Fortunately, however, Tomoko shook her head lightly, still
beaming. “Um, I don’t really play video games. I’m not very good
at full dives.”
“H-huh.” Shifting his gaze as she spoke, Haruyuki finally noticed that there was no Neurolinker, that essential tool of modern
life, around her thin neck, which was covered by a blouse buttoned tightly all the way to the top.
He knew there were more than a few families who avoided
daily Neurolinker wear while the kids were in elementary school,
because the infinite global net was also a hotbed for all kinds of
criminal activity. Even with the parental control function, it was
hard to completely block harmful information.
He could also understand being scared of a full dive, with the
way it blocked all input from your actual senses if you usually
only used the audiovisual mode in classes at school. That being
the case, he was beginning to seriously wonder if there was anything they could do when his eyes finally landed on the largepanel monitor attached to the living room wall.
Haruyuki pointed at it. “O-okay, we could watch a movie or
something? And I’ve got some pretty good 2-D programs from
way back, too.”
But Tomoko shook her head slightly again and said, as if embarrassed, “Um…instead of that, would it be okay if we talked?
Like, about your middle school? I’d like to know about that.” She
stood up and navigated around the table to sit down next to him.
A sweet scent like milk tickled Haruyuki’s nostrils, activating
now of all times the antigirl force field he had cultivated over
many years, and he reflexively threw himself backward. His chair
tilted precariously, and he waved his arms out at his sides to pull
out of what was nearly a side-fall onto the floor.
Tomoko stared intently at him as he thumped back down into

his original position before giggling, “Big brother, you have some
pretty cute qualities, don’t you?”
—Aaah.
Listening to the sound of bubbles burbling up from his mouth,
Haruyuki sank deeper into the bathtub.
Bathing being a particular love of his mother’s meant that the
Arita bathroom was ridiculously large. So, too, was the bathtub,
and even Haruyuki, with his ample frame, had room to spread his
arms and legs out without feeling boxed in. He took a deep breath
of moist air, smelling the scented bathwater through his nose,
held it in his lungs, and exhaled slowly.
Although he’d been fairly tongue-tied at all the wrong times,
his throat hurt from having spoken at such length after so long.
Interrupted only by the curry and rice Tomoko had made for dinner, he’d somehow spent a total of four hours basically talking
nonstop. He was mildly impressed that he could find that much
in his regular life to talk about.
In the end, he’d spilled nearly every detail about his life, starting with the various systems at Umesato Junior High all the way
up to random episodes with his two childhood friends, plus this
and that about a certain older student dressed in black, who happened to be the most important person in the world to him. The
only thing he didn’t talk about was the bullying that had plagued
him until just a few months ago. That and anything related to the
other world.
And Tomoko had listened intently to every bit of it, conversation that couldn’t have actually been all that interesting, occasionally laughing out loud.
Haruyuki reflected seriously that this might be what it was like
to have a real little sister. At the same time, he hated himself for
not being able to get rid of that last nagging doubt that something

was off.
It was just—it was too perfect. One day, he comes home from
school and he suddenly has a little sister who makes him cookies,
curry and rice, and—the clincher—she’s all “I want you to talk to
me.” Not to mention that it would be just the two of them for
three days?
His mother hadn’t raised him to simply accept surprises out of
nowhere without question. But if there was some ulterior something behind this, who on earth could have put it together and
what was the purpose? And how was he supposed to find out?
After thinking on this a little, Haruyuki pulled himself out of
the water and picked up the aluminum Neurolinker hanging on
the rack beside him. It was water-resistant, but just in case, he
wiped the water from his neck before attaching it from behind.
The arms of the U-shaped device swung out lightly from inside
and locked around his throat.
He turned it on, and the start-up symbol sparkled before his
eyes, the brain connection check continuing for about twenty seconds before his virtual desktop opened. Swiftly moving a finger
on his right hand, he opened a window for the Arita home server.
Haruyuki hesitated slightly before he opened the family album
in data storage. They hadn’t taken any photos or anything as a
family these last few years, but there had to be hundreds of images buried in there from before he puffed up into his current
physique, back when his mother and father were still in love.
He’d rather have died than look at those. He went back a level
and instead opened the external nets connected to his home
server.
Several three-dimensional access gates opened to fanfare, all
home nets of Arita relatives. Naturally, you couldn’t just go poking through the server data willy-nilly, but you could leave messages and view schedules and things made public for the family.

However, there was no “Saito in Nakano” house among the access gates. Most families used the top screen to collect family
photos and recent news, so he thought he could double-check
there, but of course, only his mother’s parents and siblings were
connected, with a few aunts and uncles; apparently, cousins
weren’t covered.
Haruyuki momentarily shifted his gaze away from his desktop
and listened for noise on the other side of the bathroom door. He
could faintly pick up the sound of the panel TV in the living room.
Apparently, Tomoko was still watching a family-friendly variety
show. He felt bad for not getting out of the bath sooner after she
had so firmly insisted he get in first. And he felt even guiltier that
the reason for his long soak was his doubt that she was really his
second cousin.
He focused on his desktop once again and opened the access
gate in the middle of it—his mother’s parents’ home net. Ignoring
the peaceful family photos taken against the backdrop of a farming village in Yamagata, he clicked on the gate to connect to the
net interior. And naturally, a confirmation window popped up to
block Haruyuki’s progress.
Here he entered the ID and password his mother had given
him. Because this login would be recorded on the other end, his
mother would find out he used her ID if her parents asked her
why she’d logged in, and he’d be in serious trouble. But he didn’t
imagine that his grandpa and grandma, who ran a cherry orchard, would actually check their home net’s access log. Still, it
was obviously best to get the job done as quickly as possible.
Haruyuki hurried to dive into their home net and open the album
folder.
There was an enormous catalog of photos collected over several decades. Annoyed, he applied a filter for date and number of
people, narrowing down the total number of images. He dimly recalled that the entire Arita family had gotten together at his
grandpa’s seventy-seventh birthday party five or so years earlier

and felt like he’d said hello to the Saitos from Nakano then. In
which case, Tomoko, who would’ve been about five at the time,
should have been there, too.
His search filtered soon enough, throwing up several thumbnails. He flicked one after another with the tip of his finger.
Not this one, not that one, either…Oh, around here? Like the
next one maybe.
“Big brooooother!”
A singsong voice came out of the blue from his right, and
Haruyuki reflexively twisted his neck around. His right index finger froze in midair.
At some point, the door to the bathroom had been opened
slightly, and now Tomoko was standing on the other side, face
and right shoulder peeking through.
His eyes fell from her head—reddish-brown hair wrapped in a
towel—to her face, with its somewhat bashful smile, then down to
her slim neck and the smooth skin of her shoulder. “Wha—whwha—”
She turned a faintly cherry-colored smile on him as his jaw
flapped furiously. “Big brother, can I get in with you?”
“Get…in…That’s—”
“It’s just, you’re taking so long. I’m tired of waiting!” Without
waiting for his reply, Tomoko stepped into the bathroom, giggling.
Haruyuki frantically pushed his body under the water with a
splash, shut his eyes tightly, and cried out, “S-sorry! I’ll get out
right now! I-I-I’ll get out right now, so just wait a second more!!”
“It’s fiiine. I mean, we’re cousins and all.”

It’s totally not fine at all!! he screamed in his mind, but his
bio-optical visual processing units—that is to say, his eyes—betrayed their master’s intention, and his eyelids lifted slightly of
their own volition. Tiny bare feet stepping across the ivory tiles
leapt into his field of view, and he stopped breathing.
His focus shifted upward automatically. Calves drawing out a
surprisingly thin, smooth line. Round knees, supple legs. The
base of those legs was just barely obstructed by a pink bath towel,
and he wondered momentarily just what was going on before his
gaze continued traveling upward, and he cursed his own idiocy.
The towel covered the small torso perfectly, with minimal bumpiness, and a delicate collarbone jutted out, smooth skin above the
seam in the fabric—which threatened to unravel at any second.
“That’s exactly why I’d be grateful if you didn’t look so intently
at me right now!” From the freckled face, finally, eyes turned
downward, as if embarrassed.
It was this view that Haruyuki compared to the Arita family
photos from five years ago still displayed on the right side of his
field of vision.
The children, including himself, were clustered together in the
front row. After all this time, he had absolutely no clue who was
who, but fortunately, photos from that period were already using
technology to embed data in the pictures. If he unfocused slightly,
the names popping up in front of each child would disappear.
The name he was looking for showed up on the sixth kid in
line. Tomoko Saito.
When he fixed his gaze on the name, the photo automatically
zoomed in on the child who bore it, enlarging the image to the
same size as the Tomoko in front of him.

Five years old at the time. And girls change, so I mean, her face,
in five years could have…
There’s no way.
Haruyuki took a deep breath and held it, before exhaling at
length. Then he turned toward the puzzled girl calling herself his
second cousin and spoke to her with a sad smile. “Tomoko…”
“What is it, big brother?”
“…You’re a new Burst Linker, aren’t you?”
Her reaction was immediate and graphic.
For a brief instant, the look on Tomoko’s sweet face was the
very definition of surprise. Her cheeks were probably dyed red for
reasons other than bashfulness, and her right eye twitched convulsively.
But impressively, the girl, who age-wise was definitely at least
around ten, cocked her head and said in an even sweeter voice,
“What, big brother? What are you talking about? Berr…st? What’s
that?”
“Tan,” Haruyuki murmured in response.
“What?”
“You’ve got clean tan lines on your neck. About the same as
me. That’s the kind of tan you can’t really get unless you’ve been
wearing one constantly from the time you were born…A Neurolinker, I mean.”
Tomoko—or rather, the girl who was likely not Tomoko—covered her neck quickly with both hands.

“And,” Haruyuki continued, “there are still pictures from five
years ago on my grandpa’s home server. Tomoko Saito’s in them,
too, you know? I’ll just say this, you’re about ten times cuter.”
The girl’s face spasmed again before devolving into a look that
was actually complicated. Finally, her flickering expression settled down into a sulky grimace, light-years from the naive mask
she’d been showing him up to then.
“Tsk!” She placed both hands on her toweled hips and clucked
her tongue fiercely. “And after I went and checked the albums
here. Never expected you to go and dig them up at your
grandpa’s. You’re pretty suspicious.”
Flustered at the sudden change in her tone, Haruyuki somehow managed to reply, “Y-you went too far. I’m assuming the
mail to my mom from Saito was a fake, but what if she’d decided
to double-check with him?”
“All mails and calls generated from your mom’s Neurolinker
are set to be intercepted and sent to me. It took me three days to
get everything ready.”
“Well…good, job, I guess…” An incredulous voice slid out from
between Haruyuki’s lips as he clung to the edge of the bathtub.
The only way to get a virus into someone else’s Neurolinker
was to connect directly with a cable. Most likely, this girl had
been tracking Haruyuki’s mother’s movements and had connected to her Neurolinker in the locker room of the gym she always went to.
Naturally, he wasn’t exactly pleased that something like this
had been done to a close relative, but honestly, he was impressed.
A lot of Linkers called themselves hackers or wizards, but most of
these soldiers weren’t too keen on leaving the safety of their own
homes to tackle some social engineering in the real world—becoming another person, the ultimate hacking to break security

off-line.
Perhaps hearing the praise contained in Haruyuki’s voice, the
girl smiled confidently, almost smugly.
Looking up at that smile, Haruyuki continued spelling out his
hypothesis. “I guess you went to all this trouble because you want
to use me as a stepping-stone to hack her, but you’re too optimistic. She’d have realized you’re a fake the second she saw you.
Unlike me taking five hours…And you know, I totally get how
you’d be feeling like you’d lose if you just went and challenged her
to a fight as a Burst Linker. I mean, you’d be going up against the
Black Lotus.”
When Haruyuki finished his grumbling speech, wishing the
whole time she would hurry up and get out, the girl’s attitude
changed abruptly once again. Her eyes glinted fiercely, shining
the same shade of red as her hair. Glossy lips twisted into an unbecoming sneer, revealing the tiniest hint of white teeth in the
gap.
She looked down at Haruyuki with an expression that could
only be described as arrogant and said in a low voice, “Hey, hold
up. What’d you just say?”
“Huh? I—I said…if you were to challenge her—”
“I’d lose? Me? And that’s why I’m here on this superannoying,
secret, real-life hack?”
Is it not? As Haruyuki asked the question with his eyes, the
girl reached up with her right hand and ripped the towel off of her
head. She threw it on the floor and shot her index finger out at
him.
Her red hair, nearly crimson in the steam, was practically
standing on end. Short, it rippled like fire as the girl threatened,
“God! Enough! Let me lay it down for you: Lady Scarlet Rain

here’s gonna take that insult outta your tanned hide, so you stay
right there like a good little lamb while I go get my Neurolinker!!”
Tucking her index finger back into her hand, she stuck her
thumb out, turned it downward, and then yanked it off to the side
before whirling around forcefully. Her right foot, poised to take a
step forward, encountered the towel she’d just tossed aside and
slipped.
“Hyaa?!” High-pitched shrieking.
Looking up at the girl falling, essentially somersaulting backward, Haruyuki cried out, too. “Whoa?!”
His arms shooting out automatically, he caught her just as she
was about to crash into the edge of the bathtub. But his foot
slipped in the bath, and Haruyuki also went tumbling backward.
Splooosh!
A magnificent clamor went with a tall pillar of water and a
large bath towel fluttering alongside it.
Haruyuki bumped his head on the wall behind him and closed
his eyes tightly, riding out the pain before raising his eyelids
slightly to assess the damage.
Himself in the large tub flat on his back. The redheaded girl
using his plump belly as a cushion. His arms wrapped tightly
around that slim torso.
And both of them butt naked.
“Aaaaah?!” Haruyuki cried, which was drowned out by the
girl’s “Eeeeeeeeee!!”
Writhing frantically, she escaped the tub in a single leap, employing the propulsion from a foot stomping down on Haruyuki’s
stomach. She grabbed the bath towel from the floor and flew into

the changing room before showing her face again.
“I’m going to beat you to death.”
Listening to the sound of her footsteps as she dashed toward
the living room, Haruyuki was stunned.
I saw her. I touched her…
No, wait. She’s probably an assassin from one of the Legions
of the Six Kings. And what she just said now, that probably
means she’s coming to challenge me to a duel.
In which case, maybe he ought to take off his Neurolinker and
avoid her? But if he was going to have to face her as an enemy at
some point, it would be better to find out what was going on
sooner rather than later. Now that he was just barely level four,
he wouldn’t lose too many points if he failed to win one duel. And
he didn’t have to worry about his defeat being too embarrassing if
his opponent was a child.
Although 80 percent or so of his brain was in a state of total
confusion, the remaining 20 percent had managed to reach this
point, and Haruyuki recalled the name she’d given him.
“Scarlet Rain.” He was pretty sure he’d never heard it before.
She was probably a distance-attack red on the color circle, but he
would be rash to jump to the conclusion that she was a Red Legion Burst Linker based on that alone. He’d be able to confirm
that soon enough if he got into a duel with her now, but he
wanted more information.
He probably still had a minute or two before the girl equipped
her Neurolinker, turned the OS on, and finished the quantum
connection check. He muttered voice commands, still seated in
the bathtub. “Command. Voice call. Number zero one.”
Instantly before his eyes, the holo dialogue A VOICE CALL WILL BE

PLACED TO THE REGISTERED ADDRESS 01.

OKAY? popped up. He

promptly pressed YES.
His interlocutor picked up on the second ring. “It’s me. What’s
wrong, Haruyuki, calling so late?” In the background behind the
smooth, graceful voice with its musical intonation, he could hear
the sound of water splashing.
Oh, so she’s in the bath, too…This thought flashing through his
mind, Haruyuki began speaking to the person on the other end of
the call, Kuroyukihime. She was one of the strongest Burst Linkers, Black Lotus, the Black King.
“Sorry to call so late. I was just hoping you could tell me
something.”
“Oh? And what’s that?”
“Do you know a Burst Linker called Scarlet Rain?”
The answer to his question was a slightly long silence.
“Uh, um, are you okay?”
“Oh, sorry. So you’re seriously asking me that?”
“Serious? Of course. I wouldn’t prank call you at this time of
night.”
“I see. Hmm. I suppose this is an oversight on my part. We
only use nicknames; I haven’t told you any real names, have I?
But, Silver Crow, this is a bit of laziness on your part as well.”
“Huh? I…What do you—?” Cocking his head, Haruyuki could
hear tiny feet trotting down the hall over Kuroyukihime’s cool
voice.
“Scarlet Rain. Immobile Fortress, Bloody Storm…The second

Red King herself?”
Huh? Both eyes popped open, his jaw dropped, and his brain
stopped.
As if on cue, the redheaded girl reappeared, nearly slamming
into the bathroom door. She looked pretty furious, in nothing
more than a cute underpants set. But she seemed uninterested in
hiding anything anymore, and she proudly revealed her white
body, crossing her arms in front of her.
Reflexively averting his eyes, Haruyuki noticed the one item
other than underwear on the girl’s body—wrapped around the
slim neck, sleek, with a transparent red sheen—and stared incredulously.
The girl flashed him a ferocious grin and cried out in a voice
full of both sweetness and menace, “Burst Link!!”
Skreeeeee!!
Although the screeching filling the world around him was familiar to him now, it never failed to send a shiver up Haruyuki’s
spine. Instantly, his real-world senses were disconnected, and the
words HERE COMES A NEW CHALLENGER! blazed up in the darkness
before his vision returned to him.
But what he saw was no longer his own bathroom, ivory cosmetic panels attached to the wall, but an expansive flat space,
such that he could only assume that several floors had been
knocked out of his condo building.
Haruyuki was deep in a full dive into the virtual world created
by Brain Burst, the thought-accelerating, fighting game application in his Neurolinker. The world around him was a virtual duel
field recreated from images from the social camera net laid out all
over Japan.

But because, as a general rule, there were no social cameras in
people’s homes, including Haruyuki’s, the game came up with
this kind of supplementary extrapolation—in other words, a fabrication by the software. This time, the condo appeared to have
been sent back to a time when it was still being built. Sprawling
floors of bare concrete were pierced only by intermittent steelframe girders.
In this stark space, Haruyuki and the girl faced each other in
the flesh, albeit for a mere half second. Soon, however, the color
and form of their bodies began to change. Into their alternate
selves, their fighting duel avatars.
A silver glow reached up from the tips of Haruyuki’s rounded
limbs, enveloping and narrowing them at the same time, stretching them thinner and thinner while giving rise to mechanical
arms wrapped in silver armor. The transformation immediately
spread to his torso, cutting the girth of his stomach in half in an
instant. As his superfine metal body neared completion, an orb of
white light swallowed his head, encircling it in a smooth, round,
mirrored helmet.
Aware of his own body’s transformation into his duel avatar,
Silver Crow, Haruyuki stared intently at the girl standing several
meters in front of him.
Her arms and legs, slender like a doll’s, were suddenly enveloped in a scarlet radiance. As the circle of light climbed upward, it was replaced by clear, ruby-colored armor. Her perfectly
flat stomach and chest were also subsumed by the semitransparent armor, with dark gray and ruby as the two highlights. Finally,
in a flash of brilliance, an android-like head appeared.
A mask with nothing more than two rounded eyes. Antennas
shaped like bundles of bound hair protruded from both sides of
the armor. The pigtails bounced pertly; the eyes shone sharply, a
vivid red.

This is the Red King?
Still standing bolt upright, Haruyuki looked intently at the
duel avatar several meters ahead of him. She was small. She
couldn’t have been more than a mere hundred and thirty centimeters. The only thing weapon-like about her was a handgun
that looked like a toy dangling from her right hip.
“Uh, um.” His mouth moved spontaneously, and a voice with a
metallic effect leaked out from beneath the mirrored helmet.
“You’re really…”
Are you really one of the Six Kings of Pure Color, a level-nine
Burst Linker, one of only seven in the Accelerated World, a powerful ruler leading an enormous Legion?
It was when he tried to ask this question that the space behind
the cute girl-shaped avatar abruptly warped and distorted.
Four rough blocks glittering a deep crimson appeared, as if
called up from the ether. They quickly covered the girl’s arms and
legs. Armor plates followed, rolling up from the sides, completely
concealing the slim body.
“Wha…” Haruyuki gaped at the crimson avatar, which had, in
an instant, gained several times his own mass.
However, the arrival of the extra armor didn’t stop there. With
a low, heavy banging, enormous hexagonal pillars, cylinders,
plates, and more appeared in rapid succession and converged on
each other. The avatar grew to nearly ceiling height instantaneously, quickly bridging the two meters to close the gap with Silver Crow, who hurriedly stepped back. Then it exceeded three
meters.
A few seconds later, when silence finally returned, the thing
towering before Haruyuki’s eyes could only be called a tank, or
maybe a fort. Two enormous gun barrels slowly rose, extensions

of the original arms, and white smoke puffed out from cooling
vents here and there. In the center of this weapons cache, two red
eyes, barely visible, glowered brightly.
“No way…,” Haruyuki muttered, as the word FIGHT!! glittered
before his eyes in a flaming font before exploding and dissipating
into nothingness.
Whatever! For now, just run!! Haruyuki thought immediately,
turning to speed off in a fierce dash—before just barely stopping
himself.
The enemy’s affiliation was long-range red. This enormous
fortress-shaped duel avatar was, without a doubt, a demon when
it came to distance attacks. In addition to the gun batteries on the
left and right, the housings on both shoulders were most likely
missile pods, and the short gun barrel protruding from the front
was probably some kind of machine gun. Getting distance from
an opponent like this was sheer stupidity.

Having made this judgment and mustering what little courage he
had, Haruyuki turned again to face his opponent. He stood stockstill, exposed to the crimson gaze of the fortress avatar Scarlet
Rain.
“So, you’re not running, huh? You sure got guts,” the Red King
uttered in a voice that was both metallic and adorable.
“I-I-I’m too freaked out to move,” he replied pathetically,
earnestly running his gaze over every centimeter of the king.
In games, the usual attack strategy for this kind of enormous
and heavily armed boss was to stake your life on close approaches
from blind spots to take out weak points. Charging her from the
front was clearly off the table, and her sides were most likely
within range of the adjustable main arsenal. In which case, he’d
have to go in directly behind her. If he could put everything he
had into a dash around her and attach himself to her back…
Perhaps realizing what Haruyuki was thinking, perhaps not,
Scarlet Rain giggled. “You say the cutest things! But you haven’t
forgotten, have you?”
“Huh? F-forgotten what?”
“The fact that…” The main weapon on her right suddenly
squealed into motion to target Haruyuki. “…I told you I was going
to kill you, you friggin’ perv!!”
“That was an act of God, okaaaaaaay!!” Haruyuki screamed
back, kicking the ground savagely. He charged like a bolt of lightning toward the enemy’s left flank, turned sharply, and headed
for her back.
Scarlet Rain’s swiftness turning as she followed Haruyuki was
surprising given her enormous size, but even so, it wasn’t enough
to keep pace with the rushing velocity of Silver Crow, a duel

avatar singularly specialized for speed.
“And you were the one who just came waltzing into the
baaaaaath!!” Raising his voice in a cry once more as he dashed in
close, Haruyuki plunged unhesitatingly forward, his enemy’s back
finally coming into view.
As expected, her rear harbored nothing more than very long
radiation fins and thrusters; he didn’t see any weapons. He set his
sights on the place where the armor looked thinnest, the area
where a missile pod connected with a fin, raised his right fist, and
—
Thrusters?
The second this thought flashed through his mind, the four
black jet nozzles began emitting intense flames.
“Gaaaahot!!” Haruyuki shouted, instantly engulfed in the
blaze, which produced an overwhelming sensation of heat and
whittled away at his hit point gauge in the top left of his field of
vision.
But he couldn’t stop his charge now. The damage wasn’t on a
level he needed to worry about. Silver Crow, affiliated with the
metallic colors, was resistant to heat attacks.
“Fire doesn’t work on Silver Crow!!”
Got you! Haruyuki channeled all his energy into a Punch,
pummeling the joint in the rear armor. But…
“Wishful thinking, kid!!” Scarlet Rain roared so gleefully he
could almost see her laughter written in the air while the lids on
the casings on her shoulders popped open.
Seeing a barrage of countless little missiles let fly, Haruyuki’s
eyes widened in shock.

How…This…We’re in a…building…
In a flash, the concrete ceiling and floor, the steel pillars—
everything was engulfed in the bright red blossom of an explosion. Above his head as Haruyuki desperately dodged a missile
headed straight for him, cracks lanced through the concrete like a
net, and the whole structure began to crumble.
“No way!” He just barely avoided an enormous chunk of debris
falling toward him, the floor below his feet collapsing at an unbelievable pace.
“No way?!” Screaming, Haruyuki dashed for all he was worth.
He couldn’t just stand there worrying about getting too much distance from his enemy. They were on the twenty-third floor, far
above the ground. If he got swallowed up in the collapse, his HP
would probably vanish in a blink.
Because the only parts of what was formerly Haruyuki’s condo
remaining were the floor and the pillars, he could see the light
that led to the exterior several dozen meters ahead. Zigzagging
over the collapsing floor and pulverizing the falling lumps of concrete with his fists and his head, he glanced up to check the special-attack gauge below his health bar.
Neither the damage he was inflicting nor sustaining were very
serious, but perhaps because stage destruction points were also
being counted, his gauge was shining about 20 percent green.
Which meant—
He could fly!!
Haruyuki took a deep breath and concentrated his power in
both shoulders. The metal fins folded up on his back deployed
with a crisp click. He vibrated the fins at a high frequency and accelerated his dash.
“Geronimoooooooo!!” Crying out, he turned to the gray sky

approaching before him and threw himself headlong into a dive.
Haruyuki’s place was very near the top of the skyscraper complex. Therefore, the moment he leapt from the building, the city
suddenly lay spread out before his eyes, from Koenji to Shinjuku.
It was a picturesque panorama, but like his own condo, the buildings had all been transformed into drab affairs, steel frames jutting out of cement. So this was probably a Weathered stage. He
was pretty sure its attributes were: breaks easily, dusty, and sudden gusts.
Mulling this over, Haruyuki eased up on the acceleration of his
metal wings and hovered in the sky. He glanced over at his special-attack gauge; there was only a little left. At this rate, he
should have had enough for three minutes of continuous flight.
When he looked back, the condo’s enormous tower was in the
process of splitting in half at the middle, another stage in its progressive, merciless collapse.
“Aaah…My house…,” he muttered unconsciously. Of course,
that “house” was just made of polygons generated by the system,
but this was the first time his own home had been destroyed in a
duel.
“Honestly, this is ridiculous.” Shaking his helmeted head,
Haruyuki watched the condominium reduced to a mountain of
rubble below him. The Red King had apparently gotten caught up
in the massive destruction she herself had initiated and was
nowhere to be seen. So even a fortress avatar was helpless before
this kind of devastation.
He cocked his head to the side, wondering exactly what she
had been trying to accomplish, and started his descent when he
noticed something and shuddered.
Scarlet Rain’s health gauge had not dropped. Although it was
somewhat less full, on the order of 30 percent less, it wasn’t an

amount that could properly be called damage. And her special-attack gauge was shining brightly, fully charged.
Of course. Destroying such an enormous geographical landmark would have given her a huge bonus. Which meant that the
Red King’s reckless and random missile fire hadn’t been intended
to disrupt Haruyuki’s attack on her back or to entangle him in the
collapse.
All of a sudden, several rays of red light surged out from the
rubble under his nose. At the same time, a shrill voice shouted,
“Heat Blast Saturation!!”
A strange sort of resonance pulsated the air, a thunderous
sound that nearly burst Haruyuki’s eardrums as he watched a line
of red fire pierce the ruins of the condo, stretching straight up
into the sky.
“Eeeeaaaah!!” he cried, vibrating his left wing as hard as he
could in an attempt to avoid the beam with a tailspin dive. But…
The field of fire was just too huge. Unable to completely avoid
the beam, which was basically as wide as he was tall, Silver Crow
hit the flickering thermosphere with his left arm. There was a sizzling sound just below his elbow, and his lower arm steamed out
of existence.
His HP bar plummeted 15 percent, and he was racked by an
unrelenting, scorching heat. But Haruyuki was largely unaware of
either of these things.
Because he was focused on the heat beam passing right by
him, he didn’t see it extend toward the east of the stage and blow
away the top half of the Shinjuku government office towering
over the area three hundred meters above the ground.
“No way…” The same stunned words he had uttered too many
times in this battle slid once more from Haruyuki’s mouth. Jaw

agape beneath the silver surface of his helmet, he shifted his gaze
and stared at the remains of his condo.
The Red King emerged majestically from an enormous gash
cut through the rubble. The beautiful ruby armor covering her
body was perfectly untouched. The thrusters on her back and undercarriage glittered lightly with the emission of flames, and
white smoke trailed from the slits in the gun of her left arm.
“Ooh, you’re flying! High in the sky!” the Red King half sang,
looking up at Silver Crow with round eyes from the gap in her
front armor. “I always wanted to try this stuff, antiaircraft fire.
Looks like so much fun in sci-fi movies and whatnot. Just sends
everything flying all over the place.”
Ka-chak.
With a spectacular metallic clack, the missile casings on both
her shoulders flung wide, her right main weapon came up, and
the angle of the four machine guns on her front changed.
Trembling violently, Haruyuki recalled scenes like this from
movies and anime. The tiny mecha soldier tries to slip past the
enemy fortress’s overwhelming curtain of antiaircraft fire and get
closer. They were almost always shot down like little bugs and exploded, calling out a lover’s name or something.
I’ll go with “Kuroyukihime,” then. Although that’s just a nickname. But still, her real name would be embarrassing.
While he was busy losing himself in this kind of escapist thinking, the enemy’s main armament began to charge, rumbling
deeply. What looked to be a hundred small missiles rose up from
the launchers, seeker heads glittering.
In contrast with his enemy’s special-attack gauge, which was
full again—likely from the bonus earned by destroying the government office—Haruyuki’s had less than 5 percent left. He would

probably be able to fly at full power for a couple minutes at best.
It wasn’t his style, but he was in a position where his only choice
was to bet everything on a simple, straightforward suicide assault.
“Well, let me just tell you that everybody knows it’s always the
lone mecha that brings down the enormous battleship!” Psyching
himself up, Haruyuki took a dash position in the sky.
“As if a mecha with a perv in it could do anything like that,
stupid!” The Red King spat her comeback at him and added in a
shriek, “Hailstorm Domination!!”
Zzgrrm! Tat tat tat tat tat! Krr krr krr krr!
Three kinds of gun reports thundered simultaneously as her
main weapons, the missiles, and the machine gun unloaded as
one. It was basically a “greatest hits” look at the sorts of longrange anti-aerial assaults that had been causing Haruyuki such
grief. Last week and the week before, too, he had been forced out
and shot down by firepower not even a tenth of this.
And yet, for some reason, it was only now that he wasn’t
scared or disheartened. Maybe it was complete apathy in the face
of an enemy so much more powerful than himself, but for the
first time in an incredibly long time, Haruyuki was overtaken by
heat, as if all the blood in his body were boiling. And that heat
was excitement for the duel.
“Nnngyaaah!!” With a war cry, he first dashed in midair to the
right, somehow dodging the superheated beam of the main
weapons. If he got hit dead-on with that, he’d sizzle up instantly.
The beam narrowly missed him, passing immediately by his side
to open up a huge hole in either Park Tower or the NS Building.
But his enemy seemed to have anticipated this maneuver.
Countless small missiles closed in ahead of him, seekers twinkling.

Taking a deep breath, Haruyuki put everything he had into super-high-speed maneuvers. To draw the batch of missiles flying
in a straight line, he turned back sharply, more than ninety degrees. Rocked by the explosion of the missiles that had lost their
homing target, he lured off the next group, avoiding that detonation as well. Silver Crow flew on, carving out a zigzag in the sky
like a UFO, countless explosions blooming behind him.
Strangely, he felt he could clearly make out the trajectory of
the missiles and the barrage of the machine guns. He wasn’t sure
if this was the fruit of his training in that white room or not…
At the apex of the limit of his high-speed flight, Haruyuki felt
suddenly deeply annoyed with himself. Why couldn’t he have
been moving like this in the Territory Battles at the end of every
week? Why, when just a lone rifle was pointed at him, did his legs
—no, his wings—cramp up and leave him grounded? If he was
going to chalk it up to pressure, he should have been under much
greater pressure now, engaged in a one-on-one battle with the
notorious Red King.
I’m this fast. I can fly like this. So why do I end up eating bullets like a total klutz when it really counts? I need to get
stronger. I have to be stronger, up my levels, and then she’ll—

“..…Ngh!” He gritted his teeth beneath his helmet, and his flight
speed decelerated slightly, such that he failed to trace a single escape route. The remaining thirty or so missiles were converging
from all directions ahead of him. At his back was the barrage of
machine-gun fire. And on the ground, Scarlet Rain’s left main
weapon had finished charging and was beginning to track him.
“D-dammit!”
Haruyuki kicked down a missile closing in before him, blowing
off the tips of his toes in the explosion. Using the reactive force,
he altered the angle of his body and dropped into a sink-or-swim
dive straight down. But the enormous maw of the main weapon
was waiting there for him.
At that moment, a stormy wind blew across the battlefield, a
geographical effect of the Weathered stage. A large cloud of dust
rolled up from the naked concrete and the surface of the ground,
and his vision was instantly obscured to a single shade of gray.
The missiles around him lost their target and were forced to detonate one after another.
This is it!!
Haruyuki opened his eyes, focused his entire being on the ruby
color glittering in the depths of the sand storm, and plummeted
in a spiral.
The beam of the main weapon fired, piercing the center of this
trajectory, but burning nothing other than empty space.
“Aaaaah!!” Battle cry torn from his lips, Haruyuki changed his
posture and became a streak of light, plunging forward feet first.
He was betting everything on a Kick to the gap between the two
missile launchers he could vaguely make out on Scarlet Rain. If
he managed a critical hit, he could come back from this.

But.
“Wha—?!”
As the tips of his remaining toes pointed swordlike converged
on her, the enormous fortress-shaped avatar suddenly fell to
pieces. The casings and main weaponry separated and disengaged along with the armor plates. The slender girl’s avatar appeared at the center and regarded him before sidestepping like
quicksilver and avoiding Silver Crow’s Kick.
Haruyuki drilled a large hole into the ground with a grinding
crash, falling awkwardly, and something struck his helmet with a
clunk. Turning his face, he saw the muzzle of a small gun. Scarlet
Rain’s real body, the tiny girl avatar, leveled a crimson pistol at
Haruyuki with her delicate right hand.
The second she avoided that Kick so easily, I lost. Although he
admitted this in his heart, Haruyuki had a hard time surrendering and barked: “You think a toy like that’s gonna pierce my
armor?”
Conveyed only through the lenses of two round eyes, a smile
blossomed clearly across the Red King’s mask. “If I said that this
gun is my most powerful weapon, would you believe me, big
brother?”
Haruyuki took a deep breath, exhaled all at once, and held up
both hands—even though his right hand had already been completely severed.
“I believe you. You win, Scarlet Rain.”
The Red King laughed once again and asked, “Then will you do
me a favor?”
“Huh? A favor…?”

She couldn’t be asking him to betray the Black Legion. That
was definitely off the table. Haruyuki panicked in his mind, but
her response was completely out of the realm of the expected.
Suddenly threatening, the girl demanded haughtily, “Let me
meet your guardian. In the real world…Both of us, flesh and
blood.”

2
A bright January 22. Thursday, 12:05 PM.
Rubbing eyes that hadn’t gotten enough sleep, Haruyuki
walked down the hallway on the first floor of Umesato Junior
High School toward the student cafeteria.
The night before, he had, in the end, slept in his own room
while his second cousin Tomoko—or rather, the Red King in that
guise—slept on the sofa bed in the living room. But he clearly
lacked the intestinal fortitude to sleep soundly in such a situation.
What exactly was the Red King’s objective? Why put on the
sweet younger sister act at first and bake cookies? And what was
she planning to discuss when she met Kuroyukihime, otherwise
known as the Black King?
Although he tried to seriously contemplate these and other
questions, no matter what he did, the scene in the bath kept repeating in Haruyuki’s mind. Aaaah, that makes me a real perv,
but I can’t help it. I’m a thirteen-year-old boy, after all. But I
have Kuroyukihime…
Dawn broke with him still agonizing, so Haruyuki tossed back
a breakfast of cereal, trying not to wake the deeply sleeping Red
King, and left the house early. He managed to make it through his
morning classes somehow with the help of the alarm on his Neurolinker, but as lunch break drew near, he roused himself a bit
through self-interest, excited at the prospect of seeing Kuroyukihime again that day, enough that he flew out of the classroom the
second the bell rang.

Stepping into the still nearly deserted cafeteria, he weaved
around several long tables that were lined up and practically ran
into the adjacent lounge.
She was seated at the farthest of the elegant, white, round tables arranged in a circle. Haruyuki forgot to breathe as he stared
at the black-clad silhouette perched there. She almost looked as
though she was glowing faintly, radiating softly from the midwinter sunlight falling on her as it poured in through the window at
her back.
He had seen this same scene countless times over these last
three months, but the painful throbbing that filled his heart every
time showed not the slightest sign of abating. He even felt as if
the fact that this tableau, a perfect painting, existed again today
was akin to a miracle.
Resting her chin in her hands gently, looking down at an enormous book that rested upon the table, the girl called Kuroyukihime finally lifted her head soundlessly. The soft sun sparkled as
it slid along the long black hair flowing over her shoulders. Her
beautiful face broke into a light smile, a ring of flowers blooming
in an unsullied snowy plain.
“Hey. Morning, Haruyuki.”
Even in the midst of his bliss at hearing his name spoken in
her low, silky voice once more, Haruyuki felt ashamed recalling
his recent and copious clumsy defeats, so as he walked over to the
table, he bowed his head.
“Good morning! You, uh—”
You look beautiful again today.
Was what he desperately wanted to say, but he was completely
incapable of uttering anything like that using his actual voice. He
was forced to let something else emerge from his mouth. “You’re

early again today, huh? I’ve never been able to get here before
you.”
“It’s only natural. The seventh-grade classrooms are on the
third floor, and the eighth-grade classrooms are on the second
floor, after all.” Her face clear, she shrugged lightly.
After pulling out the chair next to her and sitting down,
Haruyuki replied, “I—I guess that makes sense. So then every
day, you—”
“And rather than make you wait, I prefer to wait myself. That
way, I can remember every instant of this precious time, right
from the moment you appear at the entrance.” She smiled again,
her lips the petals of a black lily opening.
Joyful and daunted in equal measure that those words and
that smile were directed at his fat, ugly self, Haruyuki slowly exhaled through pudgy lips the breath he’d momentarily held.
I seriously can’t believe it. That this dreamlike, amazing upperclassman and the demonic Spartan instructor in the Accelerated World are actually the same person.
He personally would rather have spent as much time as possible with the former, but he expected that wasn’t likely to happen
today. Once he explained the situation spilling over from last
night, there was no doubt that the gentle Kuroyukihime would
immediately transform into the terrifying water lily of black
death.
He was just thinking how he wanted to stare at her for even a
second longer, like a love-struck little girl, when she opened her
mouth.
“That reminds me. When you called last night. What was that?
You suddenly stop talking in the middle of the conversation, and
then you abruptly say good night and hang up. I believe…I believe

you were saying something about the Red King?”
“Oh…um…right…”
During that one second when I was silent, I was fighting the
Red King herself.
She wouldn’t believe him if he just blurted out something like
that. Because the level-nine Kings no longer had any need to earn
Burst Points in normal duels to level up, they almost never appeared on the battlefield.
With no other options, Haruyuki resigned himself to telling
her everything. The whole kit and caboodle, from start to finish,
beginning with the “Big brother! You’re home!” part—although
he’d have to omit the problematic scene in the bath.
Several minutes later.
Kuroyukihime, her expression now a mixture of 30 percent
amazement and 70 percent anger, raised a tightly clenched fist
into the air while slowly inhaling.
That fool! Goddamn her!
She very nearly shouted in anger and pounded the table but
checked herself at the last minute because there were several
other students carrying lunch trays into the lounge now. They
shot glances at Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime, the usual expressions of disbelief despite the fact that it was a familiar sight by
now, and occupied tables a slight distance away.
Unlike Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime paid no attention to the other
students as she took several deep breaths, fist still poised five
centimeters or so above the table. Finally, she brought the hand
down with a thud.
“I really want to…I want to say, you should have seen through

her right from the start, but…a social engineering attack like this
is certainly beyond all expectation. And carried out by the Red
King herself no less.”
“Right? Right.” Relieved to have avoided a serious eruption,
Haruyuki bobbed his head up and down.
Her expression finally settling into a wide, bitter smile,
Kuroyukihime shook her head several times and said in a low
voice, “Well…it’s not as if there isn’t an aspect of this that isn’t
quite lucky. A direct duel with a King is precious. You could never
buy such an experience, no matter how many Burst Points you
accumulated. How was she then, the second Red King?”
“Ridiculous. With one move, she sent half the government
building flying…and she smashed my place in one go basically.”
Haruyuki recalled again that transcendental heat power and
shuddered all over.
Watching him, Kuroyukihime laughed softly. “That type of
thing is precisely the might of a singular specialized ability. I’ve
heard that Scarlet Rain put all of her level-up bonuses into enhancing her long-range heat attack. Which reminds me, did the
Red King move during your duel?”
“Huh?” For a moment, Haruyuki failed to grasp the meaning
of the question and blinked furiously before quickly realizing
what Kuroyukihime had left unsaid.
Right. Now that he thought about it, the Red King Scarlet Rain
had transformed into her duel avatar before his eyes, clad herself
in that fortresslike heavy armament, and then hadn’t moved an
inch until she finally cut loose with her antiaircraft free-for-all
after leveling Haruyuki’s condo.
Abruptly, he stopped shaking his head.
That wasn’t right. At the very end of the end of the duel, when

she dodged Haruyuki’s full-speed plummet attack, the Red King
definitely moved, although only by a single step—
“Oh, she did move. But it was only, like, five centimeters or
so.”
Hearing this, Kuroyukihime finally grinned again and clapped
her hands together. “Well! That’s really something! Scarlet Rain’s
other name, Immobile Fortress, was given to her not because she
never moves, but because she never has to move. According to
the rumors, in a large-scale battle—large enough to rouse the interest of the second Red King—she slaughtered nearly thirty enemies without moving one step from the coordinates where she
appeared.”
“Whoa…” Haruyuki gasped reflexively. And there he was,
charging an opponent like that head-on. Ignorance was a terrifying thing. “I-if I’d known all that, I would’ve surrendered as soon
as the duel started. I mean, you know you’re up against a King,
you flat-out say no before you even get to the duel. But from the
whole ‘Six Kings of Pure Color’ bit, I just sort of assumed that the
Red King was for sure a red something or other,” he said.
Still with a smile on her face, Kuroyukihime replied, “Which is
why I said on the phone that you need to study more. In the Accelerated World, crowning the red symbol, none other than Red
Rider—” Having gotten this far, she stopped abruptly.
Haruyuki stared, dumbfounded, as the vestiges of the smile on
her lips melted away and disappeared. The blood drained from
her white skin, turning it pale like ice.
“K-Kuroyukihime…?”
“No, it’s nothing.” The voice and wide eyes offering this reply
to Haruyuki’s question, however, were completely lifeless.
Ruled by an empty expression, Kuroyukihime slowly turned

her face downward. He saw her right hand, still on the table,
tremble, and he finally—and quite belatedly—realized the reason
for her reaction.
The previous Red King. Red Rider.
This was the first time he had heard the name from her
mouth. But he already knew why the Burst Linker with that name
had left the Accelerated World. Two years earlier, Kuroyukihime
—the Black King known as Black Lotus—had chopped his head off
with her own hands. But she’d done so while they were at a meeting of the Seven Kings, rather than in the usual duel field, taking
her speechifying opponent by surprise.
The cruel reality of battle between level-nine Burst Linkers
was that if you were defeated just once, you lost all your Burst
Points. Naturally, it went without saying that total point loss
meant the permanent loss of Brain Burst itself.
Staring at Kuroyukihime’s pale hands clasped tightly on the
table, Haruyuki asked, half involuntarily, “Kuroyukihime…was
the former Red King…to you, was…”
Was he not just a friend, but someone more special?
At the last second, he was self-aware enough to see that this
question came from his own jealousy rather than concern for the
person in front of him, and Haruyuki clamped his mouth shut in
the middle of asking. He then bowed his head low. “I’m sorry. I’m
being thoughtless. Last night on the phone, too…and this question now. I’m sorry, I really am.”
“…No. It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.” Her voice was husky,
having lost all smoothness. “This is the path I chose. It’s immature of me to react like this. Heh…I thought I had come to terms
with all of this inside myself quite some time ago. After all, I
made up my mind that every other Burst Linker is an opponent,
that is, an enemy. But catch me by surprise, and look what hap-

pens. It’s the height of ridiculousness.” She laughed gravely and
repositioned her right hand to rest on her knee.
Haruyuki spontaneously reached forward to envelop that
hand. Kuroyukihime gasped and pulled hers back firmly, but
Haruyuki resisted the tug with an uncharacteristic obstinance.
Although she was bathed in sunlight from the window, she
was cold like a stone statue. So much so that he could practically
hear the creaking as her tendons stiffened to their limits.
Summoning every bit of body heat he had to try and warm her
hand, Haruyuki opened his mouth. “I—I…”
Despite the fact that he had a clear idea in his head of what he
wanted to say, the ability to put it into words did not follow. As if
unaware of the glances turned toward them from the lounge—
which was quickly filling with students—Haruyuki moved his
mouth desperately. “I absolutely will not fight you. I absolutely
will not be an enemy. You’re my ‘guardian,’ and I’m your ‘child.’
Before we’re fighters, we’re family, right?”
The silence continued momentarily before Kuroyukihime finally lifted her face, staring slightly upward at Haruyuki and nodding slowly. She smiled faintly, as if somehow sad.
“Shall we go someplace else?” She nearly sighed the words, but
she did manage to return her right hand to its resting spot, unhindered this time.
She stood up smoothly and started to walk, carrying the hardcover book with her. Following her back, Haruyuki asked, “Whwhere?”
Somewhere we can be alone.
Instead, Kuroyukihime’s response was exceedingly businesslike. “We can’t exactly decide how to handle Scarlet Rain with

just the two of us, can we? This type of thing has to be discussed
by the entire Legion. We’ll buy some sandwiches or something for
lunch.”
“Oh…r-right.” Haruyuki bobbed his head up and down as he
felt simultaneously disappointed and relieved by Kuroyukihime’s
return to normal.
The Black Legion, Nega Nebulus.
In contrast to the majestic scale of the name—Dark Nebula—
the Legion was extremely small, made up at present of just three
people, the last of whom responded to Haruyuki’s mail with “I’m
on the roof.”
Pulling his neck in at the blast of cold air when he opened the
steel door, Haruyuki was just able to make out a single person sitting on a bench way off to the side. Even as he hurried over, the
figure sat so still that Haruyuki could almost imagine him as an
actual painting, although of a different nature than Kuroyukihime’s.
Tall frame, thin, but solid with muscle. The profile beneath the
longish bangs, gently ruffled by a soft wind, held a calm sharpness reminiscent of a Japanese sword. Facing slightly downward,
the fingers of his right hand were racing along in the air, likely
operating a holo keyboard; but even this movement conjured
thoughts of a samurai seated in Zen meditation somehow.
Hearing their footsteps, the young man raised his head, and
Haruyuki lifted a quick hand. “Hey! Sorry for bugging you when
you’re studying. But do you have to do every single thing in this
stupid-cold place, Taku?”
Takumu Mayuzumi—Taku, Haruyuki’s childhood friend and
battle companion—grinned from behind frameless glasses.
“Doesn’t the sun feel good today, though? You should get some
sun sometimes, too, Haru.” He then stood up briskly and bowed

deeply to Kuroyukihime, who stood behind Haruyuki.
“Good morning, Master!”
“Mmm, morning, Takumu.” Dipping her head, Kuroyukihime
brought a wide, wry grin to her face. “As I’ve told you countless
times, although it is true that I am the Legion Master, there is absolutely no need to always refer to me by that title.”
“Apologies. But it really works best for me.” Takumu took a
slight step and gestured with his left hand toward the bench
where he had been seated up to then.
Still wearing that same grin, Kuroyukihime sat, crossing her
thin, black-encased legs before she arched a single questioning
eyebrow, looked at Takumu, and said, “Excuse Haruyuki and me
as we eat lunch here. And you? What about your lunch?”
“Yes, I’ve already eaten.”
Haruyuki looked and saw a lunch box neatly wrapped up in a
corner of the bench. He felt like he had seen the cloth covering it
before and remarked lightly, “Chiyu made that, right? In which
case, the two of you should have eaten together!”
Takumu turned a bitter smile toward him. “We’re not like you
and Master. We don’t have the kind of relationship where we can
be all openly lovey-dovey at school.”
“W-we’re not lovey-dovey!”
“We are not lovey-dovey.”
When Haruyuki denied the charge in concert with Kuroyukihime, Takumu grinned and pushed his glasses up with a fingertip. “Talk about how you guys just sit and stare at each other in
the lounge every day, this fluffy pink halo hovering over you, has
made it all the way to my class even. Well, anyway, whatever. I’ve

stopped rushing. I’ll redeem myself bit by bit for all the things I
need to redeem myself for.”
Haruyuki put on a serious face and nodded. “…Right.”
A mere two weeks earlier, Takumu had transferred from the
school in Shinjuku he had been attending for seven years to Umesato JH the day the third term started. His old school was integrated from elementary all the way through to university, so
Haruyuki had said it was a waste to transfer and tried to stop
him. He remembered how hard little Takumu had worked for the
entrance exam. But Taku’s resolve was firm.
It wasn’t for some pessimistic reason, like the fact that Shinjuku was a battlefield under Blue Legion control. Takumu had decided to put all of his time toward atoning for his crimes—hacking
the Neurolinker of his childhood friend and girlfriend, Chiyuri
Kurashima, breaking the rules of the Accelerated World, hunting
Kuroyukihime.
An atonement that consisted primarily of always being by
Chiyuri’s side and continuing to fight desperately to protect Suginami, the territory of Nega Nebulus. Haruyuki wondered if even
the glasses he had started wearing this winter were a show of this
resolve.
As of the present, the year 2047, glasses had lost their original
function as a tool to correct vision and had become a fashion item
because the Neurolinkers on everyone’s necks were equipped
with powerful visual compensation. But Takumu’s blue glasses
were not an accessory. The lenses were the real prescription deal.
In other words, Takumu had stopped using his Neurolinker to
correct the nearsightedness that was a consequence of studying
too much with paper media and panel terminals.
As powerful as the Neurolinker was, it didn’t have the power
to adjust the focus of the crystalline lens of a flesh-and-blood eyeball. Instead, it synthesized the blurry visual field captured by

nearsighted eyes with the images from the Neurolinker’s internal
camera and corrected the perceived scene digitally in real time.
Which meant that over half of the world seen by people using the
Neurolinker instead of glasses was made up of virtual images
generated by the CPU.
Takumu had rejected that function and apparently decided to
see the real world with his own eyes. The real Chiyuri, the real
Haruyuki, his own real self.
At some point, even Chiyuri, as awkward and weird as she
still is right now, is going to see how you feel, Takumu. You’ve
already shown her plenty what those feelings are.
Haruyuki wanted to say this to his friend, but it was pretty difficult. Despite what he said, Takumu sometimes got a look in his
eyes like he was still tormenting himself. The same look Kuroyukihime got in her eyes when the topic of the previous Red King
came up.
Shaking off these random thoughts, Haruyuki sat down next to
Kuroyukihime and opened up his lunch bag. As he stuffed his
face with a pork cutlet sandwich, he explained the situation once
again, this time to Takumu, who was leaning up against the fence
facing them.
Once he had finished listening to the whole story with wide
eyes, Takumu nodded briefly. “Hmm.”
“What do you think, Taku?”
“Well, even if we tried to guess what the Red King intends to
say to Master, we don’t have enough data to make those guesses
meaningful. But I feel like I understand what she was planning to
do if she had been able to keep up the charade for three days
without exposing her true identity to you.”
“Wow!”

“Oh ho!”
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime let out exclamations at the same
time, and Takumu turned toward them to continue speaking, the
lenses of his glasses sparkling.
“Given your personality, Haru, if you had lived with her for
three days, you’d have ended up fairly attached to your ‘little sister.’ And if she had said something along the lines of ‘The truth is,
I’m a Burst Linker. But because I’m a kid, all the big kids in the
Legion steal the points I worked so hard to collect. Please, big
brother, join my Legion and protect me!’…”
“Now really! That’s ridiculous!” Kuroyukihime shouted, astonished. “Would anyone get tripped up by such an obvious trap?
Quite the opposite, I would think; it would be plain as day that
she would strip away all your points. However inclined Haruyuki
might be, he would never…”
Here, she glanced over at Haruyuki.
“He…would never…”
She was speechless. Probably because she noticed Haruyuki
was involuntarily tearing up.
“What is wrong with you?!”
“I-it’s just…I mean, bullying, poor thing…”
As soon as he spoke, Kuroyukihime reached out with her left
hand to pinch Haruyuki’s cheek and yank it. “Whah haa ee oin oo
do?”
“I’ll tell you right now,” Kuroyukihime whispered, glaring at
him with eyes lit by an ember deep within. “You try anything
noble like temporarily moving to another Legion to help your little sister, and you won’t be coming back.”

“Huh? Hai’s aat?”
Releasing his cheek with a snap, the master of the Nega Nebulus Legion answered in a tone dialed up to evoke maximum terror. “You can’t have forgotten. What was the fate of Takumu’s
‘guardian,’ the senior Blue Legion member who disseminated
that back door?”
“Uh, um…I’m pretty sure there was talk of a total point loss…
so, uh, a revocation of Brain Burst…”
In front of Haruyuki, Takumu cocked his head and added by
way of explanation, “About that ‘total loss.’ It’s not as if he was
thrown into duels and forced to fight until all his Burst Points
were gone. In practice, that’s just not possible. If you simply disconnected from the global net and removed your Neurolinker the
moment the first duel was over and the acceleration released, you
could escape the duels and the loss of points for the time being.
Although the fate awaiting you after that would be being chased
for the bounty, like Master here.”
“Uh…uh-huh. Right.”
“But you don’t need to go to all that trouble. The Legion Master has a simpler method of ‘executing’ subordinates.”
“Wh-what?! I haven’t heard anything about that!!” This was
complete news to Haruyuki, and he whirled his head around to
look at Kuroyukihime next to him.
The older student, expression serene, opened up her right
hand in a shrug. “It’s written right there in the document shown
when you apply to join a Legion. It’s your fault for not reading it.
And I don’t have any particular reason to execute you, do I? Other
than, of course, if you cheat on me with some other girl.”
Grin.

That smile, so full of affection, made him sit up perfectly
straight. “I—I would never do that. B-but I kinda want to know
this as a thing to know. Execution…what specifically does that…?”
“Mmm. Yes…well, we could call it a type of special attack. The
moment you apply to the system to create a Legion and are registered as its master, it appears in your command list; the name of
the technique is fixed. Very decisively, Judgment Blow.”
“Judgment…,” Haruyuki muttered, and Kuroyukihime turned
her eyes softly from him, continuing her explanation with an increasingly serious expression.
“By joining a Legion, that is, a team, a Burst Linker obtains a
large measure of security. Group battles reduce your risk and also
stabilize your returns. As compensation for that advantage, there
is the Judgment Blow. To participate in a Legion is to submit
your life to its master. Legion members who receive this blow
have their points zeroed out immediately and lose Brain Burst
forever. The term of validity of this attack is during the period of
Legion membership and one month after leaving the Legion.”
“E-even a month later?”
“Mmm. That is to say, if you were disappointingly deceived by
the Red King’s social engineering, if you were to leave Nega Nebulus and join the Red Legion for even a short time, in that instant, you…It would be the same as giving her the power of life
and death over Silver Crow.”
“Whaaaat…” was all he could say.
In all honesty, he couldn’t deny the possibility that he would
have totally bought into the Red-King-as-his-second-cousinTomoko thing if he hadn’t found that picture on his grandparents’
home server. And after sleeping and waking up together for two
nights like that, if she had come at him with the “Actually, I” attack Takumu guessed at earlier, he might have even given into his

emotions and casually joined the Red Legion. It definitely could
have happened.
However.
“But why?” Haruyuki spat out, looking at Kuroyukihime and
Takumu in turn. “Why would the Red King go to all that hassle…?”
“And so we arrive inevitably at that question,” Kuroyukihime
growled. “Hmm…There’s no reason to go so far as to put on this
little suicide show, get Haruyuki to join the Red Legion, and obtain his loyalty by holding the Judgment Blow over his head. Not
to mention that a Legion member with no sense of belonging to
the Legion does no good and quite a bit of harm. Which means…”
Takumu picked up the thread as he pushed up the bridge of
his glasses with his middle finger. “Which means there’s something she wants to make Haru do just once. Just one time, and
she could threaten him to make him do it. That must be what she
was thinking. So then, this ‘something’ should be what the Red
King plans to bring up with Master later. Since her little-sister
cover was blown, maybe she’s changed her strategy from the
backdoor tactic she was working before?”
“Hmm.” After growling in a low voice once again, Kuroyukihime looked up at Takumu. “How can I put this?…You’re starting
to look good for this.”
“S-sorry? For what, Master?”
“The glasses character. How about we call you ‘Professor’ from
now on, Takumu?”
Sliding his back down the fence propping him up, Takumu
moved his head sharply from side to side. “N-no…I do appreciate
it, but I’ll pass.”

Haruyuki worked hard to suppress the urge to laugh and said,
“I-I think Taku’s right. In the duel yesterday, the Red King
could’ve mopped the floor with me, but she didn’t. Instead, she
told me to set up a meeting with Kuroyukihime. Which means
she’s choosing to negotiate as her Plan B, so isn’t that basically a
declaration that her intent is nonhostile?”
“You’ve finally said something sensible!” Kuroyukihime
hummed and recrossed her legs. She crushed the paper that had
been the wrapper for the sandwich she’d just finished and sank it
in the garbage can a ways off, in an incredible overhand throw.
“But, well, fine. If she wants to talk, I’ll listen. At the very least,
the sheer nerve of the King herself coming along, knowing full
well that it outs her in the real world, is impressive, and in a
child, no less. Haruyuki, call the Red King. The meeting will be
today at four PM, the place—”
Here, Kuroyukihime cut herself off and stood up. She whirled
around and grinned.
“Your living room.”
Th-th-th-th-that’s too soon I’m not ready we’re honorable and
just junior high students.
The confused, rambling refusal Haruyuki was preparing was
dodged by Kuroyukihime with a simple: “It’s all right for the Red
King, but not me?”
Takumu invited Chiyuri to walk home with him, saying that he
would come to Haruyuki’s place after that, so inevitably,
Haruyuki went home alone with Kuroyukihime.
Glancing over at Kuroyukihime as she walked along revealed
her to be exchanging cheerful greetings with many other students
while she kept one hand on her holo keyboard. She was most
likely bringing student council work home as usual, but
Haruyuki’s thoughts were new and frantic.

Let’s see, the living room, kitchen, and toilet should all be nice
and clean. And we have tea and snacks. The problem is my
room. Especially that blood-decorated, M-rated collection of
games from the beginning of the century. If she saw those, I’d
never be able to come back from that.
He had to defend his room to the last. No matter what happened. He could not unlock that electronic key. Having made this
resolution, Haruyuki glared at his condo building, just barely
peeking out on the other side of the elevated Chuo Line track.
He got the unusually silent Kuroyukihime on the elevator,
pushed a button, and got off on the twenty-third floor. All that
was left was to walk a dozen meters along the shared outdoor corridor, and then they would be at his door.
“Um…my house is basically nothing special, it’s just a regular
house. We don’t have any pets, either.”
“I—I see. Not a problem. I hate shedding animals.” Kuroyukihime coughed and stopped in Haruyuki’s footsteps.
Please don’t let anything happen! Prayer uttered, Haruyuki
touched the unlock dialogue that floated up into his field of view.
The click of the lock being released followed.
As soon as he yanked on the pull-type doorknob, Haruyuki’s
ears picked up the rat-a-tat-tat of the consecutive fire of a machine gun, a cry of, “Aah! Help me!” in English, and a girl screaming, “Yaah! Die! You’re dead!”
“Aaaugh!!” Haruyuki cried in turn as he ran straight into the
living room, removing his shoes being too much to deal with at
that moment.
There he saw a previous-generation game console connected
to the panel monitor on the wall, cases from his M-rated game
collection scattered all over the floor, and the figure of the Red

King sitting cross-legged on the sofa gripping a wireless controller.
“Wh-wha—My room…locked…” Haruyuki took a step into the
living room, mouth flapping, and the Red King glanced back at
him.
“Oh, you’re home! Big brother, this is quite the hobby you’ve
got. I love this kind of thing!”
Next to Haruyuki, standing stock-still with all thought
processes stopped, he heard a slightly stunned voice. “Well, I
can’t say I hate it myself. The Western games from this era did
have a certain philosophy. Mmm.”
At exactly that moment, an older mafia don character was
blasted away in a splash of blood on the large monitor.
“Yes! That’s five cleared!”
Looking down at the elementary school girl posing triumphantly, Haruyuki muttered hollowly once again, “How…? It
was locked…”
The Red King paused the game and finally turned her entire
body around. She stared first at Haruyuki, then at Kuroyukihime
next to him, before smiling like an angel, red pigtails bouncing. “I
told you, didn’t I? That your mom gave me a spare key for your
place. It’s easy enough to fiddle with that a bit and make it a master key. But don’t worry, big brother. I didn’t touch the other kind
of M-rated games behind your reference books!”
His life was over…
His bag fell with a thud from his right hand, which had lost the
ability to hold things. The Red King turned her gaze from the
gobsmacked Haruyuki to stare at Kuroyukihime again, innocent
expression wiped from her face.

Putting the controller aside, the girl lifted both legs and leaped
down from the sofa. Her clothing was no longer the simple, pure
white blouse and navy skirt of the day before. She was draped in a
bright red T-shirt, black vest with a zipper overtop, and cut-off
jeans that showed her slim legs right up to the base, accented
with red and black-striped thigh-high socks. And around her neck
glittered a Neurolinker with a semitransparent, ruby-like exterior.
The girl, clad in colors like the bright blaze of a fire, took a few
steps forward, dangerous smile still playing around the edges of
her mouth, and next to Haruyuki directly confronted Kuroyukihime.
In stark contrast in black, not a single color on her body as if
she were an aggregate of cold darkness, the junior high school girl
returned an aloof gaze and a cool smile.
He could almost see the blue-white sparks crackling between
the two of them and steadily retreated, momentarily forgetting
the disastrous scene in the living room.
They’re not actually going to just dive into a duel right here,
are they?
He observed them with serious misgivings as the Red King
placed both hands on her hips, lifted her sharp chin, and spoke
without even a trace of the demure-sister act from earlier.
“Hmph, so you’re the Black King. I get it. You sure are black. I
wouldn’t be able to see you at night, even if you were standing
right in front of me.”
Her usual sharp self, Kuroyukihime returned, arms folded,
“And you are actually scarlet, Red King. It’d be interesting to
hang you in an intersection and make cars stop.”
The sparks increased a level in voltage, and Haruyuki took an-

other step back, silently screaming.
These two were both level-nine Kings. Special rules applied if
they got into a duel, and the loser would be unceremoniously
stripped of Brain Burst. They certainly wouldn’t enter into that
fight lightly, but the low threshold of Kuroyukihime’s flash point
went without saying, and the Red King was doubtless a no less
short-tempered personality.
I—I have to throw myself between them!
Haruyuki resolved to nobly sacrifice himself. “U-uh, I sure am
happy I get to have a cute little sister and a beautiful older one all
at once!” he said, scratching the back of his head with one hand.
He turned a sheepish grin on them before he heard:
“I will kill you again.”
“What is wrong with you?”
Two extracold voices lashed out at him simultaneously, piercing his brow and his heart.
No longer bothering to even glance at Haruyuki, staggering
and crumbling, the two Kings continued to face off for another
few seconds before finally averting their gazes together with disdainful sniffs.
After going a step further and clicking her tongue as if to nail
an extra bonus, the Red King looked down on Haruyuki. “Hey,
hurry up and make some tea. Don’t you have any manners?”
“Oh, Haruyuki. I’ll have coffee, black.”
I like second cousin Tomoko from yesterday better, all baking
me cookies and making me curry and stuff.
Honestly dejected, Haruyuki retreated to the kitchen on all

fours, positioned himself where the two of them couldn’t see him,
and gently wiped the corners of his eyes.
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime sat down next to each other at the
large dining table while the Red King perched cross-legged on a
chair on the other side. Just as they were sipping their coffees—
Kuroyukihime’s black, Haruyuki’s with milk and sugar, and the
Red King’s essentially a café au lait made of milk alone—the door
chime finally rang.
“Wow, this takes me back!” Takumu’s cheerful voice called out
as he came inside, the door unlocked remotely by Haruyuki.
“How many years has it been since I came over here, Ha—”
And then he saw the devastation on the living room floor, immediately grasped that something of some import had happened,
and clapped Haruyuki on the shoulder lightly, sympathy rising up
behind his glasses.
Next, he looked at the Red King, and after narrowing his eyes
for a moment, he set himself down next to her without a word. A
cup of coffee with only a little milk was already waiting there for
him, and he mumbled his thanks as he stretched out a hand. Affably, he offered, “First, how about we start by introducing ourselves? It would make sense for you to tell us your name, I think,
Red King.”
The girl sniffed quickly, but at the hard look Takumu shot her,
she opened her mouth. “Well, whatever. I can do that much for
you at least. I’m…Yuniko. Yuniko Kozuki.”
She followed that with a snap of her fingers, and a crimson
name tag popped up in Haruyuki’s field of vision, inscribed with
“Yuniko Kozuki” in a rather cute font. Although it was a business
card sort of thing to give people you were just meeting, it was also
a simple ID card. In the bottom right corner of the tag, a resident
net certification mark glittered, and given the fact that even a wizard-level hacker would have a tough time forging this, the name

on the tag had to be real.
The only other thing on the tag was her date of birth. Born December 2035, which meant she had just turned eleven.
There was often a discrepancy between the mental and physical ages of Burst Linkers, but in the case of the Red King—Yuniko
—there was something that was hard to pin down. Sometimes,
she seemed much more mature than Haruyuki, and other times,
she was more like the girl her tag said she was.
“Hmm, Yuniko, huh?”
Tomoko-now-Yuniko gave the grinning Takumu a suspicious
look. “Now what’s your name, Cyan Pile?” Which meant the Red
King had already done a fair bit of checking into Nega Nebulus.
Takumu had also likely made that assumption, and while his
smile warped to include a hint of cynicism, he obediently voiced
his real name. “I’m Takumu Mayuzumi. A pleasure.” He slid a
gentle finger, probably sending the Red King his name tag.
Yuniko momentarily stared into space, then turned her gaze
on Haruyuki before her, jerking her chin.
“Y-you already know my real name, don’t you? Haruyuki
Arita.”
“Gimme your tag,” he was ordered, and he reluctantly turned
to his desktop.
Finally, the eyes of all three fell on Kuroyukihime, who had
stayed silent for this exchange. She lifted her face from her cup
and blinked her long eyelashes slowly. “Hmm? Oh, is it my turn?
I’m Kuroyukihime. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Yuniko
Kozuki.”
“Come on! That’s not your real name!!” Yuniko shouted immediately, and Kuroyukihime flicked a finger coolly.

Instantly, a jet-black name tag appeared not only in front of
the Red King, but also in Haruyuki’s field of vision.
KUROYUKIHIME

To the lower right of this, in a large Mincho font, the seal of
resident net certification shone, and Haruyuki shook his head
with a sigh. He really could not understand this girl.
The Red King released her breath slowly through her nose
with an expression that was difficult to describe and finally
clicked her tongue loudly. “Aah seriously, fine, whatever! I’ll just
remember you’re totally shameless and actually have the nerve to
call yourself ‘hime’ like a princess!”
Even if she was to force Kuroyukihime to give up her real
name, Yuniko would have no positive proof that the next tag
would be the real thing, either, since Kuroyukihime had clearly
hacked the quantum cypher key of her tag.
Kuroyukihime finally smiled. “Much cuter than referring to
oneself as ‘King,’ don’t you think?” she asked, complacent and
cool. “In any case, now that the introductions have been concluded without incident, perhaps you will allow me to get straight
to the point.” Her smile vanished, and her jet-black eyes were
alight with a sharp gleam. “First of all, Red King—or rather, Yuniko. I must hear exactly how you cracked Haruyuki in the real.”
First staring blankly at this unexpected opening, Haruyuki belatedly held his breath.
Right. This is the thing we should be concerned about more
than anything else. How the Red King disguised herself as my
second cousin Tomoko, not just the reason she did. Cracking the
real is the ultimate taboo for Burst Linkers. Because it was directly connected to the safety of one’s real-world self.
Glancing over at the now pale and easily read Haruyuki, Yu-

niko shrugged lightly. “You don’t need to make that face. Even in
the Red Legion, the only one who knows you’re Silver Crow is me.
I give you my word as King. As for how I pinned you down…” One
corner of her mouth yanked its way up. “Same tech I used to
sneak into this house. Social engineering. And in a way only an elementary school kid like me can do.”
“Huh? What do you mean…?”
“Everyone knows you guys’ territory is Suginami. And I
guessed from the times you showed up that you were a junior
high student. You following me so far?”
Because of the requirement that Burst Linkers must have been
wearing a Neurolinker from birth, even the oldest ones were currently only sixteen. Strictly speaking, it was possible for some to
be in tenth grade, but if they were students, the majority were in
junior high, giving Yuniko’s guess legs.
Nodding sharply, the Red King tucked her chin in slightly and
continued. “So, then I used the fact that I’m in elementary school
and systematically applied for school visits to every single junior
high in Suginami Ward. Cuz if you get a visitor’s pass, you can
connect to the in-school local net. And then I just accelerate a bit
while the teacher’s showing me around and take a look at the
matching list—”
“Which means you could discover Silver Crow at any point.
Hmm, extremely troublesome, but your method makes sense,”
Kuroyukihime said, slightly vexed. “However. You couldn’t have
known anything more than that he was one of the three hundred
students attending Umesato. How on earth did you determine it
was Haruyuki here?”
At this, the Red King pursed her lips and fell silent for a moment. Face downturned, she gave Haruyuki a sidelong scowl before producing a voice that sounded very much like like she was
excusing herself.

“Listen, it’s not like I have any particular feelings for you one
way or the other, okay? At best, it’s your duel avatar I got business with, or more like just the wings on your back. I found Silver
Crow at Umesato Junior High, I set up camp at a restaurant
where you could see the road between the school gates, and I accelerated whenever students came out on their way home. I can
tell you, I was pretty surprised when this guy was the person at
the gate when Silver Crow appeared on the matching list.”
Normally, this jab would’ve cut deeply, but right now,
Haruyuki’s resources were stretched too thin for that. His eyes
grew round, and he flapped his mouth a few times before timidly
asking, “Exactly how many Burst Points did you use…?”
“’Round two hundred maybe.”
“T-two hundred!!” Haruyuki shouted, Takumu nearly dropped
his cup, and Kuroyukihime offered a large, wry smile.
“I see. In other words, this is a method that only you, an elementary schooler who’s also a King with points to spare, could
employ. However, well…your tenacity’s quite commendable.
Have you really fallen so hard for Haruyuki?”
“That’s not it!!” Irrationally, she kicked Haruyuki’s shin with a
bang under the table, and Haruyuki yelped.
“I told you!! My business is with the avatar, not the person inside!! I mean, if things had gone well, right about now I would’ve
stolen him away and made him my subordinate!!”
“So, then,” Takumu said quietly, still smiling, almond eyes
filled with a cool light, “this ‘business’ is the ultimate reason you
expended two hundred points, cracked Haru in the real, threw
yourself into a social engineering project, and asked for this
meeting.”
As soon as he spoke, any hint of childishness was absent from

Yuniko’s face. “That’s right,” the Red King agreed in a low voice,
shaking her neatly bound red hair, entrusting her slim body to
her seat back.
Her dark green eyes shot straight at Haruyuki from beneath
half-closed lids. The pressure of that gaze was more than sufficient to remind him that even if she was a small girl, she was still
a King like Kuroyukihime.
“The wings on your back…I want to borrow your flight ability,
just once. To destroy the Armor of Catastrophe.”

3
Haruyuki couldn’t understand the meaning of Red King Yuniko’s
words. Most likely, Takumu was in a similar state, eyebrows
slightly furrowed behind his glasses. Only Kuroyukihime reacted
with any intensity.
She abruptly clenched her right hand, which had been reaching for her cup. The Black King slammed her fist down on the
table and shouted. “Fool! That armor…It’s already been destroyed!!”
She fell silent, eyes staring off into space, and Haruyuki hesitantly posed a question to her pale profile. “U-um…What is that?
The, uh, Armor of Catastrophe? It’s a thing, not a person?”
For a few seconds, Kuroyukihime stayed silent, but finally, she
leaned back gently in her chair and let out a long, narrow breath.
Crossing her stocking-clad legs, she turned her upper body toward him.
“Yes…How to put it…It is a person, specifically, a Burst Linker;
but it is also a thing, in other words, an object. I suppose you
could describe it that way. Haruyuki, do you remember the first
opponent you fought?”
“Oh, uh, yeah. The guy on the bike…Ash Roller, right?”
Haruyuki nodded, an image of the splashy chopper motorcycle
and the skull helmet floating up in the back of his mind. He still
occasionally fought duels with him, a member of the Green Legion, which had its stronghold from the neighborhoods of
Shibuya to Roppongi, sometimes winning, sometimes losing.

“His motorcycle. It’s an object distinct from the rider himself
but comprises the whole of the duel avatar. Which means that it
ends up being a thing and a person, yes?”
“Umm…I guess so. Yeah.” He bobbed his head again.
“In the Brain Burst system, this type of external item is called
Enhanced Armament.”
“Enhanced…Armament.”
That…has a kinda cool name. Haruyuki felt a momentary
thrill, which quickly changed into dejection. Because no matter
how he looked at it, the empty-handed Silver Crow didn’t have
any.
As if seeing into Haruyuki’s heart, Kuroyukihime smiled very
briefly and somewhat bitterly before saying, “I don’t have any, either. Don’t be so down about it.”
“I have some, though,” Yuniko said, twisting her mouth into a
sneer.
“Although in your case, it’s rather that it has you at this point.”
Kuroyukihime’s sharp voice rained down without missing a beat.
“Ooh! Those grapes are nice and sour!”
“O-okay,” Haruyuki hurriedly interjected himself between the
two girls’ glares. “So those incredible heat-power lasers Scarlet
Rain has…are those Enhanced Armaments?”
“They are. However, they are not such a rare item as this little
girl boasts. There are actually four ways to get Armaments.”
Kuroyukihime stuck out the thumb on her raised right fist and
continued. “The first is, you have some from the start as your initial equipment. Ash Roller’s motorcycle is probably one of these.”
“The Pile Driver in my right hand is one, too, right?” Takumu

cut in, and Haruyuki cried out in surprise.
“What? You have some, too, Taku?”
“Yeah, well. Let’s just listen.”
“…I’ll continue.” The nail of Kuroyukihime’s index finger
stretched out, hitting empty space. “The second is, you obtain Armament as a level-up bonus. Although this is not possible if there
are no choices for your bonus.”
“…I didn’t have any…,” Haruyuki muttered, remembering the
three times he’d leveled up so far. But even if there had been, he’d
have followed Kuroyukihime’s advice and poured all his bonuses
into speed and flying time.
Her middle finger extended next, and Kuroyukihime continued with her explanation. “And then the third. You spend points
and buy some in the shop. This one would be possible for you,
Haruyuki, but, mmm, I don’t recommend it.”
“Huh? Shop…a store? Where is it?”
“Not telling. I can see only too well that you’ll go crazy with all
of your points.”
“I—I…”
Takumu laughed out loud and nodded. “No doubt about it.
When Haru goes into a store like that, his whole personality
changes.”
“Wh-what are you two even…”
The relaxed mood wafting out to the living room was cut short
by a demand from Yuniko. “Hurry up and say the fourth!”
Although Kuroyukihime nodded as she met head-on the dangerous gaze of the Red King, she didn’t immediately move to

speak.
Consequently, Yuniko reached across the table and forced the
ring finger on Kuroyukihime’s right hand up while spitting out
abruptly: “Four. Kill someone and take it.”
“K-kill…”
“That’s not an entirely clarified phenomenon, but…,” Kuroyukihime added, a sigh-infused explanation for the benefit of
Haruyuki gazing in wonderment. “If a Burst Linker with Enhanced Armament loses in a duel and thus her burst points drop
to zero and she is forever removed from the Accelerated World, in
some cases, the ownership of the loser’s Armament is transferred
to the winner.”
“One of the current established theories is that it’s a randomly
generated event with a low probability,” Yuniko interjected,
clasping both hands behind her head. “But ‘maybe’ isn’t how it
works for the Armor of Catastrophe. One-hundred-percent transferral rate—it’s totes cursed.”
“However,” Kuroyukihime murmured, her teeth squeaking
sharply as she ground them together. “That is impossible. It was
destroyed. Two years ago, I saw the Armor…I witnessed the end
of Chrome Disaster; I confirmed its annihilation!”
Chrome Disaster is the name of a legendary Burst Linker who
had existed in the dawning of the Accelerated World, which is to
say, seven years ago.
The story Kuroyukihime told began with those words.
Wrapped in the metallic gray, knight-like Enhanced Armor,
Chrome Disaster possessed fierce combat abilities and made
many Linkers crawl before him. His fighting method was, in a
word, severe…or perhaps brutal; he was said to decapitate sur-

rendering opponents, tear off their limbs, and perpetrate every
outrage on them.
However, the end finally came for even him, he who had
pushed countless duelers to the permanent loss of Brain Burst.
The highest-level Burst Linkers—other than himself—joined together, targeted Chrome Disaster, and deliberately and repeatedly challenged him to duels.
In the end, his points dropped to zero, and in the moment he
faced his “death” in the Accelerated World, he laughed loudly
and cried out, “I curse this world. I dishonor it. I will be resurrected again and again.”
Those words were truth. The Burst Linker called Chrome Disaster himself left, but the Armor…his Enhanced Armament did
not disappear. Ownership of it transferred to one of those who
had subjugated him, and the mind of the Linker who equipped it,
whether out of curiosity or giving into temptation…was hijacked. Despite the fact that until then this Linker had been
beloved as a noble leader, in the space of one night—a single
night—she changed into a ruthless slaughterer. Apparently, this
wild figure was absolutely indistinguishable from the first
Chrome Disaster .
There her words stopped, and after wetting her throat with
coffee, Kuroyukihime continued gravely.
“The same events have, in fact, been repeated three times.
Once the owner of the Armor has sown terror, they are subjugated, but the Armor, rather than disappearing, is transferred to
the one who dealt its owner the final blow, and this transfer
changes their personality. This Burst Linker is then referred to as
Chrome Disaster, instead of their original name. Two and a half
years ago, already occupying one of the seats of the Seven Kings
of Pure Color, I participated in the subjugation of the fourth
Chrome Disaster with the other Kings. The dreadful nature of

that battle…Even now, my hair stands on end. I couldn’t possibly
communicate it in words.”
She set her cup back down and stroked her arms gently over
her uniform. “And that’s it, Haruyuki.” Her tone changed
abruptly. “Sorry, but can you get two direct cables?”
“Huh, c-cables?! Two of them…?”
“I have one myself. As for length, I suppose a meter should
do.”
“O-okay.”
Still not getting what she was up to, Haruyuki stood and trotted to his room, grabbed two of the XSB cables bundled up on a
wire rack on the wall, and returned to the living room.
“I had exactly two. Um, the length is, this one’s a meter, and
this one’s…ooh, ouch. Fifty centimeters.” He dangled a cable from
each hand, shrugging, and Yuniko stood up with an agreeable
look.
“Ohhh, is that it? Okay, okay, I’ll make do with the fifty-centimeter one.” Smiling smugly, she grabbed the shorter of the cables from Haruyuki’s left hand and plugged it into the connector
on her own red Neurolinker. As soon as she had:
“H-hey! Enough! I’ll use that one!”
“Noooope.” Yuniko slipped smoothly past Kuroyukihime’s outstretched hand and landed on Haruyuki’s left arm. A body still
hard like a boy’s attached itself to him, its sweet and sour scent
wafting upward as she aimed at the slightly stunned Haruyuki’s
neck. She thrust the plug at him.
He had no time to dodge, and the plug was inserted in his
Neurolinker, causing a WIRED CONNECTED warning to flash before
his eyes.

“Wh-whoa?! Wh-what—”
Yuniko looked up at the flustered Haruyuki and smiled boldly.
“Come on, put that looooong one in and hand it to the girl there.
Oh, and if you try and peek into my memory, you’ll pay for it, so
you better be careful.”
At this, Haruyuki finally grasped the meaning behind the three
cables. Kuroyukihime was trying to create a daisy chain among
the four Neurolinkers present.
Takumu’s and Yuniko’s Neurolinkers were the lite type, with
one external connection terminal, so the only way to connect all
four of them was to have Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime—equipped
with high-performance types with two terminals—come into the
middle. Quickly grasping this, Yuniko had likely secured the
shortest cable right off the bat to annoy Kuroyukihime. The effect
was immediate, and Kuroyukihime’s right cheek twitched as both
fists trembled, and she cried threateningly, “Do not cling to him
like that, you!”
“Don’t have much of a choice, do I? Cable’s too short.”
“You were the one who chose it!” After raising her voice,
Kuroyukihime finally sniffed with disdain and looked down on
the Red King with her Kuroyuki smile and its temperature of absolute zero. “Honestly. This is why I despise children. Intimacy
being this or that depending on the length of the cable, it’s really
just nonsense!”

“Oh my, no one said anything about that, you know? I just figured
there would be less signal decay with the shorter one.”
“Th-th-this…”
Watching her aura suddenly rise from absolute zero all the
way up to the temperature of the sun’s surface, Haruyuki thrust
out a cable with the other end connected and made desperate
eyes at her, as if to say Please forgive me somehow, your Highness! Kuroyukihime took the cable, almost snatching it from him,
and as she connected it to her own Neurolinker, she offered
Takumu her usual two-meter cable, which she produced from her
pocket.
Takumu, watching the proceedings half-dumbfounded, half
smiling faintly, inserted the terminal, and Haruyuki heaved a sigh
of relief when a second direct warning popped up, indicating that
all four Neurolinkers were finally connected in a line.
“Um…so now.…what are we doing?”
“First of all, sit down,” Kuroyukihime commanded in an even
more brusque tone. She promptly sat, tucking her legs under her
and stretching her back up straight. Haruyuki hurried to follow
suit, but the cable started pulling. Yuniko, still glued to him on
the left, followed him down with a flop.
Finally, Takumu knelt, back straight, a reminder of his kendo
team membership, and glanced over at Kuroyukihime. “Master,
should we accelerate?”
“No, there’s no need for that. After switching to full sensory
mode, jump through the access gate displayed. Now, here we go.
Direct link.”
Watching Kuroyukihime’s eyelids snap shut and her shoulders
relax, Haruyuki hurried to shout the same command. “Direct

link.”
Immediately, the sensations from his entire body and the surrounding scene receded. His Neurolinker canceled out the actual
information coming from his five senses, leaving only his consciousness to be called into the virtual space. In the darkness, he
simply had a strong impression of falling. If he waited like this, he
would go into a full dive on the Arita home net, but before that
could happen, a round, shining access gate rose up before his
eyes.
The instant he stretched out an invisible hand to touch it,
Haruyuki’s consciousness was sucked through the gate.
Light spread out, as if yanked from the center of his vision, and
enveloped him. The scene that appeared was an infinite wasteland with nothing but rows and rows of strangely purple rocks.
Wondering where exactly this was as he turned his gaze downward, Haruyuki noticed that his body was not there and panicked
a little. However, he soon realized that this was not the Accelerated World, but rather a VR movie; in other words, a recorded
video that played directly inside his brain. As evidence of this,
numbers counting out the play time and a slide bar floated small
in the lower right-hand corner of his visual field.
“Um…Kuroyukihime?” he asked, and there was a response immediately to his right.
“I’m here. Takumu, little girl, are you also here?”
Although he couldn’t see her, that was definitely Kuroyukihime’s voice. Which was followed by the sound of two other
voices: “Yes” and “Don’t call me that.”
When Haruyuki looked around again and confirmed that, yes,
there really was nothing other than the weird rocks, he asked
timidly, “Umm…What is this movie file that’s playing? If we’re

just going to watch a movie, why go to all the trouble of us directing?”
“I don’t want anything leaking to the outside, just in case. If I
transmitted to all of you via your home net, it would remain in
the cache of the condo servers.”
“O-ohhh.” He got the reason for the direct connection, but the
content of the movie was still a mystery. He cocked the head of
his invisible body with the thought that it probably wasn’t material that required any particular concern when he heard a sharp
wind blowing suddenly in the sky above him. As soon as he raised
his eyes, he saw a figure landing with a crunch about ten meters
in front of him.
Jet-black, sparkling, semitransparent armor. Long, sharp,
sword-shaped limbs. V-shaped head. There was no mistake, it
was Kuroyukihime’s duel avatar, Black Lotus.
“What? Kuroyukihime…?!” Haruyuki cried out unconsciously.
“Mmm,” Kuroyukihime replied. “It’s me. From two and a half
years ago, however.”
“Two…and a half years. No, wait…If you’re in that form, then
is this the Accelerated World? I mean, is this a recording of a
duel…?” he asked, wondering if this was a feature in Brain Burst.
This time, to his left it was Yuniko’s voice that he heard.
“Thing called ‘Replay.’ You can record with a crazy-expensive
item. Anyway, two and a half years ago—that means this is a
replay of that battle you mentioned before, the Seven Kings of
Pure Color versus Chrome Disaster? But there’s just you alone?”
“No, someone else will come soon.”
Before she had even finished speaking, a new duel avatar appeared from the left side of the field. Haruyuki strained his eyes

as he wondered at the fact that it was a battle of many against
one.
About a head taller than Black Lotus, its body was slim, but its
arms and legs had serious volume to them. It carried a thick, rectangular shield in its left hand, and its right hand was empty. The
color of the armor covering its body was emerald-like, deep and
transparent green.
“What a beautiful green…Master, is that…?”
“Yes. The Green King,” Kuroyukihime responded to Takumu’s
whisper. “Affiliation is near and midrange…but the nickname
more accurately expresses this avatar’s particular nature. That
is, invulnerable.”
“Looks pretty hard. Rumor has it, all his losses were timeups, and even then, his HP’s never once been cut in half…Obviously a lie, though.”
“Watch and see,” Kuroyukihime replied curtly to Yuniko’s
slight jeering, and the movie Black Lotus approached the green
avatar, indicating with a gesture the shadow of a large rock beside
them.
The Green King assented silently and slid into the shadow of
the rock, pressing his back up against it. The Black King hid herself behind a rock a slight distance off. They were clearly planning
an ambush.
Haruyuki watched over them, holding his breath even though
he knew it was a video of the past, when he heard a sudden low
crunch to his left. He snapped his gaze there with a gasp. Crunch,
crunch. The dry sound of earth being trodden slowly drew closer.
A few seconds later, an enormous duel avatar appeared from
between the strange rocks. It likely had another fifty centimeters
on the Green King, and its chest, covered in bellows-shaped

armor, was unusually thin and long, inclined forward, like a
snake raising its head. Both arms were also almost impossibly
long. Its hands, dangling down, held clumsy axes, thick blades
nearly scraping along the ground. Its head was smoothly cylindrical, reminiscent of a massive earthworm, two black holes on the
end. Dark inside, the eyes shone red and blinked vigorously over
and over.
The armor on its body was a dusky silver. As the surface of it
reflected the weak sunlight, the avatar, looking around at its surroundings, abruptly came to stare directly at Haruyuki. Standing
stock-still, he instantly forgot this was a recording and cringed
with fear.
What’s going on? This…is this a Burst Linker? An avatar operated by a flesh-and-blood human being?
No way. It’s like a robot…No, like a wild beast.
“Is that…the fourth Chrome Disaster? It’s completely different
in form and size from the fifth one running wild right now,” Yuniko murmured in a voice that was relaxed as always but tinged
with faint tension.
“I suppose it would be. The black armor is Enhanced Armament, so the shape would change depending on the avatar
equipping it. However, its characteristics do not change, no
matter who inherits it. Essentially, an aggressiveness very close
to madness,” Kuroyukihime replied quietly, and as if guided by
her words, the enormous black avatar wordlessly brandished its
axes.
The blade’s target was obviously the strange stone where the
Green King was hidden. Whether by some unspecified means or
by instinct, Chrome Disaster had seen through the ambush.
With a roar like a carnivorous animal, the avatar brought its ax
down with ferocious velocity. The thick rock split like butter, but

just before it did, the green avatar leapt sideways, slipping out
from behind the stone.
The massive ax followed and was brandished once again. The
Green King, turning and standing his ground, unable to flee this
time, held aloft the square shield on his left arm.
With a metallic screech, the four corners of the shield expanded, and its rectangular shape became a large cross, large
enough to basically cover the entirety of the Green King. The
crude ax collided with the shield from on high with all the power
its wielder’s arm could muster.
A waterfall of sparks flew out, accompanied by the earsplitting
clang of impact. Although the ax bounced back, the Green King
dropped to his knees.
A cry indistinguishable between anger or joy leaping from his
mouth, Chrome Disaster brought his ax down over and over with
wild abandon. With his cross-shaped shield, the Green King efficiently and accurately continued his defense against the assault,
which looked as though it could cut right through a body if it
landed a single blow.
Here, Haruyuki finally noticed several deep cuts in Chrome
Disaster’s dark silver armor. Each time the ax was swung, a black
mist flew out of them and dispersed into the air.
“He’s injured…?” Haruyuki muttered unconsciously.
“He is,” Kuroyukihime replied in a whisper. “Right before this,
he fought the other kings and was cornered in this place. In
terms of his health gauge, he’s on the verge of death. And yet he’s
still this wild. At the time, I feared him from the bottom of my
heart.”
I can totally believe that. Just watching the replay like this
makes me want to run so bad. Muttering to himself, Haruyuki

felt the hair on his real-life body, the sensations of which should
have been cut off, stand up. In truth, it was unthinkable. A singlehanded rampage against the kings, supposedly the strongest beings in the Accelerated World. And doing it while near death. Did
this mean Chrome Disaster’s true strength exceeded level nine?
Chrome Disaster growled, perhaps irritated at the Green King,
whose defenses did not crumble no matter how many times the
monster struck them with his ax. Even as he continued to attack,
he stretched out his long head and wetly, abruptly opened his
mouth.
Haruyuki stared in amazement as a long, thin tongue—or
something resembling some kind of tube—sluggishly stretched
out from the center of what was more reminiscent of a cylindrical
intake port than a mouth.
“That’s one of Chrome Disaster’s abilities, Drain,” Kuroyukihime uttered sharply. “He steals the HP gauge of his opponent in
battle.”
As she spoke, the long tube slithered out, trying to circumvent
the Green King’s cross shield to approach his head.
“Watch out!” Haruyuki cried out involuntarily.
Black Lotus, who until that point had stayed hidden, not joining in the battle in any way, flew out from the background of the
image like a flash of black lightning. She brought the sword of her
right arm down at a speed that made it impossible to see, and
Chrome Disaster’s tongue was severed at the root.
“Gah! Gahgahgahgahgah!!” The enormous avatar threw his
head back, cries of clear distress and a murky darkness coming
from the round mouth.
Black Lotus applied the sword of her left hand to a large
wound carved into his chest and plunged through mercilessly,

right up to the base.
The long blade, piercing through his back, suddenly shone a
blinding violet. The Black King yanked her limb upward, ever
higher, as she somersaulted magnificently backward. Before the
glittering, ink-black avatar could land again, Chrome Disaster’s
head was ripped in two.
And the slide bar displaying the play time in the bottom right
of the screen reached its end.
Returning from the full dive with the “link out” command,
Haruyuki realized the palms of his real hands were damp with
cold sweat. Takumu, sitting straight across from him, was also
pale. Looking to his left, he saw that even the Red King Yuniko
kept her lips silently pursed.
“He continued to fight in that state for another two minutes
before finally perishing,” Kuroyukihime murmured, removing the
two cables plugged into her Neurolinker.
Haruyuki followed suit. “That…Was that really a Burst
Linker?” he asked hoarsely, while bundling up the cables with
stiff hands. “There was really a real player inside just like us…?”
“For sure. I mean, there’s no real difference from the way The
Fifth fights now…and that is that, Black King.” Yuniko spoke in a
low voice as she stood. She threw a glance at Kuroyukihime, who
wore an unusually stormy look on her face. “I guess it’s a fact you
guys worked your butts off to take down The Fourth, since you
have the replay. But, okay, if that’s the case, why didn’t the armor
there, the Enhanced Armament, why didn’t it disappear?!”
“It did!” Kuroyukihime shouted back, leaping to her feet. Lips
pressed tightly together, she threw herself into a chair at the
table. She waited for the other three to do the same before continuing in a strained voice. “Immediately after the owner of the
Armor—the fourth Chrome Disaster—left the Accelerated World

forever, the Green King and I rejoined the other five and checked
our status windows then and there. We all confirmed it then: that
we did not have the Armor in our storage. Meaning it was annihilated. The curse of continual transfer to the opponent defeating
its host was severed at that time. And, in fact, Chrome Disaster
stopped appearing after that!”
Abruptly cutting off the declaration that had practically become a shout by the end, Kuroyukihime glared at Yuniko as if
challenging her.
The second Red King squarely accepted the pressure of those
ink-black eyes. “If that’s true, how do you explain what’s going on
now?!” she demanded sharply. “How do you explain the fact that
The Fifth is definitely out there and running wild just like the old
days?”
“What is The Fifth called? If whoever it is equipped the Armor,
had their mind contaminated, and became the fifth Chrome Disaster, there’s no reason their name in the system would change. If
you duel them, you should be able to find out the name of the
avatar inside the armor. Exactly which King was it who was possessed by this armor?!”
This time, Yuniko lowered her gaze and dropped into silence.
A few seconds later, she heaved a long, deep sigh and shook her
head from side to side.
“…It’s not a King. The Fifth one is one of our…a member of the
Red Legion, Prominence. Originally named Cherry Rook. But that
guy’s not in there anymore. He’s been eaten up by the Armor; he’s
gone.” Her voice, in contrast with her tendency toward aggressive
words, was unusually hoarse and shaky.
“It’s not…a King? A member of the Red Legion? But…”
Kuroyukihime’s eyes narrowed swiftly, and she stroked her pale
lips with her right index finger.

As she furrowed her brow, sinking into thought, Takumu
raised a hand lightly and began to speak. “Perhaps it’s something
like this, Master. If they connect directly, perhaps through the
shop, Enhanced Armament can be transferred between Burst
Linkers. I can’t really speak to this personally, but considering
that backdoor program incident, I can’t believe all the Kings are
pacifists with perfectly clean hands. Perhaps some King with an
ax to grind made a false promise two and a half years ago, secretly carried the Armor away, and then handed it off to Cherry
Rook?”
“Could something like that…have happened? But it’s as I said
before, the Kings—level-nine players—no longer have any reason
to desire large quantities of points. No matter how many we collect, we still can’t reach level ten. So if this King did hand the
armor over…the only reason could be to strengthen their own Legion and weaken the others. But the risk of setting the uncontrollable Chrome Disaster loose is too great. Moreover, if a Red Legion member has it, then the originator would have to be the Red
King. But the Red King who took part in the subjugation two and
a half years ago…”
Most likely, Haruyuki was the only one who noticed Kuroyukihime’s voice stiffen for an instant.
Her cool hand suddenly touched his under the table. As if
gaining strength from his warmth, she continued speaking, the
tremor in her tone under control.
“The Red King of the time is no longer in the Accelerated
World. He was also killed a mere three months after the subjugation of Chrome Disaster. So it’s not possible for him to have been
the originator.”
“I don’t actually know the details since I had only just become
a Burst Linker and was just chirping away back then,” the Red
King interjected gloomily, seemingly having failed to notice
Kuroyukihime’s momentary trouble. “Obviously, I didn’t inherit

any Armor or anything from my predecessor. And even if I had, I
wouldn’t dream of making a member equip it. Why would I? Just
seeing that demonic fighting style…”
“I-is The Fifth…that incredible?”
Yuniko glanced up at Haruyuki’s question. “More than in that
replay, in some ways,” she spit out. “He’s no Burst Linker anymore, and the way he fights is no duel. I…I saw him pluck the
arm off a fallen opponent and chomp down on it.”
“Geh,” he groaned, imagining the scene involuntarily. Overpowering the sour, bitter taste of his coffee with plenty of milk
and sugar, Haruyuki asked the two Kings before him, “B-but…before you said stuff like ‘possessed’ and ‘contaminated mind.’ The
Enhanced Armament…Does that mean it’s not just an ordinary
weapon? Does it actually interfere with the thoughts of the Burst
Linker themselves?”
“It does. And it’s certainly possible,” Kuroyukihime asserted
immediately. “Do you remember? I explained it to you when you
became a Burst Linker, Haruyuki. Brain Burst reads the user’s
feelings of inferiority and obsessions, condenses them, and creates the duel avatar.”
“R-right.”
“That means that it has the ability to access not only the sensory areas of the brain through the Neurolinker, but also the domains of thought and memory, although general applications are
strictly regulated. All of which is to say—the Enhanced Armament
is stained with the awareness of losing the Burst Linker who produced it. When someone else equips it, it’s quite possible that
that awareness flows back into them.”
“That’s…I can’t…” A shiver ran up Haruyuki’s spine. He often
found his own negative thoughts too much to handle; he was sure
he would be instantly crushed at having to bear another person’s.

“I-I’m fine. No Enhanced Armament for me.”
“Good,” Kuroyukihime agreed, laughing briefly. “Although,
well, it’s most likely only Chrome Disaster that would contaminate your mind to the point where your entire personality
changes. Just what kind of person was the first Chrome Disaster
—”
“I don’t know. And I don’t care!” Yuniko shouted, standing
suddenly, chair clattering. “He was a stupid bastard ruining
everything! He was an idiot for making it! Same goes for the idiot
who picked it up and hid it and then gave it to Cherry Rook!
Cherry was…He was a good guy. Didn’t have any incredible abilities or anything, but he kept plodding ahead and made it to level
six. Things were supposed to be fun for him from now on! And
now…Shit! Goddammit!!”
As she turned away with incredible swiftness, Haruyuki saw
something slightly damp in the Red King’s large eyes.
Staring out at the group of skyscrapers on the other side of the
balcony, Yuniko squeezed out a trembling murmur. “He’s still a
member of the Red Legion, and he’s going through the other
members and attacking them systematically. Breaking the nonaggression pact. I…I have to clean house.”
“I see.” Kuroyukihime broke the profoundly heavy silence that
descended briefly with a quiet observation. “Although this is the
infamous Chrome Disaster. Even if you set out to defeat him normally…that is while he remains a member of the Legion…being
Legion Master, you could expel him forever from the Accelerated
World with a single move, with the Judgment Blow.”
Holding her silence a few seconds longer, Yuniko nodded
slowly before shaking her head from side to side. “Ten days ago—
he had just gotten to level seven—I challenged him to a one-onone. To clean house, right? But—Get this, Black Lotus. He—
Chrome Disaster managed to dodge every single one of my long-

range attacks.”
“What?”
“Doesn’t matter which Legion Master you are, the Judgment
Blow is a close-range technique, basically point-blank. To land
that blow, you gotta slam ’em with a normal attack to cut their
legs out from under them. But no matter how much I fired my
main weapons or my missiles, I couldn’t even scratch him. The
opposite, actually. His sword chipped away at my HP until finally…I lost in a time-up.”
“You lost?! You’re telling me that even with the Judgment
Blow, you, a King, lost?!”
“Don’t go acting all surprised. You fought him; you get it. That
kind of mobility, no one but monsters can move like that. Incredible long-distance jumps, control of his trajectory in the air, it’s almost like he’s flying.”
“Fly…ing…” Swallowing back a murmur, Kuroyukihime stared
first at Yuniko, standing on the other side of the table, and then at
Haruyuki, sitting next to her. Then she nodded, slowly, deeply. “I
see. We finally come to your objective. I understand why you
spent such an incredible amount of time cracking Haruyuki in the
real and going on this suicidal social engineering mission.”
At that point, Takumu seemed to arrive at the same conclusion, and scrutinized by the other three, Haruyuki squirmed,
swinging his gaze from side to side.
“Wh-what? This objective…What is it?”
“Isn’t it obvious, big brother?” Yuniko said sweetly, abruptly
adopting the pure demeanor of her angel mode. “You capture
Chrome Disaster for me.”
Nearly five seconds passed with Haruyuki in a slack-jawed

daze.
No way. Too scary. You’ve gotta be kidding.
Haruyuki shouted, fell off his chair, and tried to hide behind
Kuroyukihime. But the Black King dropped her head thoughtfully, grabbed the back of the collar of his school uniform, and
yanked upward mercilessly.
“Haruyuki, all things are experiences,” she whispered, the gentle smile of a saint on her face. “I don’t think there’s any harm in
trying.”
“Wh-what?!”
“I’m not saying go in there and fight one-on-one. However,
this problem involves not only the Red Legion, but the entire Accelerated World, including those of us in Nega Nebulus. In which
case, perhaps this is a situation where you need to stand up as a
man, as a Burst Linker.”
When she gets that look on her face and starts talking like
this, she’s generally plotting something, Haruyuki groaned in his
heart, but unable to guess what that something might be, he
groped frantically for a decent excuse.
“B-but…even a King, I mean, a level-nine Burst Linker, was no
match for this guy! A level-four Linker like me, he’ll send me flying instantly, and the whole thing’ll be over! And I don’t want to
have my head or arms or anything yanked off!!”
“I would not let that happen to you, would I?” Once again: that
smile like the finest gelato melting. “All you need to do is follow
Chrome Disaster with your speed and flying ability, and prevent
him from moving for a brief while. Myself and the little girl here
will then steal from the enemy the power of movement.”
“Y-you say that, but—” Not knowing when to give up,

Haruyuki dialed up his escape skills to full and somehow managed to come up with a final argument. “That means, then, that
you’re assuming you’ll bring him into a team battle? But that’ll
put Chrome Disaster up against at minimum me, you, and Scarlet
Rain all by himself. There’s no way he’ll accept a duel with that
kind of handicap!”
As long as a Burst Linker’s Neurolinker was connected to the
net, they couldn’t refuse a challenge to a normal one-on-one duel
from another Burst Linker. But it was a different story when the
duel mode was “team” or “battle royale.” They would be challenging the person inside Chrome Disaster to an extremely disadvantageous three-against-one fight, and he couldn’t possibly agree to
that.
Wait a minute. Wasn’t I just wondering about that?
Speechless, Haruyuki dipped his head lightly, and Kuroyukihime said, glancing over at Yuniko as if to confirm, “If Chrome
Disaster were running wild in normal duels, news of that should
have already reached my ears. However, I haven’t heard a single
rumor. Which means…”
“Right.” The Red King stuffed both hands in the pockets of her
cut-off jeans, leaned her slim body back, and nodded decisively.
“His hunting ground isn’t the Normal Duel Field…it’s the Unlimited Neutral Field.”
What the hell is that? Haruyuki once again had a question
mark hanging above his head, but it was Takumu to his right who
cried out sharply.
“I-it’s too dangerous, Master!” Leaning forward in his chair
hard enough to make it clatter, he proceeded to argue even more
vehemently. “Diving with our battle array is too reckless! Forget
Haru and me; you’re constrained by special rules! If by chance
another level-nine Burst Linker launches a surprise attack on
you, if you’re defeated even once, you’ll lose Brain Burst in-

stantly…and in the worst-case scenario—”
Takumu glanced at Yuniko standing to his right and seemed to
hesitate slightly, but as he touched a finger to the bridge of his
blue glasses, he said, “It’s my duty to say this. So I will go ahead
and say it. In the worst-case scenario, it’s even possible that this
entire spectacle—cracking Haruyuki in the real, telling us this
story about Chrome Disaster, all of it—is just a trap set by the Red
King. It’s possible she’s planning to lure you into the Unlimited
Field, ambush you with a large force, and take your head.”
“Welp, thanks for saying it, Cyan Pile.” Yuniko, returning once
again to tiny demon mode, jerked her slender chin out, hands still
in her pockets, and glared at Takumu. “This whole time, you’ve
been the one saying all the smart stuff. What’s your deal? You the
glasses guy? Your nickname ‘Professor’?”
After looking slightly injured momentarily, Takumu quickly
regained his composure. “I’m saying, show us some proof, Red
King,” he replied. “We’re a Legion of just three people; if you’d
have us brave danger and dive in, you should have come with
some kind of collateral for asking that!”
“Isn’t the collateral right here?” Yuniko quickly jerked her
right hand, freed from her pocket, around her virtual desktop;
bringing three fingertips together, she flicked. A semitransparent
name tag again appeared in Haruyuki’s field of view. But this one
was a little larger. Because it didn’t just have her real name; her
address was displayed below that.
Haruyuki stared dumbfounded at the row of letters that
started with “Tokyo, Nerima Ward” and ended with the name of a
school and dorm he’d never heard of. She had exposed enough
about her true identity just by telling them her real name and
showing them her face; revealing her current address went beyond bold and into reckless.
Takumu and Kuroyukihime also appeared surprised by this,

and under the wordless scrutiny of the three junior high school
students, Yuniko jabbed at her own thin chest with the thumb on
the right hand she pulled away from her desktop.
“Don’t you get it yet, why I contacted you in person? On the
real side, I’m just an elementary school kid with no strength, no
money, no organization. If I was attacked here, I’d be helpless. If
I betray you, you can come and make me pay anytime,” Yuniko
said, and Haruyuki watched as her eyes caught the afterglow of
the midwinter sun streaming in the window and burned a radiant
red.
She was fiercely determined, to the point where it was almost
desperation. And it was true that a member of your own Legion
breaking the nonaggression pact and going after other Legions
was a problem you couldn’t shut your eyes to. But the major
premise here was that at the end of the day, Brain Burst was a
fighting game, a thing that existed to play, to enjoy, to thrill.
Which is why Haruyuki thought it was a mistake to sacrifice
your real-world self to Brain Burst. He was sure this was the issue
that had confused Takumu three months earlier, a problem that
probably made him suffer even now.
“Yu-Yuni,” Haruyuki called out unconsciously on Takumu’s
behalf, silent as if overawed, groping for what to say next.
“I know what you wanna say.” The Red King smiled self-deprecatingly as she lowered her right hand, as if guessing
Haruyuki’s feelings from that single word. “But you know…You’ll
probably realize this if you get up here one day, but when you get
this game, the real is just so incredibly weak. Because of this ‘acceleration’ technology. If you knew exactly how much time me
and that girl there had spent in the Accelerated World up to now,
it’d knock you flat on your butt.”
“Huh…so your total play time…?” Haruyuki cocked his head
and did a back-of-the-envelope calculation. Break it down to

about ten duels a day. If the average time for one fight is twenty
minutes, that’s a total of two hundred minutes—just over three
hours. That was a lot of game play for someone in junior high, but
it wasn’t unreasonable.
Over three hours a day, that would be a hundred hours a
month. Twelve hundred hours in a year. And Yuniko said it had
been about two and a half years since she became a Burst Linker,
so…
“About…three thousand hours?”
That seemed huge, but compared with full-blown VRMMORPG (virtual reality massive multiplayer online role-playing
game) addicts, it was practically nothing. Those guys easily dove
ten consecutive hours in a single day.
But Yuniko started cackling the instant she heard the results of
Haruyuki’s earnest mental arithmetic, and even Kuroyukihime
was roused to a faint, wry smile.
“Huh? That’s not it? Then how how many hours in total,
Yuni…?”
“Not telling. You decide the answer yourself. And—” The expression on the Red King’s face was suddenly scary as she continued darkly, “Quit with the ‘Yuni.’ Makes me itch all over. Niko’s
good. Call me ‘Niko,’ and don’t you dare add any cutesy flourishes
or anything.”
Feeling like he’d been let off the hook somehow, Haruyuki
bobbed his head up and down and ran his eyes over the room.
“Umm…then does this mean we can help Yuni—the Red King
after all, as Nega Nebulus?”
“Mmm. There are many risks, but for the present, let’s accept
this thing at face value. And it’s not as if there aren’t benefits.”

“B-benefits?” Haruyuki asked in response, and Kuroyukihime
shifted her gaze to glance at the Red King.
“Exactly. Because for the incomparable Prominence to come to
us with such a significant request, they’ve naturally prepared
some bargaining points. For instance…they won’t lay a hand on
our modest Territory in the future. Things like that.”
“Tch!” Clicking her tongue softly, the Red King—Niko—waved
her right hand lightly. “Got it. If verbal’s good, we can make an
agreement right now. I’ll tell my guys not to touch Suginami for
the time being.”
Kuroyukihime dipped her head and from crossed arms lifted a
single finger on her right hand. “However, that is just one point.
Scarlet Rain…exactly how are you intending to ambush Chrome
Disaster in the Unlimited Field? I’m sure you know it’s very
nearly impossible to target and confront someone there.”
“I won’t make any trouble for you guys. I’ll take responsibility
for this, set the time and place. Right now, all I can say is…it’ll
probably be tomorrow evening.”
“My. Can you do that?”
Yuniko nodded her assent to Kuroyukihime’s question and its
implications.
“In that case, I’ll let you handle it. We’ll meet again here after
school tomorrow and dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field. Acceptable, yes? Haruyuki, Takumu?”
What exactly is this Unlimited Field, though?
But even before the desire to pose that question, Haruyuki
couldn’t help but feel his heart lurch. What? My place again?! It
might be okay because his mother wouldn’t be back from Shanghai until the following day, but if he came home tomorrow and

this time Niko was in the middle of appreciatively sampling the
“other kind” of M-rated games in the living room—if that happened, he’d be doomed forever.
He had to defend it. This time for sure, he would defend his
room!
Making this vow, Haruyuki bobbed his head as Takumu slowly
nodded.
“Well, then let’s leave off there for today. Haruyuki, thank you for
the coffee.” Kuroyukihime stood as she spoke and stared again at
the collection of vintage Western games from several dozen years
earlier scattered around the living room. “I’d like to come over
and play sometime. You have a lot of titles I’ve never even heard
of.”
“S-sure, that’d be great.” One of the ones that doesn’t have too
much blood and guts, he added in his head as he saw Kuroyukihime and Takumu to the door.
“Okay, Haru, see you at school tomorrow. Whoa! It’s already
so late!”
First Takumu, too impatient to even take the time to wave a
hand, ran off toward the skyway connecting to a separate wing,
and then Kuroyukihime slipped on her loafers and turned
around.
“U-um…I’ll walk you home. It’s already late—” Haruyuki offered, but a dismissive wave of her hand interrupted him.
“No need to worry. It’s common for me to be even later with
student council business. And my house is surprisingly close.”
“Oh…is it? But be careful.”
“Mmm-hmm. All right, then, thanks for having me over. See

you tomorrow.” Kuroyukihime smiled, raised her right hand, and
started out the door.
“’Kay then, Blackie,” Niko drawled at her back from behind
Haruyuki. “Don’t be late tomorrow, y’hear? Now then, back to
what I was doing…”
“Hold up!” Kuroyukihime whirled at top speed and shouted
after the Red King who had started trotting back off into the living room. “Hold on a sec, Red!”
“Whut?”
“You can’t possibly be intending to stay here again tonight?”
She glared at Niko, throwing her neck back, eyes shining from
deep within, and demanded an explanation.
“Totes. Too much hassle to go all the way home and stuff.”
“Quit fooling around and go home! Children should go home,
do their homework, brush their teeth, and go to bed!!”
Niko guffawed, and let the heat roll right off her. “It’s just, I go
to a boarding school. And I got a three-day pass to leave, so even
if I do go back, there won’t be anything for me to eat. So! Biiiig
brother, what am I gonna make for supper tonight?” Uttering the
last bit in angel mode, Niko disappeared into the living room.
“Wh-wha—” Kuroyukihime, on the verge of a massive explosion, both fists clenched and shaking, glared sideways at
Haruyuki, who was standing stock-still in mute amazement. “I
take back my ‘see you tomorrow.’ I’ll stay here tonight as well.”
After giving voice to this terrifying announcement/declaration
of war, she shut the door forcefully, removed her shoes, and
stomped down the hallway, returning to the living room.
His brain completely frozen, Haruyuki needed a full minute to
reboot.

What’s going on?
What’s going on how is this happening is this actually real?
Or is it, A to Z, all of it, fake and made of polygons?
Haruyuki sat down on the living room sofa, clutched a cushion, and let his gaze wander in space.
Maybe all of it right from the start—meeting Kuroyukihime,
getting Brain Burst, becoming the Burst Linker Silver Crow—
every little bit of it was a dream. He was probably running some
kind of app to escape reality by constantly viewing a lengthy simulation.
Although Haruyuki tried seriously to doubt what was happening, the aftertaste of the slightly burnt hamburger he had eaten
just half an hour earlier, the happy sensation in his stomach, and
the sounds of water and girls’ voices as they played around, echoing from the bathroom and separated from him by a mere hallway, were just too real.
After Kuroyukihime’s sudden declaration, the three went
shopping together in the shopping center at the bottom of the
condo, made supper together, and did the cleanup. Ending the
night with Niko and Kuroyukihime using the bath together first.
But…
The situation and the sudden and precipitous turn it had taken
was just too unrealistic, and Haruyuki was, wastefully, left running on automatic. His consciousness simply could not adjust to
the scenario “home alone,” “two girls come to stay over,” and
“make dinner, get in the bath.” Exactly what was the optimal solution to the problem of how to act now? What choices would be
normal at a time like this, for a boy?
Smoke coming out of his ears in puffs, Haruyuki kept the excessive load of his thoughts scraping round and round. In anime
and games of this type, this sort of scene generally had the boy

going to ask about the temperature of the water, after which some
crazy accident happens, and he ends up tumbling into the bath.
Resulting in bath buckets and shampoo bottles being thrown at
him until he beats a hasty retreat.
In which case, me doing that is really the optimal solution.
Haruyuki bounced to his feet and started staggering toward
the bathroom. Already in his mind, he could see nothing other
than a cut scene of Kuroyukihime and Niko covered in bubbles,
washing each other.

However, unfortunately—or perhaps fortunately—just before he
could open the living room door, he heard two sets of footsteps
heading his way down the hall. Haruyuki teleported to the sofa at
light speed.
The knob turned with a violent clack, and Niko sprang through
first, shouting, “Ice cream!” as she ran into the kitchen. When he
instinctively averted his eyes from her, roughing it in a loose
sweatshirt and shorts, his gaze fell upon Kuroyukihime.
She was wearing thin pink pajamas, likely bought at the shopping center that evening. From the slightly doubtful-looking figure, towel over damp, shining hair, came the scent of a touchingly
defenseless loveliness, an impression he would never have even
imagined given her usual black accoutrement, which separated
her from other people. All Haruyuki could do was gaze at her, jaw
dropped.
“Don’t stare at me like that. This color was all they had in my
size,” Kuroyukihime said, turning away, and Haruyuki finally
came back to his senses, shaking his head violently from side to
side.
“N-n-n-n-no, it’s fine! Th-th-they look good on you! Really
good!”
“D-do they? They’re not a bit childish?”
“No! Not at all! They’re perfect. Just right. Critical hit.” He had
desperately, frantically gotten that much out, still kneeling, spine
straight, when Niko popped her head in from the side and waved
a popsicle in her right hand.
“Hey! Silver Crow! Know what?”
“Wh-what?”
“This girl might look like this now, but take her clothes off and

she’s surprisingloof—”
The ending was courtesy of Kuroyukihime landing a merciless
blow to her solar plexus.
“Now.” Squeezing the Red King’s throat from behind,
Kuroyukihime smiled coolly. “You hurry and use the bath, too.
The water will get cold.”
He looked at Niko dangling there and flew off the sofa, giving a
little scream in his head. “R-right! Okay, I’ll leave you two and
take a quick jump in the tub! There’s barley tea in the fridge, so
please help yourself!”
The evening ended with an M-rated retro game tournament that
lasted until the middle of the night.
As they sat on the floor around the massive game console from
forty years earlier, chattering and laughing, slaughtering the flat
images of creatures, Haruyuki could not stop wondering if the
whole thing was actually real.
Me and these people, we’re basically only connected through
the VR game Brain Burst. So I should recognize that the foundation of our relationship is online—the Net.
I do love Kuroyukihime, and she says she likes me, too. But
the intermediary for those feelings up to now has basically been
the quantum signals exchanged nonstop between our Neurolinkers. And I thought I was okay with a relationship that could be
widely recorded and captured by vector data.
But today we made supper together, we ate it together, we
took turns in the bath, and now we’re sitting here separated by
only a few dozen centimeters; we can even feel each other’s body
heat.

In this world where the border between real and virtual is
endlessly blurred and we can’t even tell how much of the information our senses receive is analog and how much is digital—is
this something that can happen in this world? How am I supposed to grasp and process off-line human relationships? After
all, off-line—in the real world—all I’ve done is run away, hide,
and shrink from everything.
The showy scream erupting from the enormous boss monster
on-screen interrupted his rambling, whirling thoughts. At the
same time, Niko dropped her controller and flopped over backward.
“Aah…I’m can’t go anymore. I’m tired. Tired!”
“Well, I did tell you. Children should—Naaah.” Kuroyukihime
put her left hand to her mouth and yawned elegantly.
Looking up at the clock on the wall since he had already removed his Neurolinker for the night, Haruyuki saw the time
creeping up on midnight. “O-okay, I guess we should head for bed
already? Umm…Yuni—I mean, Niko—maybe the sofa here is good
for tonight. And Kuroyukihime, please use my mom’s bedroom.
Oh, but maybe it’ll be cold in there if I don’t turn the heater on for
a bit—” Haruyuki had gotten that far when Niko interrupted
loudly.
“Whatever. Such a hassle! Bring out a blanket, I can just
sleep…here…” She buried her head in an enormous cushion and
soon closed her eyes.
“Mmm. That’s good for me, too. Sleeping together in a pile,
surrounded by games, a historic experience…actually…” And then
she, too, was flat on her back.
Although he wondered at this, there was no way to do anything like valiantly pick them up and carry them to bed, so
Haruyuki did as he was told and brought out whatever blankets

they had. He gently covered Niko and Kuroyukihime, who were
already asleep, and thought to himself, Now, then. I guess I
should go sleep in my room?
But isn’t it kind of jerky to leave my guests to sleep on the
floor while just I go sleep in a bed? Shouldn’t I sleep on the floor,
too, in the interest of fairness? Isn’t that what a gentleman
would do?
After persuading himself with this rationalization, Haruyuki
turned the ceiling light to its lowest setting and curled up in a ball
on the spot. The floor, embedded with heat-circulating pipes, was
slightly warm, and the large, malleable cushions were fluffy and
soft. And from so close he could reach out and touch it, he could
smell the most amazingly pleasant scent.
Haruyuki closed his eyes tightly beneath his blanket thinking
that there was no way he’d be able to sleep in a situation like this.
But oddly, rather than nervous tension, a strange serenity descended on him, and his consciousness immediately dropped into
a gentle darkness.
Haruyuki woke just once in the middle of the night.
When he stood to go to the washroom and casually shifted his
gaze, an unexpected scene popped into view in the dim illumination of blue-white moonlight.
Niko and Kuroyukihime, who had been a meter or more apart,
were glued together, sleeping deeply, as if they had at some point
been squeezed down the valley of the two cushions. More than
that, Niko had her head buried in Kuroyukihime’s chest and was
tightly gripping the fabric of her pajamas with her right hand.
And Kuroyukihime had both of her arms around her, as if wrapping up Niko’s red hair.
Rather than surprise at this sight, he felt something hit his

chest and make him gasp, and Haruyuki opened his eyes wide.
The Red King and the Black King. Level-nine Burst Linkers
bound by the special rule of sudden death.
Haruyuki couldn’t even imagine how many hours these two
had passed in the Accelerated World, engaging in mortal combat
over and over each time they went, or what lay ahead for them.
But he could say this at least. If they both had their sights set on
level ten, then one day, they would have to fight. Because the only
way a King could move forward was by defeating another King.
But…
Tonight the two of them, through a coincidence brought about
by a complicated entanglement of circumstances, were sleeping
alongside each other like this in the real world. Almost as if both
had wished for this moment deep in their hearts.
Was this scene the illusion of a single night? An accidental
miracle never to happen again?
Or…
Haruyuki was seized with the premonition that he was on the
verge of arriving now at a very important something. But the unnameable feelings cutting through his chest and the tears blurring his eyes would not allow him to put his thoughts into actual
words.
So Haruyuki just stood there and stared, as if he could stand
and stare forever at the girls slumbering soundly in the pale blue
moonlight.

4
“All right, we’re off.”
“W-we’re off!”
“Yup, have a good ’un.” Niko waved a hand beside her face in
response to Kuroyukihime and Haruyuki, then furrowed her eyebrows. “Hey. Isn’t this kinda weird?”
“Hmm? What?”
“Nah…When you ask, I can’t really…” Niko crossed her arms
as she stood on the step of the entryway, deep in thought.
Kuroyukihime shrugged easily. “You’re a strange one. In any
case, I’m leaving the particulars of today’s strategy to you. You
won’t have any problems with specifying the position and time of
Chrome Disaster’s appearance, yes?”
“N-no…Leave it to me.”
“Mmm. All right, we’re off.”
“Yup, have a good ’un.”
Closing the door with a clack, Kuroyukihime turned around
and took a step down.
January 23, Friday, 7:30 AM.
It was time to begin that shifting of coordinates known as
“going to school” that Haruyuki had executed countless times up
to that point. The gray light shining into the shared hallway of the

condo, the exhalations colored white by the cold air—all of it was
the same as the day before.
However, one thing was different: a female student dressed
neatly in the Umesato uniform walking alongside him. Her blue
ribbon tied, school-designated bag in her right hand, and shopping bag in her left.
“Apparently, it’s going to be cloudy all day,” Kuroyukihime
said to him casually after turning on her Neurolinker and running
her gaze over empty space. “I hope it doesn’t rain. Well, shall we
go?”
“R-right.” Dipping his head, Haruyuki started walking after
her, assuming his home position behind her to the left and wondering vaguely. Huh…so is she like my big sister? And the other’s
the little one?
No, forget that. That kind of setup would never exist in reality. Going to school with your big sister, this isn’t some ancient
visual novel or something.
He shook his head fast like a wet dog and climbed into the
empty elevator car arriving before them.
Normally, if this were a game, there’d never be just two girls,
the big sister and the little sister. Right?
As he toyed with this idea in his head (which wouldn’t quite
get up to speed, possibly due to a minor lack of sleep) the elevator
stopped a mere two floors down, on the twenty-first floor.
Haruyuki automatically took a step back, opening up a space for
someone to get on.
As the door slid open, his gaze crashed into a girl wearing the
same color uniform who jumped in with a spritely, bouncing
movement—his childhood friend, Chiyuri Kurashima.

No…! he screamed in his heart.
Seeing him, Chiyuri blinked her large, catlike eyes rapidly before breaking into a broad grin. “Oh, Haru! Morning! What happened? You were superearly yester—What…wh-what?!”
Once she noticed the person to Haruyuki’s right, Chiyuri’s
voice and expression evolved rapidly. From distracted, passing
through stunned, and then arriving at the critical point: the calm
before the storm.
“…Haru? What is this?” Chiyuri murmured, eye twitching.
“Oh, morning, Kurashima!” Rather than Haruyuki, who was
frozen solid, it was Kuroyukihime who greeted his friend with a
carefree salute.
“G-g-good morning.” Chiyuri lowered her head instinctively,
then grabbed Haruyuki’s necktie and shouted, “What’s going
on?!”
“I-it’s not what you think!” Shaking his head back and forth,
Haruyuki launched his mail with a hand behind his back, seeking
help from the only person with a chance of managing this situation; i.e., “Taku, in trouble. Help.”
“And how is it not what I think?!”
Just when it seemed like she was getting serious about grilling
him, the elevator finally arrived at the first floor, and the door
opened. Haruyuki grabbed Chiyuri’s shoulders and spun her
halfway around saying, “C-come on. First, we gotta get to school!
We’ll go to class first, then come home, and by the weekend, we’ll
forget all about this.”
“Don’t try to weasel out of this!”
Shoving Chiyuri’s shoulders as she shrieked, he cut through

the residents and their widened eyes in the lobby and managed to
get her out into the courtyard when he heard the sound of his rescue from behind.
“M-morning, Chi! Morning, Haru! Mor…ning…” Here,
Takumu pulled his glasses down slightly and stared questioningly
at Kuroyukihime’s composed face. “Good morning, Master.”
His partner, somehow having read his mail and rushed down,
muttered to Haruyuki, expelling large puffs of white breath in the
chill morning air, “Haru. You sure like to live dangerously.”
“I don’t like it. I don’t like it at all,” he returned, before turning
Chiyuri who was still shrieking, “Explain yourself!” toward
Takumu and letting go.
And Takumu, being Takumu, took the bullet and calmly reassured her: “Chi, I was at Haru’s place yesterday, too.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Just had a little problem with that application.” Faced with
the extremely doubtful look on the face of his childhood friend,
Taku offered up smooth explanation. Haruyuki could never even
hope to imitate his effortless eloquence. “We used Haru’s place as
a meeting room. But it ended up running late, and if the social
cameras caught some junior high kid out walking alone at that
time of night, it’d turn into a whole big thing, so Kuroyukihime
was basically forced to stay at Haru’s. Right?”
Fortunately, Kuroyukihime accepted the question lobbed at
her and nodded obediently. “That’s essentially the case. No need
for any strange suspicions, Kurashima.”
Chiyuri was silent for a few seconds, the expression on her face
becoming complicated. “That again? Brain…Burst?” she asked finally in a hushed tone.

She puffed her cheeks up as she looked around at the three of
them nodding in unison. “I am not okay with this! I mean, it’s just
a game, right? So what is there that you need to spend hours talking about?”
“I-it is a game, but it’s not just a game.” Haruyuki glanced
around the wide condo courtyard and confirmed that no one was
around before continuing. “We talked about this before…It creates another world by accelerating your thoughts. So just like the
real world, all kinds of problems happen—”
“Hmph!” Chiyuri pursed her lips and made a dissatisfied
noise. “And I don’t believe a word of that. I mean, you say you ‘accelerate,’ but I don’t even know what that means…Okay, fine. If
you show me, I’ll shut up about it.”
“Huh?”
“You can copy and install this game, right?” Chiyuri asked
Haruyuki, eyes like saucers, as if it was no big deal. “I’ll load it up,
too. And then I’ll be, what did you call it, a, uh…‘Burst Linker,’
too.”
“Wh-what?!” The shout came not just from Haruyuki but from
the mouths of Takumu and Kuroyukihime as well.
All three immediately brought hands up in front of their faces,
waving them fluidly back and forth.
“I-impossible, no way. Absolutely no way.” Haruyuki accidentally let his true feelings slip, and Chiyuri pinched his round
cheek.
“What do you mean?! Just hand it over!”
“No, it’s just—You need an aptitude for the ga—”
“And if I don’t try, we won’t know, will we?!”

“But I mean, you’re…superslow and everything.” The moment
the words left his mouth, Chiyuri’s cat-shaped eyes glinted.
“Oh ho! You’ve got some nerve. I get it, you just watch! I’ll
practice and get so good I can beat you and Taku at video games!”
“Wh-what?!” Haruyuki’s jaw dropped, and he stared at the
challenging glitter growing in her eyes. It was her “Once I say it,
there’s no turning back” face, often seen when they used to play
together way back in the day.
She yanked Haruyuki’s cheek out as far as it would go, like a
sticky mochi rice cake. “And then you’re gonna copy that
whatchamacallit Burst to me, too!!” Having said that, his childhood friend, this girl who was the same age as he was, dropped
her hand, stuck out her tongue, and ran off at a blistering pace.
“‘Practice,’” Haruyuki muttered, rubbing his cheek. He turned
again to Takumu beside him and bowed deeply. “Sorry, Taku. I
made you lie to Chiyu.”
The explanation Takumu had given Chiyuri before was not
100 percent accurate. At the time Kuroyukihime declared that she
was staying over, the meeting had already ended.
Takumu smiled and shook his head slowly. “It’s fine.” His expression was calm, but Haruyuki felt like it held something somehow self-deprecating, and he bit his lip.
“Takumu,” Kuroyukihime said, sounding concerned. “Perhaps
I’m intruding by asking, but…are you and Kurashima still…
well…”
“We’re a long ways from the way we were.” Shrugging his
shoulders, Takumu turned his gaze to the tops of the trees lining
the road, completely bereft of leaves. “Because of what I did. And
it might be that we can never go back to boyfriend-girlfriend.
But…if I can be with Chi in a way that makes her happy, then I

feel like that’s enough for me.”
“Taku…” Haruyuki fumbled for what he should say, but his
throat always got plugged up at the critical moments.
Kuroyukihime spoke softly instead. “If…you feel like it’s too
much of a burden, or it’s interfering with your relationship with
Kurashima, you can delete it, you know…Brain Burst.”
Takumu’s eyes flew open. But he was quick to shake his head
firmly from side to side. “No. I still have to repay you for…and
Haru, too.”
“Y-you don’t. There’s nothing to repay us for, Taku.” This time,
Haruyuki managed to speak, albeit mechanically. “I’ve never
thought you had anything to repay me for. And Kuroyukihime’s
the same. That’s not why Brain Burst exists. That, that game…”
But again, Haruyuki’s meager lexicon was exhausted.
“Don’t worry.” Takumu returned Haruyuki’s gaze with sad
eyes and patted his shoulder. “I mean, I definitely have fun in
duels. Anyway, Master, I wanted to talk to you about something.”
Turning his entire body toward Kuroyukihime, he continued in a
serious tone. “Do you really think there’s no possibility of Chi becoming a Burst Linker?”
Kuroyukihime tilted her head thoughtfully, her expression essentially unchanged as opposed to Haruyuki’s bug eyes. “To begin
with, does she meet the first requirement?”
“Yes, she should,” Takumu assented immediately.
The first requirement for Burst Linkers was to have been
wearing a Neurolinker since birth. Takumu met the requirement
due to the educational policy of his overly enthusiastic parents;
Haruyuki because his parents, who both worked, had used it as a
remote monitor.

Chiyuri was raised by deeply loving and broad-minded parents, and they had placed a Neurolinker on her from the time she
was a newborn for different reasons. Chiyuri’s father had once
been treated for pharyngeal cancer, and it was difficult for him to
speak naturally. Thus, Chiyuri had grown up listening to her father’s neuro voice via the network.
Takumu didn’t go so far as to explain all that, and Kuroyukihime didn’t ask.
“I see.” Nodding, she turned her gaze in the direction in which
Chiyuri had run off. “The truth is, the second requirement…It’s
not as though there are strict standards for cerebral reaction
speed. Some people who are terrible at VR games have been able
to install Brain Burst. However, I have to say, trying to make
someone you’re not sure of into a Burst Linker is an enormous
gamble.”
“G-gamble…?” Haruyuki asked in response, and Kuroyukihime shifted her gaze in a way that seemed meaningful and nodded.
“Currently, a Brain Burst copy license—that is, the right to
make a ‘child’ of someone as a ‘guardian’—is limited to just one.
That right is exercised even if the install fails and can never be recovered.”
“O-one time?!” Haruyuki stammered involuntarily and hurriedly clapped his mouth shut. He lowered his voice and continued, still flustered. “B-but that—the number of Burst Linkers basically isn’t gonna go up at all, then. I mean, the number of people
losing all their points and leaving and the number of new people
joining…They’ll just barely be balanced?”
“In other words, Haru,” Takumu said, pushing up his glasses,
apparently already aware of this “one-time rule.” “I think that the
mystery administrator who runs Brain Burst wants the current
number of people—about a thousand—to be the upper limit. That

means that’s probably the threshold for keeping the acceleration
technology hidden.”
“O-okay, that’s probably true, but…but come on, even if it
keeps going like this, at some point, the day is going to come
when the secret gets out, right? I mean, Chiyu already knows
pretty much everything and all. I-if this admin or developer or
whoever is running this whole show with the understanding that
the existence of Brain Burst will someday be revealed to the
world, and when that happens, we won’t be be able to use our
Neurolinkers to accelerate anymore, then…what’s this guy’s objective?”
Haruyuki spread out both hands and looked at Takumu and
Kuroyukihime in turn. “It’s just, we…we haven’t paid the price of
entry to play this game. And we never see any ads or anything.”
There were two general types of profit structures for the many
net games in the world: either charge the gamer with a monthly
fee or via item sales, or flood the user with in-game ads from contracting companies.
Brain Burst was definitely a net game, and more than that, it
gave its users an extraordinary privilege with the acceleration
technology. No matter how he looked at it, a price of zero didn’t
make it worth anyone’s while.
Kuroyukihime listened to Haruyuki’s fundamental and very
belated question, a faint and wry smile crossing her lips. “Think
about that all you want, but there’s no answer to be had,
Haruyuki. If you want to know, your only choice is to reach level
ten and ask the developer yourself. But I can say just two things
with certainty. The first is, as you said before, the Accelerated
World likely can’t continue forever given the way things stand
currently. The time will inevitably come when the curtain will be
lifted and every last Burst Linker annihilated. And the second is…
the day will also definitely come when we are made to pay a price
in line with the privilege of acceleration. Or…” Her voice became

uncertain, and her lips moved very slightly.
But Haruyuki felt like he could see the tiny letters in his exhaled breaths, colored white in the morning chill.
Or we’re already paying it.
“But I digress.” Kuroyukihime laughed briefly and looked at
Takumu. “Back to Kurashima. I believe that the possibility of her
becoming a Burst Linker is extremely low, but there is value in
trying.”
“R-really, Master?”
Kuroyukihime nodded slowly at Takumu and his wide eyes.
“Physically, her potential is certainly not low. That sprint of hers
earlier was wonderfully quick.”
“Oh, that’s ’cos she’s on the track team,” Haruyuki interjected.
“Hmm. I see,” Kuroyukihime murmured. “In your brain, the
circuits that move your physical body and those that move your
virtual avatar are basically one and the same. Which is to say, in
Kurashima’s case, it’s possible she meets the necessary conditions
for the performance of those circuits. The problem is her affinity
with the Neurolinker, although there’s nothing to do about that
but jump right in and test it.”
“Oookay. But she can’t even neuro-speak.”
“You, on the other hand, are too specialized on the Neurolinker side. Move your real body a little more.”
Haruyuki was slammed into silence, and Kuroyukihime
shifted her attention from him to Takumu.
“Takumu. If Kurashima is able to install Brain Burst successfully, a strong connection between the two of you will be created.
That of guardian and child. But remember, that does not neces-

sarily mean that there are only positives there.”
Haruyuki couldn’t understand the meaning of these words, uttered quietly and forcefully, right away.
Not positives…Negatives? Between a Burst Linker “guardian”
and “child”? What could they be? The guardian leads, the child
adores. There’s no dark side or anything there; that’s true,
right? It’s different from parent-child relationships in the real
world. Totally and completely different from my dad—who
shook off weepy, clingy me and left us, and my mom—who
doesn’t bother to even look at me, much less talk to me in any
real kind of way. Between guardian and child in the Accelerated
World—between Kuroyukihime and me—there’s definitely a
strong bond.
A thrill ran through Haruyuki, and he stared into Kuroyukihime’s obsidian eyes as she stood next to him. They were filled
with the same gentle glow as always.
No. Beyond that, though, something kind of sad. Or maybe
it’s just my imagination. I thought I saw a flash of something
like fear.
In an instant, a doubt he’d never once given thought to since
becoming a Burst Linker under Kuroyukihime’s guidance flickered to life in the back of Haruyuki’s mind.
The question of who Kuroyukihime’s guardian was.
“…U-um.”
“Now we’ve done it,” Kuroyukihime said, as if cutting him off
the moment he ever-so-timidly spoke up. “We got too caught up
standing here talking. And now we’ll be late if we don’t hurry.”
“Huh…”

Quickly glancing up at the horizon, Haruyuki noted that the
sky on the other side of the low clouds had grown much brighter.
“Whoa, you’re right! Maybe we should run a bit, Haru.”
“Ugh! Give me a break.”
Even as Takumu clapped him on the shoulder and he shook
his head, Haruyuki couldn’t forget his unasked question. Chasing
after Kuroyukihime, who had already started walking briskly, he
tried again to pose it to that black back, but for some reason, the
words wouldn’t come out.
They managed somehow to fly through the school gates just before the first morning bell rang. After checking that their Neurolinkers were connected to the Umesato local net and that they
hadn’t been counted as tardy, Haruyuki split off from the other
two.
But even during his morning classes, a single thought swirled
persistently through his brain.
Why did Kuroyukihime say that stuff about negative aspects
of the relationship between Burst Linker guardians and children? And why did she look a little sad? I want to know. I have
to know.
As soon as the virtual blackboard disappeared from his field of
view at the end of second period, Haruyuki brushed away his hesitation and launched his text. Keeping it short, he typed and sent,
CAN WE TALK NOW? in a mere two seconds.
The reply arrived eight seconds later, a single line: LET’S MEET
He settled deeper
into his chair, closed his eyes, and called out the “direct link”
command.
IN THE VIRTUAL SQUASH CORNER ON THE LOCAL NET.

Since there were only fifteen minutes between second and

third periods, the fairy-tale forest that made up the Umesato local
net was deserted. The short legs of his avatar had barely touched
the virtual ground before he was dashing toward a single, large
tree towering on the outskirts.
The ringleader of the group of bullies who had forced
Haruyuki to use this ridiculous pink pig avatar was no longer
around, and his underlings were keeping to themselves, so
Haruyuki could have changed to a cooler design anytime, but he
missed the window of opportunity, dragging it out so that he was
still using this one. This might also have been Kuroyukihime’s influence, telling him she liked it.
In this form, he bounded up the stairs cut into the trunk of the
tree and leapt onto the squash court set up on the top floor, his
eyes falling on a slender avatar standing quietly in the center of
the court.
A jet-black dress with silver edging. A parasol of the same in
her hand, the wings of a black spangled butterfly run through
with deep crimson lines.
Kuroyukihime, disguised in this form as a fairy princess of
darkness, turned her essentially colorless face toward Haruyuki
and smiled slightly. “Hey. It’s been a while since I saw you in that
form. I suppose because we’re always talking in the real world
lately.”
“You almost never come to the local net. The fans of your
avatar are sad,” he replied in a voice 30 percent smoother than in
the real world.
Kuroyukihime’s smile grew wry, and she shrugged lightly.
“Goodness. And here I was thinking I should go ahead and get a
black pig avatar to match you. Anyway, what is it? You wanted to
talk.”
“Oh…umm…um, well…” This time Haruyuki stammered as

usual and fumbled for words.
If he thought about it, the number of personal questions he’d
asked Kuroyukihime up to this point was essentially zero. So was
it okay for him now to suddenly be acting like she owed him explanations?
For a while, Kuroyukihime looked down at him with a bemused smile, flustering him even though he was the one who had
asked her here, but eventually, she rippled the wings on her back
and lightly stepped away from him. The bells adorning her parasol rang clearly.
“Haruyuki. You want to hear about my ‘guardian,’ don’t you?”
Kuroyukihime spoke softly in her silky tone, somehow even more
mysterious than her real-world voice.
Haruyuki gasped and, without waiting for his response, the
young woman lowered her long eyelashes. “Sorry. I can’t tell you
that name just yet. Because I don’t want you to have any contact
with that person, just in case. As a Legion Master…and as a girl.
Perhaps it’s an ugly jealousy.”
Freezing and opening his eyes wide, Haruyuki was aware of
several thoughts flashing through his mind.
From what she’d just said, he learned two things. First,
Kuroyukihime’s “guardian” was still alive and well as a Burst
Linker in the Accelerated World. And second, it was probably a
girl.
Moving soundlessly along the squash court, Kuroyukihime
continued, playing her voice as if plucking the low string on a
harp. “That person was once…the person closest to me. I believed
this Linker would shine brightly forever at the center of my world
and keep all kinds of darkness and cold at bay.”
Almost the way you are for me, Haruyuki thought suddenly.

“However, one day…one incident, one instant, I realized that
this was an ephemeral illusion. Now you could go so far as to say
that, for me, this person is my archenemy. So much so that I
could almost believe that this inexhaustible hatred existed inside
me from the moment we first met.” Her voice was calm and controlled, but the passion of her words was incongruous with the
usual Kuroyukihime.
As her downcast eyes briefly caressed Haruyuki’s stationary
figure, the raven fairy princess brought a hollow smile to her lips.
“If it were possible, I would fight this person right now, this
second. After a delightful match spent severing the avatar’s limbs
with my sword and making the Linker crawl before me to beg pathetically for its life, I would offer no amnesty and lop off the
avatar’s head. However, I will never realize that dream…
Haruyuki. Do you understand where the relationship between
Burst Linker guardian and child is fundamentally different from,
say, the relationship between partners, or lovers, for instance?”
After a moment’s confusion, Haruyuki remembered the thing
glittering in Kuroyukihime’s proffered hand that fateful day three
months earlier. The silver direct cable. “It’s…Guardian and child
know each other in the real, without exception.”
“Yes, exactly.” Nodding, Kuroyukihime tapped the court with
the tip of her parasol. “Because to install Brain Burst, the two
Neurolinkers must be directly connected. When that happens,
guardian and child are most certainly looking at each other’s real
faces and have a relationship such that directing is permitted. Because of this, the relationship between Burst Linker guardian and
child is the strongest bond in the Accelerated World, having the
potential to become its greatest curse at the same time.”
“C-curse?”
“Yes. Because if guardian and child were to part ways, when
their relationship becomes acrimonious, that hatred is intensely

amplified in the real world. I…I can’t fight my guardian, not with
this much hatred. My guardian exerts overwhelming influence on
me in the real world. The only proof of a Burst Linker’s existence
is the duel, after all. We carry the duel avatars in our minds in
order to fight each other. And yet only guardian and child cannot
fight. If you don’t call that a curse, then what is it?”
“Kuroyukihime,” Haruyuki murmured, groping for something
to follow that with. But he felt it was impossible to say anything;
his voice would be too clogged by the emotions swirling around in
his heart.
So he took one, then two steps forward and cradled Kuroyukihime’s limply hanging left hand tightly in his own plump hooves.
Although their avatars should not have been different temperatures, her hand was as cold as ice.
“Haruyuki…” Her quiet voice echoed his.
Kuroyukihime probably still agonized over the fact that she
had hunted the former Red King and chased him away forever.
And to martyr herself for that act, she would push herself to turn
her sword against any and all Burst Linkers. Even if, for instance,
it was her own guardian—or her child.
Trying to bring her white hand to his mouth but in fact pressing it into his large nose, Haruyuki thought, This is the only thing
I can say.
“I said this yesterday, too,” he murmured earnestly. “I absolutely will not fight you. I won’t become your enemy. If a time
like that comes for some unavoidable reason…I will uninstall
Brain Burst before I fight you.”
A long silence filled the space in the virtual sunlight, which
drew a diagonal line interrupted by the treetops.
Finally, Kuroyukihime, a bit of her warmth returning, spoke as

she tapped Haruyuki’s round head with the handle of her parasol.
“Fool, I’d be the one to step down. You fight. You have much
more fun with Brain Burst, with the duels, than I do; you should
be the one to stay in the Accelerated World.”
“No. I definitely don’t want that!”
And then the parasol rolled onto the carpet of fallen green
leaves, causing a soft rustling. Haruyuki was half carrying on like
a spoiled child when a soft, smooth hand caressed his right cheek.
Raising his face, he met Kuroyukihime’s eyes, discovering she
had dropped to her knees at some point. Her pale red lips, extremely close by, moved subtly.
“No matter what future comes for us, I will at least not regret
choosing you.” As she spoke, her hands stretched out to embrace
Haruyuki’s head tightly.
Despite the fact that he should have been in heaven right then
and there, mingled amongst beautiful sensory signals that were
almost too overwhelming to process, Haruyuki felt an indescribable sadness.
After school.
Kuroyukihime and Takumu had said they would come over
after dropping stuff off at their respective places, so Haruyuki
went home by himself.
Bracing himself to a certain extent, he opened the door but
heard neither the sound of a game blaring nor an eager greeting
today, and when he peeked in the living room after saying, “I’m
home,” very quietly, he saw Niko from behind seated on the sofa.
It was so ridiculously quiet Haruyuki thought she might be
sleeping, but her small hand soon waved briefly at him. Going
around to face her, he saw that she was staring off into space with

eyes wide-open. He supposed this meant she was taking in the
virtual desktop visible only to her.
“I’m home.”
When he said it again, Niko responded with a curt “Hey” and
flicked her gaze at him for an instant. “The other two?”
“They said they were going to stop at home and then come
over. They’ll probably be here in twenty minutes or so.”
“Good. We should make it in time. Chrome Disaster’s not
moving yet.”
Haruyuki blinked with surprise. Apparently, Niko was somehow monitoring the movements of Cherry Rook, the member of
the Red Legion who had inherited by means unknown Chrome
Disaster’s Enhanced Armament, the Armor of Catastrophe—but
to do that, she would naturally have had to connect her Neurolinker to the external net.
“I-is it okay for you to connect to the global net? Even though
you’re outside Red Legion Territory here?” he asked spontaneously, which elicited a bold smile from Niko.
“Well, I ran into just one foolish intrusion earlier. Knocked
that kid flying in ten seconds, told her to tell everyone else not to
bug me, so I’m prob’ly good now.”
“O-oh, I see…”
Within a Territory, members of the controlling Legion were
given the right to refuse challenges by other Burst Linkers unless
they had their settings otherwise.
Because of this, Haruyuki and his friends could now safely
connect globally at home and around the school, but obviously,
that right did not extend to Niko. But when he thought about it
rationally, the only one who could win one-on-one against Niko, a

King, was another King, and they had negotiated a mutual nonaggression pact, so there was no way any of them would suddenly
provoke a fight. Presently, the traitor Kuroyukihime was the only
King who absolutely had to terminate her global connection when
leaving her territory.
Trailing his thoughts this far, Haruyuki realized with a start
that the redheaded girl before him was also someone who could
potentially vanquish Kuroyukihime. He decided to try to confirm
this at least, taking the opportunity of it being just the two of
them there.
He cleared his throat and opened his mouth. “U-um, Yuni—
Niko. Can I ask you something?”
“Nope…or at least don’t start with a pointless intro that lets
me just say ‘nope.’ What?”
As she glared at him, Haruyuki, still standing next to the sofa,
asked as simply and straightforwardly as he could, “Y-you don’t
hate Kuroyukihime?”
“Huh? Why?”
Seeing the look of genuine surprise on her face, Haruyuki, not
to be outdone, was also dumbfounded.
“Why? Because she has the biggest bounty on her head. And
not only that, it’s on her head because she took down the former
Red King, i.e., the person who was the Prominence Legion Master
before you.”
“Oh, that.” Sniffing slightly, Niko stretched the slim legs poking out of her cutoffs. Twirling a red pigtail with a finger, she let
her eyes wander toward the window. “Yeah, well, he might have
been the master. But I never spoke directly with my predecessor,
with Red Rider.”

“R-really?” Haruyuki leaned forward unconsciously; he’d supposed Niko’s “guardian” might be this Red Rider.
“I mean, I became a Burst Linker two and a half years ago, and
then my predecessor was retired a few months after that. I was
still level three back then, or four maybe, and we hadn’t even
dived in the same field or anything. When I heard the Master had
been struck down in a surprise attack by Black Lotus and lost all
his points, the only thing I thought was how tough level nine
must be. And anyway…” Niko raised a single eyebrow deftly. “The
main reason I could fly through the ranks all booster-powered
and become the next king was because Lotus took out the old
king, temporarily dismantling the Red Legion for me. Back then,
it was a real ‘warring states’ kind of deal for Nakano and Nerima.
Every day, new fight groups were being formed, so you just
racked up the points. Doesn’t matter if I’m the strongest, if that
hadn’t happened, it would have taken me another two years to get
to level nine.”
A stiff smile broached Haruyuki’s face as Niko cackled. “Ookay. So then, you and the Red Legion aren’t interested in any
kind of vengeance on the Black King?”
“Hmmmmm. Well, to be honest, there’re probably some oldtimers who would be. But the ones burning up with a hate-on for
Black Lotus transferred to other Legions pretty quick when
Prominence disappeared back then. Honestly, doesn’t make any
sense. The whole idea of picking up where the last guy left off
makes me laugh, but if that’s where their heads are at, fighting to
bring back Promi would’ve been the easiest way.”
She cut herself off there, stared up at Haruyuki, and muttered
a threatening, “What?”
He shook his head hurriedly and turned away.
After a brief silence, Niko opened her mouth once again. “And
—you totes can’t tell that girl this…”

“O-okay.”
“The truth is, I think she’s—Black Lotus is pretty amazing.
Kinda motivates me.”
“Huh?! Th-that’s—what do you—”
“No telling. For reals, no telling.” After giving him a sharp
glare, Niko kept going in a quiet voice that didn’t match her
rough tone. “Because she’s the only one of all the Kings who said
she was serious about getting to level ten. Meanwhile, the other
Kings, me included, are running around playing at duels under
the lukewarm pretext of the stupid territorial nonaggression pact.
The worst part is that some of the other Kings secretly have their
sights set on level ten, too. Small-minded bastards looking for a
chance to get the jump on the others, all the while singing their
little song of the status quo ‘for the continued existence of the Accelerated World.’”
“And you?” Haruyuki asked, reflexively, the moment Niko’s
monologue was done. “Which are you, Niko?”
“Dunno.” Her response was short and contained the ring of
truth.
The young King rolled her too-slender frame over onto the
sofa with a thump and folded her arms behind her head. The toes
of her bare feet, thrust nearly into Haruyuki’s face, tapped the air
rhythmically.
“The other Kings—especially Purple and Yellow—are pushing
this theory that the moment even one Burst Linker makes it to
level ten, that’ll be the end of Brain Burst. There’ll be some doodoo-doo trumpeting and fanfare, the developer’ll appear, say congratulations or something, and roll end credits. And then all the
Burst Linkers get Brain Burst forcefully uninstalled.”
“Tha…”

That can’t be. There’s no way a net game would end for
everyone all at once. He almost laughed, but then his mouth
froze.
He remembered what had come up when he was talking with
Kuroyukihime and Takumu that morning. At some point, there
will come a day when the Accelerated World is no longer hidden,
and the game is destroyed. Haruyuki himself had said it.
Niko nodded lightly, almost as if reading Haruyuki’s thoughts.
“And I don’t think what they’re saying is totally impossible. To be
honest, I don’t want to think about what it’d be like after Brain
Burst’s gone. I mean, for me, that over there’s basically the real
world. But…I wonder if it’s really okay for us to cling to it like this
just ’cos of that. The Seven Kings—no, the Six Kings—and their
nonaggression pact distort what the Accelerated World should be,
and we’re paying the price for that all over the place now.”
“D-distort…?”
“Chrome Disaster, for example,” Niko muttered abruptly, closing her deep green eyes. “Cherry Rook gave in to the temptation
of the Armor of Catastrophe because of his despair at the wall between him and the higher levels. I mean, prob’ly. Because of the
pact now, the Accelerated World’s stagnating, and no matter how
hard you fight in the Normal Duel Field, getting to level nine—no,
even level eight—is crazy-hard. There’s no one to fight. I got to
nine, like I said before, because I managed to sort of surf the total
chaos Black Lotus caused. But that kinda thing’s not gonna happen again. So these days, if you’ve got your sights set on a high
level, all you can do is take the risk and fight in the Unlimited
Field. The thought of it tormented Cherry, and he reached for the
Armor. And in a way, what pushed him to it was a single King,
me…”
Niko suddenly blinked hard and clenched her teeth.
Haruyuki watched her flat chest heave twice, three times, and

he held his breath and whispered unconsciously, “N-Niko…”
“Shut up! Don’t say anything! Don’t look at me! Go away!” she
shrieked, still flopped atop the sofa, pumping her legs in the air,
and rubbing her eyes hard with her right arm. Then they flew
open abruptly, and she cried out as if surprised, “Anyway!!”
“Huh?”
“Anyway, why am I telling you all this stuff?! Just forget it, all
of it!! All this now was lies!! If you don’t forget it right here and
now, I will knock your face in!!” she ranted and raved only half
audibly.
Haruyuki automatically reached out with both hands to stop
her legs, which flailed as if trying to kick him down to the ground.
Then he squeezed those tiny bare feet, almost clutching them to
his chest.
“Aaah! Wh-what are you doing, you perv?!”
“Niko.” Not flinching at the blatant name-calling, Haruyuki
put even more strength into his grip. What he really wanted was
to hold her hand, but if he did that, it probably wouldn’t end just
with her punching him.
“Niko, you’re not wrong.”
The moment Haruyuki gave voice to those words, Niko’s violent struggle to free her legs stopped. He stared right into her
large eyes and continued earnestly.
“It’s totally natural that you wouldn’t want the game to stop,
that you’d want to stay in that world forever. But…I’ve played a
ton of net games now, so I get it. There’s nothing sadder and
lonelier than the ‘end’ of a game with no ending. Net games that
stop making money because the users get bored and move on to
some other game, there’s a quiet announcement that it’s shutting

down, and then the servers get turned off and no one really even
says anything about it. I’ve experienced the ‘middle’ of that moment countless times. I’ve watched the familiar old man at the
weapons shop or the girl at the inn ‘die,’ smiling forever, and after
I’ve linked out, back in my own room, I’ve cried countless times.
That kind of ending is wrong. It’s completely wrong.”

Not moving a muscle, feet still in the care of Haruyuki’s chest,
Niko opened both eyes wide.
Feeling the thin skin on the palms of his hands and the blood
flowing beneath it, Haruyuki continued speaking, his voice
slightly hoarse. “If…if there is an ending to Brain Burst, we
should be trying to get there. Even if, say, we lose the ability to
accelerate because of that, compared with the world just fizzling
out pathetically, it’s way, way…It’s the right way.”
Because that effort itself is probably the price we have to pay
for all the things this game Brain Burst has given us. Because
melancholy me being able to talk this long in my real-life voice
with a girl I only recently met is probably thanks to the program.
Hiding only this last thought in his heart, Haruyuki closed his
mouth.
Silence fell, and Niko stayed quiet for a long time, not moving
a muscle.
Aah! Did I say something totally nuts again?
Just when Haruyuki was becoming utterly discouraged, the
young King finally muttered grudgingly, “The right way, huh? So
there actually are Burst Linkers who talk like that.”
Eyes turned straight up at Haruyuki, Niko flashed him a smile,
a bit like the one she gave him in angel mode. “You’re a weird
one. To be honest, I was really wondering why the one and only
flying ability would go to a lazy pudgeball like you, but…I kinda
feel like I maybe get it a bit. But, that said…” Here the look on her
face turned stormy, and Haruyuki stood up straighter. “Exactly
how long are you gonna fool around with my feet, you perv? I’ll
kill you!!”

At the same time, her left foot shot out at the bridge of his
nose, and Haruyuki fell helplessly backward.
The sound of the door chime danced cheerfully over the thud
of his body.
“And then I ran into Master. Oh, here, treats. I nicked some we
had at my place,” Takumu said, lifting what looked like a cake
box, then tilting his head to the side after his gaze had made the
return trip between Haruyuki sitting on the floor and rubbing his
nose and Niko looking the other way on the sofa. “What are you
doing?”
“Perhaps they were fighting. No matter, no matter!” Kuroyukihime smiled faintly, hand on her uniformed hip, and Niko sniffed
derisively.
“Weeell. You know what they say, the more you fight, the
closer you are.”
Haruyuki hurriedly inserted himself between the two, certain
to send sparks flying if left to themselves. “W-welcome, both of
you! Thanks for the treats, Taku! So okay, let’s eat! I get the one
with a strawberry on top!!”
As he stood swiftly and headed toward the kitchen, two voices
sounded off simultaneously behind him.
“The strawberry’s for me!”
“The strawberry’s mine!”
“…Right.” He dipped his head grimly and prepared plates and
tea.
Fortunately, the box contained two pieces of strawberry shortcake and two of chocolate cake, so no further fighting was provoked—although there was the exchange: “You don’t have to have

black cake, too?” “Chocolate isn’t black; it’s a burnt brown.” Once
the four of them had concurrently taken their first bites of cake
and sips of tea, the look on Kuroyukihime’s face changed.
“Are you able to track Chrome Disaster?”
At the question, Niko quickly ran her eyes over her virtual
desktop and gave a slight nod. “Yeah. He should be moving pretty
soon.”
This steady reply made Haruyuki feel slightly uncomfortable.
How was remote tracking of a Burst Linker even possible? You
could tell a Burst Linker’s current position if the target started a
duel and you dove into the field as a spectator, but Niko hadn’t
had the look of accelerating. Or maybe the Legion Masters had
some kind of crazy privileges that let them check in on the whereabouts of members in the real world?
He opened his mouth to casually inquire along these lines.
“There he is!” Niko shouted sharply, stabbing the almost circular strawberry she had set aside for last with a fork and tossing it
in her mouth. “Cherry’s on a train on the Seibu Ikebukuro line.
Given his pattern up to now, today’s hunting ground’s gonna be
the Bukes.”
“Ikebukuro? Annoying.” Kuroyukihime clicked her tongue
lightly. She placed her fork on her now-empty plate with a clatter.
“How will we move? Are we going to use a train, too, or a cab in
the real? Or shall we cut through inside?”
Unable to understand the meaning of her words, Haruyuki
furrowed his brow.
“Inside,” which was to say the duel field, had the appearance
of continuing endlessly, but movement limit lines were set up
along the borders. Without them, it would’ve been possible, as a

battle strategy, to run desperately in a straight line until time ran
out after landing a blow.
So for example, diving from this place, from Haruyuki’s house
into the field, the northern edge of Suginami Ward would be the
farthest they could go; they definitely shouldn’t have been able to
get all the way to Ikebukuro in Toshima Ward.
However, Niko answered readily after only a moment’s
thought. “We’ll go from inside. With this setup, we shouldn’t get
tripped up by any Enemies.”
“If we’re lucky,” Kuroyukihime assented, looking severe.
No longer knowing which way was even up, Haruyuki was
caught by Kuroyukihime’s serious gaze head-on.
“Now, then. Haruyuki. I’ll teach you the command to dive into
the true battlefield of the Burst Linkers. It will use ten of your
burst points, but that’s not a problem, is it?”
“N-no, not if it’s only ten points. But more important…the true
battlefield…?”
“Exactly what it sounds like. The true nature of what we call
the Accelerated World is there. Shout the command after me, just
like I say it. Here we go. Fifth Chrome Disaster Subjugation, mission start!”
There, she took a deep breath, straightened her back, and—
As she touched the button to connect her Neurolinker to the
global net, the jet-black, beautiful princess shouted in a commanding voice, “Unlimited burst!”

5
“Unlimited burst!”
At the same time he shouted, lost in himself, an acceleration
noise twice as loud as normal slammed Haruyuki’s consciousness. His vision blacked out momentarily.
But a silver light soon cut through the darkness: the effect
light transforming his entire body into metallic steel.
In normal acceleration—with the “burst link” command—he
would first become his pink pig avatar, but that phase was
skipped here, and Haruyuki transformed directly into his pure
silver duel avatar, Silver Crow.
The surrounding darkness was then blown away by a rainbowcolored light. From the other side of the radiating aura, there appeared the glittering of blue-black steel.
The place that should have been his living room had been
metamorphosed into a cold, metallic corridor, almost like the castle of the king of hell in some fantasy film. The windows that
opened to the south had disappeared, and several light blue
flames flickered on walls and pillars sporting the design of several
steel plates pulled together in the shape of radiating fins. A thick
fog coiled around his feet, and the high ceiling was sunken in
darkness, leaving him unable to really make it out.
The leaden place closely resembled a purgatory stage, but
there was absolutely nothing organic about it. Haruyuki briefly
surveyed that cold and linear scene that extended as far as the eye
could see.

Reducing his focus, he saw three duel avatars standing very
close to him:
Cyan Pile, dark blue armor on sturdy limbs, right hand
equipped with its enormous Pile Driver.
Scarlet Rain, a lone handgun hanging from her slender, crimson-red frame.
And Black Lotus, shrouded in semitransparent, pure black
armor, her four sharp, sword-shaped limbs glittering.
Haruyuki secretly swallowed back the feelings of inferiority
welling up in him standing alongside Cyan Pile—Takumu, who
was the same level as him—much less the two Kings, as he muttered, “This is the Unlimited Neutral Field…”
“It is,” Kuroyukihime affirmed in a voice distorted by a metallic effect as she turned around lightly. The tips of her toes essentially sharp sword points, Black Lotus did not walk normally, but
rather hovered slightly above the floor.
Raising her right hand, the same elongated blade shape as her
legs, Kuroyukihime indicated the end of the corridor. “That’s
likely the exit. It would be faster to actually look.”
“Yeah. Let’s go.” Scarlet Rain—Niko—nodded, making her antennae-like pigtails bounce.
After walking a minute or so, an external white light started to
shine in their path along the steel passageway, sinking into the
heavy fog. Unconsciously quickening his pace, Haruyuki overtook
the other three, cut around the bend to the left, and stared.
The place that had originally been the eastern wall facing the
main street had changed into an open terrace, the entire area
opened up to the outside. Their current location was still at a
height equivalent to the twenty-third floor of his building, so the

terrace offered an unbroken view of the outside world.
Tremendous. There was no other word.
In the sky, piles of thick gray clouds twisted, bluish-purple
lightning frequently piercing the gaps between them. On the
ground, like Haruyuki’s condo, the buildings were covered in a
design of layered, sharp steel plates. The heart of Shinjuku, faint
and hazy directly ahead of him, was now more jostling strongholds of evil armies than a group of skyscrapers. No matter how
much he rubbed his eyes, he saw nothing moving. It was absolutely deserted.
The words “city of evil” lingering in the back of his mind,
Haruyuki whispered to Kuroyukihime advancing to his side, “I’ve
never seen a field like this before. What are its attributes…?”
“Chaos.” After giving this brief response, she turned eyes glowing violet toward Haruyuki and added, “You’ll understand what
that means sooner or later. Anyway, Haruyuki. It’s all well and
good to take in the view, but there’s something else you should
have noticed first.”
“Huh…?” Haruyuki hurriedly swiveled his head through his
surroundings before finally spotting what should have been the
focus of his attention.
In the duel fields he’d visited up to now, his own and his
enemy’s HP bars had always appeared in a fixed location in an
upper portion of his field of vision, separated by a timer that
started at 1,800 seconds and counted down the time remaining.
Now, however, the only HP bar was his, and there was no sign of
the count numbers.
Although the technical aspects of Brain Burst were the ultimate of the game apps Haruyuki had used so far, feeding back to
players fields so detailed and apparently tangible to the senses
that they were indistinguishable from actual sensory input, the

game itself was the ancient and hoary one-on-one fighter. Despite
the fact that the image before him had changed only slightly when
he came to the Unlimited Neutral Field, it made him feel like the
game had suddenly gotten a face-lift into a cutting-edge, largescale net game, and Haruyuki shouted involuntarily, “Th-the time
remaining’s gone?! What’s going on…?”
“That’s what going on.” It was Niko to his left who replied.
“There’s no upper time limit for dives set here. That’s why it’s
‘Unlimited.’”
“What?!” At a loss for words yet again, Haruyuki considered
seriously the implications of what he had just heard. “Uh, um. We
are accelerated, right?”
“Yes, of course.” Kuroyukihime’s response set his thoughts
whirling full speed again.
Brain Burst accelerated the consciousness of its users a thousand times and caused a full dive into a virtual field. So even if
you used the full thirty minutes that was the usual upper limit for
acceleration, a mere 1.8 seconds passed in the real world.
However, without that upper limit…
Spending just ten real-world minutes in this Unlimited Neutral Field, that would end up being ten thousand minutes—i.e.,
about 160 hours, i.e., about seven days. And if that was the case,
what about spending the equivalent of a full day in the real world
in this field?
After counting on his fingers, Haruyuki muttered in a hoarse
voice, “Th-three years…”
What did that even mean? That was basically an eternity.
Which meant, if you used this “unlimited burst,” no matter how
much homework you had piled up, no matter how much you
skipped out on studying for exams—

“You’d be better off giving up on that, Haru,” Takumu said
from behind him, as if perfectly sussing out Haruyuki’s miscreant
thoughts.
When he turned around, his friend shrugged the solid shoulders of his avatar and continued in a voice sporting a laugh, “I
came here exactly once before. I got excited that time just like
you. I even thought going home right away would be a waste. I
mean, I had spent those ten burst points, so I just hung around
for three days, inside time. When I got back to the real world, I
had forgotten everything I was planning to do right before I accelerated. It totally sucked.”
“That’s right, Haruyuki. In just three days, you’ll simply forget
what you were going to do, but if you spend, say, a month or six
months here…” Kuroyukihime’s tone grew serious. “People are
changed when they return. It’s only natural; in the worst-case
scenario, the you you were and the soul you have are different
ages. If you don’t want your family and friends eyeing you suspiciously, you should avoid coming here too often.”
The moment he heard that admonishment, a voice revived in
the back of Haruyuki’s brain.
If you knew exactly how much time me and that girl there
had spent in the Accelerated World up to now…
The words Niko had said smilingly the day before. So what
made it meaningful was—
But before he could pursue that thought, the girl herself patted
his shoulder lightly. “Anyway, let’s get moving already. Although
we do have time to spare. When we accelerated, there were still
two minutes real time before the train Cherry’s on gets to Ikebukuro.”
“R-right. So, moving…you mean, to Ikebukuro?”

Two minutes in the real world was more than thirty-three
hours in the Accelerated World. Thinking that this was rather
more than “time to spare,” Haruyuki turned his gaze to the northeast.
On the far side of the blue-black steel city that seemed to
stretch on to infinity, he could make out an enormous structure
dimly rising. If that was the massive shopping center Sunshine
City in Ikebukuro, then the distance from here to there should
have been the same as it was in the real world, six kilometers.
“Umm. Are we walking? Or running? Or?”
“Why would we do that? Why do you think you’re here?”
“Huh? What…”
The adorable crimson duel avatar at the other end of
Haruyuki’s dumbfounded gaze clasped both hands tightly in front
of her chest and tilted her head to one side.
“You’ll give us a big hug and carry us, right, big brother?”
After using Punch and Kick to destroy the obstacles—strangely
shaped statues and iron lattices set on the open terrace—and
building his special-attack gauge up to the maximum, Haruyuki
turned around, muttering, “Let’s see.”
He saw the two Kings shoot dangerous looks at each other.
“I have no choice but to be held, not with these arms. You
hang from Silver Crow’s legs.”
“You gotta be kidding! Why would I do something as humiliating as that? Your design’s the problem here. Take the train by
yourself!”
Takumu pushed in between the two squaring off with each

other and sending actual, not just metaphorical, sparks flying and
sighed. “Okay, how about we do it like this? Master, Haru holds
you with his right arm and the Red King with his left. And then
I’ll hang from his legs. Can you do that, Haru?”
“Oh. Y-yeah, prob’ly. Although I probably won’t be able to go
too fast.”
Stepping out in front of Niko and Kuroyukihime still looking
dissatisfied, Haruyuki stretched out his right hand first.
“E-excuse me.” He got a firm hold on the slim waist above
Black Lotus’s armor skirt with its black lotus flower design and
then wrapped his left arm around Scarlet Rain’s even more slender torso.
Without a scrap of mental energy to spare on the excitement of
having flowers in both arms, Haruyuki nervously focused his
power in his shoulder blades and deployed the metal fins folded
up on his back.
The wings, spreading with a cold shuffling sound, soon began
to emit a light vibrating noise. The virtual lift power generated
brought the tips of his toes up off the floor. After ascending very
slowly to a height of 1.5 meters, Haruyuki went into hover mode.
“Climb on, Taku.”
“Thanks, Haru.” Soon enough, Cyan Pile’s sturdy arms were
wrapped tightly around his calves.

“Okay, then…Here we go!” Haruyuki declared, oscillating his
wings as hard as he could.
Although a load of three people was definitely appreciable, he
still reliably ascended into the sky. The steel terrace immediately
receded, and the deserted, strangely shaped city sprawled in all
directions beneath their eyes.
“O-oh, wow!” Niko cried out from under his left arm. “We’re
seriously flying! That’s Kannana Street…Is that the Chuo Line?
Maybe I can see my school!”
For Haruyuki, the view from the sky was a familiar sight. Even
with the restricted movement of a Normal Duel Field, visually,
the whole of the Kanto region, not just Tokyo, could be taken in.
But no matter how many times he saw it, the deep emotion
that pierced the depths of his heart showed no sign of abating.
And this Unlimited Neutral Field, according to Kuroyukihime’s
explanation, continued on without bounds to every nook and
cranny the social camera net covered—in other words, the whole
of Japan.
This was not on the scale of a game map anymore. It was a
world.
“Right…so this…,” Haruyuki mumbled unthinkingly. “This
right here is the Accelerated World. Always existing right next to
the real world. Not momentarily, but a permanent world.”
“Exactly.” It was Kuroyukihime, whose body was entrusted to
his right arm, who replied briefly. Sharp, shining eyes were
turned on Haruyuki, and her voice flowed both severe and gentle
at the same time. “And this is the Burst Linkers’ true battlefield.
If you are aiming for level nine, one day you will have to fight in
this place and come out victorious. Although now is not yet that
time.”

Did that mean that his level wasn’t high enough yet, or that his
own abilities weren’t enough?
Aware of a faint impatience biting into his heart, Haruyuki
nodded slightly. “Right…a-anyway…”
“Hmm? What?”
“If this is the permanent map, then that means that Burst
Linkers other than us are diving at this moment, right?”
“Totes.” It was Niko who responded.
“B-but the ratio—It doesn’t feel like there’s anyone at all here,”
he said querulously, turning his face.
The strange city below him was replete with a cold silence; he
couldn’t see a single thing moving. Haruyuki had thought there
would definitely be duel avatars everywhere like in the usual duel
field, so he couldn’t help but wonder at the quiet.
A laugh came quickly from Takumu, who dangled from his
legs. “Ha-ha! Of course, Haru. Given the fact that there’s a grand
total of only a thousand or so Burst Linkers, the number diving in
the Unlimited Neutral Field at any given time is supposedly just
barely a hundred. Put simply, it’s totally natural that you
wouldn’t see anyone in a place like Suginami, where there’s nothing at all.”
“O-okay, then. So if we go more into the center of town?”
“That’s how it works. Which is exactly why we, and Cherry
Rook, are headed for the Bukes.” Niko hit Haruyuki’s helmeted
head lightly as she spoke. “But you keep floating like this without
moving, and your gauge’ll run out.”
“Oh! R-right.” Haruyuki checked the blue special-attack gauge
shining thinly below his HP gauge. Hovering didn’t use up much,
but it was already down nearly 10 percent.

“Okay, I’ll head out on a direct course,” he announced, increasing his wings’ oscillation again.
They moved ahead, gliding directly below the twisting clouds.
Soon enough, they crossed the deserted Kannana and entered
Nakano Ward.
Haruyuki caught sight of the Chuo Line Bridge, supported by
pillars with a ridiculously tapered design, and casually followed it
to the end where he saw something unexpected and muttered
quietly, “Ah! Th-the train’s moving?!”
Although it was a mere two-car configuration, a train-like,
long, thin shadow was definitely moving in the direction of Shinjuku on the blackly lustrous rails, echoing solemnly.
“You can get on as well. Although it costs you points,”
Kuroyukihime explained, somewhat delightedly, and his eyes
popped unconsciously beneath his silver armor.
“What?! Wh-who’s driving it?!”
“Heh-heh, you should check yourself, one day.”
Even while they were having this conversation, the tracks
quickly passed into the distance behind them, and the Yamanote
Line appeared, as if to replace it. Once they got past that, they’d
be in Mejiro, and Ikebukuro would soon follow.
In the real world, Haruyuki often went to buy older-generation
games and used paper-media books, but access from Suginami
was surprisingly poor. He either had to go out to Shinjuku by
train or get a bus from Koenji, but either way, he was moving at
right angles, so it took a while.
Carefree thoughts about how much easier it would be if he
could fly there like this were spinning around in his head when
Kuroyukihime, riding on his right arm, indicated the east side

with the point of her sharp sword.
“See, Haruyuki? Take a look at that.”
Turning his gaze lazily in that general direction, Haruyuki was
so shocked he nearly dropped the two Kings. He hurriedly
strengthened his grip.
“Whoa! Wh-wha—?!”
An enormous shadow moved densely down Yamate Street—
which was covered in a thick fog—a shadow that could only be described as strange. Its overall form was like a four-legged beast,
but its torso was flat like a stingray, and from the place where its
head should have been, countless feelers drooped down toward
the ground. At the ends of its long, sturdy limbs, two sharp talons
like those of an insect stretched out to the point of heinousness.
And its size…it had to have been at least as big as a three-story
building. It completely occupied the three lanes into the city and
was moving leisurely toward the south.
Feeling a heavy, low crunch shake the air each time its legs
came into contact with the road, Haruyuki mumbled, dazed,
“What…is that?”
“An Enemy. The inhabitants of this world, created and moved
by the system.”
Picking up where Kuroyukihime left off, Niko whistled briefly,
“You’re pretty lucky, you know, getting to see one that big right
off the bat. But don’t get too close. We get targeted by that thing
and even a group like this is gonna get slowed down.”
“Targeted…You mean, attacked?!”
“You do learn the meaning of the word ‘Enemy’ in junior high,
right?”

With nothing to spare to react to Niko’s spiteful style,
Haruyuki hurriedly gained altitude. The strange, enormous beast
seemed not to notice the spectators in the sky and continued lumbering along.
“Wh-why would something so dangerous be part of the
game?”
“Why? Well, that is…” Kuroyukihime started to answer and
faltered. Niko and Takumu also appeared similarly pressed for a
response, and Haruyuki cocked his head to one side.
“Oh!” Takumu, dangling from his legs, cried in a strained
voice. “Look, it’s just starting. The hunt.”
“H-hunt…?”
The enormous beast suddenly roared as below their eyes it
moved farther. Haruyuki abruptly flew up several meters.
“Whoa?!”
The beast stood on its hind legs and howled again, violently
swinging its bundle of tentacles. But Haruyuki quickly realized
that he and his companions had not incited this roaring.
There were several small shadows farther south on Yamanote
Street.
At first, he thought they were other Enemies, but he soon
gathered that this was not the case. The silhouettes were human
shaped in various colors of armor—they were Burst Linkers.
A large one standing in front lifted its right hand swiftly and
swung it downward. Immediately, a firing line of several beams
and live ammunition surged from the roofs of the buildings lining
both sides of the street and exploded against the monster’s skull.
Instantly, the Enemy, massive bulk reeling, emitted a strange

howl of a war cry and turned its head toward one of the buildings.
Scratching the air with its forelimb, it started advancing with a
subterranean rumbling.
However, before its enormous bulk slammed into the building,
the Burst Linkers who had taken up positions on the road
launched a midrange attack. The beast, peppered by explosions,
changed targets with an angry cry and plunged toward the Linkers exposed on the road.
“Ah! Watch out!” Haruyuki shouted automatically.
The beast brought its forelimb down from high in the air,
smashing without the slightest resistance into the leader. Or at
least that’s what it looked like, but the duel avatar, with its bluishsilver heavy armor, stopped the huge talons with crossed arms.
The idea was apparently not to stop and fight head-on then
and there. The Linkers gradually retreated, all the while guarding
against the fierce attacks of the rampaging beast. When they had
drawn it sufficiently far away from the two buildings, another simultaneous launch came from the rooftops, hitting the base of
the creature’s tail. The monstrosity changed directions on heavy
feet and plunged toward the building on the east side, and this
time, the ground troops chased after it to initiate a close-range attack.
“Fairly decent party. Good hate control. Who’s the leader?”
Niko responded to Kuroyukihime’s admiring tone. “Pretty sure
it’s a senior member of the Green Legion. Although the party
looks mixed.”
At this conversation, Haruyuki finally grasped the facts of the
battle spreading out below his eyes. “I-Is that it…Those Burst
Linkers aren’t being attacked by that huge monster. They’re targeting it and trying to bring it down, right?”

“Yes. It’s a hunt.”
“So then if they defeat it, they get experience poi—I mean,
burst points?”
“Mmm-hmm. That’s the idea.”
Following the assenting Kuroyukihime’s lead, Niko patted
Haruyuki on the head. “Even you should get it by now. The reason Enemies exist in the Unlimited Neutral Field is, ultimately,
the reason the field exists at all. Burst Linkers can level up not
just with regular duels, but by hunting and stuff here. But, you
know—”
“It’s remarkably inefficient compared with duels. Even if
you’re willing to risk the annihilation of your points to hunt a
large monster at that level, you might, if you’re lucky, get what
you’d get for winning a duel at the same level. Ten points.” Having picked up the explanation, Kuroyukihime paused there for a
moment and lightly shook the mask of her elegant form. “There’s
no avoiding that. Hunting Enemies in this world is essentially an
act of generating burst points from nothing. Which is to say, in
Brain Burst, which is at best a one-on-one fighting game, hunting
in the Unlimited Field is basically nothing more than a supplementary means of point supply. However, currently, it has essentially become the lone road to a higher level. The reason being—”
“The mutual nonaggression pact, right?” Haruyuki murmured.
“Even if high-level Burst Linkers want to fight, they can’t just
go invading another Legion’s Territory. And given that, the weekend Territory Battles aren’t functioning because of the pact…”
“But, Master,” Takumu said thoughtfully from Haruyuki’s feet
as Silver Crow started to fly north again, moving them away from
the fierce battle unfolding far beneath them, “if I’m correct,
there’s just one more, isn’t there? A means of earning points to
swiftly gain the higher levels with great efficiency, even given the

current situation?”
“What? Taku, what do you…?”
“The thing is, in this world, there are things besides Enemies
you can hunt. Prey with way, way more points.”
After sinking into thought for a moment, Haruyuki inhaled
sharply. “R-really? Not the huge creature back there, but the
Linkers…?” Glancing back, he could see the ongoing battle fire
making the heavy fog sparkle even now far to the south.
Kuroyukihime’s quiet voice broke the slight silence. “That’s it.
In this place, you can attack to your heart’s content those highlevel Burst Linkers you can’t challenge otherwise. Even if you
would like to challenge them to regular duels, it’s impossible due
to the fact that they almost never leave their Legion Territories.
And anything is possible here: ambushes, surprise attacks.”
“And we’re about to do exactly that to Cherry Rook—I mean,
Chrome Disaster,” Niko whispered while directing both eyes, covered by round, cute crimson lenses, abruptly forward.
They had already passed Mejiro Street, aka Ring Road No. 7,
and the center of Ikebukuro was dead ahead of them. So
Haruyuki supposed that the palace surrounded by a group of
strange steel spires piercing the sky from where the inky road was
swallowed up was JR Ikebukuro Station. From there, an enormous skyway stretched out to the south and connected with a
high-rise fortress a little distance off—Sunshine City. At the foot
of the passageway was a jumble of tiny buildings, looking like
multicolored lights twinkling.
Are those just plain old light effects? Or is there actually a
shopping district down there, just like the real Ikebukuro? Which
reminds me, Takumu and Kuroyukihime didn’t say what that
shop thing was all about before. Maybe down there—

As he drifted on to other things, unconsciously forgetting
about the current situation, Haruyuki’s head was yanked back to
reality by Niko’s right hand.
“Heyo, not stopping here. We should still have a fair bit of
time before Cherry gets here, but let’s keep an eye out on the
ground. Flying like this, we’re totes exposed.”
“Well, that’s true, but Ikebukuro is quite large. Do you know
where he’ll appear?”
She sniffed at Kuroyukihime’s question. “Given his pattern ’til
now, somewhere around Sunshine City. Just come from the south
and land on the roof of whatever building there is.”
Haruyuki prepared to do as he was told, angling his body toward the east. He could see the sky-impaling fortress diagonally
to the left in front of him. To its right was something like a basin
gaping open. That was probably South Ikebukuro Park in the real
world, but with nothing treelike to speak of, it gave off an air of
desolation like a crater where a giant meteorite had violently collided with the earth.
“Okay, I’ll come down in front of the empty lot.” Haruyuki
checked his special-attack gauge, which had only a little left in it,
judged that he could just barely make it, and flapped his wings.
Bearing the weight of four people, he began his slow advance—
“Haru!!” Takumu, at his feet, cried.
Snapping his head down, Haruyuki caught the dazzling orange
of a firing line, stretching upward from a gap between the buildings on the ground.
“Ngh!!” Without even the time to scream, Haruyuki instinctively put all his power into a forward dash, diagonally to the
right.

The air burned around him, and he felt an enormous amount
of heat scraping very close to his back. It felt like the tips of his
wings, which should not have had the sensation of pain, were
splitting into tiny bits.
Regardless, Haruyuki once again slid through the sky, this
time tacking left. His eyes perceived a second launch from the
ground—and the color was different from the first round.
After he just barely dodged a blue-white beam of light,
Kuroyukihime cried in a low voice, “Impossible. Chrome Disaster?!”
“It can’t be,” Niko replied in a voice echoing with tense amazement. “It’s too soon. We should still have an entire day in this
time before he shows! And this kind of technique, he doesn’t—”
Haruyuki interrupted their conversation with a desperate cry.
“We’re going down!!”
This due to the fact that on one side of the buildings below, he
could see the third volley—and multiple points of light blinking.
Those weren’t linear laser attacks, but rather the lights of real
projectiles firing, probably missiles equipped with a tracking
function.
Haruyuki stopped the lift force of his wings temporarily and
went into a sudden descent equivalent to falling. However, if they
fell straight down, they would be immediately captured by the
mysterious foe coming to meet them. Spreading his wings out to
their fullest and drifting along like a glider, he aimed for the enormous crater in front of him.
“Here they come! Missiles!” Clucking her tongue and twisting
her body in Haruyuki’s arm, Niko unholstered the gun at her hip.
The staccato sound of repeated fire followed, and several
small-scale explosions roared. However, she obviously couldn’t

intercept every missile with a single gun, and a few of them
pierced the flames and closed in.
“Yah!” Kuroyukihime ripped through them in a single swipe of
her left arm.
A second passed before the explosion. Using the pressure of
the blast, Haruyuki cut through the last few dozen meters and
stepped hard on the brakes in the center of the round crater.
First, Takumu separated from Haruyuki’s legs, digging into
the ground as he impacted. The two Kings then leapt out from his
arms to land delicately on the ground. After crashing clumsily in
the middle, Haruyuki hurried back to his feet and saw, checking
his HP bar with a glance, that fortunately it hadn’t dipped even 3
percent. Kuroyukihime and the others shouldn’t have taken any
direct hits at all.
In the center of the enormous hole, countless cracks radiating
outward, Haruyuki and the others held their breath.
The world returned to silence, almost as if the attacks of only a
few seconds earlier had never happened. All that could be heard
was the lightning flashing in the distant black clouds above them
and the sound of the wind blowing past.
Then…
The quiet crunching of footsteps broke the silence, and a lone
shadow appeared on the western edge of the crater. A Burst
Linker. No doubt their assailant moments earlier. But it was
nothing more than a silhouette, and Haruyuki couldn’t make out
details like its color.
“That’s…our attacker from before…?” Haruyuki muttered in a
croak that didn’t quite constitute a voice.
However, seconds later, a second shadow rose up soundlessly

to the right of the first. And then a third and a fourth.
“Wh-what the…” Takumu cursed under his breath at the same
time countless heavy footsteps echoed around them.
Shadows of avatars lined the circumference of the crater in
every direction. Big, small, long-distance, close range, their characteristics ran the gamut, but there was just one thing they all
had in common: their aura. The eyes Haruyuki felt on him conveyed a thirst for battle that practically overflowed from the assemblage as they stared intently and silently at their prey. The
aura of a hunter.
The number of Burst Linkers quickly reached thirty. And finally, the center of the group encircling the outer edge of the
crater parted, and an avatar with remarkable presence appeared.
Long and thin, it was probably taller than Cyan Pile, but the
slenderness of its limbs was on par with Silver Crow’s. On this
body, a skeletal insinuation of a human, only the shoulders and
hips were rounded and filled out. Atop its head, it sported a hat
shaped like thick horns, curving long and thin to both sides.
Large spheres stuck onto the ends of the horns wobbled soundlessly. The face was covered by a mask in the pattern of a smile.
“A clown?” Haruyuki whispered. The avatar’s silhouette eerily
resembled the joker from a deck of cards. But there wasn’t a hint
of humor in the mask. The long, thin eyes—nothing more than
upended talons—shone dimly white with a cruel glimmer in the
backlit shadow.
Abruptly, the clouds in the sky above parted, and beams of
ashen sunlight weakly trickled across the landscape, illuminating
the avatars tightly encircling the crater. They represented a rainbow of colors, but if anything, the majority were red and yellow.
Shining conspicuously vividly among them was the armor of the
clown avatar standing lanky in their nucleus.

The armor was a garish yellow like uranium ore, without even
a trace of dullness to muddy it. The instant he saw it, a fierce
shudder ran down Haruyuki’s spine. Duel avatars with that kind
of vivid color saturation just didn’t exist. He’d seen this sort of
color personally only twice: obsidian darkness and crimson fire.
Which meant…Which meant, this clown…
As if to give credence Haruyuki’s speculation, the crimson
avatar next to him emitted a hoarse acknowledgment. “Yellow
Radio. The Yellow King. Why is he—”
A King. A level-nine Burst Linker, one of only seven in existence in the Accelerated World.
Up to now, Haruyuki hadn’t had any contact with members of
the Yellow Legion, much less the Yellow King himself. This was
because the Territory the Yellow Legion controlled was the opposite side of Tokyo as seen from Suginami—the area from Ueno to
Akihabara. Although he occasionally went to Akihabara to buy
old computer parts and such, Haruyuki made sure to cut off his
global connection when he did.
Put another way, it was highly unnatural that the Yellow Legion would be here in Ikebukuro at this moment and accompanied by such numbers. Obviously, it wasn’t a coincidence. Because the four of them had used the “unlimited burst” command
at Haruyuki’s condo to dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field,
only something like a few seconds would have passed in real time.
Definitely not enough time for a member of the Legion to discover them, contact the outside, get other members together, and
meet up in Ikebukuro.
Which meant they were also monitoring Cherry Rook’s movements, had predicted that Haruyuki and the others would turn up
here, and laid an ambush.
If that was true, then there was only one reason for it. All of it.
Every little thing leading to this situation was their—

“Bastard!!” Niko howled suddenly.
The Red King, likely having reaching the same conclusion with
similar rapidity, jumped a step forward, clenched her fists, threw
her head back, and roared in an accusation that was at once both
childish and menacing, “You’re behind this whole thing, Yellow
Radio!!”
Right. That was the only answer.
The raging flames of her blame flared at him, but the Yellow
King’s slim figure didn’t flinch. Unexpectedly, he took his time
raising his bone-like arm. He waved it out broadly to the right
and flipped his palm up.
“Well, well, when the little bug fluttering in the sky comes
falling to earth, he brings a surprising guest. Hello, Red King.”
Emanating from the grinning mask was the clear, fluid voice of a
boy. However, a distortion effect, almost as if it had been encoded
at an incredible compression ratio, added a certain odiousness to
it.
“What’re you talking about? You’re the one who ambushed
us!”
“You don’t understand what I’m saying? I only came out this
way to have the Red Legion take responsibility one way or the
other for violating the nonaggression pact and attacking my precious subordinates and hounding them into total point loss. This
duel avatar running so insolently wild in our Territory recently is
a real problem, hmm?”
Countless layers of metal rings that comprised the horns of his
hat wobbled lazily. Almost as if he was trying to suppress a smile.
Niko jabbed her index finger at him and cried, flames leaping
forward, “And you’re the one who made him like that! You gave
Cherry Rook the Armor of Catastrophe, which you had concealed,

to lure me out to this place…You were the one who laid the temptation in front of him and sent him on a rampage in violation of
the pact!!”
“‘Concealed’? ‘Gave’? That’s no way to talk to a person. The
Armor disappeared ages ago, hmm? Didn’t your subordinate simply make it again?” he asked throatily. This time he stretched out
his left arm before continuing, tracing a line in the air with an abnormally long and sharp finger.
“In the sacred pact formerly consecrated among the Kings, we
have this clause: ‘Should a member of a given Legion be pushed
to the forced uninstallation of Brain Burst due to an attack in violation of the pact, the aggrieved Legion may select one from the
ranks of the Legion to which the transgressor belongs, consigning
that person the same fate.’ An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth…
In truth, it’s an uncivilized method of revenge, hmm?”
Heh. Heh-heh-heh.
This time an unmistakable laugh leaked out from beneath the
acute angles of the inverted triangle of the mask. The upwardarching eyes flickered faintly in time with the laughter.
“However, rules are rules. Isn’t that so? If I, a King, were to ignore the pact here, we can’t say for certain that there wouldn’t
follow a string of similarly insolent fellows, one after the other.
Thus, I had no choice but to come all the way out to the boonies
of Ikebukuro. To find one person affiliated with the Red Legion
and have them pay for their comrade’s sins, yes? However…perhaps this is yet another cruel trick of fate?”
Placing both hands on his hips and bending over abruptly, the
Yellow King uttered coolly, obscenely, “That this person coincidentally turns out to be none other than the head of the Red Legion, Scarlet Rain herself.”
It’s no coincidence! Haruyuki screamed in his heart, grinding

his teeth.
The duel avatars lined up outside the crater had topped out at
about thirty. It might have been a King’s Legion, but this was
probably about the maximum that could be mobilized on a weekday evening. It was impossible that their objective was anything
other than hunting a King, the strongest prey in the world.
The Yellow King had predicted that Scarlet Rain—Niko—
would pursue this course of action. That, given Niko’s personality, she would show up like this in the Unlimited Neutral Field to
punish the crimes committed by her subordinate, Cherry Rook,
with her Judgment Blow.
No, it wasn’t just that. Luring Niko into this situation and
legally hunting one of the five heads he needed to elevate himself
to level ten—for this purpose, the Yellow King had slipped the Enhanced Armament Chrome Disaster to a Red Legion member.
That was the only thing that made sense. In which case, that
meant…
“It was the Yellow King who hid the fact that the Armor
dropped two and a half years ago when The Fourth was defeated,”
Haruyuki whispered to himself, unaware that he was speaking
aloud. But there wasn’t a shred of evidence supporting this. If he
started hollering about his hypothesis here, it would just be an
endless argument.
Likely understanding this, too, Niko stayed silent, her
clenched fists shaking violently. Finally, her hands opened and
dropped to her sides. A controlled, level voice flowed up from the
bottom of the crater.
“It should also say this in the pact: ‘It is permitted to select any
one person and exact vengeance, but this shall not be the case in
the event that the Legion Master personally judges and sentences
the offender to total point loss.’ I’ll judge him; I’ll judge Cherry
Rook. You got no problem with that, right?”

“Go right ahead!” Spreading his hands smoothly, the Yellow
King, Yellow Radio, said amusedly. “If you’re capable! I heard the
rumors on the wind. The other day, you certainly made an attempt, and you lost spectacularly. And you suffered the further
shame of a crude time-out loss! Isn’t that so? If you are going to
challenge him again, you are free to do so. However, where exactly is this Cherry so-and-so?” He swiveled his enormous hat-accesorized head from side to side theatrically.
“We are busy, too, you know. You don’t plan to make us wait
here for days when you don’t know when he’ll make an appearance, do you? If you can’t deal with him right away, then it seems
our only choice will be to make do with you here, hmm?”
“Hngh!” Niko grunted, vexed.
They had verified that Cherry Rook was moving in the real
world with Niko’s remote monitoring before accelerating, but
there was a time lag before their opponent actually appeared in
the Unlimited Neutral Field. For instance, even with a lag of a few
minutes in the real world, in this world, where time was accelerated by a factor of a thousand, in the worst case, the difference
could end up being a day or more. Just as the Yellow King said, it
would be impossible to capture Cherry Rook right away.
Bracing himself, Haruyuki took a step forward and murmured
very quietly at Niko’s back. “It’s hopeless, Niko. Right from the
start, he was trying to trap you. There’s no way he’ll let you go.
Let’s retreat temporarily. Log out and then the next chance—”
“We can’t.” Her reply was immediate and concise. “Systemwise, we can’t do that. In the Unlimited Neutral Field, immediate
log out’s not possible.”
“Wha—” Speechless, Haruyuki heard Takumu, who’d moved
alongside him, murmuring in his ear.
“It’s true, Haru. The only way to get out of here is to go to one

of the leave points set up in the area. Even if you commit suicide,
you can’t log out. You’ll just be resurrected an hour later in the
same spot you died. Of course, if someone on the real-world side
yanks your Neurolinker off for you, that’s a different story. But,
right now at your place…”
There was no one. His mother didn’t get back from her business trip until tomorrow, and three years would pass before then
in this world.
“The closest leave point is either Ikebukuro Station or Sunshine City,” Niko whispered quickly, glancing backward. “We
can’t get to either of them fast. And even if we did head for one,
we’d have to fight at least once just to bust through this circle.”
She cut herself off momentarily, both eyes glinting sharply like
rubies. “But y’know, this Radio Jackhole’s made a miscalculation
of his own.”
“M-miscalculation?”
“Yeah. This is how many people he got together to take me
down, to take down a King. But, uh, we got another one here right
now, don’t we?”
Haruyuki’s eyes flew open.
On the color wheel that determined the attributes of a duel
avatar, yellow excelled at midrange attacks. Although it was particularly good at unpleasant, back-stabbing kind of maneuvers, it
was inferior to the other colors in terms of direct attack power.
Meanwhile, Red King Niko was a demon with long-range heat
powers, and although he could count on one hand the number of
times he’d seen her fight, from her form alone, he could see the
Black King Kuroyukihime specialized in close-range attacks.
If the two of them worked to cover each other, they might have
a chance at winning, even up against thirty people, one of whom

was a King.
Having thought this far, Haruyuki was suddenly gripped by a
physical unease. Why had Kuroyukihime been silent this whole
time? Normally, she would have been flaring up at the Yellow
King the second he showed his face even more aggressively than
Niko.
Turning abruptly, Haruyuki saw the jet-black avatar, sword
hands dangling at her sides, head hanging, almost as if she was
afraid. “Ku—”
Just as he was about to instinctively shout her name, the Yellow King’s clear voice rang out once again.
“As long as Cherry-whatever doesn’t show up, it seems the
only thing to do is have you take responsibility, hmm, Red King?
And that being the case…” A long finger on his leisurely raised
arm aimed straight at a black spot at the bottom of the crater.
“You’ll just sit back and watch the thrilling, wonderful carnival
about to commence without interference, hmm, Black King?”
Even slapped with the Yellow King’s overly self-righteous
manner of speaking, Kuroyukihime showed no reaction whatsoever, head still hanging. After a full five seconds had passed, she
finally lifted her face in an almost rusty motion and pointed the
sword of her right hand at the Yellow King.
“You’ve got to be kidding, Radio.” The words slipping out from
under her mask were combative, but her voice didn’t contain its
usual severity. Almost as if talking to herself rather than her opponent, Kuroyukihime went on spitting out words. “Even you
don’t believe you’ll actually be able to bring down two Kings with
this strike force. If you think I’m just going to sit back and watch,
you’ve made an enormous mistake.”
“Oh? So you’re saying you’ll fight? That you’ll turn that bloodstained sword on me as well? And here I was trying to give you a

front-row seat to the show. But you’re saying you’d rather deliberately meet with a bad end?”
Despite the fact that the situation could not in any way be said
to be to his party’s advantage as Kuroyukihime had indicated, the
Yellow King laughed from deep in his throat. “It is true that I
hadn’t considered that you might join Scarlet Rain in appearing
in the Unlimited Field here today. But, well…a wrinkle like this
won’t put a stop to our Legion Crypt Cosmic Circus’s exciting carnival. You see, I have been waiting all this time, aaaaaall this time
in my heart of hearts, to meet you like this one day, Lotus. So that
I can give you this wonderful present I’ve been carrying around in
my pocket for so very long!”
Haruyuki saw something square glittering at the end of the
Yellow King’s fingers as he stretched them out with a performer’s
grace. It was about the same size as a playing card, but he
couldn’t make out the pattern on it.
The clown avatar twirled the card around deftly with his fingertips before flicking it out. It reflected the sunlight trickling
through the gaps in the thick clouds and danced several dozen
meters into the air, shimmering and glistening before striking the
ground soundlessly a short distance from Haruyuki and the others.
It didn’t seem to be anything dangerous. Haruyuki stared absently at the sideways triangle, which popped up on the card surface and blinked. Immediately, Niko next to him warned in a low
voice, “A replay file.”
The card’s surface sparkled dazzlingly and emitted an inverted
cone of light straight up. Countless horizontal lines ran through
the sky like noise, soon coming together in a single image. The
semitransparent 3-D projection was of a duel avatar that
Haruyuki had never seen before.
Red. The figure was an orthodox human shape, but the bal-

anced armor it bore shone a red so pure it seemed impossible for
it to be any more so. It was different from the flaming crimson of
Scarlet Rain—the color of passion, as it were.
Once again, a hoarse voice slipped out of Niko. “My predecessor…Red Rider.”
Kuroyukihime took a step back and said, almost shouted,
“Stop…stop it!”
It was then that the semitransparent 3-D image suddenly
started to move.
The bright red avatar projected large in the sky clenched his
right fist in front of his body and waved his left directly to the
side. The crisp voice of a boy broadcast loudly, echoing clearly in
Haruyuki’s ears.
“This…this ridiculous goal is what we’ve been fighting for up to
now?! Hating each other, stealing from each other, killing each
other…Did we keep fighting however many thousands of duels
for however many years because we wanted to see an ending
like this?! No, even if this is the scenario the developer of Brain
Burst wrote…we’re not NPCs made to dance by the game master! The heroes of this game are us, all of us here! Right, Lotus?”
Here, the screen pulled back, and as the red avatar grew
smaller, another avatar sitting in front of him came into the
frame. A jet-black avatar equipped with four long, daunting
swords. Black Lotus.
The first Red King continued tossing out harsh words, accompanied by even harsher gestures, at the Black King, who quietly
hung her head.
“It’s true we all control our respective Legions, and we’ve
fought hard up to now. But that’s definitely not because we’re

enemies! It’s because we’re rivals, isn’t it?! I…I like your fighting
style, Lotus. If we ever met in the real world, I could be buds
with you. Totally. Actually, I want to be! Which is why I don’t
want us to try to kill each other in sudden death! It’s gotta be the
same for you!”
At that moment, the slightly sharp voice of a girl came from
offscreen. “Hey, Rider! You think I’m just gonna let that go?!”
The red avatar turned to the left as if flustered and held a hand
up. “N-no, that’s not it. I didn’t mean it like that…Ah, crap.”
Background laughter could be heard above this exchange.
The Black Lotus, hanging her head on-screen, abruptly relaxed
her shoulders. Raising her face, in a calm voice, she said:
“Mmm…I suppose so. It’s just like you say, Rider. I like you, too.
Naturally, I mean, I respect you.”
Standing smoothly and taking a step up, the Black King extended her right sword hand to the Red King.
“I knew you’d get it, Lotus!” the Red King shouted gleefully,
and when he reached out to shake hands, he stopped as if confused.
The Black King shrugged and said, her voice tipped with
laughter, “Oops! Apologies. Well, then…how about this?” In a
smooth, unreserved motion, the Black King thrust herself against
the Red King’s chest, bringing both arms up around his neck and
hugging tightly.
Something like a blush sprang up on the Red King’s cheeks before he wrapped both hands around Black Lotus’s waist.
Once again, the girl from before cried out offscreen, “Hey!
Come on!”

“Don’t get mad. It’s just instead of a handshake.” The Red
King excused himself impatiently, and several voices rang out in
laughter.
And then.
Black Lotus’s eyes lit up with an icy, bluish-white light behind
her sable goggles. The swords of her arms intersecting behind the
Red King’s neck glittered an intense violet.
“Death by Embrace.”
She uttered the name of the special attack quietly as the two
crossed blades swiftly intersected, like a pair of enormous scissors.
Red Rider’s body went limp and crumpled at Black Lotus’s
feet, a broken doll. His head alone remained on the crossed arms
of the Black King. She brought the freshly severed head, dripping
copious bright red sparks from the cross section, gently to her
cheek.
The thick, full silence was shredded by a high-pitched, despairing scream.
“N-nooooooooo!!”
The replay video ended there, and the figure of Black Lotus
cradling her rival’s head faded back into the noise of the scan
lines.
Only the thin wail did not cut out, continuing to ring in
Haruyuki’s ears. He finally realized it was being ripped from
Kuroyukihime’s throat next to him.
“Stop! Stop, stop!”
“K-Kuro—” Haruyuki gasped at how violently his own voice

shook as he called out to her.
Kuroyukihime glanced at Haruyuki but quickly turned her face
away and shook her head from side to side, over and over.
“Haruyuki…I…I’m…”
No other words followed.
Suddenly, her eyes, shining a bluish purple behind the mirrored surface of Kuroyukihime’s goggles, became narrow lines of
light and flowed from left to right before disappearing abruptly.
At the same time, almost like a robot with its power cut, the obsidian avatar’s whole body went limp, and the Black King crumbled to the floor of the blue-black crater with a dry crunching
sound.
“Kuroyuki…Kuroyukihime?” Uncomprehending, Haruyuki
could only, quavering, call out, kneel down, and gently shake the
slender avatar. But she did not react in any way.
“Zero Fill! Lotus, you…to go that far…” Niko cried in a low
voice from behind.
Unable to grasp the meaning of her words, Haruyuki started to
turn to her when there came a high-pitched laugh, and he froze.
“Hmm-hmm-hmm! Ha-ha-ha! Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
The cackle belonged to Yellow Radio, looking down from on
high as a king onto his kingdom. “Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh! Of
course. I thought you might still be strongly affected by this betrayal. That you would live up to my expectations and zero for me
is actually almost disappointing…simply going quietly and hiding
yourself in a hole, and so willingly! What of all your big talk about
wanting to get to level ten, hmm, Black Lotus?”
“Y-you…” The stammer leaked from Haruyuki’s throat like a
groan.

The Yellow King’s tone changed abruptly and filled the crater,
colored with a whiplike sharpness. “Now, then, let us enjoy the
final program of our carnival! Ready attacks! Target: Scarlet
Rain! Destroy without mercy any bit players who get in the way!!”
“Dammit!” Niko cursed and spread out the hands of her cute
avatar. “Come! Enhanced Arm—”
However, Takumu’s arm snaked out to grab her shoulder.
“You can’t, Red King! If you deploy your weapons, you’ll lose your
mobility and won’t be able to withdraw! Even if you are a King, a
fight with this many people is impossible for one person. Leave
subjugating Chrome Disaster for the moment, break through the
circle behind us, and retreat to the leave point in Sunshine City!”
His eyes, glittering pale blue from under the mask’s narrow
slits, turned to Haruyuki next. “Haru, take care of Master! I’ll
hold them off, so you just get her to Sunshine somehow!”
“B-but—If we do that, you’ll—”
“I don’t matter! Once these guys take down the Red King,
they’ll definitely go for Master! We can’t let that happen!”
Haruyuki could only nod at Takumu’s voice, clear and yet
tense.
“G-got it! Do what you can!” he shouted, grabbing Kuroyukihime’s body with his left hand.
“Commence attack!!”
The Yellow King dropped the right arm he had raised.

6
The first to come pouring down was, naturally, the torrential rain
of the distance attacks.
It might have been the Yellow Legion, but that didn’t mean
that all its members were in the yellow family—that the Legion
was made exclusively of Burst Linkers whose affinity was
midrange attacks. The group of thirty foes encircling the crater
looked like it included at least ten in the red family, and the number of beams and explosive rounds could more aptly be called
concentrated fire.
The majority of it was aimed at Niko, but the Red King dashed
backward and avoided the rounds admirably, with a nimbleness
that was a far cry from her fortress mode. However, one blue light
beam, whether targeted or a misfire, came straight for Haruyuki,
who was holding on to Kuroyukihime and unable to get his feet to
move.
“Ngh!” Although he tried twisting his body to avoid it, the
beam grazed his shoulder. Playing at being tough, he was laughing it off in his heart—Can’t even call that a scratch—when:
“Hnngh!”
Haruyuki’s back arched at the scorching heat suddenly generated in his shoulder.
When players took damage in a duel in Brain Burst, they were
given a pain stimulus on a level that was not possible with normal
Neurolinker apps. But the pain Haruyuki felt was twice that of a
normal duel.

Which meant something like: In addition to features like “no
time limit” and “can’t instantly withdraw,” this place, the Unlimited Neutral Field, increased the sensation of pain by an order of
magnitude when struck, as a risk to counterbalance the advantage of being able to earn points outside of duels.
After a slight lag, a number of small missiles rushed in above
Haruyuki’s head as he stood there.
“Heeey!” Howling, Cyan Pile came to stand before them,
blocking Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime with the Pile Driver device
in his right arm, aimed at the missiles.
The sharp iron spike launched with a metallic rasp, and the
majority of the enemy rounds exploded from the impact wave.
However, a few survived and struck the body sheathed in blue
armor. Flashes of light. Sounds of explosions.
“Gaaah!” he cried out and reeled back, but Takumu did not
fall. Instead, he turned his enormous body around, plumes of
smoke rising from it, and barked, “Haru! Run!”
“G-got it!”
Apologizing in his heart, Haruyuki started running, practically
dragging Kuroyukihime’s avatar along with him. In his path, Niko
had already drawn the gun on her hip and was firing blindly at
the enemies in position on the east side of the crater.
If they didn’t get out of this siege first, retreating or fighting
back would be impossible. Fortunately, because their foes had
spread themselves out along the entire hundred-meter-diameter
crater, the wall, as it were, was thin. If they could break through
in a single hit and get out onto Green Street, Sunshine City and
its leave point were right there.
Haruyuki, still holding Kuroyukihime under his arm, opened
the wings on his back. Thanks to that hit earlier, his special attack

gauge had increased, albeit by just a tiny bit. But it was enough to
make a sliding dash to the edge of the crater possible.
One point in the eastern circle was starting to come apart
thanks to Niko’s steady fire. Staring right at it, Haruyuki kicked
the ground with everything he had.
Then the voice of the Yellow King, smooth and cool while also
somehow discordant, echoed remarkably high behind him. “Silly
Go Round!!”
A special attack!
But it was too late! The edge of the crater was right in front of
his eyes—
“Waaah?!” Haruyuki reared at the phenomenon that abruptly
unfolded.
The world had started to turn. No, the truth was the inside and
outside of the crater were rotating in opposite directions, with the
edge as the border. The buildings in the background, and the
enemy duel avatars standing there, flowed from left to right at
high speed.
Around them, several toy horses had popped up at some point,
a transparent, hazy yellow, and were moving up and down together in a happy-go-lucky way. He even heard a sunny country
tune, but that, too, was eerie.
Immediately, Haruyuki lost his sense of balance and dropped
to one knee. He saw that Niko, right ahead of him, and Takumu,
at his side, were also bracing fiercely, their bodies swaying.
“Th-the field’s rotating?!” Haruyuki blurted, dazed, to which
the Red King replied sharply.
“It just looks like it’s rotating! The truth is, nothing’s moving!
Close your eyes and run!”

“But…which way?!” He already had absolutely no idea which
way was east, which was what he’d been aiming for. It would all
be for nothing if he charged forward blindly and ended up farther
away from the leave point.
“That way!”
“This way!”
Niko and Takumu simultaneously pointed in completely opposite directions.
Instantly, as if aiming to strike while they were frozen in place,
the surging wave of a volley spiraled in from the outer edge of the
crater and converged on them.
As he looked up at the multicolored line of fire, Haruyuki
knew in his gut that he wouldn’t be able to dodge. That trajectory
of the volley only looked like it was deeply arching. It only felt
curved because of Yellow Radio’s hallucination attack.
Thinking that at the very least he had to protect Kuroyukihime, he tried to cover the slim avatar beneath his outspread
wings.
But before he could, Takumu cried out, “Get down!!” Scooping
the three of them up in his strong arms, he covered them, as if
falling.
“Ta—” Haruyuki’s words as he opened his eyes wide were
erased by the fierce instrumental ensemble of explosions. His
field of view was painted white, and heat scorched his cheeks. The
stifled scream of his friend popped next to his ear.
“Ngaaaaaaah!!”
At that moment, every single kind of long-distance attack was
raining down in a fierce barrage on Takumu’s broad back. With
the pain from just one round scraping Silver Crow’s shoulder

being that intense, exactly what was the sum total of the agony
hammering Takumu’s nerves? Given the circumstances, it would
have to be even greater than what Haruyuki inflicted on himself
in his training room.
“Stop…Taku, stop already!” Haruyuki cried, trying to crawl out
from under his friend.
But the young man’s essentially steel arms held him even
tighter, locking him in place, while at the same time, he gasped.
“I-it’s okay, Haru. I have to…do this much…to pay you…”
“You don’t! You don’t have to! How many times do I have to
tell you that, Taku?!” Haruyuki shouted desperately, but the answer he got was more anguish. Each time he felt the shudder of a
direct hit, a cracking groan slipped out from the slits dividing
Cyan Pile’s mask.
Mixed with the sound of countless shots firing, the Yellow
King’s detestable voice just barely reached him. “Monstrous…
Burn that little puppet up already.”
The sound of several shots in concert came in response, but
Takumu did not fall.
The red Burst Linkers in this enemy group probably weren’t
very high level. And although Cyan Pile was still level four, he was
blue, a type emphasizing endurance. Thus, even taking this kind
of concentrated fire, he could keep going without falling. But that
also meant the agony Takumu himself was experiencing would be
drawn out until who knew when.
There was nothing left for Haruyuki to say. Takumu was prepared to continue protecting the three of them until the effectiveness of the Yellow King’s special attack wore off.
Likely having already guessed this, next to Haruyuki, Niko
said clearly, “Retreat in your mind at least, Cyan Pile. Thirty more

seconds.”
“Under…stood…”
An unpleasant rasp nearby erased Takumu’s voice, and
Haruyuki stared, dumbfounded, at three glittering chunks of
metal protruding slightly from the thick chest sheltering him.
At some point, the enemy fire around them stopped. In the
midst of the sunny and strange music of the merry-go-round,
Cyan Pile’s enormous body was lifted in a movement not of his
own volition.
Standing behind him was a blue-green duel avatar with basically the same physique. A remarkably massive right arm in the
middle of its unrefined form caught Haruyuki’s eye, reminding
him of heavy machinery used for public works projects. At the
end were three fiendish claws, which had pierced Cyan Pile’s
chest from behind.
One close-range type who’d been put on standby had probably
gotten exasperated and come flying down. Its goggles, the shape
of which reminded Haruyuki of the CRT monitors of the previous
century, blinked, and the avatar emitted a thick voice.
“I’d heard you do reasonably well among the young blues. Was
that just bravado, Cyan Pile, nothing more than empty boasting?”
The heavy machinery avatar yanked the skewered Takumu up
and sneered. “Heh-heh! Before you drop dead, listen good. The
one who defeated you was me, Saxe—”
“Not interested…in the name of an idiot,” Takumu rasped.
Raising his right arm, he pressed the launcher to the center of his
own chest.
“Lightning Cyan Spike!!”
With a weak but resolute cry, a bluish-white flash of light

surged from of the end of the cylinder. At the same time, a bolt of
lightning pierced Cyan Pile’s chest, to the heavy avatar’s right
arm, and then, by extension, its square head. Saxe so-and-so’s
right arm and goggles went flying with a crack, and both avatars
were tossed into the air before collapsing in a thunderous roar.
Because of the merry-go-round hallucination, they couldn’t accurately target their enemies, even close-up. But when the
enemy’s arm had you, it was a different story: a body had to be at
the other end of that arm.
“T-Taku!!” Haruyuki shouted.
Amazing, you really are amazing. Way stronger than me,
way smarter. I’m proud to be your friend. But he didn’t get the
chance to put the feelings rushing through his chest into words.
“Unh…Aaaaaugh!!” With his remaining strength, Takumu
leaned against the enemy avatar, which was pressing its left hand
to its face and writhing on the ground as it screamed.
A hoarse voice came Cyan Pile’s mask as he turned briefly toward Haruyuki. “The rest…is up to you, Haru.” And then, firmly
pinning the enemy down with both arms:
“Splash Stinger!!”
From the gap between the two bodies pressed together came
the sound of rapid fire, like a machine gun, and successive flashes
of light. The enemy’s thrashing ceased abruptly, and innumerable
fissures pitted the pair of avatars.
A moment later, two pillars of blue light in differing shades
soared high upward from the bottom of the crater. Takumu and
the enemy burst and scattered, fragments of polygons flying, and
then they were nowhere to be seen.
Meanwhile, the merry-go-round hallucination attack ended,

and the world took on its original aspect.
A moment’s silence filled the crater in what was once South Ikebukuro Park.
The shots from the outer edge had stopped as well, with just
the distant lightning and howling wind resounding heavily once
more.
There were limits to the duel avatars’ long-distance attacks—
overheating in the case of light beams, number of bullets for live
rounds. It wasn’t as if they could keep shooting forever. Even
making allowances for that, this silence was strange. They were
likely caught up in it, too. In the dreadful theater of the simultaneous deaths of Cyan Pile and the other one.
This is our chance to escape, Haruyuki thought. This was the
time Takumu literally laid down his life to create for them. But
for some reason, his feet didn’t move. Still raised up on one knee,
his thin avatar trembled all over.
A feeling he couldn’t explain swirled in the depths of his chest.
A sense of helplessness due to his inability to act while his friend
protected him. Rage at the Yellow King and this cowardly plan
that toyed with other people’s emotions. And more than either of
those, directed at the pitch-black avatar hanging limp, as if its
power had been severed, still clutched in his right arm—
“Kuroyukihime…Kuroyukihime.” Haruyuki squeezed a voice
like a groan from the depths of his throat. “Kuroyukihime. Why…
why won’t you stand up…?”
“It’s pointless, Silver Crow,” Niko muttered. Making her footsteps resound loudly, the Red King came to stand directly over
the petite figure.
“Zero fill. Right now, the signal output by the girl’s soul, which
is supposed to be communicating with the avatar, is at zero, so

the system’s overwhelmed. Without a Burst Linker with the will
to fight, the avatar can’t move. The duel avatar’s power source is
the heat of the heart of the person inside it. If you don’t have the
strength to face your own wounds, you can’t even stand up. That’s
what this Brain Burst game’s about. And this girl understands
that, so much that she hates it. Even if you get it, it’s a problem
you can’t do anything about.”
Once she had explained all this in hushed tones, Niko glanced
back at Haruyuki. “Sorry. I know Cyan Pile sacrificed himself to
buy us time, but…I can’t run. I didn’t train all that time just to go
running all helter-skelter here. You’re good. You take the girl and
get out of here.”
The girl’s crimson avatar looked like it was burning up. It
wasn’t an illusion. Around the foot that had stepped forward,
Haruyuki actually saw faint flames rising.
It was reckless. The enemy battalion was still essentially unharmed. There was no way she could win.
Even as he told himself he should do as reason dictated and
run, he couldn’t move. He felt like something would be decisively
lost from him and from Kuroyukihime if he ran off and left Niko
here, and, still crouching on the spot, Haruyuki whispered in return, “I won’t run. I’m not going to run off and leave a friend behind!”
“Friend…You’re really a hardcore idiot. Well, you do what you
want,” Niko muttered after a brief moment of speechlessness, as
if dazed, and then took another step forward.
The Red King stretched her right arm out straight ahead,
jabbed a fingertip at the Yellow King standing at the western edge
of the crater, and shouted, “Yellow Radio! That special-attack
gauge you so diligently charged up before making your awesome
appearance is totally empty! Now it’s my turn to pay you back.
Don’t forget, if I take you out, you get banished forever, right

there on the spot!!”
As if overawed, the Yellow King’s clown avatar retreated a half
step.
Niko responded with another step forward and threw her arms
open. “Come! Enhanced Armament!!”
An inferno raged suddenly, and the avatar engulfed by it
floated up gently. From the surrounding sky, armament containers covered in flames sprang up one after another and began converging on the girl from all sides. The shoulder missile pods, the
thick armor skirt, the thrusters on her back—and the terrifyingly
huge main weapons in place of her arms.
Finally displaying the true form implied by her second name,
Immobile Fortress, the Red King Scarlet Rain struck the center of
the crater with a heavy, rumbling shock, and white gas plumed
from her entire body.
The collective discomposure of the thirty avatars surrounding
them was clear even to Haruyuki. Because the Yellow Legion had
their headquarters on the east side of Tokyo, they didn’t have
many chances for contact with the Red Legion, which ruled Nerima and Nakano in the west. The majority had never even
watched a battle with Niko in the gallery, much less fought her directly themselves. The enormity of Scarlet Rain’s true form, so
large that she could barely be called a duel avatar, struck them
dumb. The same way it had struck Haruyuki the day before yesterday.
The sound of Niko’s quiet voice, with strong effects applied,
reached Haruyuki, who was holding his breath anxiously. “Hey,
Silver Crow. Sorry, but you just take care of any close-range opponents sticking to my butt.”
“G-got it. But…Kuroyukihime…”

“These jerks won’t touch the girl. Not until they take me down,
anyway. If I get done in, don’t sweat it, fly out of here with Lotus.”
Done in—In this situation, that meant the forced uninstallation of Niko’s Brain Burst.
Before Haruyuki could say anything in response, the Yellow
King looked down on them from on high and cried out even more
venomously, “There is no need to fear! That thing is just a fixed
fort; if you glue yourself to her, she’s simply a lump of steel!”
He threw his right hand up. “Close-range team, you’re up!
Long-distance team, support! Now go!!”
His arm flashed with yellow reflections as he brought it down,
and the roar of a war cry rang out as fifteen or so duel avatars
surged forward as one from the outer edge of the crater.
As if acting in concert, the missile pods on Niko’s shoulders
deployed with a crisp metallic clack. Dozens of seeker heads poking out shone red and fired, leaving a trail of white smoke.
Fanning out into a semicircle, the missiles flew straight up before spreading out and raining down on the enemy duel avatars
on the ground. Some pulled up in a dash, others tried to drop into
defensive postures, and the force of the charge slackened.
Scarlet Rain immediately sighted two standing frozen with the
main weapons of her arms. The ruby-colored heat beam these
weapons released with shrill resonance swallowed the unfortunate Burst Linkers whole. The lump of energy briefly swelled into
a sphere before quickly destabilizing into a fierce explosion.
The denotation erupted into a pillar of fire, and light the same
color as each of the avatar’s armors rose into the sky. Their HP
gauges were blown away, disassembled, annihilated.
One shot! Haruyuki shuddered. At the same time, he thought,

If that’s how this is…then maybe.
However, the long-distance avatars had finished recharging
and launched a bombardment from outside the crater. Given
Scarlet Rain’s enormous size and immobility, there was no way
they could miss, and every shot was absorbed by the crimson
fortress.
Explosions bloomed all over her body, but the Red King didn’t
even flinch. In response, she turned toward the crest of the crater
and began unloading on them with her four machine guns.
Her only answer to the long-distance attacks at the moment
was to endure. Haruyuki clenched his teeth tightly and laid
Kuroyukihime’s avatar down.
Niko had said that a Burst Linker couldn’t move until she
healed the wounds in her heart. This was something Haruyuki
was familiar with.
Three months earlier, back around the time when he had just
learned about the existence of the Accelerated World, Haruyuki
had fought his good friend Takumu—Cyan Pile—to protect
Kuroyukihime. And he had been beaten horribly, swallowed up
by his own insignificance and helplessness, and ended up not
even being able to stand next to the unconscious Kuroyukihime’s
avatar.
If, at that time, he hadn’t heard Kuroyukihime’s voice—either
a hallucination or she had actually communicated with him—
Haruyuki probably wouldn’t have been able to fight again. The
hidden potential of Silver Crow—the ability to fly—would not
have awakened, and he would have lost everything.
So now, Haruyuki did not feel despair or even anger at
Kuroyukihime’s inability to move.
He was sad. He didn’t know why, but he couldn’t help feeling

sad.
Closing his eyes tightly, Haruyuki removed his hand from the
ebon avatar and stood up. He started running in a straight line. In
his sights was a close-range avatar trying to get onto Niko’s back.
It was olive green in color, and the tips of its ridiculously long and
thick arms were U-shaped metal.
Seeing Haruyuki en route, his opponent gave a guttural howl.
“Shoo, small fry!” It turned the U of its left arm toward Haruyuki
and continued shouting.
“Magnetron Waaaaave!”
As the avatar uttered its technique, purple lightning gushed
out and captured Haruyuki. However, rather than being damaged, Silver Crow’s slim avatar was yanked up by an incredible
force and snapped onto the U with a harsh clanking.
“Hee-hee! Metal colors get sucked in so nicely!” Olive Green
shouted and started pummeling him with his right hand.
Guard against these blows with both arms, Haruyuki thought
calmly. From the name, this special attack probably pulled in opponents with magnetism. In which case, there should be a time
limit. And given that the technique completely immobilized an
opponent, that was at most maybe ten seconds.
Haruyuki abruptly stretched his arms out to cover his opponent’s scope-shaped eyes. Then he spread his wings and took off
in one go.
“Hey! You! Let me go!”
Pulling airborne both the magnet affixed to his chest and his
struggling opponent, Haruyuki quickly flew up to a height of a
few dozen meters. The surge of purple emitted by the magnet disappeared abruptly, and his opponent knocked Haruyuki’s arm

away with his free right hand.
“You trying to blind me? That’s not gonna damage—Aaaah?!”
His challenger shrieked as he realized his situation—plummeting from a ridiculous altitude without a handhold in sight—but
Haruyuki paid no attention and dove at full speed. Overtaking the
magnetic avatar in the sky, he pointed his legs into his best approximation of a cylinder and charged.
“Yaaaaah!!” With a yell, he pierced the back of a drill-equipped
avatar that had tried to jump Niko. He slashed a left overhand
into the seams of his target’s neck armor, punching him into the
surface of the ground with a thunderous slam.
“Ah! Gah! Aaaah!”
Just as he leapt away from his enemy, who was screeching at
having had two vertebrae gouged out, the magnet avatar crashed
out of the sky in front of him. This one was also unable to move,
convulsing from the shock that had slammed its entire body.
But a sudden blow caught Haruyuki’s right cheek as he was
about to take off to finish the the two. Sent flying spectacularly,
he ended up tumbling along the ground. A fierce pain ripped
through his mouth as if his molars were shattering, and sparks
flew before him.
This third enemy closed on Haruyuki, who forced himself to
ignore the pain and sparks and jump to his feet. A pale blue
karate uniform covered a body as square as if carved from stone.
The mask, which closely resembled an Easter Island statue, was
funny, but the threat hidden in the avatar’s rocklike fists could be
seen at a glance. It was a weaponless, extremely close-range type,
and this sort of orthodox avatar was actually terrifying.
Likely experienced in a crisis, the karate master avatar came
after him following a suitable pause. Without wasting its breath

on pointless chatter, it suddenly delivered a right front kick.
Silver Crow’s extremely slender body proved fortunate in that
he managed to dodge the direct impact. But sparks scattered
where the blow clipped his left flank, and his HP bar dropped. He
launched a left Punch in counterattack, but this was blocked by a
massive right arm, like hitting a tree trunk.
In the event that a metal color ends up in close combat with a
type specialized in blows, against which metals are weak…Unexpectedly, a lecture from Kuroyukihime he had heard at some
point resurfaced in Haruyuki’s brain. Do not panic and guard or
try to hit back; instead, turn aside the enemy’s attacks and use
that power. With your reaction speed, it’s possible. Understand?
Don’t forget that no matter how mighty the fist, it is slower than
a bullet.
“Hiyaaah!!” The karate avatar let fly a thick battle cry and
thrust forward the face of his fist.
Haruyuki squashed his terror and stared at the mitt, which
was encased in a blue aura and approaching fast. Falling backward, he would apply his left hand below his enemy’s fist and his
right foot to the enemy’s stomach.
“Hah!” As he shouted, he flapped the wings on his back as
hard as he could for an instant. Using the thrust generated as a
catapult, the force of Haruyuki’s right foot and his counterpunch
sent the clumsy karate master soaring into the air.
“Niko! Above you!” Haruyuki cried, and instantly, the missiles
on Scarlet Rain’s shoulders were brought together and launched,
every one of them seizing on the karate avatar in the sky. It
crashed to earth, swallowed in multiple, reddish-black explosions
and trailing a tail of smoke before turning into a light blue pillar
of light and vanishing.
“Ooh, for as weak as you look, you do reasonably well, Silver

Crow.”
“Well, thanks!” he called back at Niko’s insult, and bracing
himself to face the next enemy without letting his guard down,
Haruyuki stared at the jet-black avatar still lying a slight distance
away.
She’s—Kuroyukihime’s definitely not some flawless superhero. She’s a teenager like me, a girl who’s easily hurt. Haruyuki
had never once forgotten this, ever since the time he saw
Kuroyukihime shed tears at his own thoughtlessness. However,
that said, the admiration and adoration inside of Haruyuki was
not diminished in the least.
It wasn’t her strength.
It was the determination to be strong itself. Haruyuki was absolutely drawn to her spirit and the way it shone, trying to fight
back against any and all adversity.
Which is why you’ll stand up again. I don’t know what your
relationship with the former Red King was, but you’ll get over
that memory and stand up for me. Right?!
When he uttered this soundless cry beneath his silver mask,
the enemy legion’s attack, which had temporarily slackened,
started up again, even fiercer than before. The remaining closerange types didn’t even number ten, but they were charging from
all directions. The long-range barrage to support them fell like
heavy rain.
“Is that all you got?!” Niko roared, deploying with a crack both
main weapons on her sides, the missile pods, and the machine
guns.
They erupted in fire all at once. Before they did, though, a
strange noise disturbed Haruyuki’s hearing. A high-frequency
grating sound, like static, shook the air. At the same time, he saw

double, triple.
The missiles launched by Scarlet Rain abruptly went into a
tailspin and struck the wrong places. The main weapon beams
targeting the long-range types on the outside of the crater also
turned away from their intended targets and hit a building in the
distance, causing a faint explosive rumbling.
“Dammit! They’re jamming me!” Niko cried in a low voice.
“It’s not Radio…It’s one of his yellow subordinates! Find them!”
“R-right!” Haruyuki spread his wings, kicked hard on the
ground, and flew up.
However…
Two wires snaking up from the ground wrapped themselves
around his ankles. Immediately yanked back down, he slammed
into the ground hard. The impact knocked the breath out of him,
but Haruyuki moved to bring his hand down sharply like a sword
to free himself of the wires.
“Shock Therapy!!”
“Ngh…!!”
Together with a voice calling out the name of someone’s attack, bluish-white lightning suddenly surged through Haruyuki’s
body, assailing him with an intense shock. When he looked, he
saw a mechanical avatar at a distance from him. Wires stretched
from both arms, sparking energetically from a device it carried
that looked like an old electrical transformer.
The stun effect seemed to be the main attack. Haruyuki took
almost no damage, but, unable to make his body do what he
wanted, he couldn’t get free of the wires around his ankles.
“Unngh!”

The electricity-generating avatar showered the groaning
Haruyuki with a high-pitched, scornful laugh. “Hee-hee-hee-hee!
You just sleep there for a while, brat! Until we’ve peeled away
every bit of the Red King!!”
Just like the avatar said, he could see several close-range types
flying toward Niko’s fortress avatar. They started attaching themselves to her guns’ blind spots and peppering the joints of her Enhanced Armament with punches and kicks. Orange sparks flew,
bolts popped, and first one and then another thick armor plate
was ripped off.
Desperately fighting to roll over against the current numbing
his entire body, Haruyuki tried to turn toward the electricity-generating avatar and inch in its direction. But the current didn’t
seem to be weakening in the slightest, and he couldn’t even turn
his head.
What can I do? What am I going to do? What am I supposed
to do at a time like this, Kuroyukihime? If I don’t…If I don’t
hurry, Niko will—
As he raised a despairing voice in his head, Haruyuki heard a
laugh rich with inflection ringing out from high on the distant
outer edge of the crater.
“Ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
The Yellow King, Yellow Radio. Long, thin body and doublepointed hat shaking, he expressed his joy with pantomimes.
“How! How uncouth! How funny you look! The dignity of a King
and all that…Not a shred of that here, is there?! You two were
unfit to call yourselves Kings after all, that’s what this is!! Because
the Red is an upstart and an imposter!! And the Black, well, she is
a cowardly traitor, isn’t she?!”
Over his merciless contempt, Haruyuki heard a metallic creaking. And then the thin voice of a girl in pain.

“Ah…Ah!”
Quickly turning his gaze, Haruyuki saw a large, close-range
avatar standing on Scarlet Rain’s missile launcher, holding her
left main weapon. The avatar was using its entire body to forcefully twist the enormous armament. Sparks flew like flames magnificently from the joint, almost like fresh blood. Finally, with a
remarkably fierce wrenching sound, the main armament was torn
off.
At the base, the left arm of Niko’s real body dangled, snapped
off at the elbow. Niko’s scream poured out unchecked, and the
roar of the elated enemy avatar raising the weapon high blended
together with it.
“Yesssss! This is what the Red King is! Guys, peel back every
bit of skin and drag that kid out!! We’ll humiliate her plenty, right
up until her gauge runs out!!”
Haruyuki clenched his teeth until they almost cracked and
scratched desperately at the earth with the outstretched fingers of
his right arm. Ahead of them, the Black Lotus avatar lay covered
in dust, the light completely gone from her eyes.
“Kuroyukihime…Kuroyukihime.” Haruyuki pushed a hoarse
voice from a throat tingling at the stun effect.
Behind him, the sound of her remaining weapons fired continually, likely Niko’s final push. Feeling the vibration of the empty
explosions, Haruyuki called out once more.
“You…Is this what you want? Is this how your game ends?”
In the back of his mind, he faintly saw the image of the reallife Kuroyukihime and Niko sleeping against each other as he’d
seen them the night before. Haruyuki couldn’t even guess at what
that scene symbolized, what these two girls really wanted. But the
one thing he was sure of was that everything was about to end.

That the faint bond accidentally created one night was about to
be cruelly severed.
“Kuroyukihime…Black King!!” Haruyuki screamed, mustering
every last bit of strength remaining to him.
The mental wounds Kuroyukihime was confronting now were
no doubt so deep Haruyuki couldn’t begin to understand them.
She had almost certainly continued all this time to regret from
the bottom of her heart the impulsive act of betrayal that had
banished the first Red King—her companion, her friend—forever
from the Accelerated World.
Or maybe she and Red Rider were something more than companions or friends. Maybe she had attacked someone like that.
But…
Even if that were so…
“What acceleration is to you!! What Brain Burst is!!” Fighting
the charge to bring his clenched fist down violently on the
ground, Haruyuki howled passionately. “Is this all it was, all your
ambition to reach the untrodden ground of level ten and see the
future of this world?! Was it such a cheap thing that it can be replaced by the memory of one guy?! You were trying to go beyond
your human shell…and now you’re just going to be paralyzed by
past regrets and crawl around forever like a bug?! You don’t have
time for this! I thought you decided that you were going to cut
down every obstacle, mow them all down, and keep charging forward until you were the last one standing! Black Lotus!!”
Clink.
He was probably hallucinating that he saw the obsidian tip of her
splayed right arm twitch.

No, he wasn’t—he could see a violet light blinking faintly in the
depths of the goggles of the ink black form, like a very distant,
fixed star. It pulsed—throb, throb—with a weak flicker that made
him think of the glowing ember of a soul.
“Kuro…yu…,” Haruyuki whispered.
Bzz!
A strong vibration detonated. It was the sound of two eyes glittering fiercely beneath those goggles.
A light of the same color filled the crease lines of the semitransparent armor from head to toe, like carved onyx. As it did,
the dust covering her body blew away, restoring a fresh reflective
sheen. Finally, the swords of her arms and legs chimed loudly.
Haruyuki could only stare, lump in his throat, at the jet-black
avatar rising, as if gently pulled by an invisible thread. Standing
straight, Black Lotus flicked the tips of her legs, floating slightly
above the ground, and started moving in a leisurely hover. Still
gripped by the electric shocks and lying on his side, she drew
close to Silver Crow and stopped abruptly.
“Haruyuki.” Her voice was the usual, gentle and severe.
“Yes,” Haruyuki replied, suppressing a sob, and she started
murmuring with her familiar, bitter smile.
“Look. The way you spoke before, it was almost as if Rider and
I had been in love, yes?”
“Y-you weren’t?”
“We absolutely were not. I told you, you’re the first. And…
don’t just keep rolling around. Thrust a hand into the ground.”
“Huh?…O-okay.”

Haruyuki did as he was told and brought together his sharp
fingertips, thrusting them into the dry earth before him. The instant he did, he could feel the sparks binding his body seep
quickly into the ground, and he cried out, “O-of course! Earth…”
“If you think about the technique affinity and characteristics,
you should be able to handle them even on a first encounter. It
seems I still have a lot to teach you.”
He heard a pathetic sniffle from behind, and Haruyuki turned
his face back to see the electricity-generating avatar gradually retreating, white smoke rising up from the transformer on its back.
“You can handle the rest, yes? I’m going to go look after the little girl who got caught in a trap.” She had barely even finished the
nonchalant remark when the sky boomed and her raven-like
avatar disappeared.
A dash with absolutely no preparation, so swift it was terrifying. Kuroyukihime, plunging ahead several dozen meters like a
beam of darkness, appeared the next instant beside the enemy’s
close-combat leader, striking a pose on top of Niko.
“Whoa!” A startled cry slipping out, the enemy avatar abandoned the red artillery he’d been holding, unfurled hands with
abnormally tough fingers, and danced toward Kuroyukihime.
Just from the fact that it had ripped Niko’s main armament off
through brute strength alone, it was likely not a pugilist type, but
rather a grappling-technique duel avatar.
Despite this, Kuroyukihime inexplicably stuck her right arm
straight out, practically asking to be grabbed. The enemy’s eyes
blazed fiercely, and arms struck out like snakes to take hold of
Black Lotus’s arm in two places.

“Gotcha! One Way Thr—” Shouting the technique as it angled its
body around, the avatar hoisted the captive arm against its right
shoulder and took on a posture for a one-armed throw.
And with that motion, something spilled down, falling in
pieces.
Ten thick, curved cylinders: Fingers. The fingers the enemy
used to clench the swords that were Kuroyukihime’s arms were
severed against the blades by virtue of their own strength.
“Sorry, but grappling techniques basically have no effect on
me,” she said to the frozen enemy as she started bearing down,
arching the arm still braced against the avatar’s shoulder in a
downward diagonal.
A thin ray of light escaped from the right shoulder to the left
flank. From there, the enemy avatar’s muscular torso slid
smoothly away and dropped to the ground, leaving 70 percent of
its body behind.
“Ah! Ga—Gaaaaaah!!” Although it apparently still had HP
since it didn’t disappear, given its situation, disappearing would
no doubt have been preferable.
No longer interested in the enemy shrieking at the pain of having been bisected and bouncing around on the ground with its remaining arm, Kuroyukihime glared in turn at the seven or eight
close-range combatants still surrounding her.
“It’s nothing personal, but anyone who engages me must inevitably experience amputation.” Her tone was calm, but its violent undertones made everyone on the battlefield hold their
breath.
“So…don’t go telling me now you don’t want it!” she called out
sonorously, and she leapt to attack the first unfortunate avatar

like a bird of prey. The high-pitched sound of metal endlessly
screeching and the desperate, angry voices of the surrounding
Burst Linkers immediately filled the air.
Deciding that she would be fine if he left her to that for the
time being, Haruyuki turned again toward the electricity-generating avatar that still had him ensnared in its wires.
The instant their eyes met, the enemy reared back. His face resembled an old gauge, and he held a single hand out. “Hey, hold
on. The battery’s recharging now—”
“As if I’m going to wait!!” Haruyuki yelled, grabbing the two
wires tied to his ankles with both hands and pulling before kicking off the earth and ascending in one fluid motion.
“Aaah!”
He gained altitude, still dangling the struggling enemy, and
started turning in circles while hovering.
“Wah! Aah! Aaah!”
After adding sufficient centrifugal force to his opponent so
that its prolonged scream rose and fell with the doppler effect,
Haruyuki released the wires. The bulky robotic avatar flew toward the south with incredible force, and a small crash echoed
somewhere amidst a group of buildings there.
Somewhat dizzy himself, Haruyuki shook his head hard before
looking down and gazing in wonder at the aspect of the battle unfolding. Perhaps it would have been more accurate at that point
to call it a “massacre” rather than a “duel.”
The blue close-range avatars mostly fought with their own fists
and feet, or hand-to-hand weapons like swords and hammers. So
if two blue avatars went up against each other, the basic strategy
would be to exchange attacks and guard while aiming for any

gaps that appeared in their opponent’s defenses.
But although Kuroyukihime—Black Lotus—was at first glance
an extremely close-range type, given that her limbs were actual
swords, every single motion was an attack.
Obviously, this included purposeful action like cutting and
thrusting, but if an opponent’s fist caught her arm, that fist was
severed, and the movement of her legs could shred her opponent
if she simply chased them down. She brooked no contact at all;
everything that touched her was dissected—she was, without
doubt, the water lily of black death.
Her figure, fighting as if dancing, was absurdly beautiful and
so cold it was almost sad.
In the span of a mere minute or two, the majority of the
enemy’s infantry had either been annihilated or rendered helpless
by the intense pain of severed limbs that left them rolling around
on the ground.
“Aauuugh!!” The enormous Burst Linker that was the last of
the close-range types howled thickly, abruptly. Brandishing a
long sword with a fat blade over its head, it moved to strike
Kuroyukihime headlong.
Its speed and timing were impressive. Unable to avoid the
blade, a steel-colored bolt of lightning thundering down—
Kuroyukihime stopped it on the intersecting swords of her arms.
Skreeee!
A high-frequency, ear-piercing screech rang out. Dazzling
sparks flew from the point of contact, and movement on both
sides stopped. Followed by successive, high-pitched metallic
creaks. The silver and black swords increased the depths at which
they bit into each other with each second.

Haruyuki couldn’t determine in that moment which carved
into which. But the warrior avatar with the sword contorted its
grinning, demonic mask into a sneer.
“Ha!” The warrior’s low voice cried out at the same instant
that Kuroyukihime’s arms, directly beneath his sword, disengaged themselves and immediately sliced out to the sides.
Falling soundlessly were the warrior avatar’s head and the top
half of the enormous sword. Kuroyukihime ruthlessly pierced the
head tumbling to the ground with the tip of her left leg, its eyes
still wide-open, as if unable to comprehend what was happening.
A pillar of light soared up, and the enemy avatar shattered like
glasswork and disappeared.
Once again, a few seconds of silence.
Breaking that silence came a short voice issuing from the distant edge of the crater. “Why?”
In a tone so flat it made Haruyuki wonder if he had finally lost
the composure that had kept him going up to now, the Yellow
King whined, as if moaning, “Why do you appear now and obstruct the circus carnival I’ve been preparing all these years?
After curling up and hiding in some little hole somewhere for two
years, why?”
The upturned eyes carved into the clown’s laughing face filled
with a white phosphorescence. He spread arms like dead twigs
out to his sides, jumped up onto one leg, and shook his head from
left to right. Suddenly from beneath the mask, there slipped the
short, staccato beats of laughter. The Yellow King pointed accusingly at Kuroyukihime with his right hand, muttering in a voice
swiftly regaining its derisive color.
“Does this mean you’ve already forgotten? The friend of ours
you betrayed and beheaded? I wonder where he is and what he’s
doing now. I don’t suppose he’s dwelling on the fact that he can

never return to the Accelerated World…or the certain someone
responsible for that, hmm? I, for one, certainly cannot forget it. A
straightforward duel is one thing, but that sort of surprise attack…Hmm?”
Listening to the sneering, throaty chuckle, Haruyuki screamed
in his heart. You can’t listen to him. He’s just trying to incapacitate you again.
However, Haruyuki couldn’t bring himself to actually utter the
words. He could see that these two—the Black King and the Yellow King—shared a history that no one could come between, a
history training together since the early days of the Accelerated
World and of friendship until the incident two years before.
Haruyuki descended gently and stood directly behind the halfdemolished, silent Scarlet Rain and Black Lotus standing next to
her. He prayed fervently, somewhere deep inside, that they not
lose.
Suddenly, Kuroyukihime’s right arm came up without a sound.
She turned its obsidian edge, unblemished by even a single
scratch despite the fierce battle, straight at the Yellow King.
“You’ve got one thing wrong, Yellow Radio,” the Black King declared, her voice crystalline and clear.
“Oh? And what’s that? You can’t possibly mean to say that that
wasn’t a cowardly ambush?”
“No. That you think your head carries the same weight for me
as Red Rider’s. Shall I tell you something else? You see, I…”
Kuroyukihime brandished her right arm to the side with a clink
and said, “I have hated you from the very moment we first met!”
The Yellow King threw his upper body back with a start.
Kuroyukihime glanced back quickly and yelled, “Rain, your remaining weapons have finished charging, yes?! Crow, protect

her!! I’m going!!”
She set off a savage dash, carving a rut into the bottom of the
crater.
“Hey! Rest a little longer!”
It was Niko who cursed at her. She made her remaining
weapon—the right-hand one—and the half-destroyed missile
pods click into place and pointed them at what was left of the
enemy’s long-range battalion, which was arrayed on the edge of
the crater.
Neither had Haruyuki just been standing idly and listening to
the exchange between Kuroyukihime and Yellow Radio. Taking
advantage of the dozen seconds of cease-fire, he’d been looking
for something: the enemy’s midrange avatar that was the source
of the signal for the jamming attack.
There! Haruyuki’s heart cried when he spotted a yellow type
on the northern face of the crater, lurking behind a red type as if
hiding. The pods mounted on either of its shoulders were deployed, and a light effect of concentric circles was being generated from the parabolic antenna protruding from the center.
No sooner had he spied this figure, which practically screamed
radio attack in progress, than Haruyuki was springboarding off
the ground.
However, it was a full thirty meters from the center of the
crater to its outer edge. No matter how speedy Silver Crow might
have been, he wouldn’t be able to cover that distance in an instant; there’d be just enough time for the big gun of the red bodyguard to get him in its sights.
Something chillingly cold ran up Haruyuki’s spine. He was
being targeted by a gun on an open plane with no cover. This was
the exact scenario responsible for his winning slump these last

few months.
He would just have to dodge it. If he didn’t take down that
jamming avatar, Niko’s firepower would stay locked up. In which
case, the gunfire of the red avatars still going strong in the enemy
array would focus on Kuroyukihime, necessarily impeding her
showdown with the Yellow King.
The tide of this battle likely hinged with whether or not
Haruyuki could dodge this one bullet.
His hands and feet chilled to numbness at this overwhelming
pressure. His vision narrowed, and only the darkness of the gun
barrel grew larger. It was hopeless. There was no way he could
dodge in this situation. In the stillness of his virtual training
room, he could only barely avoid the projectile 30 percent of the
time.
No. This situation is different from that white room.
Because this gun was attached to the avatar holding it. A
sniper-type duel avatar, large-lensed eyes glittering on a brown,
camouflage-patterned body. Instead of the gun, he should watch
the guy. He should watch for a sign telegraphing the pull of the
trigger.
Instantly, everything but the enemy avatar disappeared from
Haruyuki’s field of view. He forgot even the battlefield, his wide
eyes capturing only the figure of his opponent readying its rifle.
The back of the enemy’s neck stiffened abruptly, its right
shoulder went up a few millimeters, and its right arm shook—
Here it comes!
—and its right finger squeezed the trigger, the muzzle flickering white.

By that time, his body was already twisting, barreling left.
The air whizzed past his ears, and the heat beam skimmed his
chest and right shoulder before flowing off behind him. Ignoring
the gouge of scorching heat, Haruyuki plunged ahead the final
ten meters, slipped close past the side of the enemy sniper, and
sprang at the midrange type behind it.
With hands flat, he chopped at the antennas stationed on the
shoulders of the radio-wave avatar, who looked profoundly
stunned. The moment the delicate device was smashed, Haruyuki
crouched, only to fly straight up.
Niko!!
He wasn’t certain whether or not this shout in his mind
reached her, but the instant the jamming ceased, Scarlet Rain’s
remaining weapons fired all at once.
Assailants on her right flank were mowed down by the heat
beam of her main cannon, and missiles rained down on her left,
launching a curtain of flames as if tracing the outer edge of the
crater. Naturally, the enemy army was not completely destroyed
with this one volley, but the long-distance attacks that had been
targeting Black Lotus and fired at random dropped en masse into
silence.
The sound of explosions died down, but the quiet that was
briefly born was pierced by a howl, a raging fire from Kuroyukihime.
“Radio!!”
The sword of her right arm drew a black arc. Split soundlessly
in two, dancing in the air, was the right corner of Yellow Radio’s
enormous hat.
“Lotus!!” the Yellow King answered back angrily in a voice

lacking even the slightest hint of the teasing lilt it had held up to
that point. He offered a counterblow with a long, large, batonshaped weapon he had produced from somewhere. With her left
arm-sword, Kuroyukihime knocked aside the thrust launched at
her, drawing out a yellow line. The sparks that flew lit up the pair
brilliantly.
Haruyuki landed on the stabilizer extending prominently from
Niko’s back, the Red King continuing to launch intermittent cover
fire, and he stared, half-stunned, at the fierce fight beginning on
the western end of the crater.
It went without saying that this was the first fight between
Kings—level-nine Burst Linkers—he had seen.
It was likely that could have been said about anyone there—including the two participants themselves.
The current Kings of Pure Color, except for Niko, had reached
level nine at basically the same time two and some years earlier.
They had then learned of the harsh sudden-death rule to advance
to level ten and had held a roundtable meeting to avoid fighting
to the death.
At that meeting, Black King Black Lotus had killed the first
Red King, Red Rider, with a surprise critical hit. That was the
first and last time a King had defeated a King. The Black King,
hunted ever since as a traitor, had hidden herself for two years in
the Umesato local net, and the other Kings had concluded a mutual nonaggression pact and no longer ventured out of their respective territories.
Which is why this was the first time since the founding of the
Accelerated World that two level nines had crossed blades in so
natural a duel.
Haruyuki. And Niko. And the dozen or so remaining Yellow
Legion members who had at some point stopped their attacks,

held their breath, and watched the tide of the fight.
They’re so fast! Haruyuki let a sigh of admiration slip out in
his heart.
If he didn’t concentrate, all he could see were mysterious bolts
of lightning popping off in succession in the area where the pair
faced off. The Black King slashed out four, five times in a row; the
Yellow King admirably stopped the blows with his baton, twirling
in a frenzy; and then he kicked out a long leg, not missing the
slight opening she left. Each time Kuroyukihime blocked one of
these Kicks with her leg, shock waves spread out like ripples on
the water and distorted the background.
Perhaps because of these successive and incredibly high-powered attacks, cracks started to radiate out from beneath the feet of
both fighters, and pieces of rubble began flying. As the air filled
with a colorless pressure, the light emitted by their armor seemed
to increase in strength.
“…Nearly there,” Niko muttered, and Haruyuki replied reflexively with a question.
“Wh-where?”
“Their special-attack gauges should be just about full. The real
show starts now.”
Before the last word had faded from his ears, a remarkable
crash exploded, and both fighters moved away from each other,
as if propelled by it.
Instead of springing back into the fight, Kuroyukihime
leisurely lowered her hips and set her left arm sideways in front
of her body, notching the sword of her right arm perpendicularly
at the peak of the first. A pulsing violet light engulfed the long
blade in tandem with a low-frequency vibration shaking the air.

Facing her, Yellow Radio crossed both arms in front of his
body and inserted the yellow baton between his fingertips. The
spheres attached to either end of the wand also emitted a cyclic
light.
Haruyuki felt the rapidly increasing pressure touch his cheek,
as if it were shooting out in bits and pieces. He had witnessed a
glimpse of the power of a King’s special attack during his duel
with Niko. The enormous beam that shot out from one of her
main weapons had casually blown the uppermost part of the
Shinjuku Government Office onto the other side of the duel field.
What would happen if you got hit by an attack with that level
of potential at such close range?
“…It’s not power that decides this. It’s speed.” Niko’s murmuring reached Haruyuki’s ears again as he kept his eyes wide-open
and forgot to breathe.
“Huh? Wh-what do you mean?”
“No matter how you slice it, Lotus’s special attack is direct.
Against that, Radio’s prob’ly got a hallucination. Which means
the whole thing hangs on whether or not Lotus can deliver her
blow before Radio’s attack is effective.”
Haruyuki gulped hard.
The steeply inclined sun dropped a single ray of red light
through a gap in black clouds, red light that glinted off the obsidian sword.
Black Lotus called in a clear voice, “Death by Pier—”
At the same time, Yellow Radio shouted, “Futile Fortune Wa
—”
However…

The two voices, simultaneously calling out their two attacks,
failed to utter their final syllables.
Thuk.
This dry sound, quite small and yet carrying an overwhelming
presence, silenced the voices of the two Kings.
It was the sound of something piercing the vibrant yellow
chest armor of Yellow Radio from behind.
Kuroyukihime halted her attack midway. Haruyuki, Niko, the
other Burst Linkers, and the Yellow King himself all simply stared
at the silver-gray metal protruding neatly from the armor and extending out about fifteen centimeters.

7
“Wh-who is—?” Haruyuki croaked in something that couldn’t
rightly be called a voice.
Approaching the hypervigilant Yellow King from behind unnoticed, and on top of that piercing his armor like it was made of
paper, without even using a special attack. But even more importantly, who on earth would think to jump into a direct clash between Kings?
Almost as if it had heard Haruyuki speak, a shadow oozed out
from behind the Yellow King. A dark gray silhouette essentially
assimilating every nightfall everywhere. The instant the faintest
afterglow caressed its surface, it shone as if the reflected light
were leaking out.
The entire body of the mysterious intruder was wrapped in
blackened silver armor with a mirrored surface. Although this aspect did bear some resemblance to Silver Crow, the figure was
completely different. Heavyweight like a knight from the Middle
Ages, voluminous shoulders, chest, elbows. Its right hand,
wrapped in an enormous gauntlet, held a double-edged sword
that looked nearly as long as its owner was tall, the tip of which,
tapering off into essentially nothing, lanced the Yellow King from
behind.
What drew the eye even more sharply than this sword was the
knight’s head.
It wore a hood-shaped helmet with long horns, stretching toward the back from both sides. However, in the place where there
usually should have been some type of face, there was nothing.

Given the angle of the sun, the interior of the hood should have
been illuminated, and yet it was simply painted a lone black,
looking very like the darkness itself had taken on physical form
and was lurking there. If Haruyuki really, really strained his eyes,
he could see some kind of pitch-black something wriggling on the
surface like a living creature.
A blackened silver knight with a mask of darkness.
Immediately before its name slid from Niko’s mouth at his
feet, Haruyuki made the same connection. That was probably…It
had to be—
“The Armor of Catastrophe. Chrome Disaster.” After these
hoarse words, Niko continued in a whisper, “How? It’s too soon.
We should have had an entire day to spare.”
Haruyuki soon guessed the reason for her shock. They had
dived into the Unlimited Neutral Field two minutes before the
train carrying Chrome Disaster’s real self, the Red Legion’s levelsix Burst Linker Cherry Rook, would arrive in Ikebukuro. Since
time here flowed one thousand times faster than in the real
world, those two minutes were equivalent to thirty-three hours.
There was only one answer. Cherry Rook, the resident of that
armor, had accelerated while still on the train and appeared in
this world.
This was understandable in a Normal Duel, which lasted at
most 1.8 seconds in the real. But they were in a higher-order
world that could not be escaped once a player dived in, unless
they made it to a withdrawal point. Leaving your real-life body
behind pressed up against other people in the train, on public
transport no less, was an act that surpassed daring and went right
into recklessness.
“Cherry…are you so crazed now you can’t even hold on for two
minutes?” Niko murmured in a stifled voice.

However, Haruyuki couldn’t read that kind of insanity in the
Fifth Chrome Disaster, standing on the western edge of the
crater.
His physique was not particularly powerful. Just barely 170
centimeters and much smaller than the Fourth Chrome Disaster
they had seen in the replay file Kuroyukihime had showed them
the previous day. Its form was an orthodox human shape. It stood
quietly, almost vacantly, still gripping the sword piercing the Yellow King but doing nothing more.
Why didn’t the Yellow King break free? Why did he just stare
silently at Chrome Disaster, his face turned as far to the rear as it
could go?
A second later, Haruyuki got his answer.
“Yuroooooo!” A strange scream abruptly gushed forth. It was
neither a human voice nor a beast’s. Not an alarm. It was an alien
howl the likes of which he had never heard before.
Its source was the darkness lurking on the knight’s face. A
darkness with actual substance erupted together with this cry
from beneath the tossed-back hood of the helmet, immediately
solidifying into a particular shape: a row of sharp triangles biting
into each other, above and below the hood. Fangs. Inky black
fangs protruded from the edge of the hood, almost as if the entirety of the cowl made up a mouth.
With a wet sound, the “mouth” opened.
In the rich darkness of the interior, two small, perfectly round
eyes shone a faint red.
The instant he saw this, Yellow Radio finally snapped into motion. More throwing than reaching both hands around his back,
he grabbed the sword piercing him and tried to pull it out.

He hadn’t moved sooner because he’d been frozen. Constricted
with terror.
Even Kuroyukihime, a short distance away, remained silent,
still striking her pose. She didn’t have the look of fear to her, but
Haruyuki could sense a faint hesitation. Although it was a chance
for her to attack, this wasn’t the kind of situation that facilitated
quick decisions about which one of the avatars to target.
Chrome Disaster, the Armor of Catastrophe, brought the Yellow King, struggling to break free of the sword, to his enormous
mouth, almost like a piece of food stabbed with a fork. As the jaw,
opening even farther, drew nearer the round, puffy shoulder of
the clown avatar, a clear, viscous liquid hung from its fangs.
“Deceit Firecracker!!” Yellow Radio cried out in a high voice,
on the verge of having his shoulder eaten.
In a puff of vile yellow smoke, the skewered avatar exploded
and disappeared.
Self-destruction?! Haruyuki opened his eyes wide, but he soon
saw the same yellow smoke rise up about five meters away with
the clown flying out from inside the cloud. It was probably a special attack of the glamour/escape type.
Fine sparks scattering from the razor-edged hole in his chest
armor, the Yellow King back dashed another several meters. After
ordering his subordinate avatars to draw near, he finally spoke.
“Pathetic dog, have you forgotten your master and now you’re
here to get in the way of the program? Well, fine. If you’re as hungry as all that, go ahead and eat Blackie there in front of you! Although it’s not a color that stimulates the appetite, is it?! Ha-haha-ha-ha!” He laughed, but in his voice was a tension he didn’t
try to hide.
Opening and closing his black maw with a clang, Chrome Dis-

aster looked in turn at the Black King and the Yellow King, each
standing an equal distance away. There was nothing remotely like
a player struggling to decide who to fight in this gesture.
This was the look of a creature assessing which prey to attack.
That face which was not a face casually turned toward the bottom of the crater. Its gaze rested momentarily on the Red King,
silent and covered in wounds, but it showed no sign of emotion
even at the sight of its own Legion Master. It turned its face up at
Haruyuki, standing atop the stabilizer on her back.
Suddenly.
He felt like the strange voice was delivered directly to the core
of his brain. Inflectionless, like an animal—or a machine.
Get eaten.
Be eaten, be meat.
What was more terrifying than anything else was that the tone
of the voice itself was most certainly that of a boy the same age as
he was, before his voice changed. Haruyuki felt a species of dread
run up his spine, one he had never before felt in the Accelerated
World.
Setting aside the alien nature of the acceleration technology,
Brain Burst was at most a fighting game. The fighting that had
taken place up to that point in the South Ikebukuro crater had
been extremely gruesome, but still, it didn’t fall outside of the
sphere of gaming, albeit just barely.
It was true that if the Yellow King’s ambush had succeeded
and he had managed to hunt Niko or Kuroyukihime, the two of
them would have had Brain Burst forcefully uninstalled, and they
would never again have experienced the pleasure of visiting the
Accelerated World. But that would have been the end of the

game, and their everyday lives in the real world would have continued on after that.
If the voice just now indeed belonged to the Burst Linker
called Chrome Disaster, then inside that blackened silver armor,
the boy by the name of Cherry Rook, the player supposedly enjoying this game, no longer existed.
Kuroyukihime said that Enhanced Armament encroached on
the mind of its user. Haruyuki half believed and half doubted
that, but the fact that the humanity of the person wrapped in the
armor had already been largely lost was clearly communicated by
that short utterance. And that phenomenon was likely not limited
to the Accelerated World. Whoever was inside that armor
couldn’t possibly be living peacefully in the real world.
“Niko…he’s already—”
“Don’t say it.” The Red King astutely guessed the meaning
conveyed by Haruyuki’s quavering tone. “We…we might still be in
time. If we can destroy the armor here and now, then maybe—”
She didn’t finish her whisper.
“Ruuooo…Oooooooh!!” Chrome Disaster howled ferociously
again, as if to destroy the hope Niko expressed. Changing direction abruptly, he faced the Yellow King.
He brought the large sword in his right hand up to his shoulder and stretched out his left in front of him, five fingers in the
shape of enormous claws.
And then something surprising happened. Despite the fact
that the Armor voiced no attack name, one of the red avatars
gathered very close to the Yellow King was sucked into Chrome
Disaster’s left hand at an alarming speed. The Armor fingers bit
into the torso of the unfortunate duel avatar with a metallic
clang.

“Eeaah!”
Even as a high-pitched scream escaped its throat, the red type
tried to turn the rifle in its right hand toward the Armor’s head.
Haruyuki realized abruptly that it was the long-distance type who
had been protecting the jamming avatar.
The muzzle of the rifle glittered, and a bluish-white beam was
very nearly discharged at point-blank range. But just as this was
about to happen, the right arm gripping the gun was ripped off at
the base. The beam grazed Chrome Disaster’s helmet and
streamed off in vain to the rear. Haruyuki hadn’t even been able
to see the slash that took off the arm.
And then, “Rooooo!!” In tandem with this cry, Chrome Disaster opened wide the fangs lining his hood. With a chomp, the red
avatar’s right shoulder was swallowed up, lost to the darkness of
the maw.
“Aauuuuughn!!” The wail of distress that burst forth was so
brutal it made Haruyuki want to cover his ears. The pain of damage in the Unlimited Neutral Field was twice that of the lower
field. Most likely, this red type was now experiencing the same
level of pain his body would in the real world: that of being devoured by a wild animal.
The dozens of enormous teeth easily pierced the avatar’s
armor. A semicircle was ripped off from shoulder to chest, and
the severed left arm dropped to the ground.
“Aaaaaaaaaah!!” The head of the avatar flailed at the intense
anguish of having its stomach gouged out and losing both arms.
Finished chewing and opening wide again, Chrome Disaster’s
“mouth” then swallowed the flailing head whole.
Was the scattered spray accompanying the wet squishing a
spark effect, or fragments of armor—or the avatar’s flesh?

The screaming abruptly ceased. A few seconds later, the remains of the avatar, having lost its entire head and been drained
of all strength, finally melted into a pillar of light and disintegrated.
My vision is crazy wobbly, Haruyuki thought. It took him a
brief while to realize the reason for that was his knees were shaking so hard that they were knocking together.
That was not a duel.
It wasn’t violence, either, nor slaughter.
It was predation. Simply an instinctive behavior, to take in the
flesh and blood of the captured avatar along with their burst
points.
At the same time as the up-and-down movement of the black
fangs stopped, Haruyuki saw a deep red light running along the
seams of the blackened silver armor. A phenomenon akin to
stolen points, but also some kind of energy as well. Most likely, it
was Drain, the health gauge absorption ability Kuroyukihime had
mentioned the day before.
“Rooooo!” Chrome Disaster raised his head and howled from
deep in his throat.
“You mad dog…It appears I have no choice. It is regrettable,
but the program is canceled. Everyone, get to the leave point in
Ikebukuro Station and retreat!!” the Yellow King shouted. As the
order was given, the dozen or so remaining Yellow Legion members faded to semitransparency, apparently using some kind of
special move.
The avatars, now hazy shadows, evacuated the crater with remarkable haste and retreated to the northwest. Although it was
already clear that his plan had been ruined, the voice of the receding Yellow King drifted back to the field in a final sneer.

“Heh-heh-heh! Red and Black, I’ll invite you back to our wonderful, delightful carnival one day! That is, if you still have the
will to fight after being eaten by this dog! Heh-heh-heh…Ha-haha-ha-ha!”
Had they assessed the situation calmly, they could’ve adopted
a strategy of interfering with this retreat: get Chrome Disaster to
attack them and then take the head of the Yellow King. But
Haruyuki couldn’t move a single finger, much less say anything.
It was all he could do to simply stand atop Scarlet Rain’s armor
plate, cowering like a small animal under the glare of a predator.
Fight that? Fight that, render it helpless, and hit it with the
Judgment Blow at point-blank range? And I’m supposed to help
with that?
No way.
I can’t do it. I mean, it’s taking everything I have to just stay
here and not run away screaming.
As his knees and teeth chattered, Haruyuki watched as
Chrome Disaster hunched over motionlessly. It was the pose of a
carnivore unable to resist chasing down and slaughtering its prey;
in this case, the members of the Yellow Legion running away,
scattering in all directions.
Haruyuki prayed they could just let him go with the Yellow Legion. However.
Behind Chrome Disaster, as he began a fierce dash—
“Death by Piercing!!” Kuroyukihime’s voice rang out boldly.
The sword of her right arm nocked in her left thrust straight
ahead, accompanied by an enormous noise like a jet engine. The
violet glittering encasing the blade expanded and extended in a
straight line nearly five meters long, coloring the world around

her dazzlingly.
The incredible attack power released compressed the virtual
air, and the view of the other side was distorted like a heat shimmer. The high-pitched sound of screeching destruction roared—
but what was immediately cut off was just the horn extending
from the right side of Chrome Disaster’s helmet.
Despite being targeted from behind in the best possible opening Kuroyuki would get—as it was the verge of taking pursuit—the
blackish silver armor slid to the left, as if turning to mist, and
evaded the attack.
The horn, whirling high up into the sky, dropped down, and
pierced the surface of the blue-black ground with a thud.
“So. You dodged that,” Kuroyukihime uttered, almost admiringly, bringing the right arm she had thrust forward back to her
body.
The tip of the large sword in his right hand clanged. It carved
out the arc of a half-circle in the ground as Chrome Disaster
turned around and returned what was clearly a roar of anger from
between his enormous fangs. “Yurooooo!”
Raising his sword and setting it on his right shoulder, the diabolic
knight glared directly at the jet-black beauty. From the depths of
the jaw, slightly open beneath the hood, the deep red light of his
eyes flickered repeatedly.
“K-Kuroyu…” A hoarse voice stole out from Haruyuki’s
parched throat.
Are you going to fight it? I mean, even if the Red King did ask
you—With that? Face-to-face…
It was true that Chrome Disaster was still at level seven. Even
if she was defeated, she wouldn’t end up losing Brain Burst, un-

like when a King was her opponent.
But she would be eaten.
In this Field, where a sensation of pain could be greater than
that in the real world, her avatar would be devoured still living.
Such agony as that was beyond comparison to that of taking a
slug from the gun in Haruyuki’s training room.
And it wasn’t just a matter of the sense of actual pain. The
screams of the long-range avatar that had been caught and
slaughtered by that thing a few minutes earlier were marked by
despair. Despair at its whole self helplessly assimilated into a
predator’s overwhelming power.
No way. I don’t want that thing to eat me. If that happens, I’ll
just run again—
The strength abruptly drained from his legs, and Haruyuki fell
to his knees on top of Scarlet Rain’s armor. He hurriedly tried to
stand again, but his body didn’t move. It was frozen, stiff down to
his fingers, refusing to listen to his commands.
What’s going on? What’s wrong with me? I was talking so big
and saying all that stuff when Kuroyukihime was down, and
now…I’m so pathetic, I can’t even move.
The more panicked he got, the more petrified his body became. It was almost as if his nervous system had been detached
from the limbs of his avatar.
Haruyuki could only keep taking shallow breaths below the
mirrored surface of his helmet when he heard her.
“A Burst Linker without the desire to fight cannot move his
duel avatar.” Kuroyukihime’s clear voice reached him from where
she and the black-silver armor still faced off on the edge of the
crater. “It’s exactly as the little girl there said before. I don’t want

to acknowledge it, but I regret that betrayal of two years ago. I
feel that it was an unforgivable crime. And because of that, I was
deeply afraid in the bottom of my heart of my own desire for battle—the very belligerence that seeks victory.”
With her sword arms still at the ready, her guard still up, Black
Lotus’s blue-purple eyes glanced at Haruyuki.
“However, Haruyuki. You are the opposite. You fear defeat.
You are under the impression that your own worth drops with
each loss. This is the cause of your poor form recently in the Territory Battles.”
Her words gouged, mercilessly, deep into his heart.
Still on his knees, Haruyuki forced his eyes open wide and
gritted his teeth.
It’s not an impression! It’s the truth! he shouted in his mind.
If I lose, I don’t get anything. The value of my—of Silver Crow’s
—existence is in continuing to win with his unique flight ability.
Just gain levels, increase the territory of Nega Nebulus, and
meet your expectations. I mean, if I don’t win, if I don’t get
stronger and stronger, then you’ll—one day, you’ll give up on
me…
“I’ll return the words you said to me earlier, Haruyuki!” With a
sharp gesture of her right hand-sword, Kuroyukihime uttered a
shout that bordered on ferociousness. “Do you really believe…
that the bond connecting the two of us is at most on that level?!”
Then she immediately started to cleave at Chrome Disaster.
Almost as if she was trying to tell him something.
Disaster’s broadsword welcomed Kuroyukihime’s left swordarm as it struck down from directly above, absorbing its tremendous impact. Shining, spherical energy welled up and burst on
the surface of the black-and-silver armor, turned into countless

points of light, and then scattered.
Both fighters, violently knocked back, held their ground, digging into the surface of the earth, and attacked again at exactly
the same time. Disaster gripped his broadsword in both hands
and swung it horizontally. Kuroyukihime met this with a right
roundhouse kick.
The bold moves, crashing into one another and tracing out
deep red and bluish-purple arcs, really did cause an explosion
this time, drilling out a small crater on the spot. Both were sent
flying in opposite directions, and Chrome Disaster’s left hand,
open all the way, was turned precisely toward Kuroyukihime,
raising as she tumbled along.
That attack!
But, unable to move or speak, Haruyuki only held his breath.
The special attack that dragged the enemy over through a mysterious attractive force and held them. If he hit her with that,
she’d be pulled into a close-contact situation, and without being
able to fully swing her swords, she would just, in a manner of
speaking, be chewed up.
Tnk!
A silver light seemed to flash between the two.
At the same time, Kuroyukihime placed a large lump she had
gathered up at her tiptoes when he wasn’t looking—a mass of
rock made out of the fragments of the ground from the earlier explosion—and kicked it up, into the center of her right leg-sword.
The boulder was propelled into Chrome Disaster’s palm. As he
tried to shake free fingers that had bitten deeply into the hard
surface, Kuroyukihime charged at full speed.

The piercing, metallic screech of impact burst forth, and the
upward-thrust sword of her left leg at last found a home, digging
into the armor of Chrome Disaster’s chest.
Incredible, Haruyuki murmured in his head, forgetting momentarily the despondency strangling him. How can she fight
like that when her opponent is that terrifying? She might be a
higher level, but the difference in power’s more than made up for
by the Enhanced Armament; they’re basically even in terms of
the force a single blow packs. I mean, if she makes a single mistake, she’ll be eaten up by those huge fangs for sure and drown
in intense pain and despair. Why can she—It’s almost—
Like she’s having fun.
Because she’s confident she’ll win? Can she move so freely like
that because she’s sure she’s stronger than her enemy?
No, that can’t be it. Despite the fact that Yellow Radio, level
nine like her, still had ten or so subordinates left, he fled without
even hesitating. And there’s absolutely no way you could say
that decision came from cowardice. Chrome Disaster’s not a
regular Burst Linker anymore. He’s a bigger threat than that
enormous Enemy we saw on our way to Ikebukuro.
As if to support Haruyuki’s thinking, the crazed knight unleashed a terrifying skill. Reddish-black light coalesced around
the wound in the Armor that Kuroyukihime’s sword had opened
and proceeded to repair it to a smooth polish right before his
eyes.
“Yurooo…” The Armor, a low voice like laughter spilling out,
counterattacked with a sudden ferocity. The sword in his right
hand came down at a speed that made it impossible to see, cutting the sky and the ground in a straight line. Kuroyukihime, on
that trajectory, dodged uncharacteristically, but the tip of her
armor skirt broke off at the left hip and fell with a faint clink.

But Chrome Disaster’s attack didn’t stop there. The enormous
sword, the blade of which was probably a meter and a half long,
was brandished again and again at a speed that made it seem
weightless. Black Lotus dodged as if dancing or deflected the
blows, but in short order, chinks were carved here and there
across her beautiful armor.
She was gradually being pushed from the west side of the
crater to the north in an onslaught that seemed like it could go on
forever. Yet there was no sign that Kuroyukihime’s fighting spirit
was weakening in the slightest.
The swords of her limbs swelled with violet light, and whenever she found a small gap in Disaster’s movements, she threw in
a sharp counterattack. The wounds carved into her opponent’s
armor were quickly restored by that malevolent red light, but she
thrust her sword out, cut, and plunged the blade in again and
again with an accuracy that was startlingly effortless.
It couldn’t have been that she wasn’t feeling the terror. They
were essentially equals in attack power, speed, and precision, so
the fact was that, at some point, an opponent with the ability to
automatically heal his own damage would overcome her resistance. If she got hit with even one heavy attack and her ability to
evade dropped, in that instant she would be snatched up by her
opponent, and some part of her body would be bitten off. Her
pride as a King would be taken, and she would crawl on the
ground as just a hunk of food for the beast.
And yet—Why…
“Why…why don’t you run?!” A croaking screech ripped itself
from Haruyuki’s throat.
After all, running away wouldn’t lower her value as the Black
King. The Yellow King had run away, and he was sure she had
said that the Seven Kings of Pure Color had worked together to finally put an end to the former Chrome Disaster. It was only nat-

ural to pull out here. And more than that—
He didn’t want to see it. He absolutely did not want to watch
her get destroyed and eaten, screaming.
“Please run, Kuroyukihime!” Haruyuki shouted again.
However, the massive iron sword rained down from on high
with such speed and timing that it allowed no evasion.
Kuroyukihime caught the blow with crossed sword arms, but,
unable to repel it the way she had up to that point, she dropped a
single knee. The fierce impact roared like thunder, and fissures
radiated outward in the ground around her.
“Yurooooooo!!”
Chrome Disaster howled loudly, perhaps convinced of his victory. He used all his weight to lean forward on the weapon
gripped in both hands. With each hard metallic creak, fine sparks
flew out from the contact point of the three swords.
It was the same scene as her battle with the Yellow Legion’s
warrior avatar, but this time, the one on the defensive was clearly
Black Lotus. The light of the bluish-purple aura enveloping her
sword arms gradually faded and began to flicker irregularly.
Soon, both swords would be cleaved through, and she would
take serious damage. Disaster would pounce on her the moment
she fell and maul her at will until her HP gauge ran out.
“Why…didn’t she run?” Haruyuki murmured feebly.
It likely wasn’t to protect the immobilized Haruyuki. Because
it had been Kuroyukihime herself who initiated the offensive,
striking at Chrome Disaster when he was about to go after the
Yellow Legion. In other words, Kuroyukihime had chosen to fight
that armor, and with absolutely no chance of victory to boot.

Haruyuki knew that this had been their original objective
when diving into the Unlimited Neutral Field, but the situation
was already very different from what they’d assumed. Takumu
was dead and wouldn’t be able to come back for another half an
hour at least, and the essential Scarlet Rain was seriously damaged and incapacitated.
So, why? What exactly was she—
“This…this is my place, Haruyuki.” Unexpectedly, her words
rang out.
Black Lotus looked up with violet eyes, blazing in the blades
pressed within an inch of them, but said in a quiet but profoundly
leaden voice, “I have exposed you to something unsightly here. As
your teacher…and as your ‘guardian,’ I wouldn’t be able to look
you in the eye in the real world if I left things like that.”
Chrome Disaster’s blade was getting closer to her with each
passing moment. Haruyuki swallowed his breath and squeezed a
trembling plea from his throat.
“P-place? But…if you lose, it won’t…mean anything…”
“You’re misunderstanding. Feed your clever retreats to a dog!
There’s no value in things like that! Once you dive into the battlefield…there is only fighting with all your heart, toe-to-toe with
whosoever your opponent might be!!” Kuroyukihime’s words, uttered so brazenly on the doorstep of defeat, hit Haruyuki like a
hammer.
In his mind, the sense of acceleration that had visited him
countless times in battle up to that point returned in a dazzling
flash.
That time, just a few minutes earlier, when he’d dodged the
protective laser attack in order to take down the jamming avatar.
When he’d slipped through the Red King’s fierce antiaircraft bar-

rage. And three months earlier, around the time when he’d just
become a Burst Linker and caught Ash Roller’s motorcycle; or
when he saw through Cyan Pile’s special attack…
Inside, I wasn’t lusting for victory or frightened of defeat. I
was just lost in the battle. Without being aware of anyone’s eyes
on me. Right. It wasn’t defeat itself I was afraid of. It was being
laughed at by the gallery when I lost. Being compared with
Takumu. And I was scared senseless of disappointing her. Not
only in the real world, but even in the Accelerated World, all I’ve
worried about is how people will see me—What…
“I am such an idiot.” Murmuring, Haruyuki put all his strength
into his open right hand, frozen helplessly.
They creaked and groaned in protest, but he managed to
clench his fingers tightly.
He raised this fist straight into the air and hit his own cheek as
hard as he could. Accompanying the dull sound of the impact, a
burning pain ran through his molars. This sensation of scorching
heat raced along his entire virtual nervous system, diffusing as a
signal to the limbs of his avatar.
He raised his head abruptly. On the northern edge of the
crater, Black Lotus was offering her final resistance to the lethal
blade. The dull-colored edge was grinding the crossed arms and
pushing the backs into her forehead. Scattering sparks illuminated armor pitted with damage.
“Kuroyukihime!” Haruyuki cried. He spread his wings, to
which the power had just returned, and threw himself into flight.
Gliding at full speed just barely over the bottom of the crevasse,
he hit Chrome Disaster’s blind spot and flew up from the crater’s
edge.
“Unh…Ooooh!” Haruyuki howled. The punch he’d thrown at
the black-silver armor was just barely blocked by an upraised

right gauntlet.
But the instant Disaster took one hand off his sword, Kuroyukihime thrust both arms up with a battle cry.
The sword rebounded with a thud, and Chrome Disaster was
pushed back several meters. But he maintained his fighting posture, immediately readying his sword low again, the fangs below
the hood chattering fiercely.
“Rooo! Roooooo!!” The growl was colored with anger.
His whole body shaking with fear, Haruyuki confronted the
beast head-on, keeping Black Lotus behind him. No doubt using
every bit of strength she had left, Kuroyukihime had poked one
arm into the ground like a cane, but soon she used it as a crutch
to stand and took her place to Haruyuki’s left.
“Well, Haruyuki. Now, then, shall we lose with grace?”
Unconsciously, he smiled bitterly and nodded. “Yes, Kuroyukihime.” He crouched, widened his stance, and took a half-baked
karate-style pose.
Next to him, Kuroyukihime yanked her swords up in a motion
seemingly appropriate to the situation.
A second later, several things happened in succession.
Chrome Disaster raised his sword with a violent roar of rage.
Something glimmered on Haruyuki’s left as he was focused on
trying to anticipate the coming slashing attack.
Kuroyukihime’s right arm flashed with exceptional speed,
striking Haruyuki hard in the chest with the edge of the blade.
As he was sent helplessly flying in shock, and tumbled along
the ground, a wall of crimson light rose up before his eyes.

Only after the terrifyingly large explosion—a detonation that sent
him flying a farther ten or so meters—did Haruyuki grasp that
this was a beam attack launched to his right from the center of
the crater. He instinctively raised both arms to protect himself
from the heat and impact wave that surged toward him, but even
so, the HP gauge in the upper left of his field of vision was ground
away. Upon his attempt to move, an unpleasant metallic scraping
came from all over his body.
He was overwhelmed by a wave of anguish so acute it was as if
every nerve he had was scorched from the intense heat of the
flames, and it took his breath away as he lay there, legs splayed as
he had fallen. Unable to even scream, his body convulsing, a raging storm of question marks swirled in his head even as he waited
for the pain to recede.
How on earth—The Yellow Legion long-range types should
have all retreated. Did they come back and jump into the fight?
Even if they did, though, what was that power about? That was
no gun. That was artillery so overwhelming it could have been
from the main armament of a tank—no, a battleship!
Propping himself up on his right arm now that the feeling had
finally returned to it, Haruyuki wobbled as he raised his torso—
—and saw something falling with a stiff crunch. Deeply
cracked, mutilated black armor. It was cruelly scorched, its transparent gloss gone. Of the four swords, the left arm and leg had
been split in half, and cracks raced along mirrored goggles in a
spiderweb pattern.
“Ku—” Haruyuki groaned hoarsely and dashed forward, forgetting his pain. “Kuroyukihime!!”
When he lifted her up in a daze, black splinters scattered from
every part of her body. The completely limp avatar was so light it
shocked him, and the bluish-purple sparks crawling around the
damaged areas looked almost like blood spilling.

But another heavy metallic sound came from in front of him.
Abstractedly lifting his head, he saw the figure of Chrome Disaster kneeling on one knee a short distance off. The destruction
there, too, was severe: the black-silver armor was covered in soot
and deeply dented in several places. The interior of the hoodshaped helmet had sunk once again into an indefinite darkness,
and the broadsword, having perhaps flown off somewhere, was
nowhere to be seen.
The damage had even changed the terrain.
New, smaller craters had been dug out of the northern edge of
the South Ikebukuro crater, which had served as their battlefield
up to that point, and thick smoke rose up from fires twinkling
and burning in various places. Apparently, some percentage of
the power of the bombardment had escaped to the north, and the
buildings had been cut down at the roots, as if a new avenue had
been created that cut across Green Street.
Nervously, Haruyuki finally turned his head to the south. He
was already half expecting the scene that met his eyes, but he
didn’t want to believe it. Even after logically determining that it
couldn’t be anything else, his heart strongly rejected this conclusion, and the conflict materialized as tears distorting his vision.
“Why…why, why…Niko?”
The main weapon, the right arm of the fortress avatar, the Red
King Scarlet Rain, who he had thought too severely damaged to
move, had been raised and was pointed straight at the center of
the new crater. The residual heat moving heavenward from the
large-diameter gun was a haze distorting the surroundings.
He could no longer doubt that the attack launched from that
gun—most likely, a top-level special attack—had swallowed
Kuroyukihime and Chrome Disaster whole, causing enormous
damage.

Haruyuki gritted his teeth and stared at Niko’s eyes, peeking
out from a gap in her armor plating. But those red lenses didn’t
even notice Haruyuki, or Black Lotus in his arms.
“Why?!”
Even at Haruyuki’s scream, the Red King remained silent. Instead, the thrusters on her back and bottom lit up and began to
slowly ease the enormous body of the Immobile Fortress forward.
Once she started moving, she was surprisingly fast, and she
soon covered the radius of the crater.
“Rooo…” The low whimper came from Chrome Disaster,
curled up like a wounded animal. Sensing the approach of the
Red King, he got up on all fours and retreated to the north. The
red automatic recovery light could be seen covering gashes all
over the armor. But it seemed that his wounds now were too deep
and could not be so simply healed.
The crimson fortress in pursuit of the wounded and escaping
knight appeared over the lip of the crater. Moved to tears at her
majestic appearance, Haruyuki could only stare.
“Why…” The trembling query escaped his throat once more,
and the forward momentum of the fortress stopped abruptly. The
avatar towering in front of him looked up, and with a deep breath
Haruyuki cried, “Niko! I mean, Scarlet Rain!! You haven’t forgotten, right? If she’s defeated by you, Kuroyukihime…Black Lotus
will lose all her points!!”
Kuroyukihime was still unconscious in his arms. And just
looking at the extent of damage, it was clear she didn’t have much
left in her HP gauge.
At Haruyuki’s reproach, the Red King replied curtly and hollowly. “So what?”

Haruyuki was rendered speechless, and the childish, cold
voice continued to pummel him. “For a Burst Linker, all Burst
Linkers other than yourself are enemies. You get defeated by an
enemy, your points decrease. When they hit zero, you’re forced to
leave forever. And that’s that.”
“B-but…we…you and us…”
“Are friends?” With a heavy thud, Scarlet Rain’s main weapon
struck the scorched earth. A voice, sharp like a blade, cut through
air tinged with a final afterglow. “Your softness makes me puke!
Listen, I’ll teach you one last thing. In the Accelerated World, you
trust nothing and no one!! Partners, friends, armies…and even
the guardian-child bond, they’re all nothing more than illusions!!”
The incandescent blaze of a cry ripped through the air, and in
unison, all of the Red King’s weapon containers, which had taken
serious damage, broke off. From the center of the Enhanced Armament melting into the air, a small avatar appeared, descending
to the ground.
The crimson armor of the little avatar maintained its ruby-like
shine, but her left arm from the elbow down had been savagely
ripped off, and now small sparks scattered from it. Although she
should have been in pain, Niko stood tall in a movement betraying nothing. The avatar glanced passingly at Haruyuki. On the
other side of the lenses of those cute, round eyes, an inferno
swirled.
“After I take care of him, I’ll finish the two of you off together.
If that’s not your thing, better run now. The next time we meet…
it’s as enemies.”
Having coldly communicated this fact to him, the Red King
turned her gaze forward again. She pulled out the handgun on
her hip with her right hand and started walking, yanking back the
slide as she did.

At her destination, Chrome Disaster was crawling northward
even now, light the color of blood seeping from the wounds covering his body. That he could move even that much despite having
been closer to the blast’s epicenter than Kuroyukihime really
spoke to his astonishing endurance. However, he could slink no
faster than about half of Niko’s current gait, meaning escape was
no longer possible.
Still holding the injured Kuroyukihime in both arms,
Haruyuki’s blurred gaze was held by the shadows of two avatars
steadily growing closer. Judging the situation rationally, he
should have considered the possibility that he should, based on
her earlier pronouncement, run toward the withdrawal point in
either Ikebukuro Station or Sunshine City right away.
But Haruyuki couldn’t move. Or rather, he didn’t want to
move. If he ran now, something wrong would be established as
fact. That’s how he felt.
Near the exit to the road—created by the enormous beam
mowing down a block’s worth of buildings—Niko had finally
caught up with Chrome Disaster, and she casually raised her right
foot. The knight avatar was kicked to the ground with a rough
clang, and Niko perched her left foot on his head.
Haruyuki felt it was an indescribably sad scene.
It was true that the demonic armor had to be destroyed. And it
might also have been a fact that she’d had no choice but to aim
for the moment right before he started grappling with Kuroyukihime to actually hit this thing, given its transcendent reflexes,
with her special attack.
But—in that case, what was the other night about?
Niko and Kuroyukihime sleeping, arms wrapped around each
other in Haruyuki’s living room, as if they were both looking for
something in the other. The two girls, making him feel a bigger

bond, one that surpassed even their shared destiny that, as Kings,
they would have to fight one day. Was that sight, so precious
Haruyuki almost wanted to cry, merely one night’s illusion? Was
it just a meaningless coincidence?
Scarlet Rain pressed her gun to the back of Chrome Disaster’s
head.
Unable to bear the sight of what came next, Haruyuki ducked
his head. But he didn’t hear the gun report no matter how long he
waited.
Instead, a weak voice spoke next to his ear. “…Hon. Estly…
This is why…I despise children…”
Kuroyukihime’s voice, wounded, shaking with pain. But there
wasn’t a hint of anger there. Haruyuki lifted his face with a gasp
and stared into the ebony goggles so close to him.
Inside, a very faint violet light shone. Suppressing all the feelings welling up, Haruyuki whispered, “K-Kuroyu…”
It was in that instant he heard a metallic screeching.
Shifting his gaze, Haruyuki saw Chrome Disaster, upper body
arched back, right hand thrown out. And Scarlet Rain, fragments
of armor scattering from her left arm.
Dancing, high up in the sky, was the crimson gun.
“Wh-why didn’t she shoot?!” Haruyuki cried involuntarily.
She should have had plenty of time to deliver Chrome Disaster
the Judgment Blow, the immediate execution of a member by the
Legion Master. Wasn’t it for exactly this purpose that she had
gotten Kuroyukihime tangled up in her special attack and even
gone so far as to toss them coldly aside and say such terrible
things? Why on earth would she hesitate now?

The response to the questions making his head swim came
from Kuroyukihime in his arms. “…That. Little girl…is just sulking. It’s hard…She’s sad, throwing a tantrum…”
“Wh-what?!”
Shocked, eyes covering the distance between the girl in his
arms and the one on the other side of the wreckage, he saw
Chrome Disaster’s right hand flash like lightning, seizing Niko by
the neck.
The arm, which appeared to have recovered a fair bit of power,
slowly hoisted the small avatar. Niko grabbed the gauntlet with
her right hand but offered no other resistance, simply dangling
there limply. Almost as if she had given up on everything and resigned herself to this fate.
“That girl in particular…More than anyone else, she wants to
believe. In the ultimate bond of a Burst Linker…,” Kuroyukihime
murmured.
“B-bond…?” Haruyuki asked in response, dumbfounded, his
eyes opening wide.
“Y-yes. I can tell. Those two…are guardian and child. The Red
King…is Disaster’s…no, Cherry Rook’s child.”
Guardian and child?! Those two?!
Up to that point, the thought hadn’t even crossed his mind.
But now that she had said it, there was one thing that made sense
to him.
Niko had tracked in detail Cherry Rook’s location in the real
world. Haruyuki had assumed it was some kind of Legion Master
privilege, but that wasn’t the case. Niko simply knew Cherry Rook
in the real. As her only “guardian” who had passed Brain Burst
along to her himself.

Further overwhelmed by surprise and rendered again speechless, Haruyuki shifted his gaze back to Kuroyukihime’s placid expression. She raised a ragged right hand and patted him on the
shoulder. “Come now, what are you doing? I’m…fine. Go and help
her…Niko…our friend.”
Tears welled up in Haruyuki’s eyes, tears he didn’t try to hold
back. He didn’t know why, but some huge, hot thing born in his
heart pushed its way up. He nodded vigorously. “Okay!”
Haruyuki gently settled Kuroyukihime’s body back on the
ground and stood up. With a sharp clack, the wings on his back
were fully deployed.
He aimed for the top of Niko’s shoulder where she was
clutched in Disaster’s right fist. It would also bring him close to
the monster’s jaw. He took a deep breath and clenched his right
hand.
“Yaaaaah!” He shouted a cry and then kicked hard off the
ground.
After running toward takeoff for a few seconds, he vibrated the
metal fins of his wings as hard as he could. His feet pulled away
from the ground, and Haruyuki plunged forward, just skimming
the surface of the earth, becoming nothing more than a beam of
silver light.
On the other side of the rubble road, the crazed armor drew
closer to Niko. He held her before his red eyes, ready to tear into
her flesh, his own “child” Linker. Haruyuki clenched his right fist
tightly, readying it at his side.
“Stoooooop!” Screaming, Haruyuki slammed a fist enveloped
in dazzling light into the center of that stygian maw.
His silver radiance ripped into the lurking darkness with a
crunch. After a moment’s pause, Chrome Disaster flew back, head

thrown off to the side, as if flicked away by an explosion of repulsive force. He bounced on the rubble and tumbled along for another ten meters before falling, limbs askew.
Haruyuki folded up his wings and landed, glancing up to see
that he had used half of his special-attack gauge with the Punch.
Presently, he looked down at the crimson avatar on her knees beside him.
Holding her throat where Disaster had clutched it and coughing violently, Niko lifted her face and glared at Haruyuki, fire in
her eyes. “Y-you…Why…”
“I came to help.” The heat rising up from the depths of his
body made his voice unusually rough. “We’re…friends, okay?”
Swallowing her breath for an instant and stiffening up, Niko
squeezed out hoarsely, “You jerk…Just a small fry and here you
are…acting all big…”
“You, too. You’re supposed to be a King. How long are you
gonna mess this up?” With the tip of his toes, Haruyuki kicked up
the crimson gun, which had fallen near his right foot, and
grabbed the barrel midair. He held the grip out to Niko as he continued, “You’re the only one who can help him; the only one who
can help Cherry Rook, Niko. For him, Brain Burst is nothing
more than a curse now. You have to set him free.”
Behind the round, cute lens, a glimmer wavered as if in hesitation. But a second later, her right hand stretched out and
wrapped firmly around the grip of the pistol.
“Yeah. I know. I know, okay?” Muttering as she stood, the Red
King brought her left foot down on the ground loudly, as if to
crush something. She focused her gaze straight ahead.
Chrome Disaster, having been sent flying, was only now raising his torso. With his right hand, he covered his face where he’d

been struck by Haruyuki’s Punch and whined restlessly. He apparently didn’t have enough strength left to stand. The red glow
attempting to repair the damage covering his body had disappeared almost entirely, replaced with particles the color of pitch,
dripping out of the wounds like blood.
“Cherry,” Niko called to him quietly as she advanced. “Let’s
end this already. There’s no point in going on with a game that’s
just pain and suffering.”
From between the fingers covering his helmet, the flickering
blink of Chrome Disaster’s red eyes was visible. The left arm that
had been thrust into the ground lifted shakily, and the palm of his
hand was turned up to the sky, as if to say I surrender.
For a moment, Haruyuki wondered if he had come to his
senses.
However…
Suddenly, without any kind of preliminary movement, the
blackish-silver avatar whirled upward diagonally, with a speed
that belied its weight.
“What?!” Haruyuki cried as he watched Disaster attach himself to the steel frame protruding from the top of a nearly destroyed five-story building. Whipping around backward, he
leaped again, as if sucked up by the sky itself.
As he stared at the figure receding with each passing second,
Haruyuki shouted, “Flight ability?!”
“No, it’s a long-distance jump!” Niko replied, tense. “He’s
going to try to log out at the withdrawal point in Sunshine City. If
we let him get away now, we won’t get another chance.”
Cherry Rook, wrapped in that armor, probably already understood that his Legion Master and “child,” Niko, had tracked his

movements somehow. He was certain to deal with that once he
logged out, and if he did, they wouldn’t be able to use this Unlimited Neutral Field ambush strategy again.
Haruyuki gritted his teeth, stared directly at the Red King, and
said, “Niko. This time you can shoot, right? The Judgment Blow.”
“Shut up. I’ll fire. For his sake.”
Finally, Haruyuki’s turn had come: time for Silver Crow to run
down and capture Chrome Disaster as per their original plan. All
he had to do now was fly. Praying that was the case, Haruyuki
told her bluntly, “I’ll keep Disaster in check until you catch up.”
Speechless for a moment, Niko shook her head in tiny increments. “Y-you can’t alone! Not only are you hurt, but he can still
move like that. If you get caught, he’ll be the one eating you!”
Haruyuki glanced over at the jet-black figure lying at the far
southern edge of the crater and then quickly brought his gaze
back before saying, forcefully, “Then you’ve got until he eats me!”
Making the rubble clatter, he reoriented his body, spread his
wings, and took off in a straight line.
Flying from the devastated cluster of buildings and giving
everything he had to increasing his speed, a dully glittering avatar
entered his field of view. Already three hundred meters off to the
northeast, the fleeing beast continued to move farther away with
incredible long-distance jumps from rooftop to rooftop.
Haruyuki glanced down to see the crimson avatar starting to
run in the same northeasterly direction. Taking a deep breath, he
flew faster, accompanied by a roaring whoosh.
He stuck both hands straight ahead and surged forward, slicing through the virtual air. Soon enough, he’d passed Green
Street, and he continued accelerating along the intersecting Shuto

Expressway No. 5.
Soaring on the horizon, Sunshine City was already directly
ahead. Naturally, it was no longer the gray skyscraper from the
real world. A bluish, jagged steel material interwove to make up
the truss structure, and the look of it piercing the dark clouds,
eclipsing everything else, gave it the appearance of an enormous
tower that was home to the King of Hell. The shopping mall at its
base had also been transformed into a desolate park, and here
and there in the cracked, tile-covered space, pitch-black trees
spread out deformed arms.
At the end of the large stairway cutting through the park from
the road to the tower, he could see the structure’s entrance, filled
with a hazy, pale blue light. That was probably the leave point. If
Chrome Disaster managed to get that far, they’d never get the
chance to capture him in the Unlimited Neutral Field again.
Disaster continued leaping in a zigzag across the tops of the
buildings on the main street, pitch-black blood particles dropping
in his wake. He was so incredibly fast that it was impossible to believe he was just jumping, but as expected, he was slower than
Silver Crow in flight.
I caught him!
Haruyuki held his breath and planned the timing for a sudden
drop. Above all else, he had to knock the Armor into the ground
and stop its advance.
Maintaining sufficient speed and having positioned himself directly above his opponent’s blind spot, Haruyuki entered a fullthrottle dive the instant the Armor landed atop a new roof and
launched itself toward its next target.
Haruyuki stuck out the toes on his right foot, turning himself
into a sharp wedge, and streamed downward. Perhaps noticing
the whistle of the wind, the Armor’s helmet looked up with a

start. But he wouldn’t be able to dodge midleap. The tips of
Haruyuki’s toes, glowing with a fierce radiance, piercing the lacerated back of the Armor—
“Wha—?!”
The instant before he connected with the mutilated Armor,
something impossible happened.
In midair, Chrome Disaster, without giving any warning whatsoever, abruptly diverted his trajectory to the right. Haruyuki’s
Kick missed its target, accomplishing no more than a scraping
sound. Had he allowed the momentum to carry him, he’d have
buried himself in the base of the tower, but he braked with every
ounce of strength in his wings and just barely managed to decelerate in time.
Landing on both feet with an enormous thud, Haruyuki looked
up, still dumbfounded, at Chrome Disaster flying off to the right.
What was that?! No matter how fast or long the jump, as long
as it was still a jump, it just wasn’t possible to change trajectories
in midair. After all, had it been possible, then it was basically the
same as being able to fly, like Haruyuki.
He hurried to take off again and pursue Disaster. The avatar
was already close enough that he could probably reach the Sunshine City site in another two or three jumps.
The method of it was unclear, but given that his opponent
could alter his course in midair, Haruyuki wasn’t likely to land a
straight dive-kick. In which case, the only thing to do was court
the risk of being caught himself and launch an attack while following him closely.
“Aaaah!” With a small battle cry, he accelerated and closed the
distance until he was just behind the blackish-silver back. When
he did, the Armor once again whirled, this time to the left, and

Haruyuki was forced into a hard turn. His avatar groaned at the
centrifugal force bearing down on him.
Gritting his teeth, he began beating his fist desperately into
the Armor’s back when Chrome Disaster again did the impossible.
This time, he sank straight down. Haruyuki’s Punch sliced the
air, and having overtaken his enemy, he dove, twisting his own
body to target where his opponent would land.
Only in that moment, when both his feet made contact with
the roof of the building, would Disaster be forced to stop before
launching into the next jump. Haruyuki continued holding the
figure of Disaster descending desperately in his sights, dimming
because of his own reckless maneuvering, and calculated his timing.
The Armor arched its body, yanked its face up, and stretched
out its right arm, allowing Haruyuki to bear witness to a sight
that stunned him a third time.
The metal avatar, supposedly incredibly massive, suddenly decelerated in midair. Almost as if gravity had reversed direction, it
stopped instantly in empty space and then shot directly up again.
His aim off yet again, Haruyuki sliced through the atmosphere
vainly with his right foot and flipped his body—
Both eyes wide, he finally saw it.
The momentary glimmer of an extremely fine red line between
Chrome Disaster ascending at a steep angle and the rather tall
building for which he was headed.
It wasn’t a beam. The light was a reflected afterglow shining
through the gap between buildings.
It was a wire.

In the back of Haruyuki’s mind, he recounted flashbacks of the
strange gripping technique Chrome Disaster had shown off earlier. That technique—the way he had forcibly yanked the Yellow
Legion long-range avatar and the rock that Kuroyukihime had
kicked into the armor’s opened palm—and Disaster’s long-distance jumping and midair maneuverability came from exactly the
same thing: an extremely thin wire with an anchor attached. It
was launched from the palm of his hand at the target to retract it,
or was launched at a fixed object to hoist himself toward it.
As Haruyuki watched, Chrome Disaster ascended, wire winding at ridiculously high speeds, and disappeared onto the edge of
a building.
Rising once more to give chase, Haruyuki focused his thoughts
to calculate his next move. To interfere with that jump, all he had
to do was cut the wire stretched out in the air.
But he probably couldn’t disconnect it with a hand chop or a
Kick. It easily supported that heavy avatar—and while accelerating on a descent, to boot. He had to assume that the wire’s anchoring power and load-bearing ability were absolute. There was
even the possibility that it could not be cut and, in fact, might do
him damage.
Rolling seriously through these thoughts as he gained altitude,
Haruyuki caught sight of Chrome Disaster landing on an arched
roof. On the other side, separated by only a road now, was Sunshine City. His opponent would reach the portal tower with one
more leap. What could he do? How could he stop him?
Disaster stretched out his right hand, aiming for the blueblack wall of his destination. His sharp fingers opened into claws.
In the center, the light of the wire firing flashed.
“Right!!” Haruyuki shouted at the revelation that came to him
in an instant. The strategy that popped into his mind was basically suicide, but he had no other cards to play.

He poured every bit of energy he had into the silver fins that
constituted his wings and plunged straight ahead toward Sunshine. Particles of light enveloped his small avatar, drawing out a
tail in space like a comet. He quickly overtook Chrome Disaster,
crossed the road, and flew on.
More! More, more! Accelerate!
The faster he moved, the more the color of the world changed;
everything was decelerating in relation to himself. Now just a
dazzling laser shooting forward, Haruyuki was sure he saw it: the
wire launched from Chrome Disaster’s right hand toward the exterior wall of the tower, and the microscopic hook at its end.
“Aaaaaaah!!” With a howl, he applied a final burst of acceleration and dove at a shallow angle, mingling his flight trajectory
with the wire sight.
He heard the faint snap through his body and felt something
bite into the center of his back. An incredible force tried to haul
Haruyuki back, but he fought it and pushed himself to the limits
of his acceleration to keep charging ahead.
He felt the weight suddenly. Chrome Disaster’s body at the
other end of the wire was floating on its back in midair. Without
even looking back, Haruyuki saw vividly in his mind the Armor
connected to him, flying through space at the same speed.
When landing normally, Disaster avoided crashing into whatever he’d hooked by adjusting the force reeling in the wire. But
dragged along like this, the Armor had no technique for decelerating on its own.

Before him, the exterior wall of the enormous tower piercing the
sky drew closer. Haruyuki glared at it, a combination of countless
pieces of thick steel, and swallowed his fear as he timed his strategy. Too early and he would end up giving Chrome Disaster
enough time to land safely; too late and he would crash into the
tower himself.
Right. Now.
“Gah!” Screaming, Haruyuki shot straight up at the steepest
angle he could manage. Every joint in his body squealed, pain
lancing through them. The sharp end of one of the steel girders
grazed him from chest to stomach. Orange sparks flying,
Haruyuki ascended along the wall of Sunshine, easing up on the
acceleration at the same time.
And Chrome Disaster’s enormous body collided against the
wall of the tower with an impact so loud that the whole of Ikebukuro shuddered.
The tower itself rattled, and broken fragments of glass, steel,
and stone scattered with the force of an explosion. The aftershocks of the energy unleashed turned into bluish-white sparks,
crawling through the air.
The wire stretching out from Haruyuki’s back trailed into a
massive breach around the tower’s tenth floor. There was a rumbling roar, and he stared, awestruck, as a river of water surged
from the hole. Straining his eyes, the water appeared to contain
strange, aquatic creatures of varying sizes. The afterglow lighting
up their scales red, they danced in the sky and fell to the park on
the first floor, splashing about.
Haruyuki finally realized that in the real-world Sunshine City,
there would have been an aquarium around this spot. Most likely,
that had been re-created here in the Accelerated World, and the
crashing Disaster had shattered the tanks.

Toward the end of the outflow of giant fish and amphibians,
something that looked like a lump of metal popped out of the hole
and was caught, limp, on one of the twisted girders.
Chrome Disaster. In such bad shape, he was nearly unrecognizable. Half of his left arm had been torn off, and his right leg
had been smashed like scrap iron. His armor plating was furrowed and crushed, wholly lacking its former sheen.
From innumerable lesions, a near-terrifying amount of black
liquid spewed, melting into the air and disappearing before it
even hit the ground. Given his condition, it was amazing Chrome
Disaster didn’t disappear from the field that second.
Haruyuki blinked his eyes tightly, told himself that this was
not the time to let these feelings out, and went to lower Disaster’s
body to the ground, using the wire that still connected them. Niko
would probably arrive soon.
He ascended slightly, and the taut wire hoisted up the Armor’s
right arm.
“Rooooooooooo!!” Suddenly, a howl emanated from the beast
at an unspeakable volume.
From inside the hood-shaped helmet of Chrome Disaster’s
abruptly raised face, a countless number of very long fangs appeared and opened wide.
His right hand snared at the air like a claw, and Haruyuki’s
body was yanked back irresistibly.
After unexpectly dropping several meters, Haruyuki put every
bit of force he had into pumping his wings to resist the demonic
pull. The straining wire screamed. Before his eyes, the hungry
fangs snapped open and closed.
“Nngaaah!” Wailing, Haruyuki desperately fought back.

Chrome Disaster’s “predation” had a damage recovery effect. If he
got eaten now, this thing would be all healed up and go after Niko
again, and then Kuroyukihime.
Tearing his gaze away from the terrifying maw, Haruyuki
looked straight up.
The sky of the Unlimited Neutral Field, night approaching,
was almost entirely covered by inky black clouds, but between the
breaks, he could faintly see stars. He reached out his right hand
to a remarkably large red star among them. Making a tight fist,
Haruyuki cried out.
“Ngaaaaaaah!”
The air roared, and the thrust of his silver wings increased the
metallic attraction. Flying perpendicularly as if popping out,
Haruyuki started scrambling up the exterior wall of Sunshine
tower rapidly, the Armor still dangling below him. The shock
wave rippled the wall like a wave, and the glass followed, shattering.
Reaching the summit of the tower mere seconds later, he
kicked at one of the strange thorns stretching out horizontally
from the edge and used the reaction to change his orientation,
turning back toward Chrome Disaster, still borne along by the
wire.
“Nngaaah!!” As he yelled, he drove a right Kick into the
Armor’s throat. The lower half of the helmet went flying with a
sharp metallic clatter, and the obsidian fangs crumbled.
Still in the same posture, he began plummeting at full speed.
The silver avatar and its blackish-silver counterpart became one,
streaking toward the ground like a falling star.
Then…

The darkness inside Disaster’s helmet disintegrated with a
puff. What appeared inside was a simply designed mask with a
light pink hue. The horizontal ellipses that were its eyes blinked
hazily, and a small voice—that of a boy—spoke, a lingering innocence in its tone.
“I…want…to be stronger. That’s all…”
Continuing to dive even now, Haruyuki opened his eyes wide.
He met the other’s, almost as if trying to peer in, and the peachcolored avatar pressed further, “You…you can understand that,
right? You want…power, too, don’t you?”
Hearing those words, Haruyuki felt an intense heat well up
deep within him.
Rage. Overwhelming fury.
“You wanted to be strong?” Haruyuki said, still concentrating
all the thrust of his wings into the right foot piercing the Armor’s
neck. His question instantly swelled to a shout, which practically
erupted from his throat.
“So you’re saying that gives you the right to do whatever you
want?! You’re saying that makes putting on that armor, attacking
huge numbers of avatars, and even trying to eat your own child—
eat Niko—totally acceptable?!”
Their dive had already passed the tower’s halfway point. If he
didn’t pull out soon, he’d be in trouble, too. He knew that, and yet
he couldn’t stop the words rushing out of him.
I want to be stronger. He had, in fact, been repeating those
words over and over like a spell for a while now. He felt inferior
to pretty much everyone and had become completely obsessed
with his ridiculous training. But coming to the field today and
fighting his way through more battles than he could count,
Haruyuki finally understood that he had forgotten something im-

portant.
Strength was definitely not relative.
Superficial standards like winning or losing duels, or being
higher or lower than someone, had no value.
It was him. The sole, absolute standard was inside himself.
“It’s not just you!” Haruyuki mustered every scrap of vocal
strength he had to shout. “I mean, Niko…and Kuroyukihime…and
Taku, and the other Burst Linkers…and Chiyu, and the kids at
school, the teachers, too, everyone thinks that!! ‘I want to be
stronger, I want to live strong…I want to be able to stand up and
face all the hard things myself,’ everyone thinks that!!”
Fragments of the Armor, unable to withstand the speed of
their descent, peeled away, immediately turning into light particles and disappearing. Even the darkness leaking from the countless wounds emitted heat the instant it touched the wall of air and
burned up.
The avatar contained in the helmet said nothing more.
Without even trying to decelerate or withdraw, Haruyuki
plunged forward as one with the Armor.
The two entangled avatars crashed at a terrifying speed into
roughly the center of the large staircase that stretched out from
the entrance of the park to the tower, causing a final, massive explosion.

8
The fact that Haruyuki still had about 20 percent of his HP gauge
left, even after being swallowed up in a pillar of fire that reached
up to the sky and then jostled by the shock wave, was because he
had taken almost no damage in the impact itself.
Punching out an enormous crater by crashing into the large
staircase at Sunshine City, Chrome Disaster’s armor—the Enhanced Armament—was finally completely destroyed. The armor
broke into thousands of metal fragments and went flying, and
from its core, particles of thick darkness jetted straight up, acting
as a cushion and repelling Haruyuki’s avatar back into the sky.
He felt the wire on his back severed, perhaps struck by shrapnel.
Tossed about like a scrap of litter in the enormous explosion,
Haruyuki curled his body up intently and endured the damage
whittling down his gauge. He somehow managed to break free of
the intensely hot sphere and descended haltingly, thin lines of
smoke trailing from all over his body. Unable to stand up again
once he’d landed, he crumpled to his knees.
When he raised his face, the pillar of flame mixing orange and
black was just beginning to diffuse into the atmosphere and disappear. The embers pouring down like rain bounced off gray tiles
and withered trees, making their surroundings glow red.
The large staircase had been pitted near the middle in the
shape of a mortar blast, and in the center of this, he could see a
small avatar lying half-buried on its side. The cherry-pink armor
was completely scorched and absent its left hand and right foot.
Extremely faint light in the elliptical eye lens, which seemed humorous somehow, blinked irregularly and disappeared.

Such a powerless and pitiful figure. He found it incredibly
hard to believe that this was the avatar that had put on the evil
armor and slaughtered so many so ruthlessly.
Crouching, unable to move, Haruyuki only heard the sound of
the small footsteps approaching him from behind. His left shoulder was slapped lightly.
“You did it, Silver Crow. Now leave it to me.”
Haruyuki stared silently at the back of the Red King as she
stepped forward and then descended into the crater.
He thought about standing up and following her, but he
quickly reconsidered. He got the feeling that the final conversation between those two was something he shouldn’t overhear.
The two duel avatars, the same red family and nearly the same
size, one prostrate, the other standing, appeared to exchange
words for a brief while. Finally, the red girl-shaped avatar knelt
down beside the light peach boy-shaped avatar, held up the
ragged body, left arm severed, and hugged it tightly.
The gun in her right hand raised softly.
The barrel pressed against the boy’s chest.
Despite its impressive name, both the sound and the light of
the Judgment Blow were modest. But the instant the virtual bullet pierced the avatar, something happened that Haruyuki had
never before witnessed.
The boy avatar disassembled into countless ribbons, each one
a luminous, minute series of code. All the information that made
up the duel avatar by the name of Cherry Rook unraveled, divided, and melted into the sky of the Accelerated World.
Roughly ten seconds later, there was nothing left in Niko’s
arms.

The crimson avatar, slumped down on the spot, threw her
head back to look up at the sky, which was painted almost entirely black in the twilight.
Haruyuki wobbled to his feet and started walking toward the
explosion’s epicenter, dragging his right foot, which had suffered
a fairly serious injury. A few seconds later, he arrived behind
Niko and stopped to her right, but a mixture of every type of emotion tripped him up and prevented any words from coming out.
Finally, Niko blurted, “Me and Cherry, we don’t know our parents.”
He couldn’t grasp her meaning right away. When his breath
articulated the question in his heart, her words returned, quietly.
“And by ‘parents,’ I don’t mean where we got our copies of
Brain Burst, okay? I mean, the real world…our real parents. I told
you before that my school’s a boarding school, right? The truth is,
it’s a ‘school for the total care and education of abandoned children.’” Haruyuki could only listen respectfully to the words Niko,
still plopped down on the ground, dispassionately uttered.
The policy of taking in newborn babies unconditionally had
started in hospitals and similar places at the beginning of the century. As a step in the countermeasures against the acceleration of
the decreasing birthrate and aging population, this policy had become law around the year 2030, and welfare institutions that
doubled as schools were established in every region. And it was
true that there was one such school in the Red Legion–controlled
Nerima Ward.
“I-it’s ’cos of this personality. Even at school, I don’t fit in. I
was always playing VR games by myself. But three years ago…this
guy two grades ahead of me suddenly starts talking to me, right?
He says, there’s an even better game, asks if I wanna try it.” She
let out a small laugh before continuing.

“An invite like that, and I still let him direct. But, you know, he
was just so sincere, all red in the face, you practically laughed.
And that didn’t change after I became a Burst Linker, either. He
taught me all these things super seriously, and when I got in trouble, he’d be a shield and protect me and stuff. But soon I caught
up with his level. And then I passed him. And before I knew it, I’d
somehow gotten to level nine. And once I was pushed into the Legion Master thing, I was frantic, too. It’s almost like I didn’t even
care about what he was thinking or the problems he was having.
In the real…When we’d meet at school, I didn’t even notice he
was acting weird.”
Niko’s right hand scratched at the ground. Facing down,
shoulders shaking, the young King squeezed out a thin voice. “He
wanted to stay my ‘parent’ forever. And he wanted me to stay his
‘child.’ That’s why he sought power. He lost to the temptation of
the Armor of Catastrophe. I-if I had just said something, just told
him. That levels and stuff don’t matter, you’ll always be my only
‘parent.’ That that would never change.”
Back still rounded, little, softly weeping Niko crouched over…
For a moment, Haruyuki couldn’t find anything to say.
The Burst Linker “guardian-child” relationship. Connected in
the same way with Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki had thought he understood the weight of that. But for Niko and Cherry Rook, for
these two who didn’t know their real parents, it was no doubt the
only indelible bond they’d made. And Niko had severed that with
her own hand. She’d had no other choice.
Haruyuki worked to swallow back the things welling up in
him, kneeled down, and placed a gentle hand on Niko’s shoulder.
“Niko. It’s true, Brain Burst isn’t just a game. But…it’s not the
whole of our reality, either.”
Thinking, he started to talk, and the bitter sobs quieted

slightly. “I mean, I’m always scared of being powerless. I’m
scared of being abandoned by her. But…I know the real her. I
know her face, her name, her voice. No matter what happens, that
bond’s not going anywhere. I mean, it’s not digital. It’s carved
into my heart. Which is why—Which is why you can still be
friends with him again in the real world. You should be able to. I
mean, you and us, we’re in different Legions in the Accelerated
World, but in the real world, we managed to become actual
friends.”
The low sobbing continued for a while longer but finally
melted, as if swept up by the slight wind blowing away the twilight. Her back shuddered conspicuously one final time, and Niko
wiped her avatar’s eyes with her right arm before brushing away
Haruyuki’s hand, still resting on her shoulder.
“Friends…you say?” Her voice was hoarse and shaking, but it
had reclaimed just a little of its impudent tone. The childish King
stood abruptly, looked down at Haruyuki with red lenses, and
spoke. “Were you born yesterday?! At best, you managed to become one of my subordinates! Don’t get carried away!!”
“Wh-what?!” Haruyuki was about to continue in protest when
a cool voice from behind interrupted.
“Hey. Just who is whose subordinate?”
Whirling around, Haruyuki saw the ashen avatar, her entire
body in tatters but standing solidly—Black Lotus.
And the indigo-blue avatar Cyan Pile supported her left arm.
“K-Kuroyukihime! Taku!!” Crying out, Haruyuki practically
flew over to them. “A-are you okay, Kuroyukihime? And Taku,
how—” he started to ask before he finally remembered.
Immediately prior to entering the battle with the Yellow Legion, Takumu himself had explained it. Burst Linkers who die in

the Unlimited Neutral Field were resurrected in the same place
after a one-hour standby penalty. Which meant that much time
had already passed before he’d even realized it.
“Taku…honestly, you were totally crazy to do that,” he grumbled.
Takumu spread out a hand and replied, “You say that, Haru,
but look at the terrible shape you’re in. Going after Chrome Disaster by yourself…I mean, that’s beyond crazy.”
“I take after our master.”
And that master separated herself from Cyan Pile and hovered
on one leg to stand immediately before Niko. Kuroyukihime
waved the tip of the sword of her right hand and uttered in a
somehow arrogant voice, “Now then, Scarlet Rain. Don’t you have
something to say to me?”
Right fist trembling for a while, the Red King finally jutted her
face up. “Sorry.”
“Come on! Is that it? Honestly, this is exactly why I—”
“Wh-what about you?! We were out there fighting our butts off
while you were just taking a nap!!”
“What did you say?”
“What, you don’t like it?”
Haruyuki and Takumu inserted themselves placatingly and
desperately between the two Kings facing off, red and bluish-purple sparks scattering.
Suddenly, a remarkably strong wind blew down from the enormous tower of Sunshine City, and Haruyuki unconsciously closed
his eyes.

“Oh,” Niko murmured.
Followed by Kuroyukihime. “Come, Haruyuki. Look. It’s the
Change.”
“Ch-change?” Haruyuki asked in response as he lifted his face
to see—
The unbelievable sight of the world rapidly changing around
him.
The city, nothing more than blue-black steel and desolate
ground unfolding infinitely, was covered in a wave of light like an
aura rolling in from the east. Caressed by this curtain, the bleak,
naked steel structures of the town were transformed into a series
of large trees with thick trunks. Cavities to be used as entrances
and stairs winding around the trunks were built into the trees,
with suspension bridges reaching out to connect thick branch to
branch. The city became an elf country straight out of a fantasy
movie.
In the dead of night, the thick growth of leaves were enveloped
in a faint blue phosphorescence that illuminated the floor of the
forest. As Haruyuki stood there dumbfounded, a rainbow-colored
aura drew near, wrapped up the world in front of him with a roar,
and faded to the rear.
“Ah! S-Sunshine is…”
In the place where there had been an enormous tower, the castle of the King of Hell a moment before, he saw a tree so enormous it very nearly pierced the heavens, and Haruyuki caught his
breath.
The trunk, covered in a golden-green moss, stretched up vertically, gnarled knots popping up here and there, while the top of
the tree melted into the clouds in the distant sky above. Here and
there along the trunk, terraces—small forests themselves—jutted

out, and particles of blue light spilled down to the ground. A majestic presence worthy of the name World Tree.
But why on earth would the field transform like that?
When he shifted his attention to ask the question, Kuroyukihime had the air of a slight smile wafting around her injured
avatar as she replied. “Come now, I told you that its affinity was
‘chaos’ when we first dived into this field.”
“Uh-huh, so then…”
“That, in other words, means that the affinity of this world
changes at fixed times. But most of the time, it’s just brutal.
You’re lucky. The field almost never shows itself in this kind of
beautiful form.”
“Uh-huh.” Haruyuki filled his lungs with air that had adopted
a sweetness in scent and flavor and nodded several times. It had
been a tough, painful series of battles, but for the first time, he
felt glad to be here.
I still don’t have enough power to fight here. But I’ll get
strong enough so that one day, I can fly freely through this
world’s skies. And I’ll probably keep losing again and again in
very uncool ways, but…one day, for sure.
“I’d ask you to pick us up and fly again. But when the Change
happens, the Enemies are completely repopped. Loitering’s dangerous right now. We’ll just be good kids and go home.”
“Let’s.” Kuroyukihime nodded at Niko’s suggestion. “Whoops!
Before we do, though, I nearly forgot something important.”
Looking around once, she continued in a more severe tone,
“Everyone. Open your status screen and check your item storage.
If the Armor of Catastrophe is there, you must get rid of it. So the
same thing does not happen again.”

Haruyuki’s eyes flew open.
Right, we have to check that at least.
When the previous Chrome Disaster had been subjugated at
the hands of the Seven Kings of Pure Color two and a half years
earlier, the Kings supposedly did the exact same thing. And
they’d all reported that the armor hadn’t been transferred.
However, that had been a lie. There was no proof, but the
armor had been dropped into the Yellow King’s storage. The Yellow King had concealed this fact and had only recently contacted
Cherry Rook, who belonged to the Red Legion, and given him the
armor. To have him break the nonaggression pact due to the poisonous nature of the armor, and then take compensation for this
“crime” with Niko’s head.
Just as Kuroyukihime had said, the same tragedy must not
happen again. Haruyuki stretched out a hand, touched his HP
gauge, and moved from the open status screen to the item storage.
The window was completely empty. He nearly burned a hole
into it with his gaze, but there wasn’t a single line of text there.
“I don’t have it.”
Haruyuki gave his answer, lifting his head, and was followed
by Niko’s “Me neither,” Takumu’s “Nor me as well,” and shakes of
their heads. Finally, Kuroyukihime murmured, “Nor I,” and the
four of them fell silent for a moment.
Cherry Rook, the fifth Chrome Disaster, had definitely had
Brain Burst forcefully uninstalled with Niko’s Judgment Blow.
When its owner lost all his points, the Enhanced Armament was
supposedly transferred with a fixed probability to the storage of
those who had defeated the owner. In which case, this time, not
having been transferred, it had finally been completely destroyed.

Probably.
Since it was impossible to see anyone else’s status screen,
there was always the possibility that someone was concealing the
armor like the Yellow King had. However…
“It’s gone, this time for sure,” Haruyuki declared in a clear
voice.
Niko assented right away. “Yeah. We’re not that jerk Radio,
and…I don’t think anyone here’s stupid enough to fight him, fight
Disaster, and then go and make the thing their own. The Armor
of Catastrophe is gone. We totally destroyed it.”
“Uh-huh. I could see that explosion from South Ikebukuro.
That’s probably proof it was annihilated, right?” Takumu also
nodded.
Finally, Kuroyukihime declared firmly, “Good. Settling things
with the Yellow King will have to wait until next time or later, but
in any case—mission complete. Now, perhaps we should go home
and raise a glass?”
“Ooh! Okay, let’s have champagne! Champagne!”
“Idiot. Children drink juice.”
Quarreling once again, the two Kings began walking. Takumu
and Haruyuki followed them, grinning wryly.
At the root of the World Tree, a large cave opened up illuminated by the same blue light he’d seen when it was a steel tower
was shining inside. They headed toward the swirling, shining
withdrawal point, and walking last in the line, Haruyuki’s ears—
A voice that somehow wasn’t—
“Huh?” He turned around automatically, but of course, there
was no one there.

“What’s wrong, Haru?”
At the sound of Takumu’s question, he hurried to turn again
and shook his head. “No, nothing! Aah, I’m like ten times more
tired than after a regular duel. I’m starving. I can’t go on…”
“Hey, come on! You know, in the real world, we ate cake, like,
just a few seconds ago.”
“Gah! I forgot…” Bantering with his friend, he slipped through
the entrance enclosed by the thick tree trunk.
The base of the World Tree turned into an expansive semisphere of a dome. In the center, a blue portal, which contained a
view of the real-world Ikebukuro, floated like a mirage. Following
his friends and moving forward a few steps, Haruyuki turned
around just one more time.
Must be imagining things, he murmured in his head before
quickly facing forward again.
But the instant he leaped into the slowly rotating portal, the
strange voice rang out behind his head once more.
This is what he heard:
Want to eat.

9
Haruyuki glared intently at the steel holes created by the eight
spiraling grooves of the rifling.
Saturday. Four PM.
He was in the middle of the public Territory Battle to protect
Suginami Area No. 3, controlled by the Black Legion, Nega Nebulus.
A three-person team with a balance of blue, red, and purple
had come to challenge them. It was a lineup that had often been
coming to attack for a while now. Which was to say, they were
also the opponents to whom Haruyuki had clumsily lost repeatedly.
The one he was particularly bad with was a sniper-type avatar
in a dark red cloak, equipped with a large antiaircraft rifle. It
would conceal itself on the rooftop of a building quite far from the
front line and launch incredibly powerful bullets with terrifying
precision.
Since of the three members of Nega Nebulus, Kuroyukihime
and Takumu were actively close-range types, Haruyuki necessarily had to take on the enemy sniper, being a high-maneuverability
type. That said, because he didn’t have any long-range attack
power, he needed to fly in close once he’d determined the sniper’s
position.
But in the Territory Battles up to that point, Haruyuki had
been ignobly shot down time after time, unable to dodge the
enemy sniping in the course of closing the distance. To compen-

sate, he was forced to join up with Kuroyukihime’s powerful battle abilities, and every weekend, he fell victim to fierce bouts of
self-hatred.
And now again from the roof of a building a kilometer ahead,
the black gun muzzle was precisely trained on Haruyuki flying
hard.
Since approaching in a straight line was the equivalent of saying Please shoot me, Haruyuki carried out maneuvers as randomly as possible to escape the enemy scope, sometimes even entering the shadow of some cover on the ground. But no matter
what the technique, at the end of it, the large-diameter rifle always snapped back onto Haruyuki without the slightest delay.
When are you going to shoot? Now? Now?
Here and there passing before his eyes at high speeds were the
figures of people in the gallery. Especially right after he started
playing, Haruyuki had been pretty popular as the possessor of the
sole flight ability, but now that walk-throughs had been studied,
the gallery was mostly exposed to scenes of him crashing awkwardly. And they were disappointed—that would have been better, actually. Lately, he thought they had gotten past that and
likely reached the sneering stage, and everything got hot inside
his head.
And on top of that, in the battlefield to the rear, Takumu and
Kuroyukihime, taking on the enemy close-range types, were
probably casting their eyes his way during the pauses in battle.
Wondering if today would be the day he took care of the sniper or
if they would have to follow up yet again.
Just when are you going to fire? Hurry up and shoot already.
And set me free from this ridiculous pressure. In desperation,
Haruyuki unthinkingly started to drop into a headlong advance.
His eyes popped open.

This is just a repeat of last week. Didn’t I learn anything?
Obviously, no one gets stronger overnight. And just because I
practiced a bit doesn’t mean I can suddenly dodge bullets now.
But I can totally change the way I think anytime .
It’s not like I’m fighting to look cool for the gallery. And it’s
not for Takumu’s approval or Kuroyukihime’s praise.
It’s for me. I’m fighting because I want to like myself, the menial, weak, thickheaded me I hate so much, just a little more
than I did yesterday.
In which case—
“You’re not running!!” Haruyuki scolded himself in a low voice
and focused more on seeing with his eyes.
Don’t look at the gun barrel. That antiaircraft rifle’s not the
enemy. The avatar holding it, finger on the trigger. The Burst
Linker moving the avatar. The will to attack itself, sent out by
that brain—feel it!
Haruyuki mustered every drop of willpower, took his eyes off
the gun, and stared straight at the right eye of the enemy sniper
peering through the scope.
And for some reason, he got the sense the enemy was shaken.
Immediately, a flash of orange light flickered from that direction, and a glittering bullet was released from the rifle’s maw.
Before he even saw it close in, drawing out its spiral vortex,
Haruyuki shifted the angle of his right wing slightly and twisted
his body. The bullet lightly grazed his right side with a whine and
flew off harmlessly behind him.
One-point-five seconds later, before his enemy had finished

pulling the rifle’s bolt handle, Haruyuki was driving a Punch into
its jaw.
“Well! Nice work avoiding that!”
The instant he returned to the real world, his back was
slapped, and Haruyuki leaped out of his chair. Turning around,
he saw the smiling face of Kuroyukihime, who had burst out a
step ahead of him.
It was their usual table at the back of the lounge, adjacent to
the student cafeteria at Umesato Junior High. Late on a Saturday
afternoon, there were no other students to be seen. Takumu had
apparently dived into the game from the roof, so he wasn’t there,
either.
“Oh yeah. Probably just lucky.”
Tucking his chin in as he spoke, he got the usual “What am I
going to do with you?” face.
“That wasn’t luck. It was superb timing. You must have had
some trigger to anticipate it?” Kuroyukihime sat up on the table,
crossed her arms, and stared him down.
After faltering a moment, he replied. “A trigger…I guess it was
just, the moment I looked at the scope instead of the muzzle of
the rifle, I got the sense that the sight shook. And then it was like
my reflexes took over and I dodged,” he mumbled, and Kuroyukihime snapped a single eyebrow up.
“Oh? Hmm…Yes, I see…It was that, then, was it?”
“What do you mean, you see?”
“Oh, well, that sniper. I had thought he was just too good at
maintaining a line of sight. Most likely having an ability you could
call ‘eye tracking,’ perhaps.”

“Eye tracking…?” Haruyuki asked in response, blinking furiously.
“Mmm. That is to say, track the eyes of an enemy looking at
the gun muzzle and automatically sight.”
“What?! Th-then, that means that up to now, I’ve been getting
shot down precisely because I’ve been staring so intently at that
gun muzzle?”
“It does.”
“Th-that’s…”
Seeing Haruyuki slumping back into his chair, mouth hanging
wide with shock, Kuroyukihime laughed gently.
“Don’t be so discouraged. Regardless of any tricks, being able
to dodge a bullet moving that fast is clearly the result of your efforts. This last month or so, your reaction speed has visibly improved. Have you been doing some kind of practice in secret?”
“Oh. Y-you can tell?”
As he shrank into himself even further, the slender, blackstocking-wrapped legs were nimbly crossed in front of him, and
Kuroyukihime moved her beautiful face, where neatness and
cleverness coexisted, into a faint smile.
“Naturally. I’m your ‘guardian.’ What kind of practice have you
been doing?”
“Uh, umm, well.” Haruyuki resigned himself and explained the
specifications of the training room he had constructed.
Instantly:
The crown of his head was struck, and Haruyuki let out a cry.
“Gaah?!”

“Y-y-you idiot!! Avoid a bullet with no one pulling the trigger
at that close range?! And with pain at maximum?!” Kuroyukihime
shouted, her expression fiery, and her right fist trembled momentarily.
She studied Haruyuki, who was sprouting tears and frozen
solid, let out a long breath, and abruptly grabbed his head with
both hands and pulled it close.
“Wh-wha—?! K-Kuroyukhime, wh—” When he started to hyperventilate at the softness communicated from the other side of
her uniform, she changed suddenly, and he heard a calm voice
above his head.
“I told you, didn’t I? That no matter what happens, I have no
intention of harming my relationship with you. Trust me. That is
an order.”
“O-okay.” When Haruyuki went limp and simply nodded, she
released his head and grinned.
“I’ll say this because it’s now, but the reason I accepted the
Red King’s request this time was because I thought perhaps it
could show you that winning or losing isn’t everything. Don’t
push yourself too hard. Get stronger for me bit by bit. I prefer it
like that. Now. Shall we be on our way?”
Haruyuki stared at the figure dressed in black as she stood up,
retrieving her bag from the table, and nodded deeply once more.
“Me, too. No matter what happens…I won’t hurt you again.”
He didn’t say it out loud but made sure to mutter it under his
breath.
“Hmm? Did you say something?”
“N-no, nothing!”
And then he pulled himself up from his chair and hurried to

follow after his guardian, his king, his classmate—the person he
loved.
Opening the door to his condo, a tiny trace of sweetness lingered
in the air that enveloped Haruyuki.
Although the dim hallway, returned to silence, was a sight he
should have been used to, it made him sad somehow. The two
Kings had only stayed here two nights, but it didn’t look like he’d
be forgetting the experience any time soon.
“I’m home,” he murmured, taking off his shoes before opening
the door to his deserted living room.
His mother was supposed to be back from her overseas business trip that morning, but she’d apparently just dumped her
suitcase and headed to the office. She had unbelievable energy.
Taking off his uniform jacket and hanging it on the back of a
chair along with his tie, Haruyuki noticed an icon blinking in the
corner of his visual field. As usual, his mother had left a message
on the home server.
He played the message back with a voice command while he
pulled a bottle of oolong tea out of the refrigerator. An indistinct
noise reached his auditory system, followed by his mother’s voice.
“Haruyuki, I’ll be late today, or I might not make it home at
all. Send the clothes in my suitcase out to the cleaner’s for me,
would you? Oh, and sorry, but we’re babysitting again. This time,
it’s my coworker’s kid, and it’s just for one night, so watch out for
her, okay? Please? She should already be there by the time you
get home. Okay, thanks.”
What did she say? Haruyuki froze, glass of oolong tea still
tilted. No way. It can’t. I mean, come on.
He took a gulp from the glass and then put it down. He held

his breath and looked around quietly.
The living room, the kitchen, completely deserted. The lights
were even off, and the air was still. Haruyuki had frantically
cleaned up last night, so there wasn’t a trace of the terrible spectacle of the retro gaming tournament of two days prior.
Holding his breath and letting his eyes race around, he heard
—
It was faint, but it was definitely a voice laughing somewhere.
“No. Way.” He moaned as he flew out of the living room at
lightning speed, dashed down the hall, and pushed open the door
to his own room at the end of it.
And then Haruyuki took a deep breath and let out a scream.
“Waaaah?!”
On his bed.
Flopped back, legs crossed, buried in a mountain of paper
manga from the last century smuggled out of his hiding spot, and
flipping through one of them—a girl in a pure red outfit.
“N-n-n-n—”
The girl glanced at the trembling Haruyuki, lifting her head. It
made the hair tied up on either side swing, and she smiled.
“Welcome home, big brother!”
“Wh-what are you—?!” Haruyuki shouted and crumpled on
the spot, pointing at the girl—Immobile Fortress, Bloody Storm,
the Red King Scarlet Rain, Yuniko Kozuki—mouth flapping before he finally manage to get words out. “Niko. Why are you
here?”
“Don’t make me explain the whole thing again. The whole

fake-mail thing.” Abruptly returning to her other tone, Niko
raised her torso. She flapped a volume of manga—definitely not
educational, the kind with people dying and explosions—and
grinned. “And this is some good taste you got here.”
“O-oh, thanks—No!!” Panting frantically, Haruyuki slumped
over and shook his head from side to side. “This is seriously too
much! The exact same social engineering in one day, I mean…”
“Come on. I figured I should at least say thanks, so here I am.”
He hurriedly bobbed his head at Niko, who was pursing her
lips sharply. “W-well, that is very thoughtful. Thanks.”
He would definitely be roasted whole in her overwhelming
firepower the next time she was in a bad mood that erupted into a
duel. “You’re welcome,” Haruyuki quickly managed, his lips spasming into a smile. “So that’s all you needed, then? You can make
your way out through that door—”
“Oh, is that your attitude? Hmm. And here I was thinking I’d
give you a follow-up report, and this is how you are?”
“I-I’m listening! I’m listening!” Haruyuki dropped to his knees
to sit formally; after glancing down at him from up on the bed
and bringing the slender legs stretching out from her cut-off jeans
up to sit cross-legged, Niko gave him a sharp look. But luckily for
him, she continued to speak without making trouble.
“It’s about Chrome Disaster.”
Haruyuki swallowed hard and switched tracks. He would have
to report back to Kuroyukihime on everything she said henceforth.
“Last night, I notified the Five Kings, including the Radio jerk,
that I had executed Disaster. And so anyway, that’s the end of
that. Although personally, I’d like to make some kind of fuss

about Yellow swiping the Armor. Unfortunately, I’ve got no proof,
so…”
“Right.” Haruyuki nodded slowly. Timidly, he continued, “So
then, um, what about Cherry Rook?”
Niko fell silent briefly and looked up at the winter evening sky
peeking through the south window. Narrowing her deep green
eyes, blinking her long lashes once, she answered quietly. “He
said he’s moving next month.”
“What?”
“Some distant relative stepped up after all this time saying
they wanna take him in. All the expenses at our school are covered by taxes, so students can’t say no to offers like that. He said
he’s moving to Fukuoka.”
“He is? That’s far.”
“Yeah, I guess. So he was in a hurry. Once he moves, his only
connection with me would have been Brain Burst. And on top of
that, there are almost no Burst Linkers outside Tokyo. If you can’t
fight, you can’t level up. And then his impatience got eaten up by
the Armor…” Making a gesture like she was swallowing something back, Niko smiled faintly.
“But maybe because Brain Burst is gone, today he was…he
looked like the old him, from when he first started talking to me.
Even though he hadn’t been coming to class lately or talking to
anyone, today he actually chatted with me. And, you know, I was
thinking. Even if he’s not a Burst Linker anymore, even if he’s
moving to Fukuoka, the VR world isn’t just the Accelerated
World, right?”
She turned her gaze on him, and Haruyuki nodded deeply.
“Y-yeah. Of course.”

“So, like, I hadn’t thought about it before now, but…I figured I
might try some other VR game. One I could play for a long time
with him. If you know any good ones, let me know.”
“Right, okay.” He nodded, again repeatedly, and then replied:
“Well, you can take whichever ones you want that I have here. Although I am kinda biased when it comes to genre.”
“Ha-ha-ha!” Niko smiled and abruptly turned away, digging
around in a small backpack off to her side. She pulled out a
brown paper bag and tossed it up, and Haruyuki hurried to catch
it in both hands.
“Wh-what’s this?”
“Yeah…It’s, uh, a thank-you. You scarfed it down the other
day, all ‘so gooood,’ right?”
Craning his neck and opening the paper bag, the smell of
sweet butter wafted up. He could see the faces of several golden
discs from under the white paper towel wrapping.
Dazed, he pulled out one of the cookies, still a little warm, and
timidly asked Niko, “What? A-are you sure—?”
“What? If you don’t want ’em, give ’em back!” She glared at
him, and he hurriedly shook his head.

“I want them, I want them! Th-thanks. I was just a little surprised.” Turning his face down, he bit into the cookie in his hand.
It was sweet and fragrant and a little salty.
The taste of reality, he thought. This is the flavor symbolizing
something in reality. And that something’s the fact that me and
Niko can be friends in the real world, for real.
“Hrng.” A strange noise slipped out of his throat.
Curling up his body as best he could, desperately hiding his
face, he took another bite of the treat. He heard a high-pitched
cry from on top of the bed.
“Y-y-you’re crying! I-idiot! Go to hell!!”
He lowered his face into the bed, and listening to Niko’s voice
continuing to berate him, Haruyuki kept chomping down the
cookies, a little saltier now.
END

AFTERWORD
It’s been a while, or maybe this is the first time. Reki Kawahara
here. Thank you for reading Accel World 2: The Red Storm
Princess.
I was told about two billion times that the afterword in the last
volume was “too formal!” or “pretentious!” or “who are you?” so
this time, I’d like to do it with a tiny bit more delicacy.
About twice a week, I get on my good-for-nothing bike and ride
out to a farm not far from my house, about thirty-five kilometers
north along the river. Last year, two kittens were born on this
farm. And of course, even these kids, who were such cuties as
first, grew up at an incredible speed (lol). Before I knew it, they
had gotten so huge, and for the most part, that’s fine, but what
bothers me is that when I eat some sweet bread on a bench at the
farm instead of an extra meal, they come flying at me really forcefully now, demanding some bread with loud meows.
I feel like it’s not a particularly good idea to give cats bread,
and more important, I’m very much not interested in having my
precious calories taken from me, so, crafty me, I decided to bring
some of those little dried sardines with me along with the sweet
bread and give them those. What a good person! Go ahead and
compliment me!
However. The sardines I offered up so confidently (domestically made, no less) were only sniffed at by the cats and ignored.
Then they started clamoring—Who would eat such a fish? Give us
a break, give us the bread. You can understand my amazement,
I’m sure. Until that time, I had believed all the writings stating

that these creatures called cats universally loved sardines. But
that was not the case. Cats who have been raised not eating fish
will end up not liking fish.
The result of all this being that I now spend my days being
squeezed by this gang for approximately 10 percent of my precious sweet bread.
The moral of this apparently pointless story is that things you
think may make others happy may not necessarily make others
happy. Yes…Even so, I do hope you all enjoyed this book, which I
worked hard in my own way to write.
Illustrator, HIMA, and my editor, Miki, you have again helped me
out so much.
Thank you to my friends on the IRC channel, who cheer me up
when I tend to lose heart so easily, and everyone who sent me encouraging messages on the website.
And you reading this far, you have my deepest gratitude.
Reki Kawahara
March 30, 2009

