1

2

Just Light Novels

Stay up to date on Light Novel Updates
by Joining our DISCORD group

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

ACCEL WORLD, Volume 16
REKI KAWAHARA
Translation by Jocelyne Allen
Cover art by HIMA
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and
incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used
fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons,
living or dead, is coincidental.
ACCEL WORLD Vol. 16
© REKI KAWAHARA 2014
First published in Japan in 2014 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION,
Tokyo.
English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION,
Tokyo, through Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.
English translation © 2018 by Yen Press, LLC
Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of
copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and
artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without
permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you
would like permission to use material from the book (other than for
review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your
support of the author’s rights.
Yen On

10

1290 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10104
Visit us at yenpress.com
facebook.com/yenpress
twitter.com/yenpress
yenpress.tumblr.com
instagram.com/yenpress
First Yen On Edition: December 2018
Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.
The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.
The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that
are not owned by the publisher.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Names: Kawahara, Reki, author. | HIMA (Comic book artist)
illustrator. | Beepee, designer. | Allen, Jocelyne, 1974–
translator.
Title: Accel World / Reki Kawahara ; illustrations, HIMA ; design,
bee-pee ; translation by Jocelyne Allen.
Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2014–
Identifiers: LCCN 2014025099 | ISBN 9780316376730 (v. 1 : pbk.) |
ISBN 9780316296366 (v. 2 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296373 (v. 3 :
pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296380 (v. 4 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296397
(v. 5 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296403 (v. 6 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316358194 (v. 7 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316317610 (v. 8 : pbk.)
| ISBN 9780316502702 (v. 9 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316466059 (v.
10 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316466066 (v. 11 : pbk.) | ISBN

11

9780316466073 (v. 12 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975300067 (v. 13 :
pbk.) | ISBN 9781975327231 (v. 14 : pbk.) | ISBN
9781975327255 (v. 15 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975327279 (v. 16 :
pbk.)
Subjects: CYAC: Science fiction. | Virtual reality—Fiction. |
Fantasy.
Classification: LCC PZ7.K1755Kaw 2014 | DDC [Fic]—dc23
LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2014025099
ISBNs: 978-1-9753-2727-9 (paperback)
978-1-9753-2728-6 (ebook)
E3-20181108-JV-NF-ORI

12

13

14

15

A single, straight line tore through the eternal evening sky. The inky
beam shot forth from the upper floors of Tokyo Midtown Tower
parallel with the ground, passed overhead full strength, and
disappeared into the distant northeastern sky.
What would happen if that beam reached the end of the Accelerated
World? Would it disappear without a sound? Cause an enormous
explosion? Tear a hole in the very fabric of the world?
As she considered this question, the Burst Linker Magenta Scissor—
aka Rui Odagiri—returned her gaze to the source of the beam.
She was sitting in the plaza in the middle of Akasaka Sakas, a largescale commercial facility in Minato Ward Area No. 1. At Midtown
Tower, some eight hundred meters to the southwest, the Black
Legion was fighting the ISS kit main body. She couldn’t actually see
the scene of the battle, but she felt the waves of rage from the main
kit that came through the terminal, parasitizing her chest armor.
…No. This rage and hatred the main kit generated had been
produced bit by bit in the hearts of kit users like Rui. So some
percentage of this black undulation could be said to have originally
been Rui’s own.
The ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle once explained the
difference between hatred and anger, saying that anger is born out
of poor treatment of oneself or something that includes oneself.
Anger is accompanied by pain and will heal someday if given time.
Hatred, however, is born from some cause not directly connected
with oneself. Thus, hatred is not accompanied by pain, and
therefore, will not be healed by time.

16

Rui was angry with the Burst Linkers who persecuted the weak with
their power, and she hated the system of the Accelerated World that
allowed this.
A duel avatar was supposedly born with the player’s mental trauma
as the mold, which was why there was an infinite variety of forms
and abilities. But everyone was supposed to have the same potential.
This, however, had turned out to be rubbish. Every single Burst
Linker knew there was an absolute unfairness in a duel avatar’s
strength or appearance. The majority just pretended they couldn’t
see it.
For Rui, the members of the Black Legion, Nega Nebulus—the Black
King and the Four Elements that were the Legion’s executive power
in particular—were symbols of the unfairness of the Accelerated
World. Their dashing, beautiful, pure appearances. Fighting abilities
such that their avatars were crowned with nicknames. They rose up
in revolt against the six major Legions, took on the challenge of the
impregnable Castle, and although the Legion was destroyed once,
they rose up again—even these legends could be read as signs that
they were “chosen ones.”
Rui had never fought the Black King nor the Four Elements. So then,
according to Aristotle, what she felt toward them was not anger, but
rather hatred. A feeling akin to a curse that no amount of time could
ever resolve.
But today, Rui had finally tangled with this Legion. With thirteen likeminded ISS kit users, she had waited for them in the Unlimited
Neutral Field and dared to fight them, mustering up every bit of
strength she had.
And she’d lost. To be honest, it hadn’t even been close.
The ISS kit gave its users the close-range technique Dark Blow and
the long-distance technique Dark Shot. Given that both were

17

almighty void-element Incarnate techniques, they were impossible to
defend against with normal means. Once you mastered these two
powers, inequality was erased in the realm of battle power.
Powerless duel avatars, seemingly born to be prey for the strong,
were now able to fight on a level equal to or greater than that of the
members of the Legions of the Seven Kings of Pure Color. That was
how it was supposed to be.
But the power of the Black King and the Four Elements far surpassed
Rui’s expectations. The Dark Blow was evaded, and the Dark Shot
was deflected; she’d been unable to land even a single real blow.
It hadn’t been just the executives, either. The three younger
members of Nega Nebulus—Silver Crow, Lime Bell, and Cyan Pile—
hadn’t so much as flinched at taking on the kit users, who beat them
in number if nothing else and had fought ferociously, even as they
grew more and more battered. Cyan Pile and his Incarnate sword,
presumably kneaded into existence by the avatar himself now that
he had escaped from the kit’s control, had even managed to cut
down Rui’s Remote Cut, an ability she had absolute confidence in
against a close-range avatar.
And further shocking to her was the fact that Silver Crow had tried to
use his own body as a shield to defend against the laser attack of the
massive Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron when it had
suddenly charged onto the battlefield. He hadn’t just provided cover
for the Black Legion but also for Rui’s group.
Before she knew it, Rui was stepping into the sea of flames produced
by the aftermath of the laser to hold Crow up. The order to destroy
the small duel avatar came at her relentlessly from the ISS kit
parasitizing her chest, threatening to rip her in two, but even so, Rui
had kept her grip on Crow’s shoulders. In that instant, she
understood she had lost.

18

…And yet. Perhaps she’d started to sense it would come to this a few
days earlier. Ever since she had fought Silver Crow and lost when he
tried to defend the territory-less ephemeral Legion, Petit Paquet, in
Setagaya Area.
The jet-black beam that had cut across the sky above her head a few
seconds before was the original Dark Shot, fired by the ISS kit main
body tucked away at the top of Midtown Tower. Its power was tens
of times greater than the terminal’s. Any duel avatar it hit would be
instantly destroyed; it might have been the most powerful attack in
the Accelerated World.
But the Black King and the others wouldn’t lose. Through the
terminal biting into her chest, Rui felt not only the main kit’s rage
and hatred, but also a deep fear. She had thought the kit was
nothing more than a soulless lump of malice, but it was trembling
with fear—with terror.
So was there no meaning to what I did in the end? Did I only invite
confusion into the Accelerated World—simply spread hatred and
sadness?
Rui looked back again as she asked herself these questions. The
thirteen Burst Linkers who she had given—no, parasitized with—the
kits were sitting slumped over, as if they had exhausted their
strength.
There was a portal in the broadcast building that rose up to the rear
of the Sakas plaza, but after walking the kilometer or so from
Midtown Tower, she had decided to watch over the Black Legion’s
battle rather than leave right away. But her comrades’ eyes were
vacant, dull; they hadn’t even reacted to the beam shooting by
directly overhead.
As payment for the excessive power it granted, the ISS kit took your
heart. Emotions became dulled, and soon, users were spurred on by
nothing but a mechanical anger and hatred. The truly frightening

19

part was that the kit’s effects extended to the flesh-and-blood body.
Symptoms weren’t quite as bad as when the user was accelerated,
but they were still there—users became quick to anger and prone to
depression.
Rui had always been relatively unemotional, and she appeared to
have a resistance to the interference, but her comrades had to have
changed so much personality-wise that they wouldn’t have been able
to hide it from those around them. Perhaps some had even lost
friends because of it. The majority had accepted the kit out of their
own desire, but for the others, Rui had cut their avatar armor open
with her scissors and forcefully parasitized them. She’d convinced
herself that this was for their own benefit. That a little interference
from the kit was not that big a deal if the alternative was the strong
taking their points and banishing them from the Accelerated World
as simple prey.
But in the battle that day, Rui had been made to see the absolute
limit of the ISS kits—of the power she had been “given.” Dark Blow
and Dark Shot were powerful techniques. But they didn’t go so far as
to make the hearts of those who used them strong. In fact, what
power their hearts possessed before they accepted the kits had
probably been whittled away.
So Rui knew that she and her group could never defeat Nega
Nebulus.
It wasn’t that the Black King and the Four Elements had been strong
right from the get-go. They had learned from defeat and expended
an enormous amount of effort, seeking out and refining the power
within themselves. Of course, that inequality known as randomness
no doubt loved them, as well. But that was a trivial element now that
they had become high rankers. Put another way, every Burst Linker
was given the chance to become as strong as they wished. Just like
Silver Crow, who was currently on that path of self-improvement.

20

Supposedly the only perfect flying type in the Accelerated World, she
had thought that fate—that the BB system—loved him more than
anyone. But that probably wasn’t true. Crow was an irregular duel
avatar; he couldn’t do anything other than fly. He had to have
encountered all kinds of setbacks before he came up with attack
strategies that used his flight power. And yet, he hadn’t lost heart.
He believed in the avatar his own heart had produced, had singlemindedly refined his lone power, and had gained the strength to
squarely face even a Legend-class Enemy.
Cyan Pile was the same. A born contradiction—a close-range type
with a midrange piercing weapon—he had slammed into any number
of walls and overcome them instead of giving up, and now, he was
finally able to draw his sword proudly from the depths of his own
heart. Rui’s scissors had cut into his sword over a hundred times, but
she hadn’t been able to shatter it.
Their strength was proof that the Black King and her executives were
giving them proper guidance. It also proved the strength of the Black
King and her executives themselves. They were fundamentally
different from Rui and the way she tried to gain comrades and
realize her hopes with the borrowed power of the ISS kit. If the kit
main body was destroyed, and all the users’ terminals also
disappeared, would everything Rui had done from the time she
became a Burst Linker—the things she had seen and thought—lose
all meaning? Would the fact that she had longed for a transient
equality in the Accelerated World become nothing more than a
foolish delusion?
…No. She was the one who got to decide that. And even in the midst
of defeat, loss, and error, she could find something that had value.
That shiny crow would almost certainly tell her that.
“…Avo,” Rui called in a quiet voice.

21

The small sphere lying immediately beside her—Avocado Avoider’s
true form—responded with a faint “Krrrr.” This curiously shaped
avatar retained more of his self than any of her other comrades,
likely for reasons other than Rui’s.
She picked him up with both hands and set him on her knees. “Let’s
go see them again someday. To find out the meaning of what we’ve
done—of what we tried to do.”
And then, Rui waited silently for the moment when the ISS kit main
body was destroyed.

22

“What…on earth…?”
Kuroyukihime’s voice was hoarse as she struggled to push herself up
on exhausted arms.
On the southern edge of the sprawling forty-fifth story of Tokyo
Midtown Tower, the marble floor was melting into a bright-red pool
of magma ten meters across. Half sunken into that pool, with its
jetting flames and powerful heat, was an ink-black ball. Cracked and
scorched by the magma, this object was the root of the evil behind
the large-scale chaos in the Accelerated World—the ISS kit main
body.
The eyeball-shaped thing had repeatedly fired terrifyingly powerful
Dark Blows and Dark Shots and pushed Kuroyukihime and her
companions to the edge of annihilation. But the magma produced by
Utai Shinomiya/Ardor Maiden’s destructive Incarnate had gutted the
mysterious monolith and nearly melted it into nothingness. Its lids
were more than half-closed, and the pupil had lost its light; the
fleshy armor that had protected the eyeball was also burned away. If
it had had a visible health gauge, there would have only been a few
pixels left in it.
But Kuroyukihime and the similarly prone Fuko Kurasaki/Sky Raker
and Akira Himi/Aqua Current had taken their eyes off this melting
body. Instead, they stared at the utterly unremarkable white wall off
to the right. In particular, at a single spot on that wall, blackened as
though with soot.
Mere seconds before, a narrow shaft of light had shot off from the
kit body, pierced the wall—or more precisely, slipped through it—
and disappeared off to the south. It hadn’t been an attack; rather, it
appeared to have been a beam for the simple purpose of
transmitting information. Whatever it was, the instant Kuroyukihime

23

saw that red line, her entire body had grown colder than ice, numb
to all sensation.
It had been seven years since she had come into this world as Black
Lotus. During that time, she had repeatedly been faced with
phenomena that far surpassed her comprehension and beings so
fearful that they caused her to freeze in terror. But this transmission
shooting from the ISS kit main body—not even three seconds long—
made Kuroyukihime shiver with a fear greater than anything else she
had ever encountered.
Malice. That beam transmitted to an unknown endpoint the vast
malice accumulated within the ISS kit main body. The pure negative
Incarnate energy, refined to hurt, torment, and destroy all Burst
Linkers.
The Incarnate System was the strongest force in the fighting game
Brain Burst. An imagination honed to the limit overwrote every kind
of phenomenon and brought about a myriad of miracles. But given
that it was still a system, the logic had its restrictions.
One: A player could not acquire Incarnate techniques in opposition
to their avatar’s affinity.
Two: The more powerful the technique, the fiercer the exhaustion it
brought about.
Three: Misuse would bathe the player’s heart in darkness, causing a
loss of self…
In other words, there was a limit to the amount of Incarnate energy a
single Burst Linker could produce. Even if you sought a power great
enough to destroy the entire Accelerated World, the capacity of an
individual mind wouldn’t be able to withstand that level of energy.
As far as Kuroyukihime knew, the most powerful destructive
Incarnate user was Transient Eternity (aka the White King, White
Cosmos), but even she would have to carry out dozens of attacks

24

over the span of a half minute or so in order to destroy even a third
of a duel stage—a power that barely compared to Archangel
Metatron’s laser attack, which had decimated that same area with a
single shot. Basically, that was the limit of an individual’s Incarnate
technique.
The Acceleration Research Society had smashed that limit with a new
system, the ISS kits. By giving dozens of Burst Linkers the same
Incarnate techniques, collecting and fusing in the kit main body the
rage and hatred each of them held in their hearts, the Society had
produced a destructive Incarnate energy on a scale previously
unseen in the Accelerated World. The fact that the battle with the
main kit had ground down Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Akira to the
point of being essentially helpless now was proof of how fearsome
this power truly was. It would have been utterly impossible for them
to mitigate that Dark Shot again. Fortunately, they had just barely
managed to protect Utai to the rear so her Dance of Flames could
destroy the kit main body.
But the Society’s gambit hadn’t ended there. A beam of red light had
come from the main kit as it was on the verge of death: all the
destructive Incarnate saved up in its body. The ISS kits themselves
had been nothing more than a means to an end. The vast refined and
pure dark energy in the eye had been sent off somewhere in the
Accelerated World. Somewhere, something was about to happen.
Something worse—something even more frightening.
“…Haruyuki…” Unconsciously, Kuroyukihime gave voice to the name
of her only child.
Haruyuki Arita/Silver Crow had flown off from Midtown Tower in
pursuit of the Red King after she was kidnapped by the selfproclaimed vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, Black
Vise. She was confident that Crow of all people would bring Niko
back to them safely, but Black Vise was an enemy whose depths they

25

still hadn’t plumbed. And it concerned her that the beam of light
shot out toward the south side of the Minato Ward Area—the same
direction in which Vise had fled.
Cyan Pile and Lime Bell had both gone after Silver Crow, while Blood
Leopard had chased after Argon Array, and she hoped the four would
be able to meet up, but—
Suddenly, Kuroyukihime heard a small thud behind her. Quickly
looking back, she saw a small figure on her knees on the chalky floor.
The Shrine Maiden of the Conflagration, Ardor Maiden.
“Uiui!” Fuko called weakly from the floor alongside Kuroyukihime.
The sky-colored avatar tried desperately to stand, but having taken a
direct Dark Shot hit, her legs were missing from the knee down, and
her beloved wheelchair was lying on its side far away. The tips of
Kuroyukihime’s hands and feet were similarly shattered, and she too
had trouble getting to her feet.
“I—,” Akira said, the least damaged of the three. As she staggered
into an upright position, the flowing water armor covering her body
collected at her feet, and she slid to the rear of the floor. She picked
up the utterly depleted shrine maiden avatar and made a side trip to
grab the wheelchair before returning to them at a walk.
Having finally succeeded in standing, Kuroyukihime helped Fuko up
with the battered remains of her right hand and sat her in the
wheelchair.
“Thanks, Lotus, Curren.” Fuko took Utai from Akira and held her
tightly on her lap. The additional Noh mask armor covering the
shrine maiden’s face had been released, but there was no light in her
round eye lenses. A pseudo Zero Fill—the impact of activating such a
large technique, a large-scale, fourth-quadrant destructive Incarnate
technique. If it had been an actual Zero Fill, she would have

26

recovered at some point, but given the situation, they faced the
possibility now of a negative-will overflow.
Fuko gently stroked Utai’s face. “You worked so hard, hmm, Uiui?
You just rest now…It’s okay. We’ll be right here with you until you
open your eyes, all right?”
Perhaps Utai heard this; to Kuroyukihime, it seemed that the shrine
maiden’s white face mask softened slightly. Kuroyukihime and Akira
exchanged a faint smile before turning their eyes to the southern
end of the floor.
Utai’s Incarnate attack had ended, but the magma maintained its
intense heat, shining a dull red. The ISS kit main body buried in the
center of it—or rather, the main body of the main body with all its
fleshy armor burned away—had lost its black-pearl luster and was
now a hunk of half-burned charcoal. In fact, it had sent all its
essential negative Incarnate energy off somewhere, so the black
sphere was nothing more than an empty shell. What concerned her
now were the words of the re-creation of Red Rider, which had been
forced to parasitize the main body.
It wasn’t an Enemy or an Enhanced Armament. It was probably a
duel avatar. If this massive obsidian eyeball known only as the ISS kit
main body was in truth a duel avatar, then it—no, he or she—had a
real name. And the Burst Linker with this enormous avatar had to
exist somewhere in the real world.
“…Isn’t there a way to confirm the avatar name in the Unlimited
Neutral Field?” Kuroyukihime murmured.
“No.” Akira next to her shook her head slightly. “Don’t think so…I still
can’t believe it, either. That that’s a duel avatar like us.”
“Mm. But there is one way to check that, at least,” Kuroyukihime
declared, and Akira and Fuko both nodded.

27

If the ISS kit main body, which looked to be on the verge of death,
was not an Enemy or an object but rather a duel avatar, then a death
marker would appear immediately after it was eliminated. And the
value of the Burst Points added to their totals would be another way
to make this clear. If, hypothetically, the marker did appear, and they
confirmed that the kit main body was a duel avatar, then the rules of
the Unlimited Neutral Field would be applied. The kit would
regenerate sixty minutes later, but its essential Incarnate energy had
been sent off somewhere, so all that would return to the spot was a
powerless shell.
“If it is, then Maiden should be the one to strike the final blow and
get the points after pushing it to this place, but…” She turned her
eyes to Utai in Fuko’s arms, but the shrine maiden still showed no
signs of regaining consciousness.
Fuko lifted her face and responded with a faint smile. “You finish it,
Lotus. I’m sure Maiden would say that herself.”
“I agree,” Akira assented.
Kuroyukihime was forced to nod her own agreement. Strength had
finally returned to her limbs, and they didn’t have the luxury of
mulling this over any further. They hadn’t charged into Midtown
Tower to destroy the ISS kit main body, but rather to return to the
real world through the portal inside the main body and pull the
direct cable out of Niko’s Neurolinker. Kuroyukihime moved to take a
step forward with a shattered sword leg.
And then several things happened in succession.
First, an extremely intense pressure assaulted them from the
south—a half-physical shock wave. Reflexively, she looked to the ISS
kit main body, but that was not the source. It was coming from the
direction of the red beam on the other side of the walls enclosing the
floor.

28

“Nngh?!” She was bracing herself before she realized it, wondering if
a new enemy had appeared. The source of the pressure was not
Midtown Tower where she and her comrades were; the explosive
Incarnate energy released by someone somewhere off in the
distance had come to them like an air quake. But who on earth could
generate that kind of force, enough to rival a volcanic eruption?
Kuroyukihime and her friends were stunned, albeit only for a
moment, and simply stared blankly at the southern wall. So they
were just a touch late to notice it.
They had thought the ISS kit main body was rendered immobile,
given that it was on the verge of death, but this half-dead creature
suddenly opened its lids. The exposed blood-red eyeball split in the
middle, and a viscous black liquid splattered out, throwing a small
something toward Kuroyukihime at incredible speed. A small sphere
with tiny tentacles protruding like iron probes.
An ISS kit terminal.
“Sacchi!!” Fuko shrieked hoarsely.
Akira brandished her right arm, while Kuroyukihime also reflexively
drew the sword of her left hand. But with fifteen centimeters of its
length broken off, she was only able to cut away one of the kit’s
tentacles.
In the next instant, jet-black needles plunged one after another into
Black Lotus’s cracked chest armor.

“The Armor of Catastrophe…Mark II…” Haruyuki shook his head back
and forth a number of times, as if trying to erase the words that
spilled from his own lips.
The many plots of the Acceleration Research Society—the spread of
the ISS kit infection, the artificial metal color plan, the abduction of

29

the Red King, Scarlet Rain—the end point of each was the creation of
the Armor. Aqua Current, aka Akira Mimi, had guessed as much a
few days earlier.
But for Haruyuki, it was just too unreal. The first Armor, Chrome
Disaster, had been a cursed Enhanced Armament, born at the dawn
of the Accelerated World, accumulating power as it was passed
down through six Burst Linkers—that last of which had been
Haruyuki himself. Going by just the myriad legends that had sprung
up, it might have been able to stand shoulder to shoulder with even
the super-class Enemies of the Castle, the Four Gods.
Haruyuki believed no one could produce a thing like that in the span
of mere weeks, not even the Acceleration Research Society. But
maybe he had only wanted it to be impossible. Not just because he
was afraid of a new threat to the Accelerated World but also as a
matter of misplaced pride as the former sixth Disaster. However, he
could no longer deny that the steel giant towering over him only a
dozen or so meters away, emitting its peculiar shriek at the overcast
sky, strongly resembled Chrome Disaster—the form-fusing machine
and living creature with a sinister aura enveloping its entire body.

30

31

Standing to either side of him, Takumu, Chiyuri, Pard, and Niko
appeared to be speechless, overwhelmed by its enormity. They
should have been making the decision to fight or flee, but they
simply gaped, unable to move a muscle.
Abruptly, the giant stopped its ferocious roaring and slowly lowered
the hands thrust up into the air.
“Deelloorrrrr…” Groaning like a combustion engine from the previous
century, the monster turned to reveal the flowing lines of its upper
torso where a massive single eyeball emitted a brilliant, blood-red
light. A cold, bottomless hunger, reminiscent of the shining of the ISS
kit eye.
“…Wh-what should we do…?” Chiyuri muttered from Haruyuki’s
immediate left.
Her voice was shaking, but her words broke through his paralysis,
and Haruyuki took a deep breath. The cool air of the Twilight stage
filled his virtual lungs, and he regained a tiny bit of his power to
think. “We have to fight,” he croaked.
Chiyuri’s slender avatar stiffened, but no word of objection came
from her or from his other comrades. They all understood why he
had made that decision.
The original Armor of Catastrophe, Chrome Disaster, had been
composed of three elements: the successive wearers of the Armor
who had gained power at the same time as they nurtured the item;
the Beast, a pseudo intelligence produced from the darkness of the
negative Incarnate that accumulated in the Armor; and the Enhanced
Armament that became the vessel—the silver armor Destiny, the
sixth star, the theta of the Seven Arcs.
The new Mark II generated by the Acceleration Research Society had
a similar three-component structure. First, the wearer: the
mysterious metal-color Wolfram Cerberus, produced by Argon Array

32

based on the Mental-Scar Shell Theory. Controlling Cerberus was the
red light of unknown origin that had shot down from the sky into the
cockpit and taken over Mark II. And the vessel for the body of Mark II
was the Enhanced Armament, Invincible, which the Red King, Scarlet
Rain, had cultivated over years and with enormous effort.
If they were to make absolutely sure, they should retreat from that
place, rejoin Kuroyukihime and the others at Midtown Tower, and
take on the challenge with their full forces. Unfortunately, however,
that wasn’t an option. If they let this moment slip by, there was a
very good chance that Niko’s Enhanced Armament, which was
basically a part of Niko herself, would be lost forever. They had to get
Invincible back. After all, Niko was only helping them in their mission
that day as a friend, for the sake of Ash Roller/Rin Kusakabe, who
she’d only just met, and Aqua Current/Akira Himi, one of Nega
Nebulus’s Four Elements.
Haruyuki glanced to his right. His eyes met Niko’s. Before the Red
King could say anything, he declared again, “Right now, we still have
a chance to take Invincible back. We’re absolutely going to get it
back. We’ll fight him, and we’ll win!”
The faint air of a wry grin rose up around the Red King as well as
Pard, who was across from her. She shrugged her small shoulders.
“Well, we’ve come this far. Gotta go the distance, yeah? So listen.
For the icing on the cake, we’re gonna send that giant thing flying
and set off some huge fireworks.”
“K.” And that voice was, of course, Pard’s.
“Got it, Haru,” Takumu said from Haruyuki’s left, as though he’d
made up his mind. “If it really is like the Armor of Catastrophe, then
the more time passes, the stronger it’ll get. If we’re going to fight, it
has to be now.”

33

“Allll right!” Chiyuri agreed. “I’m gonna knock it on its butt with
one—”
“No, Chii, your job’s too important,” Takumu interrupted. “You need
to step back to the rear.”
“A-again?! That’s all I ever do!!”
Haruyuki’s mouth relaxed the tiniest bit beneath his mirrored
goggles as the banter between his childhood friends went back and
forth.
This was different from the time he’d tried to fight the Armor’s
control all by himself, in his own interior world, during his stint as the
sixth Chrome Disaster. Now, unlike then, he was surrounded by
comrades he could count on. And although they were currently over
three kilometers away, Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Utai, and Akira were
also with them in spirit. He was sure of it. Haruyuki clenched his
hands into tight fists as if feeling their fighting spirit.
So far, Mark II had whirled its eyes around very much like a robot
with the power turned on for the first time, but now it froze in place.
The massive body shifted course another thirty degrees to face
Haruyuki and his friends. Venting black steam from the gill-like slits
all over the armor, it thundered in a low groan, “Deel…ru-ru-ru-ruru…”
From the inorganic movement and aura, Wolfram Cerberus—
supposedly incorporated into the torso—was apparently still
unconscious. A forced personality switch had already wrested
control of the avatar from the Cerberus I that Haruyuki knew and
given it to Cerberus III a few minutes before the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II, had awakened. Although the duplicated
personality of III—aka Dusk Taker/Seiji Nomi—had managed to steal
four of the five components that made up Niko’s Invincible with his
special attack, Demonic Commandeer, immediately after that, he

34

had been hit by the beam of red light that shot down from the
northern sky and let out a strange scream before suddenly falling
silent…or being extinguished.
If Cerberus I was also still unconscious, then that meant the armor,
Mark II, was at the moment being moved by the energy infused by
the red light itself. Even the Beast that lived in Chrome Disaster
hadn’t been able to control the avatar on its own, so the energy that
poured into Mark II was something that defied conjecture in terms of
both total amount and base nature. But no matter how great the
power it contained, this did not necessarily translate into strength.
Now, when it was still newly born and awkward in its movements,
they had a chance of victory.
“He’s got Invincible as the base, so he should be a long-distance type,
too,” Haruyuki said quickly. “We charge in and stick to the legs—
close off its movement. Chiyu, while we’re stuck to that guy, you fall
back inside the building through the south gate.”
The others nodded immediately, with no further complaint from
Chiyuri. She was likely also well aware that Lime Bell’s ability would
play the most critical role in taking Invincible back. Though, no—his
assumption here was ridiculous. After all, when Dusk Taker stole his
flight ability, the one who had gotten his wings back through a mix of
unexpected quick wit and sheer effort was Chiyuri. He lightly
touched his fingertips to Lime Bell’s arm to communicate his faith in
her before calling upon all his mental energy and returning the glare
of the iron giant’s single eye.
The top of Mark II’s head was over six meters from the ground—the
size of a Beast-class Enemy—but the only weapons he could see
were the large laser guns equipped on either arm. Given that these
were the main armaments of Invincible, their power was nothing to
laugh at, but there was a charging time of about one second before
they fired, so he assumed Mark II wouldn’t be able to manage

35

successive shots. The instant the enemy dropped into an attack
stance, they would dash in, take the ground directly under the
massive body, and crush the legs.
Haruyuki and his comrades also had other advantages. Their current
location was the central courtyard of a school-type building, about
two kilometers southwest of the old Tokyo Tower in the Unlimited
Neutral Field. Surrounded on all four sides by the school,
transformed into a white temple, the battleground was limited to
thirty meters on the short side and fifty on the long—a cramped
space for the massive, long-distance Mark II. If they glued themselves
to the enemy and prevented it from firing its main arms while
simultaneously continuing to attack, they just might have a chance.
They would win. Absolutely. And then they could all laugh and highfive once they got back to the real world.
The enormous single eye of Mark II shone with a reddish-black light
in its inner darkness.
“Here we go!” Takumu shouted, and Haruyuki dropped into a low
stance, watching for the moment to charge.
The giant slowly raised the arms hanging loosely at its sides. At the
same time, the countless slits at the base of the main armament and
its five-centimeter barrel opened their mouths, and a sound
somewhat like a biological energy charge started to echo through the
stage. The evening sky and the school building in the background
around Mark II’s arms shimmered like a mirage, perhaps because of
the heat venting from the slits.
No…The air itself was becoming unstable. The excessive
concentration of high-density energy was distorting the Accelerated
World. He’d seen this in the instant before the flame breath of the
God Suzaku and the Trisagion of Metatron’s first form. But this was
an even larger scale of the warping of time and space.

36

It couldn’t be…An attack with power that surpassed even those?
Abruptly, the new wings on his back, the Enhanced Armament,
Metatron Wings, shivered with a ferocity that resembled an electric
shock.
“Gang!” Haruyuki threw out both arms and called out, “Grab on!!”
This was in total contradiction with the strategy he had only just
outlined, but his friends did not so much as hesitate. Instantly,
Takumu was holding on tightly to his right arm, Pard his left, and
they grabbed onto Chiyuri and Niko with their empty hands to yank
them up.
The darkness that filled Mark II’s gun barrels shone a deep red.
Deploying the wings on his back in an X formation, Haruyuki kicked
off the marble earth with everything he had. The instant his body
was off the ground, he released every bit of thrust he was able to
generate. The power—enough to make the metal armor of his avatar
creak—sent them straight up like a rocket.
Heeeengah! With a screaming roar, two cloudy blood-red great
lances shot out of Mark II’s guns.
The two beams of energy plunged into the spot where the five had
stood only a moment earlier, and then all color disappeared from the
world.
The eternal twilight of the sky, the school that served as the
headquarters for the Acceleration Research Society—all of it became
a black line drawing on a white background. In the middle of all this,
the only color was the half sphere glittering a sinister dark red as it
ballooned ever outward to swallow up even the iron giant that had
launched it until it filled the courtyard that was fifty meters to a side.
It closed in on the feet of Haruyuki and his friends as he ascended
with everything he had.

37

He didn’t feel heat or pressure. Instead, Haruyuki was aware of a
freezing chill and an intense gravity trying to suck him into the
energy ball. Certain it would devour them if he eased up even a little,
he continued to fly up toward the rough monotone sketch of the sky.
“Th-the school is—!” Takumu shouted.
Haruyuki couldn’t spare a millisecond to look down and check, but he
figured the school building surrounding the courtyard had been
destroyed.
Normally, that would have been impossible: The school in which
Haruyuki and his friends had fought Black Vise and Argon Array was
designated as a player home, as hard as that was to believe, which
meant it was indestructible. Even to make a tiny hole in the wall
separating classroom from courtyard, Haruyuki and Takumu had
used successive full-power Incarnate attacks, and they’d still needed
Chiyuri’s help to finally make it through.
So given that Mark II had just pulverized such a building, it had not
fired a normal energy bullet, but rather an Incarnate bullet with
nihilistic attributes—in other words, an attack of the same type as
the Dark Shot launched by the ISS kit users, but with tens, hundreds
of times the power.

38

39

“Whoaaaa!!” Haruyuki squeezed out a cry as he continued his
desperate flight.
If it had been Silver Crow’s original wings alone, his special-attack
gauge would have been completely exhausted in the blink of an eye
with this all-out ascent carrying four people, and they would have
already been caught in the explosion. But the power of the new
wings he’d been given by the F-type Enemy who said she was the
main body of Archangel Metatron—he hadn’t even known there was
such a thing until that day—was incredible, and he pushed back
against the gravity of the Accelerated World and the attractive force
of the negative energy, rising to ever-higher altitudes in the blink of
an eye.
Once they had passed a height of fifty meters, one hundred meters,
one hundred fifty meters, the chill and roar and pull finally receded
and disappeared.
“We should be okay now, Crow,” Niko said.
“Thanksy,” Pard murmured.
He slackened his ascent speed but flew up another twenty meters
just in case before shifting to hovering. Timidly, he gazed downward.
“Unh…Aah…” The voice that slipped out was so hoarse, Haruyuki
couldn’t believe it was his own.
Color finally returned to the Field, and the southern part of the
Minato Ward Area spread out before him. To his left, the east side,
stood national highway No. 1, Sakurada Street. To his right, the west
side, was the overhead bridge for expressway No. 2. The school, the
Acceleration Research Society headquarters, that should have been
wedged between the two—no longer existed.
In its place was a large crater nearly 150 meters across. This attack
had brought about the same level of destruction as the laser of
Metatron’s first form that he had witnessed from Roppongi Hills

40

Tower, but the scale was even larger, with not even a single plume of
smoke. The ground had been carved away like a god had dug into it
with a giant spoon to shell out a loose arc. The surrounding air
swirled up into a roaring whirlwind. There had been at least one
tamed knight-type Enemy on the first floor of the school, but that,
too, had been instantly evaporated.
Looking down at the terrain around the crater, something jabbed
sharply at his memory, but this sensation flew out of his head
instantly when he spotted the copper-colored giant rising up in the
center of that gray crater, entirely uninjured.
“Getting sucked into an attack like that…and not a scratch on ya,”
Niko said, her tone unable to hide the shock.
If they had followed through on their initial strategy of diving in
below its legs before the bombardment, the giant wouldn’t have
hesitated to turn its main armaments directly downward on itself,
and right about now, Haruyuki and his comrades would have been
dust along with the school. If Mark II was still in the ruins when they
regenerated sixty minutes later, they might have even taken another
hit and been killed instantly, falling into an unlimited EK.
Exactly. This thing was an Enemy now. And forget Beast class, the
Mark II surpassed Legend class; in the worst-case scenario, it even
rivaled the super-class Enemies beyond that, the Four Gods.
“This is ridiculous…How could it…?” Chiyuri shook her green pointed
hat from side to side in Takumu’s arms. This was the girl who had
surprised Haruyuki and Takumu by pulling off any number of
unexpected turnarounds in too many tight spots, but this time, she
appeared to be overwhelmed by the enormity of the destruction.
As was Haruyuki. He’d been able to lift off after the warning from
Metatron, who was connected to him through the wings, but he had

41

absolutely no idea what they should do now. The core of his mind
was completely numb.
But they couldn’t stay aboveground forever. The Metatron Wings got
pretty good mileage, and even hovering with four people hanging off
of him, his special-attack gauge was only gradually being consumed,
but even so, it would run out sooner or later. They had to
reformulate their strategy and find somewhere to land before it did.
The one to break the fearful silence was Pard, glued to Haruyuki’s
right half. “We have to find out how long those guns take to charge.”
“Right,” Takumu replied immediately. “As far as I can see, his only
weapons are the laser guns. If they take time to recharge, we can
cling to him immediately after he fires…”
Niko nodded firmly at this proposal. “And if we make him fire into
the sky, we won’t get caught up in the explosion. So then…Crow,
next laser, you dodge it somehow in midair.”
“You can do it, Haru!”
When even Chiyuri cheered him on, he couldn’t sit and cower
forever. He took a deep breath. “Got it. I’m going to go in slowly, so,
everyone, keep a close eye on him.”
“I got this!” Niko shouted. She possessed a Vision Extension ability,
and now she opened her eye lenses wide.
Firming up his resolve, Haruyuki started a gentle descent.
“Since the laser fired, it’s now forty-eight seconds, forty-nine, fifty…,”
Pard counted calmly, having apparently kept careful track.
Sinking down almost vertically, Haruyuki and his friends had reached
an altitude of a hundred meters, when Mark II, encamped in the
center of the crater, threw its enormous iron body backward and
caught them with the crimson eyeball’s hungry gaze.
“Fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine…”

42

Sixty.
The giant raised both arms and got Haruyuki and his comrades in its
sights with the lethal double barrels.

“Nngh!” Kuroyukihime groaned at the pain, cold and biting.
It felt like even her core was frozen. She had barely stopped the
flying ISS kit terminal from touching her avatar with the sword of her
right hand, but a dozen tentacles extended from it to pierce the
cracks in her armor and press inward. Several had already reached
her avatar’s naked body.
If her sword—the reason for her nickname, World End—had been in
perfect condition, it would have cut a little thing like the terminal in
two instantly, but it was broken and battered after the battle with
the main body; she was unable to muster even half of its normal
cutting power. And the small eyeball was elastic—rubbery—so that
no matter how she pressed her blade into it, it simply warped and
twisted; she couldn’t get a handle on it.
“Lotus!” Fuko shouted again, reaching out from her wheelchair to try
to pull the kit terminal off.
A little farther away, Akira splashed, as if she was about to run to her
Legion master’s side.
But Kuroyukihime called out sharply, “Stop!”
“What?!” The girls froze in place, their faces clouded with
apprehension, as though they worried the pollution of the kit had
already reached her mind.
“No, I’m fine,” Kuroyukihime reassured them immediately. “But…I
can hear something through this thing…No, I can see something…”
She closed her eye lenses beneath her goggles.

43

Sound. Deel, deel, deel. From far, far away, she heard a heavy, low
rumbling that was hard to describe, like an animal breathing or a
machine running.
And…sight. The image of a square space enclosed by white walls with
plenty of windows, reminiscent of a school somehow, was hazily
projected in the back of her mind. For a brief moment, she felt a
strange sensation that was almost like nostalgia. She wondered at
first if it was the courtyard at Umesato, but there were walls on all
sides, so that wasn’t it. It was somewhere she’d never seen—never
been…
“………!!”
Kuroyukihime clenched her teeth hard, eyes still closed, in her
immense shock.
She knew this place. A courtyard enclosed by school walls on all
sides. The altar-like fountain in its center. It had been transformed in
the Twilight stage of the Accelerated World, but there was no
mistaking this sense of scale—this atmosphere.
…This is…that school. Stunned, when she looked down at her feet
from a viewpoint about at the height of a window on the second
floor, Kuroyukihime was visited by a fresh shock.
Five small human silhouettes were lined up and looking her way. One
was a remarkably small, crimson duel avatar. And on the back of the
avatar standing next to her were silver wings that glittered in the
evening sun—
“Lotus!!” Fuko’s strained cry rang out once more, and
Kuroyukihime’s eyes flew open.
As the phantom scene disappeared, she met the eye of the ISS kit
terminal, suddenly only ten centimeters away from her. The sword of
her right hand should have been digging into the eye, but all it was
doing was yanking back just three of the tentacles. She hurriedly

44

tried to push the bloody orb away, but the tentacles stretched in
response, and the inky eye drew steadily closer.
Fuko and Akira both reached out and yanked several tentacles away.
But the kit terminal’s survival instinct was too powerful, like it was
the last of its kind; it kept pressing in on Kuroyukihime’s face. Eyelids
open wide, the crimson pupil emitted a hungry glow just centimeters
away.
In the depths of that eye full of empty darkness…Kuroyukihime saw
it. Light in the shape of two guns, bodies overlapped to form an X.
The crossed guns: the emblem of the Red King and Master Gunsmith,
Red Rider.
And in the very instant the eye was about to touch Black Lotus’s
goggles, the two guns changed angles with a decisive metallic sound
to line up on the horizontal—turning from an X into a minus sign.
Likewise, the crimson iris of the kit terminal suddenly turned gray, all
light fading from it. The straining tentacles hung limply and dropped
away from Black Lotus’s armor. Fuko and Akira pulled their hands
back, and the eye fell to the floor, rolling about a meter before
coming to a stop.
“That was close,” Fuko said.
Akira nodded while she said in a slightly reproachful voice, “I was a
little worried. What exactly did you see?”
“Oh, mmm. I’m not sure how to explain it,” Kuroyukihime
murmured, expelling a long-held breath. Lifting her face, she first
crushed the small eye on the floor with her foot before looking over
at the ISS kit main body enshrined a little ways off.
The magma of the floor seemed to be finally cooling off, but rather
than returning to its original marble form, it was hardening into a
gray concrete. The kit main body’s lower half was buried there—
countless fine cracks on its charred surface and tiny pieces peeling

45

off and falling to the ground. The pupil that had launched the kit
terminal continued to open wider, and she could see a clear-blue
light pulsing regularly inside it. It was the light of the Midtown Tower
portal that had been incorporated into the main body.
“The kit terminal that tried to parasitize me seems to have been
linked to something. But it wasn’t the main body there…It was
something far from Midtown Tower…And Haruyuki and the others
were—”
“What?!” Fuko cried out in surprise. She gripped the wheels of her
chair tightly. “So Corvus and the others are fighting this ‘something’
then? We have to hurry and help them!”
“Before we do, we have to completely destroy the ISS kit main
body,” Akira noted. “And someone has to return to the other side
through the portal to pull out the Red King’s cable.”
Kuroyukihime thought for a moment before shaking her head. “No. It
seems there’s no need for that. I saw Niko standing next to Haruyuki.
He got her back from Black Vise.”
“Really?” Fuko smiled, relieved. “Thank goodness. How very like
Corvus, hmm?”
Kuroyukihime nodded, but there was still something that concerned
her. Silver Crow and his team were facing off against the
“something” that was linked to the ISS kit terminal, most likely
generated by the massive negative Incarnate energy sent out from
the kit main body. So why hadn’t the Red King deployed her
Enhanced Armament, Invincible? Well, she’d find out the answer to
that when they got there. She had only seen it for a moment, but
Kuroyukihime knew the precise coordinates.
“Let’s hurry and regroup with Haruyuki and the others. But first…”
Kuroyukihime brandished the sword of her right hand and stared at
the ISS kit main body.

46

“Rider. It was you who activated the crossed guns’ safety and saved
me. You promised to deactivate all the kit terminals if we destroyed
the main body.”
There was no response. But Kuroyukihime felt like she could see the
back of the first Red King riding off somewhere, straddling his
beloved horse as he waved two fingers of his right hand in a kind of
salute.
“Farewell, BBK…Red Rider.”
She pulled the brandished sword back and shouted, “Death By
Piercing!!”
Her special attack was activated without incident even though the tip
of her blade was broken, and the resultant light sword easily pierced
the ISS kit main body. The inky eyeball shrank inward for just a
moment before exploding into millions of pieces. A dark pillar soared
up to the ceiling before gradually growing thinner and disappearing.
So far, this looked like the death effect of a duel avatar, but she still
couldn’t say for sure. Would the death marker appear or not? That
would make the truth of the ISS kit main body clear.
But what actually happened was far beyond anything Kuroyukihime
and her comrades had expected. The black fragments shooting
through the air became red ribbons one after another and dissolved
into nothingness. Weaving the ribbons was the thread of fine binary
code.
This was a duel avatar’s—
“…Final extinction event?!” Fuko squeezed a strained voice out.
“It is,” Akira assented.
No marker appeared, but there was no room for doubt. The ISS kit
main body was a duel avatar—no, a Burst Linker, and with
Kuroyukihime’s final attack, their Burst Points had dropped to zero,
so they had vanished from the Accelerated World forever. In other

47

words, while the reason for it was unclear, the main body’s points
had been on the verge of drying up.
As the last of the red ribbons melted into the air, a crisp blue light
spilled out and colored the entire stage—it was the appearance of
the portal that had been locked up inside the kit body. The pulsing
blue light was almost holy, purifying the miasma that had filled the
floor.
With this, not only was the last kit that had tried to parasitize
Kuroyukihime deactivated, but now all the ISS kits already equipped
by Magenta Scissor, Avocado Avoider, and every other user should
have been deactivated—and the mental interference cut off as well.
Naturally, this also included the kit parasitizing Ash Roller/Rin
Kusakabe lying in the nurse’s office in the real world.
Who exactly had the kit main body been? Why had they been nearly
out of points? Mysteries remained, but Kuroyukihime put those
questions aside for the time being and turned around. “Raker, I’m
sure you want to go running to your child’s side…”
Fuko shook her head, indicating that there was no need for
Kuroyukihime to finish. “I understand. There’s still something we
have left to do, yes? Let’s hurry to where the others are and fight this
enemy—although I’m not quite sure what it is. And then, we’ll all go
home together.”
It wasn’t Kuroyukihime or Akira who responded to those determined
words.
“You’re exactly…right. I’m more than able to keep fighting.” The
voice was faint, but there was a strong center to it; its owner was
Utai, held in Fuko’s arms.
Kuroyukihime gasped and turned her gaze in that direction to see the
shrine maiden avatar return her gaze, eye lenses alight once again.
“Are you all right, Maiden?”

48

“Yes. I was simply pulled in slightly because I used the Incarnate
technique for so long…But you, Ren, and Fu protected me, Lo.”
Smiling, the little girl slowly raised her hands and wrapped her arms
around Fuko. Looking like the very picture of a girl adoring her older
sister, she pressed her face into the chest of the sky-blue avatar.
“Thank you, Fu.”
Like many Burst Linkers, Utai Shinomiya changed what she called her
comrades in the real world and the Accelerated World. For instance,
Kuroyukihime was Sacchi or Lo, and Haruyuki Arita was Arita or C.
But when it came to Fuko, at some point, Utai had started calling
both the duel avatar and her real self Fu, for the most part.
Fu was the Fu from Fuko, so there was a slight risk of this leading to
being cracked in the real. In fact, for a while after she joined the
Legion, it had been Raker. Given how reserved and generally
reluctant Utai was to reveal the depths of her heart—although on
this note, Kuroyukihime herself was hardly one to talk—the fact that
she was so stuck on the name Fu, which could almost be said to be a
violation of manners as well, was proof that she wanted this
connection with Fuko that much, this true bond.
And Fuko herself, rather than squeezing Utai with all her might and
squealing “Uiuiiii!” like she usually did, now simply stroked the girl’s
back silently. Perhaps the brief contact restored her mental energy;
Utai quietly sat up and said thank you once more before dropping
down to the floor.
She staggered for the briefest instant but then immediately stood up
straight and offered calmly, “Now, let us hurry. C and the others are
waiting.”
“Mmm. Let’s go.” Nodding forcefully, Kuroyukihime turned around.
The portal was right there, so if they returned to the real world
momentarily and then accelerated again, the damage they’d

49

received would have been completely recovered. But then they
would have to start again from the Umesato student council office in
distant Suginami, and they didn’t have the time for that. They had to
join up with Silver Crow and the others as soon as possible, muster
whatever power was left in them, and fight this giant “something”
that had been born in the Accelerated World.
As she advanced in an unstable hovering motion, Kuroyukihime
glanced one last time at the area around the shining portal on the
southern edge of the floor. There was essentially no trace anymore
of the duel avatar that had been called the ISS kit main body, nor any
sign of Red Rider, who had been forcibly called back from the distant
past and made to produce the kit terminals. She didn’t know if
Rider’s memories, which she assumed had been copied from the real
first Red King and stored somewhere in the Brain Burst central
server, had been completely erased in the battle that day. As long as
the necromancer who brought Rider back to pseudo life was still
alive, there was the possibility of the same thing happening again.
However, she could not allow it a second time. She would confront
them and that necromancer hiding somewhere in the Accelerated
World, once this current fight was over. All the lingering mysteries of
the ISS kit main body would be resolved at that time.
She took her eyes off the portal and advanced another dozen or so
meters to stand in the southeast corner of the floor. There was a
small, sooty scar in the marble before her eyes. This was where the
red beam had shot out into the world. She waited for Utai, Akira, and
Fuko in her wheelchair to come to a stop behind her before
brandishing her swords above her head. The damage to the blades
was severe, but they were still sharp enough to cut through the wall
of a building in the Twilight stage.
She brought them diagonally downward and then followed this up
with a horizontal slice with her right foot to complete the outline of

50

an equilateral triangle in the wall. Finally, she pushed lightly with the
tip of her sword, and the block of marble dropped outward, leaving a
large hole.
The southern part of the Minato Area they could see from the fortyfifth floor of Midtown Tower was, at first glance, enveloped in a
peaceful quiet.
Before them stood the Roppongi Hills Tower on the other side of the
overpass for national highway No. 3. On its western side, the dense
cluster of the embassies of Azabu. But somewhere in this scene, at
that very moment, Silver Crow and the others were facing the final
battle.
Kuroyukihime started to turn around to ask Fuko if she could fly
them there when, from the distance of Hills Tower, a phenomenon
that could be called nothing other than “black light” swelled up
soundlessly. The chalky-white town illuminated in the setting sun
was swallowed up by a jet-black half sphere tinged with blood-red
sparks. An instant later, a thunderous roar reached Midtown Tower
and shook the entire enormous building.
A Dark Shot explosion. And on a scale even larger than that launched
by the ISS kit main body.
“Haruyuki!!” Kuroyukihime screamed.

Haruyuki frantically tried to pull his focus back from the massive gun
barrels aimed at him. He’d falter in his midair evasion if he only
looked at them; he needed to look at everything—at the whole of
the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II’s massive bulk, and the
unfathomable hunger it radiated. Even if his opponent was a
heartless monster, as long as it had a hostile will, Haruyuki would be
able to sense any increase in it.

51

“Deeeel…” The giant let out a low moan, almost as if it was mocking
Haruyuki’s tension.
A high-density energy began to swirl a reddish-black within the guns.
A nihilistic attack, but Haruyuki didn’t sense the inorganic nature of
the Dark Shot of ISS kit users. It was more alive, full of the desire to
destroy, crush, and eliminate everything. Mark II itself was basically a
soulless iron robot, while the Dark Shot alone that it launched
contained a tangible will. But whose will was it, exactly?
It wasn’t that of the incorporated Wolfram Cerberus. Nor was it that
of Cerberus II who had parasitized him, or Cerberus III, the already
eliminated Dusk Taker. Most likely, it was the will of the red light
itself that had shot down from the sky to take over the armor.
When that beam of light had arrived, the Acceleration Research
Society’s Argon Array had shouted, as though stunned, “It’s too
soon. Like, this is too much! It can’t be…That lot, they went an’ did it
in?”
He couldn’t say for sure what “it” was, but he could hazard a guess.
Most likely, the thing hidden away in Midtown Tower…
One part of his mind followed the trail of these thoughts, while the
rest of it concentrated. But as if Mark II refused to allow his brain to
consider these questions any further, its hostility grew several orders
of magnitude larger. The tips of the two guns housed an inky cross of
light. Haruyuki had no sooner seen this than he was releasing the
energy stored in the wings on his back.
“Whoa…Ohhh!!”
Not right or left, not forward or back, but down. He turned the
weight of the four people he was carrying in his arms into the
momentum for a sharp dive. Of course, if he kept up like that, they
would take a direct hit from a beam of the greatest destructive force
in the Accelerated World and disappear without a trace. The instant

52

the great lances shot forth from the barrels in spiraling arms of black
and red, however, he flapped his wings with everything he had and
slid their falling trajectory inward.
The twin beams passed Haruyuki and his comrades at a mere meter
away and fell into the distant evening sky of his inverted field of
view. There was no damage, but they felt a wave of energy so strong
as to shake even the sky, and he lost his balance.
Rather than go against the vibration, Haruyuki whirled his body
around and put on the brakes for just a moment as he shouted,
“Everyone! I’m letting go!”
“Okay!” Niko had no sooner shouted on behalf of the entire crew
than he was opening up the arms that were wrapped around Pard
and Takumu. Those two avatars released Chiyuri and Niko at the
same time, and the five Burst Linkers went into a free fall.
“Aaaaah!” The first to roar out a battle cry was Takumu as he readied
the pile driver of his right hand. “Cyan Lightning Spike!!”
His level-four special attack and its immense piercing power: The iron
pile transformed into a pale plasma and shot out toward the lens of
the single eye, the only unarmored part of Mark II’s massive body.
Next, Niko drew the weapon equipped on her left hip for the first
time in this fight, took a wide stance, and readied the somehow
adorable gun in both hands.
“Scarlet Exploder!!” She shouted the name of what was probably an
Incarnate technique and pulled the trigger. A brilliant bullet of red
light whistled through the air.
Pard, now in Beast Mode, tucked her arms and legs under her in
midair and shouted the name of a technique Haruyuki didn’t know.
“Bloodshed Cannon!!” A semitransparent tube materialized to
enclose her, and a terrific explosion boomed at the tail end of it.
Instantly, Pard shot straight down like an enormous bullet.

53

Of course, Haruyuki wasn’t simply sitting there watching everyone
attack. The instant he felt the slight shiver of urging vibration from
the Metatron Wings on his back, he crossed his clenched fists before
him and shouted as loudly as he could, “Ekteniaaaaa!!”
Maybe the technique name wasn’t necessary, but in response to
Haruyuki’s will, the two white wings stretched upward. He raised his
crossed arms, and as he brought them down before him, the wings
became a lance of pure white and charged toward Mark II’s head.
There wasn’t so much as a second of delay between the four attacks.
Takumu’s plasma lance struck the dark-red eye squarely in the
center, sending dazzling sparks scattering. Niko’s Incarnate bullet
then made a direct hit in the same place, and a single crack raced
across the lens. Pard, transformed into a bullet herself, slammed into
the single eye of the giant, triggering a massive explosion—well
beyond the domain of a body slam—and the crack in the lens
fissured into a spiderweb.
Haruyuki’s Ektenia slipped by Pard as she somersaulted in midair and
moved away from the line of sight so that both hit the mark
simultaneously. He heard a loud sound like the ringing of a church
bell, and then countless cracks blanketed the lens, and it clouded
over a milky white.
“Ruu…Dee…ruuu…” Mark II groaned in agony as it reeled backward.
But even with the concentrated might of all four of their strongest
attacks, the single lens did not reach the breaking point; they had not
brought down the giant.
“Nngh!” Haruyuki sucked a sharp breath in through clenched teeth.
His comrades’ attacks were all powerful, but his Ektenia was strong
enough to have destroyed in a single blow the crown object that
tamed the knight Enemy in the basement of the Acceleration
Research Society’s hideout. If the single lens, which he assumed was

54

Mark II’s lone weak point, had this kind of strength, then the
armored part of the giant was essentially indestructible. He thought
about making one more push, but once they hit on the ground, they
wouldn’t be able to get the right angle to hit the eye.
Takumu, Niko, and Pard had already dropped into landing positions,
so Haruyuki was the only one still able to do a follow-up attack. But
he couldn’t move until his extended wings returned to his back.
Hurry! he called fervently in his heart.
“Aah…Hngaaaaaah!!”
Suddenly, a ferocious battle cry rang out across the crater. It was
Chiyuri, who he’d assumed was taking cover to the rear. Using his
right shoulder as a stepping stone, she brandished the large bell of
her left hand, Choir Chime, high in the air. Head thrown back as far
as it would go, the small avatar used the massive recoil and yanked
the bell down in one swoop.

55

56

Ringoooooong!! The impact was solemnly sonorous as Bell slammed
her weapon into the center of Mark II’s lens.
After an instant of silence, the massive eyeball turned into an infinite
shower of rubies and scattered through the air.
“Graaaaaoooooh!!” Howling in anguish, the giant staggered
backward until it finally collapsed, shaking the earth as it fell.
“Nice, Chiyu!” Haruyuki shouted as he flapped the white wings that
had finally returned to his back and grabbed his falling friend’s arm.
He put on the bare minimum of brakes and came down to stand next
to their comrades on the ground.
“Twenty seconds!” Pard cried out sharply. This was, of course, the
elapsed time since Mark II had fired its main armaments at Haruyuki
and the others in the air. They’d already confirmed that the guns
took sixty seconds to recharge, so they had another forty seconds to
go.
The problem was whether Mark II’s immobile state would continue
that long. The single lens had been smashed, and the giant had been
seriously damaged, but the almost unearthly aura radiating from it
hadn’t weakened in the slightest.
If it comes to that, we’ll make it stop moving!
Thus resolved, Haruyuki gave instructions in rapid succession. “Niko,
Takumu! If that thing looks like it’s gonna start moving, stop it with
long-distance attacks! Pard, refuel your special-attack gauge!”
In lieu of a reply, the large blue avatar and the small red avatar
readied their weapons, while the leopard-faced avatar wordlessly
dashed out of the crater, still in Beast Mode. Haruyuki took a deep
breath and turned toward the fourth member of his team.
“Chiyu…I’m counting on you!!”

57

“I got this!!” Chiyuri replied firmly, taking a step forward. She raised
her Choir Chime—the assault weapon of a moment ago—into the air
again. As she whirled it counterclockwise in a large circle, a clear
ringing filled the crater. Once, twice, three times…four times.
“Citron…” A vivid lime-green glittering spilled from the large bell that
enveloped her left arm. As she brought it down, her sights set on
Mark II still on its back, sluggishly moving its limbs. “…Caaaaaaall!!”
Her voice was full of fight as she shouted the name of the technique,
and a torrent of light shot out from the bell opening. The beam flew
straight forward, and once it hit Mark II’s left leg, it instantly
wrapped around his entire body. The chiming of choir bells rained
down from the distant twilight sky.
Citron Call Mode II, a special attack of Lime Bell—aka the Watch
Witch—had the incredible power of rewinding permanent status
changes of the target to four stages back from the present. Which
meant she could get back all four of the Enhanced Armaments
Cerberus III had stolen from the Red King. But as was always the case
with an ability of this kind of astounding power, there were also
serious restrictions. Citron Call used up a fully charged special-attack
gauge, and there was a waiting period before the rewind was
activated. The beam of light also had no homing function, so it could
be easily interrupted if the target moved or hid behind something.
When the real Dusk Taker had stolen Haruyuki’s flight ability, Chiyuri
had gone so far as to pretend to be Nomi’s ally without telling
Haruyuki or Takumu anything in order to make Taker accept the light
of Citron Call.
If the copy of Nomi had still lived in the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark
II, then this time, for sure, he would have tried to evade Citron Call.
But the copy had been annihilated, and the red light that shone
down from the sky was in control of Mark II now. Something that
wasn’t even a Burst Linker would have no knowledge of Lime Bell’s

58

power. It likely had the instinct to evade an enemy’s attack, but the
light of Citron Call itself had no power to cause damage, so if Mark II
just judged it to be a harmless light and let it wash over its giant
form…
Haruyuki’s brain was on fast-forward, while time slowed to a glacial
pace. Seven seconds left until the status rewind effect
activated…Six…
Kashank! Abruptly, he heard an earsplitting metallic sound. Still flat
on its back, Mark II lined up its legs and fused them into one. Then its
torso lurched upward with the force of a spring released and flopped
forward onto its legs—its armor fusing with a squealing creak. Both
arms folded up onto the sides of the body and became one with it.
Haruyuki and his comrades were not simply staring slack-jawed while
this was happening. The moment the enemy started to move,
Takumu and Niko were aiming their respective weapons. Haruyuki
also clenched his hands and got into position to activate Ektenia.
Because Mark II’s torso was folded forward, the eye on the head
appeared in front of Haruyuki and his comrades as a ready target.
Lens still smashed, the inside of the sixty-centimeter hole was filled
with a dense darkness.
He had absolutely no idea what the giant was attempting by folding
itself in half and fusing all its armor together. It wouldn’t be able to
move if it was a limbless lump. Citron Call wasn’t a technique that did
damage, so it could shore up its defenses all it wanted, but it was
meaningless. But one thing, at least, was clear: It was trying to do
something. In which case, this was not the time to be twiddling their
thumbs.
“I’m firing!”
At Takumu’s signal, Haruyuki and his comrades joined together to
attack the lone weak point, the large hole on the head. Takumu’s

59

Cyan Lightning Pile, Niko’s handgun, and Haruyuki’s Ektenia were on
the verge of piercing the inky darkness when six brown armor plates
folded inward like the shutter leaves on an old camera to shut the
three attacks out. At the same time, smoke erupted from Mark II’s
lower half.
Still another four seconds until the activation of Citron Call’s
effect…Three…
“No way! This guy!” Niko shouted.
“Deeeellluurrrrru-ru-ru-ru!!” It roared like an old combustion engine
that had no muffler. Transformed into a five-meter-long rod of
metal, bent forward with all four limbs fused, Mark II—perhaps due
to some propulsive force—charged them.
“Chiyu!” Reflexively, Haruyuki reached and wrapped his arms around
Chiyuri, who was still holding her bell before her, light pouring from
it, and jumped with all his might. The sharp protrusions stretching
out from Mark II’s back grazed the tips of his toes, but fortunately,
he succeeded in evading the attack. Niko and Takumu also leapt to
the sides, unharmed.
But Citron Call, having lost its target with only two seconds left,
immediately weakened and disappeared. To activate it again, Chiyuri
would have to charge her special-attack gauge to full once more.
But at the moment, there was something more important than that.
Hovering in midair, Haruyuki turned and caught the departing lump
of metal in his sight.
Human-shaped until mere seconds earlier, the Armor of Catastrophe,
Mark II, had transformed into something entirely different. Three
rotating bodies covered in tapered metal—wheels—had at some
point been generated on each end of the lower half of the armor
with its organically curving lines, and these spun against the ground.

60

Black flames jetted from the thrusters to the rear, giving the massive
body even more acceleration power.
“What is this form?” Haruyuki groaned.
“That bastard!” Niko responded from the ground, her voice filled
with rage. “Transforming into Dreadnought!!”
The dignified human form with two arms and four legs was peculiar
to the Invincible, the Red King, Scarlet Rain’s Enhanced Armament.
As was befitting its nickname, Immobile Fortress, it overwhelmed
enemies with its immense firepower, but on the flip side of that coin,
it had low mobility. After a great deal of work to compensate for this
weak point, Niko had developed a transformation from human form
to a tank shape—Dreadnought mode. This had played a big part in
their mission, charging into the nest of the God Suzaku with Haruyuki
and the others riding on top or carrying them all from Umesato to
the former Tokyo Tower. He hadn’t even imagined that Mark II
would also be furnished with this transformation ability, though. At
five meters in length, it was about half the size of the real
Dreadnought, but its speed was that much faster.
“…I only had two seconds left…,” Chiyuri muttered regretfully in his
arms.
Haruyuki started to nod and then stopped himself and shook his
head forcefully. “No, if you kept going like that, he would’ve run you
down. You’re our trump card, Chiyu. As long as you survive, we’ll
make as many chances as you need.”
“…Right. I’ll go smash some buildings and charge up my specialattack gauge.”
“Do it!” This time, he nodded deeply and descended to the ground,
where he passed Chiyuri to Takumu. “Taku, guard Chiyuri until she’s
charged up! There was a building just to the south of the crater that
looked breakable! Niko and I will lead that guy away!”

61

“Roger, Haru! Red King! Don’t do anything reckless!”
“We’ll be back in a minute!” Chiyuri added.
As the childhood friends raced off, Mark II spun around at the
northern edge of the crater, smoke snaking up from all six of its
squealing tires. It stopped with Haruyuki and his comrades before it,
and the six shutter leaves protecting the eye opened slightly. Even if
it was a lump of Enhanced Armament moved by something inhuman,
it apparently still needed to see what was outside.
Mark II, Haruyuki, and Niko glared at one another for a bit, separated
by less than fifty meters.
“Crow,” Niko murmured abruptly, standing to Haruyuki’s immediate
right. “I’ll say this now. Thanks for coming to rescue me.”
Haruyuki swallowed before responding in a hushed tone, “Of course.
I mean, you came with us to help us, after all.”
“But gettin’ caught by that pile of panels was entirely on me. And
four o’ my Enhanced Armaments got taken ’cause I couldn’t get out
of that restraint under my own power. So all the responsibility for
this sitch is on me.”
“……”
The small, red-type avatar spoke with resolve, her eye lenses still
turned toward Mark II. “So I’ll finish this guy off. You take Pile and
Bell and head back to Midtown. Don’t worry. Once we take care of
this lug and get my Enhanced Armament back, Pard and I will—”
Haruyuki grabbed hold of Niko’s wrist tightly. He had no intention of
letting her say anything more. “We all go back together, Niko. I made
a promise.”
“I said I’d protect you.” He didn’t say those words out loud, but he
believed she heard them through the armor of their touching
avatars.

62

Niko didn’t answer right away. Instead, she raised her hand and
gripped Haruyuki’s tightly in return. “…nks.” She murmured
something in a voice so faint that Haruyuki couldn’t catch what she
said, and then she shouted loudly to make up for it, “Ya never listen,
huh? Even though you’re just a baby bird! Well, that’s it, then. We’ll
knock this guy flying together!!”
“Roger!!”
As if roused by the pair’s combined battle spirit, the armored tank
also jetted dark steam from the gill slits covering it. The eye shutter
opened even farther, and a red light flickered in the darkness inside.
Deep down in that darkness, Wolfram Cerberus was being held
prisoner.
After appearing in the middle of a duel with Haruyuki, Cerberus II
said he’d been “tuned for a certain purpose.” And this purpose was
to equip that thing Haruyuki had sealed away. This “thing” was
obviously the original Armor of Catastrophe, the Enhanced
Armament, the Disaster. But the armor had been split into its original
components using Ardor Maiden’s purification ability and left to rest
in a place where no one could touch it for all eternity.
The Acceleration Research Society, most likely having learned this
fact through Argon Array when she’d attended the meeting of the
Seven Kings, had thus launched their backup plan. Use the ISS kits,
the Red King’s Enhanced Armament, and Cerberus III aka Dusk
Taker’s theft ability to produce a new Armor.
The reason the Acceleration Research Society was so utterly fixated
on the Armor of Catastrophe was unclear. It might have been simply
because they wanted to sow destruction and confusion in the
Accelerated World, but it also could have been nothing more than
one element in a much larger plan.

63

But there was no need to wrestle with that now. If they could rewind
Mark II with Chiyuri’s Citron Call and return Invincible to its original
owner, they could thwart the Society’s scheme. And they’d be able
to free Cerberus from this mission he hadn’t wanted, because he
would no longer serve any purpose to the Society.
“Just wait, Cerberus. We’ll make you a regular Burst Linker soon,
just like I am. And then we’ll fight again. We’ll win and lose and delight
and cry. Any number of times,” Haruyuki vowed.
Almost as if sneering at this promise, the armored tank moved the
main armaments on either side of the vehicle body. The 60-second
recharge time had long since passed, so Haruyuki was ready for the
fearsome lasers of annihilation to be fired at any second. He just had
to dodge the attack one more time and close in on the tank.
The Armor of Catastrophe, Chrome Disaster—he should probably call
it Mark I now—had had any number of abilities. On top of the
greatsword that was its main weapon, there was the Wire Hook
launched from both hands, the fire-breath attack Flame Breath, the
short-distance teleportation Flash Blink, and the ability to make the
health gauge of a devoured enemy its own, Energy Drain. But these
techniques had been left to the armor by the successive wearers.
The newly born Mark II should have only had Cerberus’s armor
strength and Invincible’s main armaments. If they stuck close to the
vehicle body, they’d muddle through this somehow.
“I’ll fly right before it fires,” Haruyuki murmured, still holding Niko’s
hand.
“Counting on ya.”
Evading the laser on the ground meant they would get sucked into
an explosion of the same scale as the single blow that had created
the crater where they currently stood. They would need to make it
shoot into the sky and dodge it there like they had with the second
shot.

64

The eye of the tank opened even wider. The instant the overflowing
red malice flashed brightly, Haruyuki instinctively kicked off the
ground and flew. Yanking Niko up, he engaged his four wings with
everything he had. The double barrels turned sharply up to chase
them as they rapidly ascended.
Zzshunn! The launch of the reddish-black lances shook the air.
Haruyuki dropped to the left and twisted through the sky to avoid
them. Powerful though they might be, a straight trajectory longdistance attack with no homing function wouldn’t be able to take
Haruyuki down as easily as—
“Crow! Still coming!” Niko shouted suddenly, while a second heavy
vibration tried to drown her out.
Mark II had fired the two guns separately.
“Nngh!!” Haruyuki yanked himself out of the roll to the left and
veered to the right. The pressure threatened to rip his entire body
apart, but he gritted his teeth and kept turning. The great nihilistic
lances grazed the tip of his lower-left wing, sending black sparks
shooting off around them. Although he tried to pull away, the laser
itself seemed to have some kind of gravity; he was being yanked
toward it whether he liked it or not…
“Rah…Raaargh!!” In response to Haruyuki’s battle cry, Metatron’s
wings flapped powerfully. The momentary thrust severed the laser’s
pull, and Haruyuki and Niko started a sharp descent, spinning and
falling downward to the right.
In the center of his upside-down field of view, he could clearly see
the massive bulk of the armored tank. Perhaps intending to avoid a
collision with Haruyuki and Niko, the many tires were spinning
frantically backward, while the shutter in the eye started to close.

65

“Like I’m lettin’ that happen!” Niko thrust her gun forward and fired
blindly. Flames of impact bloomed one after another around the
shutter, and the speed at which it was closing slowed.
“Laser…” Concentrating on the image of light in his left hand, he
shouted at the top of his lungs, “…Lance!!”
He thrust his hand downward, taking advantage of the added speed
of their free fall, and a silver light jetted forth to hit Mark II’s eye just
as the shutter was on the verge of closing completely.
The blowback to his arm was fierce; sparks flew from his wrist and
elbow joints. The 50 percent remaining in his health gauge was cut
that much further, but the shutter that protected the enemy’s eye
was damaged. It stopped moving, leaving a hole about five
centimeters across.
“Niko! There!” Haruyuki said as he spread his four wings and
decelerated, but Niko was already stretching out her right hand, the
red handgun clenched tightly in her small fingers, and pulling the
trigger.
Krk, kew, kew, kew! Six light bullets drove into the darkness of the
hole.
The massive armored tank shuddered fiercely, emitting a strange
pained noise: “Deel…looroodeeroo…!!”
We gotta keep this up! Haruyuki flung himself at the front of the
tank, half colliding with it, and grabbed onto the opening of a gill slit
with his left hand. He had no sooner checked that Niko was similarly
supporting herself than he was opening his hand and brandishing it
high above his head.
“Laser…” Pushing his imagination to the limit, he brought a powerful
light into his right hand. If he could pierce the eye, even the mighty
Mark II should stop moving. The power of the nihilistic laser and the
transformation into Dreadnought put the fear of the fight in him, but

66

he would end it all right now. Today, he would forever check the
ambitions of the Acceleration Research Society. He started to bring
down his light sword—
But he failed to notice one thing. The fact that Mark II had fired the
two guns at different times showed its learning ability—the evolution
of its fighting style.
The word sword was on the verge of leaving his throat in a yell when
a black shadow, a fast-moving mist, charged in on him from both
sides of the vehicle and seized him. “Wha—?!”
“Crap!!” Niko yelped at the same time.
They were already being peeled away from the front of the tank with
an irresistible force, caught up in Mark II’s arms, which had
supposedly fused into the sides of the tank. Three massive talons
squeezed his avatar, and the incredible pressure made his armor
squeal. His health gauge dropped even further until it was dyed a
deep yellow.
“Ni…Niko…!” Fighting back the dizzying pain, Haruyuki desperately
reached out with his right hand, now bereft of the Incarnate light.
But he couldn’t reach Niko where she was trapped by the arm
growing from the left side of the tank. Before his eyes, the crimson
armor—already badly beaten—split and crumbled with tiny
fragments gleaming like blood as they fell to the ground. She might
have been a level-nine king, but the armor strength of the pure, longdistance-type Scarlet Rain was likely less than that of his metal color.
But she did not so much as groan in pain.
“Tch! Messed that up,” she remarked bravely. “Forgot this guy’s
arms’ve got hands, unlike my Dreadnought.”
“Hang on. I’ll…get out soon!”

67

Perhaps it was fortunate that he was being held on the top of the
tank. Unlike Niko, who was snugly wrapped up in the massive fist,
arms and all, Haruyuki was held only from the waist down, leaving
his arms and wings free. Enduring the agony, he brandished his right
hand once more and called back the Incarnate light. His Laser Lance
had a range of more than ten meters, so it should make it to her.

68

69

“Forget about me!” Niko shouted in a sharp voice before he could
launch the technique. “Hit the eye!!”
“B-but!”
“I’m not gonna get done in by somethin’ like this! Hurry and shoot,
Crow!!” The Red King sounded like her impatience was greater than
her pain. She must have felt it, too: that Mark II’s battle sense was
improving at a terrifying rate.
“Got it!” With no other choice, Haruyuki shifted his gaze from Niko
to the armored tank. Although the shutter was damaged, the
diameter of the hole that led to the eye—the monster’s lone weak
point—wasn’t even five centimeters. He might not make it through
the hole with Metatron Wings’s Ektenia. His only option was his
Laser Lance, but would he be able to accurately fire at a pinhole
while his lower body was being crushed?
No, it wasn’t a matter of could or could not. He had to. He turned the
tip of the Incarnate lance lodged in his right hand toward Mark II’s
single eye. His silver overlay output was unstable; it trembled and
flickered.
More. More light! He focused intently on pulling out every bit of
energy left to him.
Mark II didn’t let this mere millisecond of stagnation slip by. It
stopped trying to crush Haruyuki and Niko and suddenly threw its
arms out. The fists clutching them were thrust out forcefully.
“Nngh!!” Haruyuki cried out at the shock, so great that it threatened
to tear his soul right out of his avatar. He lost both vision and
hearing, and the dim world became nothing but a high-pitched
screeching. In the upper left side of his field of view, his health gauge
dropped more than 20 percent all at once, plunging into the
dangerous red zone.

70

“Deeloooo…” A low groan came from the tank with arms. Its fists
were still spread out to the sides, and there came another collision.
Boom! The massive roar was like a cannon shot, and his gauge lost
another 20 percent, leaving a mere 10 percent. If he took another hit
like that, he would die.
The extreme agony went beyond pain—it felt like his body was about
to fall apart, but he still managed to squeeze out, “Ni…Niko!”
“I…I’m still here…” The reply, similarly weak, came from a little ways
off. Then she said, with just a bit more strength, “Crow. I’m gonna
create an opening, just for a second. You gotta use it to escape
somehow.”
“Huh? An opening? I mean…how?” His eyes widened in desperation,
and as his vision slowly recovered, he caught sight of the small figure
of the Red King.
She was held firmly from shoulders to hips by the three massive
machinelike talons; there was no way she could fire the gun in her
right hand. The damage to the exposed parts of her armor was
severe, and a blood-red light effect poured from those areas. Inside
the fist, the damage probably reached the avatar’s naked body. The
small, battered figure began to recede. Mark II was opening its arms
for the third time. If they were slammed outward again, both Niko
and Haruyuki would die.
Suddenly, from a gap in the claws that held Niko came a crimson
glimmering many times more brilliant than the twilight sun pouring
down over the stage: It was overlay, proof of the activation of the
Incarnate System. But the only Incarnate attacks Niko could use
without her Enhanced Armament were Radiant Beat, which launched
flame bullets from her fist, and Radiant Burst, which fired a
succession of these. If she activated either technique while she was
caught in Mark II’s fist, the flames would burn up not only her
enemy, but also Niko herself.

71

This was Niko’s plan—no, resolve. She was going to sacrifice herself
to create an opening for Haruyuki to escape from the restraint.
No. You can’t. Absolutely not. I said I’d protect you.
“I…promised!!” Haruyuki spread his wings in a trance. The Mark II’s
claws ate into his avatar’s hips and legs like a vise. No matter how he
tried to fly, he wouldn’t be able to shake them off. But there was one
thing he could still do.
His mind, half-muddied from the double impacts, had no way to
generate the focus needed to activate his Incarnate technique. But
flying—revving up the wings that were his duel avatar’s reason for
existence—and aiming for the sky…
“Niko! Trust…me!!” he shouted again as if to rip his throat open,
pouring all his remaining willpower into the silver-and-white wings.
“Deeraaar!!” Unleashing a roar of rage, Mark II moved to slam
together once more the fist that held Haruyuki and the hand
clutching Niko.
In the next instant, a shooting star shining a deep red pierced the gap
between the two. The ball of light smashed into the front of the
armored tank and exploded magnificently. Fortunately, Haruyuki and
Niko were wrapped up in the fingers, and neither took anything
more than a little scraping damage. But Mark II’s single eye had been
wide open when it took that direct hit. The giant lurched backward,
howling in agony.
A long-distance firing attack?! Who on earth—?!
Eyes wide open, Haruyuki spotted a figure in the middle of the dying
bonfire: a crimson leopard, throwing her body back as she fell to the
ground.
It wasn’t a gun attack. It was the special attack Bloodshed Cannon,
which turned the very body of Blood Leopard—Bloody Kitty, one of

72

Prominence’s Triplex—into a bullet. She had gone beyond the crater
to recharge her special-attack gauge and was now taking decisive
action to save Niko and Haruyuki with a suicide attack.
After hitting the front of Mark II—equivalent in strength to Wolfram
Cerberus’s tungsten armor—with a body blow, Leopard slammed
into the ground, pieces falling from her own armor.
This sight roused a new flame in Haruyuki’s heart. I can’t waste this
last chance Pard created for me. I have to fly. If I don’t fly now…Then
why do I even have wings?
“Ah…Aaaaaaaaaaah!!” As Haruyuki howled, ribbons of dazzling silver
light unfurled from his back. His own wings sang in loud resonance
with Metatron’s and shook the Twilight stage.
The enormous fist clutching Haruyuki reached out, showering sparks.
The front of the armored tank rose several dozen centimeters into
the air, thanks to Pard’s attack, and stopped at that angle. Although
the tension threatened to rip him to pieces, Haruyuki kept fueling his
wings with all his strength. Waterfalls of sparks shot out from the
armor joints of his shoulders and chest and stomach. Already down
to just 10 percent, his health gauge was carved away bit by bit.
So heavy. He’d known in his mind that the Armor of Catastrophe,
Mark II’s mass far surpassed the range of a Burst Linker, but this was
something else. It might have been missing one of the original
Invincible’s parts, but it still didn’t so much as shift, almost as though
it were fused to the stage itself.
His special-attack gauge, charged when he took serious damage in
the two fist collisions, was dropping with terrifying speed. Once it hit
zero, he would lose his last chance. Haruyuki and Niko would be
killed instantly, and Pard, collapsed on the ground below, would also
be taken out.

73

He stretched his hands up into the sky. His mind started to burn
white. “Light…,” he shouted with the last of his fuel, his very
existence itself, “…speeeeeeeed!!”
Even the logic of the Incarnate System—concentrating one’s
imagination to overwrite the phenomenon—was long gone from his
head. If he’d been trying to activate an attack, the system would not
have responded to his call of the name. But Haruyuki’s secondquadrant Incarnate technique, Light Speed, was unstable; its
activation strongly depended on his mental state. It was this
instability that responded to Haruyuki’s will now.
A light dozens of times greater than anything he’d produced thus far
jetted from his wings, almost like the explosion of a supernova. As
the silver overlay colored the world white, Haruyuki saw the sky
come mere tens of centimeters closer. The maliciously spiked tires of
the armored tank pulled away from the ground one after the other.
The massive five-meter-long body began to tilt farther and farther
upward.
“Unh…Aah…Aaaaaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki shouted, the last of his
willpower on the verge of burning out completely, and called in one
corner of his heart, “Metatron. One more time…One last time, lend
me your strength.”
He heard no response. But he didn’t have to see it to feel the snowy
white wings on the upper part of his back manifesting another wing.
With his original silver wings, three pairs of wings now stretched out
from his back, generating a layered harmony like the song of an
angel.
In the center of the explosion of light powerful enough to wipe out
even two gauges, Haruyuki flew. The sky was close. The earth grew
distant. But the massive talons continued to hold fast onto his
avatar.

74

Haruyuki ascended—the entire massive bulk of the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II, dangling below him. Higher…Higher…!!
Mark II couldn’t fly. Which meant if he could bring it up to a superhigh altitude, he could do some severe damage to the armor, even if
it meant he died while doing so. He wouldn’t be able to finish the job
of protecting Niko, but Pard, on the ground, would definitely rescue
her for him.
So higher he rose. Into the sky.
He was about to flap his six wings one final time with everything he
had when the restraint that had held him like a vise abruptly
disappeared. Mark II had let go on its own. In reaction, Haruyuki
started to ascend rapidly, but he opened his wings wide and barely
managed to brake and reorient himself downward.
His altitude was maybe five hundred meters. Against the backdrop of
the dusky Twilight stage, the enormous armored tank immediately
lost momentum and started to fall. It had apparently released Niko
at the same time as Haruyuki; he spotted the crimson avatar in the
air a little ways off.
Although he was on the verge of passing out from the enormous
mental strain of his flight, Haruyuki desperately held fast his
consciousness and drifted several meters to one side to grab onto
Niko’s hand. She seemed half-conscious herself, but the hand in his
squeezed back weakly.
“…Niko.” He gently pulled the petite avatar into his arms. She was so
thoroughly battered, it was surprising she still had anything left in
her health gauge. He wouldn’t let go of this hand again. Not until
they got back to the real world from the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Hardening his resolve, he watched the falling armored tank.
If it crashed from this height, it might not be destroyed, but it would
certainly be shocked into immobility. While it was, they would get

75

back the original Enhanced Armament with Lime Bell’s Citron Call—
this time for sure. And then it would all be over—
“Deel…rrrraaaaaoooooooh!!” Suddenly, the thunderous roar filled
the sky.
Pakunk! The tank emitted a strange noise and peeled apart into top
and bottom. The metal armor wriggled frantically, changing shape.
The upper half into a torso. The lower half into two legs. In mere
seconds, the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II, had returned to its
original human form, the shutter covering the eye of its head wide
open.
A reddish-black light flickered fiercely inside the fifty-centimeter
hole. A dense aura mixing hatred and rage and all kinds of other
negative emotions wrapped around the massive body of Mark II. The
two arms were powerfully thrust forward. The two gun barrels drew
a double cross with inky particles.
…Crap…It’s already recharged, Haruyuki thought, dumbfounded, and
the double nihilistic lasers were fired with a roar.
Special-attack gauge: zero. Incarnate energy: zero. It was all he could
do to keep hovering in midair as the two great lances shining the
color of blood and darkness fused into one and closed in on him at a
ferocious speed. His only option was to stare at the torrent, the tidal
wave powerful enough to erase all of creation—
No. Don’t give up. You have to fly. Maybe you’ve used up all your
energy, but as long as your wings still move, you have to push a little
more, a little higher, a little farther…!
Skreeeeee!! Abruptly, the dry sound of a lightning strike filled
Haruyuki’s consciousness.
This is.
The sound of acceleration.

76

There was nothing.
His consciousness alone wandered in the infinite darkness from
which all light, sound, and even physical sensation had disappeared.
Was he dead? Had he failed to avoid the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark
II’s guns and been evaporated together with Niko?
No. If he’d died in the Unlimited Neutral Field, he would have simply
shifted to a standby state, waiting for regeneration in sixty minutes.
The world would indeed have lost its color, but he would have been
able to clearly see the scene around him. But no matter how wide he
opened his eyes or how hard he squinted, he could see nothing
beyond this long darkness. It went without saying that his own avatar
was gone, but even the health gauge and special-attack gauge in the
upper left of his field of view had been extinguished.
“…Niko,” he called softly, but there was no response. Fumbling
around, he couldn’t tell if his own arms actually existed. “Taku,
Chiyu…Pard…” His unease ballooning, he called his comrades.
“Kuroyukihime…Master…Mei…Curren…”
But the world remained wrapped in cold silence. Actually, he
couldn’t even feel temperature or the flow of air. The only word that
fit this place was nothing. Had some anomaly occurred in the Brain
Burst program, and had his spirit fallen into a place stuck between
the worlds? Would he live in an infinite solitude in this endless
darkness, going nowhere, seeing no one?
“Someone…? Anyone? Answer me!” Haruyuki raised a desperate
voice, suddenly seized by the fear that the very mind aware of this
nothing space might disappear, too.
“Chiyu…Niko…Rin…Kuroyukihime…”

77

But his cries were futile. Absorbed into the darkness, they
disappeared without so much as an echo. Wrapping his nonexistent
arms tightly around his nonexistent body, he said in the weakest of
voices, “Metatron…”
And suddenly, a single point of the tiniest light appeared soundlessly
before his eyes. A single photon with no mass or even size. But it was
definitely there. Focusing his entire self on the faintly shining dot, he
started to speak ever so timidly.
“Metatron…? Is that you…?”
The dot fluffed out and turned into a small ring. When he looked
very closely at the circle of white light, it appeared to be vibrating
slightly. Wondering if maybe anything else had materialized, he
started to look away, but the vibrations grew larger and larger,
making it harder to keep his eyes on the ring. He hurriedly readjusted
his gaze, and the ring stabilized once more. It seemed that if his
consciousness wasn’t focused on it, he would slip out of harmony
with the ring.
“Please, Metatron. If that’s you, respond to my voice.” Haruyuki
synced his entire being to the ring, which was not even a millimeter
across.
The ring slowly grew larger—or else Haruyuki started to shrink.
Finally, the expansion stopped, and something hazy materialized
beneath it. He hesitantly reached an invisible hand out to the mass of
particles that were again diffusing hazily, trying to take some kind of
shape—and touched it.
Hyoon! The particles clumped together and began to trace out a
human shape—a semitransparent female figure. He’d seen this noble
face, eyes closed, just once before. There was no mistake; this was
the true form of the Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron that
had appeared after the fierce battle at Midtown Tower. Were there

78

only two wings stretching out from the back of the thin dress,
instead of the four from the last time he’d see her, because she’d
lent half to Haruyuki?
“…Meta…tron…?” he murmured, and as if in response, the inhuman
beauty slowly lifted her eyelids.
Two glittering gold eyes caught sight of Haruyuki’s mind. And then
the ring above the girl’s—Metatron’s—head scattered in a dazzling
circle of light that passed his consciousness, and the body of Silver
Crow materialized, as if this light had given emptiness reality. Like
Metatron, he was composed of particles of light and was more than
semitransparent, but at any rate, he had physical sensation again,
and he could clench his hands.
“………”
Heaving a sigh of relief from the avatar, which felt like it existed once
more, Haruyuki brought his hands up to touch Metatron again.
“Insolent creature!” The sharp reprimand echoed in the empty space,
and his hand was repelled with a snap. Eyelids lowered once more,
the female-type Enemy arched her thin eyebrows ever so slightly and
continued in a hard voice, “You mustn’t touch me so casually. Have
you forgotten that you are my servant?”
“Huh…? Servant…?” Cocking his head to one side, he finally
remembered. Now that she mentioned it, when they were hiding
from the knight Enemy guarding the Acceleration Research Society
headquarters, he had maybe gotten carried away and made a
promise like that. Had he promised her a thousand minutes or a
thousand hours or—no, now wasn’t the time for that. “S-sorry. I just
wanted to check. Um, you’re Metatron…right?”
“That is obvious. I shall forgive you for omitting my title, but I am
your master, after all. Ensure that you can be aware of me without
touching or looking at me.”

79

“R-right.”
“To begin with, why did you not call my name immediately? If you
had, we would have been able to synchronize much sooner.”
“Uh…Um…”
Apparently, she was not happy that, after awakening in this nothing
space, Haruyuki had called Metatron’s name only after those of
Chiyuri, Takumu, Kuroyukihime, Niko, and his other comrades. But
there was nothing to be done about that now. All he could do was
apologize. “I-I’m sorry. I never thought you’d actually answer me,
so…”
“And that is why I tell you that you are a fool! There is no other
presence able to have a rapport with you at this level other than me.”
“L-level? I’m still just level five, though…”
Metatron’s eyebrows shot up again. “I have no interest in such
trivialities as the ranking of you little warriors! The level I speak of is,
to wit, an awareness high enough, deep enough to know this
world…You are currently looking at the world from a standard that is
most certainly not normally reached with the body of a tiny warrior.”
“…High…” Haruyuki got that she was not referring simply to altitude
in the Unlimited Neutral Field. That said, however, he had no idea
what she was actually talking about. He looked around timidly, but
there remained as before nothing other than his own self and
Metatron drawn out in light particles. He looked down at his feet,
and there, too, was only the endless inky darkness.
“Oh!” Here, Haruyuki finally remembered his dire situation right
before he’d fallen into this space of nothingness, this “level”
Metatron spoke of. “R-right! Mark II’s laser!! I—I—I was about to
take a direct hit, and then…” A shudder of terror ran through him—
the fear that the nihilistic great lance might break through the
darkness at his feet and slam into him even now.

80

“This Mark II,” Metatron responded evenly, cocking her head slightly
to one side. “Would that be the pseudo-Being you little ones were
fighting?”
“Uh, um…I…think so…”
“Mmm. In that case, the fight is not yet over. Look down, very
carefully.” Metatron waved her right hand lightly. Particles of purewhite light danced around as if to illuminate the scene, and beneath
them, a pillar of muddy reddish-black particles appeared.
The pillar was diagonal—static in midair. It didn’t look to be moving,
but the minute particles composing it squirmed and wiggled like a
collection of tiny insects, and he felt an almost physical disgust.
“Wh-what’s that?”
“The void attack launched by that Mark II or whatever you call it, of
course. Simply looking at it is quite odious…It’s quite astounding,
actually, that it is able to produce such an abominable power.”
“Huh? S-so then, that black pillar is Mark II’s nihilistic laser?! Why’s it
stopped?”
“To be more precise, you only feel that it is stopped. Further open
your domain of awareness,” she instructed.
He wasn’t too sure how to do that exactly, but he opened his eyes
wide at any rate—and intently so. Far below, he saw a mass even
denser and more enormous than the reddish-black pillar. It was
basically black, but the center held a silver light just a little darker
than Haruyuki. If that was Mark II, then was the silver in the center
maybe Wolfram Cerberus still in the cockpit?
If I can see Cerberus…, he thought, running his gaze along the
horizon, where he found an assembly of particles shining a
transparent red some ways off. Convinced that this was Niko, he
moved to approach her, but Metatron stopped him.

81

“It’s pointless. At this level, you cannot interact with your little
comrade warriors nor, of course, the enemy presence. All that is
possible is to simply be aware.”
“O-oh. Um, so then is that maybe the same logic as to how you can’t
move things in the real world while in the Blue World when you first
accelerate?”
“I am unfamiliar with these terms, but if that is what you think, then
it is likely so,” Metatron replied curtly, moving her haze to stand to his
immediate right. “Now, we will further expand the domain of
awareness.”
“Huh? …Ah…Whoa?!” Haruyuki let out this slightly pathetic cry
because Metatron suddenly grabbed hold of his right arm. He didn’t
even have time to finish the thought But she told me not to just go
touching her before the Archangel was yanking him up and
ascending rapidly. “I-if we’re gonna fly, then say we’re gonna—”
Before he could even finish his grumbled protest, they stopped
abruptly. He had the curious feeling that inertia was not at work in
any way both when they started and stopped moving, but he
assumed that was just the way it was here and glanced over to his
side.
Now that he was thinking about it, this female-type avatar,
Metatron’s second form, had appeared before him for only a few
seconds immediately after the fierce fight with her first form at
Midtown Tower. At the time, he’d been shaking so hard from the
extraordinarily intimidating air of the body that had suddenly
appeared, he hadn’t been able to get a good look at her. But now
that he was looking at her again up close, he was at a loss for words
as to how to describe her supernatural beauty—not even the word
perfection was close to adequate.
Even though she was nothing but particles of white light, he was
overcome by a sensation like his soul was being knocked out of him. If

82

this is her form in the Unlimited Neutral Field, then it’s no wonder I
passed out— No, no, I can’t think about this now. I mean, I have
Kuroyukihime and all…
“If you gaze upon me for too long, you will develop impairments in
your cognitive abilities.”
“Oh! I-I’m sorry!” Haruyuki nearly followed this apology with a
remark about how Metatron was apparently capable of jokes, but
she could have simply been telling the truth, so he hurriedly averted
his eyes.
When he looked down, they seemed a fair bit higher up than before.
The nihilistic laser stagnating in midair, Mark II that fired it, and the
floating Niko were all nothing more than pinpoints now. Squinting,
he noticed a dot of crimson light on the inky horizontal far, far
below—most likely the ground. From the color, it had to have been
Blood Leopard.
In which case, he thought, turning his awareness out to an even
greater sphere. There he found spots of green and blue on the same
horizon as Pard but much farther off. That would be Chiyuri and
Takumu.
“Hmm. It seems you’re now able to see, more or less, yes?”
“Y-yeah, well, I guess. But I still have no idea what exactly this world
is.” Scrolling back through his memory, he felt like he’d heard the
sound of acceleration—the same one as when he gave the Burst Link
command, immediately before he shifted to this static, pitch-black
space. But of course, it had only sounded like that lightning strike. If
it had been the acceleration sound, he was in big trouble.
“We call this place the Highest Level,” Metatron informed him.
“Highest…Level,” he parroted back. “So then, what is the Unlimited
Neutral Field where I was fighting until a minute ago?”
“The Mean Level.”

83

“Huh…” That word mean. He was pretty sure it also meant midway
on top of the usual significance meaning. In which case, he was
curious about what the normal duel field below that and the real
world even lower down would be called. But he got the feeling she’d
get mad at him again if he kept asking questions, so he shelved them
and looked out at the world of the Highest Level again. Although
he’d only been aware of the monotonous darkness at first, now he
could at least tell the difference between earth and sky.
When he stared at the ground, it seemed that the terrain was
roughly reproduced on this level as well. The line running along the
left side of the crater made by Mark II was probably the expressway.
Which meant that Haruyuki and Metatron were facing due north.
He turned his gaze upward to find four points of light clumped
together a fair distance to the north. They weren’t as high up as
Haruyuki and Metatron, but they were still at a considerable altitude.
Sky blue, scarlet, pale blue—and black. Black but totally different
from the muddied darkness of Mark II; it had the quality of
transparent motion.
“Kuroyukihime!” There was no mistake. The spot of black light was
Kuroyukihime—Black Lotus. Which meant the other lights were
Fuko, Akira, and Utai. They were probably hanging in the air because
Fuko was carrying the others with her Gale Thruster.
The four had remained at Midtown Tower in order to pull out Niko’s
cable in the real world. So were they apparently moving toward
Haruyuki and his comrades because they had witnessed Mark II’s
first large explosion and suspected something out of the ordinary
was going on? But even with Gale Thruster, Sky Raker would never
be able to carry the weight of four people all the way here in one
flight. It would be ten minutes at the very least before the arrival of
reinforcements.

84

No. Counting on Kuroyukihime and the others to rescue us and
deactivate the armor is a fantasy. We’ll finish this all up before they
arrive and greet them with smiles.
“Thank you, Kuroyukihime. But I’m okay. The Armor of Catastrophe,
Mark II, we’ll definitely—” His murmuring was forcibly cut off
because, once again, Metatron had grabbed his arm and started to
ascend rapidly.
“Aaaaah!” he cried as he was yanked upward to what he perceived
to be an altitude of over one thousand meters, where they again
stopped abruptly with no concern for momentum or inertia.
“Now,” the Archangel announced in a somewhat colder voice—or
maybe that was just in his mind. “Even you should be able to see the
true form at this point.”
“Huh? Tr-true form?” He blinked hard several times and stared
intently at the archangel. Nothing in the beauty of her face in profile,
eyelashes lowered, seemed different from a moment ago. Twisting
his neck, he unconsciously raised his right hand and went to poke the
smooth line of her cheek.
“Insolence!!”
Whap! She slapped the palm of his hand away with the tip of a wing,
and Haruyuki swallowed a yelp as he leapt back.
“I-it’s just—I don’t know what’s different, so…”
“I speak not of me!” the Archangel rebuked him sharply before
gesturing toward the space below them with both hands. “You must
use all your awareness and look at the world. You have put this into
practice many times in the battle up to now. Broaden that sensation,
deepen it, heighten it, extend it. Expand in every direction.”
Metatron wasn’t making too much sense to him, but even so, he felt
like he got about half of what she was trying to say.

85

Look. Not at one point; at the whole. Not for a moment;
continuously. In the Accelerated World, Haruyuki and the other Burst
Linkers didn’t actually see with their eyes. Their avatars did have
eyes, but it wasn’t as though these were connected directly to their
real eyes. Their consciousness itself saw, heard, touched, and felt the
world generated by the Brain Burst central server—also known as
the Main Visualizer—through their Neurolinkers. This world, the
Highest Level, was likely a place that expressed the elements that
made up the Accelerated World in a form closer to their true nature.
A world where things weren’t translated into easy-to-understand 3-D
objects—where information itself flowed and drifted.
Haruyuki had unconsciously closed his eyes the way Metatron did.
Despite the fact that when he blinked before, it had interrupted his
vision, and he was able to perceive the world hazily now with his
eyes closed. The earth a distant thousand meters below. Pard,
Takumu, and Chiyuri there. Mark II floating in the air. Niko even
higher up. Far off in the distance, Fuko, Utai, Akira, and
Kuroyukihime.
That wasn’t all. He could even see down into the basement of the
Acceleration Research Society hideout beneath the crater Mark II
had made; it was far deeper and bigger than he’d thought. And the
knight Enemies on guard—there were three, no, four.
His power of perception popped aboveground once more and spread
out horizontally. He could feel in detail the terrain of the Minato
Ward Area, right down to each and every building. When he reached
a wide street running to the northwest, the tower that soared up
remarkably high was probably the old Tokyo Tower. Fufuan at its
peak was like a particle of sand compared with the large-scale terrain
around it, but it felt warm somehow. And immediately beside the
house, something whirling, smaller than the house, but which had a
higher density of information. That had to be the portal.

86

Four small flying Enemies were suspended in the sky even farther
north of the tower. When he expanded his range of perception, he
found an infinite number of other Enemies. Large ones, small ones,
hot ones, cold ones…And more than a few appeared to be
approaching the crater that was the battlefield for Haruyuki and his
comrades. They were probably drawn in by the Incarnate techniques
activated in succession by both sides. He had to end this battle
before they came charging in.
Haruyuki slowly lifted his eyelids. “Whoa…Ah…!” A faint moan
slipped out of his mouth.
The world had changed phases completely. On the ground outside
the crater where there had been nothing but darkness, infinite
points of light were scattered; it glittered like a starry sky. Most of
the particles of white light were distributed along the roads, but
some were also in large buildings and every nook and cranny of the
plazas. It was utterly impossible to count them all. Naturally, the
areas beyond Minato were similarly filled with light, and the whole
effect was like an art piece drawing central Tokyo in stardust.
“What are those lights?” Haruyuki asked.
“We call them nodes,” Metatron answered quietly. “The places
where the information that decides the shape of the world is born,
connected, and flows.”
“The shape…of the world…,” he parroted back before the true
gravity of the statement hit him, eliciting a gasp. The arrangement of
those lights that could have been ordered or were random was
probably… “The social cameras?”
It took the form of a question, but Haruyuki was already certain of
the idea. The network of automatic monitoring devices placed in
every inch of every public space in the real world with the goal of
maintaining public safety. They were social security–surveillance
cameras—social cameras.

87

The Brain Burst program hacked the images captured by this
monitoring network to produce duel fields that re-created the reality
of the terrain in real time, so of course they were “deciding the
shape of this world.” Information regarding the social camera
network was strictly guarded, and there was no way for the general
population—Haruyuki included—to find out how many cameras
there were or where the facility was that aggregated and processed
the information. There were some sites online that collected
information on the position of the cameras, but there was also a
theory that the cameras that could be seen with the eye made up
less than half the total, with the majority being skillfully hidden. As
far as he could see looking down on the distribution of lights from
the Highest Level, that theory appeared to be correct. The white
stardust shone with a density that was two—no, three times the
layout of cameras he had found in town on his own.
Tokyo depicted in this vast number of points of lights visibly
demonstrated the excessive monitoring of the people of the city, but
at the same time, it was so beautiful that it took his breath away. As
he shifted his gaze along a line of lights that shone even more
brightly—probably the Yamanote Line—from Minato to Shibuya and
on to Shinjuku, Haruyuki realized something.
“Huh?” The center of Tokyo, the very middle of the Chiyoda Ward
Area, was alone sunken into inky darkness. No matter how he
strained his eyes, he couldn’t pick out a single speck of stardust. But
that was impossible. That was the imperial palace in the real world,
one of the most heavily guarded places in the city. Obviously, there
had to have been any number of social cameras in it; it should have
been shining like the center of the Milky Way in this world. So why
was there not even a hint of light there? It was almost like a supermassive black hole had eaten away the center of the galaxy.
“You seem to have noticed, hmm?” Metatron whispered. He
glanced over at her. The Archangel still had her eyes closed, but

88

Haruyuki strongly felt that her gaze was turned toward the darkness
at the center of Chiyoda. “That place alone—the space that you little
warriors call the Castle—is completely cut off from the world. Even
with my own powers of perception, I can sense nothing of the inside.”
“Cut off? But, um…” Haruyuki struggled with whether it was okay to
talk about this before timidly finishing his sentence. “I was inside the
Castle just once before. It didn’t look fundamentally different inside
than outside. There were buildings and Ene—I mean, Beings, and it
had the same attribute as the outside world…”
“………”
Unusually, Metatron hesitated, and then she nodded gently. “I
know that you entered the Castle from previous observations. The
reason I spoke to you during your battle with my first form…and why I
invited you to this Highest Level is indeed because of this fact.”
“What?!” he cried out unconsciously, stunned.
Metatron slowly turned to face Haruyuki directly. Her eyelids were
raised ever so slightly, and glittering gold eyes pierced Haruyuki’s
own, right down to his soul. Inside his head, a clear, solemn voice
echoed. “Warrior Silver Crow.”
Without even realizing this was the first time Metatron had called
him by his name rather than you, Haruyuki simply waited for her to
continue.
“I, Metatron, one pillar of the Four Saints, suggest an exchange. I
shall deliver unto you the destruction of that pseudo-Being.”
And then he remembered all over again. Right now, at this moment,
he was on the verge of taking a direct hit from the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II’s nihilistic laser in the Unlimited Neutral Field—
what Metatron called the Mean Level. To be honest, he had no idea
how to avoid that attack. If Metatron said she would help him, he
couldn’t very well refuse. But what bothered him was the

89

“exchange.” Meaning that Haruyuki would also have to offer
something in return for her help.
“What do I need to do?” he asked fearfully. He was completely
unprepared for the Archangel’s response.
“You will allow me to reference your memories of the inside of the
Castle.”
“R-reference…my memories? That’s all?” he asked, but then he
gasped in realization. “Um, that—does that mean my memories will
be gone?”
“I said reference, did I not?” she snapped in reply. “I will only look;
I will not erase. To begin with, if I had such privileges as to erase
memories, I would browse them without bothering with this
exchange.”
“I—I guess so. Um…” He shrank back. Did I do anything embarrassing
inside the Castle? No, no, I’m talking to an Enem—a Being here;
there’s no need to be embarrassed about anything. His thoughts
quickly ran through the possibilities, and then he nodded. “I’m fine
with that. In fact, I’d actually like you to…But how am I supposed to
show you my memories?”
“Good. With these words, the contract is made,” Metatron
announced in a tone that brooked no argument, rather than
answering Haruyuki’s question, and stretched out her hands. She
wrapped her fingers around the dots of silver light that made up
Silver Crow’s helmet. Although her fingers were so slender that he
hesitated to even touch them, they held his entire body perfectly in
place; he was unable to move hands or feet.
“Huh? Uh, wh-wh-what…?”
“Quiet. Calm your mind and accept me.” She had no sooner given
him this order than Archangel Metatron was touching her own face
to Haruyuki’s helmet.

90

Gaaaah?! he very nearly shouted, but desperately controlled
himself, and Metatron’s fierce beauty slipped soundlessly through
Silver Crow’s mirrored visor. Her golden eyes peered into his from
extremely close-up, while she touched their faces firmly together.
Haruyuki’s mental circuitry shorted, shooting out sparks, and he was
unable to think about anything.
And then the core of his mind overflowed with a golden light. In this
shining haze, several still images flashed up, one after another.
The God Suzaku hanging in the air against the backdrop of the
Castle’s south gate.
Haruyuki charging into the south gate with Ardor Maiden in his arms.
The interior of the Castle—autumn colors dancing in the Heian stage.
The blue samurai avatar they met inside.
And the space at the very deepest level after descending steep stairs,
sealed off by a massive sacred rope, and the golden light that
flickered on the other side of the darkness…
“I have indeed been shown your memories.”
He returned to himself with a gasp. Metatron had already pulled her
face away from his. But her hands were still pressed against his
helmet, and her inhuman beauty was still right in front of him.
“I see…” A faint voice spilled from her graceful lips. “The Shrine of
the Eight Divines. So then there are Beings in the depths of the Castle
who surpass even the Four Gods…”
“Huh? Um, just now, what…?”
“To obtain more information than this, it seems I will need to
contact this Azure Air. Does this mean that the time to face the Four
Gods has come at last? …But at the moment, it’s still…”

91

He couldn’t tell if these words were really coming from Metatron’s
mouth. Because the instant her body pulled away, he suddenly
couldn’t hear them anymore. Or perhaps it was her thoughts that
were being communicated to him, but she was an Enemy (Being), a
program— What on earth would she be thinking about?

92

93

“Um.” Haruyuki took in the figure of the standing Archangel once
more and asked timidly, “Why are you interested in the Castle?”
Metatron turned a cool gaze on him, as if to say this was a
meaningless question. But in his mind, Metatron, the Four Gods, and
the Castle all existed on the system side, so they seemed equal to
him in their most fundamental form. As if reading these thoughts,
the beautiful woman, snowy-white and luminescent, closed her eyes
once more and turned her face to the galaxy on the ground.
“When I gained existence in this world, I was a simple Being who
only followed the orders I was given.” Haruyuki heard a somewhat
desolate yet quiet voice in his mind. “I waited for little warriors to visit
the deepest level of the Contrary Cathedral, my domain in Area threezero-two, and I fought them. That was everything I was intended to
do.”
Haruyuki had never once been to Metatron’s castle, the Shibakoen
underground labyrinth. It was the largest, most difficult dungeon in
the Unlimited Neutral Field, so there had never been that many Burst
Linkers daring to tackle it. Even if an attack was launched every
weekend, seven days in the real world was seven thousand days in
the Unlimited Neutral Field. Metatron must have been waiting
patiently for enemies that only appeared once every twenty years.
He turned his eyes toward her once more, but the Archangel
continued with an aloof look:
“A long, long time passed, until finally, warriors appeared to crush
my first form in Field Attribution UH-zero-one—what you little ones
call the Hell stage. But when they departed with one of the Seven Arcs
from the throne room, the frequency of the little warriors visiting my
castle dropped even further. With no chance to exert my abilities as
my second form, time equivalent to an eternity passed again. At some
point, I began to think. I…What exactly was this consciousness that I
had been given under the name Metatron? What being had produced

94

me and given me this vain mission? And for what purpose did the world
I perceived exist?”
“………!!”
Haruyuki gasped. Metatron’s monologue was shocking in two ways.
One was that Metatron, an Enemy (Being) in the Accelerated World,
doubted the reason for her own existence. Her intelligence had
indeed reached a level that far surpassed the domain of a program
within the game. And the second was that someone had said very
similar words to Haruyuki before. In the depths of his mind, a faint
voice came back to life.
“Burst Linkers reaching level ten would have the chance to meet the
program creator and would be told the true meaning behind the
existence of Brain Burst, as well as its ultimate goal. I…I want to know.
Whatever it takes, I have to know.”
Kuroyukihime had said this to him eight months earlier over a direct
connection in a café near Umesato back when they had just barely
met.
The creator of the program, still shrouded in mystery—this person
had produced the Accelerated World, the Burst Linkers, and Enemies
(Beings) like Metatron. Kuroyukihime and Metatron were both
seeking the same answer from outside and inside the world.
“Did you…find the answer?” Haruyuki hoarsely posed the question to
the infinitely old creature.
Wordlessly, Metatron suddenly grabbed Haruyuki’s right hand. With
her other, she indicated the glittering map of light in the distance
below. And then something mysterious happened.
The countless lights that gave shape to central Tokyo began to
stretch out vertically, silently. As if supported by the lights, now
extremely thin vertical lines, new terrain materialized. One above the
Tokyo he’d first seen and one below.

95

Now he was looking at a triple-layered Tokyo pierced by countless
white pillars. Unable to comprehend the scene before him, he
muttered, dumbfounded, “Three…fields…?”
“Yes. This is the current limit of my perception. This is everything of
the world that it is possible for me to know.”
“Everything…of the world…” Repeating her words, Haruyuki stared
hard. And he soon noticed it.
In the center of the Tokyo that had existed from the start, there were
countless colored lights flickering, in addition to the pillars of
monochrome that were the social cameras. These were Enemies,
dungeons, portals, shops, and the very few Burst Linkers who were
diving in the Unlimited Neutral Field at that very moment. But in the
newly materialized upper and lower Tokyos, there were absolutely
no lights other than those of the social cameras.
Parallel worlds that had the same terrain but not a single human
being, the sort of thing you might see in a science fiction movie. Or
worlds in which all life had been extinguished.
“Once…In the distant past, a great number of lights moved actively
in those two fields as well. No doubt, little warriors such as yourself
and Beings like me fought, talked, and lived in rapport. But those lights
gradually started to decrease…and then at a certain point, they had all
disappeared. I also do not know what happened.”
“There are other fields above and below the Unlimited Neutral Field?
So I guess the lower one’s the normal duel field…There should still be
plenty of Burst Linkers fighting there now, though.”
“No.” Metatron shook her head lightly. “Those two fields are
completely different spaces from the field we belong to. They are laid
upon each other, but there is no way to move between them.”
“Different spaces? What does that mean?” Cocking his head to one
side, Haruyuki opened his eyes wide and gasped. Two different

96

worlds. He was sure he’d heard something like this from someone
else before.
It was when he had that chance meeting with the Green King, Green
Grandé, on the roof of Roppongi Hills Tower. The Green King had
spoken about why he went hunting Enemies by himself and
distributed the points to other kings without any compensation. He
said he couldn’t let this world be closed. Brain Burst—also known as
Trial Number Two—couldn’t be abandoned the same way Numbers
One and Three had been. The names of those already shuttered
worlds were…
“Accel Assault 2038 and…Cosmos Corrupt 2040,” Haruyuki
murmured in a voice that was not quite audible.
Metatron reacted with a brief “Oh? You know those names?”
“Y-yeah. A little while ago, another Burst Linker—what you call a
little warrior—told me.” The Green King’s definitely no “little
warrior,” though, he thought in one corner of his mind.
“Is that so?” The Archangel gave a light nod. “Well then, perhaps
that warrior has also been to the Highest Level. But none of that
matters now. My hypothesis is that the three fields—AA 2038, CC
2040, and BB 2039 in which we live—were all produced for the same
objective.”
“Objective?”
“Think for yourself for once. If you look closely at the three fields,
you should be able to also come to this conclusion.”
“R-right. Um.” Taking his eyes off Metatron’s face in profile, Haruyuki
stared at the three layers of Tokyo.
But no matter how hard he looked, the upper and lower worlds were
essentially completely “closed.” The only point they shared with the
world of Brain Burst was the position of the social cameras. If both
Accel Assault and Cosmos Corrupt were hidden games like Brain

97

Burst—and that was extremely likely given that an obsessed gamer
like Haruyuki hadn’t heard of them—then both had likely produced
duel stages with exactly the same structure.
So did that mean that for however many years in real time, there had
been other Burst Linkers fighting in a different game world from
Haruyuki and his friends in the twenty-three wards of Tokyo? He
supposed they would have been Assault Linkers and Corrupt Linkers
rather than Burst Linkers, but at any rate, for some reason, they had
disappeared. And their memories had most likely been erased when
the program was forcefully uninstalled from their Neurolinkers, so
they had forgotten that they once fought in a hidden battlefield.
To what end? For what purpose had the developer of the three
games given such a cruel sport to children?
Having at some point come to grip Metatron’s hand tightly, Haruyuki
continued to focus on the three layered worlds—or more precisely,
the one world and the two ruins. And then he realized it abruptly.
The biggest commonality in the three worlds. The fact that, in all of
them, the center was wrapped in inky darkness.
“There’s a Castle in Accel Assault and Cosmos Corrupt, too?”
Haruyuki said.
“So you finally noticed it then?” Metatron nodded deeply. “The
name might have been different in the AA and the CC fields, but just as
in our BB field, there exists an isolated space at the center. And in those
two worlds as well, the little warriors apparently had this space as their
final objective. In which case, that itself is the reason for this world
configured in its three layers and why the little warriors and Beings
who fight there were generated.”
The pure-white Archangel raised her right hand up high and let her
cool, clear voice echo through the infinite darkness.

98

“The reason for the existence of this space fusing three worlds—if I
was to follow the example of you little warriors—the Accelerated
World. It is to break into the Castle, a separate world in the center of
this world, and the Shrine of the Eight Divines sunken in its depths
and reach The Fluctuating Light sealed inside. I am confident of this.”
Even after the long reverberations of Metatron’s speech, like a
heavenly proclamation, had disappeared, Haruyuki couldn’t speak.
The Fluctuating Light—TFL. Also known as Youkou, the eta of the
Seven Arcs. This was likely the most powerful Enhanced Armament,
one that every Burst Linker dreamed of getting ahold of—at most, it
was an item within the game, and an assault on the Shrine of the
Eight Divines was also nothing more than an item-obtaining event if
they charged forward on it. Or rather, that was how Haruyuki had
been thinking of it. But Metatron’s words upended his very mind.
TFL itself was the reason that Brain Burst, Accel Assault, and Cosmos
Corrupt existed or had existed. This wasn’t on the scale of a
requirement to clear the game or anything like it. If she was right,
then even level ten was nothing more than a step in that direction.
Because the mysterious developer was unable to remove the seal on
TFL, they had distributed the game program free of charge to
hundreds of children. That was what Metatron was saying.
But there was a large contradiction hidden there. Given that TFL was
an obtainable item in the game, it had to have been the developer
who made it and placed it in the depths of the Castle. The developer
had privileges equivalent to a god, so if they wanted to, they could
have moved it from the Castle or even just made another one. There
was no real need to make Haruyuki and the other players attack the
Castle, was there?
Or was TFL actually fundamentally different from the other six Arcs,
even though it was said to be one of the seven? Not an Enhanced

99

Armament or any other kind of item, but rather…? Right, for
example…
Haruyuki finally remembered. He himself had been thinking the
exact same thing before.
A little over ten days earlier, Haruyuki had charged into the Castle
with Utai and met a strange young samurai avatar in the main
building. Giving his name as Trilead Tetroxide, he had guided
Haruyuki and Utai to the Shrine of the Eight Divines that existed deep
underground in the main building. What he saw there was a golden
light flickering in the distance in the vast darkness. The glow of the
seventh Arc, the Enhanced Armament, The Fluctuating Light.
While he stared at the faintly pulsing light, Haruyuki had been
overcome by the sensation that this wasn’t the first time. When he
was training in the Incarnate System at the former Tokyo Tower in
the Unlimited Neutral Field, as he climbed the wall, free from all
other thought, he’d gotten the feeling that someone was talking to
him from the other side of a flickering light—a light that was the
same color and warmth as TFL.
Someone.
When he was reunited with this light in the depths of the Castle,
Haruyuki felt that it was not an Enhanced Armament, but rather a
mind. But then his Neurolinker had been disconnected from the
global net—and his thoughts cut off. And although he wished he
would get inside the Castle again someday and make good on his
promise to meet Trilead Tetroxide aka Azure Air again, he still had
not managed to do that.
What if what he had felt then was real? That would mean that TFL
was not simply an item designed and placed by the developer, but
rather something cut off from the world, even as it existed in the

100

center of the Accelerated World? Something that could not be
touched even by the hand of the developer—or someone.
“If…,” Haruyuki murmured, staring intently at the ink-black hole that
pierced the center of the triple field, “if someone did manage to
break through the gates of the Four Gods and into the Shrine of the
Eight Divines to touch The Fluctuating Light…What would happen?”
“Do you truly wish to know?”
“Huh?” The unexpected question made him glance at the Archangel.
Her long eyelashes were again lowered, and he couldn’t read what
she was feeling from her aloof beauty—if Enemies (Beings) did
indeed have feelings, that was.
“………”
He paused briefly before nodding deeply. “I do. Even if it’s the end of
the world. I haven’t fought with the Black King this long to stop and
stand still. I want to keep moving forward.”
When he gave voice to this thought, he belatedly realized what it
indicated. If reaching TFL was the reason for the existence of Brain
Burst, then someone doing that might mean they finished the game,
and the Accelerated World would also vanish. If that was to happen,
the time of Haruyuki Arita, who lived in the real world, would
continue to flow as always, but that wasn’t necessarily the case for
Metatron. For her, the end of the game might be the same as death.
Unconsciously, Haruyuki squeezed the hand still in his.
Perhaps picking up his thoughts through the palms of their
touching hands, the Archangel murmured quietly, “I too wish to know.
The meaning of the seventy-one million five hundred ninety-two
thousand three hundred nineteen hours from the time I awoke in this
world until now. Even if…it means the extinction of my existence in
exchange.”

101

“…Metatron…” Haruyuki could do nothing more than say her name
in a strained voice.
The Accelerated World had been born in 2039. Eight years had
passed since. That alone felt like a very long time to Haruyuki, but
living in the Accelerated World as she did, Metatron had passed
through a thousand times that time—eight thousand years. A year
was about 8,760 hours, so eight thousand times that was just as
Metatron said, a little over 70 million hours. A length of time that
was basically equivalent to eternity.
Dropping his eyes down to the triple galaxy glittering silently below,
he gave voice to the words that rose up from the depths of his heart.
“Um, so I promised to be your servant for a thousand years, right?
So…I wish you wouldn’t disappear before I can keep that promise…I
guess…”
“…You say such foolish things, as always. You haven’t even broken
through the outer gates of the Castle yet; you won’t be able to conquer
the Shrine of the Eight Divines in a mere thousand years. I do not need
you to tell me that you will be serving me for a thousand years.” After
this cold utterance, Metatron softened her tone the slightest bit.
“However, earlier, you submitted what I requested. Thus, I shall also
make my gift.”
“Huh?” What was she going to give him? Haruyuki felt the stirrings of
a worldly desire, while Metatron led his gaze downward.
“The technique to defeat that pseudo-Being.”
These words instantly brought him back to reality, and he
unconsciously stiffened his shoulders. It wasn’t as though he’d
forgotten, but the actual body of Silver Crow frozen in the sky above
the Minato Ward Area of the Unlimited Neutral Field was about to
take a direct hit from the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II’s nihilistic
laser. It seemed that time was essentially stopped here in the

102

Highest Level, but a half second after he returned to what Metatron
called the Mean Level, the jet-black great lance would slam into him.
“It’s not that I don’t trust you, but…in that situation, how…?” he
asked timidly.
“That is truly a disgusting and abominable object, but the amount
of empty energy it contains is so great that even I am barely able to
measure it,” Metatron replied, sounding slightly sterner. “If you err in
your response, you will be instantly disassembled along with your
armor.”
“D-disassembled…How can I not be…?”
“You must destroy it with a force of the opposite affiliation, of
course. The void attack launched by the pseudo-Being and the body
itself below that.”
“Opposite…affiliation…”
In the Accelerated World, the nihilistic (dark) affiliation was paired
with the light affiliation. And Haruyuki had the long-distance, light
Incarnate technique, Light Javelin. But he was still developing that, so
it took a while to activate, and the precision of the sight was still soft.
And more than anything else, it unfortunately did not have the
power nor the range to pierce the body in the distance on top of
erasing the nihilistic laser fired from Mark II’s main guns.
“Um. I don’t want to give up before I’ve even started, but with the
techniques I have now, that kind of power— To start with, I don’t
think I could even fire before I took that direct hit…,” Haruyuki
admitted quietly, hanging his head, and his hand, still caught in
Metatron’s, was squeezed with a merciless force. He didn’t have a
health gauge on the Highest Level, so he assumed he wasn’t taking
damage, but even so, he reflexively cried out in pain. “Ow-ow-owow!”

103

The mighty Archangel arched her beautiful eyebrows above stillclosed eyelids and snapped, “Listen to me. You are the servant of one
of the Four Saints, so refrain from such fainthearted words and deeds.
I say it is possible, so it is indeed possible!”
“O-okay.”
This is like getting chewed out by Kuroyukihime now. He gave himself
over to these sorts of feelings, now at this late stage, while Metatron
tugged on his hand again and turned them ninety degrees to the
right. At the same time, she shifted her own position to face him
once again.
Then she wordlessly turned her right palm out and offered it to him,
so Haruyuki also nervously brought his left up to press on the slender
hand. Their palms were now connected, but Metatron stayed
ensconced in silence. If this were folk-dancing practice in gym class,
this is when “Turkey in the Straw” would have played, but of course,
the dark world remained replete with silence.
After nearly ten seconds had passed in Haruyuki’s subjective time,
Metatron finally spoke. “I am aware that you currently do not have the
power to destroy that pseudo-Being. And the power of the wings I have
lent you, Ektenia, also cannot pierce that dense void. That technique
was originally one for broad-range annihilation that my first form
releases simultaneously from my many wings.”
“R-right. But it was plenty strong. It’s helped me out a bunch of
times. Tha—”
“I’m telling you it is not that impressive!” the eight-thousand-yearold Legend-class Enemy Haruyuki told him indignantly, then paused
briefly before continuing. “I am in rapport with you now through my
wings. My actual self in the Mean Level has already returned to the
deepest stratum of my domain, so I am not able to come to your
battleground. But there exists a means of manifesting my power
through your body.”

104

“Through me…Your power?”
“This is now the only way to pierce that nothingness and destroy
the enemy.”
Metatron’s speech made Haruyuki remember once more the days he
had passed at the old Tokyo Tower. Still holding her hand, he pulled
his head back and asked timidly, “Um, are we maybe going to do
some kind of training here or something?”
“I suppose we might, if you so desire. However, if we stay too long
in this Highest Level, it will become difficult to return to the lower level.
In fact, three thousand years or so ago, I lost sight of the way back and
had some bit of trouble myself.”
“S-so no training then! …But then what exactly is this way?” Haruyuki
cocked his head to one side, and before his eyes, the Archangel
threw her slender body back and unfurled her double wings.
“Listen to me, little warrior. On the Highest Level, the concept of
‘distance’ is meaningless. Thus, it is possible for us two to touch like
this, despite the fact that we are far apart on the Mean Level; for us to
have this overview of all three fields; and to even reference memories.
But there still exists a definite ‘gap’ between you and me. That is the
movement of the mind to protect and maintain the very existence of
our selves…This is the most primordial energy of what you little ones
call the Incarnate System.”
“The Incarnate…source…” Although what Metatron was saying was
difficult, he also felt like he understood it instinctively.
A firmly focused imagination overwrote phenomena. That was the
basic gist of the Incarnate System. But most likely, the majority of
Burst Linkers were always imagining something without realizing it
themselves: a wall to protect their own heart. A hard shell built up
around the soft, easily hurt soul…The duel avatar was produced with
mental scars as the mold. Put another way, it was the armor Burst
Linkers produced and wrapped around themselves—a weapon.

105

Haruyuki had thought the Brain Burst program created the duel
avatars. That the night of the day you installed the program, it called
up the trauma in your heart in the form of a nightmare and went
ahead and designed your avatar from that image. But that might not
actually have been the case. Maybe the Burst Linkers themselves
strongly imagined a presence in the dream that would protect them
and made that incarnate.
In which case, the duel avatar–birth process was the Incarnate
System itself. Every Burst Linker used Incarnate in the first moment
of becoming a Burst Linker. Those wishing for power in their own
hands were blue types; those wishing for power to reach the
distance were red types. Those wishing for the power to protect
themselves and their comrades were green types; while those who
desperately wanted not power, but a hard shell, were metal colors.
And forever after that, without being aware of it, they all worked to
maintain the form of their duel avatars with the power of Incarnate.
“Metatron.” Haruyuki looked at the beautiful angel whose hands
were connected with his own. “You said you can hear the sound of
the Incarnate System, right? So then…the sound of me protecting my
heart is probably…super-earsplitting?”
“Why would you think that?”
“…I’m one of the few metal colors in the Accelerated World—I have
metal armor. And that’s proof I want to protect my heart much more
strongly than other people. That I don’t want to defeat enemies or
save my comrades…I just want to wrap my own self up in a hard
shell. There’s no way this sound of mine isn’t despicable.”
Haruyuki thought she would definitely get mad at him over this
excessively self-deprecating line. But the Archangel replied without
changing her tone or expression.
“I do not feel the individual differences between you little warriors
as beautiful or despicable or any such thing. At any rate, I cannot go

106

against my orders to destroy you while I am in my first form, so it is
pointless to wonder how I feel.”
“…Oh…”
“However, I am able to decide whether I like or dislike all things,
including you little ones. For instance, the other Four Saints are
precious, and I do not care for the Four Gods of the Castle. I like the
Twilight stage, but I despise the Hell stage. I can state that the pseudoBeing you are fighting is repulsive, and I believe that the next time I
encounter the little warrior who twisted the power of the jeweled
crown, The Luminary, that they stole from my domain and then dared
to go so far as make me their guard dog after using it on me, I will
spend approximately three thousand years evaporating them.”
Y-you will…huh? Haruyuki thought in a corner of his mind,
shuddering. The silver crown that had restrained Metatron’s first
form and the knight Enemy he had seen in the Society’s
headquarters…That was apparently the effect of The Luminary, one
of the Seven Arcs. Which meant The Luminary, said to be missing,
was actually in the hands of the Society?
This bit of information nagged at him still, but right now he needed
to focus on Mark II. Staring at Metatron’s face, he asked again, “So
then…What’s my sound…?”
Metatron kept her mouth closed for a while, but then finally spoke in
a slightly quieter voice. “At the very least, I do not enjoy this
question.”
“I-I’m sorry. You don’t have to answer—”
“You must be able to discern it without asking such tiresome
questions. Why would I make one who emitted an unpleasant noise
my servant for a thousand years?”
“I-I’m really sorry. Wait. So then, what—?”

107

“Aah, really! Do you actually have such leeway as to make this kind
of conversation with me?! I only just explained to you the damage from
staying too long in the Highest Level!”
“R-right, you did.”
What were we talking about again? After thinking a second, he
finally remembered. Metatron was talking about the gap between
them. The mental wall everyone generated deep in their unconscious
mind. This was, in other words… “Um. So then…Is what’s separating
you and me the armor of this duel avatar itself?”
“Aye. Essentially, there is no need for armor or swords in this
Highest Level. Because nothing can hurt you here. However, you have
produced this same figure as on the Mean Level. As long as you have
this awareness, I will not be able to share my own power with you.”
“B-but I mean, how am I supposed to…?” Haruyuki had already being
fighting as Silver Crow for eight months. This figure was the most
natural form to take while he was in the Accelerated World.
Metatron said it was a manifestation of the mind to try to protect
himself, but he had absolutely no awareness of this. “A-and I mean,
you—you look the same as when we were in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, though. It’s not like I’m the only one creating this gap…,”
Haruyuki started muttering.
Metatron’s brow furrowed into a deep valley, a meter before him.
But fortunately, the Archangel did not reprimand him. Instead, she
hung her head and said half to herself, “It is indeed just as you say.
There is something in me that could be called pride or boastfulness as
a Saint, and it is that which is producing this form. But the time has
come now to discard such shells. When I loaned you my wings, I made
the choice to end a long stagnation.”
Metatron turned her face up, eyes still closed. Following her lead,
Haruyuki also turned his face up. He couldn’t find a speck of light in

108

the jet-black canopy. No; he wasn’t even sure if the sky was there or
not. An endless spiritual darkness.
In a certain sense, the infinite sky was equivalent to a tough prison.
Because either way, the fact that he couldn’t go anywhere was the
same. And eternal time was equal to one second on a loop. The end
was definitely not coming.
When he had awakened his flight ability and soared through the air
of the duel stage for the first time, Haruyuki had felt it. That this
world was infinite. But the Purgatory stage of Suginami Area No. 2
that had seemed so endlessly vast then was nothing more than the
single smallest section of the Accelerated World. Above it were the
Unlimited Neutral Field and the Highest Level, with its three
overlapping worlds. Metatron had been held prisoner in an infinite
and eternal prison, all without knowing why she had been born or
the purpose of her fight.
Abruptly, a pillar of golden light rose vertically in front of him.
Turning his gaze back, he found that the beautiful robe wrapped
around Metatron was in the process of soundlessly vanishing. As the
hem and sleeves melted into particles of light, the smooth lines of
her body were revealed.
If this had been the Haruyuki of only a little while ago, he might have
yanked his hand out of hers. But now, he only felt a sadness that
pressed heavy on his chest.
A Legend-class Enemy with absolute power on par with the Four
Gods of the Castle. The polar opposite of mere level-five Haruyuki in
every way. But there was one thing they shared: The desire to see
the edge of the Accelerated World. The desire to fly faster, farther,
ever forward.
He didn’t need armor anymore, if that was all he wanted. He broke
the shell that protected his soul and took a step toward her. He

109

would allow the heart of a precious friend who shared the same
dream to touch his own.
Silver light gently danced up from his body as well. The particles that
made up Silver Crow’s armor were melting away. The naked body of
his slender avatar was revealed, and then it further transformed into
the real-world Haruyuki. The light rising up from their two bodies
passed through their firmly linked arms and touched in their palms.
Instantly, the circle this made flashed brightly and illuminated the
infinite darkness with a ring of light.
Metatron slowly raised her eyelids and opened them completely for
the first time. The golden eyes caught Haruyuki’s squarely, and the
jet-black was painted over in a snowy white. Their two bodies melted
into light, and just like when he first came to this Highest Level, his
sense of sight and hearing and all other sensations disappeared and
were lost. But Haruyuki felt it: another heart beating very close to his
own.
The two hearts drew near each other. And touched.
Haruyuki couldn’t have known this, but in that instant, a change
occurred inside the device called the Brain Burst central server—the
Main Visualizer. The Brain Burst program raised the clock on the light
quantum circuits inside that brain—the true matter of
consciousness—and realized a thought speed of one thousand times
faster. But this explanation was not the entire truth. Being
accelerated was an intracerebral circuit interface that accepted a
connection with the Main Visualizer via the Neurolinker. This
communication was carried out not through the general-use global
net, but rather through the nonpublic, super-high-speed, and highcapacity social camera net. And from accelerated Burst Linkers
thought to be using their own dedicated quantum circuit within the
Main Visualizer.

110

Right now, the quantum circuit with the name Metatron—one of the
lights shining especially brightly in the galaxy Haruyuki once saw in
“Takumu’s dream”—and Haruyuki’s own dedicated quantum circuit
were connected in a new network. This phenomenon resembled the
parallel processing that happened with the ISS kit main body and the
kit users, but the nature of it was very different.
In contrast with the ISS kits, which used only negative emotion as the
intermediary, the Metatron-Haruyuki network allowed the
transmission of every kind of data. Not only thoughts and feelings,
but also the power to fight…And even life itself.
In the pure-white light, Haruyuki heard it.
“Now, let us return to the Mean Level. It is time to fight our enemy.”
B-but…
“It’s all right. Stand and face it unafraid. Silver Crow…I am with
you.”
Okay. Thanks, Metatron. I’ll fight. For my friends. For myself. And
for you.
Time started to flow once more.

111

112

Graaang! A roaring pressure wave hit Haruyuki from all directions.
Color was returning to the world: the twilight sky spreading out
without edge; the white buildings of the town below, crimson and
violet; the shadow of the crater gouged out of the earth; the crimson
avatar he held tightly in his arms.
And the ink-black lance charging from below to swallow the two up.
He didn’t even have the time to think about the lance, much less
dodge it. Haruyuki pulled Niko tightly to him with one hand as he
stretched the other out, five fingers splayed.
And then the mass of nihilistic energy reached Silver Crow’s right
hand. If this had been before the shift to the Highest Level, Haruyuki
and Niko would have been instantly vaporized. But just as the dark
laser was on the verge of touching his palm, it stopped, sparks like
lightning shooting off in every direction. It swelled up into a massive
sphere and then flipped around. It shrank to a diameter of a mere
thirty centimeters, but the energy it contained was not diminished.
The incredibly dense ball of nothingness warped the surrounding sky
and made his avatar’s armor squeal.
It’s going to explode!
Clutching the still-unconscious Niko to his chest, Haruyuki gritted his
teeth. The fact that he was able to stop the laser with one hand was
probably because the strength of his armor had been boosted up to
the same level as Metatron’s main body. But the nihilistic attack of
Mark II’s main armaments brought about a massive explosion when
it made a direct hit and annihilated everything within the effective
range—a diameter of 150 meters across. No matter how much
stronger his armor was now, his health gauge had been cut down to
a mere 5 percent. He highly doubted this would take him through to

113

the other side of an explosion with enough energy to instantly erase
the indestructible school building.
But then.
It’s all right. I will protect you.
An imposing, powerful voice echoed in his mind, just like the first
time he’d had contact with Metatron.
Instantly, his health gauge was completely recovered, all the way to
the right edge. And more than that: Six additional gauges appeared
below it. If this was the number of gauges of Metatron’s second
form, then she had an overwhelming endurance, surpassing even
that of the five bars of Suzaku.
When Haruyuki shifted to hold Scarlet Rain more securely, the wings
on his back—all three sets—wrapped tightly around them both. And
then the negative Incarnate energy—collapsed to the extreme, a
black hole—exploded at zero range.
All light and sound was lost. But the darkness that swallowed
Haruyuki was the polar opposite of the silence of the Highest Level—
a muddled hatred. This will itself, trying to destroy anything and
everything, turned into a torrent of particles to assault his avatar.
Tossed about like a small bird in a raging storm, Haruyuki desperately
kept his body curled up and tried to protect both Niko and himself.
The armor he’d gained from Metatron’s divine protection just barely
withstood the raging dark energy, but it could not prevent the
nihilistic damage permeating deep down to the naked body of the
avatar inside. The seven-tiered health gauge began to drop with
relentless ferocity.
At the same time, Haruyuki was assaulted by a fierce pain, like he
was being pierced by hundreds of needles of ice, and he gritted his
teeth as hard as he could. He earnestly suppressed the cries that
rose up in his throat; after all, Metatron was probably feeling the

114

same pain. Even if she was an Enemy of the highest order, praised as
one of the Four Saints, at a glance, she was a serene lady, and if
Metatron could withstand this, then Haruyuki couldn’t exactly sit
here screaming.
In seconds, the seventh tier of his health gauge was drained, quickly
followed by the sixth and the fifth. The force started to slow with the
fourth tier, and then finally stopped at nearly carving away the third.
The pain radiating through him gradually weakened and eventually
faded away entirely. It seemed that Niko, in his arms, was also
somehow safe.
In the steadily fading darkness, Haruyuki let out the breath he’d been
holding in a long sigh. “That was close…I can’t believe it took five
tiers of the gauge…”
“If I were the one fighting,” the Archangel’s voice replied
immediately in his mind, “I wouldn’t have taken a direct hit to start
with.”
“I—I guess not. But now that we’ve made it through the laser, we’re
good. He can’t fire again for another sixty seconds, so we’ll settle this
before—”
“Ascend!!” Metatron’s sharp voice shouted.
Reflexively, Haruyuki tried to shoot upward. But unfortunately, all his
wings were wrapped around his body to protect Niko. He started to
move a breath too late.
An enormous shadow plunged through the scattering darkness and
appeared directly above him to charge at him with terrifying speed.
The Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II. But they were five hundred
meters off the ground.
It flew?! How?! It doesn’t have the power of flight!! Haruyuki’s shock
turned to fear the instant he saw the inky flames gushing from the
back of the massive body.

115

The basis for Mark II was the four Enhanced Armaments he’d stolen
from the Red King. The center was the cockpit. Arms equipped with
laser guns. Legs to support the super-massive weight. And the
thruster blocks on its back.
Just as her nickname, Immobile Fortress, indicated, Niko stubbornly
refused to move while Invincible was deployed. But it wasn’t that she
couldn’t move. She didn’t have the same mobility as in Dreadnought
mode, but if she went full throttle with her thrusters in Invincible
mode, she could make the enormous steel bulk charge for a short
time.
Mark II should have dropped back to the earth after Haruyuki’s Light
Speed pulled it up into the heavens, but now it was clear that it had
boosted the propulsive force of the thrusters with Incarnate energy
and flown. Was this another technique it had developed on the fly?
Finally spreading his wings, Haruyuki tried to thrust away the
incoming giant, but he was slow to gain speed. Although he’d had no
choice, because he’d used his wings as armor, they had been
minutely scratched by particles of darkness.
Directly below, Mark II’s massive arm drew near. Was it trying to
grab him again? But its talons were clenched shut. If it was just a
simple punch, then it couldn’t break Haruyuki’s armor the way he
was now. Take it with his feet and use the reaction to ascend—
Zwannng! The heavy vibration echoed through the air, and a jetblack aura cloaked the steely fist. The other ISS kit Incarnate
technique, Dark Blow. Its power would far surpass even the earlier
Dark Shot.
“No! Evade!!” Metatron shouted.
“Nngh……!!”
Haruyuki flapped his injured wings with every ounce of strength he
had. But the massive ball of darkness emitted a powerful gravity and

116

tried to pull him back toward it. If he took a direct hit, he would
inevitably be knocked out of existence, under the divine protection
of an Archangel or not.
Beyond the shutter protecting Mark II’s lone eye, a light shone
reddish-black, mixed with every possible negative emotion. Haruyuki
heard a faint moaning.
Deelooroo…Rip. Crush. Erase. Smash. Break. Break. Break-breakbreak-break-break-break.
A moaning that sounded like a curse.
I will not allow it. A bracing voice cut through the unearthly chant.
Silver Crow is my companion of a thousand years. I will not allow such
an abominable power to break him!
Haruyuki turned his palm toward the inky vortex charging him and
unconsciously added his own voice to Metatron’s powerful cry.
““Trisagion!!””
The six wings on his back caught the eternal twilight and flashed
brilliantly as a pure-white beam gushed from his palm.
Darkness and light collided, and the color disappeared from the
world once more. Above the border where the two opposing affinity
energies fought against each other: white. Below: black. In this world
of extreme monochrome, Haruyuki felt one thing very keenly.
Metatron was converting her very existence into energy. As proof of
this, even though Haruyuki himself was not taking any damage, the
remaining two tiers of his health gauge were dropping before his
eyes. She had to do this to produce a light powerful enough to
counteract Mark II’s Dark Blow.
After Metatron had been moved from her dungeon, her
superpowerful laser attack, Trisagion, had turned Midtown Tower

117

into an impenetrable fortress. The source of that energy was the
light of the sun absorbed through her wings. But in contrast with the
wings of Metatron’s first form, a massive body that covered the sky,
the Metatron Wings on Haruyuki’s back had been shrunk to match
his avatar’s size. Metatron was supplying the missing energy by
transforming her own self into light.
No, Metatron! You’ll disappear!! Haruyuki prayed, lost to himself.
But the laser emitted from his right hand actually grew brighter. The
border between light and dark was steadily pushed downward.
But abruptly, he heard a calm voice in his mind.
“This is acceptable. The time since I encountered you at that tower
where I was bound has been so fruitful as to be incomparable with
the rest of my eight thousand years of life.
“I have spoken with you at length; seen much; learned much. And I
realized something very precious. Or perhaps something more
important than the reason this world exists.”
Metatron’s voice was fading bit by bit into transparency.
“What did you realize?” Haruyuki asked, desperately trying to
maintain their connection.
“Given who you are, perhaps you realized this long ago,” the voice
replied lightly with a hint of laughter. “It’s…the fact that you little
warriors and we Beings are exactly the same in nature. Only the
vessel differs…We are souls who think the same way, suffer the same
way, and seek the same way.”
Metatron’s answer brought a sudden surge of tears to his eyes. In his
blurred field of view, his health gauge continued to drop relentlessly.
The last tier was cut in half, into the yellow. Finally, red. When it
returned to Haruyuki’s original 5 percent, Metatron would disappear.

118

“That’s…,” Haruyuki murmured as particles of light touched the bare
cheeks of his avatar beneath his cracked goggles. Well, of course we
are. I mean, you and me, we met, we talked, we made a promise…We
said we’d see the end of the world together. We’d break into the
Castle together, charge the Shrine of the Eight Divines, and touch The
Fluctuating Light.
So…you can’t. You can’t disappear now. You can’t say such weak
stuff. It’s no big deal for me to die once at least in this world. I can just
come back to life after sixty minutes. So…So…
The remainder in his health gauge dropped from 20 percent to 10.
Almost like a ribbon unraveling, the connection with Metatron was
slipping away. The warmth that had been right beside his heart ever
since he’d been given the Metatron Wings receded.
Then, a faint voice came to him from the distance.
“This is enough. If it is to strike a blow against your enemy…and the
enemy of this world, then I regret nothing.”
“But…But we promised, didn’t we?!” he pleaded. “Together,
we’d…Together…”
“My servant…must not cry.
“I know you will reach it someday.
“The end of this Accelerated World we live in…
“This…Accel World.”
The depletion of his gauge stopped with 5 percent remaining. At the
same time, the light of Trisagion flashed powerfully bright and shot
through the border with the darkness.
“Unh…Aah…Aaaaaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki cried out, overwhelmed by
loss, now that his bond with Metatron was completely severed.

119

The laser rapidly weakened, and the light and darkness broke up into
pieces and disappeared. From the other side of that boundary, he
saw Mark II, its right arm snapped off. Still clutching Niko to him,
Haruyuki clenched his right hand into a fist, and a silver light welled
up in it. Six wings roared from his back.
Badly injured, Mark II started to drop to earth, now that its thrusters
had cut out, and Haruyuki chased after it.
“Deel…roo-rooo-aah!!” With an angry howl, Mark II reached out its
remaining hand. Perhaps intending to grab hold of him again, the
sinister claws strained, wide open.
But Haruyuki accelerated harder and slammed his fist directly into
the center of the massive hand. The three talons were ripped off
from the base, and the remaining wrist area jetted black flames and
exploded.
Not yet. Fasterrrrrrr!
“Unnh…Aaaaaaaaaaaah!!” Adding his own roar to the mix, Haruyuki
became a dazzling-white shooting star and plunged into the giant’s
head. His fist struck the shutter armor protecting the single eye.
Cracks radiated outward in the six armored flaps, but they failed to
shatter and managed to repel his fist.
“Roo-roo-roo-dee-aaaaaah!!” Mark II fell to the ground four hundred
meters below, taking Haruyuki along for the ride as it brandished its
left arm with a battle cry full of hatred. It might have been missing
everything past the wrist, but if that trunk of an arm made direct
contact with Haruyuki, his health gauge and its remaining 5 percent
would be knocked out of existence.
He’d concentrated all his energy in his fist and his wings; he could no
longer evade or defend. His sole thought to punch all the way
through, he flew in earnest. The armor of the lone eye stubbornly

120

endured, even as the fissures across it doubled, then tripled. From
above, the giant cudgel of an arm thundered downward.
“I won’t…let you!” Niko shouted, still in Haruyuki’s arm.
Having apparently regained consciousness at some point, the small
crimson avatar leapt out and slammed her battered and beaten body
into Mark II’s left arm. Shedding chunks of armor, she fired one
gunshot after another into the damaged landscape of the wrist
where the talons had been. A series of small explosions went off
inside the arm, and it stopped moving.
“I’ll hold back the arm!” Niko looked back, her eye lenses shining
with a powerful light. “Crow! You…finish this!!”
“……!!”
Haruyuki clenched his hand tightly, as hard as he could.
Metatron had burned up her very essence when she activated
Trisagion. Niko was risking her tiny, beaten body to protect him. Pard
had launched a suicide attack with Bloodshed Cannon to rescue him
and Niko when they were captive in Mark II’s hands. And Takumu
and Chiyuri were waiting on the ground, trusting in Haruyuki’s
victory. Fuko, Utai, Akira, and Kuroyukihime were also working hard
at that moment, racing to this battleground.
And it wasn’t just his comrades. Ash Roller/Rin Kusakabe—enduring
the suffering brought about by the ISS kit in the nurse’s office in the
real world. Magenta Scissor and Avocado Avoider, who’d had
Haruyuki’s back in the battle with Metatron’s first form. Chocolat
Puppeteer of the Legion Petit Paquet, who’d fought Magenta’s
troops with him. Trilead Tetroxide, who had helped him escape from
the Castle. Chrome Falcon and Saffron Blossom—and the Beast—
who shared with him the sadness produced by the Armor of
Catastrophe.

121

The many Burst Linkers who had crossed fists with Haruyuki up to
that point. Reina Izeki from the Animal Care Club, who wasn’t a Burst
Linker, but who nonetheless taught him a good many things about
mirrors. The northern white-faced owl, Hoo, who gave him the
courage to fly. And his destined rival, Wolfram Cerberus, imprisoned
in the massive armor before his eyes. These connections with
many—so very many—people had guided Haruyuki and given him
strength.
The red light that had transformed Niko’s Enhanced Armament and
wiped out Cerberus III/Dusk Taker’s self was probably the negative
Incarnate energy accumulated in the ISS kit main body. The energy
alone had been sent from the main body hidden away in Midtown
Tower to the Acceleration Research Society headquarters and was
now lodged in the armor. Which meant that the single eye before
Haruyuki—the fiercely flashing reddish-black light in the darkness
inside—was a mass of Incarnate extracted from all those who had
been parasitized by the ISS kit. It was only natural, then, that Mark
II’s Dark Shot and Dark Blow had such incredible power. They used
the anger and hatred, the utter despair, of dozens of people as their
energy source.
But. What power do my fists, my wings contain now?
“More than yours, tens of times…hundreds, thousands of times!”
Jets of silver aura gushed from his fist to envelop his body and turn
him into a pillar of flames from his six wings. “Strong…gerrrrrrrrrr!!”
The shutter armor protecting the lone eye of the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II, shattered into pieces.
The instant Haruyuki’s fist plunged into the inky hole, a concentric
shock wave spread out, rippling in all directions. A pillar of white light
soared up in the center, connecting heaven and earth.

122

Having completely smashed Mark II’s head, Haruyuki continued to
chase the giant, now motionless and still falling, and plunged toward
the earth at an incredible speed. He no longer had the extra power
to decelerate, much less land. If he made another crater in the
center of the initial crater, his health gauge would be totally emptied
at the same time, and he’d die—a calculation he made in less than a
millisecond.
But when he was at fifty meters above the ground, the Metatron
Wings on his back automatically generated a reverse thrust. Still, his
speed didn’t really drop, but now that Haruyuki had recovered a bit
of his strength and had a little room to breathe, he worked hard to
shift his body while using his original metal wings to decelerate. He
just barely succeeded in landing on both feet.

123

124

Unable to entirely absorb the impact, his health gauge was carved
away another percent or so. But he was still alive. Almost as if to
confirm his survival, the four upper wings vibrated slightly. But when
he looked over his shoulder, he was back to his original pair of wings.
The other four had soundlessly turned to light and scattered.
In the left of his vision, a system message modestly scrolled by,
informing him that the Enhanced Armament, Metatron Wings, had
been unequipped. The wings had also left Haruyuki, now that their
original owner was gone. A sharp, sad pain pierced his chest, and he
fought the urge to sink to his knees.
But he still had work to do.
“Niko!” Haruyuki called hoarsely, looking to the sky.
He first saw the massive body of Mark II falling to the ground, arms
and legs limp. Its head was completely gone, and black noxious gas
seeped from the cracks in its shattered armor like oily smoke. Its
right arm had been destroyed by Trisagion and was missing from the
shoulder, but the majority of its left arm was still in good shape, and
Haruyuki spotted a red light of reflection at its end.
“Niko!” he yelled. “You have to jump!!”
Fortunately, his voice seemed to reach her; the crimson light pulled
away from the giant’s bulk. Haruyuki turned toward the southern
side of the crater where the little avatar would land and ran
frantically on weak legs. Given that Niko’s health gauge may or may
not have had 10 percent left in it, even if she managed to avoid
getting dragged into Mark II’s plunge into the earth, she’d die if she
fell from that height.
He didn’t have the strength to fly anymore, so he was staggering
forward on foot when a shadow overtook him. A deep-red, leopardtype avatar—Blood Leopard. She, too, was severely injured after her
special attack, Bloodshed Cannon, but when she reached the point of

125

Niko’s descent a few seconds before Haruyuki, she jumped up and
caught the red avatar on her back.
She very nearly fell over when she landed, and Haruyuki, finally
reaching her side, held her up with one hand. He caught Niko with
the other and sank to his knees with a clank.
“…Thanks, Pard…Ya did it, Crow. ’Mazing…Sendin’ that sucker
flyin’…”
He heard a murmur in his ear, and Haruyuki managed a pained smile.
“It’s ’cause you saved me, Niko. Thanks.”
An enormous sense of loss still ruled his heart. Archangel Metatron
had given Haruyuki wings, become an icon and guided him through
enemy territory, shown him to the Highest Level and given him a
glimpse of the true form of the Accelerated World, and in the end,
had transformed her very essence into light to strike down an
enormously powerful enemy. And now she was gone. He couldn’t
actually believe it. His tears threatened to spill out once more, but he
gritted his teeth beneath his cracked mirrored goggles and held them
back. He wasn’t allowed to cry just yet. Still holding Niko, he
staggered to his feet and looked back.
The massive bulk of Mark II was just about to hit the ground. The
reddish-black iron giant crashed back-first into the center of the
crater it had made, and floods of miasmic vapors jetted from its
joints and the openings where its head and left arm had been.
Haruyuki assumed the dull black smoke was Incarnate energy
rendered visible, but the true nature of the “darkness” that lived in
Mark II remained inside the massive body. Similarly to Mark I’s Beast,
something was possessing the Enhanced Armament itself, systemwise; so as long as the armor existed, the darkness would also linger.
There was only one way to make it disappear.
“Haruuuuuu!!”

126

Incredibly, he heard a voice shouting from behind…followed by the
sound of two pairs of feet. Turning once more, he saw Lime Bell and
Cyan Pile running toward them from the crater’s southern edge. He
waved to signal them and responded with what voice he could
muster. “Chiyu! Taku! Over here!”
Chiyuri waved back, and a few seconds later, she was standing next
to Haruyuki and the others. She sighed heavily. “Sorry we’re late. We
had a hard time finding any buildings I could break…”
“It’s okay. The fight…just ended,” he replied reassuringly, barely able
to keep the tremors from his voice. He turned back to the center of
the crater.
The five stared silently for a time at the giant in its death throes. The
gas seemed to be nearly exhausted; only a thin trail of smoke rose
from the head area. Somehow, the armor seemed smaller now. The
limbs were wriggling helplessly, but even this movement gradually
grew sluggish.
“If you would, Chiyu,” Haruyuki said.
The Watch Witch, Lime Bell, nodded deeply and took a few steps
forward. She brandished the Choir Chime of her left arm. When she
waved it in two large counterclockwise circles, something that
sounded reminiscent of the chime of a school bell filled the crater.
“Citron Caaaaallllll!!” She brought down the large bell, and a yellowgreen light spilled out and enveloped the giant on the ground.
The last time, Mark II had changed into Dreadnought mode and
shaken off Citron Call with its mobility. But it looked like it no longer
had the power now to stand up, much less transform. Even when the
light hit it, it only twisted slightly, not enough to escape.
Seven seconds, eight, nine…Ten seconds.

127

The light blanketing Mark II grew dazzlingly bright. The arms and the
nihilistic lasers that had so tortured Haruyuki and his friends—or to
be precise, the forearm of the remaining left arm—melted into an
infinity of glittering lights and vanished.
At the same time, a light of the same color wrapped around Niko,
still in Haruyuki’s arms. Citron Call’s power to go back in time had
returned the main armament of Invincible to its original owner. And
ten seconds after that, Mark II’s legs vanished. All that remained
were the streamlined cockpit and the thruster block on its back.
With her right hand on the large bell of her left and her thin legs
firmly braced, Lime Bell continued to make the fresh green light flow.
Looking at the small, reliable back of his childhood friend, Haruyuki
had a sudden thought in the bottom of his heart. Would they be able
to rewind the extinction of Metatron with Citron Call? In a certain
sense, Metatron had possessed Haruyuki, so if they rewound
Haruyuki’s status, then maybe…
Mark II’s massive body flashed brightly a third time, and the torso
that made him think of a type of shelled creature disappeared. The
cockpit block had returned to Niko. And then there was a sharp
metallic sound. Kashak!
Haruyuki gasped, his eyes still on the center of the crater. There was
a slender avatar with gray metal armor lying on the ground. Wolfram
Cerberus. A duel genius, toyed with by an unfortunate fate.
Haruyuki’s rival and dear friend.
There was no doubt that the sharply edged design and the extremely
hard armor texture were Cerberus, but four protrusions almost like
wings stretched out from his back. The thruster block for high-speed
movement, the last Enhanced Armament that Cerberus III/the Nomi
copy had taken from Niko, had shrunk to match the size of
Cerberus’s body.

128

The light of Citron Call continued to firmly hold Cerberus. In another
few seconds, the thruster would also be returned to Niko, and the
Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II, would be completely eliminated.
Haruyuki—and probably the other four, too—believed this. But none
could have predicted what happened next.
Still unconscious on the ground, Wolfram Cerberus abruptly
vanished, almost as though he’d been an immaterial projection.
“What?!” Chiyuri cried out, whirling her head around.
Haruyuki also looked around the crater, dumbfounded, but there
was no sign of Cerberus anywhere.
He’d been lying prone on the ground. It was absolutely impossible
for him to have run away so quickly that the five of them hadn’t seen
him. Haruyuki could only assume he’d vanished from the field
without warning.
Having lost its target, the light of Citron Call quickly weakened, and
as it faded completely, Niko, still in Haruyuki’s arms, clicked her
tongue.
“Tch! Is that it? They got us!!”
“Huh? Got us? What?” he asked hurriedly in response.
“Them…” The Red King clenched her injured hand ruefully. “They cut
off Wolfram Cerberus’s connection from the real world. The way he
disappeared, that’s the only thing possible.”
“O-of course!” Takumu groaned. “I thought Black Vise and Argon
Array were a little too happy to walk away…I never dreamed they’d
use a trick like this.”
“Nngh.” Staring at the fissure in the center of the crater, Haruyuki
clenched his teeth in simultaneous shock and understanding. He’d
thought from the way Argon Array talked that she might be able to
interfere with Cerberus in the real, too. But not that she would

129

activate a forced disconnect without the least hesitation. And he was
sure it hadn’t been to help Cerberus.
Here, his surprise finally changed to worry, and he hurried to ask
Takumu, “S-so then, Taku, what about the last piece of Niko’s
Enhanced Armament?!”
It wasn’t Takumu who answered him, but Niko herself. “If he’s
vanished from the Unlimited Neutral Field, there’s nothing we can do
about it. Guess I’ll just have to leave the thruster with him for the
time being.”
“B-but—!”
“No way around it. Let’s just be glad we got the cockpit, main
armament, and legs back. And he didn’t get the missile pods to start
with.”
“B-but…” She was so clear and certain, though, that he couldn’t
really say anything more than that.
Jumping down from his arms, the Red King took a few steps and put
a hand on Pard’s back. The leopard avatar was also glaring regretfully
at the center of the crater, but as a veteran Linker, she likely
understood that they really could do nothing about it now.
Grrrr. She responded to the contact with a low growl and turned
toward Haruyuki and the others.
Blood Leopard, one of the Red Legion’s Triplex, and Prominence’s
leader, Scarlet Rain, both dipped their heads deeply at the same
time. When they finally straightened up again, Niko looked at each of
them in turn. “Silver Crow. Cyan Pile. And Lime Bell. Because of my
cowardice, I put you in a seriously bad sitch.”
“What?!” Chiyuri cried, waving a hand in front of her face. “Don’t be
so cold, Niko! We’re friends, aren’t we?! It’s only natural we help out
when one of us is in trouble!”

130

“That’s right, Red King,” Takumu continued. “The two of you have
helped us out any number of times before, after all.”
Of course, Haruyuki tried to say something as well, but Chiyuri stole
his turn from him. “And I’m sorry, too. I couldn’t get all your
Enhanced Armaments back…If I’d built up my special-attack gauge a
minute—no, thirty seconds faster, I could’ve gotten back the last one
before they pulled Cerberus’s cable…”
“Now, that’s cold, Bell. No, oh, um…” Suddenly tongue-tied, Niko
scratched the damaged antenna parts on her head. “So, like, what
should I call you? Not your avatar name, but somethin’ from your
real name.”
After a moment of surprise, Chiyuri pulled at the brim of her triangle
hat as if embarrassed. “Oh, that doesn’t really matter. Kuroyukihime
calls me Chiyuri, and Sister Fuko calls me Chiiko…”
“Th-that so? ’Kay, I’ll think about it. Anyway, thanks. Seriously.” Niko
offered her thanks once more.
Takumu cleared his throat. “Red King, I also don’t mind whatever
you’d prefer to call me.”
“I already got a great one for you, Professor.”
“…C-certainly. That’s that, then.”
Chiyuri started to laugh out loud at this, and the air in the place
eased up the slightest bit.
Haruyuki also let his shoulders relax and looked down at the bottom
of the crater once more. Wolfram Cerberus had left the Unlimited
Neutral Field through a forced disconnection, still equipped with the
last of the parts that made up Invincible. Which meant that although
the majority of the Incarnate energy accumulated in the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II, had dissipated into the air, it would still
continue to exist as an item in Cerberus’s storage.

131

Had the darkness already disappeared from the thruster block, just
as Mark I, aka the Disaster, had been purified and returned to the
Destiny? Or was the evil transferred from the ISS kit main body still
lurking, weakened, in the Enhanced Armament? He had no way of
knowing that right now.
Cerberus. And Niko. I promise. I’ll completely eliminate Mark II and
return the final part to where it belongs. Absolutely.
At almost the same time as Haruyuki made this vow in his heart, a
cry slipped from Takumu’s mouth. “Ah!” Under the collected gazes of
his comrades, the large blue avatar took a step toward Niko. “Th-that
reminds me. It’s not just Cerberus. The Red King should also be
disconnecting soon.”
“Me? Why?” Niko sounded baffled, but Chiyuri and Pard exchanged
looks that said, Now that you mention it…
“Because Master, Raker, and the others were returning to the real
world through the portal at Midtown Tower to pull out the Red
King’s cable. On Haru’s instruction.”
“Th-that’s okay now,” Haruyuki hurried to interject. “I think.
Kuroyukihime and them are on their way from Midtown. They must
have seen Mark II’s attack and decided to come here.”
“How do you know that, Haru?” It was only natural for Chiyuri to ask
the question, but he couldn’t answer it so simply. Because he’d seen
Kuroyukihime’s team moving when he was looking out over the
entire Accelerated World after Metatron brought him to the Highest
Level. The only one who could explain properly was Metatron, but
she would never tell the story again. Pushing back the painful
sensation that welled up in his throat once more, Haruyuki said, “I’ll
explain later. At any rate, they should be here soon. They’re coming
from that direction.” He indicated the northern edge of the crater,
and everyone turned their eyes in that direction.

132

At basically the same time, a black silhouette rose over the edge
carved smoothly out of the ground. One, two, three, four…five, six,
seven…Staring dumbfounded at the shadows that continued to grow
in number and surround the crater, Haruyuki remembered that he’d
seen something similar once before.
It had been five months earlier when they were headed to the
Ikebukuro Area in the Unlimited Neutral Field with Niko, who had
asked them to help catch the fifth Chrome Disaster, aka Cherry Rook.
Crypt Cosmic Circus, led by the Yellow King, Yellow Radio, had
ambushed them and put Haruyuki and his friends into serious
danger.
It can’t be…He swallowed hard and then suddenly noticed that not
only were nearly all the silhouettes shaped differently from duel
avatars, but some among them were rather large for avatars. In
other words, they were…
“No way. Are those all Enemies?” Chiyuri murmured, and belatedly,
Haruyuki remembered.
It hadn’t been just Kuroyukihime and the others heading for this
crater. Enemies of varying sizes were converging from all directions,
drawn in by the “sound” of the Incarnate techniques. They were
mainly Lesser class with only two or three larger Wild class, but there
were far too many to be able to fight all at once.
“Aah, well. Only natural given how everyone was using Incarnate left
and right,” Niko commented.
“NP.” Pard, now back to human form, spoke for the first time in a
while. “Crow will fly us all out of here.”
“L-leave it to me!”
Wait, what? I mean, Metatron Wings…They don’t exist anymore.
Each time he remembered his parting with the Archangel, loneliness
made his heart heavy, but this was not the time for sniffling.

133

Even though he hadn’t even been equipped with the Metatron
Wings for a full hour, his back felt so much lighter without them. He
put his strength into it and spread his two silver wings. He should at
least be able to get four people out of the crater with his own flight
ability.
“Everyone! Grab on!” Haruyuki cried, spreading his arms, and just
like when they had dodged Mark II’s laser, Pard and Niko leapt onto
his left arm while Takumu and Chiyuri grabbed his right. He revved
his wings with enough force to use up the last of his special-attack
gauge, and— “Nngh!”
Too heavy.
No, it wasn’t because of his burden. He wasn’t getting any lift with
his wings. In addition to the damage the silver fins had taken in the
many fierce battles, his mental exhaustion also dulled his flying
ability. It wasn’t quite the Incarnate System, but Silver Crow’s flight
ability mainly used imagination circuits for its control, so for better or
for worse, his mental level affected it at the extremes. Even so, he
managed somehow to ascend about ten meters, but there were
more than a few Enemies with long-distance attack abilities. They
would need to fly three times that high to safely escape the crater.
“Unh…Aaah!” Howling, he sincerely tried to get some thrust in his
wings. But he merely used up his special-attack gauge; he couldn’t
get more altitude.
And perhaps the unstable high frequencies his wings were emitting
stimulated the Enemies; over twenty of various sizes surrounding the
crater began to run, letting out curious cries.
“Y-you okay, Haru?” Takumu asked uneasily.
“You can do it, Haru!” Chiyuri cheered.
Normally, the encouragement of his two childhood friends gave him
more energy than anything else, but right now, the gaping hole in his

134

heart sucked all the vitality out of it. Belatedly, he realized the reason
he couldn’t fly wasn’t only the damage to his wings and his mental
exhaustion. It was no good. He couldn’t fly anymore. At least, not
until he could be by himself and cry out loud.
“…Guys, I’m sorry…” Apologizing weakly, he helplessly dropped back
down.
And then, a crimson light poured down from the sky. Countless fiery
beams shot down to surround Haruyuki and his friends, and they had
no sooner landed inside the crater than pillars of pure-red flames
were jetting upward.
Outflanked by the flames, the Enemies lost sight of their prey and
moved about in confusion, howling.
His surprise made him forget his defeat for the moment, at least, and
as he continued to just barely hover, he turned his head back up
toward the sky and saw a pale-blue light flickering and flying across
the evening sky dyed its madder-red.
“Strato-Shooter,” Pard murmured, hanging on to Haruyuki’s left side.
There was no mistaking it. That light was the jet of Sky Raker’s
Enhanced Armament, Gale Thruster.
As the five stared upward, the shooting star abruptly split into two.
The newly born light was a deeper red than the twilight. Falling in a
straight line toward Haruyuki and the others, the light soon revealed
the form of a duel avatar. Armor patterned after hakama trousers
and a white robe. Adornments resembling long hair. A large bow in
the right hand.
Testarossa Ardor Maiden drew her longbow Flame Caller as she fell
and shouted the name of the technique loud enough for Haruyuki
and the others to hear. “Flame Vortex!”
This time, a single flaming arrow was released. But this instantly
grew enormous—into a lance of whirling flames—and plunged down

135

right in front of the Wild-class Enemies about to recommence their
charge from the southern side.
Of course, it was no match for Mark II’s nihilistic laser, which had
created the crater itself, but even so, it brought about a massive
explosion like an air-to-ground missile, and at the same time as it
pushed Haruyuki and the others to the north side, it knocked the
massive Wild-class bodies back.
Ardor Maiden used the blast she had produced to kill the force of her
descent and land gently in the bottom of the crater. She looked up at
Haruyuki and the others seven meters in the air and shouted, “C!
Please escape that way!” The small hand gestured toward the
northern edge of the crater. But there, too, five or six Enemies,
including a scorpion-shaped Wild-class, had leapt over the initial
flames to approach them. The scorpion’s tail was brandished high,
and even if they got moving, it didn’t look like they’d be able to
escape its sinister stinger.
But the instant Haruyuki heard Maiden’s instruction, his wilting
vitality was stirred, and he flew to the north. Even if he couldn’t
ascend, he might be able to manage a horizontal half glide—now
that Utai and Fuko had come to help them.
Holding Takumu tightly on his right and Pard on his left, he charged
forward with all the speed he could muster. Ardor Maiden raced
along on the ground beneath them with nimble steps befitting her
form.
The scorpion Enemy ahead of them sensed the approach of its prey
and boldly readied its large tail and claws. Utai drew her bow and
launched a series of flame arrows. True to their aim, they plunged
into the scorpion’s body and enveloped the Enemy in flames, but it
didn’t stop moving.

136

“Crap. That thing’s shell is fire resistant,” Niko groaned, reaching out
for the handgun on her hip. But before she could draw it, a flood of
water poured down from behind the scorpion, hit the red-hot
carapace, and instantly evaporated.
The white steam that puffed up blinded the scorpion and the small
Enemies around it. Maiden didn’t hesitate to plunge into the steam,
and Haruyuki flew in earnest to take advantage of this chance to slip
above the scorpion. Body swinging from side to side, he tried
nevertheless to somehow get through the circle of Enemies.
The scorpion’s tail rose furiously, piercing the white steam directly
below. Perhaps the tail itself had a homing function; the darkly
glistening stinger closed in unerringly on Haruyuki’s chest. He
couldn’t avoid it or defend against it. He’d be beaten down. No, his
health gauge would be emptied.
And then, beneath the steam, a crimson-red light flashed brightly. At
the same time, a clear and powerful call to pierce the depths of his
heart:
“Death By Embracing!!”
The scorpion Enemy’s tail was cut off at the base, and the stinger
shattered fleetingly as though made of glass before it could plunge
into Haruyuki’s chest. The Wild-class Enemy let out a high-pitched
shriek before pulling in the Lesser-class Enemies around it and
causing collateral damage.
As he cut through the countless fragments dancing through the air to
keep moving forward, Haruyuki strained his eyes to look directly
down. He saw Ardor Maiden nimbly dodging the scorpion’s legs as
she advanced—and running alongside her, a jet-black avatar. The
Black King, World End, Black Lotus.
In which case, the water that had come pouring down to produce the
steamy smoke screen had been launched by The One, Aqua Current.

137

The four Legion members they’d left behind at Midtown Tower had
probably fought the ISS kit main body, crushed it, and without taking
even the briefest of breaks, had advanced on the ruins of this school.
All to save Haruyuki and the others.
As Kuroyukihime ran seven meters below him, he saw that the sword
tips of all her limbs had been smashed, and her armor was covered in
damage. Utai, Fuko flying far up in the sky above, and Akira, waiting
on the edge of the crater, were no doubt also ferociously exhausted.
“Kuroyukihime…Master…Mei…Curren…!” By calling their names, he
stirred up a power in him on the verge of being exhausted. Following
a gentle diagonal, Haruyuki earnestly ascended, and his friends called
out to him from either side.
“Just a little farther, Haru!”
“Haru, you can do it!”
“Crow, I know you can fly!”
“WTG, Crow!”
Their cheers were drowned out by the shaking of the earth. The
group of Enemies were regrouping from the damage and chaos and
chasing after them. Another thirty meters until they were out of the
crater…Twenty…
“Unh. Ah! Aaaah!” With a cry, he dug up the last of his strength and
flew the remaining distance.
The instant he passed the sharp edge of the earth, like a knife had
gouged its insides out, and found himself above the wide road, his
special-attack gauge and his mental energy depleted at the same
time. Even his field of view grew dim, and without the leeway to take
on a landing posture, Haruyuki leaned forward and fell. But as he was
on the verge of plunging into the ground face-first, powerful arms

138

pulled him back from either side. Takumu and Pard had hit the
ground with their own feet and propped Haruyuki up.
“GJ.” Pard was supposedly glued to him, but her voice sounded far
away for some reason.
His body was heavy, like he had no strength in his limbs. But this
wasn’t the time to collapse. More than twenty Enemies were also
quickly climbing the slope of the crater. They had to get as much
distance as they could now, while they were temporarily out of the
Enemies’ sight.
Haruyuki desperately tried to stand up, when a hard, sharp, and
somehow gentle hand patted his shoulder.
“You did well, Silver Crow.”
“…Kuro…yuki…,” he said hoarsely, managing to turn his face to see a
hazy, jet-black avatar with broken arms stretched out before him.
Takumu and Pard held Haruyuki up while Kuroyukihime stepped
forward and hugged him to her tenderly. “Leave the rest to us. Rest.
You fought your battle magnificently.”
“But. From behind. Enemies…”
“Don’t worry. I couldn’t help you in your most trying time. Let me
open a path of retreat at the very least,” she insisted.
“Thanks to how hard you fought, C, we still have plenty of energy!”
Utai agreed, having climbed the slope with their king.
“We’ll take care of everything else.” Akira had also appeared from
somewhere.
Finally, Fuko danced down from the sky with a light propulsive sound
to finish up. “Corvus, you sit back and rest now.”
The shaking of the earth caused by the charging Enemies would be
upon them soon enough. Kuroyukihime left Haruyuki to Takumu and

139

whirled around with a sharp tak to stand on the edge of the crater.
Utai, Akira, and Fuko stepped forward to either side of her. The four
were just as injured as Haruyuki and his team, or even more so. To
the point where Fuko switched from Gale Thruster to her wheelchair;
both her legs were gone from the knee down. But there was not a
hint of fear or cowardice in the Black King and the Four Elements.
“Honestly, just can’t be beat,” Niko murmured very close to him.
Right, they really can’t be beat, Haruyuki agreed in his heart.
All they could do was fight. Kuroyukihime and the others would
never give up on this Burst Linker basic, this deepest secret and
condition. As long as there were enemies standing in their way, as
long as they had hands they could clench into fists, as long as they
existed, they would fight.
They would keep fighting.
But that’s me, too. There’s still an enemy I need to fight. The
Acceleration Research Society. They ran off with the last of Niko’s
Enhanced Armament; they still have Wolfram Cerberus. And the
Society leader who not only uses so many Enemies, but also toys with
the memories of Burst Linkers who’ve lost all their points.
It’s all I can do right now to stay on my feet, but I’m going to keep
fighting them. And then someday, I’ll break through the Castle gate,
attack the Shrine of the Eight Divines, and reach the last Arc. To learn
about the end of the world that Kuroyukihime—and Metatron—have
sought.
With the injured scorpion in the lead, the rampaging Enemies
crested the crater edge and danced forward.
A fierce light jetted from Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Utai, and Akira. Their
massive, joint technique knocked the Enemy group flying. Howling,
the various forms tumbled back into the crater and kicked and

140

struggled for a few seconds, but even after they got back to their
feet, they seemed to have lost their fight; they didn’t move.
Kuroyukihime whirled around and announced crisply, “Today’s battle
appears to have ended here. The closest portal is in the Metropolitan
Central Library a kilometer ahead. Now…”
She turned the sword of her right hand due north.
“Let’s go home. To the real world.”

141

The total time in the Unlimited Neutral Field for the missions to
rescue Aqua Current and destroy the ISS kit main body, along with
the surprise mission to get the Red King back and destroy the Armor
of Catastrophe, Mark II, was approximately twelve hours and thirty
minutes. In other words, when Haruyuki slowly opened his eyes after
returning to the Umesato student council office in the real world, the
analog clock hanging on the wall in front of him had only advanced
fifty seconds from 12:20:10, when the mission had started.
Considering that they had reaccelerated after the mission to rescue
Current, this was a fairly high-speed clear.
He’d had dives this long in the Unlimited Neutral Field before, but
he’d never really felt the density of this flow of time, sped up a
thousand times, like he did now. He’d been accelerated, true, but it
felt like several days had passed in the real world.
When he took his eyes off the clock, he could hear a commotion
coming from nearby. He blinked, wondering what all the fuss was
about, before he remembered. Today—June 30—was Umesato
Junior High’s annual school festival. Only that morning, he’d eaten a
crepe at the booth on the track, gone around to the different
classrooms, and watched the kendo team’s samurai dance, but those
memories didn’t immediately come back to him. He was pretty sure
he’d met up with Takumu in front of the kendo dojo and had lunch in
the cluster of booths in the courtyard before they all went out into
the front yard and then—
Rin Kusakabe had collapsed.
“……!”
His memory finally completely awakened, Haruyuki threw himself
forward from the sofa backrest. Around him, the comrades he had

142

fought with were blinking and stretching, but he was the first to
stand—or he was about to be, when Fuko pushed him back.
“Uh, um, the Nurses’ Room, I—”
“I understand. I’ll come with you. Before that.” Grinning, Fuko pulled
the emergency disconnect XSB cable from Haruyuki’s Neurolinker. If
he had stood up with his intended force, he might have broken the
connector. Shrinking into himself, he waited for Fuko to remove her
own cable, and then they stood at the same time and moved away
from the sofa set.
He turned to the girl in black still seated. “I’m sorry, Kuroyukihime. I
have all these things I need to report to you.”
“Mmm. Go.” She smiled. “I’m sure Kusakabe’s waiting for you.”
“I-I’ll be back soon!” He dipped his head and hurried toward the
door.
Fuko followed him. “We’ll be back in five minutes.”
He was worried about whether Kusakabe would actually be up so
soon, but the only thing to do was go and check on her. It was a fair
distance from the student council office, which was on the western
edge of the first school building, to the nurse’s office, which stood at
the eastern end of the second school building.
“Um, Master?” he asked Fuko in a quiet voice as they moved as
quickly as possible through the hallways jammed with school-festival
guests. “You guys took out the ISS kit main body, didn’t you?”
“It would seem so, at any rate. Although we had a little help.”
“Huh? From whom?”
“Let’s talk about that later. What I’m concerned about right now is
that the kit terminals might not have actually disappeared when the
main body was destroyed.”

143

“Uh…Huh?!” That was more than a concern; it was a serious
problem. His feet tangled around themselves in his surprise and
worry, and Fuko reached out to steady him.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, leaning in, her arm linked through his. “I
made you worry. Basically, the kits weren’t eliminated, but they were
sealed. So all the terminals should have been rendered powerless,
and the mental interference should have stopped for Rin.”
“They were…sealed?”
As long as they were disabled, it didn’t much matter if they were
eliminated or sealed, but the difference did make him a little
anxious. But there was no point in getting all worked up here. He’d
know the second he saw Rin’s face whether everything was over or
not.
Their slippers stepped onto the boundary between the passageway
and the second school building. When they turned right into an
empty hallway, the door to the nurse’s office soon came into view.
Fuko pulled her arm free of his and gave him a gentle push. Taking a
deep breath, he placed a finger on the door handle and gently slid it
open. “Hello?”
The health adviser, Mitsu Hotta, turned around in her desk at the
front of the room and smiled. “You really are back soon, hmm?”
Soon? He was about to ask before he remembered. After Rin had
collapsed, he had brought her to the nurse’s office, and before he
had raced over to the student council office, he had told Ms. Hotta
that he had something to take care of, but he would be back soon.
Then he’d dived into the Unlimited Neutral Field and fought fierce
battles against powerful enemies before coming back here. In terms
of his own subjective time, it was definitely not soon. But of course,
for Ms. Hotta, it had only been a few minutes ago, so all he could do
was nod.

144

The teacher urged him on with her eyes, so he bowed lightly before
cutting across the room to a bed in the back that was separated by a
curtain. There was only silence on the other side of the spotless
white fabric.
He opened his mouth, thinking he should say something at least
before he pulled the curtain open, but he didn’t know what. Was Rin
sleeping? Had the interference from the ISS kit actually stopped?
Had the battle Haruyuki and his friends fought really been able to
clear away the darkness corrupting the Accelerated World?
“Rin, we’re opening the curtain,” Fuko said on Haruyuki’s behalf,
reaching a hand out.
Shf! When the curtain was pulled back, he saw the curving line of a
white sheet and the short hair, slightly unruly, that peeked out from
the top. He entered the cubicle with Fuko and closed the curtain
before walking around to the head of the bed.
There, he found the face of Rin Kusakabe in profile, eyes closed, her
right cheek on the pillow. Innocence was the perfect adjective to
describe this sleeping face. But the only one who could determine
whether the interference of the ISS kit was gone was Rin herself.
Fuko gently stroked the younger girl’s hair with her fingertips. “Rin.”
Her long, soft eyelashes trembled and lifted slightly. After blinking a
few times, she opened her eyelids about 70 percent. A hazy light
flickered in the pale pupils. She took in first Fuko and then Haruyuki
standing next to her.
“Kusakabe,” he said, barely moving his lips.
A faint smile rose on her face. “Arita…Master Fuko.” Her voice was
faint but firm. “In my dream…I heard. Your voices. And the voices. Of
many other people. Too. The voices of people. Fighting their hardest
to protect. Me—no, the Accelerated World…”

145

“Rin.” Fuko crouched down and wrapped her hands around Rin’s
small face. “Rin…How is it?” she asked gently but still with a note of
tension. Of course, by “how,” she meant whether the interference of
the ISS kit had stopped.
Several lights bobbed up in Rin’s eyes and came together, flickering,
to produce shimmering, shining droplets that flowed softly down her
cheeks. But these were not tears of suffering or sadness. Rin didn’t
have to say anything for Haruyuki to know that. “Thank you so much,
Master. Thank you, Arita. I…It looks like. I can still be. A Burst Linker.”
“…Rin.” Light streaming out of the corners of her own eyes, Fuko
used both hands to help Rin sit up and then wrapped her arms
around her in a tight hug. Watching over this scene, Haruyuki also
felt something warm in his eyes.
Master and pupil embraced for a full ten seconds before they pulled
apart. Rin turned to him, and Haruyuki opened his mouth to say,
That’s great, huh, Kusakabe? But the instant her slender arms
reached out toward him, he forgot his words and stood frozen in
place.
But then Fuko, grinning, gave him a push with a force that compelled
him whether he liked it or not. Haruyuki took a step toward the bed,
and Rin wrapped her arms around him. The instant he was conscious
of her softness and warmth and the faint scent of flowers, his brain
stopped working. Or at least, he thought it would, but this time, it
didn’t. Because the overwhelming relief and joy, along with a strange
heartache, that rose up in him, pushed away his usual upset and
surprise.
He gently touched his hands to Rin’s small back and murmured in the
ear that was immediately nearby, “I’m so glad…This is really great.”
The mental interference from the ISS kit that had tormented Rin
Kusakabe had disappeared completely. Haruyuki could finally believe
it.

146

Strictly speaking, it had been Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Akira, and Utai
who fought with and destroyed the ISS kit main body at Midtown
Tower. So maybe Haruyuki himself hadn’t been able to keep his
promise to save Rin and her older brother, Ash Roller. But now, he
was able to easily accept that he didn’t need to fixate on details like
that. Now that he had been shown the Highest Level by Archangel
Metatron.
The Accelerated World was much broader, deeper, and bigger than
he had ever imagined. And at the same time, it was fragile,
precarious, and ephemeral. In that world, a lone Burst Linker shone
brightly as best as they could, like a small star. Several people came
together and became a star system. Star systems came together to
form a star cluster. Star clusters came together to create a single
galaxy. Burst Linker duels were proof of the life pulsing through that
galaxy. By fighting in earnest, winning and losing, rejoicing and
lamenting; light, sound, and story were born in the vast darkness.
Rin and Haruyuki were incredibly tiny stars compared with the
enormity of the Accelerated World. But they weren’t alone. They
could reach out at any time, and there would be someone whose
heart was connected to theirs.
All the stars had disappeared from the worlds he saw alongside one
another in the Highest Level, Accel Assault and Cosmos Corrupt. He
didn’t know why yet, but he firmly believed that he could not let the
world of Brain Burst go down the same path. He felt like he
understood at least a little of the Green King’s motivation in
redistributing points without fear or favor. He was fighting back.
Against the rules of the Accelerated World that said that those who
lost all their points were instantly eliminated. All by himself, he was
trying to protect the entire galaxy that was Brain Burst.
Haruyuki couldn’t even beat a Lesser-class Enemy solo; there was no
way he could imitate Green Grandé. But he could help and be helped

147

by the stars that formed the same star system near him and keep
moving forward together. And then that star system would get
bigger. Someday, it would be a star cluster.
“I’m so glad…you’re not going anywhere, Kusakabe,” Haruyuki said,
tightening his arms around her, his voice shaking with emotion.
“Me too…I’m glad.” Rin replied weakly. “I can see. You again…like
this.”
“And how long exactly are the two of you going to do that?” Two
hands reached out and pulled Haruyuki and Rin apart. They turned
their heads together and found Fuko’s exasperated smile.
“Uh. Um. It’s—,” Haruyuki stammered, looking at Rin and Fuko in
turn as he belatedly realized the excessive boldness of his own
action. “Um. R-right. We said we’d be back with the others in five
minutes, right? So we should get going. Kusakabe, can you walk? Or
maybe it’d be better for you to rest here a little longer?”
“There appears to be no need for that, Corvus.” Fuko set herself
down on the folding chair that had been left out next to the bed. “I
just got an e-mail from Sacchi. She can only use the student council
office until twelve thirty, so we’ll have the meeting in a regular duel
via the local in-school net. Sacchi will start it, I’ll be her opponent,
and you two can just join the Gallery.”
“Oh! R-roger.” Haruyuki sat down on the chair next to Fuko, and Rin
folded her legs underneath her on the bed. Because it was school
festival that day, Rin, who was not a student at Umesato Junior High,
had also been given permission for a limited connection to the local
net. And Fuko was Rin’s parent and master, so of course, she had
Fuko on her list of automatic Gallery inclusion.
“Ten seconds,” Fuko announced, leaning back.
Haruyuki also waited for acceleration in a comfortable posture. He
glanced over at Rin on the bed and saw her lovingly stroking the

148

cracks racing along her Neurolinker shell. The instant he had the
thought about how great it was again—skreeeee!!—the sound of
acceleration echoed in his mind.
The light of the sun was harsh in the almost transparent sky. The
ground it hit was also blue as far as the eye could see. The entire
field was covered in water.
The Water stage, naturally, was affiliated with water. Unlike the
Ocean stage, the water was only ten centimeters deep, so avatars
were not submerged, and there were also no large waves. All the
buildings were skeletal concrete frames, bleached white by the
exposure to the sun, and slight waves lapped across the water
surface between them. The scene was beautiful and somehow sad.
Some Burst Linkers called it a beautiful fin-de-siècle stage.
Appearing on the roof of a concrete shell a dozen or so meters high
and a hundred meters wide—the first school building of Umesato
Junior High—Haruyuki allowed himself a moment to take in the
watery world before he whirled his head around. Since the Gallery
was placed randomly around one of the duelers, Fuko or
Kuroyukihime should have been somewhere nearby, but he couldn’t
seem to find either of them.
So he checked the two arrow cursors displayed in the bottom of his
field of view. Both pointed directly in front of him. But there was
nothing but the schoolyard, now transformed into a vast,
unpopulated pool, glittering in the sun.
“Huh? Where are they?” he muttered, leaning over the edge of the
concrete frame. “Did they already go outside the school maybe?”
“Real Down.”
He heard a voice from beside him. Concentrating on the town across
from the school, he unconsciously asked, “What’s that mean?”

149

“’S obvious, you. Real’s ‘direct’ and Down’s ‘below,’ so put ’em
together, and you get directly below you.”
“That seems kinda off…”
“Oh, really? Then you tell me how to say ‘directly below you’ in
English.”
“Um. Maybe ‘right under’ or something.” Absentmindedly continuing
the conversation, Haruyuki peered down as instructed and saw two
F-type avatars facing each other. One was an onyx black, the other a
light-aquamarine blue—obviously, Black Lotus and Sky Raker.
“—?!”
Haruyuki jerked his head up and looked to his right.
Standing there with arms crossed was a fairly large M-type avatar,
wrapped in a leather jacket with scattered spikes and wearing a
skull-patterned helmet. He wasn’t straddling his beloved American
motorcycle, but it could only have been the century-end rider, Rin
Kusakabe’s older brother, Ash Roller.
Magenta Scissor had planted an ISS kit in the motorcycle that was
essentially a part of him, transforming it into something strangely
half machine and half living creature. The mental interference from
the kit extended to Rin in the real world, and to protect his little
sister, he had even gone so far as to vow that he would lose all his
points himself. The reason Haruyuki and his comrades had headed
into the Unlimited Neutral Field in the middle of the school festival
was nothing other than to save Ash and Rin.
Thanks to the hard work of Kuroyukihime and her team, the main
body of the ISS kit had been destroyed—he’d learn the details of this
at the meeting that was about to start—and all the kit terminals had
been sealed away. From the look of him, it did seem that Ash Roller
had been cut loose of all influence from the kit.

150

“Ah…Ah…A—”
Aaaaaash!! Maybe this was the moment when he leapt up and
screamed, but since they’d just had that silly exchange, he couldn’t
figure out what to do. Flapping his mouth beneath his goggles, he
stood there, frozen in place.
“Hey, ya damned crow,” the fin-de-siècle rider said bluntly, looking
out over the endless submerged city.
“Wh-what?”
“Looks like I actually owe ya one now. So I’ll say that last one is a no
count.”
“Wh-what? That last one…is what?”
“Obvioso! You pawing at Rin on the other side in a so-called hug, you
mega-dolt!”
“Wh-what?! I-I-I-I’m sorry, big brother, sir!!”
“Who you calling big brother, yooouuuu?! Lemme tell ya right here,
this is a right-now, one-time thing only! The next time you go wild
with the meaty embraces, mighty me here’ll flatten you with my
machine! Ultrathin!” Ash Roller shouted wildly, arms still crossed.
“That’s thin like flat and ultra like you’re weak, because my mighty
self is mega-coooool!!”
Haruyuki stared at him completely dumbfounded, thinking that this
exchange ruined all sorts of things.
“Ash! Cooorvus!” Fuko’s voice came to them from the ground—well,
watery surface—a dozen or so meters below. “It’s going to hurt if
you don’t get down here in the next five seconds!”
“Y-yes sir, Master!” Ash snapped to attention and peered down. He
couldn’t actually take any damage no matter how high the jump was
since he was a member of the Gallery, but he seemed very reluctant
to step over that edge.

151

“…What are you doing, Ash?”
“Aah, nah, just this rumor. Like, I heard sometimes there’re these
huge sea slugs or sea anemones or whatever in the water of a Water
stage…My fine self and the slithery things, it’s just—”
“……”
Haruyuki silently pushed Ash, and they jumped from the school
building together.
“Nooooo!” The century-end rider fell, kicking and screaming, and
landed face-first in the water.
Coming down gently beside him, Haruyuki turned to Fuko and
Kuroyukihime and dipped his head. “Kuroyukihime, Master. I’m sorry
we’re late. Where’s everyone else?”
“They’re all here. Behind you,” Kuroyukihime said.
He turned and saw six people sitting alongside one another on the
concrete structure of the first floor of the school building. Naturally,
none of their avatars had a scratch on them. The light of the sun in
the blue sky reflected off the water and made their semitransparent
armor shine brightly. Staring at his comrades, Haruyuki reflected
once again on the fact that the long, hard fight was over.
The ISS kit main body was gone, and the darkness that was on the
verge of overrunning the Accelerated World had been banished.
They had returned to the days when Burst Linkers fought one
another simply with techniques, wisdom, and guts in the normal duel
field, and Legion members challenged massive Enemies in the
Unlimited Neutral Field.
However, she was not in this world. The pure-white Archangel who
had given Haruyuki wings and courage and taught him so many
things no longer existed…

152

“Now then, let’s begin,” Kuroyukihime said. “A normal duel ends in
thirty minutes, after all.”
Haruyuki took a deep breath. “Okay!”
Fuko and Kuroyukihime stood alongside each other in the courtyard,
a mass of concrete cut from the school building. The nine people
who had taken part in the mission, with the new addition of Ash
Roller, formed a circle, and the meeting began. Haruyuki spoke first,
earnestly.
The school was in the Minato Ward Area—the apparent
headquarters of the Acceleration Research Society into which he had
chased Black Vise after he abducted Niko. The Archangel Metatron
who spoke to Haruyuki when he lost sight of Black Vise and was at a
loss as to how to proceed. The decisive battle in the courtyard.
Wolfram Cerberus jumping in. The theft of Niko’s Enhanced
Armament by Cerberus III, aka Nomi’s copy. The red light that
poured down from the sky and the birth of the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II…
When he paused for a breath, after muscling through the many
dizzying developments, Kuroyukihime dropped her gaze to the
shimmering surface of the water. “I see…In other words, because we
destroyed the ISS kit main body, the accumulated negative Incarnate
energy was sent to the Society’s headquarters and created a new
Armor at the worst possible time. Is that it, then…?”
“Not yer fault, Lotus,” Niko interjected immediately, sitting crosslegged on the concrete frame. “That damned Argon, she said it.
Something about how it was too soon. ‘That lot, they went an’ did it.’
‘That’ was deffo the ISS kit main body. And by too soon, she meant
the timing of the Incarnate energy transfer. Which means those
Society jerks were using the main body for storing energy right from
the start. If everything’d gone ’zactly ’cording to their plan, the
Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II, woulda been two or three or—worst-

153

case scenario—ten times stronger than the thing we fought. This was
the right time. We took it down. Couldn’t strike the killing blow,
though…”
“If that’s the case, then I feel a little better.” Kuroyukihime nodded.
“But all that said, you did well to defeat it. We saw that black
explosion from Midtown Tower, but that went far beyond the level
of an Enhanced Armament.”
“For reals!” Niko threw her hands up into the air. “Like, if you threw
that at the Castle, you’d knock a god outta the sky…Heap your praise
on your child, there. Without Crow, we’d deffo been wiped out.”
Pard next to her nodded her agreement.
“N-no.” Haruyuki flapped his hands in front of him. “We managed to
win because no one gave up, right until the very end. If it had been
just me, I probably would’ve run away before it even started.”
“Don’t be so modest, Haruyuki. You are definitely today’s MVP,”
Kuroyukihime said with kindness, and a warm joy welled up in his
heart.
But Haruyuki shook his head lightly once more and glanced up at the
blue sky. “Thank you. But…it wasn’t my power alone. Archangel
Metatron loaned me her wings and fought alongside me…If she
hadn’t been there, I never would’ve been able to take down Mark
II…”
No one responded for a time. Finally, Ash Roller spoke at last to
break the silence.
“But, like, Crow, this Metatron, she’s like the Enemy boss, yeah? This
is a giga-unbelievable story, man. Talking to an Enemy, tag teaming
with her.”
“Yeah. But Metatron was no ordinary Enemy. We were just born in
different worlds, but we have exactly the same spirit…I believe that.”

154

Once again, only the faint rippling sound of water filled the stage.
It was no wonder they were confused. For Burst Linkers, Enemies in
the Unlimited Neutral Field were the ultimate foes. They sent largescale parties scattering with their overwhelming battle power and
occasionally pushed Burst Linkers to total point loss with unlimited
EK. And the final objective of that day’s mission had been to
subjugate the Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron and end the
blockade on Midtown Tower. He could say that this Metatron had
become an ally, but there was no doubt it would be hard to believe
right away…
“I believe you!” Chiyuri suddenly shouted forcefully.
Haruyuki let out a small “Huh?”
“I mean, I’ve actually seen an Enemy and a Burst Linker get close!”
“Seen—? Oh, right, you mean Coolu.”
When he visited the Setagaya Area of the Unlimited Neutral Field
four days earlier with Chiyuri, Haruyuki had met a level-four Burst
Linker called Chocolat Puppeteer. She had spent a long time reaching
out to a Lesser-class Enemy of the species Lava Carbuncle and finally
tamed it—though really, it was more like joined it in friendship.
Akira also nodded firmly. “There are rare examples of an Enemy
being made non-active…or so I’m told. This is the first I’ve heard of
one as high-ranking as a Legend class, but if it’s Crow…I feel like I can
get on board with that.”
“The Sun God Inti even might become friends with C!” Utai declared,
causing the whole group to laugh cheerfully.
“I see,” Takumu said once the laughter subsided. “That little icon
flying around you in that school, that was Metatron herself then.”
“Yeah. She was showing us the way.”

155

“No way! I said something about her being a bug. I better say sorry
the next time I see her.” Chiyuri shrank into herself apologetically.
And the tears he’d been pushing back since this conversation began,
just one of them spilled out. It was beneath his mirrored goggles, so
he didn’t think the rest of the group would notice, but Fuko sitting to
his right peered into his face.
“What’s the matter, Corvus?”
“Oh, n-no. It’s nothing.” His voice in reply shook slightly, and he very
much could not fool these trusted comrades. Letting one virtual tear
after another fall, Haruyuki turned to Chiyuri. “Chiyu…You won’t be
able to do that. Metatron is…To defeat Mark II, she transformed
herself into the light of Trisagion…and she disappeared.”
With the group silent once more, Haruyuki haltingly told them about
his experience in the mysterious Highest Level. About the things
Archangel Metatron had shown him. Had told him. And about the
end of the world that she had wanted to see…
Once he’d told them about Metatron’s annihilation, there was a full
ten seconds of silence. When the timer in the upper part of his field
of view reached five hundred seconds remaining, Kuroyukihime
started to speak slowly.
“The final Arc, The Fluctuating Light itself, is the reason for the
existence of the Accelerated World…Is that what Metatron said in
this space, the Highest Level?”
“If that’s true, then the world won’t end even once someone reaches
level ten…Is that it?” Fuko asked in reply, and the Black King slowly
moved her face mask up and down.
After another brief silence, she said quietly, “When I attained level
nine, the message text that was displayed in my field of view was
precisely this: WHEN YOU REACH THE NEXT LEVEL, YOU WILL MEET

156

THE CREATOR AND LEARN THE TRUE PURPOSE OF BRAIN BURST, THE
TRUE MEANING OF THIS WORLD.”
“Didn’t actually say the game’d be cleared by someone hittin’ level
ten,” Niko said, having seen the same message herself, her tone
faintly angry. “But if we’re not clearin’ it, why make such a big deal
outta level ten? I mean, the condition to make level ten’s pretty for
real—push five other level niners to total point loss or you don’t get
to be level ten. What’s the point in that?”
“…No idea. The only thing is to ask this creator about the truth…But
Haruyuki’s story does make me think otherwise than I have been. I
feel as though while the creator does wish to see someone reach
level ten, they’re also afraid of this very thing happening…Something
like that…”
Niko groaned.
“If the creator’s afraid,” Haruyuki said, trying to ignore the bitter pain
of loss in his heart, “it might be connected with the end of operation
of those two worlds—of Accel Assault 2038 and Cosmos Corrupt
2040. If the same creator’s behind all three games, then he—or she,
maybe—this person only has our Brain Burst 2039 left now. And if
someone reaching level ten means, like, the game’s final stage
begins…”
Metatron had said it on the Highest Level. Long, long ago, plenty of
stars had shone in the two parallel worlds, as well. But those lights
had gone out one by one until finally they all disappeared. Thus,
those two worlds must have produced some “result” a step ahead of
Haruyuki’s. He didn’t know whether someone had made it to level
ten and challenged the Castle or whether everyone had lost all their
points before that. But at the very least, there was the possibility
that this world would go down the same path. The possibility that it
would be swallowed up by darkness with no one able to reach the
light at the end.

157

Stewing silently, Haruyuki lightly tapped his right hand to his left.
“You told us a little while ago, Corvus, about the Green King
discussing these two ‘trials,’ Accel Assault and Cosmos Corrupt,”
Fuko said, her voice calm. “But now it seems that we need to obtain
more detailed information. Ash.”
The man snapped to attention. “H-hhyah, Master?!”
“Please set up a meeting with Grandé soon. I’ll leave the venue to
you, but I’d prefer a neutral area.”
“R-roger, yes, Master…So, like, G-G-G-G-G-Grandé, you maybe talkin’
about our LM?! S-s-s—”
“Seriously for real. Please.” Fuko flashed him a bright smile, and even
Ash could not say “Giga impossible!” to that grin.
As Haruyuki watched the petrified century-end rider, the corners of
his mouth finally softened. And then he heard a voice from nowhere.
“That won’t be necessary, Burst Linkers.”
Sweet like a young girl, clear like a pure holy woman—a stern echo
like a noble queen. Although the elements resembled Metatron’s
voice, he could tell that the essential nature of it was entirely
different. Or rather, he couldn’t feel anything of the heart of the
speaker, and that should have been the essential nature of the voice.
A hard, cold, smooth wall completely blocked any empathy.
Who on earth…? Haruyuki started to look around and then noticed
something strange about Kuroyukihime.
The Black King, also known as World End, was completely stiff, even
more than the petrified Ash Roller had been. A strange light floated
up in the eye lenses behind her goggles, but Haruyuki couldn’t tell
what kind of emotion it was expressing. He’d never seen the Black
King like this before. And yet, Haruyuki felt like he could see the

158

expression on the face of the flesh-and-blood Kuroyukihime that
lived in the avatar. It was definitely surprise, animosity, and fear.
Instantly, Haruyuki understood. Or rather, remembered. I’ve heard
that voice before, too. Not directly…In a dream. Within the memories
of Chrome Falcon that I shared in the Castle…
“On the roof!” Niko shouted, and everyone, with the exception of
Kuroyukihime, leapt up from their concrete seats and looked up at
the northern sky.
A hut that housed the stairwell jutted upward from the center of the
roof of Umesato Junior High’s first school building. Someone was on
top of it. Not a duel avatar; the slender body was wrapped in a
snowy-white summer dress, and long golden hair fluttered in the
breeze. A girl. But her face was covered by a platinum mask that
you’d use at a masquerade ball.
A flesh-and-blood girl in the duel field? He was baffled for an instant
before he realized it was a dummy avatar for spectator use. In other
words, a Burst Linker besides Haruyuki and his friends had slipped
into the Gallery for the duel that Kuroyukihime and Fuko had started.
“Who are you?!” Niko’s sharp voice flew once more.
Even at this demand from the Red King, the snowy girl didn’t so
much as twitch. She stood on the edge of the hut and brought her
hands together behind her back. A wind gusted up in the Water
stage, making the girl’s golden hair and dress flap. He found it hard
to believe that the lines of her graceful, refined limbs were polygons.
Although she had no butterfly wings on her back, and her coloring
was the polar opposite, there was an air about her that was very
similar to the avatar in the black dress that Kuroyukihime used in the
local in-school net. For an instant, the words Snow White flashed
through Haruyuki’s mind.

159

When the ripples on the expansive water surface died down, small,
perfectly formed lips moved beneath the thin metal mask covering
the eyes and nose. “Please ask Lotus for my name later. Right now,
we have something more important to discuss.”
…She’d called the Black King “Lotus.”
Haruyuki glanced over at Kuroyukihime once again. The onyx avatar,
the only one to remain seated, did not move a muscle, the swords of
her arms and legs still crossed. No, just one place—the top of the
sword of her right hand was shaking very minutely. Haruyuki couldn’t
decide whether this trembling expressed fear or anger.
When he returned his gaze to the top of the school building, the
mysterious girl looked directly at him with eyes covered by the mask
and said, almost singing, “Accel Assault 2038 and Cosmos Corrupt
2040. The reason these two worlds died out…is because both of
these worlds were too biased.”
“…Biased?” Takumu asked, his tone half guarded, half curious.
“Yes. AA 2038 was filled with excessive fighting…and CC 2040 with
excessive harmony. To put it another way, in the world of AA, every
player other than oneself was an enemy, and in the world of CC, they
were always allies.”
While he was concerned about Kuroyukihime, as a gamer, Haruyuki
reflexively interpreted the girl’s words. Accel Assault was a game
with nothing but a so-called free-for-all mode. And Cosmos Corrupt
was a game with just a cooperative mode. In which case, both were
indeed biased. This was in comparison to Brain Burst 2039, in which
all players could be enemies or allies.
But that this bias destroyed the world…What did that mean? He
could understand if it was just the AA world. If the players were
constantly killing one another, it was obvious that there would be
only one left in the end. But why would the CC world also collapse

160

over the same period when all the players should have been working
together to clear objectives?
The girl on the roof seemed to sense Haruyuki’s question. “Excessive
harmony, excessive cooperation…What these produce is not
acceleration, but stagnation. Time stopped in the CC world. And it
was destroyed because of that. In that sense, the flow of this world
that you all love might also be starting to stagnate bit by bit.” The girl
chuckled softly.
This sweet echo jabbed at Haruyuki’s memory again. Chrome Falcon,
the Burst Linker who synced with Haruyuki in the Castle…He’d
become the first Chrome Disaster because his beloved partner
Saffron Blossom was killed over and over and over before his eyes. In
an unlimited EK using the terrifying hell worm, the Legend-class
Enemy Jormungand.
It was the Acceleration Research Society’s Black Vise and Argon Array
who had put together this tragedy. But one other person was also
there.
She had been wrapped in a mysterious light, so he couldn’t see her,
but someone higher up the ladder than Vise and Argon was there.
The owner of a sweet, pure, stern voice.
“…It can’t be…,” Haruyuki squeezed out hoarsely.
Kuroyukihime, who had not so much as twitched up to that point,
raised her face mask haughtily. She leapt up high from her seated
position and did a backflip before landing on the mass of concrete
with a sharp klak. She sighted the girl on the roof with the tip of her
right sword hand.
“Do you intend to say that that was why?!” Her tone was sharper
and more severe than her swords. But Haruyuki realized that there
was a shared echo, albeit slight, in Kuroyukihime’s crisp voice and
the sweet song of the mysterious female avatar. “Are you trying to

161

legitimize it by talking like that after you went around distributing a
thing like the ISS kits?!”
She yanked her brandished sword downward, slicing through the air.
“Answer me!! White King…and president of the Acceleration
Research Society, White Cosmos!!”
The wind of the Water stage ceased. The light of the sun clouded
over, and the water surface calmed like a mirror. Thick black clouds
rolled in to hide the endlessly clear blue sky. Even though it had to
have been nothing more than a preset weather change event, it was
almost as if the stage itself were afraid. Purple lightning bolts began
wriggling like living creatures through the ink-black sky. The low
rumbling thunder called up wavelets in the water at their feet.
The White King, White Cosmos. Also known as Transient Eternity, the
head of the White Legion, Oscillatory Universe. Kuroyukihime’s
parent and her real-life older sister. The very person who had
convinced her that the Seven Roads—guns the Red King, Red Rider,
created as symbols of peace—were the ultimate weapons of
destruction and spurred her toward tragedy two and a half years
ago.
She was the only one of the Kings of Pure Color who always had a
representative attend the meetings of the Seven Kings that Haruyuki
had been a part of, and now Kuroyukihime was saying that she was
at the same time the leader of the Acceleration Research Society,
another figure similarly shrouded in mystery.
“But…that’s…” The voice that spilled from Haruyuki’s throat shook so
much that he himself could barely hear it.
The other eight were in varying degrees of shock. The one who
appeared the most surprised was Ash Roller, who groaned “No
way…” without a single word of Ash slang.

162

Chiyuri, on the other hand, muttered “Of course,” which jumpstarted Haruyuki’s brain again.
“Of course?” he asked his childhood friend. “How did you…?”
“Now look, the Society headquarters we slipped into…It was about
two kilometers southwest from the old Tokyo Tower, right? And the
girls’ school Kuroyukihime said the White Legion headquarters was in
was basically the same place.”
“That’s exactly right, Bell.” Fuko nodded slightly. “We also realized it
when we were moving from Midtown Tower. The White Legion is a
cover for the Acceleration Research Society. We were planning to
make that announcement at the end of this meeting, but…”
“I never imagined that the White King herself would show,” Akira
remarked.
“Nor I,” Utai added.
The girl avatar standing against the backdrop of the thunder clouds
accepted Kuroyukihime’s censure silently. The cold wind that had
started to blow toyed with the hem of her summer dress and her
long, golden hair.
The last to respond was the Red King. She took one step, then
another, toward the school building before calling out in a voice that
burned with a powerful fire, “You? You’re the one pulling the strings
here? Not just the ISS kits…Creating the Armor of Catastrophe, the
Disaster, and parasitizing one Burst Linker after another with it—that
was your work, White Cosmos?!” A crimson aura rose like flames
from her right hand, thrust toward the girl on the roof.
Niko had made her own parent, Cherry Rook, retire through total
point loss with her Judgment Blow, because Rook had turned into
the fifth Chrome Disaster and was indiscriminately attacking
members of other Legions. It had been the Yellow King, Yellow Radio,
who had given Rook the Armor of Catastrophe, but even this act of

163

his was likely the result of the Acceleration Research Society’s
invisible machinations. Since the dawn of the Accelerated World, the
White King and Black Vise had been sowing the seeds of tragedy.
Flames of rage enveloped Niko, while the girl in white looked down
at her through her platinum mask.
“We’ve forced you into difficult roles any number of times, hmm,
new Red King. But that is proof that we recognized your
power…Although, I suppose even saying that, I can’t expect you to
forgive us.”
“Yer! Damned! Right! I’ll pay back this debt a hundredfold!!”
“If that is what you truly desire…” The girl—the White King—said
with an innocent smile, as if humoring a small child. “Shall I switch
from the current normal duel mode to Battle Royale mode right
now?”
It took him about half a second to understand the meaning of those
words. It was true that if all the spectators of a one-on-one duel
agreed, they could switch to Battle Royale, and all the people in the
stage would become duelists. The Red King and the White King,
neither of whom had a health gauge at the moment, would be able
to fight each other. However.
“You serious?” Niko snapped. “You seriously sayin’ you can actually
fight us like that?”
Just as Niko noted, the White King had dived into the duel stage
using a spectator dummy avatar, and a dummy’s fighting abilities
didn’t begin to compare to even a level-one newbie. And the switch
to a duel avatar required operating the BB console screen in the real
world. Practically speaking, in a dummy avatar, the only possibility
was to run—and run desperately. But in the Water stage where the
buildings were nothing but frames, there were few blind spots. She
might have been the White King, but escaping against ten people,

164

including two kings and four high rankers, in the two hundred
seconds remaining, would have been difficult…
No. Wait…There likely was a power in the Accelerated World that
could be used wearing a dummy avatar. The Incarnate System.
Was that the source of the White King’s confidence? If she used
Incarnate, then even with a dummy avatar, she could keep running
until time ran out; maybe she even thought that she’d be able to
win? He didn’t know. He couldn’t trace White Cosmos’s line of
thought.
Shouldn’t it have been impossible for a King to challenge another
King to a fight so casually like this, almost on a whim? The White King
was a level niner bound by the sudden-death rule. If she fought using
a dummy avatar, the defensive power of which was equivalent to a
sheet of paper, and lost to the Black King or the Red King, both also
level nine, she would instantly lose all her points.
Why? For what reason? Somehow, she was able to stand there
quietly, not worked up in the slightest.
“…Cosmos…” Kuroyukihime called the name of her parent in a
creaking voice. Her left hand flashed as she accessed the Instruct
menu. If she pressed the button just three times, an offer to switch
to Battle Royale mode would appear before everyone.
Is this a trap? Or is it the chance of a lifetime?
Kuroyukihime stood there, left hand trembling in the air, and Fuko,
Sky Raker, and Utai waited silently. The readiness to simply follow
their Legion Master became a colorless aura that radiated from the
members of the Four Elements.
Suddenly, Haruyuki felt a twitch from the white wings that no longer
existed on his back—a sensation he’d felt any number of times in the
Unlimited Neutral Field. A warning from Metatron.

165

Even knowing it was a phantom signal from ghost wings, Haruyuki
instantly took a huge step back and cupped Kuroyukihime’s hand in
his own. At the same time, he turned to the girl standing on the roof
and mustered all his courage. “White King!! Your offer’s not fair!!”
His mental circuits were blown at several levels; his words were
basically from instinct.
“…Why do you think so, Silver Crow?”
The moment White Cosmos said his name, a pressure that made him
shudder in fear pierced his avatar’s core, but he earnestly braced
both feet and continued.
“Because your subordinate, Black Vise, still has one of the Red King’s
Enhanced Armaments that he stole! If you’re saying you’ll fight in
order to apologize, then you have to give that back first!”
Everyone around him, including Kuroyukihime, looked at Haruyuki
with slight surprise on their features.
Meanwhile, the White King on the roof smiled faintly beneath her
mask. “I see. Your logic is both understandable and not, but
unfortunately, I cannot comply with this demand. That Armor is a
very precious hope for me. You’ve no idea how relieved I was when I
heard that it had just barely been recovered after it was purified by
you all and on the verge of very nearly being taken back.”
“…Hope? What do you mean, hope?” He had thrown himself forward
to stop a fight, but when the White King said this, he felt an
enormous fire of rage blaze up inside him. He shouted at the top of
his lungs, “You made all those people suffer with the ISS kits…pulled
Metatron away from her domain…controlled total-loss Burst Linkers
like zombies…stole Rain’s Enhanced Armament from her…forced
Cerberus into such a terrible role…And you call the result of all this
‘hope’?!”

166

And that’s not all. The tragedy created by the White King and the
Acceleration Research Society isn’t that. Chrome Falcon. Saffron
Blossom. The Beast. The many Chrome Disasters. The first Red King.
And now the Black King, my dear Lotus.
Three days before, Kuroyukihime had pressed her face to Haruyuki’s
shoulder and sobbed. She had regretted and wept over the fact that,
manipulated by the White King, she had stained her hands with a
friend’s blood, abandoned friendships, and even destroyed her
Legion.
Seeing those tears, Haruyuki had made a vow. When the time came
that he faced off against the White King, he had to tell her. Tricking
her little sister, making her cry, chasing her out of the house—was
this what an older sister, what a parent, does? He had to tell her.
Sucking air into his trembling chest, he got ready to yell with
everything he had.
But then Kuroyukihime gently placed the sword of her left hand on
his shoulder.
“…Crow,” she murmured, and he knew instantly what she was trying
to say.
Now was not yet the time for that. There was an appropriate time
and place for the decisive battle with the White King.
“…Okay.” Haruyuki somehow managed to swallow his anger and
took a step back. In his place, Kuroyukihime stepped forward—her
earlier tenseness transformed into cool resolve.
“Cosmos. Your hope is for all other Burst Linkers to despair,” she
announced to the White King. “I’m sure it is for Vise and Argon as
well.”
“…That may very well be. But if that’s the case, then what, Lotus?”
The question was calm, at best.

167

“It might not be enough for you to take, but we also have our own
hope.” Kuroyukihime was also quiet in her reply. “The many Burst
Linkers whose names you don’t even know have their own hope and
are fighting in earnest. You might try to knock them down, toy with
them, step on them, but our hope—the hope of all Burst Linkers—is
not going anywhere. The small fires will come together, turn into a
massive inferno, and someday burn away the cold hope that you all
spread.”
As she made this bold declaration, a bluish-purple aura rose from the
Black King, making the water at her feet rise up into fierce waves.
Almost in response to this display of fighting spirit, bolts of lightning
shot down from the black clouds that filled the sky to hit various
areas of the first school building. One landed right next to the White
King on the roof, but the silhouette of the girl didn’t move.
Amid the roaring storm, the older sister—parent—offered sweet
words to the younger sister—child. “You’ve gotten stronger, Lotus. I
look forward to it…the time when you come to stand against me of
your own will…” The figure of the girl blurred in the rain that started
to fall.
Mysterious particles of light enveloped her body. “Until then,” the
White King said in a melodic voice, “I shall doze a little in a butterfly
dream. Good-bye, Burst Linkers. It was a pleasure talking to you…”
Beyond the now-pouring rain, the girl transformed into a butterfly of
light—or that was what it looked like. The butterfly danced up into
the thunderous sky and immediately disappeared from view.
And then the timer hit zero, and flaming letters announcing that time
was up burned a bright red in Haruyuki’s field of view.

168

169

Rin said that she was fine to get up, so the three said their good-byes
to Ms. Hotta and left the nurse’s office. For a while, they walked
silently down the empty hallway.
“Um.” Haruyuki stopped in front of the small hallway that led to the
main entrance and looked up at Fuko. “I’m sorry for butting in,
Master.”
“No need to apologize, Corvus.” Even the ever-calm Fuko had a hint
of tension playing on her lips as she turned them up in a faint smile.
“In fact, I should be thanking you for stopping a fight with the White
King. Although, when the battle does commence at some point, I will
of course expend every effort…But even as it was presented to us
just now, I wouldn’t say we had even a thirty-percent chance at
victory.”
“What?” Haruyuki gasped in surprise—it was ten against one, and
the one was a dummy avatar.
“That person…” Rin clung to the hem of his shirt on his left side. “I
can’t believe she’s a Burst Linker…like us. Maybe it. Was because.
She wasn’t a duel avatar. But…more than that…it was…almost like…”
Rin fumbled for the words, and Fuko explained in her stead:
“Almost like she’s in a different time flow.”
“Oh…Yes. It was. Like that.”
Now that she mentioned it, the White King did indeed have an air
like that about her. While she proposed changing to Battle Royale
mode, it was almost like she was talking about someone else—she
seemed like an observer looking down on the duel field from
somewhere far, far away.

170

“What on earth did she show up for?” he asked, half to himself, as he
remembered her mysterious words. “I don’t feel like her end goal
was to eavesdrop on our meeting or anything like that. I mean, she
seemed to know so much more than we do. She even knows why AA
and CC ended…And how did she get to the stage in the first place?”
And then Haruyuki finally landed on the one thing he should have
noticed and dealt with right away. “Oh! Th-this is bad, Master! That
duel was via the local in-school net, right?!”
“It was.” Fuko’s expression was troubled.
“And you can only connect to the local net from inside the school.
Wh-wh-which means th-th-the White King’s real self is somewhere in
this school right now…”
He had just disclosed the most dangerous and deeply critical idea
possible, but Fuko and now even Rin simply looked more troubled.
He cocked his head to one side. “Huh?”
“Come, come. You’re saying that now, Haruyuki?”
He heard a voice from off to his left and turned to find Kuroyukihime,
Akira, Niko, Pard, and the others stepping into the second school
building from the entrance hall. They’d apparently been on their way
from the student council to meet them.
“Look here, Haruyuki,” Niko said with a look of pure exasperation, on
the heels of Kuroyukihime’s stunned question. “You gotta notice that
stuff the second she shows up in a duel stage like that. And then ya
check the matching list the second the duel’s done.”
“…R-right. But—so then, you already checked?”
“Mmm. And we were the only Burst Linkers on the list.”
Kuroyukihime walked over to Haruyuki and the others and scrunched
up her face.

171

“She wasn’t there? So then, that means she cut her Neurolinker
connection?” But Haruyuki’s guess was quickly shot down:
“No, that’s not it. She was connected remotely from her own Legion
territory.”
“What?! To our local net from outside?! Can you even do something
like that?!”
“It’s not that you can’t, it’s that we don’t allow it…Normally, that is,”
the vice president of the student council, who had control over the
core systems at Umesato Junior High, added regretfully, leaning back
against the wall. “But today, when the school’s opened up for the
festival, we have no choice but to lower the firewalls so visitors can
connect. With her skill and privileges, it’s possible that she dug a hole
somewhere in the network and slipped through…Naturally, I
absolutely will not allow such things to happen again.”
Privileges. Maybe she meant that her family in Minato Ward had
some connection with the company that managed Umesato Junior
High, but he couldn’t exactly ask about that now.
Instead, he dipped his head in front of her. “Um, Kuroyukihime? I’m
sorry for suddenly butting in back there.”
“Mmm. No, you don’t have to apologize.” Her response was basically
the same thing as Fuko’s, a faint smile playing on her lips. She placed
a hand on his shoulder. “I was utterly undecided about whether to
push the button to switch to Battle Royale. And if I’m uncertain, then
now is still not the time to fight.”
Haruyuki felt a bit surprised and very delighted at how surprisingly
normal the swordmaster’s demeanor was. The appearance of the
White King had to have been completely unexpected for
Kuroyukihime. He couldn’t believe she maintained her composure
when faced with her older sister who had manipulated her, betrayed
her, and chased her away.

172

Eight months earlier, when Haruyuki had only just become a Burst
Linker, Kuroyukihime had said to him:
That person was once…the person closest to me. I believed this
Linker would shine brightly forever at the center of my world and keep
all kinds of darkness and cold at bay.
However, one day…one incident, one instant, I realized that this
was an ephemeral illusion. Now, you could go so far as to say that, for
me, this person is my archenemy.
Ever since, she had been unable to speak of the White King without
getting upset. But today, when she finally encountered her mortal
enemy again, she had pushed aside all fear and terror to stand tall
and boldly declare the fight that was to come. A level-nine king
herself, Kuroyukihime definitely wasn’t standing still, either. She
trained and kept moving forward, seeking to grow stronger.
She had also once said the White King, her real-life older sister, was
able to exert the greatest influence on her in the real world, and that
if they were to fight, this fact would become a curse and bind her
swords. But the Kuroyukihime of today would definitely be able to
get past this almost absolute obstacle for a Burst Linker. He had no
doubt that she would stand at the head of the Legion to boldly lead
them.
Haruyuki gently wrapped his hands around the hand of hers that was
still resting on his shoulder. “I’ll get much, much stronger before
then. Strong enough to have your back in the field of the decisive
battle.”
“…Mmm. I’m counting on you, Haruyuki.”
This would normally be the time when Chiyuri or Niko said
something snarky, but even they had gentle smiles on their faces. In
the center of the circle, Kuroyukihime gripped Haruyuki’s hands
tightly in return and nodded deeply before looking around.

173

“Now then, everyone. After all that fighting, you must be hungry.
Let’s get some food at the booths and have lunch in our secret box
seats.”
They went around the refreshment booths in the courtyard and
stocked up on the usual offerings—yakisoba, okonomiyaki, baked
potato—added in some more unusual treats—tacos, falafel,
samosas—and threw in churros and taiyaki for dessert, with enough
drinks for them all, of course, and then Kuroyukihime led the party to
a place no one expected—the roof of the second school building.
For Haruyuki, this was a space with no good memories. Up until the
second term of grade seven, he had been called up here over and
over by three boys in his class and forced to buy them snacks or
juice, and he had been beaten up for no reason at all. After he was
finally freed, he would hide until the end of lunch in a stall in the
boys’ washroom in a part of the school where no one ever went and
distract himself from his empty stomach in a one-person squash
game on the local net.
With Kuroyukihime’s help, that bullying had ended abruptly, and
he’d barely thought of it since then. But it wasn’t as though he’d
forgotten those hellish days. That small, hard lump of memories was
buried somewhere deep in his heart; he just pretended it didn’t
exist.
Following everyone up to the roof, Haruyuki hung his head and came
to a stop when he spotted a familiar rain stain on the concrete at his
feet. Back then, too, he had always stopped here for a moment on
the days that gang called him out. Beyond this shadow was territory
that was out of range of the social cameras. Once he took a step
forward, all the rules against irrational violence would go out the
window.
Why had Kuroyukihime chosen this for her box seats? And what on
earth were they supposed to see from here anyway?

174

“Haruyuki.”
He hurriedly lifted his face.
Kuroyukihime, who had been walking a little ahead, was now
standing on the other side of the rain stain and smiling as she offered
him her hand. Half unconsciously, he took it, and she pulled him
forward, so Haruyuki was forced to jump over the gash and take a
step forward.
What he saw first was a large plastic tarp spread out next to the solar
power–generating nano-wire panel. Was this the place she was
calling box seats? Sitting down, about all they’d be able to see was
the trees of the inner courtyard and the northern wall of the first
school building. But then Haruyuki realized that the tarp wasn’t the
only thing near the solar panels.
A slim metal pole stretched up from the floor. He looked up and
found not a floodlight at its tip, but rather a black sphere about
fifteen centimeters across with a bluish luster. A social camera.
“Huh? …How…? There didn’t used to be a camera there,” Haruyuki
muttered.
Kuroyukihime stood alongside him. “It took quite a bit of time. But
there is no longer a single square meter of this school that is in the
blind spot of a camera, and that includes the rear yard and the inner
courtyard. I wanted to tell you that.”
“………”
He couldn’t say anything in reply at first.
The other eight had probably guessed there was something going on
between Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime at the moment. They took off
their shoes and slippers and stepped onto the tarp, chattering
excitedly as they started to set out lunch. Haruyuki watched them
absently.

175

The social cameras were set up and operated so that the
government could strictly monitor the citizenry, including inside
elementary and junior high schools, and no one would have said it
was a perfect system. In fact, more than a few teachers hated the
idea of cameras in schools. Such teachers insisted they shouldn’t rely
on social cameras to prevent bullying, but rather give the students
the independence and power to fight back on their own; i.e., deal
with it if you’re dragged into a camera blind spot. But practically
speaking, the camera blind spots themselves were what produced
bullying, this denial of humanity through malice and violence.
Haruyuki thought that not having any students bullied right from the
start would be much more meaningful than the independence of the
school that the teachers fixated on.

176

177

“Now no one will ever have to go through anything like that again,
huh?” he said finally.
“Yes.” Kuroyukihime nodded firmly. “This was the one thing I felt I
absolutely had to do while I was a member of the student
council…Now, let’s have lunch. We can’t keep everyone waiting
forever.”
“…Right!” As he walked over to rejoin their friends together with
Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki’s voice was full of the emotions welling up
inside him.
The seemingly plentiful lunch they had prepared vanished without a
trace from the plastic tarp in a mere twenty minutes.
“Aaah, I’m stuffed.” Both legs stretched out in front of her, Niko
patted her stomach, which was so slim you had to wonder where all
that food went. “Eating outside’s pretty great. Let’s have a picnic in
the park one o’ these days. There’s that big one over by the
government building, yeah?”
“Th-there is, but that’s right in the middle of Leonids territory,”
Takumu noted hurriedly.
“Listen, Professor.” Niko glared at him out of the corner of her eye.
“We can cut the net off for a picnic, at least!”
Utai ran her fingers through the air. UI> IT WOULD BE FUN TO HAVE
A PICNIC ON SATURDAY AND ATTACK THE BLUE TERRITORY ALL
TOGETHER AFTER EATING.
“H-hang on, Uiui. That would leave Suginami area empty.”
Kuroyukihime was quick to interject, and the other girls laughed
cheerfully. Rin Kusakabe’s smiling face was also among them,
naturally.
While on the one hand, he felt another wave of relief at how great
everything had turned out, he also felt several thorns stabbing into

178

the depths of his heart. One of these concerns was just as he had
blurted out in the confrontation with the White King: the fact that
they hadn’t been able to get all of Niko’s Enhanced Armament back.
White Cosmos had called the thruster block still in Cerberus’s
possession Armor and said it was a “precious hope.” Which meant
the Acceleration Research Society’s scheming still wasn’t over. They
were probably going to use Cerberus’s Armor to try to produce a
new—and maybe even more massive—problem than the ISS kits.
“You’re not having a good time?” Akira had come to sit next to him
at some point, and she offered him a paper cup as she spoke.
“Oh! No, it’s…Thank you.” He accepted the cup at any rate and took
a sip of oolong tea. He brought his upturned face back down and
found all eyes suddenly on him, so he unconsciously started to drop
his head.
“Haruyuki, we still have some time. If you have something to say, you
can say it, you know?” Kuroyukihime urged.
He nodded, although he did wonder exactly how much time until
what. “Um. The thing that’s just really bothering me…is that we
couldn’t get one of Niko’s Enhanced Armaments back.” He looked up
at the girl in question, and the Red King merely blinked rapidly in
response. This was unexpected, and Haruyuki unconsciously kept
going. “I—I mean, Prominence has Territories, too, and all. And you
can’t summon Invincible without the thrusters…?”
Niko exchanged a look with Pard to her left, and then they both
looked at Haruyuki. Tugging on one of her red pigtails, Niko said, just
the slightest bit apologetically, “Nah, I can.”
“……What?”
“Even without the thrusters, I can summon just the other parts.”
“……Y-you can?” Haruyuki gaped.

179

Her slightly contrite look disappeared, and the Red King puffed out
her cheeks. “So, like, that knockoff Dusk Taker stole my Enhanced
Armament and managed to equip just the four parts without the
missile pods, y’know?! Normally, a person’d figure it out then! Listen.
Invincible’s an attachment Enhanced Armament with the cockpit
block at the center. So long as I got the cockpit, doesn’t matter if the
rest is one piece or four pieces!”
“…R-really…?” Now it wasn’t just his mouth; Haruyuki’s eyes were
also opened as wide as they could go.
“Well, I guess I’ll say thanks for lookin’ out fer me, at least.” Niko’s
puffed-out cheeks deflated as she scratched the back of her head.
“And it’s true; just ’cause I can equip the four pieces doesn’t mean I
can forget about the thrusters or whatever. Just…I think that’s a
problem I need to take care of myself.”
“What—? I’ll help! I mean, you went to the Unlimited Neutral Field
to aid us, so we have a responsibility for what happened there.”
Haruyuki unconsciously leaned forward toward Niko on the opposite
side of the circle he and his friends sat in.
But the Red King curled her lips up in a faint smile, her face a mix of
emotion, and then she looked up at the partly cloudy sky as she
spoke slowly. “When that Vise jerk had me captive in that school, I
was still conscious, still feelin’ stuff. I mean, it was kinda hazy, but I
was there. So I was thinkin’ all kinds o’ stuff when that monster took
my Enhanced Armaments one piece after another. Like I was gonna
hafta give up being Promi’s LM now. Or like, maybe Pard’ll step up
and take the reins as LM. But that wasn’t all. Surprised even me, but I
was ready to give up, but also the opposite, too.”
She dropped her gaze down to her own small hand and clenched her
fingers together tightly. “Level-wise, sure, I’m at nine, but my power
doesn’t begin to compare with the other kings. Not in battle or in
leadership or mentality.” Kuroyukihime opened her mouth to

180

interject, but Niko shook her head lightly with a faint smile still
visible. “I was half going with the flow when I became Promi’s
LM…I’ve actually always thought that I don’t got the right to call
myself the second Red King. In my heart somewhere, I was like, I
should walk away from the whole mess before the chrome plating
peels off and everyone sees how awkward I really am. But then my
Enhanced Armament got stolen. Plus, my back was up against the
wall, like maybe this is it—maybe I’m lookin’ at total point loss here. I
finally had a reason to throw in the towel, y’know? But I didn’t want
to, suddenly. What I really felt was regret. I didn’t want it to end
there…Like, I didn’t want to betray Promi, not when it’s come so far
after all that chaos three years ago. I mean, the Legion’s stuck with
me all this time.”
Pard pursed her lips tightly together as if to keep the words that
bubbled inside her from spilling out. Niko didn’t dare look in her
direction, either, but rather looked at Haruyuki and Chiyuri in turn,
her hands still clenched into fists on the slender legs that stretched
out from her cutoffs.
“I seriously thank you from the bottom o’ my heart for taking down
the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II, and gettin’ back three pieces of
my Enhanced Armament. But I think I need to spend some time
really thinkin’ about what it means that the one piece is still gone. I
hafta learn something from this. Just like you’re always doing,
Haruyuki. So…don’t panic. As long as my thrusters are out there
somewhere in the Accelerated World, I know I’ll get the chance to
get ’em back. Until that chance comes along, I’m gonna rebuild
myself so I can really call myself Legion Master—and maybe even the
Red King. Also, I gotta pay back Metatron somehow, after she
disappeared right next to me there.” Having finished this long,
resolved speech, Niko gulped down the orange juice in her paper
cup, looking embarrassed.

181

The thorn that had stabbed at Haruyuki’s heart melted away at her
words, but something hot welled up in its place, and he had to blink
repeatedly. He didn’t think he could speak, so he nodded his head
silently over and over.
Sitting on her knees to the left, Kuroyukihime rose to her full height
and unexpectedly said, “Niko—no, second Red King, Scarlet Rain. I
have something to say to you on behalf of a certain friend.”
The tale she then told was a shocking truth. It hadn’t just been Dusk
Taker that the Acceleration Research Society’s necromancer brought
back. The memories of the first Red King, Red Rider, had also been
revived to produce massive quantities of the ISS kit terminals and
had been made to parasitize the kit main body.
“We fought the Rider that appeared from inside the main body.
Naturally, it was not the real Rider I forced to total point loss, but
rather a reproduction of his memories…But because of this, now, he
himself is the lone true BBK.” Kuroyukihime looked directly at Niko.
“When he was on the verge of disappearing, Rider said to tell his
successor his last words…” She paused very briefly. “‘Say thanks to
number two. She took over Promi for me. Tell her it’s up to her
now.’”
The second Red King stayed silent.
And then, abruptly, clear droplets rose in her large reddish-brown
eyes, flecked with a green that shone brilliantly depending on the
light. Her tears soon spilled over, slid down her freckled cheeks, and
fell onto the front of her red T-shirt. Perhaps noticing a little too late,
Niko wiped furiously at her eyes, but the large tears just kept falling.
Finally, she dropped her hand and pressed her face into the chest of
Pard next to her. The Legion deputy, who’d long protected her
Master, also blinked repeatedly as she held the girl tightly.

182

As he listened to the youthful wailing, tears sprang up in Haruyuki’s
own eyes, too. But this time, at least, he wasn’t alone in his
sympathetic tears. Chiyuri, Utai, Rin, Fuko, Takumu, Akira, and even
Kuroyukihime all had watery eyes as they watched over the second
Red King, now finally the official heir after more than two years.
A minute, then two, then three passed. Lifting a finger to the corner
of her eye, Kuroyukihime called out loudly, “Now, it’s getting to be
time. It’s starting!”
Reflexively, Haruyuki glanced at the clock in the lower right of his
virtual desktop. The display was clear, unaffected by the tears filling
his eyes, and showed 13:59:50. He wondered what exactly was
supposed to start at two PM before he remembered. He felt like
Kuroyukihime had said something about the student council’s
festival exhibit starting at two before they dived into the Unlimited
Neutral Field. But no matter what class or what gym it was in, they’d
never make it in time now—
Clang, clang!
Just as the clock hit two, a light peal of bells rang through the air. But
of course, there were no actual bells in the Umesato Junior High
school building. Which meant only those connected to the local inschool net could hear this sound via their Neurolinkers. The bell,
which sounded very much like Lime Bell’s Choir Chime, rang fourteen
times and then stopped—its echo lingering in the air.
“Guests of the twenty-eighth Umesato Junior High School festival
and school students,” the gentle, cadent voice of a female student—
probably student council secretary Megumi Wakamiya—announced.
“The student council executive will now unveil their project ‘Time.’
Please ensure your Neurolinkers are connected to the network for use
at this school. The exhibit area is outside the school buildings. Those of
you already outside, please remain there. Those of you inside, please
go to a nearby window. Now then, let’s begin.”

183

The exhibit area’s outside the school? Haruyuki looked over at
Kuroyukihime. But the student council vice president said nothing—a
faint smile lingering on her lips. Takumu, Akira, and the others also
looked around dubiously, while Niko lifted her face from Pard’s chest
as though she hadn’t spent the last ten minutes wailing.
Fwssh! He felt a refreshing breeze on his skin. Since the Neurolinker’s
augmented reality mode could only produce sound and images, this
was just a real wind that came along at just the right time. But
almost as though it were a signal of some kind, afterward, the back
of the tall building he could see beyond the first school building to
the south disappeared entirely.
“Ah!” Hurriedly getting to his feet, Haruyuki started to move toward
the railing of the roof, but Kuroyukihime pulled him back.
“Haruyuki, everyone, it’s easier to see on the other side.”
“O-other side?” He turned around as he was told. The roof was only
ten meters or so wide, so he should have been able to see Oume
Highway and the neighborhood of 3-choume Minami Koenji over the
railing on the opposite side.
But the familiar town wasn’t there, either. What spread out before
him instead was a ocean of grass as far as the eye could see. It was
almost like the Accelerated World’s Grassland stage, but it was
dotted with low bushes, and he could see an enormous river about
two kilometers to the north. From the location, he assumed it was
the Myoshoji River, but that river was at most ten meters across. The
one he saw now looked to be a kilometer to the opposite shore.
They all moved to the railing on the north side and opened their eyes
wide in amazement, when, once again, they heard Megumi’s voice.
“What you are seeing right now is the view from eight thousand
years ago in the early Jomon period. At that time, the end of the

184

Musashino Terrace was a shoreline, and what is currently Suginami
was in the center of a peninsula that jutted out into an enormous bay.”
“J-Jomon period?!” Haruyuki cried out in surprise and peered directly
down over the railing. The grassy plain started immediately to the
north of the animal hutch where Hoo, the northern white-faced owl,
lived; Umesato was like a ship floating in a massive green ocean.
“Master. So does this mean then…that a video of a grassland is being
AR–projection mapped over everything outside the school
premises?” Takumu asked, showing off his professorial side.
“Mmm.” Kuroyukihime nodded. “Well, basically, yes.”
Genre-wise, it resembled the “Koenji Thirty Years Ago” that Haruyuki
had unveiled with his own class, but the scale and difficulty were
orders of different magnitude. To simply overlay AR images onto the
classroom wall, they only had to set up markers in the corners. He
had no idea what you would do exactly to overwrite an entire town.
Sighing in admiration, he shifted his gaze from east to west, and
further explanation came from Megumi.
“In this era, the Musashino Terrace was an important place for the
people who lived in Tokyo in the Jomon period. They built pit-style
homes near the water and went hunting and gathering in the vast
grasslands. Earthenware and stone tools have been excavated in
nearly every area of Suginami, and large-scale ruins have also been
discovered in the southern area of the ward.”
Abruptly, a throaty howl rang out across the grassy plain.
“Ah! Over there!” Chiyuri jabbed a finger into the air.
He followed it with his gaze and saw ancient humans with simple
lances and bows in their hands, clad in garments made from pelts
and coarse cloth, chasing an enormous boar, large enough to be a
Wild-class Enemy. They then disappeared, and several cone-shaped

185

residences appeared in the grasslands. In the plaza, women worked
together cooking, while children frolicked around them.
“It was eight thousand years ago. But those children. Looks like they
haven’t. Changed so much from us…now,” Rin murmured.
“I suppose not,” Fuko said. “Actually, it’s not only the Jomon people
from eight thousand years ago; even the first Homo sapiens who
appeared two hundred fifty thousand years ago were basically the
same as modern humans in their brain structure. If you gave those
children Neurolinkers and a modern education, they’d probably grow
up just like us. Although happy or not is another question.”
UI> THAT LAST BIT IS VERY YOU, FU.

Chiyuri and Kuroyukihime and the others laughed at this, with even
Niko guffawing loudly, her eyes still swollen and red. As he joined
them, Haruyuki quietly puzzled over the meaning of it all.
This exhibit was indeed amazing. It must have taken an enormous
amount of time and effort to prepare. But why the Jomon period?
Because it was easier to create a video of grasslands? But he found it
hard to believe Kuroyukihime and the student council would choose
their topic for a reason like that.
“Now then, let’s move the era forward a little,” Megumi said,
surprising him. The number −8,000 appeared in the lower part of his
field of view and began to drop with intense speed.
The exhibit from then on was nothing short of stunning. All at once,
several thousand years passed to bring them to the Yayoi era twentythree hundred years earlier. Wetland rice farming had begun, and
the green plain was transformed into a golden-yellow rice field.
Seventeen hundred years ago—the Kofun period. The ancient state
formed, and the control of the Yamato royal authority reached
Musashino. The tools for working the fields and hunting, along with
weapons for humans to fight humans, were now metal.

186

Fifteen hundred years ago—Asuka to Nara eras. Powerful regional
clan chieftains known as kuninomiyakko appeared, and Musashino
Province was established in the Kanto region by Chieftain Musashino.
This was when the regional name Musashi appeared for the first
time.
A thousand years ago—the Heian era. In Kansai, the nobles exulted
in the height of their glory, but in Kanto, the warrior clans—the socalled bandomusha—rose to prominence a little earlier, and large
domains took shape. Although the Musashino provincial government
had been set up in the city of Fuchu, not so far from Suginami,
antagonism among nobles on appointment from the capital and local
warriors deepened, eventually leading to the insurgency of Tairo no
Masakado, the most well-known of the bandomusha.
“All we ever study in school is the stuff that happened in the west in
the Asuka and Heian eras, but there was stuff happening here, too,
huh?” Haruyuki murmured as he watched the warriors cross swords
on horseback.
“You’re totally right.” Takumu tilted his head so his glasses shone in
the light. “We live in Tokyo, so we should really take up more of the
history of the east in class. For instance, the Musashi Shichito,
warrior groups that sprang up here in Musashino, were assigned
important positions in the Kamakura bakufu. It wasn’t just Kiyomori
and Yoritomo establishing the samurai government; these eastern
warriors were in there, too—”
“Come, come, Takumu. I know that as a samurai, you get excited
about these warriors, but don’t go getting on ahead of the show,”
Kuroyukihime interjected with a wry smile, and Takumu dropped his
head, embarrassed. All the while, the times continued to flow past
with Megumi’s smooth narration.
Eight hundred years ago—the Kamakura era.

187

Six hundred years ago—the Muromachi era. With the formation of
medieval samurai society, several small villages appeared in what
was currently Suginami Ward. The area around Umesato Junior High
was a village known as Ozawa, and the temple at the center was
called Koenji.
And then they passed through the warring-states era to four
hundred fifty years ago—the Edo period. Many tough laborers were
transforming the narrow path to the immediate north of Umesato
Junior High into the broad town road. The narration informed them
that the Oume highway they came to school on every day had been
built for the construction of Edo Castle, and they all cried out in
surprise.
A large, imposing procession appeared on the highway. This was the
procession of the third shogun, Iemitsu Tokugawa, who was said to
have enjoyed falconry in Ozawa. Because Iemitsu would sometimes
stay at Koenji, the name of the village eventually changed to Koenji.
Looking ahead of the falconry procession on their way home,
Haruyuki saw the majestic figure of Edo Castle’s tenshukaku tower
keep rising, looming above the streets of Edo.
“The Castle,” Akira murmured, and they all nodded, each weighed
down with their own thoughts.
But finally, the Great Fire of Meireki burned Edo up. The tower keep
was also burned down, and the night sky was dyed a brilliant red. In
the present year of 2047, the social cameras would no sooner catch
the signs of a fire starting than they were sending the information to
the fire department network, so there were basically no large-scale
fires, and the fearsomeness of the great blaze of Edo left them all at
a loss for words.
But the gutted town was immediately rebuilt. The development of
the relay station that opened to the immediate east of Koenji, Naito
Shinjuku, continued, and they could clearly see the bustling streets of

188

town from the roof of Umesato Junior High. There were any number
of great fires after that, but the city continued to develop at a speed
that far surpassed the fires. The culture was overripe, and the wind
of a new era finally blew in the town of Edo, which boasted the
largest population in the world at that time.
One hundred seventy years earlier—the Meiji era. This was the start
of the Westernization movement, and the tree-and-paper-town
streets changed to stone. The light of gas lamps bled into the night
fog, and horse-drawn carriages passed on the cobblestone lanes.
Finally, the laying of railroads began, and Kobu Railways started
operation between Ochanomizu and Hachioji. A British-made K1
steam train raced along an open field a little way from the highway,
puffing black smoke, and children chased after it, cheering. At the
end of the Meiji period, Kobu Railways was nationalized and became
the Chuo Line.
One hundred thirty years earlier—the Taisho era. Koenji Station was
built between Nakano and Ogikubo stations, and a new town sprang
up around it. Of course, this wasn’t yet the overhead rail line, and
the station building was surprisingly small, but it was in exactly the
same place as the current Koenji Station. The steam locomotive ran
ahead of other lines and turned into a train.
And then, a hundred years earlier. The Showa era. In place of
carriages, automobiles began to race down Oume Highway.
Naturally, the cars were gasoline engines, and Japanese models like
Datsun were mixed in with the Fords and GMs. Airplanes and
biplanes appeared in the sky.
Before Haruyuki knew it, the wild warriors who raced on horseback
across the plains of Musashino were a distant vision. Over a period of
a thousand years, civilization had made surprising progress, with the
feudal system becoming a democratic system to give shape to a

189

peaceful modern society. The sun sank, and the gentle lights of
incandescent lamps shone in the windows of houses.
Suddenly, however, an ominous formation of airplanes cut across the
sky high above. Black objects fell from the bellies of the machines,
and several explosions erupted in Ogikubo before his eyes.
“Huh?! Is this the Pacific War?” Chiyuri cried out, shaken. “There
were air raids in Suginami?”
“Yeah.” Haruyuki nodded and gripped the railing tightly. “There was
a factory in Ogikubo that made warplanes, so it was targeted straight
off.”
“You’re quite knowledgeable, Haruyuki,” Kuroyukihime said quietly,
holding down hair that fluttered in the breeze with one hand. “I had
no idea until we were putting together the materials to make this
exhibit. And it only happened a hundred years ago.”
“Oh! Uh, I never actually thought about it in relation to where I live,
though.”
While they were talking, the sound of engines roared above their
heads once more. This air raid was a large one. Firebombs fell from
countless bombers, and the town of Koenji was enveloped in flames.
“Ah!” Rin cried out weakly.
The Koenji Station building crumbled in the blaze. The shops and
houses in the area were burned up one after the other, the night sky
dyed a bright red. And it wasn’t just Suginami; all of central Tokyo
was ablaze. The narration informed them that in over a hundred air
raids, including the one of the night they were watching, a third of
the area of Tokyo’s twenty-three wards had been burned to ash.
In the summer of 2045 when Haruyuki was in sixth grade, a large
ceremony to commemorate the hundredth anniversary of the end of
the war had been held in Tokyo. Bored by himself at home, Haruyuki

190

had watched the broadcast of the ceremony, but he hadn’t been
able to feel anything, apart from an understanding that there had
been a war a hundred years earlier. That was no doubt because he’d
thought wars from long ago were events from different worlds,
different times. But that wasn’t the case. One had happened a mere
hundred years ago in the town of Koenji, where he lived.
As he stood there watching, time continued its endless flow.
Reduced to a barren landscape in the war, Suginami was rebuilt in
the blink of an eye. A new Koenji Station building was also built, and
a brand-new 101 series train began to run along the silver rails.
Finally, the era of rapid growth came, and the buildings gradually got
taller while traffic on Oume Highway continued to increase.
Fifty years earlier. Forty years earlier. Thirty years earlier. The town
steadily approached the form it had been in Haruyuki’s memories.
The combustion engine cars moved through hybrids to eventually
become electric and fuel cell vehicles, while the people coming and
going on the sidewalks gripped portable terminals in their hands.
“Ah,” Chiyuri gasped. “The social cameras.”
He looked closely and saw that black spheres—the social cameras—
had appeared all over town at some point. The introduction of the
cameras had actually happened with similarly little fanfare.
Another significant change that didn’t look like much happened right
away. The terminals disappeared from people’s hands, and in their
places, wearable transmission terminals—Neurolinkers—began to
appear on their necks. The counter in the bottom of his field of view
read −0015.
On the other side of Koenji Station, a large skyscraper condo with a
shopping mall appeared. Haruyuki’s parents had bought No. 2305 in
this building, and Haruyuki had been born the following year. Even
though he knew it was only a reproduction, he stared at the windows

191

in the area of his house. He imagined his mother and father, back
when they still got along, and himself as a baby living together
happily in the gentle light shining through the glass. But the timer
quickly passed the year his parents had divorced.
The time it took for the exhibit to move from the Jomon era eight
thousand years earlier to the present day was a mere twenty
minutes. A rough calculation showed that the scale of acceleration
was about two hundred million times. The exhibit seemed to
decelerate as it grew closer to the present day, but even still, the
fourteen years since Haruyuki was born were equivalent to a tiny
spark in the long history. A time so short and insignificant that he
couldn’t find any meaning in it.
But this exhibit, “Time,” was not trying to make that point. History
was a series of human activities. Perhaps even time itself was. They
were alive right now in the midst of the flow of vast time. The time in
which all people had lived was spun into thread and woven into
fabric to create the long picture scroll that was history. And that flow
would continue on from now. Forever. Endlessly. This was what the
exhibit was telling Haruyuki and his friends.
“Our long historical journey is approaching its end,” came the quiet
announcement to bring the exhibit to a close. “Please look to the sky
now.”
Haruyuki and company all turned their heads skyward. Although the
actual time was not yet two thirty, the sky was dyed the bright red of
twilight.
The counter finally reached 0000, but the digit on the right end went
just a little farther ahead and stopped at +0005. A series of glittering
lights approached from the distance of the twilight sky. They
stretched out—perpendicular and endless—into silver threads. A
ladder that continued up to the Heavens. It was…

192

“Hermes’ Cord!” Haruyuki shouted, unconsciously throwing himself
backward, losing his balance, and very nearly falling down. But
Kuroyukihime grabbed his right arm—and Chiyuri his left—to keep
him on his feet.
Wordlessly, Fuko took Kuroyukihime’s right hand—and Takumu
Chiyuri’s left. Rin, Akira, and Utai similarly held hands. Finally, Niko
and Pard joined in, and the ten formed a large circle on the roof.
The space elevator, Hermes’ Cord, was classified as a low-earth orbit
type, but since it flew along at the supersonic speed of Mach 10 at
the super-high altitude of 150 kilometers above the ground, to the
naked eye, it was nothing but a small point of light. But the threads
of this god of flight reproduced as an AR image approached slowly,
low enough in the sky that they could clearly make out the details of
the bottom station, and stopped directly above Umesato Junior High.
The tip of the 40-kilometer-long elevator—made principally of
carbon nanotubes—melted into the sky where madder-red changed
to indigo blue and disappeared from view. A silver transport ship
piled with some kind of cargo ascended from the station.
“Five years from now, in 2052,” the narration recommenced, “the
world’s first international manned Mars mission will begin. The parts
for the spacecraft will be carried to Hermes’ Cord’s top station, and the
ship will be assembled in orbit. People who once ran through the
grasslands of the Jomon era with stone lances in hand will step onto
the soil of Mars eight thousand years later. But this doesn’t mean we
will stop there. Humanity will continue to move forward for hundreds,
thousands more years. Our parents’ generation, our own, that of our
children—we will all walk that path.”
The transport ship, having reached the edge of the sky, flickered
brightly and disappeared. Hermes’ Cord started to move again and
receded, swallowed into the large twilight sun.
“This concludes the student council executive’s exhibit ‘Time.’
Thank you for joining us.”

193

With Megumi’s announcement, the counter disappeared, and the
red of twilight faded until the cloudy sky returned. But that was the
only change that happened in his field of view. Because the view
spreading out beyond Umesato Junior High had already become one
with the AR image.
There was a slight pause, and then an enormous applause swelled up
from inside the school. Haruyuki also let go of Kuroyukihime’s hand
and slapped his hands together enthusiastically, and his friends
quickly joined him.
Niko had supposedly stopped crying, but something bright rose in
her eyes once again. Without bothering to try to hide this, the
second Red King said, “I’m glad I came today. I can really feel the
meaning in me being born, becoming a Burst Linker, and making
friends with you guys.” Wiping roughly at her eyes with a fist, she
continued jokingly, “Buuut, Kuroyukihime, you know you got high
school exams, yeah? Can’t believe you had the free time to make
something huge like that!”
“Y-you don’t have to mention that now,” Kuroyukihime retorted, her
face grim, and everyone laughed out loud. Soon, she was smiling,
too, as she shrugged lightly. “And it’s not like I made it by myself. The
president’s surprisingly good at this sort of thing…Well, I did use up
thirty points, though.”
“Ah, no fair!” Chiyuri yelped.
“It is not ‘no fair’!” Kuroyukihime argued immediately. “There is no
more just use of Burst Points than this!”
Everyone raised their voices in laughter once again.
Watching over this cheerful back-and-forth among his comrades,
Haruyuki made one hard decision in his heart. When Lime Bell took
apart the Armor of Catastrophe, Mark II, in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, he’d had the thought that Citron Call might be able to rewind

194

the extinction of Metatron, too. That hope—or regret—was still
there. If there was even a 0.1 percent chance, he felt compelled to
try it.
But.
Chocolat Puppeteer, who he’d met in the Setagaya Area, had
explained to him that when a dead Enemy is restored, it’s at best the
same species of Enemy; the exact same individual is not reproduced.
The bond that took long hours to build was gone forever.
Even if he could bring Metatron back, there was no guarantee it
would be the proud Archangel who fought Haruyuki, helped him,
spoke to him, and was destroyed protecting him. If she regenerated
as a completely new Legend-class Enemy Archangel Metatron, that
individual would immediately kill Haruyuki and Chiyuri on the spot.
He wasn’t afraid of being attacked. But Metatron’s essential nature
was a “soul” that had lived in the Unlimited Neutral Field the vast
amount of time of eight thousand years—in terms of human history,
from the Jomon era to the present day—cultivating knowledge and
deepening her thinking. To revive her as a soulless Enemy was a
desecration of his Metatron. Above all else, she herself would not
want that.
“What’s. The matter…Arita?” Rin had come up beside him at some
point, and now she tugged on his sleeve, and Haruyuki came back to
himself, hurriedly shaking his head.
“Uh, oh, no, it’s nothing. I was just, um, thinking about stuff.”
“I’ve. Thought a lot. Too. Like. I have to cherish. The time I spend
with you. Like this…Even more than. I have…”
“Uh, oh, y-yeah, right.” Haruyuki started to nod, and Kuroyukihime
grabbed his collar; Fuko, Rin’s sleeve.

195

“Haruyuki, I’m very happy that the student council exhibit caused
you to think about a number of things, but I didn’t intend the
takeaway to be that you should deepen your relationship with any
particular girl.”
“That’s right, Rin. I would appreciate it if you would also cherish your
special training with me as much as the time you spend with Corvus.”
““R-right…”” Haruyuki and Rin replied together.
“The message I got was there’s no time to waste,” Pard commented
coolly. “There’s thirty minutes left until the school festival ends at
three.”
“Oh yeah. Anything you wanna recommend that we haven’t seen
yet?” Niko asked, having completely wiped her tears away.
Haruyuki thought a minute, the collar of his shirt still gripped from
behind. He’d already shown them his own class’s exhibit, and
anyway, after they’d all been knocked out by the student council’s
super-junior-high-student-level AR display, he would be too
embarrassed to show them the work he’d finished up in a single
night. Did any of the other classes do something that might be fun…?
Pard was apparently headed for even greater impatience in life,
because she said, as though she just couldn’t wait any longer, “Then
we show Kuroyuki, Chiyu, and the professor Haru’s class’s exhibit,
too.”
It appeared that the two members of the Red Legion had decided to
call Kuroyukihime “Kuroyuki,” Chiyuri “Chiyu,” Takumu “the
professor,” and Haruyuki by his full name or “Haru” in the real world.
This kind of nickname normally came into existence spontaneously at
some point, but his heart couldn’t help but skip a beat at Pard
suddenly calling him Haru after going with Crow all this time. He
coughed to hide his surprise.

196

“B-but it’s totally nothing compared with the student council’s
display…”
“What are you talking about? I’ve really been looking forward to it.
As have Takumu and Chiyuri,” Kuroyukihime said, letting go of his
collar.
Chiyu-Taku also chimed in enthusiastically.
“Of! Course! It’s our class display, and if we didn’t have time today, I
was going to get you to let me see it after the festival closes to the
public.”
“Same here. I’ve been hearing good things about it.”
“…O-okay then, just for a sec…” He nodded slightly, although he was
actually happy to hear Kuroyukihime and the others say that.
“Right.” Fuko clapped her hands together and smiled brilliantly.
“We’re all together at last, so after that, why don’t we go to the
Animal Kingdom again? Sacchi and the others haven’t tried it yet.”
“Huh?” Haruyuki stiffened instantly, and Pard, Niko, Akira, Utai, and
Rin looked away awkwardly. But when the still-smiling Fuko went so
far as to wink exaggeratedly at him, Haruyuki couldn’t refuse. He
turned back toward a doubtful Kuroyukihime, Chiyuri, and Takumu.
“Uh, um. Okay then, let’s get going to eighth-grade Class C…”
The last thirty minutes of the festival actually saw a number of
exciting developments.
Fortunately, the three who hadn’t yet seen “Thirty Years Ago in
Koenji,” the class exhibit Haruyuki had worked so hard on—although
his hard work was about a hundredth of the efforts of
Kuroyukihime—appeared to enjoy it. This era passed by in the blink
of an eye in the student council exhibit, but if you looked closely at
the recent past of around 2017, it did make you think about all kinds
of things…was Kuroyukihime’s comment.

197

Then they headed toward the problematic eighth-grade Class B’s
Café Animal Kingdom. Reina Izeki, the project producer and fellow
member of the Animal Care Club, grinned as she led them to a table.
“So you’re back, Pres?” Just like the last time, they ordered drinks
with animal names. Chiyuri, on her first visit, chose the Kitten’s
Prank, and similarly inexperienced Kuroyukihime ordered the
Twilight Crow.
When they were done with their drinks, they moved to the stage at
the rear of the class, and the eight girls took a commemorative photo
by themselves in the normal AR animal costumes. Then, at Fuko’s
instruction, everyone except Kuroyukihime and Chiyuri left the stage.
Without a moment’s delay, the truly frightening Master Raker looked
at Haruyuki and said with another wink, “Okay, go ahead, Corvus.”
This is an order. I can’t exactly go against my master’s orders.
Haruyuki dug deep into the costume program menu and, abandoning
all hope, changed the current selection of ANIMAL FUR SUITS to ANIMAL FUR
SUITS S (aka sexy).
Onstage, Chiyuri and Kuroyukihime stared blankly for about two
seconds, but the instant they realized that the surface area of the fur
covering their bodies had decreased by 90 percent, they let out
shrieks he’d never heard before.
“So, Haru.” Takumu turned toward Haruyuki at the tail end of their
party as they headed for the entrance after leaving Animal Kingdom
and pushed up the bridge of his glasses. “Did you get the photo?”
“Yeah. But it was erased in the forced direct connection…”
“It was…? What about recovering the data?”
“Not very likely. But I intend to try.”
“…Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.”
“Got it. I’ll be in touch.”

198

As they talked in low voices, Chiyuri turned around and stared at
them. “What’re you whispering about?”
““Nothing.”” The two male members of Nega Nebulus shook their
heads in perfect unison.
Three o’clock.
Haruyuki and his friends heard the announcement of the end of the
school festival in a corner of the front yard. Once again, applause
rose from within the school and then faded out like the tide. The
invited guests—mostly students’ friends and family—slipped through
the front gates and chatted about the festival with smiles on their
faces.
The next day, Monday, was cleanup, and the day after that, Tuesday,
was a day off in lieu of Sunday. Once that was over, the special
atmosphere of the school festival would disappear without a trace.
He’d experienced this in seventh grade as well, but he didn’t think
he’d be able to return to regular life so easily this year.
“Aaah, it’s over, huh?” Niko said, stretching both arms out, and then
added as if a sudden thought had occurred to her, “You guys don’t
have an after-party or anything now?”
Whaaat?! Haruyuki nearly shouted, but Kuroyukihime commented
before he could.
“That’s a good idea…I’d like to say yes, but unfortunately, I have a
number of things to take care of and won’t be leaving anytime soon.
It’s impossible.”
“You don’t gotta come or anythin—”
“It’s. Im. Possible! Anyway, everyone’s tired today. If you don’t go
home and get a good night’s sleep, tomorrow will be painful.”
“Tch! Whatevs.” Although Niko looked disgruntled, she followed this
with a serious yawn.

199

Pard awkwardly picked up her Legion Master from behind. “We’ll
head back to Nerima now. Thanksy. Stuff happened, but it was fun.”
“Pard, once again, congratulations on reaching level eight.” Longtime
rival Fuko celebrated Pard’s leveling up and then asked, “So what
should I call you in the real, I wonder?”
“Myah’s fine, Fu.”
“…Understood. Well then, I look forward to dueling you, Myah.”
“K.” Pard nodded.
“M’kay, next time, come to us!” Niko waved, and the two members
of Prominence disappeared into the throng of people passing
through the gates.
Fuko tugged on Rin’s hand and moved forward. “I’ll thank you one
last time. Corvus, thank you for saving Rin and Ash.” She bowed her
head deeply.
“Th-that’s— It wasn’t just me,” Haruyuki hurried to reply. “All of us
worked hard to make it happen…And it was you and Kuroyukihime
and the others who destroyed the main body and all.”
“But that all began because of your desire to help Rin.” Fuko smiled.
“Um.” Rin arranged her hands in front of her and bent deeply at the
waist. “Me. And my brother. We both really, really. Really appreciate
what. You did, Arita. I’ll do whatever. I can to pay you. Back. First, I
want to. Materialize as soon. As possible, like. Master said.”
What? He was confused, but Rin bowed her head once more with
watery eyes, so he simply said, “Me too. I’m really happy that you
and, of course, Ash came back to us, Kusakabe. Tell your brother I’m
looking forward to our next morning duel.”
“Yes. Of. Course!” Rin nodded.

200

“I have to thank you, too.” Akira stepped forward and turned to
Haruyuki and the others. The ever-cool eyes beyond the red frames
of her glasses softened as she continued. “Thanks for freeing me
from the Castle. It’s like a dream to be able to fight with everyone in
that world again. We still have mysteries and problems to solve. But
we can take them one by one. We’ll figure it out.”
At last, Fuko, Rin, and Akira all bowed together once more and
headed toward the side gate. Fuko would probably give them a ride
in her car. Once they disappeared from view, Utai’s fingers flashed.
UI> NOW THEN, I WILL GIVE HOO HIS SUPPER BEFORE I ALSO GO HOME. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR INVITING
ME TODAY.

“Oh, I’ll help you,” Haruyuki naturally offered as president of the
Animal Care Club.
UI> NO, I WILL BE FINE ALONE TODAY. ARITA, YOU MUST BE MORE EXHAUSTED THAN YOU THINK. YOU REALLY
MUST HURRY HOME, EAT A BIG SUPPER, TAKE A LONG BATH, AND GET A GOOD NIGHT’S SLEEP. Utai rebutted
him like an older sister even though she was the much younger one,
and Haruyuki tried to argue with a “B-but”; however, he was cut
short by the words that flowed across his field of view. UI> THAT’S AN
ORDER FROM THE SUPER-PRESIDENT! Utai tapped out with a grin.
“That’s right, Haruyuki.” Kuroyukihime’s smile was slightly wry. “Go
home and rest. Otherwise, the cleanup tomorrow will be rough.”
“Yeah, Haru!” Chiyuri immediately chimed in her own
encouragement, and Takumu was not far behind.
“They’re right, Haru.”
So he was forced to nod in agreement. Thinking that those two had
to be just as tired as he was, he asked if they could walk home
together, but Chiyuri had track and Takumu, kendo. He felt like he
was forbidden to even offer to wait, so he simply said, as a good-bye,
“Um. Okay, then, Shinomiya, say hi to Hoo for me.”
UI> I’LL MAKE SURE TO DO THAT!

201

“And, Kuroyukihime, I really was impressed by that exhibit. The
crepes at your booth were delicious, Chiyu, and Taku, your samurai
dance was amazing. Thanks for a great school festival, everyone.”
Kuroyukihime and the others all exclaimed, “Thanks, everyone!”—
with Utai via chat, of course.
In that moment, Haruyuki felt keenly that that year’s school festival
was over. They still had to clean up, but for eighth-grade class C, at
least, all they had to do was take down the panel boards and put the
desks and chairs back. They could probably finish that in the morning
the next day.
And so the long June finally ended. Morning would bring the start of
July. They’d have finals and the closing ceremony, and then it would
be summer holidays. No one could stop the flow of time. The future
kept pushing in, changing the present to the past. At the very least,
he wanted to spend each and every day—each minute, each second
without regret, if possible. To pay back all the people who had
guided him so far.
Haruyuki waved a big good-bye at his friends and slipped through the
clock-shaped gate and out of the school.

202

But the truth was, he didn’t want to go home by himself. He wanted
to hang around the school until the mandatory departure time and
chat with someone about nothing. Or have an after-party at his
house like Niko suggested. He wanted Chiyuri and Takumu to stay
over, so they could all fall asleep after exhausting themselves with
retro games.
If he could’ve greeted the next day like that, the heavy, painful
throbbing of the thorn still piercing his heart would have maybe
been less.
He passed through the entrance to the skyscraper condo, the
exterior of which had faded to some degree since its construction
fifteen years earlier, and took the residents’ elevator to the twentythird floor. He walked down the hallway, unlocked his door, and
opened it.
“…I’m home,” he muttered, but there was only silence in the dark
house. His mother was on a business trip overseas and wouldn’t be
back until late that night, and today, at least, there would be no
surprise attacks from Niko. He slowly took off his shoes and washed
his hands and face before going to his room and changing out of his
uniform and into a T-shirt.
He glanced at the time, but it was not yet four o’clock. He’d left the
house at eight thirty that morning with Niko, who spent the night, so
it had only been a mere seven and a half hours since then. If he
counted the long mission in the Unlimited Neutral Field, then, in
subjective experience, he had spent nearly three times that amount
away, but his heart couldn’t keep up. The reality of standing alone in
his room seemed like a fake experience created by someone else.
This curious sensation would probably go away if he did the things he
usually did when he came home. With this in mind, he opened the

203

to-do list on his virtual desktop, but there wasn’t a single task on it.
Of course, there would be no homework on the day of the school
festival, and there were no files he needed to submit. In that case, he
thought maybe he should have a big room-cleaning session, but he
couldn’t find the energy.
His thoughts chased themselves round and round, and his body
gradually grew heavier, so Haruyuki flopped onto his bed. He rolled
over and looked up at the ceiling. Although he considered just going
to sleep, he didn’t actually feel sleepy, even though he was tired. He
intertwined his fingers behind his head and let his rambling thoughts
drift.
In the fierce battle fought by Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Akira, and Utai,
the ISS kit main body had been destroyed. All the terminals—the
black eyeballs that parasitized Ash Roller, Magenta Scissor, and
dozens of other kit users—had now been completely wiped out.
There would be no more threat of Dark Shot or Dark Blow in duels,
nor any spread of the kit infection.
But they had a new problem. Wolfram Cerberus had vanished due to
a forced disconnect in a state of near death, with a mere ten Burst
Points remaining. And Invincible’s thruster was still in his possession.
Niko had said not to panic, but they needed to recover and purify the
stolen thruster as soon as possible. Some element of the Armor of
Catastrophe, Mark II, likely remained in the Enhanced Armament,
and knowing the Acceleration Research Society, they would try to
use this for some new sinister design. Cerberus was…He was
Haruyuki’s rival and friend, and they needed to completely cut out
the root of the evil before Argon Array and the others toyed with him
any further.
Also, just because the ISS kits were gone didn’t mean that the
memories of the people who had used them were also gone. Some
people had experienced serious mental interference and beaten

204

down what had been friends and fellow Legion members with the
kit’s power. And some had forcibly infected Burst Linkers around
them with the kits.
What would Magenta Scissor and Olive Grab do now? Did they still
have somewhere left to go? He hoped they could come to a
consensus that it was the Acceleration Research Society they should
turn their hatred toward. They were the ones who had disseminated
the ISS kits. The crimes of former users should no longer be a
question. But he would have to wait for the decision of the kings.
And kings…the White King and her abrupt appearance in the local
net duel…She was Kuroyukihime’s parent and real-life older sister,
and now the shocking fact that she was also the president of the
Acceleration Research Society had been made clear, but Haruyuki
couldn’t decide how to process this. If they denounced her without a
scrap of physical evidence, there was the risk that this could be used
against them at a moment’s notice as a pretext to expel Nega
Nebulus. In the end, he had to leave this, too, to Kuroyukihime and
Fuko.
In short, there was nothing Haruyuki could do right now. The
recovery of the thruster, getting Cerberus away from the Society, the
condemnation of the White King—these were all problems he could
do nothing about on his own. And he had only destroyed the Armor
of Catastrophe, Mark II, somehow because Niko, Pard, Takumu,
Chiyuri, and…Metatron had helped him.
Haruyuki squeezed his eyes shut tightly.
The Archangel Metatron had helped Haruyuki time and time again,
and now she was gone. Faced with this fact once more, his eyes grew
hot. In subjective time, it had been a mere three, four hours earlier
that they’d first exchanged words before fighting together, and then
she’d disappeared. That was it. And she wasn’t even a Burst Linker.
So why did he feel such a strong sense of loss?

205

It has to be because I was happy, Haruyuki answered the question
he had posed. All this time, the Enemies have only been rivals to
defeat. And then one talked to me—a powerful Legend-class, the
terrifying guard of the impenetrable fortress Midtown Tower. I was so
happy she talked to me—that she became my friend.
No. That’s just me finding a reason after the fact. The truth is that I
really liked Metatron…When he lifted his eyelids, the tears that had
filled his eyes absorbed the yellow light shining in through the
window, making it flicker and sway.
Metatron had been chasing after the reason the Accelerated World
was created and the meaning of her eight thousand years of life. She
said she wouldn’t care if it meant her own extinction even, as long as
she got to see the end of the world…
Haruyuki had been able to communicate to her the immensity of the
real world that existed outside the Accelerated World. The nearly
limitless scale of the time that had passed up to that point in the real
world; that would continue onward from that moment as well.
Through the high-performance glass, he could just barely hear the
sounds of traffic on Kannana Street. Right about now, the families
enjoying a Sunday of shopping in the mall on the ground floor were
probably heading home. In this place where Jomon children of eight
thousand years ago ran around, where warriors ran wild a thousand
years ago on horseback—in this burned-out field of the firebombings
a hundred years ago where Haruyuki, Chiyuri, and Takumu had
played hide-and-seek ten years ago, time continued to flow. In the
real world…and in the Accelerated World.
Maybe I’ll go say good-bye, he suddenly thought.
Utai and Kuroyukihime had told him to make sure to rest, but they’d
forgive him, surely, for just a little dive—thirty minutes or maybe an
hour. And for the fact that he used ten points. Because Metatron
definitely would have been their comrade, too.

206

He closed his eyes, and the tears that built up there flowed down his
cheeks. Not bothering to wipe these away, Haruyuki murmured
softly, “Unlimited Burst.”

207

The Unlimited Neutral Field he returned to after three and a half
hours in real-world time was dyed a pure white. He touched the
crystals of snow falling soundlessly from the ashen sky with an
outstretched palm, and they immediately melted and vanished. The
skyscraper condo that rose up at his feet had transformed into an
enormous mass of ice.
An Ice stage. Given that the stage did not allow entry into buildings,
he had appeared on the roof of the condo.
“So there was a Change, huh?” he muttered, but that was only
natural. Three and a half real hours was equivalent to about 146 days
in the Accelerated World. He slowly lowered himself onto the ice
block, covered in about twenty centimeters of snow. Metal-color
avatars did have resistance to ice damage, but that didn’t mean they
didn’t feel the cold. But right now, he felt fond of even the chill that
pricked at his nervous system.
“You said you hated the Hell stage, but I wonder what you thought of
the Ice stage,” he spoke to himself as he pulled up a lump of snow
with both hands. There was no voice in return, but this was
Metatron. Her entire body was a snowy white. He was sure she had
liked this pure-white world. Still sitting on the edge of the roof, he
stared to the southwest.
The falling snow obstructed his view, so he couldn’t even see the
government building in Shinjuku. But in that direction lay Tokyo
Midtown, where they had fought a fierce battle with Metatron’s first
form…and farther beyond that was the old Tokyo Tower and Shiba
Park.
“I wanted to see what your Castle was like…”

208

Now that he thought about it, although he’d been to the old Tokyo
Tower where Fuko had set up her hermitage any number of times,
he’d never even seen the entrance to the dungeon below Shiba Park.
But he probably wouldn’t visit it now. The masterless Castle would
only make his sadness grow.
And then Haruyuki suddenly realized. Maybe he didn’t need to get
Chiyuri to use Citron Call? When an Enemy was defeated, it came
back when a Change happened. Metatron’s true body—her second
form—had not once been defeated in eight thousand years, but the
same rule had to apply to her, too, didn’t it? In other words, it was
possible that, at that moment, the master had come back to the
lowest level of the Shiba Park dungeon.
“……”
He scattered his momentarily rising hope with a sigh into the chill air.
Even if she had come back, it was undoubtedly a “new” Metatron.
Not the Being who fought her own destiny and longed to see the
edges of the world, but an Enemy who simply and faithfully executed
its orders to attack any visiting Burst Linkers.
“…Why?” Haruyuki muttered hoarsely. “Why…did you…?”
The person he spoke to was not Metatron. It was the unknown
developer who had created the Accelerated World—Brain Burst
2039, along with Accel Assault 2038 and Cosmos Corrupt 2040.
“Why did you give Metatron a mind? For what reason did you give
her the power to think…the ability to worry, feel pain, have hope?
Why did you give her the courage to save a speck of dirt like me…a
soul…? Why did you give her love?!” He beat his clenched fists
against the ice. The large, strong building of the Ice stage didn’t so
much as shudder. He brought it down again and then a third time,
and a sharp pain ran through his fist, but he paid it no mind and kept
punching. “Why…why…why?!”

209

A small crack ran across the armor of his right fist. An agony like he
was being stabbed with ice needles raced along his virtual nerves.
But it was not enough. Not by a long shot.
That moment, back then.
He’d only watched at that moment, when Metatron transformed her
own self into energy and fired Trisagion. He’d only felt her dedication
and annihilation from close-up. Wasn’t there actually something he
could have done?
Incarnate energy if there wasn’t enough sunlight. His own spirit
when his imagination was used up. Hadn’t there still been a way he
could have fought alongside her rather than just being protected by
her, even it meant he totally fried his nervous system?
“But…But I…!!” He beat down on the ice as hard as he could.
Concentric cracks raced outward in the blue mass of ice, and minute
fragments of his silver armor scattered. His health gauge decreased,
and an intense pain pierced his head.
Again. And again.
The armor on his hands peeled away to reveal the dark gray of his
avatar’s naked body. If he kept hitting the ice, his arms themselves
would shatter and scatter. But he didn’t care. He would keep tasting
this pain until he himself was gone.
As if in response to Haruyuki’s feelings, a strong wind started to
blow, and a snowstorm fell upon the stage. Wrapped in swirling
white flakes, he moved to bring his peeling fists down hard on the ice
again.
…still…there.
He felt like he heard someone’s voice from far off in the distance
somewhere. He stopped breathing. Hands still in the air, he cleared

210

his ears. In the middle of the roaring snowstorm, he desperately
sought out the voice.
…you’re…still…there.
It was calm—a silky-smooth mezzo-soprano. A female voice…but
different from Metatron’s sweet, clear soprano. It wasn’t
Kuroyukihime’s or Fuko’s or the voice of anyone Haruyuki knew.
“Who are you…?” he asked hoarsely, slowly lowering his hands.
“What’s still there…?”
…am…terasu. Meta…sworn friend.
Like tuning an old radio transmission, the voice gradually grew
louder and clearer. Haruyuki forgot about the pain in his hands and
focused his mind intently.
…The link to…Meta…core is…still inside y…
…It depends on you whether the core can be recovered. On the
strength of this power you all call Incarnate.
…There’s not much time left. Before the core vanishes…
…Reach out your hand. If you…then…surely…
The voice receded rapidly and disappeared.
No matter how hard he listened, all he could hear was the roar of the
blizzard. He almost believed it had been an auditory hallucination
brought on by his endless regret, but it couldn’t have been. The link
with Metatron was still inside Haruyuki. The mysterious voice’s
proclamation had been entirely unexpected.
“Inside…of me…,” he muttered, dumbfounded, and then clenched
his hands together tightly. Metatron’s core could be recovered if he
had enough Incarnate power…That’s what the voice had said. And
also that there was no time.

211

If there was even a chance, he had to take it. But he didn’t know
what he should do. To activate the Incarnate System, a focused
imagination was necessary. But he had absolutely no idea what the
shape of the image would be or its target…
He was on the verge of looking around to try to find the someone
who had told him this, but he restrained himself. There’s no one but
me here. The only one who can reach out to Metatron is me. This is a
time when I have to think by myself, work by myself, and make it
happen by myself. My promise to Metatron…the promise to see the
end of the world together, it’s now.
If he still had a connection with Metatron, then the key to it was the
wings. The Enhanced Armament, Metatron Wings, that the
Archangel had loaned him—the wings that had saved Haruyuki from
a crashing death in the final moments of the battle with Mark II.
He knelt on the ice, clasped his hands together in front of his face,
and imagined them. Elegant, sharp, pure-white wings stretching out
a little above his shoulder blades. Metatron had warned him of
danger any number of times through those wings. That
sensation…that connection, one more time.
He closed his eyes. The raging storm, the pain in his hands, the cold
enveloping his body—it all receded. In the darkness, the image of
transient wings stretching out. The image of rising up higher and
higher until he reached the end of this world. The image of breaking
out of the Mean Field, the Unlimited Neutral Field…Flying to the
Highest Level…
“Metatron.
“Can you hear me, Metatron?
“I’m here. I’ve spread the wings you gave me, and I’m flying through
the world you loved.
“And I’m reaching a hand out to you.”

212

Shik!
A small star flickered in the distance in the infinite darkness. A white
light so ephemeral, so weak it looked like it would disappear at any
second…but from it came a hazy warmth.
Flapping his wings as hard as he could, Haruyuki reached out. Fwnk,
fwnk. The flickering light was so far away, and his arms were far too
short. But distance wasn’t the problem. If he believed he could
reach…If he changed all the energy his mind produced into the
power of belief—if he could just reach out a little farther, a little bit
more…See?
Gently, softly, he wrapped the light up in the palms of his hands. And
opened his eyes.
The dancing snowflakes. The smashed ice floor. And icicles hanging
from his hands, frozen hard—still clasped together. Slowly, he pulled
his hands apart. Icicles dropped off, hit the ground, and shattered.
Bit by little bit, he opened his hands up.
But there was nothing there. The whirling snow stuck to his gray
palms and colored them white. Was it all an illusion? A brief dream
he’d had in the freezing storm?
No. A tiny point of light, smaller than a single ice crystal, shone
faintly in the center of his palm.
Shik, shik. It flickered on a definite cycle, like a beacon to guide
travelers through the blizzard. Or like the pulsing of a heart.
Curling up his hand to protect the spot of light from the cold,
Haruyuki gently exhaled. The flashing gradually grew faster. The
cycle of once per second became three times…and then ten. Finally,
Haruyuki’s eye was no longer able to perceive the amplitude as it
stabilized into a state of continuous light.

213

The light puffed out to become a ring about two centimeters across.
Below the ring, a long, slender spindle appeared. And then two small
wings stretched out from either side of that. The entire thing was
tinged with a milky-white light.
There was no way he was seeing wrong. This was the threedimensional icon of Metatron that had guided Haruyuki in the
Acceleration Research Society headquarters. Was it the real thing?
Or a momentary vision produced by his imagination?
Ever so timidly, he moved his hand to gently stroke the spindle with
his index finger. He touched it. It had substance. And a hazy heat that
penetrated the core of his body.
“…Meta. Tron…,” he said in a shaking voice, going to touch the icon
again.
“Such…insolence!!”
A powerful scolding voice slammed into the center of his brain, and
Haruyuki reeled, landing on his backside. The icon slipped from his
palm and began to hover about ten centimeters above his head,
vibrating its wings.
“Do you think a servant such as yourself is permitted to touch me in
such a fashion, Silver Crow?! As punishment for this rude act, I shall
extend your period of service to me by five hundred years!!”
“……”
For a moment, he stared up at the icon, dumbfounded. And then
abruptly, his field of view warped. Beneath his goggles, he felt hot
liquid spilling from his eye lenses. These fell from the bottom of his
face mask and instantly melted the snow piled up on his avatar’s
armor. The hot tears welled up one after another.
It wasn’t a vision. Just as the mysterious voice had told him, she
hadn’t vanished. The details of the logic weren’t clear, but the link

214

with Haruyuki had remained, and on the brink of extinction,
Metatron’s spirit had been revived by his activation of that circuit.
Unable to speak, he simply let the tears spill from his eyes, and
Metatron’s tone softened just a little.
“At any rate, it should have been possible to guess that I had evaded
complete extinction at the point when the wings I loaned you remained
even after the link was cut. To begin with, it’s quite impossible for me
to disappear in a battle with an enemy on that level. You are my
servant; understand at least the scale of your master’s power.
However, that said, I shall commend you on being able to reestablish
the link with me. Unfortunately, at the moment, I am unable to bestow
a proper reward…”
That was the limit. Unable to hold back the emotions that swelled up
in him, Haruyuki reached out, wrapped his arms around the icon, and
hugged it to his chest.

215

216

“Ah! Come now! What are you doing?!”
Feeling fond of the vibration of the small wings and the hazy warmth
of the light, he murmured, “Welcome back, Metatron. I’m so glad
that you’re…you’re…” He managed to get that far somehow, but his
sobs got in the way, and the rest of his sentence failed to become
words.
As the storm started to calm, he curled into a ball on top of the ice
and wept. He sobbed out loud like a small child. The vibration in the
palm of his hand changed to a gentle pulsation, as if she had resigned
herself to this indignity or to soothe him, and the spindle got a little
hotter. The gentle warmth eased the pain in his injured hands.
Without noticing that the snow had stopped at some point, the sun
shining through gaps in the thick clouds, Haruyuki continued to cry
for a long time.
(The End)

217

Thank you so much for reading Accel World 16: Snow White’s
Slumber. I had a hazy image of the scene in this volume where Snow
White, aka Shirayukihime, appears back when I was writing the first
volume, Kuroyukihime’s Return. Volume 1 was published in February
2009, but I submitted it for the fifteenth Dengeki Novel Prize with a
deadline of April of the previous year, so I actually started writing it
in the fall of 2007. In other words (counting on my fingers)…that was
more than six years ago at the moment when I am writing this
afterword in December 2013, hmm?
When I was writing the manuscript for the first volume, although I
imagined where the story would end up, I had neither the will nor
the intention to continue writing it up to that point, so I am deeply
grateful that I was finally able to make it to that scene after the
undeserved honor of the prize, having the book published by
Dengeki Bunko, being supported by so many readers, and telling this
tale for six years and sixteen volumes. Accel World is truly a blessed
work. I cannot begin to express my gratitude to everyone who’s
supported me.
…Blah blah blah—I write like it’s the last book, but that is absolutely
not the case. (*sweats*) And just when the great
Shirayukihime/Snow White finally makes an appearance, she
basically shows her face and then immediately leaves. And there’s
still tons of mysteries, all kinds of problems that have just piled up…
The truth is, this isn’t the time to get all maudlin, is it? The ISS kit arc
that was at last resolved in this volume started in Volume 11, which
came out in April 2012, so I’ve had all of you spending a full year and
a half with those black eyeballs. Frighteningly, in the calendar in the
story, Volume 11 begins on June 23, 2047, and Volume 16 begins on
June 30, so time has only advanced a week over six volumes…And
Volume 6, when the Armor of Catastrophe arc started, was on the

218

sixteenth of the same month! No wonder it seemed like it was
always raining!
That said, I sincerely apologize for the fact that although I announced
in the afterword of Volume 14 that the arc would end in the next
book, it clearly did not—and that the afterword of Volume 15 ended
up being two Accel Lunch comics. We’ve finally reached a place
where we can take a breath, but the story will still continue. A
brighter story in which there is no Armor or eyeballs…or that’s the
plan anyway. At the very least, I think the rainy season will be over!
Thank you to my illustrator, HIMA, who I always cause problems for
as my schedule delays become chronic, and my editors, Miki and
Tsuchiya! And all you readers, I look forward to our sixth year
together!
Reki Kawahara
On a certain day in December 2013

219

To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels
from Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign
up for the Yen Press newsletter.
Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink

220

Just Light Novels

Stay up to date on Light Novel Updates
by Joining our DISCORD group

221

