1
“Why…?”
Haruyuki had no choice but to listen to the cracked, broken voice
that spilled from his throat. “Why would you…Chiyu…?”
The chill wind of the Purgatory stage ripped away his hollow
question and blew it toward the yellow sky, but no reply came.
Standing motionless on the school roof, the avatar the color of
new leaves—Lime Bell/Chiyuri Kurashima—lowered her face to
avoid Haruyuki’s eyes. She slumped to the concrete beneath her
with a soft clack, still clutching the iron railing with her right
hand.
But instead of Chiyuri’s voice, a deep, twisted laugh echoed a
response.
“Feh…heh-heh…!”
Flat on his back nearby, arms and legs splayed, the dusk-colored avatar shook his lens-shaped mask back and forth. “Ehheh…
heh. This…This is incredible…This is restoration…Truly a miraculous power! Heh-heh, ha-ha-ha!”
The avatar continued to laugh quietly, and his body—newly restored to perfect health—glittered a glossy blackish purple as if
the incredible injuries he had sustained mere minutes ago had
never happened. The healing didn’t stop at his body; even the destroyed flamethrower of his right arm had been restored to mint
condition.
After a fierce struggle on the field of Umesato Junior High,

Haruyuki/Silver Crow and Takumu/Cyan Pile had crushed the
twilight avatar Dusk Taker. Haruyuki had ripped his arms off in
an air battle, and Takumu had impaled him with his special attack when Nomi/Dusk Taker crashed to the ground. Together,
they had beaten him down to the point where a single hit with a
normal attack would wipe out what little remained of his HP
gauge. Now they simply stood frozen in place behind him.
Because Lime Bell had appeared out of nowhere to interrupt
them from the roof. Her left arm sent a shower of light raining
down on Dusk Taker, bringing his HP back up to full in an instant. Even his right arm was back in its socket, good as new.
“Why…Why, Chi?!” Haruyuki screamed as if to split his throat
in two, turning his eyes back up toward the school.
Dusk Taker was the enemy. And Seiji Nomi, the new seventh
grader behind the avatar, didn’t appear on the matching list, despite the fact that he was in possession of Brain Burst. Instead, he
made profligate use of his acceleration ability in kendo matches
and on tests. He had even gone so far as to set a trap for
Haruyuki, backing him into a terrible corner where he was on the
verge of being expelled from school. And then, using his special
attack Demonic Commandeer, he had stolen Silver Crow’s wings
in a duel.
Spirit shattered by this loss, Haruyuki had somehow managed
to yank himself to his feet again and undergo an agonizing struggle to gain a new power to replace his wings. Broken and battered
though he was from all this, victory had been within reach only
moments earlier. So why, after all that, did Chiyuri have to interfere?
Plunged into a hell of confusion, Haruyuki could do nothing
more than open his eyes wide beneath his silver mask and stare
intently at Lime Bell.
Chiyuri didn’t even open her mouth. She simply tightened her

grip on the railing and kept her face hidden beneath the brim of
her large hat. He could see her slender shoulders trembling—like
she was fighting some impulse inside herself.
Why? It’s obvious. The sudden insight struck Haruyuki, a bolt
of lightning. Nomi. Seiji Nomi probably talked to her during
lunch today and demanded that she obey him. Nomi had found
her weak point, just like he had with Haruyuki, and was threatening her with something. That was the only possible explanation.
Yanking his gaze back to the field, Haruyuki watched Dusk
Taker, still lying on his back laughing raspily, spread the black
wings on his back. Cut from the cloth of darkness itself, the wings
beat the air, and the slim avatar slowly began to stand, drawn up
by invisible threads.
“Feh-heh-heh…Hmn, hn-hn-hn-hm…” The smug, throaty
chuckling rapidly grew louder. Reddish-purple orbs flickered
brightly beneath the illuminated compound eye of his visor. “Hmhm, ha-ha-ha-ha! First flying. Now healing. Two very rare powers. And now both of them are mine.”
After floating to his feet, the avatar drifted up another thirty
centimeters and came to a halt. Throwing his regenerated arms
out to his sides, Dusk Taker turned claw-shaped fingers skyward.
An inky, dark aura gushed from his hands like a viscous liquid.
“Aah…I feel so good! The delight of plunder! Taking someone’s
dreams, their hopes, their possibilities, and trampling them! This
feeling of omniscience, I simply can’t get enough of it!!”
The ugly joy in a young boy’s voice became a physical pressure
and radiated through the field, causing Haruyuki’s injury-riddled
avatar to reel. Paying no mind to this, however, Haruyuki forced
himself to speak, his voice stained with a myriad of emotions.
“You.” He took a step toward the blackish-purple avatar floating
high above him. “Nomi. What did you do? What did you do to
Chiyu?!”

Dusk Taker languidly turned his head to gaze down at
Haruyuki. Thin eyes within the half-closed spherical visor blinked
with exaggerated slowness. A poisonous, deeply scornful smile
grew wordlessly until it filled his face.
Haruyuki’s field of view was suddenly dyed bloodred. All the
confused emotion in his heart had snapped into laser focus upon
a single point: an overwhelming loathing of all that was Seiji
Nomi.
“No…miii…,” Haruyuki growled, unconsciously arranging the
remaining fingers of his right hand into the shape of a sword.
Veeeeen! The squeal of resonance rang in his ears; a silver light
flickered at his fingertips.
But the light wouldn’t stabilize, as though the swirling hatred
in his heart were static that prevented him from creating the
image of his silver sword. Regardless, Haruyuki brandished his
right arm and moved to slash Dusk Taker out of the sky.
“Unh…Aaaaaaah!!” A blue shadow streaked past Haruyuki’s
right side, together with a cry like vomiting blood.
Cyan Pile. The heavyweight avatar plunged forward, armor
scorched and still smoking from the earlier fight, and the earth
shook in his wake. “You…made Chi cryyyyyy!!”
Takumu never lost his cool, no matter what the situation. He
was generally the one who kept Haruyuki’s own violence in check,
and yet here he was now, hurtling recklessly toward Nomi,
screaming like a child.
Even with the equivalent of a tank charging at him, Dusk
Taker didn’t flinch. He casually raised a slender hand and spread
the sharply pointed fingers. “Be gone,” he spat.
Zzraa! At the strange vibration noise, his right hand was
cloaked in a pulsing, glittering purple emptiness. The pulsation

quickly changed shape to become claws—sickles slithering out
from the tips of his fingers. Five of these long, curving claws lazily
wrapped themselves around Cyan Pile’s charging bulk and made
contact in five places—both sides of the neck, the right flank, left
shoulder, and the left flank—and then slid smoothly together. It
was a fist clenching, as if Cyan Pile were nothing more than butter.
Haruyuki groaned silently as the blue, heavyweight avatar’s
torso was sliced into pieces. Head and arms flew off into space,
terrifying cascades of sparks bursting from the stumps. They
grazed past Dusk Taker and dropped heavily to the ground behind him, inert. Eventually, Takumu’s still-sprinting lower half
collapsed with a thud.
After a small lag—a lag that seemed to say, The severing came
before the system could even confirm the damage—Cyan Pile’s
HP gauge slid into a precipitous drop. Halved, the bar turned yellow; at 20 percent remaining, red; and still it plummeted—
—to zero.
The remains of the divided avatar exploded into pale polygon
fragments and scattered. Before Haruyuki’s eyes, a system message popped up to the effect that Dusk Taker had destroyed Cyan
Pile.
“…Keh…Keh-heh, hah-ha!” The voice that dripped from the
twilight avatar sneered. “Losers…Why do you suppose they’re just
so funny? I mean, they don’t even attempt to recognize defeat.
They simply flounder as he did in such an unsightly fashion until,
in the end, even their pride is taken from them. I really thought
Mayuzumi was more intelligent. Quite disillusioning. Well, I suppose he was the muscle-bound, macho avatar, after all, right up to
his brain. Hmn-hm-hm, heh-heh, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
Dusk Taker laughed loudly, a pronounced dark aura radiating
from both arms.

Bathed in this sneering condescension, Haruyuki stared for a
few seconds at the spot where Takumu had disappeared, and then
looked up at Chiyuri, still crouched down on the school roof. As
Haruyuki stood rooted to the spot, the silver light in his right
hand flickered and disappeared.
It wasn’t that he had lost the will to fight. Just the opposite, in
fact. A ferocious destructive impulse ripped through his avatar
like a raging fire, shaking Haruyuki to his bones.
I hate him. I want to break him. I want to beat the crap out of
this duel avatar Dusk Taker—no, the consciousness of Seiji Nomi
living inside the avatar. I want to slice it up, rip it to pieces, and
dance on the remains.
This world was not a virtual game field anymore, the battle no
longer an exchange of damage points. Until that moment,
Haruyuki had never felt actual hatred toward an enemy who
crushed him in any game, including Brain Burst, much less hatred toward the actual flesh-and-blood player controlling that
enemy. But right now was different. The black loathing coursing
through his veins burned far more hotly than the flame of regret.
THEN DESTROY HIM, someone whispered out of the blue,
right behind him. DESTROY HIM, EAT HIM. DEVOUR HIS
FLESH, DRINK HIM DRY OF BLOOD, TAKE EVERYTHING.
The voice was familiar. Haruyuki had definitely heard this
twisted, low sound and its metallic overtones at some point,
somewhere. However, before his brain could arrive at the memory of where exactly, he felt an intense cold, like being pierced
with a needle of ice, in the middle of his back. Drilling deep between his shoulder blades, the ice penetrated to his heart before
dissipating into a liquid-metal chill throughout his body.
A bone-chillingly cold hunger merged with his molten hatred,
and his field of vision narrowed sharply. The metallic green

ground of the Purgatory stage, the organic structure of the school,
Lime Bell’s head hanging on its roof—all disappeared beyond a
swaying curtain of darkness. He could see nothing but Dusk
Taker, still chuckling with his high-pitched scorn.
“Noo…mii.”
A groan colored by the same metallic effect as the voice he had
just heard crawled out from his throat.
“Nomi…You…bastaaard…”
Haruyuki dumped—forced—his raging emotions into the tip of
his remaining hand.
Activating the Incarnate System—a technique allowing players
to interfere with Brain Burst’s Image Control System to bring
about a reality outside of the game’s framework—required a very
deep mental focus. Appropriately, the “light sword” Haruyuki
manifested with his will had disappeared the instant this loathing
of Nomi had flooded him.
Nevertheless.
Zrrk! A long sword stretched from Silver Crow’s right hand
abruptly. But not in its former snow-white state: The blade in his
hand was jet-black. It absorbed and thereby erased all light, a
hungry darkness deeper than the midnight purple of the claws
Nomi had materialized.
“Hmm?” Dusk Taker stopped laughing as he noticed the unusual change in Silver Crow. “Oh my. You’re not still thinking of
trying something, are you, Arita? Perhaps you plan to join in with
your partner in solidarity and expose me to the same shameful
sight?”
Haruyuki didn’t have the mental leeway to respond to this
sneering. His own thoughts were entirely swallowed up by the

sword that was in his right hand. All that existed now was the singular urge to slice up and destroy the enemy before him.
YES. EAT HIM. EAT HIM. DEVOUR HIM, the brutal voice inside his head whispered.
Urged on, he staggered ahead, planting his forward foot.
Immediately after, he kicked off the ground like a rocket.
“Unh…Aaaaaaah!!” Roaring, he brandished the dark sword
high, high above his head. Putting everything—attack speed, his
avatar’s weight, his raging hatred—on the tip of this sword,
Haruyuki slashed downward at the face mask of the floating Dusk
Taker.
Kendo player that he was, Nomi should have had no trouble
avoiding his completely obvious, head-on slash attack. But the
purple avatar didn’t even attempt to dodge. Instead, he simply
opened his right hand and waited for the black blade, ready to
grab it just as he had Cyan Pile.
The sword materialized by Haruyuki and the five sickles made
incarnate by Nomi clashed in midair.
When they fought earlier, their Incarnate attacks had bounced
back violently, fighting each other the instant they touched. This
time, however, the exact opposite occurred: The moment the inky
blade and the blackish-purple sickles collided, a darkness began
swirling from center point, threatening to devour both weapons.
“Hngh.” Dusk Taker let out a low groan. “An attack with the
same attribute…?! How can this…?” He narrowed his eyes, as if
observing the phenomenon intently.
In contrast, Haruyuki’s mind was blank as he poured every
ounce of his strength into keeping his blade from being knocked

aside.
“Unh…Hng, graah!” Grinding his teeth below his mask, he
roared, “You be gone, Nomi…Disappear! Get out of my…siiiiiiight!!”
Vwaan!! The sword of his right hand shuddered, and the vortex of darkness at the point of contact grew more and more viscous. Nomi’s long sickles crumbled at the tips, the gloom starting
to swallow them.
“Tch!” Clicking his tongue, Nomi spawned oversize purple
talons on his left hand as well and placed them over the sickles already clutching Haruyuki’s sword. The darkness, a small black
hole, twisted even more fiercely, sucking metal insects and fragments of objects up from the ground, which momentarily flashed
before disappearing entirely.
“Such insolence!!” Dusk Taker cried, and the pulsing purple
emptiness jetting from both hands grew.
“Hngaaaah!!” A beast-like roar surged from Haruyuki’s throat.
Perhaps due to an abnormal gravity calculation where they
stood, even the thick, hanging clouds began to spin slowly, drawn
down toward the earth in a funnel. The school windows shattered
one after another, a sharp light effect blew through the air, and
concentric fissures rippled the ground with lightning-like sparks.

And then several things happened all at once.
“Stop! Stop already!!” Chiyuri’s tearful scream echoed
throughout the stage.
“Go awaaaaaaay!!” Haruyuki’s thundering roar drowned her
out.
The remaining time displayed in the upper part of his vision
hit zero.
TIME UP!! The text blazed to life before his eyes, announcing the
end of the duel.
After the Battle Royale mode results screen, when the acceleration was released and Haruyuki slipped through rings of radiated light to return to the real, he couldn’t remember right away
what he had been doing before the duel had started—or, for that
matter, when or where he had been.
Stretching out before his eyes was the rubberized, reddishbrown track. Several boys in jerseys were running ahead of him.
And then Haruyuki himself was hitting the ground noisily with
his own feet. His consciousness was unable to merge completely
with the movements of his body; he was frustratingly sluggish,
and he nearly tripped and fell. But he pinwheeled his arms madly
and somehow managed to catch himself. The students sitting inside the track and the boy running alongside him burst out laughing.
Right. I was in the middle of the three-thousand-meter run.
It’s Tuesday, fifth period. The middle of gym class, he thought,
dumbfounded, before suddenly becoming aware of a magma-like
emotion erupting from the depths of his stomach. What the hell
am I doing? Gym class? Long-distance run? Who cares about all
that?! Seiji Nomi…I have to destroy him! Whatever it takes!!

“Unnh!” He couldn’t completely suppress the low moan. He
gritted his teeth, glared at the distant finish line, and poured all
this newfound fury into his limbs. The plodding sound of his feet,
scraping heavily on the track, increased in pitch. His body leaned
forward.
A red letter R blinked next to the time clock displayed in the
lower part of his vision, to let him know that he was breaking his
personal record. Unaware of even this, however, Haruyuki put
everything he had into sprinting the remaining ninety meters. He
didn’t actually overtake the students ahead of him in this last
spurt, but he was clearly closing the gap, which caused a bit of a
commotion among the boys in the class.
But Haruyuki was indifferent to their chatter, and to his new
time flashing before his eyes, the instant he crossed the finish
line. Without stopping for even a second, he just kept running in
a straight line toward the doors.
“Heeey! Where’re you going, Aritaaa? Bathroooom?” He heard
his gym teacher’s laid-back voice and the laughter of the other
students, but he ignored them both.
He was obviously not headed for the bathroom. He was going
to climb up to the third floor of the school and raid Nomi Seiji’s
classroom. He was going to pin Nomi’s flesh-and-blood body to
the ground, force him to direct, and make him unilaterally and
unconditionally surrender, this time for sure. And if he couldn’t
do that, he was going to rip Nomi’s Neurolinker off his neck,
smash it into tiny pieces, and destroy the core chip.
This kind of barbarity was absolutely necessary, wasn’t it?
After all, this was the boy who had stooped to the most cowardly
of blows: threatening Chiyuri to make her do his bidding.
Each time the intensely violent urge welled up within him, a
point in the middle of his back throbbed. Almost like the urge was
being created there, over and over again, endlessly.

“You just wait!” he spat, and pushed off the ground even more
violently—until a powerful hand from behind clamped tightly
down on his left shoulder.
“You have to stop, Haru!”
Haruyuki heard a stifled voice in his ear and reflexively put on
the brakes. Unable to stop in anything remotely resembling the
cool manner of his duel avatar, he pitched forward and was about
to fall when arms grabbed on to him and yanked him back up.
“Taku, why are you trying to stop me?!” he squeezed out
hoarsely, head hanging very low.
“If you get suspended for fighting now, the only thing that’ll
happen is Chi’s life will get a whole lot worse!” Takumu
Mayuzumi replied, holding Haruyuki’s left arm with his own
muscular right.
“Her life’s bad enough as it is! Nomi—he threatened Chiyu and
forced her to do what he told her! You just gonna let him get away
with that?!” Haruyuki whirled around to look at Takumu and saw
that the normally clear gaze in his eyes was twisted in agony behind his sport glasses. Haruyuki swallowed his breath.
Right. It wasn’t like Takumu had no feelings. In his heart, he
had to be even more worried about Chiyuri than Haruyuki was,
and burning with rage at Nomi’s tricks besides. But at the same
time, his old friend was also worried about him—despite the fact
that Haruyuki himself had been simply spurred on by anger,
without giving the slightest thought to Takumu.
His back throbbed again, but this was the last time, and the violent impulse receded like a storm. After inhaling deeply and exhaling through his trembling throat, Haruyuki relaxed his shoulders and sighed. “But, I mean, you, you went flying at Nomi before I did.”

Takumu let out a short, bitter laugh. “Seriously. How many
years has it been since I lost it like that…”
Haruyuki felt the ill will that had hung between them melt
away—the one that had been there since they’d argued at his
house the day Nomi stole his wings. They stood in the corner of
the schoolyard in the silence that followed for a while, but finally,
with everyone apparently having finished their runs on the track
behind them, the teacher clapped his hands to call the students
all together.
“Shall we go back, Haru?”
Haruyuki nodded slowly at the words and added in a quiet
voice, “You tell Chiyu. Tell her no matter what Nomi said to her,
she definitely does not have to obey him.”
“Yeah, I got it. I’ll— No, we’ll protect Chi.”
They met each other’s eyes for a moment and then turned on
their heels.
Haruyuki glared up at the third floor of the school one final
time and then murmured in the depths of his heart, Nomi, you
did something that should never, ever be done. From this moment on, the fight with you is a death match, no time limit. If it
kills me, I will destroy whatever you are using to block accelerated duels. I will devote my life to hunting and fighting you until
one of us has no more burst points.
Grinding his teeth, Haruyuki began to walk back to his class
alongside Takumu.
But a mere ten minutes later, everything skidded off the rails
in a totally unexpected direction.
Fifth period was barely over before Haruyuki and Takumu

were dashing over to the gym on the other side of the main school
building. They spotted Chiyuri just as she was coming out of the
hallway between the two buildings and beckoned her urgently
from the shadow of a pillar.
Still in her T-shirt and shorts, she froze when she saw them.
Which was only natural. Only a few minutes earlier, she had
dived into the field of an actual battle for the first time and been
forced to heal their enemy Dusk Taker. As a result, Takumu aka
Cyan Pile had lost when his HP gauge hit zero, Haruyuki aka Silver Crow had lost by decision when time ran out, and both of
them had had their points taken by Nomi.
However, they did their best to make their faces say that they
didn’t come to yell at her about it. Haruyuki kept moving his
arms, while an awkward smile forced its way onto his lips.
Chiyuri looked down as if to avoid his eyes, but finally, she said
something to her classmates headed for the locker room and
broke off from them, approaching Haruyuki and Takumu.
When he saw Chiyuri’s cheeks pale despite the fact that she
had just been doing serious physical activity, his intense rage toward Nomi erupted in his heart again. Takumu, next to him, also
clenched his fists tightly before taking a deep breath and opening
his mouth.
“Chi. I think I already understand why you did what you did.
Which is why I just came to say: You don’t need to do what he
tells you to.”
“Th-that’s right,” Haruyuki added earnestly. “Right about now,
he should be shaking in his boots at the power you have. I mean,
with the power to not only recover HP but even destroy weapons,
we could put up a real fight against him—no, we could win!”
Chiyuri furrowed her brow momentarily. It was her habit
when she was thinking about something but unsure about that
something. A few seconds later, she uttered her first words. “No,

that’s not it.”
“Huh? Th-that’s not it?” Baffled, he simply parroted her words
back in question form, and Chiyuri changed suddenly, a fierce
light glittering in both eyes.
“That’s not it,” she repeated, looking at Haruyuki and Takumu
in turn. “Nomi’s not forcing me to do anything.”
“Chi…Th-then what…?” It was Takumu’s turn to be stunned.
He blinked rapidly as he took a step toward her.
Chiyuri pulled back, out of reach. “Nomi asked me,” she
replied, quietly but clearly, “to join him. He said I’d be his personal healer and he’d make sure I got a ton of points. And it’s
fine, right? Not like I’m in your Legion or anything yet.” She took
another step away from her friends, who were rooted to the spot
in astonishment, before continuing. “From now on, we probably
shouldn’t have any kind of contact with Nega Nebulus. Because
we’re all out in the real to one another. Of course, the contract between Haru and Nomi is a completely separate deal.”
His mind might have gone completely blank and been absolutely unable to grasp what was happening at that moment, but
Haruyuki still understood what this “contract” was. It was, in
other words, the agreement where Haruyuki paid Nomi ten burst
points a week in tribute for two years, so that he could eventually
get his flying ability back.
Chiyuri had no interest in fighting him and Takumu on the
battlefield. But she didn’t care about Nomi taking points from
Haruyuki. That’s what she was saying.
It was shocking, but Haruyuki was hit even harder by Chiyuri
referring to herself and Nomi as “we.” For all the years and years
he had known her up to that point, when she said “we,” she always meant Chiyuri, Haruyuki, and Takumu.

“’Kay, see you,” she said curtly, avoiding their eyes. She turned
adroitly aside and ran off toward the locker room.
All that was left of her presence was the sweet smell of milk, so
familiar to him after so long together.

2
School had been unpleasant, to say the least, and Haruyuki
trudged home, eyes on the ground, completely beaten down.
This experience was once a totally normal, run-of-the-mill
thing for him. When a bunch of kids in his grade bullied him horribly and mercilessly last year, he’d counted the paving tiles of the
sidewalk on the trek to his condo pretty much every single day.
But having Takumu—the Takumu Mayuzumi—next to him, head
hanging and dragging his feet in the exact same way, was a first.
Takumu had skipped kendo practice on the pretext that he
wasn’t feeling well, and they walked silently together on the road
from Umesato Junior High to the condo where they both lived.
“Come over,” Haruyuki said as they slipped through the front
gate.
“…Okay.” Takumu nodded listlessly, and they rode the elevator together to the twenty-third floor.
Opening the door to his empty apartment and heading into the
living room, Haruyuki dropped his bag on the floor and sat at the
dining table. Takumu sat down across from him, and for a while,
the pair simply sat in silence.
We sat facing each other like this before, too, Haruyuki
thought absently before finally realizing that this “before” had
been a mere twenty-four hours earlier—i.e., the incident after
school on Monday.
Haruyuki had fought Seiji Nomi for the first time the previous

day, during a free period, and lost the silver wings on his back to
Nomi’s special attack.
Suspecting something was up with Haruyuki and Chiyuri, who
had been there for the whole thing, Takumu came over after practice and sat down in that very spot across from him. Haruyuki
was in a sadistic, self-torturing kind of mood and said some terrible things to Takumu. For his trouble, he received a solid fist to
the face. After that, he jumped on a bus to Shibuya and despairingly threw himself into an accelerated duel. His old enemy, the
bike-riding Ash Roller, cursed Haruyuki and his apathetic attitude before dragging him to the old Tokyo Tower in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
There, he was brought face-to-face with Ash Roller’s guardian
and former Nega Nebulus member, Sky Raker. She taught
Haruyuki about the Incarnate System, a Burst Linker’s ultimate
power, and marched him through an extremely Spartan training
regime so he could learn to use it.
For him to really grasp the first step toward the power of will,
it took a full week in the Accelerated World, where his consciousness was accelerated by a factor of a thousand. Which is why, in a
certain sense, it was only natural that he felt like the whole thing
with Takumu and everything else had happened ages ago.
Unconsciously, Haruyuki raised his right hand and ran his fingers first over his lower jaw, where Nomi had punched him during the break the day before, and then his right cheek, where
Takumu had hit him after school. There was hardly any visible
trace of either anymore, but a convulsion of pain shot through
him. He could accelerate his mental state and lock himself up in
that other world all he wanted, but it wouldn’t heal the wounds to
his physical body—his actual pain.
This gesture as he replayed recent events caught his friend’s
eye. “Haru, I told you when I hit you that I didn’t care who Chi
was with, so long as she was happy,” Takumu said with a self-

deprecating laugh. “But I take it back. There’s pretty much no
way I can accept this. I mean, Chi partnering up with that Seiji
Nomi kid.”
“Forget accepting it,” Haruyuki responded hollowly, dropping
his hand to the table. “I can’t even believe it. I mean, it’s true
there’s no rule in Brain Burst saying you have to be on the same
team as your friends in the real or anything, but…I just can’t believe Chiyu’s so focused on points, she’d betray us to join Nomi…”
“Well, from a points perspective, hooking up with Nomi’s definitely going to be more effective than joining us. Now that he’s
got your wings, Haru, Dusk Taker’s battle power’s way over the
top. And if he makes his duel debut with the healer Lime Bell on
his team, there’s not a midrange Burst Linker who could seriously
take them on.”
“Considering how depressed you are about it, that’s a pretty
levelheaded judgment, Professor.” Now it was Haru with the wry
smile playing on his lips, but a sigh soon pushed that aside. “But
still, Taku…This is Chiyu we’re talking about here. Chiyu, the girl
who completely does not get games at all. I swear, she could even
get her entire party wiped out in a story-mode battle in an RPG.
You think she actually has any idea about the most effective way
to get points?”
“I—I don’t, not really. Dammit…”
As Haruyuki talked with his best friend, the shock of Chiyuri’s
declaration of farewell eased, if only slightly, and in a very muted
way; slowly, he pulled himself to his feet and headed for the
kitchen.
He took a frozen pizza box out of the large freezer and tossed it
in the microwave before taking out a bottle of oolong tea and
grabbing two glasses to go with it. He carried these out to the
table, along with the pizza—which had finished defrosting and
cooking in mere minutes—and set everything down.

“Thanks,” Takumu murmured as he poured oolong tea in his
glass.
Opening the box, Haruyuki grabbed a slice of the seafood
pizza, and just as he was about to shove the tip, with its thin, dangling strings of cheese, into his mouth, he suddenly heard a voice.
Aah! You’re eating this stuff again! Well, I guess I’ll just have
to get Mom to make you something.
But of course, it was not a real voice or even a PCM file played
back by his Neurolinker. The flavor of the lasagna Chiyuri had
brought over only a few days earlier came back to life on his
tongue, and he took a huge bite of the mass-produced pizza to try
and kill it.
As he chewed on the strangely salty pizza, head in his hand, he
heard the sniffling back of snot. He raised his eyes slowly to witness Takumu, head also hanging, mouth also masticating pizza,
rub his eyes intently beneath his glasses.
Abruptly, a completely different pain pierced his heart.
Taku’s always so calm and collected, and so clever he runs
circles around me. But he definitely can’t take a real hit.
He tried to do everything he could to help me after my wings
got stolen and I got reckless. So now it’s my turn. It’s my turn to
cheer him up and have his back, Haruyuki murmured to himself.
He closed his eyes, scarfed down the rest of his pizza, drained his
glass of oolong tea, and slammed it back down on the table.
“Taku!” he shouted. Takumu’s shoulders shot up and he
turned red eyes on Haruyuki. Meeting those eyes squarely, he
continued, “Taku, I believe in Chiyu! Which is why I don’t believe
what she said!”
“Huh?”

“I said it before, didn’t I? Joining up with Nomi because she
wants points? That’s not like Chiyu at all. So we just scrap that
possibility completely. Probably—no, I’m like ninety percent sure
that our first guess was the truth. Nomi’s threatening Chiyu to
make her his partner, and he forced her to tell us that. That just
makes so much more sense. Doesn’t it?” Still holding his glass,
Haruyuki laid out his thinking confidently.
Takumu considered this carefully. “Mm-hmm,” he responded
eventually, in a tone that was more or less back to his usual calm
voice. “That does sound plausible. But, Haru, there’s a bit of a
contradiction there. ‘Scrap completely’ but ‘ninety percent sure’?
So then the remaining ten percent uncertainty is the possibility
that Chi voluntarily went over to Nomi, right?”
“Yeah. But for a different reason.”
“Reason? Are you saying there’s something other than points
that would make Chi turn against us?”
Looking up at Takumu as he cocked his head, Haruyuki instinctively shrank back. “That would be…,” he whispered, “the
leader of our Legion Nega Nebulus…Her…”
Takumu’s eyelids fluttered rapidly, as if he had been caught off
guard. But soon enough, the same uneasiness that was on
Haruyuki’s face descended upon his. “I—I see. If Chi thinks
there’s no way she’s going to be subordinate to Master—Kuroyukihime…”
“Can you definitively say she wouldn’t?”
At Haruyuki’s question, Takumu shook his head from side to
side, a fairly complicated expression on his face, and expelled a
lengthy sigh. “But if that’s the case,” he added, almost groaning,
“then we really do have to finally tell Master about everything and
get her to help us fight. If she finds out that Chi betrayed us and
healed Nomi all because of her…”

“She might totally destroy Lime Bell, along with Dusk Taker.”
He knew only too well how severe she could be, Kuroyukihime, the person behind Black Lotus, the level-nine duel avatar
who was the Black King and the leader of the Legion Nega Nebulus. Anyone she decided was the enemy was mercilessly cut down
with the swords of her hands. It was pretty hard—no, impossible
—to believe that she would not apply this same general principle
to Chiyuri.
Haruyuki dropped his gaze to the surface of the table and then
yanked it right back up to Takumu. “She’s coming back from the
school trip Saturday night, so we have four days,” he said, like he
was trying to convince himself. “We just have to sort this out before then.”

“Sort it out? How?”
“Either Chiyu’s being coerced or she’s actually doing all this of
her own free will. But if we take Nomi down, if we push him to
the edge and he loses Brain Burst, then everything ends. Right?”
Takumu took a deep breath at Haruyuki’s words before a
slightly bitter smile crossed his lips. “Easier said than done, Haru.
Even if we somehow did manage to figure out what keeps him
from showing up on the matching list, who knows how many
times we’d have to win to get Dusk Taker down to zero points.”
“Dunno,” Haruyuki said shortly and began thinking out loud.
“Nomi just started at Umesato, and he’s been burning through
points to build himself up, what with the test and the kendo
matches. Especially in kendo with the ‘physical acceleration’ command. That costs five points. I mean, he’s still at level five. Do you
think he really has that many points to spare?”
“I guess not. Especially since he doesn’t seem to be fighting
any regular duels. His point supply should be limited.” Takumu
nodded, narrowing eyes, which, behind his glasses, had regained
a bit of their former sharpness. He met Haruyuki’s stare and continued quickly, “But, Haru, if that’s true, then it’s just a race
against time, and Master’s return to Tokyo has nothing to do with
it. Now that Nomi has a specialized healer in addition to the flying ability, the time’s totally right for him to make his duel debut.
If he limits himself to tag-team matches, he won’t be able to fight
too often, but even still, he’ll win the majority of the duels he does
fight.”
“So in other words, we have to cut the head off the beast before he starts racking up points,” Haruyuki said decisively, after a
quick glance at Takumu. “Okay. I’ll figure out whatever trick he’s
using to block duels by myself, somehow.”
“Wh-what are you talking about? We’ll—”

“No, there’s something I need you to do while I’m doing that.”
Clenching both hands on the tabletop, he lowered his voice dramatically. “Taku, you must remember, since he used it right on
you. The way Dusk Taker made things disappear with his hands,
basically nullifying whatever he touched.”
“Y-yeah. I still can’t believe it.” Takumu shook his head
sharply, as if doubting his own memory. “I mean, he was emitting
that crazy light, but his special-attack gauge didn’t go down. And
I can sort of get how it would work with punches and kicks, but
he even sucked in my nonphysical attack, Lightning Cyan Spark. I
mean, that kind of top-level thing, it’s impossible. What kind of
ability could do that?”
“Um, it’s not a system ability or special attack. I’m not sure
how to put this…I can’t really explain it well.” Furrowing his brow
and earnestly searching for the right words, Haruyuki clumsily
tried to communicate to Takumu the knowledge he had only just
gotten the day before. “It’s like a superspecial attack and the energy source is the Burst Linker’s own imagination. The proper
name is the Incarnate System. It’s the strongest attack power in
the Accelerated World. You make things real with your heart and
your will.”
It took almost a full twenty minutes to finish explaining the
main points of the Incarnate System that the recluse in old Tokyo
Tower, Sky Raker, had taught him, and how he had managed to
acquire the Incarnate sword of light.
As he spoke, Haruyuki was once again made aware of the fact
that he himself still had a mountain of questions about the system. It could be a technique made possible by a bug, creating a
hole in the program, like Sky Raker said, but then why didn’t the
administrator take care of it? If the admin was leaving it there deliberately, what was the point of that?
Brain Burst was, in fact, an extremely unfriendly game in that
it came with no manual and there were no guide-type NPCs, but

he felt like the existence of the Incarnate System just made the
whole thing even more baffling. What exactly was this application…?
With these thoughts racing through his mind, Haruyuki somehow managed to explain everything he knew.
When he was finished, Takumu stared, dumbfounded, as
Haruyuki gulped down oolong tea. “I don’t know what to say,” he
finally murmured hoarsely. “Haru, you really reel in the older
ladies, don’t you?”
“Th-that’s your first reaction?”
“It’s just…To be honest, I’m having a hard time swallowing
this Incarnate or whatever thing. Changing something as vague as
the power of an image into an actual attack…I mean, I get what
you’re saying, but this goes beyond the domain of a fighting
game.”
“Well, yeah. And I can’t explain how I get the sword to appear
or anything.” Staring fixedly at his round fingers, he kept thinking out loud. “But probably, what the will comes down to is something like, ‘If you imagine it, you can make anything happen.’
Maybe it’s intimately connected to an avatar’s attributes…or the
nature of the Burst Linker themselves…or something. Like, my
being able to get a sword to come out of my hand is because Silver
Crow’s arms were in a shape like that right from the start. I feel
like it’s maybe something like that.”
“Hmm. So then, hypothetically, if I did the same training as
you, I wouldn’t necessarily be able to produce a sword of light the
way you can?”
“Prob’ly not. But if that’s the case, I think you would get a form
of your will more suited to you, to Cyan Pile. The problem is,
what do you have to do—what kind of training do you need to get
it? When I think about it now, she—Sky Raker—made me climb

that wall because she saw from the start what the optimal training for me would be. And this is just a guess, but I bet a high-level
Burst Linker who had completely mastered the Incarnate System
would probably also understand the way to train one’s will.”
Takumu bit his lip lightly, seemingly deep in thought. Finally,
he opened his mouth, eyes still lowered. “In which case, even if I
did dive into the Unlimited Neutral Field and blindly train, it’s
pretty unlikely I’d be able to grasp the Incarnate System on my
own. So that means…you absolutely need the guidance of someone with a thorough knowledge of the System?”
“Yeah. I’m sure Sky Raker would teach you, too, but the problem is, I don’t have any way to get in touch with her.” Haruyuki
sighed, and Takumu furrowed his brow.
“She’s not an NPC,” he murmured. “So the only way I’m going
to get to see her is if I climb the old Tokyo Tower in the Unlimited
Neutral Field. But we’d have to get in touch in the real, coordinate the timing, and then dive.”
“That’s just it. You’d probably see her eventually if you just
waited at the top of the tower, but you’re accelerated a thousand
times on the other side, and who knows how many months or
years could go by…There is just one way: We can duel Sky Raker’s
child Ash Roller in Shibuya and get him to make an appointment
for us, but…dunno.” Haruyuki cut himself off there and propped
his fleshy cheeks up in his hands.
Takumu’s face quickly turned serious. “Hey, heeeey, I don’t
owe you nothin’, whiny babyyyy!” He skillfully imitated the bikeriding avatar. “That’s what he’d say, no doubt about it.”
The truth was, Haruyuki already owed Ash Roller an enormous debt from yesterday for bringing him to Sky Raker in the
first place. He had to say that asking for his help—a member of an
enemy Legion—on top of that was a pretty weak thing for a Burst
Linker to do. He took another slice of the cooling pizza and

racked his brain as he bit into it.
Normally, he would ask his guardian and Legion Master
Kuroyukihime straightaway. She was the Black King; she would
obviously be well versed in the Incarnate System. But she must
have had her own reasons for not telling him about it up till now,
which made him feel like she wouldn’t tell him right away, even if
he did ask her. And anyway, with her currently in the distant
south of Okinawa, he had no way to meet her in the Accelerated
World.
Then there was Takumu’s guardian—or at least, that’s where
he wanted to go next. But he was a member of the Blue Legion
and had already been retired from the Accelerated World via the
Blue King’s Judgment Blow for being the ringleader of the backdoor program incident six months earlier.
And there was really no other Burst Linker who would likely
know all about the Incarnate System and also have a reason to
lend Haruyuki and Takumu a—
“Oh…Oh!” Haruyuki chirped, having thought the problem
through this far. He didn’t notice the chunk of shrimp that tumbled from his mouth. “Right! Right! There is someone, a superhigh-level Linker who owes us a huge favor, in an area just north
of here.”
The corner of Takumu’s mouth spasmed faintly. “H-hey, hey,
Haru. You don’t mean…”
“There’s no one else. Prominence Legion Master and Red
King, Scarlet Rain. She’s level nine; she has to have mastered the
Incarnate System.” He lowered his voice as he spoke, and the
deep red avatar who occupied one of the seats of the Seven Kings
of Pure Color sprang to life in the back of his mind.
The Red King. With the flame power of her enormous Enhanced Armament, a weapons array several times the size of her

actual body, she set her enemies and entire fields ablaze. If, despite this incredible power, she had not mastered the Incarnate
System, they would indeed be forced to push ahead in some new
direction, something Haruyuki deeply did not wish to contemplate.
“And that’s not all,” Haruyuki continued. “You haven’t forgotten the serious action we got into at Scarlet Rain…at Niko’s request, right?”
“N-no, I definitely remember.”
It had been a mere three months earlier that Niko, aka Yuniko
Kozuki, had abruptly shown up in the flesh at Haruyuki’s apartment. Her objective was to get Haruyuki to help her subjugate
Chrome Disaster, a Burst Linker from her own Legion who had
gone mad. She came to Haruyuki after determining that Silver
Crow and his wings were the only thing that could catch Disaster,
who had been able to move freely through all three dimensions.
Together with Takumu and Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki accepted
the mission, but before they could get to the real business, they
ended up in a seriously tight spot, caught up in an unexpected series of battles when assaulted by a large group from the Yellow
Legion. Or rather, in truth, it ended up being Takumu going blow
for blow with a large enemy avatar.
“But, Haru, as payment for helping subjugate him, didn’t
Prominence agree to a cease-fire with Nega Nebulus? Wasn’t that
her way of paying us back as the Red King?”
But even Takumu sounded skeptical at his own words, so
Haruyuki puffed his cheeks and rebutted, “Th-that’s like repaying
a meal of curry with a plate of SPAM!”
“Uh, I don’t really know about that example.”
“A-anyway, there’s no other high-level Burst Linker we can

contact in the real. And if we’re planning to fight Nomi, we definitely need this power, if only to avoid his Incarnate attack. So…
all we can do is bet on Niko being in a good mood…” Haruyuki
trailed off, and his last few words were overlaid with the sound of
Takumu taking a deep breath.
For a while, his tall friend, downturned face hidden by long
hair, stayed silent. He loosely clenched his right hand on the
table, and in that motion, Haruyuki understood that he was remembering the savage battle with Seiji Nomi.
When he finally lifted his face, the light in his strong eyes was
different. And the voice he spoke with rang out in the dim living
room. “Right, it’s just like you say, Haru. In the battle against
Dusk Taker, I thought we were evenly matched right until the
middle of it, and then after he started to use the Incarnate, I
couldn’t do anything, which totally sucked. I could feel how we
were just on totally different levels. If we’re going to defeat him
and get Chi back, then I can’t be hesitating at a thing like this.”
“Taku…”
“And, hey, Haru?” He stopped and stared right into
Haruyuki’s eyes over the rims of his glasses. “Your sword of light
was just as—no, even more amazing than Dusk Taker’s purple
fluctuation. Even I could tell that you worked crazy hard to master that. You…A long time ago, you said it, didn’t you? That time
when we fought. You said you couldn’t beat me in the real. I can’t
beat you in the virtual. So we’re equal.”
“Oh…N-no, that was…” Haruyuki was about to offer the excuse
that it was just something he had said in the heat of battle, but
Takumu rebuffed his objection with his right hand and continued.
“B-but, you know, I don’t think that’s real equality. We can get
to be true equals by competing with each other and acknowledging each other in the real and in the virtual.”

Abruptly, the look on the face of his childhood friend seemed
somehow nostalgic for a distant past.
“When we were in elementary school, whenever I got a new
game, I’d basically head straight for the walkthrough sites. And
not just for action games. I’d even play RPGs with a chat window
open, and then I felt like I was really adventuring. Which is why
Brain Burst makes me so uneasy, I can barely stomach it. It
doesn’t have a manual, much less a walk-through. Thinking about
it now, I wonder if that isn’t why I turned to something like that
backdoor program. But I finally get it now: This game doesn’t go
in for hand-holding. You have to stand up on your own and cut
your way through. So an ability like the Incarnate System, that
goes beyond the framework of even this crazy game…I want to
master it. So that I can stick with you, with Silver Crow.”
Even after Takumu closed his mouth, Haruyuki stayed silent,
digesting his friend’s words.
These last six months, Takumu had been so self-deprecating.
He was convinced he had committed an unforgivable crime in
giving in to the fear of losing Brain Burst and going so far as to infect Chiyuri’s Neurolinker with a virus and hunting Kuroyukihime in dealing with that fear, and it was this conviction to an attitude of no forgiveness that led to him sacrificing himself over
and over again in a variety of situations. And now, despite the
huge blow he had been dealt by Chiyuri turning her back on them
—whatever her motivation might have been—once again, he was
trying to face his own weakness.
You really are strong, Taku. Stronger than me in every way.
You can say it all you like, but I’m nowhere near your equal in
the real world. Haruyuki kept this thought to himself and finally
smiled.
“You gotta do it. Master some technique so that Nomi’s pulsing thing’s not a problem, take him out in a quick attack, and get
Chiyuri back. Although Niko’s training’ll probably be a hundred

times more brutal than Sky Raker’s.”
“I-I’m ready for it.” Takumu returned a slightly stiff smile.
Haruyuki glanced away, at the time display in the right edge of
his field of vision. With the frozen pizza break added in, the strategy meeting had taken a lot longer than expected, and it was already getting to be seven PM.
At level nine, the Red King Niko was one of the strongest Burst
Linkers, but in the real world, she was still in sixth grade at a
boarding school. Unfortunately for them, the place was fairly
strict about going out at night, and it would be difficult to get her
to meet them now.
“We’ll call her tomorrow after school and go over to Nerima.
Taku, will it be okay for you to skip kendo practice two days in a
row?” he asked, and Takumu nodded right away.
“Yeah, I mean, I don’t do kendo to make a good showing in the
tournaments anymore. The coach and the captain will glare at me
a bit, but whatever.”
“Okay, it’s settled, then.” They met each other’s eyes and nodded again as they stood up. Heading toward the entryway, an entirely different question jumped into Haruyuki’s head.
Taku, right around the end of the duel today, did you hear a
strange voice?
But no words came from his open mouth. When Takumu gave
him a funny look, he shook his head lightly and raised his hand in
farewell. “See you at school tomorrow.”
It was just my imagination, he murmured in the depths of his
heart. There were no duelers, and certainly no gallery, in that
field. I couldn’t have actually heard anyone’s voice.

After watching Takumu head off toward the elevator, he closed
the door; once the automatic lock clicked shut, his apartment was
blanketed by a deep silence. Suddenly, he was terrifyingly certain
someone was standing right behind him, and he pushed his back
up against the door before returning to the living room at a trot to
clean up.

3
Wednesday, April 17.
At dawn on this day, the halfway point for the Umesato ninthgrade school trip, Haruyuki dreamed about Kuroyukihime for the
first time in a while. But this one wasn’t the type he had had so
many times before, the kind that made him regret not being able
to record it. It was, in a way, the total opposite.
In his dream, Kuroyukihime was adorned in her in-school
avatar, complete with its spangle butterfly wings on her back, instead of looking like her regular real-world self. The lace hem of
the avatar’s black dress fluttered as she ran lightly through the
trees of a deep forest.
Haruyuki was his pink pig avatar, and he pumped his short
legs intently, chasing the black butterfly. Stretching out her left
hand as if beckoning him, the fairy princess gradually grew distant as she bounded along, half flying.
Kuroyukihime! Haruyuki’s shout echoed strangely in the
depths of the forest. Please wait for me!
But Kuroyukihime did not stop. Once in a while, she turned, a
mysterious smile on her red lips, but each time, his view of her
was soon interrupted by a thick, moss-covered tree trunk. Finally,
all he could see was the ruby-colored pattern decorating the obsidian wings. And even this glittering, these flickering flames,
gradually melted into the gloom.
Don’t leave me. Don’t…Don’t leave me behind! he shouted, but
there was no reply. It’s because I lost my wings. That’s why

you’re leaving me? You don’t need me anymore?
Still no reply.
Suddenly, a spot on his back throbbed in pain, a pain that
quickly took actual form and squirmed violently. Skrrrk! He felt
something piercing his avatar from the inside. It wasn’t wings. It
was something dark, thin and long like a tail, growing from his
back. It twisted into the air, rose up over his shoulder, curving
like a sickle, only to stretch out in a straight line like a lance.
From the depths of the woods came an ominous, wet sound.
Haruyuki chased his own tail and staggered around in circles.
After he had gone around the umpteenth tree, the scene opened
up before him. On the rough and bony surface of a remarkably
large tree trunk, a black spangle butterfly was held by a thin pin.
The wiry tail extending from Haruyuki’s backside had pierced one
of Kuroyukihime’s large wings, fixing her in place, crucifying her.
His thinking curiously inhibited, Haruyuki stood before the
butterfly and looked up. There was nothing that could be called
an expression on the pale face, so ephemerally beautiful. The eyebrows were simply slightly furrowed, the eyes returning
Haruyuki’s stare.
Because you have those wings. Haruyuki heard the voice,
twisted with a kind of darkness, slip out from his own mouth. Because you have wings, you can just fly off whenever you want.
His left arm rose on its own. His hand had at some point
transformed from the comical hoof of the pig avatar to dark silver
claws. His sharp fingertips, shining sinisterly, grabbed the edge of
a jet-black wing as it flapped helplessly.
He put the tiniest bit of force into his glittering fingers, and
the bottom right of the four wings was ripped out at the base. The
wind immediately turned to dry black sand and spilled it from

Haruyuki’s hand.
Another.
And still another.
At some point, Kuroyukihime’s head had dropped down heavily, and her limbs dangled loosely.
Now you won’t be able to go anywhere, Haruyuki said as he
reached out for the last wing. You’ll be locked in this darkness for
all eternity. With me. Just like me.
The instant he plucked the last wing, Kuroyukihime’s slender
body fell with a thud into his arms. He held her tightly with the
blackish-silver talons.
But a second later, even the body pressed against his chest
crumbled into inky particles, which flowed down with a quiet
shff, forming a small mountain of sand at his feet—
“Aaaaah!”
Haruyuki bolted upright in his bed, screaming his throat raw.
His heart was pounding like an old-school alarm clock, his entire
body was covered in a cold sweat, and his mouth was parched.
Blinking sleep-blurred eyes repeatedly, he examined his hands
in the gray light filtering through the curtains. Naturally, he
found no ominous talons there, just ten plump fingers. Clenching
them tightly, he pressed his fist to his forehead.
Unlike the nightmare after he had first gotten Brain Burst six
months earlier, his memory of this one was crystal clear, right
down to the smallest details. And even more frightening than
that, he had taken his Neurolinker off before he’d gone to bed.
Which meant the dream now was not due to any interference
from the program; it was spun wholly from Haruyuki’s thoughts

and memories.
“Kuroyukihime,” he murmured, husky, as he shook his head
slowly. “I’ve never wanted to do anything like that. I—I just…”
I want to be together forever, that’s all.
Haruyuki impulsively yanked his Neurolinker down from the
shelf above his bed and slipped it around his neck. He turned it
on, and once the initial connection was complete, he glanced up
at the time display. Six fifteen AM. Way earlier than when he usually woke up, but he was no longer the slightest bit sleepy. The
strength drained from his body, and he gave the brief “full dive”
command.
“Direct link.”
His dim bedroom disappeared, and a darkness spread out
from the other side of a radiating light. Pulled down by the virtual
gravity, Haruyuki fell and finally landed on a flat, cold gray surface. Several semitransparent windows with tags like PUBLIC
UTILITIES and CONDO ASSOCIATION popped up around him with a
crisp ping. This completely functional space was the main console for the Arita home net.
After staring for a while at the round right hand of his pig
avatar, Haruyuki whispered a voice command. “Command: dive
call. Number: zero one.”
Before his eyes, a holodialog opened. A VOICE CALL WILL BE
PLACED TO THE REGISTERED ADDRESS 01. OKAY? He shook off a moment’s hesitation and pressed the YES button.
There were several modes of bidirectional communication
using the Neurolinker. The most frequently used was a voice call,
conversing vocally like the old cellular phones. Widespread use
was also made of video calls, in which you removed the camera
from the side of the Neurolinker and talked while your face was

recorded.
In contrast with these, the dive call—in which both parties
used their avatars to talk in a virtual space—was used only in exceptional circumstances. The reason was simple: It wasn’t always
the case that the person being called could immediately go into a
full dive. At the very least, you had to mail or make a voice call in
advance for an appointment, and the majority of business could
be taken care of in such communiqués.
Thus, Haruyuki requesting a dive call at this early hour and
completely out of the blue was relatively nonsensical. Even so, he
wanted desperately to see her right away. And not just hear her
voice or see a flat image, but touch her with all five senses. He felt
as though a part of him would change into something else if he
couldn’t.
The CALLING in Mincho font blinked eight, nine times, and just
before message mode kicked in, the word turned into CONNECTING.
All the windows around him disappeared with a whoosh. A
drop of white light appeared in the inorganic gray space, followed
by another and then a cascade of particles of white light shifting
into the form of an avatar.
Klak! The toes of high heels touched the floor, and the fairy
princess, black spangle butterfly wings on her back, blinked
slowly two or three times before acknowledging the pig avatar a
short distance away from her and smiling gently.
“Hey. Morning, Haruyuki.”
Even after being greeted like this by her smooth, silky voice,
Haruyuki couldn’t manage to get any words to leave his mouth,
afraid of the premonition that the slender figure before him
would turn to sand and crumble. He rubbed his eyes hard.
But of course, no matter how many seconds passed, the avatar

did nothing that would lead to her disappearance. Haruyuki came
back to himself abruptly and hurriedly opened his mouth.
“Uh, um, good morning, Kuroyukihime. Uhh, I—I’m sorry.
Suddenly dive-calling you, and so early…”
“It’s fine. I just woke up and was trying to decide whether I
should try to go back to sleep or not.” She smiled again and then
examined her surroundings. “And this, well, this is quite the simple place. Although it is like you to prioritize a lighter data load.”
“Oh, uh, no, that’s…”
The initial setting for a dive call meant that the person doing
the calling brought their partner into the VR space they dove into.
Because Haruyuki had called without moving from the main area
of his home net, he’d ended up inviting Kuroyukihime into this
world, a place without even a single chair.
“I-I’m sorry. I’ll change the location right away!” Hastily, he
pulled up a menu window and flicked through the object sets he
had made and saved, but they were all emotionless places—the
ruins of a battlefield, the deck of a battleship.
Kuroyukihime looked on wryly as he scrolled through the list,
sweating profusely. Finally, she clapped her hands and said,
“Maybe it would be a bit heavy data-wise, but perhaps you’ll allow
me to load a set I have? I want to try out one I bought yesterday.”
“Oh! Sure! Please! Go ahead! Go ahead!”
Haruyuki nodded so hard he practically bounced, and
Kuroyukihime smiled once more before moving her right hand.
She navigated the menu with quick gestures, playing a virtual
piano.
A progress bar popped up before Haruyuki’s eyes. An object
set was being sent from the Neurolinker of Kuroyukihime in far-

off Okinawa, via the global net. Because it was a large file, it took
five seconds for him to receive and two seconds to unzip and
open. As the bar disappeared, powerful lightning—no, sunlight—
poured down from above his head, and the cold emptiness
around him evaporated.
Appearing in its place was a southern country scene with
enough color to jolt him fully awake. Maybe it was a shrine:
Hearth-protecting stone lion statues known as shisa were covered
in moss and set on both sides of a short pilgrim’s path. Windmill
palm trees surrounded them, and at the end of that path were
stone steps that led downward, while even farther off in the distance, he could see the azure sea.
When he turned around, there was a small vermilion shrine.
Next to him, Kuroyukihime snapped open her parasol and held it
above their heads. As if this were a switch, the chirping of countless cicadas closed in on them from all sides, and Haruyuki
breathed deeply of air that smelled like the sun.
“Why don’t we sit over there and talk?”
She pointed at the small stairs built directly in front of the
shrine. He nodded his assent, and with gravel crunching beneath
their feet, Haruyuki came to sit his avatar down next to hers. For
a while, he just took in the scene spreading out before his eyes,
both foreign and familiar at the same time.
Although this was, of course, a VR space built from digital
data, it wasn’t just an arrangement of ready-made polygons. The
shisa, the palm trees—all the objects were created based on a real
scene photographed with a special high-resolution camera. This
kind of object set, reproducing in detail a picturesque scene, was
currently the standard trip souvenir.
Haruyuki, who had never been off the main island of Honshu,
much less all the way down to Okinawa, forgot that he had initiated the call, and kept staring almost dumbfounded at the scene

around him. Kuroyukihime very patiently sat next to him as he
did, but at last, she cleared her throat with a small cough.
“Although personally, I have absolutely no objection to just
looking at the scenery like this with you…”
Haruyuki jerked his head to look up at the lovely face of the
fairy princess beside him and finally remembered that this was
the continuation of his thoughtless, early morning dive call.
“Oh, uh! I-I-I’m sorry!”
“No need to apologize. I just wondered if you didn’t have some
pressing business.” She gazed at him, smiling.
Haruyuki realized an even more fearful fact. That is, he did not
in actuality have a single thing that could be called business of
any sort. Just that he had had a dream at dawn, and it had been a
very scary dream…
Abruptly, the sensation of pulling the wings off of her back in
the nightmare came back to life in his hands, and he screwed up
his face, clenched his fists, and dropped his eyes.
His Neurolinker appeared to have dug from deep in his mind
the words that then came out of his mouth, rather than from his
brain’s language center. “Uh…Um, I was lonely.” Still not totally
aware of what he was saying, Haruyuki let his duplicate self do
the talking. “Not being able to see you. Being so far away from
you for so long’s been hard. So, uh…”
The virtual forest hushed around him. He didn’t know if the
cicada sound effect had actually stopped or if his own brain was
blocking the environmental audio information. After a long silence, the reply he received was short.
“Me, too.”
The shoulders of the pig avatar shook slightly, and he looked

up ever so timidly to see her pale face frowning.
“I’m lonely, too, Haruyuki.”
Unable to completely hold back a smile through her tears,
Kuroyukihime raised both hands and held Haruyuki’s cheeks
firmly between them. “This is the first time a mere week has felt
so long, despite the fact that I’ve done countless continuous dives
in the Accelerated World for much, much longer than this. I want
to go back to Tokyo and see you again already.”
“…Me, too.”
The instant he squeezed the words out, Kuroyukihime bit her
lip hard. Between her arms, she yanked Haruyuki’s head to her
chest.
A sweet scent and a gentle, radiant warmth not possible in the
Umesato local net (because an avatar’s sense of touch was severely diluted there) raced along Haruyuki’s nervous system.
Normally, he would be panicking and turning into a stiff boardperson, but right now, he was stirred by an overwhelming longing, and as if in a trance, he reached his hands out to cling to her
slim body.
Please come home. That’s what he wanted to say. Please come
home and help me like you always do.
In that moment, Haruyuki became acutely aware of how close
to his limit he had been pushed. No matter how desperately he
fought, his enemy—Dusk Taker—continued to stand, as though a
dark steel wall sneering at his efforts, a wall Silver Crow’s slender
fists could neither pierce nor climb.
But he couldn’t say it.
It wasn’t just for Chiyuri. For his own sake, too, he had to fight
this enemy right to the end with his own power. Giving in to de-

spair now and using Kuroyukihime as a crutch while she was on
her school trip would be basically what he had done in the dream.
“We’ll be able to see each other soon, right?” Haruyuki muttered finally in a hoarse voice. “Only three more days.”
“Mmm. That’s true,” Kuroyukihime responded, and after
putting all her strength into her arms for one final squeeze, she
released her embrace. Black eyes shining, she locked eyes with
her junior, leaning in close.
“Haruyuki…”
She said his name anxiously, as if she had discovered something in those eyes.
But Haruyuki mustered every ounce of mental strength he had
to put a smile on his face. “Um, I really want you to have fun in
your last few days on the trip,” he said, before she could say anything else. “I’m sorry for calling you so out of the blue like this.”
“No, if you hadn’t called me, I would’ve called you. I’m happy
to see you, even if it is our avatars doing the seeing. I’ll buy you
the real thing for a souvenir, so look forward to that.” Grinning,
Kuroyukihime stood up and crunched onto the gravel. She
twirled her parasol, closed it, and called up the menu window.
She pushed the DISCONNECT button, and even after her form
had turned into particles of light and disappeared, Haruyuki continued to sit where he was. The cries of the cicadas, louder again,
wiped away the lingering remains of the nightmare still in his
heart.
After a breakfast of cereal and milk, he called into his mother’s
bedroom that he was leaving. Opening the door to his condo, he
was greeted by a dull, cloudy, leaden sky.
Focusing his eyes on the icons lined up on the left of his virtual

desktop, he pressed the weather report shortcut. The probability
of rain was 72 percent after 12:40 PM. He took a step back,
grabbed a light gray umbrella from beside the shoe cabinet, and
went outside.
The tool known as an umbrella was probably one of the everyday-life accessories that had had the same basic structure the
longest. At most, the fabric had changed to a nondegradable, water-resistant one, and the skeleton to high-modulus carbon.
Idly noting that rainy days would be a little more fun if his umbrella at least had an automatic closing gimmick like the one on
the parasol Kuroyukihime’s avatar was equipped with, Haruyuki
walked down the hall and stepped onto the elevator. When the
car, having begun its descent to the ground, stopped after a mere
two floors, Haruyuki had a premonition that was a near certainty.
And, of course, standing on the other side of the doors as they
slid open was Chiyuri Kurashima.
Meeting his gaze squarely, Chiyuri’s large, catlike eyes wavered as if she were hesitating. Despite the fact that she would
normally jump in with a hearty “Mornin’!” her black shoes now
stayed perfectly aligned; she did not move.
Several seconds passed, and the moment the door began to
move again, Haruyuki reflexively pushed the OPEN button with his
left hand. He obstinately continued to stare at her face, hand on
the button.
Just as the warning buzzer was on the verge of sounding, she
lowered her eyes and quietly stepped in.
“Thanks. Morning,” she said with a small voice as Haruyuki
released the button.
“Mornin’,” he replied in a whisper, looking sidelong at the
light peach umbrella she held in her left hand as she stood a good

deal farther away from him than usual in the moving elevator.
Long after he got off the elevator, the words that should have
come next from his mouth filled his brain. No matter what Seiji
Nomi told you, you don’t have to obey him. If he’s threatening
you and the threat is the hidden video from the shower room, he
can’t actually use that or anything. Because the instant he destroyed Haruyuki with that video, Haruyuki could broadcast
Nomi’s real-world information in the Accelerated World and take
Nomi down with him.
But it was also clear to him that Chiyuri probably wouldn’t
agree with this kind of “deterrence through mutual assured destruction.” If it meant he would be expelled for an extremely
shameful crime—there was even the slight possibility he would be
arrested—she would do whatever it took to avoid that outcome.
Even, for instance, be forced to be Dusk Taker’s personal healer
and stand against Haruyuki and Takumu in the Accelerated
World.
Because they were friends. Because they were childhood
friends who had spent a long, long time together in the real
world. For Chiyuri, this was the most important thing, something
to be defended above all else.
“Chiyu.” Haruyuki said the name of his childhood companion
in a voice so tiny it threatened to be swallowed up by the very
modest sound of the elevator continuing its descent.
Her small shoulders twitched, but her lips remained firmly
fastened shut. He dropped his eyes to her hand, the one that
clutched the umbrella. He wanted to grab it and pull her toward
him, but the words he would have said glommed together into a
hot lump and stuck in his throat.
So Haruyuki stayed where he was, his body rooted to the spot
as the weight of gentle deceleration enveloped him. The door
opened, and Chiyuri proceeded briskly toward the entrance with-

out looking back.
Having had his track team friend ripped away from him in
what felt like the blink of an eye, Haruyuki trudged to school,
head hanging, just like the trek home the day before.
Wednesdays, he normally went to buy the package edition of
his favorite comics magazine at the convenience store, but today
he just didn’t feel like it and passed by without stopping.
Alternately feeling the delight of the dive call with Kuroyukihime and the pain of not having talked to Chiyuri about anything,
he arrived on the road to the school—one-third less congested
than usual with the new ninth graders off on their trip—and finally stepped through the Umesato Junior High gates, hunched
into himself. His Neurolinker automatically connected to the inschool local net, and the attendance log time, the day’s schedule,
notifications from the school, and more were listed, pop, pop,
pop, on the right side of his field of vision. At the end of this list,
he saw the sentence IMPORTANT INFORMATION ITEM: PERSONAL in red
characters and frowned.
After changing into his school shoes at the entrance, stifling
the sense of something ominous approaching, he touched the row
of characters with a finger. Shp! The message text opened, and
stern Mincho-font characters lined up before him.
“Haruyuki Arita, student No: 460017, grade eight, class C: As
soon as you arrive at school, report to the counseling office on the
first floor of the general classroom wing.
—Koji Sugeno, class C homeroom teacher”
His heart stopped for a second. He wondered if Nomi had actually turned the video in to the school authorities. However, he
quickly noticed that the message had been sent by his homeroom
teacher. If Sugeno had such clear evidence as the video, the whole
thing would be way beyond the level of a teacher interview; the

administration would definitely be brought in. Sugeno was probably calling him in now based on his own personal hunch.
As Haruyuki tried to guess at what awaited him, he passed the
stairs to his classroom, clenched hands drenched in a cold sweat,
and headed toward the counseling office on the first floor of the
building. As he did, he opened the local net’s student database in
a browser window and searched for something along the lines of
“manual for when the teacher calls you to his office” as a kind of
last-ditch effort.
And it turned out, there had been an article on that very subject in the school paper a few years earlier, which Haruyuki read,
dumbfounded and grateful.
When he arrived in front of the counseling office, he quickly
checked that there were no other students in the hallway around
him, in line with the first part of the manual. He then took a deep
breath in front of the gray door and pressed the entry button displayed in his vision. The system authenticated him, and the lock
opened with a clack.
He opened the—not automatic, of course—door and looked inside to see that Sugeno was already there in the somewhat small
room. He was sitting at a chair by the window at a long desk, with
his arms crossed in front of his chest, as if to show off their thickness.
“You’re here? Come in.” The welcome from the young Japanese instructor was not very friendly.
Resisting the urge to just shut the door again, Haruyuki cautiously stepped into the room and greeted his teacher with an indistinct “Good morning.”
Sugeno sighed almost complainingly, but perhaps rethinking
his approach, he closed his mouth and started over. “Good morning. Sit down here.”

Unable to say, No, I’m fine standing, he had no choice but to
obey and take the seat indicated, a mere chair length away from
Sugeno.
“Arita.” A single wrinkle carved deep into his suntanned face,
his teacher turned a gaze on him that was more than looking but
not quite glaring, and then abruptly and finally pulled the corners
of his mouth up. “The truth is, I might look like this now, but
back when I was in school, I wasn’t popular at all with the girls.”
“Huh…?”
“It’s true. I was on the judo team, see? I used to be so jealous
of the guys on the soccer team. They had one girlfriend after another.”
He stared in mute amazement as Sugeno nodded in agreement
with himself. What he just said is totally not okay in at least four
different ways, he muttered in his head. I mean, he’s saying he
looks hot now, no one in judo can get a girlfriend, everyone in
soccer is a playboy, and on top of that, he’s assuming girls don’t
like me.
Even as he mentally added that he did have to concede that
last point, Sugeno continued his monologue.
“Which is why I understand that sometimes, things get to be
too much for a boy your age, Arita. I completely get it…Say,
Arita?” Here the teacher called up a “you leave everything to me”
kind of nuance in the vicinity of his thick eyebrows and nodded
deeply. “If there’s anything you want to tell me, anything you
need to tell me, you can go on and do that right now, right here. I
promise I’m on your side, Arita. How about it?”
“……” Further stupefied, Haruyuki simply stared at the man’s
face for several seconds. Finally, he somehow managed to collect
his thoughts enough to form words. “Uh, um.”

“Oh! What is it? You can tell me anything!”
“Uhh…Before I say anything, I’d like to record this conversation.” Number two in the manual was to make sure you record,
but the instant the words had left his mouth, Haruyuki seriously
regretted having said anything.
Sugeno’s eyes popped open, and his face—from neck to cheeks
to hairline—turned red. When the trusty older-brother expression
on his face finally peeled off and dropped away, Haruyuki could
practically hear the thud of it on the floor.
“What’s that supposed to mean, Arita?! Are you saying you
don’t trust your teacher?!” his now-menacing mentor shouted,
eyebrows leaping up, and Haruyuki shrank with a yelp.
But there was no retreating. “No, it’s got nothing to do with
trusting anyone,” he mumbled. “It’s just that a student has the
legal right to record a one-on-one interview with a teacher.”
“What legal?! What right?!” Sugeno cried out in a voice that
was a little inappropriate for a teacher, and slammed his hand
down on the long desk. “Don’t you understand that I’m talking to
you now for your own benefit?! The longer this goes on, the worse
things are going to be for you! Right now, there’s still a chance of
keeping the police out—”
Cutting him off midsentence was Haruyuki fiddling with his
virtual desktop to activate Record mode, in complete desperation.
Since he didn’t work for the school paper, he needed his interlocutor’s consent to record their conversation. In Sugeno’s field of
vision at that moment, there would be a button asking him to give
permission to be recorded. If he pressed NO now, the log would
record that he had rejected a legitimate request. Sugeno glared at
a point in space, seething with indignation, but in the end, he
lifted a finger and stabbed at the air.
In Haruyuki’s field of view, the REC icon began blinking, ac-

companied by a message that recording had begun. He did not,
however, have anywhere close to the nerve required to smirk at
this, so he shrank intently into himself as Sugeno began to speak
again.
“Arita, tell me one thing…please.” Sugeno’s voice was harder
now, and quieter. “On the fourteenth, a Sunday, why would a guy
like— Why did you come to school, when you’re not in any clubs
or teams?”
Seems like recording the conversation is more effective than I
expected.
“To see my friend on the kendo team,” Haruyuki answered immediately, albeit faintly, and Sugeno held his tongue. He had to
know that Takumu (in kendo) and Haruyuki were friends, and
the fact that Takumu had come to school on Sunday was registered in the local net. And the original reason Haruyuki had come
to school that day was in fact to talk to Takumu.
But Sugeno doubled down, temples twitching. “Was it really
just that? Can you tell me you had absolutely no other reason?
Look into my eyes and answer me.”
He’s probably not a bad guy, Haruyuki thought. Although I
don’t think we’re going to reach any understanding here. He
looked up into Sugeno’s icy eyes. “It was really just that. I can tell
you that.”
After letting out a long sigh that sounded like a large cooling
fan, Sugeno said, “Okay, understood. In that case, you can go.”
Haruyuki quickly stood up. “Yes, Mr. Sugeno!” he said, his
voice the loudest it had been since he entered the room. He covered the short distance to the door, opened it the barest minimum required, and slipped out.
Having fled to the hallway, he took the deepest breath he was

capable of before turning off record mode and checking that the
sound file was properly saved as he trotted toward his classroom.
As long as nothing new came out, the recording was basically
public acknowledgment of his innocence. That said, this little exchange had probably seriously soured Sugeno on him. There was
not a single advantage in making an enemy of a teacher, and it
wasn’t the sort of thing Haruyuki liked to do, but confessing to
being behind the secret camera just to keep Sugeno happy, when
he hadn’t done anything, was obviously out of the question.
Still, Haruyuki thought as he climbed the stairs. This trap
Nomi set, even if he doesn’t use that fatal video, it looks like it’s
having a sort of seeping effect, like a weak poison. Because Nomi
actually courted that danger and really hid a small camera in
there.
As a result, there actually had been an attempt to record secret
video in the girls’ shower room, and Haruyuki had ended up the
prime suspect, coming as he had to school on a Sunday, even
though he was not on any teams. Had Nomi seen this far ahead?
No, impossible.
Shaking his head, Haruyuki opened the door to his classroom
a minute before the first bell. Instantly, he got the sense that
something wasn’t right. It seemed like the chatter filling the classroom dropped in volume for the briefest moment.
“……?” He looked around, but it was already the same old
morning classroom again. He wove his way through the students
in groups of twos and threes, chatting animatedly about net
shows and sports, and sat down at his own desk.
He hung his bag on the hook on his desk, and as he breathed a
little sigh, the VOICE CALL icon began flashing in the middle of his
field of view. The caller was…Takumu. Haruyuki resisted the urge
to turn around and look at him sitting toward the back of the
class and pressed the icon.

“Haru, we got trouble.”
At this abrupt opening, Haruyuki very nearly opened his
mouth to speak, but caught himself and replied in neurospeak.
“Huh? Wh-what’s up, out of the blue?”
“There’s this weird rumor going around. About you.”
The call was abruptly cut off. At the same time, a light chiming
sounded in his ears. The bell ringing, which meant any real-time
communication between students was now prohibited. The next
time it would be possible to call would be lunch break. As an exception to this rule, he could send a text mail, but exchanges not
directly related to classes were forbidden by the school regulations.
He thought he might just stand up and go over to Takumu to
hear the rest directly, but then the front door opened, and Sugeno
came in, so he was forced to abandon the idea. Although he really
wanted to know the rest of the story, if it was something that simply had to be communicated to him right then and there, they
could always talk in an accelerated duel. If Takumu didn’t take it
that far himself, then it wouldn’t be a huge mistake to wait until
the next break.
Having determined this, Haruyuki stood up with the other students and bowed to the teacher without meeting his eyes.
But immediately after that class was over, two boys came to
stand in front of his desk as he raised a finger to mail Takumu.
Reflexively stiffening, he lifted his face. Both were in his class, but
he only remembered the name of the boy on the right. He was
pretty sure it was Ishio and that he was a starting player on the
boys’ basketball team.
“Arita,” Ishio said, jerking to the left the very adult-looking
head he had sitting on a body so tall—it was hard to believe he
was the same age as Haruyuki. “Sorry to bug you, but you got a

minute?”
Before he knew it, the entire class had fallen silent. But this silence didn’t have any sense of surprise to it. Rather, there was an
air of approval, as if his classmates had even been expecting this
scene.
Ishio turned toward the frozen Haruyuki, who was unable to
grasp what was happening, and continued in a low voice that was
nearly through the awkward breaking period. “I don’t want to
have an ugly conversation right here. And I know you don’t, either, right, Arita?”
Haruyuki felt his stomach tighten abruptly. Ugly conversation. Hearing those words, only one thing leapt to mind. The secret video. Which meant that Ishio here and the boy next to him—
no, everyone in class—had, without him even being aware of it,
become deeply convinced that Haruyuki was the perpetrator of
the whole thing.
“Ah…I—I…,” Haruyuki muttered hoarsely. He groped for a
lifeboat of some kind, and his eyes moved to the seat diagonally
in front of him—Chiyuri.
His childhood friend was sitting there, head hanging low, eyes
pinched shut, fists clenched tightly on her desk as though she
were trying to endure something.
Despite the crisis he was facing, the instant he saw her, he
thought, Right now, the one making Chiyuri suffer is me, not
Nomi. My stupidity got us into this. If I act all pathetic right
here, it’s just going to make this harder for Chiyuri. So the least I
can do is be strong now. Even if it is just pretend.
He took a deep breath and stood up, chair clattering. “Sure,
let’s go,” he replied briefly, and one of Ishio’s eyebrows jumped
up. But he nodded, expression unchanging, and began to walk.
The other boy followed, almost like Haruyuki was a prisoner with

an escort.
He saw a student standing slowly in the back of the classroom.
Takumu. His friend, rivaling Ishio in height, narrowed his sharp
eyes behind his glasses and went to take a step. Haruyuki stopped
him with his right hand and shook his head shortly.
I’m okay. I can get through this by myself.
They weren’t on a voice call, so Takumu couldn’t actually hear
these words, but even so, he gritted his teeth and took his seat
again. The sound of Ishio yanking open the door echoed loudly in
the silent classroom.
They brought him to a place Haruyuki was intimately familiar
with—the western edge of the roof. Given that first period had
only just ended, there were no other students up there. When he
was in seventh grade, Haruyuki had been forced to deliver bread
and juice to some delinquent students in this place basically every
day. Vivid memories of that time springing to life in his mind,
Haruyuki started to head for the shadow of the antenna tower,
the set location for any kind of bullying.
But Ishio stopped him. “Here’s good.”
“But this is still in view of the social cameras, you know,” he
replied, blinking hard.
“I don’t care,” Ishio spat. He shoved both hands into the pockets of his uniform and leaned back against the high steel railing
before continuing. “Arita, you got called in by Sugeno, yeah?”
I knew it. The whole class already knows about it. So this is
the “weird rumor” Taku called about. I was trying to be careful,
but some other student must have seen me going into the counselor’s office. But still, news of that has gotten around pretty
fast. Almost like someone was deliberately spreading the
rumor…

And then Haruyuki reminded himself that now was not the
time for thinking outside thoughts, and he stared at Ishio and the
other boy standing a little way off before nodding slightly. “Yeah.”
“So then it was you? The one who put the camera in the girls’
shower room?”
“No!” This time, his reply was immediate.
Ishio looked down on Haruyuki shaking his head and simply
rubbed a hand over hair so short it was practically shaved.
“Well.” The other boy spoke for the first time. “You can’t exactly say, ‘I sure did,’ can you? But, look, I just don’t think the
school’s gonna be calling a student in with no evidence. I mean, if
it goes badly, they’d have a complaint against them instead.”
It’s just that hothead Sugeno! I mean, he actually got mad
about rights and the law and whatever! He could insist on his
innocence all he wanted, but he knew they wouldn’t believe him,
so his best option was to keep his mouth shut.
Ishio then took one, two steps to approach Haruyuki. “You got
released after getting called in, so I guess they suspect you but
don’t have any proof?” he said in a near-whisper. “But here’s the
thing, I can’t just let it go because there’s no proof.” Ishio suddenly grabbed Haruyuki’s tie with his left hand and yanked him
in. Haruyuki got a close-up taste of the other boy’s rage-filled
eyes. “Listen. My girlfriend was in the shower room when they
found that camera. The whole thing hit her really hard. She was
out from school yesterday and again today!”
At this point, Ishio’s behavior was a clear violation of school
regulations. But the starting player for the basketball team
brushed off the other boy, who tried to stop him, and brandished
his right fist in a showy manner. “There’s no way I can let this go,
Arita. I have to do this, no chooooiiiice!!” He thrust his fist forward awkwardly.

Haruyuki probably could have dodged the blow. Ishio’s fist
was clumsy and couldn’t begin to compare with the punches from
the students who used to bully Haruyuki, boys well acquainted
with fighting. He could even go a step further—if he used the
“physical burst” command to accelerate physically, maybe he
could turn the tables and beat the taller boy instead. As it was,
Ishio’s face was twisted up into what amounted to a confession
that he had never hit anyone before.
But, of course, Haruyuki did not dodge or retaliate, but simply
took the punch to his left cheek. Winning a fight with the power
of acceleration was the lowest of the low, even if it wasn’t against
the rules of the Black Legion. He heard a sharp crack, and for all
its awkwardness, Ishio’s fist made an impact that pushed
Haruyuki’s body back a few steps.
The Haruyuki of six months earlier maybe would have broken
at this point and sniveled an apology. But he stopped after those
few staggered steps and glared at Ishio as he felt the hot throbbing in his cheek. “I don’t care how many times I have to say it,”
he shouted. “I didn’t do it!!”
Ishio clenched his teeth and made another fist, but at last, he
relaxed his hand. “If you can prove that,” he replied, “you can hit
me as many times as you want. But”—the basketball player with
the shaved head thrust out a finger this time, rather than a fist,
and declared crisply—“if it turns out you did do it, I’ll smash that
Neurolinker of yours and make it so you can’t look at any images
or videos or anything.”
And then he whirled around and took long strides toward the
stairs, rubbing his right hand with his left as if trying to wipe
away the lingering sensation. The other boy followed suit, and
Haruyuki was left alone on the roof.
This little bit of theater had to have been clearly recorded by
several social cameras. If Haruyuki lodged a complaint about
having been hit, regardless of the circumstances, Ishio would at

the very least be suspended and probably lose his spot on the basketball team’s starting lineup.
But, of course, Haruyuki had no intention of doing that. Ishio
was just another person who’d gotten dragged into this mess.
Into this lightless, heatless nihilistic vortex that the cruel villain
Seiji Nomi had created.
Running a hand over his left cheek to check that he wasn’t
bleeding, Haruyuki trudged toward the stairs. As he walked, he
opened his mail app and typed a short message to Takumu.
“It didn’t turn into anything big. I’ll explain everything after
school. Sorry to make you worry,” he wrote briefly, hit SEND, and
then started to reach for Chiyuri’s address. But on the verge of
touching it, he yanked his hand back. He couldn’t erase Chiyuri’s
fears with mere words anymore. The only way to get her back was
to destroy Nomi, the source of all the problems.
A simple “Got it” soon came back from Takumu. He felt his
friend’s concern in that brevity, and finally relaxing his shoulders,
Haruyuki trotted back to the classroom so that he could be on
time for his next class.
Lunch break.
The bell had no sooner rung than Haruyuki was headed for the
cafeteria by himself.
The cafeteria, too, with the missing ninth graders, was naturally a fair bit emptier than usual. Not feeling much like eating
some bread up on the roof, where he had so recently had such an
unpleasant experience, he lined up at the self-service counter.
From the menu displayed in his field of vision, he selected pork
curry with a boiled okra topping and checked that the holotag was
floating in front of him. The lunch lady dished out the curry at superhigh speed, set the okra on it, pushed it onto the counter, and
the bill was settled with a ringing sound. He grabbed the tray with

both hands and looked around for a place to sit.
His gaze naturally moved to the lounge at the eastern edge of
the cafeteria. But he didn’t have the courage to charge into the
space with its round white tables surrounded by plants and its
obviously different atmosphere by himself, so instead he plopped
himself down in a corner of one of the zillions of long tables. He
picked up his spoon and glanced around. All the other students
were enjoying their lunch, laughing and talking. No one was looking at Haruyuki. Or so he thought.
But he couldn’t help feeling like everyone in the place was talking to one another telepathically. The secret-video criminal is
here. No, that was impossible. He tried to shake the feeling off,
but the indescribable weirdness of the moment he entered
eighth-grade class C that morning had soaked into his skin.
To at least forget it, he started jamming curry into his mouth,
but the blockage in his throat didn’t seem to be going anywhere,
even though just curry in his mouth was normally enough to
make him unconditionally happy.
What if…
What if this thinking, this awareness of “Arita in class C’s the
one who did the secret video” thing, took root among all the students, whether there was proof of it or not?
Wouldn’t it be hard for even Kuroyukihime, the student council vice president, to uproot it? In fact, she might be dragged
down by Haruyuki and lose her current standing. Even if, hypothetically speaking, that did happen, she would never dream of
abandoning him, but what if, because of him, they all gave
Kuroyukihime the cold shoulder, too? What if she was alienated
within the school like he had been last year, or in the worst case,
she ended up the butt of jokes?
Haruyuki felt goose bumps shudder up onto his skin. He

dropped his spoon onto his plate with a clank and grabbed his
arms tightly with both hands. At that moment, he felt an abrupt
presence and lifted his face.
A group of four or five people walking off in the distance
greeted his eyes.
At the private Umesato Junior High School, there was a sports
department scholarship system of sorts. The school wasn’t particularly famous for sports, so the system was more on the level of a
slight reduction in tuition for players who did well enough to
make it to the intercity tournament level or higher. Even so, there
was no doubt that there was a clear category of “scholarship student elites.”
The group on which Haruyuki’s eyes had landed was made up
of a few of these sports athletes. A starting player on the girls’
softball team, the hope of the boys’ swim team, and a small student chatting away in the middle of them—
No mistake, it was a seventh grader from the kendo team, Seiji
Nomi.
The kendo team at Umesato was definitely strong, but Nomi
had just joined it that month; he hadn’t been out to a real tournament yet. The earliest he’d be able to obtain scholarship student
status would be in the latter half of that year, but they’d already
welcomed him into their group, which meant that his win at the
team tournament the previous week had made a real impact.
But you didn’t even win that tournament with your own
power!
Haruyuki unconsciously bit his lip, hard. At that time, as if
sensing his eyes glaring from the corner of the long table in the
distance, Nomi turned his gaze toward him with a casual gesture.
Haruyuki saw the cherubic smile on his feminine face instantly

transform. Appearing from beneath the mask that peeled off was
a cold, sadistically joyful grin, a thin razor sharpened to the extreme. Haruyuki felt as though he could hear his voice in the back
of his mind.
What do you think, Arita? What’s it like to be covered in mud,
slipping endlessly down this hill? Having all your precious
things taken from you one by one and smashed?
Nomi faced forward again to turn his original innocent smile
upon the upperclassmen as he entered the brilliantly lit lounge
without the slightest hesitation.
Even after the plants blocked him from view and Haruyuki
could no longer see him, he continued to glare at the place where
Nomi had been for a long time.
There was no doubt about it now. Nomi was the one who had
spread the story of Haruyuki being interviewed by his homeroom
teacher so fast to the class. Not only that, but given the situation,
it was probably him who had tipped the school authorities off
about Haruyuki having come to school on Sunday.
Abruptly, an enormous rage and an even greater terror
erupted from the depths of his body, and Haruyuki desperately
suppressed the urge to flip the table. No. He couldn’t let his spirit
be broken here. That would just be a return to his cowardly self of
six months earlier. And not only that. If he lost heart now and
sank to the bottomless depths of the bog that Nomi had created,
he’d be dragging Takumu and Chiyuri—and Kuroyukihime—
down with him.
It starts now, Haruyuki murmured in his heart as he robotically shoveled curry with his spoon. I’ve faced this level of adversity a hundred times. I’ll show him. I’ll crawl back up one more
time. No, I’ll get up again a million times. I’m done looking at the
ground.

He opened his mouth wide, stuffed his cheeks with the curry
piled high on his spoon, and chewed forcefully. The freshman girl
sitting diagonally across from him gaped and stared in shock at
Haruyuki cleaning his plate with incredible speed.

4
For the two hours of the afternoon, he wouldn’t go so far as to say
he was sitting on a bed of nails; the prickliness was more on the
level of a cheese grater. The one thing that could be said to be
lucky for him, if only just barely, was that now that Ishio from the
basketball team had faced off with him, the classroom seemed to
have put any further reaction on hold.
However, the girls’ eyes were about 30 percent colder than
usual, and some of the boys were already in the middle of deliberations on which nickname to present to Haruyuki. Before they
could decide between what were apparently the final candidates
—“Camerita” and “Papayuki”—Haruyuki grabbed his bag and
umbrella and left the classroom.
He cut through the schoolyard in a straight line, the concrete
wet and black with the rain that began falling in the afternoon
just as the forecast had said, and breathed a sigh of relief once he
had passed through the gates. With a TAKE CARE ON YOUR WAY
HOME, he was disconnected from the Umesato JH local net.
Global net information popped up in his vision, and he felt
soothed in his heart, somehow, at this sense of connection.
He leaned against a wall twenty meters or so from the school
gate and stared attentively at the headline news, the sound of the
rain against his umbrella as background music. Finally, he heard
familiar footfalls approaching.
“Sorry to make you wait, Haru,” Takumu said, navy-blue umbrella hoisted in greeting.
Haruyuki returned his brief wave, and they fell in step with

each other, walking east on the sidewalk.
A few minutes later, Haruyuki was the first to open his mouth.
“Are you really sure it’s okay for you to miss practice two days in
a row?”
“It’s fine; it’s totally fine. The captain and the coach are both
totally obsessed with the genius rookie; a transfer player like me
isn’t even on their radar.”
“That’s a mess, too, huh? But at least with everyone focusing
on that jerk Nomi, you’re free to move a bit more easily.”
Bitter smiles crossed both of their faces, and they walked another minute in silence. When the intersection where Oume
Kaido met Kannana Street came into view, Haruyuki finally
broached the subject himself.
“Sugeno called me in today, about the hidden camera thing…
Of course, I didn’t do it.”
“Obviously. Sugeno calling you in even though he has no proof
of anything—” Takumu started indignantly, but Haruyuki
stopped him.
“But I’m in a position where I could very easily be turned into
the bad guy,” he continued, almost groaning. “The whole thing
was a trap Seiji Nomi set up for me. And I walked right into it…”
It took a lot longer than he had expected to explain the whole
of Nomi’s trap.
By the time they got on the electric-engine bus and settled
down next to each other in the back, Haruyuki had finally finished giving Takumu an overview of the situation he had gotten
dragged into. He left out only two things: the infection route for
the visual masking program Nomi used on him and the fact that
he had run into Chiyuri totally naked in the shower room.

However, the computational power of Takumu’s brain was in
perfect working order at a time like this, and he appeared to have
immediately understood the program route. As soon as Haruyuki
clamped his mouth shut, his good friend took off his blue glasses
and pressed his hand firmly against his forehead.
“…Right.” His voice was broken with a powerful sense of selfreproach. “It was that picture, huh? The kendo team photo with
the new members that I sent you. So it was infected with a virus.
Sorry, Haru. I totally forgot to check it—”
“N-no, it’s not your fault!” Haruyuki hurriedly shook his head
several times. “That virus was probably set to self-destruct the
moment the photo was read in a system with a kendo team register tag. If anyone should have been more careful, it was me, the
target. He’s been gunning for me, not you, right from the start.”
“But I should’ve noticed something was up when I saw the file
was a little too big. Instead, I go and charge into your house,
when you’re having to deal with something like this. I said all
those things to you…I even hit you on top of that!” Takumu
shoved his glasses back on, grabbed Haruyuki’s right hand with
both hands, and yanked it up.
“Whoa! Hey! What—”
“Haru, hit me. You have to hit me or I’ll never be able to forgive myself.”
“I said it’s fine! It’s fine!”
Flustered, Haruyuki sent his eyes racing back and forth between Takumu’s face and the front of the bus. The housewives
and students on the bus with them were staring with wide eyes or
giggling. If they couldn’t hear their conversation, how on earth
were they interpreting this situation: tall, handsome Takumu
grabbing the hand of small, round Haruyuki and leaning into
him?

But Takumu didn’t seem to even notice the eyes around them.
He gradually brought his face even closer, so Haruyuki was forced
to whisper, “Wait, hold up, Taku! Uh, I…You have to hit me, too.”
“Huh? What are you talking about?” Takumu furrowed his
brow doubtfully.
Haruyuki returned his look and apologized—Chiyu! Sorry!—in
his mind. She had told him that he was under no circumstances
to talk about this, but with Takumu at least, Haruyuki was no
longer interested in simply keeping quiet and letting things happen while he hung his head and stared at the ground.
“The thing is…When I was tricked by the visual masker and I
went into the girls’ shower room…Chiyu kind of showed up.”
It took another two minutes to explain this incident.
Dropping heavily back into his own seat, Takumu pressed his
fingertips between his eyebrows and sighed. “Is that it? So that’s
how Chi’s involved in all this…”
“…It is…”
A totally different expression on his face, Takumu gave
Haruyuki a sidelong glance and raised a single finger. “Anyway,
let’s leave this for now. I don’t need to hear the specific details of
what you saw, Haru. For Chi’s sake, too.”
“Right…You really are a gentleman, Taku.”
“Thanks. Anyway, if that’s the case, then I guess we can assume this is the basis of Nomi’s threat. The secret video of you
would definitely be an effective card against Chi, too…That has to
be it.”
“Yeah. If he’s managed to see through Chiyuri like this to
threaten her, Nomi is a serious genius at attacking other people’s

weak points.”
Takumu let out a long breath and patted Haruyuki’s knee
lightly. “But that’s also his own weak point,” Takumu said in a
slightly sharper voice.
“Huh?”
“I mean, it is, right? Taking, threatening, making people do
what he says—that’s not friendship in the real sense of the word.
Even if he is making Chi, Lime Bell, obey him now, Nomi, Dusk
Taker, is essentially alone. How can we lose to a guy like that?”
“…Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
This time, it was Haruyuki grabbing Takumu’s hand, which
was still resting on his knees. The cool, bony touch gave him
more hope than he could say, and he was grateful from the bottom of his heart that Takumu/Cyan Pile was right there next to
him.
They crossed Shinoume Kaido and got off the bus just as they
were about to enter Nerima Ward.
They opened their umbrellas and watched the stream of cars
flowing before them for a while. On the other side of the vehicles
driving along, motors and hydrogen engines purring, was the territory controlled by the Red Legion, Prominence. Even though
they had a truce with the Black Legion Nega Nebulus, that was
only for the weekend Territory Battles. If they crossed the street
now with their Neurolinkers still connected to the global net,
there was no doubt that they’d be challenged to a duel in less than
five minutes.
After meeting Takumu’s eyes and nodding, Haruyuki took a
deep breath and spoke the command. “Command: voice call.
Number: zero five.”

As he listened to the sound of the call being made, sweat oozed
from his hands. He told himself to calm down, but he couldn’t
curb his nervousness. After all, the person he was calling was
none other than the level-niner controlling the strongest longdistance duel avatar in the Accelerated World, the Immobile
Fortress who struck fear in the hearts of those around her, the
Red King Scarlet Rain.
“I haven’t talked to you in ages, big brother Haruyuuuki!”
The high-pitched voice filled his brain, and Haruyuki’s knees
started to buckle. Somehow managing to stay on his feet, he
replied out loud rather than with neurospeak for the benefit of
Takumu next to him. “Oh, s-sorry I haven’t kept in touch. Yuniko
—”
“Ugh, Niko’s fine, okay? So what’s up, calling me out of the
blue like this?” The Red King Niko was in angel mode, which was
nothing more than a whim when she was in a good mood. But it
did make things easier for him, so he spoke quickly to keep this
chance from getting away.
“Uh, um, there’s something I want to talk—or, I guess, get your
advice on. If you can, it’d be great if we could meet now in the
real. Uh, of course we’d come to Nerima.”
“Hmm. It’s raining, you know? Oh, but I was feeling kinda
like having some cake. One with tons of strawberries!”
“M-my treat, my treat. You can eat as many pieces as you
want.”
“All right! In that case, meet me here.”
A map whooshed up in his field of vision as she spoke. The
flashing dot was in the neighborhood of Sakuradai Station on the
Seibu Line, not far from where they were.

“O-okay. We can probably make it there in about fifteen minutes.”
“Okay! See you soon!”
And then the call was disconnected. But they had pushed past
the first barrier at least. He sighed heavily as he lifted his face.
“I have money,” Takumu said with a slightly meek look.
“Nah, we’ll split it.”
“But we’re getting her to meet us today because of me, so…”
While they were having this little back and forth, the next bus
came, so they cut it short and jumped on. The moment they sat
down, they disconnected their Neurolinkers from the global net.
The bus raced along, large motor roaring, and crossed Shinoume
Kaido to plunge into Nerima, the area reigned over by the Red
Legion.
The shop they had been directed to was a cute little cake place
tucked neatly among a row of shops on a small commercial street.
Inside, half the room was taken up by chairs and tables, which he
assumed meant that you could also eat in.
They had just closed their umbrellas and shaken the water off
when they heard energetic splashing—feet jumping in puddles,
approaching from behind. Haruyuki started to turn, only to find a
small fist dug into his round stomach before he even had the
chance to attempt a dodge.
“Hng!”
The grin looking up at the groaning Haruyuki from under a
red umbrella belonged to a sweet-looking girl with large, greenish
eyes, glittering in a small face full of freckles. Soft red hair was
tied up in thin bundles on each side of her head, and she carried

an elementary school backpack on her navy-uniformed back. The
Neurolinker peeking out on her neck was the transparent red of a
gem.
The girl took a step back. “Long time no see, big brother,” she
said, twirling her umbrella. “You’re round as always, huh!” She
turned her face to the left. “And you, Professor. You’re gloomy as
always!”
Stiff smiles rose up on their faces, and they bowed briefly in
greeting.
“It has been a while. Sorry for calling you out like this, Niko—”
“Totes fine! Let’s just get to the cake already!” The girl—ruler
of the Nerima area, the Red King Yuniko Kozuki—shoved her umbrella into the umbrella stand and dashed into the store. The two
hurried after her.
They sat at the table farthest back, and once they had a piece
of cake outfitted with some serious strawberry resources and the
somewhat frightening name “Strawberry Labyrinth,” an iced
milk, and the two coffees they had ordered before them, Niko immediately picked up her fork and used it to stab a large strawberry that was glittering and shining at the very top of the concoction. She popped it into her mouth, filling her cheek, and grinned
happily.
She stared at Haruyuki, who had gotten carried away watching
her and had started to move his own mouth sympathetically.
“You can’t have any!” she said, the purest of smiles on her lips.
“Th-that’s fine.”
“Aaw. Just kidding! Here, open up!”
She speared another berry and thrust it out in front of
Haruyuki, so he reflexively opened wide. But with a heartless “kii-

iiidding,” she rotated the strawberry one hundred eighty degrees
away from him and Haruyuki’s teeth came down with a klak on
empty air.
Thanks to a purposeful cough from Takumu, who was watching this play out from his side, Haruyuki returned to himself.
Right, this isn’t the time for that. He drew himself up straighter.
“A-anyway, Niko. What we wanted to talk to you about today…
We wanted to meet in the real like this because we had a little
favor to ask you.”
“Fay-fer?” Gulp. “Ten strawberries and you got my ear.”
“I—I don’t know how that’ll work exactly.” He glanced at
Takumu, scratched his head, and got right into the meat of this
audience. “Um, we want you to teach the Professor here—I mean,
Takumu—about…how to use the Incarnate System.”
Niko froze just as she was about to scarf down her sixth strawberry. Blinking her deep green eyes repeatedly, she cocked her
small head to one side, only to return her fork to her plate, strawberry still stabbed on its tines, and then leaned back in her chair.
Haruyuki could practically hear the snap of her circuits
switching, i.e., the sound of Niko’s angel mode ending.
The innocent smile, so suited to the face of a sixth-grade girl,
disappeared, and her eyes narrowed sharply. “What?” she barked
in a dangerous voice colored with fire.
Sweat dripping down his forehead, Haruyuki began to explain,
but she held a single finger up to silence him. Niko stood up.
“Just gonna borrow the back room for a minute,” she called to the
clerk behind the counter.
The young woman in a grape-colored pinafore nodded silently,
and Niko started to walk briskly, the plate of half-eaten cake in
her right hand and the glass of milk in her left. Haruyuki and

Takumu looked at each other and, having no choice, grabbed
their coffee cups and followed her.
A thin hallway stretched out from the back of the eat-in corner, in the middle of which was a thick door with a sign that said
PRIVATE. Naturally, it appeared to be locked, but Niko raised the
hand with the glass up into the air and hit a single point, after
which came the sound of the lock opening.
On the other side of the door was a chic Western-style room
about nine square meters in size. The walls and the floor were
covered with a blackish paneling, a large sofa set sat in the center
of the room, and beyond that was visible a door to what appeared
to be a bathroom.
Niko gently placed her plate and glass on the sofa set’s coffee
table, flicked a finger around on her virtual desktop to check
something, and then turned toward them abruptly. “Idiots!!” she
shouted. “You don’t just start running your mouth about Incarnate in public!!”
“Ah! S—! Sorry!”
Haruyuki and Takumu stood ramrod straight and Niko glared
at them both with eyes that looked like they might shoot fire. Finally, she heaved an enormous sigh, threw her small body down
onto the sofa, and crossed her legs tightly.
“Well, I’ll let it go this time. Sit.”
“O-okay.”
They also placed their cups on the table and sat down on the
sofa across from her. Niko grabbed another strawberry with her
right hand and popped it in her mouth. “This room’s sealed, so
it’s safe,” she said in a low voice. “First off, tell me where you guys
even heard about the Incarnate System. I know it wasn’t your girl
—Black Lotus. Because then you could just get her to teach you,

and anyway, it’s too soon for that. Way too soon.”
Before he answered that question, Haruyuki had a few of his
own. What was this shop exactly? Why would a cake shop in the
middle of town have an electromagnetic isolation room?
However, the look on Niko’s face indicated she was very much
not in the mood for any detours, and he was forced to shelve his
own questions. Taking a deep breath, he looked right at the Red
King and began to talk.
“Umm, it’s kind of a long story, but the whole thing started
when a Burst Linker started at Umesato Junior High—the school
we go to—as a freshman seventh grader…”
Working hard to summarize the key points with utmost
brevity, Haruyuki continued his explanation: that although this
new student Dusk Taker was connected to the in-school local net,
he wasn’t registered on the Brain Burst matching list. That he had
toyed with them in the real world with a variety of tricks to back
them into a corner. That he had used the special attack Demonic
Commandeer to take Haruyuki’s wings in the Accelerated World.
That to fight back against this difficult enemy, Haruyuki had
trained long hours in the Unlimited Neutral Field and studied
how to use his will. That although they had been one step away
from driving Dusk Taker into his own desperate corner thanks to
this power, they had lost in an upset because of Lime Bell’s sudden breakaway. And then, finally, that the Black King, Black
Lotus, was on a school trip and would be away until the following
Saturday.
He left out only Lime Bell’s healing abilities and Dusk Taker’s
real information—i.e., the name Seiji Nomi.
The whole thing took nearly fifteen minutes, and once
Haruyuki was finished, Niko still kept her mouth mostly shut.
She stuffed her cheek with the final strawberry from the cake she
had eaten as she listened, taking her time with it. Finally, she

hummed nasally.
“Right, I get it. Dusk Taker…He’s a duel avatar with a plundering ability. Add in the fact that he uses the Incarnate, and he really would be too much for you two to handle as you are now.”
“Unfortunately, it’s just as you say,” Takumu said quietly.
“Even in a situation where I should have the advantage, like close
combat inside a building, once he started to use the Incarnate
System, I couldn’t fight back at all. I’m nothing more than baggage right now. I’m in the way. And…I hate that more than anything.”
Niko shot a sharp look at Takumu as he pressed his clasped
hands against his forehead in supplication, and then she let out a
thoughtful sigh. “Which is why you came all the way to Nerima to
ask me to teach the two of you—or rather, Pile—how to use the
Incarnate System.”
“That’s exactly it, Red King.” Takumu nodded deeply.
Niko deftly twirled her fork between her fingers and pointed
the handle at each of them in turn. “Well, it’s not like I don’t sympathize with the situation you guys are in. But…to be honest, this
is someone else’s fight, another king’s Legion’s. And if I decided
to, say, ignore this instead, Nega Nebulus’d be destroyed for me,
and that’s a future pain in my ass gone. That’s the rational conclusion here, yeah?” Unable to contain himself, Haruyuki tried to
butt in. But Niko still had more to say. “So let’s say I say that. And
then Crow there’s gonna say something like, How can you say
that when you came to us for help when your own Legion was in
trouble? I think you still seriously owe us one. Or something.
Right? That’s the gist of it?”
Haruyuki had been about to say exactly that. Beaten to the
punch, he simply flapped his jaw.
Niko returned the fork to her plate, pushed the whole thing to

a corner of the table, thumped her rain-boot-free feet up in the
now-empty space, and clasped her hands behind her head. “Aaah,
I knew something like this would happen one of these days! Lecture on the Incarnate Systeeeeem, that’s some pretty steep interest on that debt.”
As he watched Niko sighing and shaking her head, Haruyuki
leaned forward unconsciously. “What? So, so then…you’ll do it?”
“Got no choice, do I? Pretty annoying to have people thinking I
don’t pay back my debts, right? Honestly, if I knew this was what
was up, I would’ve gotten the Royal Palace instead of the Strawberry Labyrinth,” she grumped, and Haruyuki couldn’t suppress
the warmth expanding in his chest.
He knew that people in the Accelerated World did not exist
just to fight as duelers. Even if they stood against each other as
enemies, there was something more important than that. There
was friendship, bonds.
Not knowing how to express the emotions overflowing inside
him, Haruyuki grabbed one of the bobby-sock-clad feet that had
been thrown up on the table in front of him. Instantly—
“Eeaah!! Wh-why do you always grab my feet, you total perv!!”
she shrieked in anger, and kicked with her other leg to bury that
foot in Haruyuki’s cheek.
Steam rising from her head, Instructor Niko’s first command
was, “Get the plugs from under the table and connect them to
your Neurolinkers.”
They twisted their necks and groped about to find that there
were in fact several XSB plugs protruding from a hub-like contraption with a winding device. At any rate, although he pulled
one out at the same time as Takumu, he felt a slight resistance to
directing with an unknown connection.

“No tricks or anything in here!” Niko roared, casually inserting
the plug. “This room’s isolated, so the only way to connect globally is with an actual cable, all right?”
So he hurried to obey. The connection warning popped up in
his field of vision and then disappeared.
After running the fingers of both hands through space for a
while, Niko looked at each of them in turn. “All right, it’s almost
five,” she said in a more severe tone. “I have to be back at the
dorm by six, so the time I can spend with you two is thirty minutes, up to five thirty, five hundred hours in the Accelerated
World…about twenty days. In that time, you’ll learn an Incarnate
technique you can use in an actual battle. And if you can’t do it,
well, I can’t watch out for your sorry asses any longer than that.”
“No,” Takumu replied immediately to the Red King’s cool
words. “One week inside. That’s enough.”
“Oh ho! Big talk, Professor. I’ll just see if you’re as ready as
you think you are.” Grinning, Niko leaned her slim body, clad in a
navy blazer and a pleated skirt, back on the sofa. “Okay, then.
When I count to zero, we all dive into the Unlimited Neutral
Field. Ready?”
Haruyuki and Takumu also pressed their backs and heads into
the sofa. “Yes.”
“Here we go. Ten, nine, eight, seven…”
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. A second after he
heard Niko’s count reach one, he shouted the command to fly
into the true Accelerated World.

5
The first thing he felt was a merciless cold, as if they had gone
back in time three months.
Timidly opening his eyes, a gradient from white to blue and
nothing else filled his field of vision. Snow. And ice. Every geological feature was built from thick ice, which was lightly covered by
pure white snow. The sky was a uniform surface of milk-colored
clouds.
“An Ice stage? Not happy about this.”
At the sound of the voice, he looked to his right, where a girl
avatar with ruby-red armor stood, long antennas swinging on her
head. She was even smaller than Silver Crow. With her face mask
and the round, cute lenses shining there, and her smooth body
with basically no pointed edges, she looked like nothing more
than a harmless mascot character. But this duel avatar was a
long-distance fire demon who struck fear in the hearts of other
avatars, the true form of the leader of Prominence, Scarlet Rain.
The Red King stared up at Haruyuki. “Hey, Crow!” she said,
sounding dissatisfied. “That metal armor of yours, it good against
the cold, too?”
“Y-yes, basically.” He bobbed his head.
She had no sooner shouted, “No fair!” than she abruptly
scooped up a pile of snow at her feet with both hands and rubbed
it into his back.
“Eeyaaaha!”

“See! This body’ll just rust! See! See?!”
“Jaaah! When I said good against the cold, I meant cold damage! The sensation of cold is still the same, you know!!”
Bouncing around to escape the ice attack, he heard an exaggerated cough at a short distance. Turning his gaze in that direction with Niko, he saw a large avatar with dark blue armor standing there, arms crossed. Of course, it was Takumu—Cyan Pile.
“O-oh, that’s right, right.” Scarlet Rain stepped away from
Haruyuki, seemingly embarrassed, and coughed theatrically.
“Anyhoooo, I’ll just say welcome to my Nerima! Although if
things were different, I’d be swooping in to chase your asses out
of here!” She flung her arms out with a flourish, so Haruyuki
looked around once again.
The first thing he felt was the immensity of the sky. He quickly
understood the reason for this. Although the frozen intersection
of roads where they were currently standing wasn’t that large,
there were basically no large-terrain objects that would obstruct
his field of view. He could see a lone, tall ice palace in the northwest. He overlaid a map of the real world for comparison in the
back of his mind and figured it was probably the Nerima Ward office. Other than that, there was just an enormous tower, hazy as
though melting into the distant eastern sky. That was probably
Sunshine City in Ikebukuro in Toshima Ward, where they had
fought Chrome Disaster. There were no enemies or other Burst
Linkers for as far as his eyes could see.
Haruyuki took in a chestful of the chill air. “It’s so wide open!
This area’s great!”
Instantly, a snowball howling through the air hit smack-dab in
the middle of Silver Crow’s helmet. “S-so sorry there’s nothing to
show you! Your little Suginami’s got nothing, either, you know!!”
Niko shouted, antennas standing on end. She turned away before
continuing. “Seriously! Introduction over! Lesson commencing

immediately! Sit down over there, both of you!”
Guessing that his words were somehow an anger trigger for
the residents of Nerima Ward, Haruyuki met Takumu’s eyes and
hurriedly took a formal kneeling position in the center of the intersection.
Scarlet Rain’s aura abruptly changed as she drew herself up to
her full height and paced briskly before them, arms crossed. The
childishness that had drifted about her evaporated without a
trace. The light emitted from within her lenses grew starker, and
the physical stature of the avatar even seemed to grow.
“I’ll just say this to start.” Her voice was tinged with an echo
cooler and crisper than the icy wind of the stage. “Before I teach
you about the Incarnate System, there’s one thing you have to
swear to me.” She looked at Haruyuki, who gulped loudly, and
Takumu in turn, before announcing succinctly, “You absolutely
must not use an Incarnate attack unless attacked with an Incarnate attack. Swear on your pride as a Burst Linker that you will
always obey this rule!”
“Uh, um, is that because it’s cowardly?” Haruyuki asked involuntarily, and Niko refuted him immediately.
“No. It’s because in this game, the real enemy is you yourself.
Because ultimately, Incarnate exists not for defeating enemies
but for confronting your own weakness. So? You swear it?”
Pressed like this, there was no way they could say no. And they
didn’t want to study the Incarnate System so that they could use
it to win in duels. It was just to fight the Incarnate user Dusk
Taker. Haruyuki and Takumu glanced over at each other. “Yes!”
they shouted in unison.
“Good. You break this promise, and I’ll take responsibility and
show you a serious world of hurt.”

Bobbing his head up and down at lightning speed, Haruyuki
timidly asked a follow-up question. “Uh, but, I mean, an Incarnate attack, at first glance, it’s hard to tell apart from a regular
special attack. I feel like you don’t know until you’re hit—”
“Look, you’ve at least learned the first steps, haven’t you?”
Niko said, slightly disgusted, and stuck out the index finger of her
right hand. “Listen up. An Incarnate attack is different from a
special attack in two big ways. One: When you use it, your special-attack gauge doesn’t go down!”
“O-oh, th-that’s true.” Haruyuki nodded, but the next question
soon popped into his head. “But then what are you supposed to
do in the Unlimited Neutral Field, where you can’t see your opponent’s gauge?”
Niko threw another finger up. “Two! It glows!”
“I-it glows?” He parroted her too-vague words back at her. Although it was true, now that she mentioned it: Haruyuki’s sword
of light was indeed a white light, and Nomi’s nihilistic pulsation
also emitted a purple light, but was this a systemic phenomenon
shared by all Incarnate attacks?
Niko heard the uncertainty in Haruyuki’s voice, and a faint
smile spread across her lips. “This isn’t some wishy-washy thing
like a battle cry or fighting spirit or whatever. Listen up. When
you use an Incarnate attack, your consciousness and your duel
avatar are connected through the Image Control System. When
excessive imagination passes through this circuit, the irregular
signals spamming the system are processed as a particulate effect
with no real form—in other words, as light. Specifically, it’s…like
this.”
Niko clenched the right hand still thrust out in front of her.
Suddenly, red flames rose from her fist up to her elbow. Or
rather, they weren’t exactly flames, but a red light wrapped
around her arm, flickering.

“It depends on the strength of the will, but if the image’s
strong enough to use in a fight, it’ll definitely glow this much at
least. We just call it ‘Overlay.’ Get it? And the one and only time
an avatar continuously emits light like this is when the Incarnate
System has been activated. Even if a special attack does glow, it’s
only for a second.”
The flames disappeared as abruptly as they had arrived. “In
other words,” Niko said, summing up, “if the enemy avatar glows
with an aura like the one I had just now, and their gauge doesn’t
go down, it’s an Incarnate attack. But, look…even if you do get in
that kind of sitch, if you can run, run. Responding with Incarnate
to Incarnate is only for those fights when there’s literally no other
way. Got it?!”
The question of why the system had to be so tightly restricted
was a natural one. However, Niko, waiting for the pair before her
to respond, had an intensely menacing air about her befitting a
king, and Haruyuki couldn’t bring himself to ask anything else.
“Yes, understood!” he shouted as one with Takumu, and the
Red King finally nodded, as if satisfied.
“Good. Then that’s it for the preliminaries.” She crossed her
arms in front of her flat chest and cleared her throat. “You guys’re
prob’ly thinking like this right now,” she commented unexpectedly. “That the Incarnate System must be incredibly powerful if
using it’s so seriously restricted, and if you master it, you’ll be
able to do anything. But that is a huge mistake.”
“…Huh.” His surprise at this won out over the intimidation
emanating from the Red King, and Haruyuki unthinkingly spoke.
“B-but…doesn’t the Incarnate System make the impossible possible—”
“No. Listen, Incarnate’s not a cure-all. Get that in your brain
right off the bat.” After she refuted him, her tone inferno hot,
Niko continued with the faintest of smiles bleeding onto her lips.

“You seem unhappy, Crow. You don’t agree?”
Swallowing hard, Haruyuki nodded hesitantly. “Y-yeah. I
mean, I-I’ve experienced myself how amazing the power of the
will is. Both getting hit with that power and hitting with it.”
“Hmm, you seem pretty sure of yourself. Okay. Stand up.”
He obeyed the flicking index finger gesturing him to his feet
and pulled his body up nervously. Feeling Takumu’s eyes on him,
he took a few steps forward.
“So now show me this power of yours.”
Haruyuki had been expecting her to say this, so the instant he
stood, he had readied himself for it. Responding with a simple
“Got it,” he walked over toward a large block of ice that had fallen
nearby.
I know my Incarnate attack’s definitely not going to be anything from King Niko’s point of view, but still. Although a layer
under this thought there definitely existed a feeling of Okay, I’ll
show you! After all, Haruyuki had pierced the nihilistic fluctuation of his formidable enemy Dusk Taker with a sword of light he
had spent a week facing off with the three-hundred-meter-high
precipice of old Tokyo Tower to master.
He stopped about a meter and a half in front of a transparent
blue ice block the same size as he was and dropped his hips into a
ready stance. He definitely wouldn’t be able to reach across this
distance with his normal succession of punches. He folded the
thumb of his right hand into his palm and lined the remaining
four fingers up in a row. Twisting his torso to the right, he pulled
his sword-shaped hand into his side.
My hand is a sword. A sword that moves at the speed of light
to pierce anything.

The sound of arctic wind blowing through the stage receded
and disappeared. The scene around him sank into a dim gloom,
and only a single point in the center of the blue ice block floated
up, vivid.
Fine vibrations passed through his body with a whine, and the
white light, Niko’s Overlay, appeared at the tip of his sword hand.
This finally spread out from his wrist and up to his elbow.
“Sha!” With a brief battle cry, Haruyuki thrust his sword hand
straight out, using the thrust of his rotating hips.
Shkeeeeng! Together with the high-pitched, crisp sound, a
sharp white light surged more than a meter from his extended
right arm and was swallowed up by the center of the ice block.
A heartbeat after the light disappeared, the ice creaked, and
then the enormous lump split into two pieces along the vertical
crack, which then fell off to the sides. At the weight of the impact,
a thin layer of snow danced up in a plume.
Haruyuki exhaled, pulled himself back up, and turned around
to be greeted by two sets of applause. Takumu was intently bringing together his left hand and the Pile Driver of his right, while
Niko slapped two normal hands together.
“Wow, that’s more serious than I was expecting. Pretty decent.”
Haruyuki started to scratch his head in a “no, it’s no big deal”
kind of way at the Red King’s assessment, but her next comment
stopped him short.
“For a first step of a first step.”
“…F-first step?”
“Obviously! What you used just now was one of the basic In-

carnate techniques, Range Extension.”
“…B-basic?” Haruyuki repeated, stunned, and Niko gestured
for him to come back. When he was sitting in his original spot
again, she cleared her throat and continued.
“Listen, we call it a fancy name, Incarnate, but in the end, it’s
just one more logic executed in the Brain Burst program, okay?
The main idea of it is the ‘overwrite.’ Which is basically something the diver does with image power. To put it another way, a
powerful thought causes the system—the god of this world—to
mistake it for fact.” She paused for breath, and then said slowly,
as if to carve her own words into her two students, “But, look, to
actually make something happen, you need an image so strong
that it tricks you before it tricks the system. Way past the level of
imagination, all the way to conviction. And to have this conviction live in your heart, you need two things: experience built up
over an overwhelming amount of time and desire, sourced from a
missing necessity. An image that doesn’t have both of these backing it will not become fact.”
“…Experience and desire…,” Haruyuki murmured hoarsely,
and Niko nodded slightly.
“So here’s a little something for you,” she said as she took a
few steps back and let both her arms hang down. “I’ll show you
the real thing, just once, so watch closely.”
Haruyuki and Takumu twitched and sat up straighter. To keep
from missing anything, they opened their eyes so wide beneath
their helmets that the orbs almost popped out.
The small, girl-shaped avatar spun around toward the south
side of the intersection. Just like before, an aura of thin red
flames shot up around her left fist. “This is one of the four basic
techniques: Range Expansion.”
With no fighting yell, she shot her left arm forward so fast it

was nearly smoking. The air cracked as if whipped, and a line of
fire was etched in space.
Instantly, a wall of ice some thirty meters away hissed and
erupted in snow-white water vapor, which was dispersed by the
wind, and they saw an enormous hole, big enough for a person to
crawl through, piercing the center of the wall. The smoothed interior went from blue to black, and they couldn’t tell how deep it
went.
The two boys, eyelids peeled back in amazement, heard her
pick up where she had left off. “And this is the second basic technique, Movement Expansion.”
The flaming aura wrapped itself around her small legs this
time. The avatar quickly sank down, and then she completely disappeared.
No. Haruyuki’s eyes could just make out a hazy, blurred
shadow—from behind him. He whirled around and there was
Niko, hands on her hips. She had moved nearly twenty meters
from her original position. When he looked more carefully, he
saw a thin rut etched into the surface of the ice, melted and smoking white.
He didn’t even have time to take a breath before Niko vanished again, leaving nothing but a soft echo behind. A circular rut
enclosed Haruyuki and Takumu, and she was back in her original
position.
It was overwhelming. The range of her long-distance attack
was far beyond Silver Crow’s sword of light, and the speed of her
sliding dash easily put the charge of Ash Roller’s bike to shame.
Clenching both hands tightly to control his immense surprise,
Haruyuki waited for the next performance, so as not to miss a
single thing.

However…
The bright red avatar spread her hands out lightly. “The end.”
“B-but…” It was Takumu who spoke. “Before, you said that
there were four basic techniques—”
“There are. The third is Attack Power Expansion. And the
fourth is Armor Strength Expansion. But, look…I can’t use either
of them.”
“Y-you can’t?! Basic techniques…You, a king?!” Haruyuki
shouted reflexively, and Niko glared at him hard. Still, she explained without losing her cool.
“That’s right. Because…I personally know I’m not that strong.
And that’s because of the mental scars that power this duel
avatar, Scarlet Rain.”
The cherubic mask was turned up to the snowy sky directly
above. “I’m afraid of the world,” the Red King, one of the
strongest people in the Accelerated World, a ruler with terrifying
long-distance firepower, said as if talking to herself, in a voice
that made him feel sad somehow. “Because the closer I get, the
more it hurts me in every possible way. Brain Burst ate up my
longing to get away from the world and made this avatar. Scarlet
Rain’s long-distance flame power’s like the spines on a hedgehog.
Inside all that, I’m just a weakling of a little kid with no power at
all. Which is why I can’t use my will to enhance the attack or defensive power of the main body of this avatar. Understand, Crow?
Pile? This right here is the absolute limit of the Incarnate System.”
For a while, the only sound in the icy world was the reedy
whisper of the cold, wintry wind.
Haruyuki dropped his head and digested the Red King’s words

in his heart. He couldn’t say he knew very much about Niko—Yuniko Kozuki—in the real world. Not knowing her real parents, she
attended a full boarding elementary school that doubled as a welfare facility. That’s all she had told him. But this history was
harsher than Haruyuki could even imagine, and Niko must have
been hurting all this time. So much so that even disguised as an
avatar in the virtual world, she could no longer believe in her own
strength.
In which case, Haruyuki thought, it’s clear, actually too clear,
that my avatar reflects my longing to run away from this place.
Hands to reach for something beyond reach. Wings to flee to a
place where there’s no one. That’s why I could master the Incarnate Range Expansion and why I could recharge the gauge for
the Gale Thruster with the Incarnate Movement Expansion. And
for the same reason, I probably won’t be able to use the Armor
Expansion, which would raise my defensive power.
But even if that is how it is, I want to believe…her. Believe her
telling me over and over and over again, You can change.
“So then is this how it is?” Takumu’s quiet murmur broke the
long silence. “The Incarnate abilities you can obtain are limited to
those that conform with the duel avatar’s essential nature? Or to
put it another way, even if you master Incarnate, you can’t do
what you can’t do.”
“Right,” Niko declared shortly, and turned her eyes on
Haruyuki. “Like that Range Expansion Crow demonstrated before. To be perfectly honest, with the speed and flying ability that
Silver Crow has, you don’t really need that technique. Although
that was probably the optimal training for you to get how to use
the Image Control circuits. And you can say the same thing about
the techniques I showed you. I made a big deal of making that
huge hole in the ice, but even without focusing on the image, I got
this.” She patted the holster on her hip. “If I had used this, I
could’ve made a bigger hole way easier. So then why do you need

an Incarnate attack?”
Haruyuki stared at Niko as she stopped talking, and cocked his
head to the side. But Takumu, being Takumu, sat up very straight
and answered crisply, “Because Incarnate attacks can only be defended against with Incarnate attacks, right?”
“That’s exactly it. Because the Image Control System determines the results of offense and defense faster than commands
given to the system by Movement Control. It’s like you have
swords and shields and clubs, and the enemy has a laser rifle.
And, Professor, you were on the receiving end of an Incarnate attack from this Dusk Taker guy, without knowing anything about
anything. You totally get how absurd that sitch is.”
“…The way it sinks into your bones. The way Dusk Taker
scrapes away everything with those claws probably belongs to the
Attack Power Expansion group. It felt like trying to punch a
sword with my bare fists.”
Niko hummed nasally and placed her hands sharply on her
hips. “Ultimately, you’re definitely going to need to learn at least
Attack or Defense if you’re going to fight Dusk Taker for real. And
so we finally arrive at the big purpose of diving here.” Here, an
unusual, albeit slight hesitation crept into the Red King’s tone.
“Just like I said before, if the Incarnate’s at odds with the avatar’s
attributes, there’s basically no chance of mastering it, no matter
how hard you train. So now there’s something I really have to ask
you here. Pile, is that avatar of yours close-range or long-distance?”
“Huh?!” It was Haruyuki who cried out wildly. After looking
alternately at Niko and Takumu, he produced a dumbfounded
voice. “H-he’s obviously close-range…right? I mean, an avatar
this vivid of a close-range blue, you almost never see them in the
Shinjuku area.”
“That’s what I thought, but if that’s the case, then that En-

hanced Armament…”
“Oh.” Haruyuki fixed his eyes once more on the enormous Pile
Driver taking up Cyan Pile’s right arm, up to his elbow.
This Enhanced Armament shot out the built-in, meter-long
steel spike at a ferocious speed. So fast, in fact, that it had once
ripped the arm of the metallic Silver Crow clean off in one blow.
If it was just that, Haruyuki thought it might just barely still be
a close-range weapon, but the issue was Cyan Pile’s strongest special attack, Lightning Cyan Spike. That technique transformed the
spike into a beam of light before firing it. The range easily exceeded fifty meters, setting it firmly in the category of long-distance attack.
After staring unconsciously for several seconds, Haruyuki
jerked his head up and cast his eyes far away.
Duel avatars were created with mental scars as the source.
Cyan Pile’s appearance and the Enhanced Armament of his right
hand were an expression of Takumu’s hopes and fears. And
Haruyuki had decided in his heart that he would not do anything
to pry into that.
However…
“It’s okay, Haru,” Takumu’s soft voice insisted.
Haruyuki timidly raised his face. “T-Taku…”
“Ever since you told me about the Incarnate System last night,
I’ve kind of known. That to learn it, I’d have to confront my scars
head-on.”
“Th-then I’ll just drop out now.”
“No, I want you to hear this, too. The truth is, I should’ve told
you a long time ago…” Straightening his seated posture, Takumu

looked directly at first Haruyuki, then Niko, and said, “I think
that Cyan Pile is essentially a close-range type. So then why was it
created with this long-distance-type initial equipment? That’s
probably because my fear is expressed here.”
“…Your fear?” Haruyuki asked, stunned. What on earth could
Takumu—the Takumu Mayuzumi, who seemed to have looks,
brains, and everything else—be afraid of?
Takumu uttered the following words at his friend. “I was horribly bullied from third grade to fifth. I even thought about jumping from the roof of our condo once or twice.”
“……!!” Haruyuki’s entire body froze in shock. No way, impossible, the Takumu being bullied. The thought whirled violently in
his brain.
“You couldn’t have known,” Takumu continued gently, almost
as if consoling Haruyuki, when it should have been the other way
around. “It didn’t happen at school or at the condo, but at the
kendo school I was going to back then. I…I mean, I’m not trying
to brag or anything, but I do think I had an affinity for kendo.
Ever since I started learning it in the spring of third grade, it’s
like I just naturally understood the techniques. My rank went up
pretty quickly, and I started winning against the older kids, too.
But…I guess it was around the end of the second semester. When
our teacher left us alone for a while at the dojo, a bunch of older
kids said, Hey, let’s practice piercing techniques.”
“P-piercing? B-but…”
“Of course, you’re not allowed until high school. And I said I
didn’t want to. But practicing was just an excuse. They pinned me
down from behind and stabbed my throat over and over and over
and over again with the wooden shinai sword. I was completely
terrified. I screamed from under my mask, Stop it, please. After a
while, I couldn’t scream anymore…When they finally let me go,
even protected by all my equipment, I had these insane bruises.

Even now…” Cyan Pile lifted his right hand and traced it along
the left side of his neck. “The scars here don’t disappear; they’re
still there. The same kind of stuff happened more than a few
times after that. But I didn’t quit taking lessons. It was more like I
couldn’t quit. I totally couldn’t tell my parents, or you or Chi. I
couldn’t say to you, I’m quitting kendo because of bullies.”
“Taku…I didn’t…I didn’t know…” was all Haruyuki could manage to squeeze out.
Takumu shook his head lightly, as if to say it was okay. “Naturally, I had the option of talking to my parents or the teacher. But
there were no social cameras in the classroom, and it was the
teacher’s policy that we take our Neurolinkers off, so I had no
proof…and more than that, I think I even lost the will to fight
back. Walking to the dojo, I don’t know how many times I wished
I would just disappear…The bullying kept up until the ringleader
started junior high and quit taking lessons. You have no idea how
happy I was when he was gone.” The last bit was uttered as if it
were riding on a sigh.
Haruyuki empathized so hard it was like he was the one talking. But Takumu’s story didn’t end there. Following a muttered,
“But the thing is,” there came an extra, unexpected confession.
“Not long after I started sixth grade, I noticed I’d developed
this habit. I’d be fine during practice, but when I got to a tournament, if my opponent turned his shinai toward my throat, I’d reflexively try to guard with my own shinai. It was a fatal weakness.
I tried so hard to get over it, but the more I focused in a tournament, the worse it got…The terror of the vicious attack on my
throat that day had seeped into my bones. Right now, the rules
still don’t allow piercing techniques, so I fake my way through it,
but once I get to high school, I probably won’t be able to make
any kind of serious showing in tournaments. I totally can’t handle
being hit with a piercing technique or using one myself.”
He stopped there and looked at Niko, who had said nothing all

this time, then at Haruyuki beside him, and finally at the Enhanced Armament of his own right arm before quietly bringing
his story to an end.
“This Pile Driver is the incarnation of my terror of piercing
techniques…and my anger. It’s saying I’d like to line up those
guys who bullied me back then and slam this stake into their
throats one after the other. Which is why I’m a close-range duel
avatar who also has a piercing weapon rather than a sword, Red
King.”
The final words were directed at the crimson avatar silently
looming over them.
The long monologue finished, Niko finally nodded. “Okay, I
hear your scars. So that’s the reason the majority of your potential was poured into an Enhanced Armament that’s the opposite
affiliation of your avatar. In that case, what you need to confront,
Pile, is your own stake. If you can overcome that terror, your
avatar should be able to gain the Incarnate Attack Power Expansion as a true close-range type,” Niko declared severely, turning
back to Haruyuki. “So the professor and I are going to get into the
actual training now. What are you going to do, Crow? Hang out?”
“Uh, um.” Haruyuki blinked fiercely before answering so they
wouldn’t see that his eyes under his silver mask were full of tears.
“No. I think it’s probably better if I’m not here. I can’t…really explain why, but…”
“Thanks, Haru,” Takumu said and nodded, so Haruyuki
smiled awkwardly and stood up.
He looked back over at Niko again and added, “And there’s
something I want to check into a bit on my own. The mechanism
that keeps Dusk Taker from showing up on the matching list.”
“Yeah, you seriously can’t ignore that part. Actually, that’s a
bigger problem than the Incarnate attack. And I feel like I heard

something similar recently.”
“What?! R-really?!” He unconsciously sidled up to her and the
Red King shoved him back.
“Why does that mean you gotta get so close?!” she cried. “It’s
just a rumor! A rumor, geez! I don’t know all the deets; go ask the
person who does!”
“Huh? Wh-where?” He looked around instinctively, but, of
course, there was no one there.
“Log out and you’ll see. There’s a portal on the first floor of the
Nerima Ward office, over there.”
“O-okay.”
Niko waved a curt hand as if to say she was done with him, so
Haruyuki started walking.
But—
“Oops! Hey, wait!” she called out to stop him, and he turned
around once more.
“Wh-what?”
“Aah, that Range Expansion Incarnate technique of yours before. You give it a name?”
“A-a name?!” Haruyuki raised a shrill voice at the unexpected
question.
Niko thrust out her index finger. “It’s not for some dumb kid
reason like it’s cooler like that or something!” she shouted
quickly. “The heart of an Incarnate technique is whether or not
the image is firmly fixed in your mind. Ideally, you wanna be able
to call it up as naturally as you do the abilities and special attacks
you had from the start. You were concentrating for nearly three

seconds from the time you crouched down to the time you moved.
That’s way too slow! So first, you give your technique a name, so
then you superimpose over the image with you shouting the name
as the trigger. C’mon, name it! Name it now!!” she exploded.
Haruyuki hurriedly racked his brains as he looked at his
hands. “Umm…Sword…Swooord…Light…th-then.” He raised his
eyes. “L-Laser Sword.”
“Pft! Weak sauce.” She immediately laughed off the name he
had so desperately thought up, the name that was so cool by
Haruyuki standards.
“Th-then what’s the name of your Range and Movement attack
from before, huh?!” Haruyuki retorted instinctively.
“Like I’d tell you, stuuupid!”
Here, they heard a familiar throat clearing.
Haruyuki looked over at Takumu and scratched his head. “Oh,
uh, that’s…Umm…Taku, g-good luck!” He awkwardly thrust the
thumb of his right hand up.
Standing, Cyan Pile returned the gesture. “You, too, Haru. But
please don’t do anything too dangerous.”
“Got it. I’ll report back to you tonight.”
They nodded at each other, and then Haruyuki ran a few steps
toward the Nerima Ward office rising up in the west before turning around one final time to shout, “Niko! Thanks!!”
The voice that came back to him was the same energetic abuse
as always.
“Shut up and just go already!!”

6
Via the leave-point set in the lobby of the Nerima Ward Office,
Haruyuki returned to the real world. Taking a deep breath, he sat
up on the sofa. As he pulled the XSB cable out, he looked to his
side and saw Takumu breathing evenly, long eyelashes lowered
beneath his glasses.
Right now, his good friend’s consciousness was in a different
time stream from Haruyuki, entirely devoted to a desperate training. No, the simple word training couldn’t quite encapsulate it.
Takumu was at long last confronting psychic wounds he had
likely spent years pushing to the bottom of his heart and trying to
overcome them.
“You can do it, Taku,” Haruyuki whispered, and then stood up.
On the opposite side of the table, he saw the innocent sleeping
face—although she wasn’t in fact sleeping—of the girl clad in an
elementary school uniform. She really almost was an angel like
this. “Thank you,” he said to her, and he meant it from the bottom of his heart. Then he went to step out of the electromagnetic
wave isolation room, opening the thick door into the hallway.
“This way. Hurry.” A voice came down from above his head,
and he jerked his eyes upward.
Standing there was, no mistake about it, the clerk who had
brought their drinks and cake earlier. Jacket puffed up at the
shoulders, long skirt, both in a dark cherry color, topped by a
snow-white apron decorated with conservative lace over. The
Alice band on her head and the thin ribbon on her chest were
both a brighter red than her clothing. In short, she looked the

maid in every way. Seen up close, she was younger than he had
thought; she was fairly tall, but she was probably still in high
school. Her fringe was parted perfectly in the center and the hair
in the back was gathered into a braid that fell below her shoulders. Her face was angular, and her narrow, upturned, single-lidded eyes reinforced the impression of sharpness.
Does she mean hurry up and get out? Are Niko and Takumu
gonna be okay like this? Haruyuki wondered. He bowed, in any
case, and tried to slip through the hall to the shop. But…
He heard her say, “Not that way,” as the collar of his blazer
was yanked from behind, knocking his head back. The shock he
felt that a cake shop clerk, and one dressed as a maid to boot,
would act so aggressively grew several magnitudes larger with the
words that came next.
“Go out the back. Follow me, Silver Crow.”
“Wh—?!”
Oh crap, I’m outed in the reeeeeaaaal! he screamed in his
mind and instinctively tried to run away, but she had a firm hold
on his collar, so he only ended up strangling himself again. She
was slim, but she had a seriously powerful grip.
“No need to run. And anyway, it’s too late for that,” she told
him in a husky voice that was almost a monotone, and he had no
choice but to give up on thoughts of escape. He turned around.
The maid looked down at him completely expressionless and
finally let go of his collar. “Scarlet Rain told me to help with your
investigation,” she informed him with extreme nonchalance. “My
name’s Blood Leopard. If you’re going to call me by name, go
with Leopard, not Blood. If you need to shorten it, go with Pard,
not Lep.”
“Hey…uh…Please hold on a minute.” Haruyuki managed to get

that much out somehow, while he earnestly set his brain to work
to try and understand the situation.
I don’t know all the deets; go ask the person who does! the
Red King Niko had said right before he’d logged out. However, he
had naturally taken that to mean within the Accelerated World.
But it seemed that that maid, exposing her real self in the real
world, was the “person who does” Niko had mentioned: a Burst
Linker in the Red Legion, Prominence, and at the same time, a
clerk in this shop. In other words, this was no ordinary cake shop
but something along the lines of a Prominence base.
He had muddled this far when the maid, Blood Leopard, nickname Pard, said as if growing impatient, “I waited two seconds.
Think about the rest as we move.” And then she whirled around,
long skirt fluttering, and started toward a door visible at the end
of the dark hallway.
Haruyuki no longer had any other options. He followed the
mysterious older girl’s order.
The door was apparently the back exit, and where it came out
was next to a garage behind the cake shop.
The maid moved her fingers, and the shutters facing the road
began to open automatically. Blood Leopard seemed to be a fairly
impatient type for some reason, and she thrust a finger out at
Haruyuki, as if she couldn’t waste time waiting.
“This is all Master told me: You got a Burst Linker who doesn’t
show up on the matching list, even though he’s connected to the
local net. You want to figure out how. That’s the end, ’kay?”
She sought his assent with half of the word okay carved away,
and Haruyuki nodded. “R-right, that’s exactly it.”
“I’ve heard of list interception, but lately there’re rumors of a
local net troll.”

The maid’s assessment was sudden, and Haruyuki, flustered,
unconsciously leaned forward. “L-local net troll? What’s that?”
“Don’t know the deets. Apparently, on a certain net, this Burst
Linker challenges you, but when you go for a rematch, the
Linker’s already gone from the list.”
“Wh-where is this ‘certain net’?!”
“Akihabara.”
Haruyuki recoiled at the concise reply. “A-Akihabara? That’s
the Yellow Legion’s territory, ri—”
“Yup.” Haruyuki watched the maid nod as if it were no big
deal. He swallowed hard.
It was a mere three months earlier that, due to the evil machinations of the Yellow King, Yellow Radio, ruler of the Legion
Crypt Cosmic Circus, the Red King Niko had, without warning,
ended up in serious trouble, ambushed by dozens of people.
Haruyuki and the other members of Nega Nebulus had been
dragged through that hell with her, so it would be fair to say that
currently, of the six major Legions, Haruyuki was the most vigorously opposed to Yellow.
He wanted very much to go and collect information, but not
quite having the courage to head off into such an enemy’s territory, Haruyuki bit his lip. But this isn’t the time for me to sit here
freaked out. I mean, just her telling me there’s a clue in Akihabara is a lucky break. If I just go and hang out in a normal
duel gallery there and ask about any rumors, I should be able to
get in and out without too much trouble…
These thoughts running through his mind, Haruyuki tried to
muster what little courage he had.
Blood Leopard, similarly silent for several seconds, finally said

with utmost brevity, “’Kay. We’ll go now.”
“Huh?”
…Go? To Akihabara? With her? Dressed like that on a
train…? His eyes opened so wide, his eyelids threatened to peel
right off.
She grabbed his collar, almost as if to say she wasn’t interested
in talking anymore, and strode into the garage, short boots
clacking on the concrete.
Enshrined there, radiating an overwhelming sense of presence, was an enormous electric bike at least two meters long. A
completely different beast from the electric scooters zipping
along peacefully with their lilting engines, the body was enveloped by a sleek red-and-black cowl, and the motorized front
and rear wheels were astoundingly thick, maintained by an active
suspension arm so tough it looked like armor. The streamlined
body was low, practically crawling on the ground.
“W…ow…” He let out an involuntary sigh of admiration.
Pard grabbed something rounded from the rack on the wall
and shoved it at him. He took it reflexively and looked down to
find an open-face red helmet in his hands.
“Huh?” He simply stood and stared, not understanding the
meaning of this. Blood Leopard approached on quick feet and
picked it up again—and then popped it on Haruyuki’s head. She
deftly buckled it on under his chin with one hand.
She slipped a full-face black helmet over her Alice band, and
after a quick shake of the braid poking out from under it, she
grabbed Haruyuki’s collar again and plopped him down in the
passenger seat of the large bike.
…No way. No. Wait. Wait a minute.

The older girl didn’t even leave him the time to groan. She
straddled the bike, still in her maid’s clothing, and grabbed the
handlebars firmly, slender hands in leather gloves.
“Start,” she murmured, apparently a voice command, since the
bike’s dash subsequently flashed to life. The fully extended front
and rear suspension arms whined with preloading.
Haruyuki’s Neurolinker also automatically connected to the
bike’s CPU, and windows appeared for speed and battery gauges
and other things one after another before his eyes. Meanwhile, he
heard Blood Leopard’s voice—not her real voice, but one communicated wirelessly.
“Hold on.”
“Huh? Uh, no, but…,” he cried, but two hands immediately
stretched out from in front of him and took hold of his arms. She
yanked his forward and forced them around her slim waist to lock
over her apron. This girl was apparently not the type to give an
order twice.
Thinking escape was likely impossible, he half gave up at this
point, but he couldn’t fully let go of the dream of freedom. “Uh,
um, are you going to drive dressed like that?”
“Waste of time to change.”
“A-and what about the shop?”
“My shift was till five. Any other questions, ask them all at
once.”
“…That’s it.”
“’Kay.” And the maid casually opened the throttle.
The massive machine slipped smoothly out of the garage at-

tached to the cake shop, the noise of its motor the eye of the
storm made by its bottomless torque.
The clock display in the lower right of his vision read 5:08 PM.
At some point, the rain had stopped, and the gaps in the clouds
streaming westward were dyed a spectacular orange.
Ah, I left my umbrella in the shop. Oh well, Taku’ll probably
grab it for me.
Haruyuki idly wondered about this and other escapist
thoughts while the electric bike silently and slowly slid through
the Sakuradai neighborhood. Blood Leopard seemed to be as safe
a driver as she was impatient. But just when he had started to
relax, the bike turned right at a large intersection onto Kannana
Street.
Krraaaaa!! The internal motors in the front and rear wheels
roared and the needle on the hologauge jumped up. In the periphery of his vision, he could see her long skirt flapping and fluttering. The wind pressure slapped his face through the shield of
the helmet.
“Aaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki screamed with his real voice.
The enormous bike with the driver dressed as a maid and the
passenger a junior high boy in his school uniform moved from
Kannana to Mejiro Street and raced hard to the east.
Although these days, the legal speed limit for motorcycles and
passenger vehicles couldn’t actually be broken. Control systems
were equipped with limiters, which were automatically set to the
maximum speed for a given road. If you wanted to break the
speed limit, your only choice was to illegally mod the vehicle or
order emergency mode and temporarily shut down the control
AI. Naturally, it was against the law to turn off the AI without
good reason, so either way, you had to be ready to face the police.

Blood Leopard’s bike was naturally neither modded nor in
emergency mode, and the limiter was, in fact, set at Mejiro
Street’s legal speed limit of eighty kilometers an hour, but they
went from zero to the speed limit in an exceedingly brief period.
Huge Gs slammed into Haruyuki’s round body, the likes of which
he had never experienced in the real world, and he nearly
shrieked. And as if that wasn’t enough, he wasn’t sure about this
whole thing where his stomach was glued to Pard’s slim body.
Way better that I’m sitting in the back. If we were the other
way around, it wouldn’t be her back, but the feeling of her front.
Agh, the other way could totally never, ever happen.
As his mind raced, the bike turned onto the outer ring road at
Iidabashi, which was fairly busy, as you might expect at dusk in
the city center. The drivers of the electric cars and scooters
around them opened their eyes wide when they saw Blood Leopard’s motorcycle. Which was only fair, given that you hardly ever
saw a large bike like this these days, much less one ridden at twilight by a dazzling maid in a snow-white apron, with a roundly
plump junior high school student on the back, to boot.
Unable to stand the many eyes concentrating on them as they
waited at the light, Haruyuki shrank into himself. “Uh, um, I feel
like we really stand out?” he said in neurospeak.
“Yes.” Pard sounded like she didn’t care, and maybe she really
didn’t.
Haruyuki kept himself from flinching and continued, “A-and
we’re charging into CCC’s stronghold; it’s a little dangerous.”
This time, her answer was somewhat longer. “No prob. We
won’t stand out.”
“Huh?”
But he got no further response; she opened the throttle all the

way the instant the light turned green. Lightning from the motor.
Haruyuki suffocating.
After the bike pulled into a parking garage adjacent to the
western edge of the Akiharaba district and they had walked for a
few minutes, he finally understood what she meant.
The instant they stepped onto the main street that cut northsouth through Electric Town, at least three women in maids’ uniforms leapt into Haruyuki’s sight. They were, of course, not real
maids—although, that said, neither was Blood Leopard—but
rather seemed to be doing promotion for some store, handing out
holopapers to passersby with sparkling smiles. The only difference between them and Pard was the presence/absence of a
smile.
“I get it.” He nodded his complete agreement and looked up
again at the majestic city that never slept.
Due to redevelopment in the early 2000s, this area had once
been redesigned as a new kind of stylish neighborhood. However,
as the center of electronic sales shifted to Ikebukuro and Shinjuku, property values dropped, and in the recession of the time,
the banks got spooked and pulled out completely. This led to a
subdivision of the land rights, and by the twenties, the former
chaos of the previous century had once again descended on the
area.
Now, in 2047, countless tiny shops jostled up against one another for any and every business related to electronics and networks and subcultures. Because the windows of the buildings lining the streets glittered with as much neon as people could pack
in, there was nothing in the way of uniformity of color. Standing
in Electric Town at night was like standing in the middle of a
galaxy with dense formations of primary-colored stars.
If Haruyuki connected his Neurolinker to the global net now
and allowed unlimited ad information, his field of vision would

no doubt be so full of holopamphlets for sales on Neurolinkers
and standalone custom computer parts and all sorts of applications software, he wouldn’t be able to see.
“Nice.” The edges of his mouth relaxed at the informational
disorganization that was far more virtual world than real one
when he was abruptly choked by the collar of his jacket yet again.
“This way.” Blood Leopard seemed entirely unaffected as she
started walking north on a sidewalk overflowing with shoppers,
dragging Haruyuki along with her.
She took him to a remarkably noisy building a little off from
the main street. At first glance, he had no idea what kind of place
it could be. A neon sign at the entrance read QUADTOWER, but beyond that, the lights were turned down, enshrouding the place in
a gloom. Loud electronic noises leaked out, an infinity of machines.
“Quadtower? What is this place?” Haruyuki asked, a little
freaked out.
“Arcade,” Pard replied, aiming for the building without the
slightest hesitation. They descended a short staircase and the instant they stepped out onto the dark floor, the meaning of that
single word became clear.
The bare concrete floor was jammed with prehistoric game
machines, old CRT monitors and joystick control panels embedded in enormous cabinets. The sounds of punches and explosions
and background music flowed unimpeded from the many speakers, while players sitting on long chairs pounded and banged single-mindedly, all clacks and smacks, on the panels.
He watched in mute amazement from the wall as one player,
at a console backed up to another of the same kind so that they
were in mirror position, struck a victorious pose, and the audience behind the player burst into cheers. On the opposite side, a

young man stood up, looking regretful. Players apparently fought
each other on the two machines.
A member of the audience soon slipped in to take the losing
player’s place. The girl, flamboyantly dressed as if she herself
were a game character, plucked a silver hundred-yen coin from
her pocket and dropped it into a slot in the middle of the panel.
“O-oh, right,” Haruyuki murmured with a dry mouth. “Arcade
means video arcade…and these machines, they’re those arcade
games from way back!” he continued excitedly, but Blood Leopard simply replied, “Yes,” with her standard brevity and started
walking again.
While he understood the reason they had come to this neighborhood and the seriousness of the situation he had gotten
dragged into, he couldn’t help thinking how much he’d like to sit
down at that fighting game, just once. He had never touched that
sort of large controller, but when it came to game pad–controlled
2-D fighting games, he had played so many on consoles at home,
it was sick.
However, the real kicker here was that he did not have a single
piece of old-school material money like a hundred-yen coin in his
pockets or in the bag on his back. If he poked around in the arcade, he’d probably find an electronic money changer somewhere, but if he got separated from Pard in this expansive, dim
place, he’d be screwed—or more to the point, she’d get mad at
him—so he regretfully abandoned the idea.
Finally, belatedly, feeling doubts about why she had even
brought him to this place, Haruyuki chased after the plait swinging against the maid’s back and arrived finally at an elevator in
the wall farthest in. They stepped into the cab of the terrifyingly
ancient machine, and it started to lurch and clack its way upward,
stopping at the fourth floor.
The other side of the opening door was pin-droppingly quiet, a

world apart from the ground floor. Instead of game cabinets, this
room was lined with narrow booths, divided by solid-looking
panels. The wall to the right was taken up by a row of drink machines.
This sort of place Haruyuki was familiar with. A so-called
“dive café,” a place that provided private rooms for full dives,
both in the middle of town and at a low price. You could lock the
booths, so compared with leaving your real-world body in an
open space like a family restaurant or a coffee shop, a dive café
was far and away the safer choice.
That said, if they were just headed to a dive café, he was sure
there were several near the garage where they had left the motorcycle. He wondered why they’d had to come all the way to this
building. Pard quickly finished up at the deserted front counter
and walked briskly into the café, leaving him no choice but to
chase after her again.
“Get in.”
He was ordered into what was clearly a single-person booth,
but Blood Leopard came in after him, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. This time, he couldn’t keep his questions
to himself.
“Uh, um, there’s only one chair.”
“No pair seat booths open. We can squeeze in,” she responded
expressionlessly, closing the sliding door. The sturdy-looking lock
fell into place with a sharp clack.
Gathering up her long skirt, she sat on one side of the recliner.
When she slid her slim frame right to the edge, there were actually about forty centimeters of space left on the chair. But that
was just barely enough for his plump self. He’d have to jam himself in.

“Um.” He was about to continue with, I’ll just get another
room for myself, but the maid beat him to the punch.
“No prob. I’m fine with a kid stuck up against me.”
But I am totally not fine!! And anyway, considering the first
requirement for a Burst Linker, we are at most three years
apart!! he yelled in his heart, but still, he resigned himself to let
things be what they would be and set his body down next to Blood
Leopard’s, stammering, “E-e-excuse me,” as he did. He did his
best to cling to the armrest, but there was still only a gap of about
two millimeters between her aproned chest and the tip of his
nose.
A soft, sweet scent wafted up, and the moment he realized it
was the smell of cream and strawberries, he nearly lost consciousness. But he managed to hold it together somehow, and he
heard her murmur so close to him he could feel her breath on his
forehead.

“First, set up a full-dive avatar that’s not connected to the real
you.”
“Huh? Ha, yeah.” Cranking his decelerating brain back up, he
did some quick manipulations of his virtual desktop and changed
his avatar from the pink pig he used in the Umesato local net to a
green lizard he had never used. “I-I’m done.”
“When you do the full dive, dive into the access gate with the
tag ‘Akihabara BG.’”
“G-got it.”
“’Kay. Countdown. One, zero.”
Normally, you start from three at least!! Simultaneous with
this thought, the same command was released from both of their
mouths.
“Direct link!”
With a whoosh, his consciousness and real-world body were
separated, and Haruyuki fell into the darkness.
Several access gates approached from below. Since he was currently disconnected from the global net, they should all have been
via the local net operated by the Quadtower building. Among glittering and sparkling text like ALL-YOU-CAN-READ COMICS! and FREE
ONLINE GAMES, there was indeed the inconspicuous tag AKIHABARA
BG.
When he reached an invisible hand toward it, his vision was
pulled in and the moment he was sucked into the circular gate, he
felt the slightest of lags—the sense of something being verified.
But the sensation of moving soon came over him again, and eventually, the soles of his feet touched the ground with a hard metallic clank.

When he raised his lowered face, he couldn’t tell if he was in
an enormous bar or a club or what. All the floors and walls were
made of steel plates and chain-link mesh rusted red. The center
of the square space was a sort of atrium, and on the first and mezzanine floors enclosing it, rough, naked steel tables were lined up
equidistant from one another. He could see a few avatars at the
tables in the gloom who appeared to have dived into the bar at
the same time as him. They sank into the shadows, but the instant he saw their silhouettes, something clicked in him.
This was not the Accelerated World. It was a normal virtual
space. Even still, Haruyuki knew these people were all Burst
Linkers. And he realized only people with Brain Burst in their
Neurolinkers could connect to this Akihabara BG net. He gulped
his green lizard throat several times and let his eyes roam farther.
The next thing he noticed was the large four-sided monitor
suspended on chains from the ceiling in the center of the expansive space. The bar was dimly lit, so he could clearly make out the
text on the virtual screen.
Displayed at the very top was TODAY’S BATTLE in a gothic font.
Below that “18:00,” probably a time. And then FROST HORN, LV5,
1.57 VS SLATE BOTTLE, LV4, 3.22. Definitely a notice for an upcoming duel. But he didn’t really understand the numbers after
the levels, the ones with the decimal.
“Um, where…” Haruyuki finally stopped looking around and
started to talk, hushed, to Blood Leopard, who was standing next
to him.
Her avatar was—justifiably but perhaps surprisingly—no
longer wearing the maid’s uniform. Her entire body was covered
in a skintight black leather riding suit. But topping this body was
not a human head, but a catlike beast with sleek, dark red fur.
Here, for the first time, Haruyuki remembered the Japanese
meaning of the English name Leopard.

The feline-headed female rider glanced down at Haruyuki’s
lizard avatar with eyes that glowed a faint gold. “Akihabara Battle
Ground. The Burst Linker duel Holy Land.”
“H-Holy Land…?” he repeated before a thought struck him.
“So, Akihabara? Does that mean this is a Yellow Legion base or
something?”
“No. This is the only neutral place in Akihabara. Follow me.”
She walked away, boots ringing out against the hard floor, so he
started after her.
At the very back of the bar was a counter, naturally made of
steel plating. Blood Leopard slid down into the center of a stool in
a single, smooth motion. Haruyuki climbed up onto the one next
to her with a heave-ho of his lizard body.
“Evening, Matchmaker.”
An avatar popped its face up on the other side of the counter at
Pard’s quiet voice, and Haruyuki immediately shouted to himself,
A dwarf! Stout and short of stature with a scraggy beard, wirerimmed glasses over sunken eyes and a huge bow tie around his
neck…He looked so much the dwarf it was strange he wasn’t
holding an ax in his sturdy hands.
The dwarf avatar first looked at Pard’s leopard head and
hoisted a single eyebrow before looking next at Haruyuki’s lizard
head and humming nasally. He looked back at Pard and grinned.
“Well, here’s a sight for sore eyes. How many months has it
been, Leopard?” An incredible baritone, the perfect dwarf voice.
But the person connected to this net and controlling the avatar
had to be a Burst Linker, too, which meant that even if he was
one of the most senior ones, he couldn’t have been more than seventeen. But it was probably rude to be noticing things like that.
Pard shrugged lightly. “Eight months.”

The dwarf, who apparently went by the name Matchmaker,
laughed and his beard shook again. “Guess you’re missing the
shoots here. Or you just looking to earn a little pocket money?”
“Sorry, I didn’t come to duel today. Or bet.”
At this, Haruyuki reflexively asked, “B-bet?!”
The dwarf raised an eyebrow and indicated the huge central
monitor with a jerk of his beard. “You saw those numbers, yeah?
You saying those look like anything other than odds?”
“Odds…” Now that the dwarf mentioned it, that was exactly it.
The 1.57 and the 3.22 after the duelers’ names were nothing other
than the stakes for a bet. So then this place was like a bookie for
Burst Linker duels.
“Wh-what on earth could you bet? N-n-not burst points?” he
asked in a hoarse voice, and the dwarf snorted loudly.
“Idiot. You let people bet points, some jerk gets carried away
and ends square at forced uninstall. Bets are in real money, obviously.”
“R-real money…” That was still plenty risky. This kind of privately operated gambling hall was completely illegal. Haruyuki
flapped his mouth open and shut, and the Matchmaker grinned
suddenly.
“Kid, you got any idea how much the leopard-headed lady
here’s earned?”
“Don’t give him the wrong idea. The only thing I earned here
was money from fighting; I’ve never made a bet, and even if you
win, it’s five hundred yen a match. Way less than what I get at
work.”
“…F-five hundred yen,” Haruyuki repeated, dumbfounded.

The dwarf laughed gleefully. “Well, that’s how it is. Betting,
max is three hundred yen a match. Pretty much the best you
could do on a student’s allowance.”
“…R-right…” Haruyuki finally relaxed the slightest bit, and
then Blood Leopard put him back on the edge of his seat.
“Enough small talk. Let’s get straight to it.”
“Impatient as always, Leopard. If you’re not here for a match
or to bet, then why’d you come?”
“Came for information. Wanna know about the local net troll…
the Burst Linker who can block the matching list even when connected to a net.”
His reaction was striking. The instant he heard Pard’s request,
a sharp light came glinting into the dwarf’s eyes, and he quickly
looked up and down the counter. After checking that there were
no other divers within hearing range, he squeezed out an even
lower voice. “Where’d you hear about list blocking? The rumors
running around now aren’t so detailed as that.”
This time, it was Blood Leopard’s brow that furrowed. “I’m
asking the questions here.”
“Hmph. Guess so. In that case, you don’t need to pay me for
this story, just tell me yours in exchange.”
“’Kay, as much as I can.”
The Matchmaker nodded sharply, leaned into the counter, and
began to talk in a voice like a groan from deep in his beard. “The
Burst Linker blocking the matching list. He’s a huge problem behind the scenes here right now.”
“So listen, kid,” the dwarf said, turning toward Haruyuki, who
was visiting this place for the first time. “Akihabara BG’s a local

net. You can only connect to it from inside the Quadtower arcade.
If you want to be a betting match here, you gotta come here and
register as a player at the counter. Then the system weighs level
and compatibility to select the optimal duel opponent and displays the match time and odds in the center of the monitor.
“If you wanna bet, you put a maximum of three hundred yen
on one of the two right up to the cutoff time. After that, immediately before match time, one of the players accelerates, selects
their opponent from the matching list, and the duel begins. That’s
the basic structure. Simple, yeah?
“The biggest rule on this local net is, only the players who’ve
been matched up are allowed to duel. Break that rule, and a very
competent bouncer will take down the better or whoever it was
who went and challenged someone to a duel—in a duel, natch—
and chase you out. This place is the dueler’s Holy Land. Even the
ruler of Akihabara, the Yellow King, can’t touch anyone in here.”
“So anyway.” After taking a gulp of the liquid in a tumbler that
had at some point appeared on the counter, the Matchmaker continued. “About a week ago, this rude bastard shows up and challenges one of the duelers right before the announced match was
supposed to start. Without registering as a player. Akihabara BG’s
set up so that all the divers have to show their ID when they connect initially, so the moment the guy showed up again the other
day, the bouncer accelerated to send him packing. So then, see?
He was definitely connected to the local net, but…his name
wasn’t on the matching list.”
Haruyuki inhaled sharply. The situation the Matchmaker was
describing. It was exactly the same as what was happening on the
local net at Umesato Junior High.
Draining the glass of the amber-colored liquid, the dwarf set it
down on the steel plate of the counter. “That day, too, the bastard
jumped into the match, took the player down, and then logged
out cool as a cucumber. And then the next day. And the day after

that. Right now, I’m explaining it away to the players and the customers as a glitch in the match registration system, but I’m at the
end of my rope here. And rumors of the ‘local net troll’ are
spreading like wildfire. If I can’t stop this guy running wild like
this, it could mean the end of Akihabara BG.”
“Uh, um.” Gulping hard, Haruyuki asked timidly, “What’s the
name of this Burst Linker who doesn’t show up on the list?”
The name the dwarf uttered with annoyance was “Rust Jigsaw.”
It’s not him. Haruyuki sighed unconsciously, but if it wasn’t
him, then he had a different problem. Because that meant that
there was more than one Burst Linker with the ability to block the
matching list like Nomi could. In the Brain Burst system, this
privilege was too huge.
The Matchmaker whispered similar misgivings. “You don’t get
to pick your duel opponent. That’s the fundamental principle of
the Accelerated World. You might wanna pick out only guys
you’re good with, but you never know when one of them’s gonna
show up on the list. And while you’re waiting for your perfect
match to show, you get sucked into a duel with someone you’re
bad with. Happens all the time. That’s why all us Burst Linkers
polish our special skills and work hard to overcome our trouble
spots.”
“That’s exactly it.”
“So this Rust Jigsaw is using the Akihabara BG system right
now to pick out whatever opponent he wants. You just look at
that monitor there and you know which Burst Linkers are gonna
be connecting at what time. All that’s left is to pick someone
you’re sure to win against and challenge them right before the
match starts. Bastard’s already earned more than a hundred
points in duels here alone. As the Matchmaker…and as a Burst
Linker, I definitely can’t let this stand.” Concluding his painful

story, the dwarf glared round eyes behind round wire frames at
Haruyuki and Blood Leopard. “And that’s the long and the short
of it. So now it’s your turn to tell. The only ones who’re supposed
to know about Rust Jigsaw blocking the matching list are me and
my bouncer, so where the hell’d you hear about it?”
“Um.” Haruyuki glanced up at Pard and then moved his lizard
mouth haltingly. “It’s not got anything to do with this place. On a
local net I usually connect to, another Burst Linker with the exact
same ability showed up. And I just thought maybe someone in
Akihabara would know…”
“What? At the same time, another one?! That can’t be a coincidence.” The dwarf groaned lightly before asking the obvious
question. “Where’s the local net?”
“I-I’m sorry. It’s connected with my real info, so…”
“What? Then I’m basically the only one talking here, ain’t I?!”
“Matchmaker,” Pard said abruptly in a quiet voice. “What’s
this Rust Jigsaw’s level and type?”
“Hmm? Level six, same as you. Color’s just like the name says:
rust. So you got that in common, too, but his fighting style’s different. Guy’s hunting short-range types, leaving the mid-to longdistance ones, so you being mainly close-range, to be honest,
pretty poor compatibility.”
Pard’s a close-range type? Even though she belongs to the
Red Legion, and the name “blood” seems pretty red, too?
Blood Leopard’s next words blew this momentary question
away. “’Kay. Then instead of paying you for the info, I’ll do this.
Me and the kid will register as players for a tag match and restrict
opponents to long-distance-type teams. If on top of that, you cancel all the remaining matches, Rust Jigsaw’ll have no one else to
attack, so he should pick us as today’s prey.”

“Wh-wh-wha—?!” Haruyuki nearly fell off his stool and hurried to grab on to the counter.
The dwarf turned suspicious eyes on him once again. “Leopard, your name’s more than enough to be decent bait. Just who is
this new kid already?”
“Maybe more famous than me.” Pard let slip the faintest hint
of a smile and whispered into the dwarf’s ear, “This kid’s the
shining crow of the reformed Nega Nebulus.”
Hyoo! The low sound was the Matchmaker half whistling from
behind his beard.
Haruyuki and Blood Leopard opened their Brain Burst option
menus and registered each other as a tag team. This way, when
one of them was called into a duel, they would both automatically
be connected to the stage. You could check on the matching list
whether or not a Burst Linker was joined up in a tag team, and a
solo Linker could challenge a tag team, but the converse—a tag
team taking on a solo Linker—was naturally not possible.
When the names Blood Leopard and Silver Crow appeared as
a team on the large monitor in the center of the bar, the floor
erupted into commotion. Cries like “Hey! Promi’s Leopard’s
fighting!” and “Why is she teaming up with NN’s crow?!” rose up
all over the place, and the odds numbers immediately started to
move.
They shifted from the counter to a dim table in the corner, and
Haruyuki decided to ask a few questions while they were waiting
for the match to start. “Um, why a tag match? The problem
Linker, Rust Jigsaw, he’s a solo act, so he’s not gonna charge in
on two opponents, is he?”
“Not necessarily.” Pard shook her head briefly, after touching
the cocktail glass to her leopard mouth. “The level difference is
calculated from the tag-team total, not the average, so if you chal-

lenge as a solo, you’re not out that many points if you lose, and if
you win, you get a ton of them. Rust Jigsaw seems to be focused
on points, so there’s a very good chance he’ll think we’re very
tempting prey. My name’s fairly well known as a close-range type,
and Jigsaw seems to specialize in close-range hunting, so there’s
no disadvantage for him compatibility-wise. And…” Here, she
flicked golden eyes toward Haruyuki and closed her mouth once,
before opening it again to continue. “Pretty big rumor has it you
can’t fly anymore. If Rust Jigsaw knows that, the chances he’ll attack are even better.”
The concern Blood Leopard had shown, even if it was momentary, over the fact that he had lost his wings was hard to bear, but
it also made him happy. He hurried to say something. “Right. If
he kills me right away, then it’s just a regular one-on-one with
you.”
Nodding slightly, Pard brought her glass to her lips once more,
and Haruyuki followed suit, gulping down his virtual cocktail. He
scowled at the bizarre taste as he thought.
Hypothetically, if this Rust Jigsaw were connected with Dusk
Taker, he had no reason to be worried about Jigsaw learning anything about Silver Crow here. Dusk Taker was, after all, the very
person who had taken his wings and weakened him like this.
He checked that they still had a while before the start of the
match and voiced his next question. “Also…maybe I’m getting
ahead of things, but…even if Rust Jigsaw isn’t showing up on the
matching list, the fact that he’s connected to this local net means
that he has to be somewhere in Quadtower in the real world,
right?”
“Yes.”
“Then can’t we do something to find this real self?”
Pard shrugged her leather-clad shoulders lightly. “It’s an ar-

cade from the ground floor to the third floor and a dive café from
the fourth to the sixth. At this hour, there are hundreds of people
here, very high density, so identifying him would be difficult.
But…”
“B-but?”
“There might be a way.”
“H-how?!”
“I’ll explain later. More importantly…” Pard’s body next to him
on the sofa moved fluidly, bringing her leopard mouth near
Haruyuki’s lizard ear. So quietly, it would be impossible for any
other diver to overhear, she whispered, “As long as your enemy
doesn’t use it, you can’t use the Incarnate System.”
He flinched and nodded. “R-right,” he couldn’t help but add.
“That’s what the Red King said. But…but why is that? I do think
it’s not fair for just one side to use that power. It’s way too strong.
But if your opponent’s breaking the Brain Burst rules—”
“No, it’s not for your opponent’s sake. It’s for yours.”
“Huh?”
Now that you mention it, Niko said basically the same thing,
didn’t she? he thought.
Pard brought her body even closer, and she stared into
Haruyuki’s eyes from an extremely short distance. “The Incarnate
is born from the hole in your heart. When you pull power from it,
you also get pulled into the hole bit by bit. If you ever lose that
tug-of-war, you’ll be swallowed up by the darkness at the bottom.”
“D-darkness?”
“The will of the first Chrome Disaster, the Incarnate running

wild, was what produced the cursed Armor of Catastrophe you
fought. And the kings know that, which is why they’ve been trying
for years to keep the existence of the Incarnate System quiet.”
Haruyuki stiffened once again. The Incarnate, the will was
generated from hope with a missing necessity as the source—the
Red King Niko had said that, too. And that you couldn’t learn Incarnate unless you faced your own mental scars.
“But,” Haruyuki said slowly, as if talking to himself rather than
Blood Leopard, “the person who first taught me about Incarnate
said that what generated the will was the power of the wish. That
the other side of those mental scars was hope.”
“That’s also true, I think,” the red leopard murmured, exhaling
softly. “But just like Brain Burst itself, the Incarnate System also
has two sides. The other side of hope is despair. When you chase
after that power, you absolutely lose something as payment. Your
teacher’s probably no exception.”
Instantly, in the back of Haruyuki’s mind, an image of Sky
Raker sitting in her silver wheelchair floated up. The legs she had
lost, that she would never have again. He blinked his avatar’s eyes
hard before speaking, half in thought. “Even still, I want to believe. In the will…In the power of the wish. No…In Brain Burst,
which saved me.”
Blood Leopard, strangely for her, stayed silent for a long time,
seemingly on the verge of saying something. Finally, she relaxed
her fierce gaze and murmured in his ear, nearly kissing it. “I get
it. It’s just like Rain said. You…This Accelerated World, maybe
you can—”
However, he didn’t get to hear the rest.
Just more than a minute before the official start time noted on
the monitor, Haruyuki’s ears were filled with the dry sound of a
lightning strike. Then the text announcing the appearance of a

challenger burned red to fill his field of vision.

7
Haruyuki, as the duel avatar Silver Crow, found himself standing
on a water tank sticking out from the roof of a building. The city
unfolding in all directions around him was colored with countless
neon lights, similar to the scene he had witnessed before diving.
Lights and lasers from the ground illuminated the clouds hanging
low in the night sky, an airship with enormous glowing advertisement panels passed over his head, and commercials in a bizarre
language popped up here and there in the town. But this was of
course not the Akihabara of the real world. It was a 3-D file recreated from the images in the social camera net. The affiliation
was “Downtown.”
Haruyuki quickly crouched down and checked the HP gauges
in the top of his field of vision. His gauge was on the left, and
right below that, the gauge of Blood Leopard, his tag partner, was
displayed slightly smaller. And under the gauge glittering in the
top right was, as expected, the name Rust Jigsaw.
He caught his breath under his silver mask and stared at the
small light blue cursor floating in the center of his vision. The
enemy should be in that direction. Luckily or maybe not, as in the
Century End stage, entry into buildings was not permitted in the
Downtown stage, so he had apparently gotten some distance and
relocated himself.
Okay then, first, I gotta hook up with Pard—
As soon as he had this thought, he heard a still voice from behind and whirled around.
“’Kay. We got a bite.” Although he heard no footfalls or even

sensed her presence, the tall, lean avatar had, in the blink of an
eye, popped up right behind him.
Her overall form was very similar to the leopard-headed rider
she’d used in the bar. However, rather than the leather, a dark
red matte armor covered her whole body. Her mask was bulletshaped, protruding in the front, with something like ears sticking
up on the end on both sides, making her look not unlike a wild feline of some kind. The most conspicuous part of the sleek, smart
silhouette was her bulging thighs.
The very nimble-looking avatar crouched down next to him,
and Blood Leopard, level-six Burst Linker, member of Prominence Legion, continued, “You and I are both close-range types;
our enemy, in contrast, is a mid-to long-range. He’ll first try to
split us up here with a range attack, and then come to take you
out. So don’t launch any reckless counterattacks; make not getting separated from me your top priority.”
“…R-roger.” Haruyuki nodded.
Half a second later.
Zzzeeee! An earsplitting vibration approached rapidly from the
direction of the cursor, and Haruyuki reflexively leapt back.
After a slight delay, the water tank he had been standing on
until then split completely in two. The water gushing out spread
out on the roof, and, careful not to step in it, he ran over to Leopard. She had leapt much farther than he had and had her back
pressed up against the ventilation tower.
“That just now should have been his long-distance attack
Wheel Saw,” she explained, words coming almost too fast to hear,
and, remembering what the Matchmaker had told them about
Rust Jigsaw’s abilities, Haruyuki also responded at high speed.
“The technique where he sends a saw blade flying, right? But

it’s so dark, it’s basically impossible to see the actual blade, huh?”

“Our only hope’s the sound. It doesn’t seem like he can shoot
them off in succession, so after we dodge the next one, we go
hard.”
“’K-kay.” He didn’t have the time to nod before the whine
came at them again.
Straining his eyes—or rather his ears—at the source of the
noise, Haruyuki jumped out ahead and to the right. An extremely
thin ring spinning incredibly fast whirred by to his immediate
left, slicing through the ventilation tower and sending it crumbling to the ground.
Haruyuki had no time to watch it, however; he was desperately
trying to keep up with Blood Leopard bounding ahead of him.
The red leopard avatar was definitely more than moderately
quick. She reached the edge of the building in a few steps, almost
as if she were flying instead of running, and threw her body into
the sky without a moment’s hesitation.
It was nearly twenty meters to the edifice on the other side of
the wide road wedged in between the lines of buildings. The leopard flew light as a cloud through the neon-colored air.
She wants me to jump, too?!
Don’t think, just go!
Haruyuki pushed this transient thought into his right leg and
pushed off with everything he had. The air whistled past his ears,
and the roof of the building on the other side raced toward him.
His feet dug into the structure a mere ten centimeters or so from
the concrete edge. But he didn’t get the chance to breathe a sigh
of relief. The outline of his enemy was already visible on the roof
of the next building over, which was flush against the one he was
standing on. The linear silhouette caught the lights of the town
and glittered a rusty red.

Rust Jigsaw! Haruyuki shouted in his mind. Are you Nomi’s—
Dusk Taker’s friend?! Are you blocking the list the same way?!
What the hell is your secret?!
Almost as if laughing at Haruyuki’s frustration, Rust Jigsaw
spread his hands very broadly and turned deftly aside, retreating
to a building behind him with unexpected speed.
“As if I’d let you get away!” Haruyuki cried in a low voice, and
he stepped into a fierce dash. He might not have his wings, but he
could still catch a long-distance type with his speed—
“Stop.”
If he hadn’t eased up on the gas pedal the slightest bit at her
sharp call, his head would no doubt have gone flying.
Suddenly, something hit his throat hard. Something thin and
biting. Then a whining vibration assaulted him, and orange
sparks scattered like blood. His HP gauge was crunched down, together with his neck armor.
“Ngh!” Clenching his teeth, Haruyuki twisted his body as far as
he could to escape whatever it was that was cutting into his neck.
Pitching backward, he could definitely see something: an extremely thin line floating horizontally in the air right where Rust
Jigsaw had spread out his hands a few seconds earlier.
A jigsaw.
He crashed to the roof on his backside and Blood Leopard
grabbed his arm. She had no sooner yanked him to his feet when
a round blade came flying from off in the distance to slice through
the very place where he had fallen.
After dragging Haruyuki to the shadow of a massive billboard,
the leopard said, astonished, “Good thing you’re a metallic color.”

“S-sorry, I forgot. That was his other technique?”
“Steel Saw. Fixing a jigsaw in midair.” Her gold eyes glittered
sharply beneath her pointed mask, and Leopard continued, “He
keeps us at a distance with the fixed saw and attacks from far off
with the round one. He really is the natural enemy of close-range
types.”
“Wh-what should we do?”
The big cat thought for a moment. “Give me your special-attack gauge.” Without giving Haruyuki the time to react, she
snapped open the mouth hidden behind her mask and bit hard
into Silver Crow’s shoulder with needle-sharp teeth.
“Eeah?!” Haruyuki shrieked and was even further astounded
by what happened then. His special-attack gauge, down to 30
percent or so thanks to the earlier damage, quickly drained, while
Blood Leopard’s increased at the same pace.
Once she had stolen every pixel from his gauge, the leopard released him and shouted, “Shape Change!!”
On both hands on the concrete surface, the avatar shone a momentary deep red before transforming from a human being on all
fours to a completely quadrupedal beast. Her back was long and
slender, her shoulders swelled with strength, and her rear legs
were folded in a Z shape, hiding enormous power.
“Wh-wh—”
“Get on,” Blood Leopard said to the thrice-stunned Haruyuki,
in a voice with stronger animal effects applied to it.
Since the only thing he knew for sure was that she would bite
him again if he stood there all spaced out, Haruyuki jumped onto
the back of the massive beast as if in a dream. The leopard
crouched down, and, avoiding the next Wheel Saw that came fly-

ing at them from the side, she leapt off in a straight line into the
night sky glittering with neon.
“Ngh!” Haruyuki unconsciously yelped in his throat. Her dash
was beyond fast. With each push of her powerful legs, they leapt a
solid ten meters. Countless decorative lights melted into thin
lines and flowed past on both sides of his visual field.
Suddenly, when they had run over too many rooftops to keep
track of, Rust Jigsaw’s black shadow rose up before them. He
twisted around and opened both hands, a gesture he repeated
over and over as he ran. The space in which he did so was likely
frozen with lethal jigsaws, but moving at this speed, Haruyuki
noted with apprehension that he couldn’t see them.
Abruptly, the leopard bounded in a huge leap to the right.
Landing on all fours behind a billboard illuminated by a spotlight,
she then took off toward the left to kick down the neon tower
there and head to the right again. They were definitely closing in
on the enemy, despite the fact that he was running in a straight
line, while at the same time avoiding the spaces where Jigsaw had
probably placed Steel Saws with his large jumps.
When they were only another three—no, two jumps away,
Rust Jigsaw turned around and showed them something new. He
drew a large circle in the air with his right hand and waved it directly at Haruyuki and Blood Leopard.
Zzzeeee! The same vibration noise. Wheel Saw. But in the middle of a jump, there was no way Blood Leopard could avoid it—
“Take care of it.”
Haruyuki heard her voice from below him, and he reflexively
responded, “’Kay.”
The circular saw was an immensely powerful cutting weapon,
but even still, it had its weak points. If it was like the ring that had

nearly taken Silver Crow’s head off, there should be no teeth on
the inside. And more importantly, it was slower than a bullet.
Of course, if he hadn’t seen Jigsaw launch it, he wouldn’t have
been able to get the timing right. But his eyes picked up the extremely thin line slicing through the primary colors of the night
sky in the nick of time. Just as it was on the verge of hitting Blood
Leopard’s right shoulder, he thrust his hand into the ring from
the side as hard as he could.
Shhnk! came the sharp metallic squeal, and sparks scattered
from his fingertips. But his slim fingers were not cut off, and he
yanked the ring of fifty or so centimeters in diameter and
changed its trajectory so that it flipped off into the distance behind them.
His attack sidestepped so daringly when it was so close to its
mark, Rust Jigsaw took on a faintly agitated air.
“GJ,” Blood Leopard said simply before taking off in one final
bound.
They swooped down on Rust Jigsaw from the front as he had
his arms spread out, trying to place a jigsaw in the air. Blood
Leopard buried her open jaws deeply in his shoulder.
At the intense impact, Haruyuki was knocked off and fell on
his backside, where he watched in amazement the battle/hunt
unfolding before his eyes.
“Guh!” Rust Jigsaw—an avatar that looked like a collection of
steel frames—let out a low groan as he intently beat at the red
leopard hunched over him. But the giant teeth biting deep into
his right shoulder held fast like a vise.
If Rust Jigsaw had been a close-range type, he might have
been able to turn the situation around. Each time he landed a
punch, Leopard’s HP bar did indeed go down, but his was disap-

pearing at a much faster rate. A light effect generated by the damage periodically gushed from the bitten shoulder, red so that it
looked almost like real blood. Jigsaw twisted and struggled, but
even when he did manage to break free of the teeth, Leopard immediately leapt up to sink them right back in, clearly having no
intention whatsoever of allowing him to escape.
After one such attempt—
“Unh…Aaah!!” Rust Jigsaw couldn’t suppress the scream that
welled up from below his mask. At the same time, Haruyuki
heard an unpleasant metallic snap, and Rust Jigsaw’s right arm
was ripped from the socket and fell to the ground.
And with all the damage from that loss, he blew through the
rest of his HP gauge. The avatar exploded into a million pieces in
that familiar, glass-shattering effect. The text YOU WIN!! flamed to
life in the center of his visual field, but Haruyuki could not stand
up.
…Holy shit, she’s strong!! This was the only thought swirling
in the back of his frozen brain.
The enormous leopard, who had just slaughtered their enemy
with her teeth, abruptly raised her head and looked at him with
golden eyes. “GG,” she said.
And then the acceleration ended.
Enduring a momentary vertigo as the sensations of his body
returned, Haruyuki couldn’t immediately remember what his
real-world self was doing, and where.
Thus, as he was about to open his eyes, he couldn’t even begin
to guess at what the deeply elastic something was up against his
face. He reflexively squeezed his eyes shut again, his body stiffening as he wondered just what it was, when his collar was yanked.

“Get up,” a sharp voice commanded.
His eyelids instantly flew open. He was, of course, in the recliner in the one-person booth in the dive café on the fourth floor
of Quadtower. The default setting for Brain Burst was to release a
full dive along with the acceleration once a duel was finished, so
they had returned to the real world, instead of the bar in Akihabara BG.
The girl in the maid’s outfit who had dived with him from the
same chair was already standing and unlocking the booth door.
The instant it was open, she poked her head out slightly to check
in each direction.
Wondering what she was doing as he slid out of the chair,
Haruyuki felt his consciousness chill all at once at the words that
followed.
“Let’s go. We might be able to identify him still.”
Identify. Who? No, it was obvious. Rust Jigsaw in the real.
But how on earth… He shelved the question and chased after the
now-familiar plait swinging against the back of the maid’s uniform.
Briskly but cautiously, Blood Leopard headed for the elevator.
She pressed the DOWN button, and they had barely even gotten in
the cab before she was talking and talking at tongue-twister
speeds in a low voice.
“I did consecutive damage to the right side of Jigsaw’s neck
earlier. With that kind of pain stimulation in one spot over a long
period, the effect remains for a short time even once you burst
out. Look for someone near the entrance looking like that spot is
causing him pain.”
“R-roger.” That was a seriously terrifying way of marking
someone. But it was probably the only way to make some kind of

mark on the real-world body of an enemy in the Accelerated
World.
When the elevator stopped at the first floor, Haruyuki swallowed hard as he walked through the boys and girls acting out
their fights on the game machines in the real. He shot his eyes
around with the bare minimum of movement, but he didn’t see
anyone doing anything with their neck. They were all just staring
in a trance at the flat, old-school monitors.
Slipping through the floor, Haruyuki and Pard stepped from
the building into the throng of the street. They exchanged glances
and then wordlessly split up. Heading down the left side of the
street, Haruyuki concentrated all his mental powers on the
dozens of passersby entering his field of view.
The girls dressed as game characters handing out holopamphlets. The three young people standing at the end of the road,
engrossed in conversation. The guy walking restlessly, weighed
down by multicolored paper bags—
Haruyuki’s eyes were drawn to the back of a boy he glimpsed
on the other side of this crowd. Because he could see the pale
neck with no Neurolinker attached to it. With a start, he strained
his eyes and saw that the boy’s raised left hand was firmly pressed
to the right side of his neck.
Is that him?! Quickening his pace, Haruyuki chased after the
boy as he grew distant. Gray team jacket. Faded jeans. Leather
cap on his head. Dark brown hair sticking out. Head hanging, the
boy was hurrying toward the station. With his left hand still on
his neck, he pushed his right hand through space, as if to shove
aside the passersby.
Wondering if he shouldn’t call Blood Leopard, Haruyuki
turned around for an instant, but her maid’s outfit was lost in the
crowd and he couldn’t see her. Giving up on that, he turned to
face forward again—

“I hope you’ll join us!” a cute voice chirped, and a hand was
thrust in front of him, blocking his way forward. Lifting his face
with a start, he was greeted by the smiling face of an older girl advertising some shop. She was probably handing out holopamphlets, but not connected to the global net, Haruyuki couldn’t see
anything. He shook his head in apology and slipped by her hand.
But…
“H-huh…” He couldn’t see him. The gray-team-jacketed back
had disappeared.
Dammit! Biting his lip, he quickened his pace and scanned the
area intently. But maybe the boy had turned a corner somewhere
because no matter how far forward he went, Haruyuki couldn’t
find him. He hurried to retrace his steps, peeking in the narrow
alleys to the left and right, but the boy was indeed gone.
“Ngh!” Out of options, he simply stood there, still biting his
lip, while the people on the street pushed by looking annoyed at
the obstruction. But their irritated faces didn’t register with
Haruyuki, either. Only bitter regret and self-reproach filled his
heart.
You let your hard-won clue get away.
“Pretty great just seeing his back,” Blood Leopard said when
they met up again, but Haruyuki, leaning against the wall of a
building, couldn’t look her in the eye.
“I’m sorry. You worked so hard for me.” Self-hatred at his uselessness during the duel and in the chase afterward weighed
heavily on his shoulders.
“You worked hard, too.” He felt a hand on his unkempt hair.
“Huh…” He raised his face unconsciously, and something remotely resembling a smile bled onto the lips of the older girl,
whose face had until then been perfectly blank.

“You fought wonderfully,” she whispered. “I’ll tell the Matchmaker what you saw of the guy from behind. If we can pick him
out in the real the next time Jigsaw shows up, we might be able to
learn the secret of list blocking by monitoring him after that. As
soon as the logic’s clear, I’ll send you the information.”
“O-okay.”
So maybe, just maybe he could still cling to a thin shred of
hope? He comforted himself with this thought and at last returned her smile, although his was likely full of self-pity.
Pard shifted her hand from his head to his shoulder, and her
expression returned to its normal nothing. “Jigsaw definitely
won’t show up again today. And it’s getting to be time for children
to be getting home.”
Pard was at most in eleventh grade, but she compelled him to
nod obediently somehow. “Okay.”
Blood Leopard put an end to the night’s adventures in her
usual clipped way. “’Kay. Let’s go.”
They left the increasingly busy Electric Town as the clock
struck eight, and, immediately returning to Kannana from Mejiro
Street, Pard took him straight to Suginami.
“Here’s fine,” Haruyuki told her right around the time the elevated Chuo Line came into sight, and got her to let him off. Returning the helmet, he once again bowed his head deeply. “Um,
thank you so much. Really. Spending this much time on another
Legion’s problem…”
Here, Pard took off her own helmet and shook her head
lightly. “Akihabara BG’s an important place to me, so it’s my
problem, too, now. Besides—” She cut herself off and averted her
eyes for a moment, a somehow bashful look coming over the face
of the Burst Linker in the maid’s outfit. “I wanted to say a proper

thank you to you. You protected Rain—my king—when Chrome
Disaster happened. Thank you.”
“Huh…”
“I hope you stay friends.” And then Blood Leopard smiled her
first clear smile since they’d met, before pulling her helmet back
on. The motor roared as the large bike spun around in a U-turn
into the opposite lane, and she raced off to the north at an incredible speed.
He watched until her taillight got lost among the lines of vehicles, bit down hard on his lip at all the feelings belatedly welling
up in him, and bowed his head deeply, even more deeply, one
more time.
Returning to his deserted home, Haruyuki dropped his bag on
the floor in his room and practically threw himself down on his
bed.
Wonder how Taku’s doing. The thought was in his brain, but
it was too much to move his hand to make the call. A physical and
mental exhaustion exploded in him and then settled heavily on
his back.
He stayed still like that for a while, eyelids gradually growing
heavier and heavier, so he shook his head hard and yanked himself up. He couldn’t go to sleep now. He needed to talk to Takumu
while his memories of Akihabara were fresh, and he hadn’t even
touched that day’s homework yet.
He took off his uniform, and after using that as an excuse to
have a shower, he warmed up a frozen seafood casserole in the
microwave. While he waited for it to be done, he connected his
Neurolinker to the global net and placed a voice call to Takumu.
“Hey, Haru.” The voice that replied seemed to be the same as
always, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

“’Sup…You okay? You remember all the stuff up until today?”
Haruyuki asked nervously in neurospeak, but the air of a wry grin
came through the connection.
“Hey, hey, I wasn’t under for as long as all that. Although I
did dive for a full week.”
“A-and your Incarnate training was good…?”
“Yeah.” A short groan of a voice. “Although the Red King’s call
was that I still have a long way to go before I can use it in a real
fight. But I got the trigger at least.”
“You did? You’re such a perfectionist, though. Don’t go diving
all by yourself in the Neutral Unlimited Field and spend however many years training!” Haruyuki said, breathing a second
sigh of relief, and Takumu laughed again.
“I definitely don’t have the energy left for that. Anyway, what
about you? You get anything on Dusk Taker and his list-blocking
secret?”
“That turned out a whole lot different than I expected.”
Haruyuki told him the series of incidents from the moment he
left the isolation room at the cake shop, summarizing and simplifying the parts related to Blood Leopard as much as possible.
Even still…
“Hmm. So while I was all sad and alone doing my training,
you were on another date with an older girl, huh?” was
Takumu’s first comment.
“I-it wasn’t like that at all!” Haruyuki hurried to protest. “Aand anyway, you were with Niko for a whole week—”
“Sorry to say, she only instructed me at the beginning and at

the end. For the rest of it, she said something about how she had
come all this way, so she might as well hunt some Enemies to
earn points and disappeared.”
“Sh-she did, huh?” Before the conversation veered into even
stranger directions, Haruyuki wrestled it back on topic. “Anyway,
about the list-blocking mechanism. Because I flubbed up and lost
sight of Rust Jigsaw’s real self, all we can do now is wait for
news from the manager of Akihabara BG.”
“The Holy Land of duels? I’ve heard the rumors. So it really
does exist, huh, the underground stadium?”
“Although the amounts you bet and the fight money aren’t really any kind of underground prices.”
“If we weren’t dealing with all this, I’d want to go hang out
there.” Takumu paused for a moment and then sent a voice that
sounded consoling. “Whatever the results, I think you did great,
Haru. Nice work. Let’s just hope now that the manager over
there gets something on that mechanism soon.”
“Guess so. Thanks.”
“I brought your umbrella home, too, by the way. Okay, see
you tomorrow at school.”
The connection ended, and taking a deep breath, Haruyuki
pulled the now-warmed casserole out of the microwave and ate it
by himself. He then cleared the table and started in on his homework in his room, but he couldn’t concentrate right away the way
he usually could.
Today, he would crack Nomi’s list-blocking system; tomorrow
he’d attack and they’d duel, and with Takumu, who would have
mastered Incarnate, they would destroy him together. Somewhere in his heart, that was the way he had expected—no, as-

sumed—that things would play out.
Unfortunately, that was now impossible. Leaving the situation
as it stood another day meant Nomi got to spend that much more
time with Chiyuri. It was too much to bear when he imagined the
two of them talking, even just a single conversation.
Haruyuki shook his head several times and tried to turn his
focus on nothing but the holowindow before his eyes. But even as
he struggled to translate the English text, the weight pushing
heavily on his heart didn’t seem to be going anywhere.
Almost as if to mock his impatience, in the evening of that day,
April 17, the tag team Dusk Taker and Lime Bell made their real
debut in the Accelerated World. Haruyuki heard it from
Takumu’s mouth the following day.
Instead of Suginami, the pair invaded the Shinjuku area, the
western Tokyo dueling mecca. A tag team putting Lime Bell’s
healing ability with Dusk Taker and his ultimate combo technique of flying and long-distance flame power was the very definition of invincible, and the team thoroughly decimated any and
all comers.
Nomi’s tactic was entirely rational: actively use Chiyuri and
her inferior attack power as bait, and then slaughter the enemies
coming in to cut her down with his flames. This ruthless strategy
had no drawbacks for him, since he wasn’t worried about his
partner occasionally getting dragged into a ranged attack, and all
the Burst Linkers facing them for the first time were turned into
piles of ash.
Given that they even came up underdog-style to defeat the two
top Blue Legion members who challenged them last, the Accelerated World now thundered the name Dusk Taker, much more
loudly than it did at the appearance of Silver Crow six months
earlier.

8
“A-a hundred percent win rate?!”
The next day, the eighteenth, Thursday, lunchtime.
Haruyuki raised an astonished voice on a bench that sat upon
the roof of Umesato Junior High. “That’s…not like a metaphor or
something? They really haven’t lost once?”
“Yeah.” Takumu, seated next to him, nodded, the sandwich he
had bought in the cafeteria resting on his knees. “I heard it from
someone I know in Shinjuku. She says she watched every duel
Nomi and Chi were in right from the first one, so I guess it’s true.
Once Dusk Taker’s gauge is full and he takes to the air, no matter
what the duel avatar, he doesn’t let them do anything.”
Haruyuki stared in amazement for a while at the hamburger
he had just bitten into before nodding slowly. “Right, I get it.
Close-range types can’t get near him in the first place, and with
long-distance types, it’s a shooting match. It’d be impossible to
take out Dusk Taker when he’s got a healer.”
“Yeah. It sucks for you, Haru, but flying’s basically such a huge
power that you can’t materialize it without throwing away all
other potential. But by taking it, Nomi’s got the perfect match for
his long-range techniques. Right now, he’s deviating in unexpected ways from the principle of ‘same level, same potential.’ On
top of that, tactically, he’s got no weak points.” Peeling back the
plastic wrap of the sandwich half automatically, Takumu added in
a heavy voice, “Yesterday, it seemed like the high rankers at level
seven or eight were watching to see how it played out, so I don’t
know what’ll happen when they show up on the field. But if Nomi

ends up winning against even them, the situation’s way more serious than we were picturing.”
“Wh-what do you mean?”
“Haru, somewhere in our hearts, we’ve been thinking that no
matter how strong Nomi is, once Master—once Black Lotus
comes back…she can solve this in a single decisive stroke. But…”
Haruyuki very nearly dropped his hamburger. Reflexively, he
gripped it as tightly as he could, and paying no attention to the
sauce squeezing out to drip down onto his hand, he cried
hoarsely, “T-Taku! Are you saying she’ll lose?! Kuroyukihime to
Nomi?!”
“It’s not like I want to think that! But at the very least, we have
to acknowledge that that’s Nomi’s plan.”
Haruyuki realized that Takumu’s hand was trembling slightly
as he tried to farther peel back the plastic wrap. “Right,” his good
friend said, almost groaning, pale face turning even paler. “That’s
probably been Nomi’s plan right from the start. He’d chase us
into a corner during the week Master’s away, hit us where it
hurts, and line his ducks up in a row to take her down. It’s not
even about fighting her. He…he’s trying to hunt the Black King,
Black Lotus.”
“H-hunt?”
“Yeah. I got interested in targeting the Black King way back
then precisely because she only had the fighting power of her
dummy avatar. I figured if I could just take a few of her points,
that kind of thing. But Nomi’s different. I know he thinks he can
defeat Black Lotus in her true form and take this school—no, even
the king’s throne…”
“Impossible.” Haruyuki shook his head vigorously, as if to
chase away the cold sensation crawling up his spine. “As, as if

Kuroyukihime would lose to that guy!”
For Haruyuki, the gorgeous jet-black avatar was the lone absolute presence in the Accelerated World. He sincerely believed
there was no way she could lose to any Burst Linker, even another
king. It was impossible for his Black King to be defeated by an acceleration user who broke the rules like Nomi. It was impossible,
but…
If I were dragging her down…
If an idiot who gets infected with a virus, has secret video
taken of him, and even gets his wings stolen were to dull her
blades…Or, in the worst case, to have that effect in reality as well
—
“Haru.” Takumu abruptly clasped Haruyuki’s shoulder firmly.
“Haru. No matter what Nomi’s planning, there’s one thing we
should do. Before Saturday, we have to do everything we possibly
can.”
“Everything we can…So what’s that? As long as he’s blocking
the matching list, we can’t touch him,” he muttered hollowly, and
scowled fiercely. “Are you saying we should go to Shinjuku? You
want the two of us to challenge Nomi’s team and take Chiyu down
with him?”
It was Takumu’s turn to be silent. Finally, he took his hand
from Haruyuki’s shoulder, closed his eyes behind his glasses, and
whispered, “Don’t make me say it.”
“…Sorry,” Haruyuki apologized after a long sigh, hanging his
head. “We can’t try to choose between Kuroyukihime and
Chiyuri…Let’s just believe that right now the people at Akihabara
BG and Blood Leopard will get to the bottom of the list-blocking
mystery for us.”
These words were closer to an entreaty to some god than an

actual expectation, but the truth was they didn’t have any other
options left to them. Even if they went to Akihabara again, all
they’d be able to do was basically wander the streets at random.
Haruyuki took a big bite of his crushed hamburger, and as he
chomped away, he stared up at the slightly overcast sky.
Haruyuki made it through the two hours of the afternoon
somehow, and after he slipped away as always, practically fleeing
the chilly air of the classroom, he changed his shoes and gave
everything he had to a dash off school grounds. With a feeling like
praying, he connected to the global net and checked the anonymous mailbox he had given Blood Leopard, but—
“…Still nothing…”
He knew the situation was not as simple as all that, but that
didn’t stop a tidal wave of disappointment from crashing over
him, and his shoulders fell.
The day after tomorrow, Saturday evening, Kuroyukihime
would already be back from Okinawa. He should have been excited for that moment, but right then, that excitement was perfectly matched by the desire for her to stay safely away, if even for
just another day.
Forty-eight hours left. In that time, they had to discover
Nomi’s secret, delete the video, and get Chiyuri back. But the only
thing he could do right now was wait eagerly for information.
Tortured by a burning impatience, Haruyuki hung his head as
far as it would go and arrived at the road home alone. Takumu
definitely couldn’t skip practice for a third day, so he was at
kendo.
Haruyuki trudged back to the condo under a sky that intermittently dropped rain on him, entered the spacious lobby, and
looked up. At that moment, he saw the back of a girl in the uni-

form of his own Umesato Junior High, standing in front of one of
the two elevators at the opposite end of the lobby.
Short hair down to her shoulders. Sports bag slung across her
body. Even from behind, Haruyuki immediately knew it was
Chiyuri. But why, at that hour? Chiyuri was on the track team,
and she normally spent every day after school running around the
track until the teachers kicked her out. She shouldn’t have been
home until a full two hours after Haruyuki, himself a member of
the “Go Home” team. And as far as he could tell from seeing her
in class that day, she didn’t have a cold or anything like that.
Once the familiar back disappeared into the elevator and the
door closed, Haruyuki finally got it. She was skipping practice at
Nomi’s instruction. To duel in Shinjuku this evening, just like
yesterday. To keep using her own avatar as bait to lure in the
enemy and heal Dusk Taker, who sat safely up in the sky.
“…Chiyu,” he murmured, and unconsciously clenched his
hands into tight fists. He didn’t know what this feeling was,
welling up with the heat and density of molten metal from the
bottom of his stomach. But, agitated by it, he ran to the elevator
and flew inside the instant the door opened. There, he impulsively struck the button for two floors below his, the twenty-first.
When he got out of the elevator car, he ran once again and
stopped in front of the Kurashimas’ door. Unhesitatingly, he
pressed the doorbell button displayed and listened to the tinkling
sound effect. Chiyuri would already know through her home
server that the visitor was Haruyuki. He waited stubbornly, and
finally, he heard the sound of the lock, and the door opened.
Perhaps her mother had gone shopping, because it was
Chiyuri herself standing there on the step into the apartment. She
looked as though she had been in the middle of changing; her
blazer was off and the blue ribbon hung undone from the collar of
her shirt.

To all appearances totally calm, Chiyuri tilted her head slightly
and uttered a single word. “…What?”
“I came to talk,” Haruyuki replied immediately. In truth, he
hadn’t practiced what he would say, but nonetheless, his mouth
moved automatically.
“…That so.” Clipped again. Chiyuri whirled around and headed
back down the hallway.
Haruyuki held his breath and stepped over the threshold. He
quickly took off his shoes and chased after her.
Six months earlier, Haruyuki had also been struck with a similar impulse and come to her house. That time, it was to direct
with her and try to see whether or not she was Cyan Pile, the mysterious Burst Linker who was attacking through the Umesato
local net at the time.
This time, too, Brain Burst was at the heart of it. Despite the
similarity, the situation now was completely different. Chiyuri
was the Burst Linker Lime Bell, and on the surface, she stood in
opposition to Haruyuki and Takumu of her own free will.
She flopped down on her bed, clutching one of the many
stuffed animal cushions laying around—probably a sea creature
of some kind—to her knees. “So what’s there to talk about?”
Haruyuki stayed standing near the door, and words came out
as his mouth moved. “You skipping practice?”
“Yeah.”
He met her eyes with an unusual firmness as she gave him the
bare minimum of an answer, and further asked, “Did Nomi tell
you to?”
“…And if he did?”

“If he did, quit it. It’s wrong to put Brain Burst above real life.”
Here, for the first time, the expression on Chiyuri’s face
changed. Her brow furrowed slightly, and she replied in a sour
voice, “You’re one to talk. Haru, the only thing you ever think
about is Brain Burst.”
“Th-that’s not true. I’m not on any teams, and because of that,
I never forget to do my homework.”
“And you put the rest of your time into the game.”
He held his tongue and Chiyuri suddenly grinned.
“Just stop. It’s only a game. Don’t get so serious.” Her face was
cheerful and smiling, but Haruyuki, who had spent a lot longer
looking at that face than he had at his own, could see a clear, albeit faint, awkwardness hidden in her expression. But Chiyuri
smiled even more broadly and made a peace sign with her right
hand.
“It’s pretty amazing. Just yesterday, I went up two whole levels. The people in the Gallery said that going from level one to
level three in a day might be the fastest ever in Brain Burst. And, I
mean, I’ve got a bazillion invites to Legions.”
“…Chiyu.” As Haruyuki said her name in a voice that caught in
his throat, he took a step forward.
“I’m only skipping practice just right now, so don’t worry
about it. Once I’m settled enough so I can fight on my own, I’ll
slow it down. I’ve already got a pretty good feel for how the duel
—”
“Chiyu!!” he half shouted, and words escaped from his throat
like they were fleeing his body. “Chiyu, you obeying Nomi, it’s because of that video, isn’t it?! He told you he’d turn the video he
secretly took of me in to the school, didn’t he?! If he did, you

don’t have to worry about threats like that! Nomi can’t use it. If
he does, I’ll reveal his real info to other Burst Linkers, and he
knows that. That…He can only use that video to threaten you, not
me! So just forget about it!” Even as he spoke, he knew it
wouldn’t make a difference, no matter what he said.
If Nomi did expose the video, Haruyuki would almost certainly
be expelled. Not only that, it was possible he would be arrested
and sent to juvenile detention after a family court trial. As long as
that possibility actually existed, Chiyuri would continue to obey
Nomi. Because she was Chiyuri. Because she was Haruyuki’s
childhood friend who had always and forever tried to protect him.
She lowered her eyes and stayed silent for a long time before
smiling once more. “It’s not like that, Haru. I just want to hurry
up and get points so I can level up. I told you that the other day,
too.”
“That’s…that’s not like you at all!” Haruyuki shouted, eyes at
some point starting to well up with tears. “It’s me, it’s all my
fault! Being made to dance like a puppet by Nomi, all my weaknesses uncovered, and on top of that…if he takes you from me,
too, what am I supposed to do…?” Dropping to a squat on the
floor, Haruyuki hung his head and Chiyuri’s voice, similarly wet,
reached his ears.
“You don’t get it, Haru.” He raised his face with a start to see
his childhood friend still had a smile on her lips but two thin tear
trails dragged down her tanned cheeks. “You don’t get anything
about me.”
“Huh…”
“Nothing…You don’t understand anything at all!!” Suddenly
shrieking tearfully, Chiyuri started to do something wholly unexpected. With the fingers of shaking hands, she began to undo the
buttons of her shirt, starting at the top.

Frozen before her, Haruyuki swallowed hard as Chiyuri, after
a moment’s hesitation, ripped her shirt off. Her torso, clad in
nothing more than a simple undershirt, was revealed to
Haruyuki’s gaze without any obstructions of any kind.
A few days earlier, when Haruyuki had been tricked by the visual mask and charged into the girls’ shower room, he had seen
Chiyuri completely unclothed, but for some reason, seeing her
like this in front of him now hammered into his brain with overwhelmingly huge implications.
“…Will you get it if I do this?” Chiyuri whispered, her voice
wavering. “Even if my avatar in the Accelerated World is following Nomi, the me in the real world is here…where you could
touch me if you wanted to. Do you still not get it? No one’s taking
me away from you or anything like that.” She stared at Haruyuki
with tears spilling out of fiercely shining eyes and said, measuring
each word, “I move of my own free will. I always have; I always
will.”
Haruyuki—
—did not get it.
Chiyuri moved of her own free will. What was that supposed to
mean? That just like she had been saying, she had determined
that, as a Burst Linker, it was more to her advantage to go along
with Nomi rather than Haruyuki and their Legion and join up
with him to get even more points?
Instantly, Haruyuki realized the burning emotion that had
propelled him from the condo entrance to this spot was jealousy.
He was supposed to like Kuroyukihime and want Takumu and
Chiyuri to work everything out, but just thinking about Chiyuri at
Nomi’s side, something endlessly black welled up from deep in
his heart.
But Haruyuki brushed this feeling aside and simply hung his

head. “I’m sorry. Please put your clothes on.” He didn’t understand Chiyuri’s intention. But he decided to trust her. She was
probably fighting, too, trying to get out of a bad situation under
her own power. He had to believe that at least. If he couldn’t believe that after everything she’d said, he didn’t deserve to call
himself her friend anymore.
He stood up, taking care to not look at the motionless Chiyuri,
and turned back toward the door. “I believe you.” He said his last
words firmly. “So please believe me, too. Nomi’s not going to beat
me. I’m going to take back everything he’s taken.” And then he
opened the door and took long strides toward his own house.
Stepping out of his living room onto the balcony, Haruyuki
placed both hands on the railing and stared out at the urban center of Shinjuku rising up in the eastern sky. Catching the angled
sunlight, the government center, which stood more than five hundred meters tall, glittered and sparkled among the other skyscrapers in the herd. Duels were no doubt well under way against
the backdrop of these giants. Dusk Taker was steadily increasing
his fighting abilities, and there was nothing Haruyuki could do
right now about the Accelerated World shouting his name from
the rooftops.
As if he would give up now. “…There’s still one thing I can do,”
he murmured, clenching the rail tightly.
And that was think. Scrutinize all the information, investigate,
hypothesize. No robber could take just this weapon from him.
Still in his uniform, Haruyuki felt the cool wind blowing across
the twenty-third floor as he began to recall the particulars of how
this situation had come about—every single event from the moment Nomi Seiji had started at his school eight days earlier.
It was late that night when Takumu informed him that Dusk
Taker hadn’t appeared in Shinjuku that day, but rather in
Shibuya. The area might have been different, but what he did was

exactly the same as the previous day. No midlevel Burst Linkers
were able to fight back on first contact with Nomi, who held the
most powerful cards imaginable: flight, healing, super flame, etc.
The tag team managed a win rate of 100 percent for the second day in a row, scoring a vast number of points. As a result,
Dusk Taker was at level six. Lime Bell had reached level four.
This was no longer a phenomenon that fit in the duel framework. It would have been more fitting to call it an invasion of the
existing Accelerated World.
Around the time the sky of Shibuya was red with the flames of
war, Haruyuki was still leaning up against the railway of his balcony, intently ponderous.
The playback of his memories went past the mortal combat
with Nomi on Tuesday and instead focused in on the scene in Akihabara the previous day and its mysterious Burst Linker, Rust
Jigsaw. What he was doing was also an invasion of the existing
system. He was using the special privilege of list-blocking to earn
easy points in the Akihabara BG local net.
So it wasn’t necessarily so far-fetched to think that there was
some kind of connection between Rust Jigsaw and Dusk Taker.
At the very least, they were likely using the same logic to block
the list. He again felt a keen regret at losing Rust Jigsaw’s real self
in the crowd.
Tasting once again the bitterness he had chewed so thoroughly
on since the day before, Haruyuki called to mind the figure he
had glimpsed from behind. The gray team jacket. The pale neck
with the sharp Neurolinker tan. Receding quickly into the distance, rubbing that neck as if in pain.
The boy waved his right hand just as he was on the verge of
disappearing from Haruyuki’s sight, as if to say that the passersby
in front of him were in his way—

The playback of his memories stopped dead on this moment.
He rewound a few frames.
With the outstretched fingers of his right hand, the boy quickly
pushed through the air, right around chest level.
Why was this scene bugging him so much? He tightened his
grip on the railing of the balcony and mustered every bit of processing power he had. The feeling he got in puzzle games, that
faint clicking in the core of his mind when he touched on a clue
that led to a solution, came over him in waves.
Think. Think. Replaying the boy’s back over and over and
over, Haruyuki unconsciously made the same motion.
Raise his right hand, sweep it to the right.
This movement felt strangely familiar. He waved his right
hand again. Wave his right hand. Wave.
This— It wasn’t to shoo the person in front of him out of the
way. It was the movement to close a window on a virtual desktop.
But the boy hadn’t been wearing a Neurolinker. In which case,
maybe some kind of retina-projection wearable device? No, in the
movie of his memory, there was absolutely no trace of any equipment like that.
So the boy was looking at a holowindow with no Neurolinker
and no other device?
Impossible. As far as Haruyuki knew, no supersmall contact
lens monitors had been developed, and there was no device that
could be embedded in the eye.
Just when he was about to abandon this line of thinking with
the idea that he was mistaken, words Nomi had said to him
abruptly came back to life in his mind.

“You don’t think that the only portable devices in this world
are Neurolinkers, do you?”
That was what he had said as he pointed to the small digital
camera he had used to secretly film Haruyuki in front of the
Umesato shower rooms. It had meant nothing more than that. So
why was it bugging him so much now?
“Device…A device other than a Neurolinker,” he murmured,
touching the aluminum silver device around his own neck.
A VR machine that was not a Neurolinker. They did in fact
exist. Around 2020, before Haruyuki was born, you put this enormous headgear on your head. However, the machines of that time
were only for full dives. Neurolinkers were the first to actually implement AR of the sort where you could operate a virtual desktop
while going about your daily life in the real world—
“No.” Haruyuki furrowed his brow. “No, that’s not right, is it?
The first thing to implement AR was…” He stopped and let his
gaze wander through space.
Something in among his vague memories was jabbing at him.
Between the initial headgear and the current Neurolinker, there
had to have been another kind of device.
After struggling for a while, Haruyuki moved a quiet finger
and tapped on the drive icon on his virtual desktop. He dove
steadily into the countless data folders within his Neurolinker’s
local memory. At a very deep level, a folder with the simple name
of F appeared.
F was for father. Here he had saved all the information, or
rather memories, he had relating to his real father, a man he had
not heard from once since he’d left them way back when. Very
few photos. Sound files. Text memos. And a data folder on his father’s work that Haruyuki had copied from the home server right
before his mother would have deleted it completely.

His father had worked at a key network-related company. He’d
almost never made it home, and even when he was home on a
rare day off, his vision would be full of work materials; he never
bothered to look at anything else.
Remembering that there should have been something about
the development history of a VR device among these materials his
father had left on the home server, Haruyuki pushed aside the
prickly emotions stabbing at his heart as he waded intently
through the folder. Finally, he found the file he was looking for
and opened it. He traced the chronological text with a finger and
scrolled through it.
The first headgear-type VR machine realizing the full-dive
technology had come onto the market in May of 2022. The first
generation of the current Neurolinkers was released in April of
2031.
The instant his eyes took in the name of a certain device
printed between these two in small letters, his heart jumped into
his throat and his breathing stopped. The skin covering his body
suddenly froze, and Haruyuki grabbed on to the railing as hard as
he could with both hands.
No way. Ridiculous. Impossible. But…
It could happen, if you used this. Looking at a virtual desktop
without a Neurolinker…and connecting to a local net without
one, too.
Lips trembling, he released the words into the air in a hoarse
voice.
“…Brain…implant chip…”
Brain implant chip. BIC for short.

A wild child existing only for the briefest of moments in the
history of wearable VR machines.
The device itself was a small neuroelectronic chip implanted
between the surface of the cerebrum and the dura mater. With
self-growing terminals placed on the sensory area of the brain
surface, the owner was able to use AR displays like the virtual
desktop and even do full dives without equipping any external devices whatsoever. In a certain sense, it was the ultimate VR machine, much more so than the Neurolinker. It was developed and
put on the market in 2029. However, only a few years later, it was
banned within the country.
Because, unlike the Neurolinker, you could never power down
a BIC, much less take it off. If, hypothetically, a black hat hacker
got into your system, you’d face some extreme difficulties in
fighting back. Conversely, if you were to use it maliciously, you
could get around rules in a variety of ways. The prime example of
this was a high school or university entrance exam, or any kind of
certification test really. At the time, Neurolinkers did not yet
exist, so the basic principle for entrance exams was no VR machines, but if you had a BIC implant, you could easily get full
marks in memorization-type subjects. It was essentially the same
as bringing every dictionary and reference book ever printed in
with you.
Cases of desperate parents implanting BICs in their test-taking
children popped up all over the country, and once the phenomenon spread to the bar exam and the civil servant test, the government was forced to regulate the production and use of BICs. As of
the present day in 2047, BICs were illegal VR machines.
Which was exactly why Haruyuki hadn’t even considered the
possibility when Nomi started at Umesato. Now, however, he had
to assume no other conclusion was possible. General use of BICs
was restricted, but their manufacture continued for specialized
applications, and he had heard that there were even hospitals

that would implant “dark chips” diverted into the black market.
He had absolutely no idea how a junior high school kid would
manage that, but if there was one person who could probably do
it, it was Nomi.
Seiji Nomi/Dusk Taker—and probably Rust Jigsaw, too—had a
second VR machine on the surface of his brain. It wasn’t that
Nomi was blocking the matching list while connected to the Umesato local net. He had never connected a Neurolinker with Brain
Burst in it to the net.
In other words, he used his Neurolinker as a normal standalone. In so doing, he avoided the supposedly unavoidable duels
that were the risk that went hand in hand with the privilege of
Brain Burst’s power of acceleration, for he could also connect to
the network with the BIC. Take the kendo match with Takumu,
for instance: While Nomi used the BIC in his head to connect to
the local net, he used his unconnected Neurolinker to physically
accelerate and dodge Takumu’s shinai. It was only natural that
his name wasn’t on the matching list when they looked.
Except for that one moment when he was connected through
his Neurolinker rather than the BIC and had used acceleration to
get top marks on his social studies test—
“Right…That’s right…,” Haruyuki squeezed out hoarsely,
killing all of the countless windows still displayed in his field of
vision with a wave of his hand.
Finally. He had finally gotten it. The only correct answer.
And this information was lethal for Seiji Nomi. You could
check for the existence of a BIC with an X-ray scanner. If a chip
was discovered in Nomi’s brain, his acceptance at Umesato Junior High would definitely be rescinded.
If Haruyuki played this card, he could drag Nomi down to the
same place as he was in. To a battlefield without privileges. In

which case, there was only one thing left for him to do. Duel him,
fight with every bit of strength he could muster—and win.
He stared out at the night sky over the center of Tokyo; Dusk
Taker was no doubt soaring through it right about then. “Nomi…
This time for sure, I’m finishing this,” he said briefly, each word a
bullet.

9
April 19.
Friday.
On lunch break that day, just one day before Kuroyukihime’s
return to Tokyo, Haruyuki proceeded toward the student cafeteria, cut through the rows of long tables, and headed straight for
the very back.
His objective was the lounge, a place where, on top of the unspoken rule that only eighth and ninth graders could use it, many
of the tables were reserved seats for council members and the
champions’ club. Haruyuki had, up to that point, not once set foot
in it when Kuroyukihime was not there.
However, for now at least, he mustered up the courage to slip
through the white gates and walked over to one of the round tables. The students sitting there, having lunch as they chatted
pleasantly, noticed Haruyuki’s approach and lifted their faces.
As the stars of the swimming and softball teams showered him
with the dubious gaze reserved for the obviously out of place,
Haruyuki turned toward the lone seventh-grade student, small of
stature, back still turned, and began to speak in a low voice.
“Nomi. I need to talk to you. Come to the place we first spoke.”
And then he turned on his heel without waiting for a reply.
As he waited for Nomi under the gloom of the stand of trees in
the courtyard, free from the watchful eyes of the social cameras,
Haruyuki recalled the day he had first met the grade seven here.

The lowerclassman, cute like a girl, had declared to Haruyuki
with a bright voice and a broad smile that the fight was over. And
just as he said, from that moment on, the more Haruyuki struggled, the worse he made his own situation. He struck out at Nomi
and was instead beaten down himself; on top of being stepped on,
he had his flying ability stolen in a direct duel. Although an upset
victory had been within his reach in the rematch after he learned
the Incarnate System in the Unlimited Neutral Field, he was
forced to even greater defeat because of Chiyuri’s unexpected appearance.
Nomi’s war even pushed into the real world, where Haruyuki
was pushed up against the wall thanks to Nomi spreading the
rumor that Haruyuki was the secret camera criminal. In the Accelerated World, Nomi was using Haruyuki’s wings and Chiyuri’s
person to earn vast quantities of points and level up. If this kept
up, the Black King, Black Lotus, most likely Nomi’s final target as
Takumu had said, might even be exposed to danger.
However…
It ends here, Nomi.
He heard branches breaking under footfalls approaching him
from behind, and Haruyuki slowly turned around. He stared at
the innocent yet cunning smile of the lowerclassman, who appeared from the shadow of a thick oak’s trunk.
“That’s game over. Seiji Nomi—I mean, Dusk Taker.”
“…What did you say?” Smile still playing on his lips, Nomi
cocked his head slightly. “Does this then mean that you’re admitting your complete defeat? Are you saying, I give up, so please
don’t torment me anymore?”
“No. I mean that this game with you is finished,” Haruyuki
replied in a low voice, putting every ounce of force his body had

into his eyes, to meet his opponent’s teasing gaze.
Nomi’s smile gradually faded, and a faint line of displeasure
dug in between his eyebrows. “Arita, you really are slow on the
uptake, aren’t you? I’ll concede that you worked hard, learning a
stingy little Incarnate attack and finding that firecracker thing
you call an Enhanced Armament, but it should be clear by now
that this served you absolutely no purpose. All you and
Mayuzumi can do now is watch enviously from the sidelines. I
will defeat the Black King and rule this school—no, the entire
Suginami area.”
Nomi’s voice was cold, a slicing knife, and Haruyuki shook his
head hard to brush the words away. “No. I won’t let you do that.”
He took a step forward and announced curtly, “The reason you
don’t show up on the matching list is because you have a second
VR machine in that head of yours. By which I mean…an illegal
brain implant chip.”
The sudden change that came over Nomi’s face confirmed the
correctness of Haruyuki’s guess. Both eyes flew open before narrowing grimly. His bared teeth squeaked and several thin lines
ran along the bridge of his nose. But he didn’t make a move to
open his mouth to try and speak, so Haruyuki pushed further.
“If I’m wrong, then go ahead and take off your Neurolinker
right now. I know the school register tag I can see won’t disappear even if you do.”
Nomi and Haruyuki both knew there was no point in him
feigning ignorance and saying he had no obligation to do any
such thing. If Haruyuki sent in an anonymous tip to the school
authorities, Nomi would end up getting a brain scan at the hospital with a member of the school management staff as a witness. It
would be completely and entirely impossible to falsify the result.
Nomi would then be deemed to have been admitted to the school
under false pretenses, and in addition to being expelled, he would
be forced to undergo treatment to inactivate the BIC. The damage

would be equivalent to or greater than what would happen to
Haruyuki if he was “outed” as the secret video criminal.
Not even trying to hide his rage, Nomi glared at Haruyuki. “…
Here I thought you were a pig, and the truth is you’re a rat,
hmm?” he spat in a hoarse voice. “Endlessly darting about, sniffing at everything…”
“Then you should have crushed me at the start. The fact that
you didn’t is your mistake.”
Nomi gradually suppressed the heat of his anger at Haruyuki’s
retort, and the sneer returned to his lips. “Well, I will give you
that. So? What do you plan to do? Is it your wish to fire our missiles and be destroyed together? We’ll both be expelled. I’ll be
sent to the hospital and you to juvenile detention. Moreover, at
some point we’ll both be attacked in the real and lose Brain Burst.
Are you saying that that is the ending you’re choosing?”
“If it comes to that. I’m not afraid of that.” But clenching fists
cold with sweat, Haruyuki opened his mouth to suggest the ending he had spent the whole night thinking up. “Nomi. We each
hold a trump card, you with my video, me with your secret. If
there is a way to resolve this other than using these cards and destroying each other in the real…it’s a duel.”
“A duel?”
“Yeah. You and I are both Burst Linkers, after all. Connect to
the local net right now through your Neurolinker, not your BIC.
Turn off the once-a-day limit and just keep fighting me. Until one
of us admits defeat or loses all his burst points. Although I’ll tell
you right from the start, I have no intention of surrendering until
my last point is gone.”
And then even if I do lose, after that, it’s Taku. And then
Kuroyukihime will fight you.

Nomi had to have heard these unspoken words, added on in
Haruyuki’s heart.
Once more, albeit for a very brief moment, deep anger and irritation rose up onto the face of Seiji Nomi. “Duel. Burst Linker.
Both terms that I despise. No, the very mentality that would seriously use those words is so detestable I can hardly stand it. But…
if that is what you desire, then I suppose I have no choice.” His
expression reverted to his usual faint smile as he leaned back
against the oak and flipped a finger up. “But if it’s going to be like
this, then I have one suggestion.”
“…Suggestion?”
“Don’t you think it’s ridiculous to fight accelerated duel after
duel, dozens of times, even hundreds of times if it goes poorly,
until one of us loses all his points? And assuming one of us surrenders, what kind of guarantee does that offer?”
“So what are you saying we should do?”
“Let’s finish it in one go. The ‘final battle’ you do so like,”
Nomi said, gruesome grin cut into his face. “In the Unlimited
Neutral Field, there’s a way to wager all the burst points of the
players on a single match. Two or more duelers charge all their
points into an item, and then the last player left standing gets the
item and the points. So? Don’t you think this is a rather smart
way of deciding things?”
Haruyuki stared hard at Nomi’s smiling face for several seconds and then shook his head slightly. “Unfortunately, Nomi, I
can’t trust you that much. I’m sure this is no surprise to you or
anything. In the Unlimited Neutral Field, I can’t rule out the possibility that you’ll ambush me with your friends in the place of the
battle.”
Nomi spread his hands in a “what am I going to do with you?”
sort of way. “I think I’m the one at risk of that! But in that case,

allow me to give you two guarantees. The first is that you are welcome to bring Cyan Pile—Mayuzumi. I’ll fight you each in turn.
And the second is that you can go ahead and postpone the time of
the battle immediately before it is to start by however many minutes as many times as you like. That way, it would, in reality, be
impossible to ambush someone.”
Haruyuki held his breath and thought quickly.

In the Unlimited Neutral Field, time passed at a thousand times
faster than in the real world. So for instance, if they initially set a
dive for five PM, if he postponed it by ten minutes a few seconds in
advance of that, a week of time would pass inside. If he did this
several times, the lapsed time would balloon, making it impossible to keep waiting and not go insane. And if you repeatedly
broke away with dives in small increments, you would have to use
ten burst points each time. No one but a king-class player could
sustain that kind of point loss.
The talk of ambushes in the Unlimited Neutral Field made
him remember the Yellow Legion’s scheme against Red King
Niko during the whole Chrome Disaster thing three months earlier, but it wasn’t like they had been sitting there waiting for
months, not knowing when Niko would show up. In the process
of transferring the Enhanced Armament, they had cracked the
real of Disaster’s true self Cherry Rook, and they had guessed at
what time Niko would dive by monitoring his movements. Without means like that, setting up an ambush in the Unlimited Neutral Field was impossible—or you would think, anyway.
However, Haruyuki was well aware that his knowledge of the
Accelerated World was still far from great, so of course, he didn’t
give an immediate answer. “If that’s what you want to do, I can
talk it over with Takumu, yeah?”
“Of course you can. Please do! Go ahead! You go and discuss it
to your heart’s content.” Grinning, Nomi took a step back. “Once
you make a decision, please get in touch with me at this address.
I’d also like time to prepare mentally.” He flicked an anonymous
mailing address at Haruyuki, then whirled around and left the
courtyard. Haruyuki held his breath and stared at his receding
back.
He had a bad feeling. He had assumed this would play out
with him hitting Nomi with the single word BIC and then they
would just jump into the duel straightaway. He felt like Nomi was

trying to wrest back control by getting this time now.
After checking that Nomi had disappeared into the school
building, Haruyuki leaned up against a nearby tree and uttered in
neurospeak, “What do you think, Taku?”
“It’s risky,” Takumu replied immediately. He had been listening to the whole conversation with Nomi online.
Haruyuki had already told Takumu all about the BIC things he
had realized the night before. They had also decided on how to
finish things with Seiji Nomi, the idea that first Haruyuki, and
then Takumu, would intently challenge him to duels on the local
net until Nomi ran out of burst points.
Naturally, it wasn’t as though they hadn’t considered the possibility that both of them would lose all of their points going up
against the level-six Dusk Taker. But if they were defeated in a
normal fight—well, that was that. Once you dive into the battlefield, there is only the fight. That was precisely the thinking of
their master, Kuroyukihime.
However, neither of them had anticipated Nomi’s proposal.
Takumu repeated once more in a tense thought, “It’s too risky,
Haru. We don’t know what could happen in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Especially when our opponent is Nomi.”
“So then we ax his proposal?”
Here, Takumu fell silent. Finally, he started in a darker tone,
“But like Nomi says, even supposing he does surrender, we have
no guarantees…That still leaves the possibility of him setting up
a new trap someday.”
“Hey, Taku. Can you think of any way to set up an ambush in
the Unlimited Neutral Field and get around the indefinite postponement of the specified time?”

“Maybe a huge number of burst points,” Takumu replied
slowly, after another few seconds of silence. “A huge amount of
endurance. There shouldn’t be anything other than that. The
problem is whether or not Nomi has any friends who would be
willing to make such an enormous sacrifice.”
This time, Haruyuki thought for a while before speaking.
“Hmm. There’s a good chance he belongs to some kind of organization. The kind that’d make its members have a procedure to
get a BIC implanted. That Rust Jigsaw I fought in Akihabara’s
probably one of them. Neither of them have a tag on their
avatar name, so I guess it’s not a Legion.”
“So like a bunch of guys who efficiently earn burst points with
the brain chip and then use them in the real world? Those ‘acceleration users’ Nomi talked about before, no doubt.”
“Right. So would these guys basically be infinitely wasteful
with their points and time to help Nomi out of this jam he’s in?”
Biting his lip, Haruyuki soon continued. “No, I can’t believe they
would be. That bit Nomi said about there being no such thing as
freely given friendship is the truth for him. To put it the other
way, if he did have friends like that, I’m sure Nomi…would be a
better real Burst Linker.”
These words of his were without any foundation, but Takumu
replied quickly with an assenting thought. “Yeah. You’re right.
That’s exactly it. This is a fight between you and me, Burst Linkers, and Nomi, acceleration user. That’s the ground on which
our pride stands…Yeah, that’s right…”
For a moment, the shared thought was a white light flowing
through the voice call circuit.
Haruyuki nodded sharply and sent a strong thought. “Okay,
then. I’ll say yes. The first set time’ll be once you and Nomi are
done with practice and have gotten back home. So let’s say…

eight tonight. If we postpone this a minimum of even ten times,
that’s more than an hour, which should take care of the possibility of an ambush.”
“Roger.”
His shoulders relaxed at the prompt response and Haruyuki
added, “And to be honest, I’m kinda glad to get a one-off fight.”
“Heh-heh. That’s ’cause you’re the overconcentrating type,
Haru. I’m counting on you to finish him quickly for me.”
“But that’d suck for you after you went to all the trouble of the
Incarnate training.”
They laughed together for a minute, and after a quick “See you
after school” back and forth, Haruyuki ended the call.
I’m so glad I have Taku with me. He felt it deep down, and he
was thankful from the bottom of his heart that he hadn’t chosen
to strike the final blow when he and Cyan Pile fought for the first
time six months earlier.
After school. Seven thirty PM.
He finished cleaning up the living room and had just pulled
his usual frozen pizza out of the freezer to heat up when the doorbell rang. He glanced at the holowindow that popped up, confirmed that it was Takumu’s face there, and raced to the entryway. He pressed the UNLOCK button and said to the opening door,
“Hey! Right on—”
Before he could finish with time, Haruyuki reeled back, mouth
hanging open.
Standing behind Takumu with a stern look was another familiar face.

“Ch-Chiyu?!”
Why now, here?
Not even giving him the time to voice this question, Chiyuri, in
her street clothes, murmured, “I’m coming in,” expressionlessly
and stepped up into the hallway. She slid by Haruyuki and
walked into the living room.
He stared dumbfounded after her before turning back to
Takumu. “Wh-why?”
“I didn’t call her. She was just in the elevator with me,”
Takumu muttered, also having a hard time understanding it. He
exhaled a thin breath and closed the door before asking if he
could come in with a tilt of his head.
Nodding repeatedly, Haruyuki went back down the hallway
with Takumu.
Chiyuri, standing in the kitchen rather than the living room,
lifted up the frozen pizza box he had left in the sink. “As usual,
eating stuff like this,” she said with a small smile. She returned
the box to the freezer and held up a bag she had brought with her.
“I got Mom to make lasagna again. For the three of us.” She
paused for a moment. “Don’t worry. It’s not poisoned or anything.”
The instant the joke reached his ears, a sharp pain pierced his
chest squarely in the center and he twisted his face up. Why do
things have to be like this between us? The thought spun around
in the back of his mind. When he averted his gaze, he saw
Takumu’s eyes also stiffen under his glasses.
Looking away, Chiyuri quickly pulled a heat-resistant container out of the bag and split its contents over three plates. With
one plate in her left hand and two adroitly balanced in her right,
she headed into the living room. “C’mon, sit down.” Smiling, she

placed the plate with the slightly larger piece in front of Haruyuki
and a plate with a piece about the same size as her own in front of
Takumu. She took forks from the cutlery basket in the middle of
the dining table and handed them to the two boys.
Compared with last week’s Chiyuri, each of these movements
was dull, as if her arms were bound by some unseen rope, and
Haruyuki couldn’t bear to watch anymore.
He accepted the fork and fixed his gaze on his plate. “Thanks,”
he said in a small voice. “So let’s eat.”
“Yeah, let’s eat,” Takumu agreed.
At Chiyuri’s “Go ahead,” the two began to eat her mother’s
special lasagna. It was delicious. It was even a cut above the one
they had been treated to the previous week. However, the deliciousness just made the pain in Haruyuki’s heart all the starker.
He felt like he would start crying if he stopped chewing, so
Haruyuki moved fork to mouth intently, almost cradling his
plate.
Within ten minutes, all three plates were empty. Chiyuri went
to do the dishes and then sat back down at the table. She finally
opened her mouth to break the silence at 7:50 PM. “Nomi told me
to come. To the place of the final battle.”
“Wh—”
“Huh?!”
Haruyuki and Takumu spoke at the same time.
After a momentary blank space, his thoughts started spinning
at high speed. “H-he did? Right, you’re already level four now. So
you can go to the Unlimited Neutral Field, too.” Foolishly,
Haruyuki hadn’t even considered the possibility that Chiyuri
might show up, too. But he knew Nomi wouldn’t hesitate to use

Lime Bell to ambush them.
“B-but…how was Nomi planning to tell you the right time?”
Takumu’s question was totally natural. Haruyuki and Takumu
could change the specified time at will and shake off any Burst
Linkers lying in wait. Chiyuri was no exception.
Chiyuri dropped her head, as if trying to escape the two sets of
eyes pointed her way. “Nomi told me,” she muttered. “He told me
to meet you guys directly and say I was betraying him. To make
you trust me like this and dive at the same time as you guys. He
told me to heal him once the duel started.”
“…What are you…” Haruyuki clenched his teeth abruptly.
How far will that coward go?! Rage shot through his brain,
while an even greater confusion bubbled up in him—what was
Chiyuri’s intention in confessing all this?
As if sensing his doubt, Chiyuri continued thinly, “But I guess
that’s too much, huh? After everything that’s happened, I’m not
especially persuasive. So I…To tell the truth, I wanted to ask you
both a favor.”
“Ask us…?”
She looked at Haruyuki and Takumu in turn, large eyes veiled
with tears. “Please take me with you,” she said, enunciating each
word. “I have to go. If you say no…Although if that’s what you
say, there’s nothing I can do about it. In that case, I’ll just dive
into the Unlimited Neutral Field right here and now and wait on
the other side until you come. I’ll wait however many months,
years it takes.”
“…Chiyu, you…” He squeezed the words from his choked
throat. Naturally, this declaration hit him hard, but hearing the
words “Unlimited Neutral Field” come so smoothly from her
mouth was even more of a shock. She should still have been a

total beginner; a mere week earlier, she hadn’t know the first
thing about Brain Burst. The question welled up in his heart for
the hundredth, thousandth time since this whole thing started.
Why, why? Chiyu, why are you doing all this?! Why are you
so stuck on Brain Burst when you were pushing against it so
hard before? What do you keep earning points for?!
And yes, Haruyuki couldn’t stop himself from even this
thought: What if this is a trap? What if she’s betraying us a second time, and this is a strategy to get herself into the final battle
and steal our points?
He honestly didn’t know if he could win this fight against Dusk
Taker, even one-on-one, but adding in Lime Bell’s healing ability
against him, his chances of victory essentially disappeared. Just
like in the fight on Tuesday.
He didn’t know. He couldn’t manage to get a handle on what
Chiyuri was actually up to.
Breaking the heavy silence was Takumu’s quiet voice. “Okay,
Chi. Come with us.”
“T-Taku…”
Takumu turned toward Haruyuki and smiled gently. “Haru.
Six months ago, you saved me in that first fight in the hospital.
I’m sure you had your doubts. There was a very real possibility
that I was just saying whatever to stay alive, and once the fight
was over, I’d immediately try to hunt Black Lotus, still in her
coma. But…you forgave me. No, you trusted me. I’ll never, ever
forget that…which is why…” He took a deep breath, throat trembling, and declared resolutely, “I trust Chi. I hate it that no matter
how much I think about it, I can’t figure out her real motives…but
whatever happens because of what she does, I’ll accept it.”
In the once-again-silent room, Haruyuki watched Chiyuri’s

lips move soundlessly. It was just the slight movement of a
tremor, but words did in fact reach his ears.
Thank you, Taku.
Haruyuki squeezed his eyes shut tightly. On the screen of his
eyelids, the tears she had shown him in her room the day before
came back to life.
I move of my own free will.
That’s what she had said as tears poured down her face. In
which case, the little stuff didn’t matter. It was just like Takumu
said: Either he trusted her or he didn’t. That was the only issue.
And the answer was obvious. He had already decided that years
before, back when Chiyuri and Haruyuki didn’t really talk for
real.
“Got it.” Haruyuki bobbed his head up and down. “We go. The
three of us.”
As the clock struck eight, Haruyuki sent the first text mail to
Nomi. Dive time 8:05 PM. The place: in front of Koenji Station in
the Unlimited Neutral Field.
Of course, both of these would be successively changed going
forward. He would send the new instructions mere seconds before the specified time, so even supposing Nomi did have someone lying in wait, it would be impossible for him to communicate
the change. The sole risk was that Nomi had his ambush personnel with him in the real, like Haruyuki and his friends, so that
they could dive at the same time, but he couldn’t believe that
Nomi had any friends he trusted that much. To remove this possibility as well, they had considered meeting Nomi on this side as
well and then diving, but this proposal was abandoned with the
reasoning that leaving their unconscious bodies alone in front of
Nomi was even riskier.

Haruyuki kept sending mail after mail, changing the time and
place at irregular intervals. The tension he felt while on standby
was uncomfortable, like being left for an extensive period in the
dentist’s waiting room. However, it was probably nothing compared to the irritation Nomi must have been feeling, so he endured it. Nomi couldn’t know exactly how many minutes, how
many times they planned to drag this thing out.
9:12 PM.
After postponing the fight a full fifteen times or more,
Haruyuki finally said, “Okay. We dive in one minute.”
“Roger,” Takumu replied, and Chiyuri nodded.
A single fight with their cumulative points on the line. No matter how drawn out it got, it wouldn’t take more than an hour. In
other words, in real time, everything would be over in a mere 3.6
seconds.
Kuroyukihime. Haruyuki’s heart called out to her in distant
Okinawa. If I lose, you’ll probably be super angry and pretty
sad, too. But I know you’ll understand in the end. It’s exactly because I’m trying to be your knight that I have to do this.
Five seconds before 9:13.
Haruyuki hit the SEND button on the final mail.
The text: “Place: Umesato Junior High School grounds. Time:
Now.”
“Here we go!!” Haruyuki shouted, and then the three of them
called out the command with one voice.
“Unlimited Burst!!”

10
Night.
An enormous pale disc glittered and glimmered in the black
sky. The surface of the earth, the buildings, everything was white
as though the color had been drained out. The world wasn’t colorless, but more like the shade of dried bone. Square houses cast
neat shadows on the broad road. In the distance, the Shinjuku
center, transformed into chalk towers carving out spirals, pierced
the night sky and soared upward.
“A Moonlight stage?” Takumu—Cyan Pile murmured after
looking around at the virtual world of western Tokyo.
Haruyuki quickly listed the characteristics from his memory.
“It’s bright, but you basically can’t see anything in the shadows.
Noise carries from far away. Few Enemies. There are no trap-type
terrain effects.”
“Surprise attacks from a hiding place in open spaces are basically impossible. We were right to choose the school.” After nodding at one another, they glanced behind them.
In the empty white space that had originally been the Arita living room stood a quiet Lime Bell, shining a vivid emerald green
in the light of the moon. She didn’t look any different from when
he’d seen her on Tuesday. But in a mere two days, she had been
in an incredible number of duels and won all of them, meaning
that she had already reached level four, just like Haruyuki and
Takumu. They had been at level four for a while, though, so there
was probably still a fair gap in the total number of points they had
earned, given that Haruyuki and Takumu were on the verge of

reaching level five and Chiyuri had barely leveled up to four, but
at the very least, their potential should have been the same.
During the short period of this dizzying climb, Chiyuri, as
Nomi’s healer/bait, had no doubt been exposed to all kinds of attacks from countless Burst Linkers. Haruyuki keenly understood
just how difficult and painful that experience must have been.
But she came to stand in front of them in a movement that revealed no exhaustion whatsoever. “Let’s go,” she said briefly. And
then without hesitation, she tossed herself from the terrace,
which was the equivalent of the twenty-third floor of the former
condo. She fluttered down to the ground using the terraces below
and the decorative objects as footholds, all without a trace of a
newbie’s awkwardness.
Haruyuki and Takumu looked at each other again, and after
unconsciously grinning wryly, they flew down the same way. The
three avoided the route they usually took to school and trotted
down a back road. As they kept an eye out, the two boys smashed
objects as they went along to build up their special-attack gauges.
They didn’t enter the school from the front but first came out
on the roof of the family restaurant on the other side of Oume
Kaido and checked out the location of the final battle from the
shadows.
Umesato Junior High School had been transformed into
something like a medieval European palace. In what was perhaps
a gothic style, enormous columns were lined up along the front,
and several sculptures of angels and demons jutted out from the
walls.
Those can’t all be duel avatars, can they? He rubbed his eyes
and, after checking that they were all, in fact, stone, he turned to
the school once again.
The expansive grounds had become a garden covered by thin

tiles in complex patterns. There was not a single object on the
field, just the long, thin shadows cast by the lance-like towers—
formerly the main pillars of the baseball fence.
“Doesn’t look like anyone’s hiding here,” Haruyuki murmured,
and Takumu nodded.
“Yeah. But Nomi’s not here, either…Maybe he was a half second behind us on the dive.”
“If he doesn’t come in five minutes, we’ll port out for a bit
through Koenji Station…Wait, hold up a sec.” The faint sound of
the wind reached Haruyuki’s ears. The stage was completely
windless, so something was moving in the sky. A flying Enemy—
or a flying duel avatar. Whirling his head up toward the southwestern sky, Haruyuki froze solid the instant he saw it.
A shadow approached within the night sky aglitter with tiny
stars, and then shined white in the moonlight. Slim body. Claws
on both hands. And stretching out from his back: devil wings.
Dusk Taker.
“No…mi…,” he groaned unconsciously, and, as if drawn by
that voice, the avatar began its descent.
Arms crossed, drawing an elegant spiral in the air, he came
down in the center of the schoolyard, an almost-silent landing.
Just seeing this, Haruyuki knew that Nomi had already completely mastered the flight ability.
The avatar with the marauding attribute slowly folded his
wings and stopped moving. Once again, the world was filled with
silence.
Haruyuki’s senses couldn’t pick up any changes. There were
no movements of secret approach, no footfalls crawling up from
his blind spot, nothing.

After waiting a full minute and more, Haruyuki whispered,
“Let’s go.”
Next to him, Takumu nodded. They stood up at the same time
and jumped down onto the street. Dusk Taker jerked his head up
at the sound of their feet.
Staring over at him, Haruyuki and his friends entered the
Umesato campus through the school gates and headed for the
schoolyard, going around the edge of the school. The three
avatars’ feet clacked against the hard tile. The light of the moon
carved sharp shadows behind them.
Rather than entering the courtyard, Chiyuri walked along the
southern wall of the school and stood quietly in the shadows.
Haruyuki and Takumu moved straight ahead toward the wideopen space of the center, stopping when they were about twenty
meters from Dusk Taker. Haruyuki silently shot his gaze toward
him.
After a few seconds of this, Nomi uncrossed the arms folded in
front of his chest and spread them lightly to the sides. “I suppose
I am the one who said it was fine to postpone as many times as
you wanted!” Tinged with a metallic effect, the boy’s voice echoed
lightly in the pale world. “But, honestly, I didn’t expect you to
drag it out like that, Arita! I’m not sure if I should call you cautious or suspicious.”
“By now I’ve learned that with you as my opponent, I can
never be too suspicious.”
To Haruyuki’s retort, Nomi gave a short chuckle before thrusting his right hand out. Pinched between the tips of his fingers was
a single card. It resembled the one the Yellow King had used before to play a video of the past, but this one was red like blood.
Haruyuki had heard that the majority of special items sold in the
Unlimited Neutral Field Shop were card-shaped.

Nomi waved the card at Haruyuki and Takumu. “The name of
this card is Sudden Death Duel. It’s fairly expensive, but I’ll make
it my treat.” He laughed once again. “First, I’ll charge it with all
the points I have. The remaining two fighter slots are set to team,
so please, both of you wager your points as well. At the point
when my HP gauge becomes zero, if you are both still alive, all the
charged points will be evenly split between the two of you. If
there’s only one of you, then he gets them all. And at the point
when I defeat both of you, I get the points.”
“In other words, if the both of us survive, there’s no need for
us to fight each other, right?”
“Precisely. Call it a little forethought on my part. The key critical factor here is…” Nomi brandished the card once more and
said, “The battle won’t stop until someone dies. And the person
who dies will lose Brain Burst. No holds barred, hmm? Oh, and
just so you know. If you leave through a portal, it will be treated
as defeat at that moment. You’ll be faced with a forced uninstall
the moment you return to reality.”
“Got it.” Nodding, Haruyuki looked at Takumu. Cyan Pile also
jerked his head up and down, eyes shining fiercely beneath the
slits lined up on his mask. “Okay, guess that’s fine.”
At Haruyuki’s voice, Nomi nodded slowly and touched the
card with the fingertips of his left hand. He performed several operations and the card gleamed a brief, vivid bright red. Then he
tossed it at Takumu, who caught it, touching it as he did, and the
card shone once again. Takumu tossed it to Haruyuki, and he
pinched it in the fingers of his right hand. Taking a deep breath,
he clicked with his left and touched the CHARGE button in the center of the holowindow that popped up.
After an explanation of the sudden-death rules scrolled past in
a blunt font, a YES/NO confirmation dialog popped up. YES.
When the normally extremely curt Brain Burst system asked,

ARE YOU SURE?, Haruyuki truly understood the fact that he was on
the brink of death. Despite the fact that he was technically cut off
from his real flesh-and-blood body, a chill ran up his spine. At the
same time as his limbs went numb, a virtual adrenaline pumped
into his veins.
However, of course: YES.
The card flashed a remarkably dazzling red, pulled away from
Haruyuki’s hand, and rose up slightly in the sky. Around it, the
digital numbers of a countdown slowly rolled down.
If news of this final battle had made it into the Accelerated
World, they would’ve no doubt been instantly surrounded by the
largest Gallery ever assembled. Although it had been six months
since Haruyuki became a Burst Linker, before now, he had never
even heard of a sudden-death battle with all your points on the
line.
No. That wasn’t right. He had heard of something like it.
Black Lotus, the Black King and a master of the sword, who
Haruyuki loved and respected more than anyone. Because of a
special rule that applied only to level-nine Burst Linkers, she carried the risk of sudden death with her into every fight. For instance, in the Territories every weekend: If another king were to
show up, meticulously prepared, in the worst case she would lose
that duel, and she would immediately lose Brain Burst forever.
Kuroyukihime. You’ve been living all this time under this
heavy cloud, he murmured in his heart, and a second later, the
countdown reached zero.
Flaming letters announced the start of the duel.
Dusk Taker threw out the talons of both hands.
Haruyuki crouched and readied his sword hands around him.

But Nomi’s wings stayed folded up, and he didn’t seem to be
generating the purple pulsation. Maybe he wanted a ground fight
with no Incarnate first?
Bring it! Haruyuki cried in his head and kicked off the ground.
A fierce dash would cover the twenty meters between them at
once. The figure of his enemy rapidly grew larger before his eyes.
He cut across the shadows of the poles stretching out over the
white schoolyard. One, two—
It happened when he stepped on the third pole.
Something sprang up, spurting forth from the slim shadow not
more than ten centimeters wide: A darkness that shouldn’t have
been able to hide anything closed in on Haruyuki from both sides.
Squares, sides about a meter long: Two matte jet-black panels
shot up as if on a spring mechanism the instant Haruyuki stepped
on the pole’s shadow and boxed him in with terrifying force. Even
with Silver Crow’s speed, he couldn’t avoid them. It was all he
could do to stick out his hands and try to stop their advance.
Clang! The metallic impact echoed in the night, and sparks
flew from the joints of his arms. A slice was taken from his HP
gauge, the only one he could see.
“Ngh!” he involuntarily cried out at the sharp pain. Although
the panels were extremely thin, no more than a few millimeters
thick, they exerted an incredible pressure, like he was being
clamped by an enormous vise. Very much unable to spread his
arms out, he changed the orientation of his hands and intently
fought back with his elbows and the backs of his hands. But the
panels instantly imprisoned Haruyuki in a gap of about fifty centimeters before finally stopping.
Listening to the creaking of his own avatar, Haruyuki forced
himself to shake off his astonishment and think. There are no
traps in a Moonlight stage. So does that mean Dusk Taker has
some special attack I didn’t know about?! No, if that were it,

there would definitely have been some kind of motion or shout
when he activated it. And if he had this kind of powerful attack,
he would’ve used it the last time we fought. In which case—
The jet-black panels were not Nomi’s. And, of course, they
weren’t Lime Bell’s. Which meant there was someone else on this
battlefield.
No, impossible. There was no way anyone could ambush this
fight after they had postponed it so close to the start so many
times. His racing brain had reached this conclusion when he
sensed a ghostly presence and his conclusion was immediately
overturned.
The northern edge of the white schoolyard was sunken into
the black shadow created by the four-story school building. He
could see the tiny figure of Lime Bell still crouched against the
wall there. Wordlessly, Haruyuki and Takumu behind him stared
at the silent appearance of the fifth avatar far ahead of her, from
the very front edge of the school’s shadow.
Bizarre.
That was the only word to describe it. Haruyuki had never before seen a more bizarre-looking duel avatar in the Accelerated
World.
The entire body was made of thin panels lined up perpendicularly, almost as if someone had built up layer upon layer of square
sheets of paper to form the shapes of body parts. There was a gap
of about a centimeter between each panel, so that although a
clear silhouette was obvious from the side, from the front, the
avatar looked like nothing more than an arrangement of thin vertical lines. The dozens of panels were a lusterless black, as though
they had all been painted with ink.
But more than the avatar’s shape, the color had the larger impact on Haruyuki. The layered avatar was clearly and obviously a

perfect black. It had none of the hints of silver, like Chrome Disaster, or purple, like Dusk Taker, or the other blackish avatars he
had seen. This black was complete, absorbing all wavelengths of
light, rejecting all color.
“…Who are you…?” Haruyuki murmured hoarsely.
However, the avatar said nothing in reply, instead tilting its
square head and returning Haruyuki’s stare from behind several
openings. Instantly, the pressure from the panels pinching his
body increased. Silver Crow’s armor squealed in a deeply unpleasant way.
Here, Haruyuki finally noticed that the layered avatar had no
right arm. In its place, a hazy gray light shimmered around the
shoulder. He didn’t understand the logic behind it, but it was
clear from the color and shape that that right arm was made up of
the two panels currently confining him.
One other thing was also clear.
This black avatar was the ambush Nomi had prepared. The
ambush Haruyuki and Takumu had examined and carefully eliminated every single possibility of.
“…Why…? How…? There should have been no way to know the
time…” The groan from behind was Takumu, stunned.
Even at this, the layered avatar maintained its silence.

It was Dusk Taker, a few meters in front of Haruyuki, who began
chuckling instead.
Dropping from his fighting stance, the dusk-colored avatar
sneered once more. “Heh-heh! Honestly. You all do let me have
so much fun with you. I like it, this shocked look of yours. This is
a show I’d even pay to see. Which reminds me, didn’t you say
something earlier? That you’d learned you could never be too suspicious? Unfortunately, you don’t appear to have studied hard
enough, hmm? Hah-hah, ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
Laughter barking loudly, he threw both hands out. “And you’re
both about to lose all of your points, so there’s no real point in
doing anything for you now. Although, as a farewell gift, I suppose I could clear a few things up for you. I obviously couldn’t
predict the time you would pick, and this one over there wouldn’t
exactly wait months on this side for us to show up. Of course.”
He moved the talons of his right hand farther and tapped the
lens-shaped visor of his own head. “You already know that we
have brain implant chips. The BIC connects growth terminals to
the sensory area of the brain for a bioelectronic interface. Depending on the programming, it’s possible to reach the deepest
parts of the brain.”
“D-deepest parts?” Haruyuki murmured, and Nomi nodded
exaggeratedly.
“Yes. Naturally, it’s very dangerous. I myself haven’t gone that
far. But this person here, despite appearances, is relatively daring. The terminals stretch all the way to his brain’s mental clock
control area.”
Mental clock.
These words were the supertechnological foundation used to
realize the acceleration of Haruyuki and the other Burst Linkers.

The Brain Burst program accelerated thought by increasing the
user’s base clock, which was based on a standard of the user’s
heart rate, a thousand times within the brain. As long as you were
diving in the Normal Duel Field or in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, the amplification was fixed and could not be manipulated
in any way.
In other words, with Haruyuki’s and Takumu’s postponement
of the time of the final battle by more than an hour, nearly two
months of subjective time had passed in this world. Nomi didn’t
have any friends who would patiently wait all that time to help
him with an ambush. Or he shouldn’t have. And yet.
“I’ll say it again. He has been on a dive in this Unlimited Neutral Field since eight o’clock in the real world. However, he definitely hasn’t been sitting around waiting inside for a few months.
Do you understand? By inactivating the mental clock control area
of his brain with the BIC, he can stop the acceleration of his
thoughts at will. He is, you see, the sole deceleration user in the
Accelerated World!”
“…De…celeration…”
Haruyuki couldn’t tell if the voice came from his own throat or
if it was Takumu’s. He was speechless.
“…Really now.” A new voice at last reached his ears, the gentle
voice of an older boy, somehow seeming warm even through the
electronic effect peculiar to the duel avatar. It sounded a lot like
that of the young, bespectacled man who had been the only
teacher in Haruyuki’s elementary school days who he had ever
liked.
With Haruyuki restrained by the terrible pressure, the layered
avatar spoke in a soft voice, without a hint of tension. “Look,
Taker. I can’t help but think that all this chatting and running
about is what got you into a sudden-death situation in the first
place.”

“Ha-ha! I guess we differ in opinion there. It’s simply that you
think silence is a weapon, and I think eloquence is. Say, what do
you think? Their stunned faces? Don’t they look like our technological strength has already robbed them of the will to fight?”
“I don’t know about that. The little one there is really trying
for some reason. He’s hard, and I can’t crush him any further.”
“Oooh, that’s a metal color for you. Even a weak one.”
“Which is to say…” The layered avatar signaled the chuckling
Nomi with a finger on his left hand. “I’ve got my hands full holding him. It’d be a big help if you’d hurry up and take care of the
big kid behind him.”
“Understood, understood. I don’t intend to have you work for
any more than the remuneration I’ve already provided. Avatar
like that, I’ll be done in three minutes—no, thirty seconds.”
Nomi’s contemptuous words finally reignited the fire in
Haruyuki’s heart.
Avatar like that? You, who’s never won an honest fight
against Taku! You’re calling him an “avatar like that”?! Gritting
his teeth, Haruyuki let his eyes race momentarily over the panels
at his sides. This is no time to let these flimsy plates hold me forever. There’re two enemies and there’re two of us. I’ll leave Nomi
to Taku, and I’ll…take down this guy!
Haruyuki focused all his awareness, including these thoughts,
in one spot between his eyebrows. A metallic high frequency
came out of nowhere, and Silver Crow’s body began to shake. He
felt his consciousness connecting with the imagination circuits
hidden within the Brain Burst program.
For this entire time, that gray aura had been coiled about the
right shoulder of the layered avatar restraining Haruyuki. Niko
had said that a continuous light-emitting phenomenon, i.e., Over-

lay, was proof that the Incarnate System was being used. In other
words, these panels were the avatar’s Incarnate attack. In which
case, he would also fight, digging up every bit of strength he had.
Silver Crow’s sharp fingertips began to glow with a white light.
This soon moved up from his wrist to cover his arm to the elbow
in a thin layer of light. Haruyuki took a deep breath and shouted
the Incarnate attack name he had so recently come up with.
“Laser…Sword!!”
And then he crossed both arms and plunged the tip of his right
hand into the left panel and the tip of his left hand into the right.
With a high-pitched screech, the lengthening light swords
crashed into the jet-black panels, sending dazzling sparks flying.
The places where his swords had bitten in turned red hot immediately, as if bathed in the fire of a plasma arc. This glow spread
out over the surface of the thin panel in the blink of an eye and
shook them violently.
I’ll rip them apart!! he cried in his heart, and focused in on
that image. At that moment.
“Whoops. Now, this, this is an issue.” He heard the gentle
voice. Followed by, “Static Pressure.”
An attack name call.
Abruptly, the two panels rumbled.
Previously mere millimeters thick, the panels grew wider before his eyes. Five centimeters, then ten centimeters, until at
some point, they were more appropriately referred to as lumps
rather than panels. The two massive rectangular solids, black as if
they had been cut out of the night itself, engulfed Haruyuki in a
pressure far greater than what it had been.
“Hngh!” Groaning, he pushed his own will to the limits and

fought back with his light swords. But although he had been on
the verge of melting the squares, the instant they turned from
panels to lumps, the red-hot areas were halved.
The gray aura wafting around the shoulder of the layered
avatar grew denser. Haruyuki was more than sure now that this
attack wasn’t a system-regulated special attack but rather an Incarnate attack brought about by the enemy avatar’s image.
Through the conflict of their imagination output, Haruyuki felt
like he could touch what was unfolding within the layered avatar.
Darkness.
Not the starving emptiness that threatened to devour everything like Nomi’s Incarnate. What existed inside him rejected all
interference and had no energy; thus, it gave none and it took
none. No, it wasn’t even an active refusal. It was isolation. It was
an absolute alienation, a state that seemed impossible for a
human heart.
The instant he felt this, Haruyuki reflexively feared their two
wills touching. The light swords of his hands weakened momentarily and flickered. That was enough. The two impossibly heavy
and hard objects ate in at his shoulders, rendering him completely immobile.
“Hey, you.” Once again, he heard the voice of the layered
avatar. “As a favor, maybe you could stay quiet like that. I was
only hired to keep you from moving temporarily. I’m not interested in fighting you.”
What…So it’s all about you?! he shouted back sharply in his
heart, and his light swords surged back to life. But it took everything he had just to marginally ease the intense pressure of the
black lumps; he didn’t get anywhere close to pushing them away.
Totally bound and unable to move, Haruyuki watched the

other two duel avatars in the fight walking slowly toward each
other.
From the west: Dusk Taker, arms too long for his small
physique dangling at his sides.
From the east: Cyan Pile, the tip of his Pile Driver right arm
glittering sharply.
They stood in the middle of the white schoolyard and faced
each other. The crackle of impending battle abruptly flooded the
field, and the air grew thicker. Trembling with a prickly tension,
Haruyuki could not speak, nor even pray.
“Ooh,” Nomi said abruptly, flapping both hands at the wrists.
“It seems you came prepared in your own way. Well, maybe I’ll
get to have a little fun, then.”
He lifted both hands and brought his fingertips together in
front of his chest. The whine of vibration began to hum through
the air, and a fluctuating purple light jetted out into space. It was
Nomi’s Incarnate attack, what Haruyuki and Takumu called the
Nihilistic Fluctuation. Haruyuki thought he would quickly take to
the sky and attack with his long-distance flame power, but Nomi
apparently intended to fight on the ground, perhaps to show his
disdain for Cyan Pile.
“Does that technique have a name?” Takumu asked, sounding
relaxed.
“Haa!” Nomi responded with a laugh like a long sigh. “I do not
give names to my techniques! I’m told that, without a name, it
takes a moment longer to activate, but I’ll have no part of that
sort of gamer business! And, really…” He threw his arms out to
the sides. The pulsing light left hazy lines lingering in space. “Is
there any point in asking something like that? When you’re about
to lose Brain Burst?”

“Of course there is. I at least want to remember the opponent
for whom I performed last rites,” Takumu returned coolly, readying the Enhanced Armament of his right arm sideways across his
chest.
Haruyuki knew that under the guidance of Red King Niko,
Takumu had spent a week training his Incarnate. However, he
hadn’t gone so far as to ask what kind of attack it was or if it had
even reached the level where it could be used in a real fight.
Pinched between the two lumps, Haruyuki’s avatar squealed, but
that couldn’t stop him from staring intently at Takumu.
Cyan Pile lifted his left arm and moved in a way Haruyuki
could not have predicted. With the five fingers of his left hand, he
tightly clasped the sharp tip of the stake peeking out of his Enhanced Armament.
Taku, what the—?! Haruyuki opened his eyes wide.
That spike—Takumu’s wounded psyche—was born from the
memories of the cruel bullying he had been subjected to at his
kendo lessons when he was in elementary school. It was the
wooden shinai that had been stabbed at his own throat time after
time after time, and also a lethal weapon to stab the throats of
those who had tortured him.
Why would he grab the tip of it himself?
Takumu answered Haruyuki’s question with action.
“Cyan Blade!!”
Ga-shk! After an attack call like thunder, the spike was
ejected. Haruyuki half expected the tip to blow Takumu’s hand
away, but what broke into pieces and flew off was the launcher,
the Pile Driver of his right arm itself. Still gripped in his left hand,
the spike became a pale light and remained after the Driver was
gone. Takumu drew it above his head in a large half circle, and

then slapped his liberated right hand into that rod of light before
bringing it down with a snap in front of him.
The light scattered, and appearing from within it was a closerange cutting weapon with a firm and elegant construction.
A sword.
A meter and a half long, the single edge of the katana was a
perfect straight sword, with a lone deep blue line running along
the peak side. The blade was colored a light blue, and the entire
thing was enveloped in a faint phosphorescence of the same
shade.
With this beautiful weapon readied before him, Cyan Pile became, in line with the color of his armor, nothing other than a
complete close-range duel avatar. So complete, he was more
swordsman than avatar.
…Taku, Haruyuki whispered in a voice that was not a voice.
Perhaps hearing his thought, Takumu looked at him momentarily and nodded. Facing forward once again, he slid his right
foot forward. With this motion, the move of a skilled kendo
player, he readied his sword below chest level. From his feet, an
even more intense air of battle-readiness surged up from his feet,
shaking the aura surrounding Nomi’s hands.
“I see,” Nomi murmured. He sounded unfazed as he took in
this new development, and his contemptuous laugh soon followed. “Heh-heh, I see now. You were really torn up at losing the
match to me after all, hmm? So you materialized this shoddy little
sword. But, well, if it’s a sword fight you want, I suppose it can’t
be helped. I’ll play along with you for a little while.”
And then Nomi also grabbed at something with both hands
and snapped into the standard chudan midlevel ready-posture.

Haruyuki watched, half understanding, half stunned, as the
purple fluctuation slithered out and took on the form of a long
sword. Nomi had changed the fluctuation’s previous long talon
shape. Haruyuki supposed if your Incarnate was a close-range
weapon, you could change it into a variety of forms, depending on
the image.
Although outwardly, they were duel avatars, it was two
swordsmen who faced each other, in exactly the same ready positions they had taken in the final match of the kendo team tournament the previous week. Here, however, there was no judge.
There was also no defensive gear. And at stake were their lives as
Burst Linkers.
The tips of both players’ toes slid forward, and they began to
close the distance between them. Midway between the tips of
their two swords, white sparks actually bounced thinly and
burned the air. The battle had already started. Takumu and Nomi
were fighting each other in a war to overwrite the world with the
stronger imagination.
Taku, believe in yourself!! Haruyuki shouted in his heart.
“Sehyaaaaa!!”
“Sheeeeeh!!”
The two kiai battle cries rang out in the moonlit night of the
battlefield, and both avatars kicked at the ground at the same
time. Tracing out vivid blue and purple trajectories, the two
swords slammed into each other.
Skreeeenk! The sound of the impact was fierce. Takumu’s will,
materialized as the cutting power that was the essential nature of
the sword, bounced back from Nomi’s will, which tried to erase
all things. The two swords violently repelled each other and their
owners swung them downward simultaneously. Once again,
thunder and sparks. And then again.

Here, the two avatars put some distance between them and
faced each other once more in the chudan stance.
A teasing voice slipped out from beneath Dusk Taker’s mask.
“My goodness, this is a surprise. For a hasty stopgap, you do
fairly well with it, hmm?”
“Naturally. In a fair kendo match, I am stronger than you,
after all.”
Nomi greeted Takumu’s retort with a throaty laugh. “I wonder
about that, Mayuzumi. Do you think I hadn’t noticed? No matter
how you try to hide it, it’s blindingly obvious! You…have a fatal
weakness!”
As he shouted, Nomi stepped sharply in. The sword he gripped
with both hands stretched out even farther. Adding his own
thrust to the extended blade, Dusk Taker released a savage lunge
at Cyan Pile’s throat. “Sheeeeeh!!”
Takumu’s arms sprang up in a convulsion to protect his throat
with the blade of the blue sword. But in that instant, Nomi’s
sword bent like a fencing foil and the lunge changed its aim.
Vzzzm! The tip of the purple sword cut into Cyan Pile’s defenseless right arm with an earsplitting noise. Nomi followed
through, pushing the sword ahead of him. As if chasing him, a
single line of pale sparks arced out from Takumu’s wound.
“Hngh!” Groaning, Takumu immediately pulled himself back
up and went after Nomi. Kote, kote, men: He threw a succession
of barely visible blows at Nomi’s forearms and mask. But the purple sword writhed like a living creature to repel each attack.
“Come now, shouldn’t you be protecting your neck?” Once
again, Nomi thrust his howling blade forward. Taking advantage
of the very tiny window when Takumu stiffened, this time, the
sword ripped into his left side.

Come on, Taku!! Haruyuki cried in his heart as he resisted the
black vise with all his might.
Takumu’s psychic wound. The memory of the bullying he had
endured in his kendo class when he was in elementary school. It
had been humiliating to have his arms pinned down, to be used
as a practice dummy for lunges, but more than humiliating, it had
been incredibly terrifying.
But Takumu didn’t quit kendo. He said it was because he
didn’t even have the willpower to quit, but that couldn’t have
been it. He was able to keep going because he loved kendo. His
love was greater than his fear. That feeling…
Believe in it, Taku!!
There was no way he could hear Haruyuki. But Takumu
righted himself as he started to stagger and yanked upward the
sword in both hands. Past the chudan position, past the height of
his neck, far above his head. An aura bluer than the moonlight
enveloped the sword—held ready in something beyond the high
jodan position—along with Cyan Pile’s arms, up to his shoulders.
Nomi glared down at Takumu, taking in this fixed position,
the Overlay of his will shimmering. “Quite the transparent bluff,
isn’t it? Oh, all right, if you’re that interested in having a giant
hole cut out of your windpipe…” Purplish-black light cascaded
from Nomi’s sword and arms. “I’ll pierce it right through for you,
just as you wish!”
Dusk Taker’s charge was so fast that Haruyuki’s eyes almost
lost him. Moving ahead in a blur, he launched a savage lunge
squarely at Takumu’s throat. No feints this time.
Takumu didn’t dodge or guard. Instead, he stepped forward.
The approaching sword tip, and the force of the special attack latent within it, hit him hard in his thick left shoulder, gouging a
deep hole from his armor. Narrow trails of pale sparks gushed

out.
“Ngh!” A quiet voice slipped out from under the mask, withstanding the pain. But this was immediately followed by a kiai
battle cry that shook the air.
“Hnnyaaaaah!!” He swung the Cyan Blade straight down.
Nomi’s reaction was, of course, to jump to the right, but, unable to avoid the blow, he took the sword tip on the left side of his
chest. Although the cut was fairly shallow, reddish-purple sparks
still bounced and dazzled.
“Tch!” Nomi clicked his tongue as he tried to put some distance between them, and Takumu rained another blow down on
him. The purple sword barely intercepted the blue blade just as it
was about to make contact with Nomi’s mask.
The two moved, swords locked, pushing against each other.
Sparks jetted from where their blades met, brightly illuminating
their masks.
The equilibrium was momentary. Cyan Pile had the larger
physique and greater physical strength, and he pushed his blade
harder and harder. The outcome was not dependent on the Incarnate System. This was a simple power imbalance between a closerange type and one who mixed both close and long.
Finally, Dusk Taker’s knee crunched into the ground. His
blade slipped, and Takumu’s Cyan Blade drew in on Nomi’s left
shoulder. Thin cracks caused by the enormous pressure raced
through the white tiles covering the schoolyard. The two masks
were so close, they were practically touching.
Abruptly, a certain foreboding shivered through the back of
Haruyuki’s brain.
Taku! Run!

An instant before he could shout these words, Nomi cried
sharply, “Demonic Commandeer!!”
Zrrt! A concentrated darkness came swirling from Dusk
Taker’s lens-shaped visor, hit Cyan Pile’s mask, and penetrated it,
shuddering almost like some kind of animal. The blue avatar
reeled and stopped.
Demonic Commandeer.
The sole fixed special attack Dusk Taker had. Using up the entire gauge when activated, the effect was to steal one of the target
duel avatar’s abilities, special attacks, or Enhanced Armament.
Nomi let the battle unfold into a close-range fight without using
the wings as a trap.
Cyan Pile didn’t have any systematic abilities. And of his three
special attacks, two of them basically came entirely from the Enhanced Armament. Which meant if he got hit with Demonic
Commandeer, there was a 75 percent chance that the Pile Driver
would be taken. If that happened, the Cyan Blade, the transformation of the spike through his will, would disappear.
The instant of stillness that blanketed the field felt like an eternity to Haruyuki.
The darkness that should have flowed back out from Cyan
Pile’s mask and returned to Dusk Taker—
Didn’t.
Instead…
“Aaaaah!” With a roar, Takumu brought the sword he gripped
with both hands down in a straight line.
Nomi’s left arm was severed below the shoulder, and the undulating purple light scattered into the night. The avatar was

thrown to the ground, bounced violently, and tumbled nearly ten
meters backward.
Of course, he was quick to get back on his feet and ready his
sword of nothingness with his right hand alone. However, in perhaps a sign that he was shaken, the tip of that blade shook very
slightly.
“You’re too greedy,” Cyan Pile said, brilliantly shining blue
sword readied straight ahead of him. “Way, way too greedy.”
Haruyuki didn’t get what he meant right away. Takumu probably wasn’t intending to explain himself, though, as he continued
quietly.
“I’ve always thought it was weird. That you didn’t take Lime
Bell’s healing ability, I mean. If you had, armed with flight, firepower, and healing, you’d have been the end all and be all, beyond even the kings. But you didn’t because…” His eyes glittered
keenly beneath the slits as he declared, “Insufficient capacity. A
special attack as ridiculously powerful as stealing other people’s
abilities, there’s no way it wouldn’t be restricted somehow.
There’s an upper limit to the total abilities, the total potential you
can steal and keep with your Demonic Commandeer. Which is
why you wouldn’t have enough room to steal both of the superrare abilities of flight and healing, even if you deleted all your
other powers. Isn’t that right?”
Dusk Taker pressed his right hand over the cross-section of his
severed left arm and remained silent. He was no doubt suffering
fierce pain, double what players felt in the Normal Duel Field.
Was he unable to move? Or maybe he was so angry, he had forgotten the pain?
Takumu carefully readied his sword and slowly closed the distance between them. His quiet voice once again flowed across the
field.

“The person who guided me in the Incarnate said the majority
of Cyan Pile’s potential is taken up by this Pile Driver. I’m sure
you figured you had enough empty space right now to be able to
take something like my Enhanced Armament. Unfortunately for
you, you figured wrong.”
“Heh-heh-heh, I see now.” Dusk Taker finally uttered his usual
contemptuous laugh, but perhaps reflecting his feelings, his voice
was tinged with a dark, distorted effect. “I see. I know I said this
before, but that flimsy stick of yours must have been made with
some quite painful memories, hmm? A metaphor for the shinai
maybe? Did something bad happen to you on the kendo team,
hmm? Perhaps you, so cool and handsome, were subjected to
ugly bullying? Ha-ha! Ridiculous! You’re not the little pig over
there or something!!”
Taku, this chatter’s a trap! Don’t listen to him! Haruyuki cried
soundlessly, fighting desperately against the black vise mercilessly crushing him.
Perhaps because of Takumu’s own surging anger, the light
housed in his blade wavered slightly. But he quickly regained
control and replied calmly, “My memories are really no big deal.
Nothing compared to the wounds you produced that avatar with.
You’re a marauder because there’s nothing left inside of you. Because you’ve had everything taken from you, and you’re nothing
but an empty hole. You must’ve realized it by now. You can steal
other people’s powers—no, other people’s hope, their friendship,
their love, but those things will never truly be yours, not in any
real sense.”
Silence once again.
Bathed in the blue moonlight, the avatar the color of darkness
hung his head. Finally, he staggered to his feet feebly. Still clutching his left shoulder, he slowly brought his face up. His whole
body trembled and shivered violently.

“Fu-hu-hu.” A choked laugh slipped out from the spherical
visor. “Hu-hu, heh-heh-heh…Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha…A-ha-ha-ha-haha-ha-ha!!”
Tossing his head back, Dusk Taker laughed loudly and
heartily. “A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!! Nothing?! Empty?! Ha-ha-ha!
That’s…Well, that’s him!!”
He laughed again for a moment before he started talking, the
words bursting out of him. “You two are so clever, you must have
had it figured out from the yearbook. My ‘guardian’ is my own
brother, three years older than me. He’s the real marauder. With
his huge body and his violence, he took my candy and toys when I
was little, and then when I got a little older, he took my allowance
and my New Year’s money. In the end, he even took the girl who
was my only friend. He really was the perfect marauder. Hehheh-heh.”
He shook his head two, three times, laughing in a sort of
amazement. The gloomy monologue continued.
“The first thing he ever gave me was, of course, Brain Burst.
Foolishly, I was delighted, even moved. Because no sooner had
the first lecture ended than he was telling me to come and pay
him ten points every week. I was so disappointed. But if I refused,
he’d have really let me have it in the real world. I went afar to depopulated areas and dueled desperately, honestly collecting the
points to pay to my brother. Like a dog. Oh, and in the process, he
stole from me the last thing I had. My pride as a human being.”
No. I don’t want to hear this. Haruyuki held his breath and
tried to shut out the pain he felt just listening to Nomi, almost as
if his words themselves were some kind of attack. I don’t want to
hear this story. I actually don’t need to hear it.
Taku, just hit him with the finishing blow. End this. We don’t
have to sit here and listen to this story. How are we even supposed to know if it’s true or not? I mean, it has to be a lie. It’s a

strategy to shake us up.
However, Haruyuki couldn’t stop the certain knowledge that
what Nomi was saying was true—and that Takumu couldn’t cut
into him like this.
Dusk Taker turned toward Cyan Pile, who had stopped moving, and continued talking. “But, you see, even stuck as I was, I
saved points for myself bit by bit and leveled up. And then one
day, this avatar, which had had no real power, came to have its
first special attack. And that was Demonic Commandeer. During
that same period, I obtained two significant powers: the BIC and
knowledge of the Incarnate System. The Incarnate training was
quite difficult. My guide told me over and over that I was wasting
my time. But I endured it, my hatred of my brother feeding me.
And then, yes, the moment finally came. The moment when I
took back everything he—my brother—had ever taken from me.”
Keh-heh-heh-heh. The laugh and its resentful echo fell in
drops in the field.
“I called my brother to the Unlimited Neutral Field and first
took his abilities. Once that was done—he was so surprised—I tortured him to death with my Incarnate power. His HP slipped
away a little too readily, so the second time I got more creative.
Each time he was revived after an hour, my method of killing him
got better. I can’t begin to put into words the feelings and pleasure of that time! Eventually, his points were exhausted, and
when he came at me weeping and wailing, about to lose Brain
Burst after one more death…Just remembering it even now, the
laughter…hm-hm, heh-heh-heh, a-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!”
He clutched his stomach and laughed briefly before jerking his
head up. “Nothing?! Empty?!” he shouted. “That, you see, isn’t
me; that’s him now!! A former acceleration user, bereft of Brain
Burst. There’s nothing more pathetic and miserable! I’m not like
him…I have everything. In the Accelerated World and in the real
world. And this illusion of friendship and bonds you all believe

in…” The eyes beneath his visor glinted sharply. “I’ll take that
from you, too, and leave nothing behind!!”
Nomi made a flourish with his right hand. From the stump of
his shoulder where his arm had been cut off, black snakes shot
out ferociously fast. Three tentacles, the Enhanced Armament he
had equipped during his first fight with Haruyuki. He had secretly given the “equip” command and then waited for it to regenerate.
The ever-extending tentacles did not roar in assault at
Takumu standing in front of Nomi. Nor did they lash out at Silver
Crow, pinned in the vise.
They reached for Chiyuri—Lime Bell, silent this whole time,
quietly sunk into the shadows of the distant school building.
“Wha…” Takumu couldn’t stop the short, stunned cry from
slipping out, but he was, of course, quick to brandish his sword to
cut the tentacles.
But a second before he could, the tentacles, snapping back like
rubber, pushed under the blade of the avatar the color of fresh
leaves they held captive.
His entire body squealing at the strain, Cyan Pile stopped his
slashing attack. The tip of his blade just barely touched the brim
of Lime Bell’s pointed hat, sending a trail of sparks flying.
The three tentacles immediately coiled themselves around
Chiyuri and squeezed cruelly.
“Ngh!” The slender avatar threw her head back, the groan of
pain slipping from between her teeth joined by Nomi’s stifled
laughter.
“Heh-heh-heh-heh. Did you think I only called her here for
her healing capacity? Ridiculous! I’ve long been aware that Lime

Bell is your Achilles’ heel. You have to effectively use anything
you can use…That’s the secret to the duel!”
“…You. Bastard…,” Takumu snarled, tip of his sword shaking,
as Chiyuri tried to say something to him. However, several layers
of tentacle immediately coiled over her mouth and kept her
silent.
“Now then, please throw your sword down and remove that
Enhanced Armament,” Nomi coolly instructed.
“Lime Bell isn’t part of the sudden-death duel,” Takumu countered in a voice like a creak. “She’s no good as a hostage.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Head cocked.
Dusk Taker casually grabbed Lime Bell near her right elbow,
his right hand dripping with purple fluctuation.
Skrrk. An extremely, extremely unpleasant sound echoed in
the air. The sound of the yellow-green arm being torn off at the
elbow.
“Hnnngh!!” Lime Bell’s entire body convulsed and a soundless
scream surged out of her. She threw her head back two, three
times as far as it would go. Each time, an ocean of green sparks
spurt forth from the stump.
Haruyuki’s vision was dyed a sudden red. An overwhelming
rage swept through him, and in a trance, he struggled to break
free. However, the black vise didn’t budge, almost as if sneering
at his anger. In fact, the instant the light sword output he had
been using to resist the pressure was disturbed by his anger, the
vise pressed even more fiercely down on his shoulders.
“You…bastaaaaaaard!!” It was Takumu who yelled instead.
The large avatar took a step forward when something hit his chest
with a clang. Lime Bell’s torn-off arm. It bounced back and broke

into countless polygon fragments in midair before disappearing.
“Do you understand, Mayuzumi? This is her first time diving
into the Unlimited Neutral Field. This world where the sensation
of pain is twice that of the lower field.”
Takumu didn’t need to be told. At that moment, Chiyuri was
no doubt feeling pain equivalent to having her flesh-and-blood
arm ripped off in the real world. Perhaps because of the severity
of the shock, the thin avatar continued to ripple with tiny convulsions.
Cyan Pile was frozen in place, and before him, Nomi lifted his
right hand once again. “And by doing this, I also increase her special-attack gauge so she can heal me.”
He thrust the tip of his sharp index finger into Chiyuri’s side.
Thrk.
The green avatar recoiled fiercely. Even through the layers of
tentacle coiled around her, they could clearly hear a thin scream.
When Nomi pulled his finger out, a thin stream of sparks erupted
from the cruel wound.
Thrk. One more time. And again.
“Stop!!” Takumu shouted in a cracking voice, immediately before Nomi could dig out a fourth hole. His entire body was shaking. The extra light wrapped around Takumu’s sword and arms
flickered irregularly, like a poorly connected lightbulb.
No, Taku, Haruyuki wanted to shout. But he could say nothing. He knew too well that Takumu—and if it had been him, he,
too—had no other choice.
“…Please, just stop…” Cyan Pile groaned. The Cyan Blade fell
from his hands and clattered to the ground.

Immediately, it turned to light and melted away. The luminescence flowed through space, was sucked into Cyan Pile’s right
arm, and turned back into the original stake.
When Takumu whispered the “unequip” command, the Enhanced Armament also disappeared. Once he saw this, Dusk
Taker waved his left arm extravagantly and left Chiyuri somewhere off on the edge of the field. He didn’t even glance at Lime
Bell, who huddled into herself against the pain.
The dark avatar charged at Cyan Pile and buried the talons of
his right hand into the sturdy stomach. A wet noise joined the
black arm as it broke out through his back. Leaving a torrent of
pale sparks, Nomi yanked his arm back out.
Takumu staggered and dropped heavily to his knees before
ceasing to move, head hanging.
“It’s because you believe in the lie of ‘bonds.’” Nomi’s voice
was quiet, almost as if he really were feeling pity. “Or rather, it’s
because you act like you believe this, that you will lose. If you really trusted each other, you would have cut through her and right
into me. Isn’t that right?”
No…no, no!!
Haruyuki struggled, crazed. Sparks flew from the joints of his
arms as he fought to free himself from the vise and save Takumu.
Resisting with all his might, he howled in a voice that was not a
voice.
What do you know?! There’s no way you could understand
how strongly Takumu feels about Chiyuri!! If he had cut Chiyuri
with you there, that wouldn’t be trust, just calculation!!
But the black lumps at his sides indifferently applied more
pressure, as if trying to crush even his anger.

Why can’t I move?! Why can’t I even scream?! I have to move
now; what has this all been for—
“Sorry, boy.” He heard a muted whisper from behind. The layered avatar, who had been silent all this time. “This attack stops
you from talking as well as moving. So you can’t say anything and
you can’t use voice commands. I’d like to at least let you say a few
words of farewell to your friend there…Sorry.”
At these words, which sounded sincerely apologetic,
Haruyuki’s anger flamed even higher and swept through his
avatar.
Thmp. His back ached. Thmp. Thmp.
A throbbing like lightning pulsed in regular intervals between
his shoulder blades. He felt like he could hear a voice. But, perhaps obstructed by the vise, it couldn’t reach all the way into
Haruyuki’s awareness.
If he couldn’t talk, then he could only fight back with his will—
his Laser Sword—but the pulsing anger prevented him from concentrating.
In the schoolyard, Dusk Taker had just raised his right hand at
Cyan Pile, who was on his knees. The Nihilistic Fluctuation once
again transformed into a thin sword. He sliced it through the air
twice with a whoosh.
With a leaden sound, Cyan Pile’s arms were severed at the
base and fell to the ground. Bundles of lightning cascaded from
his shoulders.
Haruyuki could hear his voice.
Haru, I’m sorry.
I can’t fight anymore. I’m really sorry…

The tears welling up beneath Haruyuki’s silver mask blurred
his vision. In the distorted screen, he watched Dusk Taker raise
his sword high to bring down the final blow.
Here.
It ends here? This is my…This is Takumu’s Brain Burst ending?
This thought crystallized in his heart like a single droplet at
absolute zero, and the flames of his rage turned to frost and scattered. His limbs went cold. The light of his hands burned up and
disappeared. All the sensations of his body receded. The sign of
avatar shutdown he had experienced so many times.
Oh, so that’s it? Zero fill. And this is a thing the Incarnate
System makes happen, too. Negative imagination puts out the
flames of your heart and turns your avatar into a cold lump.
What does it matter figuring that out now?
No, wait.
If zero fill is the negative will that all Burst Linkers can use,
then the opposite must be true, too. Moving an avatar who can’t
move with positive imagination. Like, say, even when he’s stuck
in a vise with absolute strength. Like when, battered and broken, he stood up again next to the bed of black thorns she was
sleeping in.
A small flame sprang to life in Haruyuki’s chest with a pop.
But not the black flame of rage he had felt toward Nomi so many
times now. Something better called determination. It was the
pure power of heart he had learned from Kuroyukihime, and
Niko, and Blood Leopard, and Sky Raker.
The meager heat began to melt the ice binding his body. The
connection to his four limbs came back to life. From the thin

seams and joints of Silver Crow’s mirrored armor came abruptly a
blue luminescence akin to a high-temperature flame—Overlay.
However, unaware even of this, Haruyuki placed the palms of
his hands flat against the vise on either side.
“Ngh…” A low moan slipped from his throat. Mustering every
ounce of strength, he tried to open the gap. His avatar creaked
and squealed, and an intense pain assaulted his elbows and
shoulders. He heard a succession of high-pitched metallic pops,
the sound of thin cracks racing up the armor of his arms. Blue
light shone through those thin lines as well.
“Hng…Ah…Ah!” Clusters of pure pain exploded throughout his
nervous system, and his consciousness was colored white. However, Haruyuki didn’t stop putting all his strength into his arms.
His crumbling armor peeled off and scattered around his feet,
and the blue aura wrapped around his slightly exposed dark gray
body like a flame.
The black lumps of absolute hardness and pressure, however,
didn’t so much as shudder. But Haruyuki believed.
Not in his own power.
He believed that the power of the people who had supported
and guided him this far could not bend to the power of someone
who believed that the Accelerated World was nothing more than
a tool.
“Ah…Ah! Aaaaah!!” With his howl, every bit of armor on his
upper body other than his helmet crumbled and blew away.
Blue flashes condensed, exploded, and colored the world.
Haruyuki felt it, just barely, for a mere instant: the constraint
of the black vise weakening.

He kicked at the ground with everything he had. He scraped
his shoulders on the walls and his HP gauge turned to sparks and
scattered. He put all his energy into running the distance of a single step that might as well be infinite, and finally, Haruyuki
slipped out of the restraint.
He fell to the ground. After a single somersault, he was back
on his feet. Still running hard, he pulled in his right hand. Concentrated his will. Roared.
“Unh…Naaaaaaah!!”
The arm about to cut off Cyan Pile’s head stopped, and with an
air of surprise, Dusk Taker turned. Haruyuki mustered what
mental strength remained to him and launched his Laser Sword.
Schwiiing! The tip of the light blade reached through space
more than five meters and severed in half two of the three tentacles of Nomi’s left hand.

That was all he could manage. The strength drained from his
body, his feet tangled together, and Haruyuki fell facedown onto
the ground.
Perhaps because he had mustered such a strong image, his
consciousness flickered and registered Nomi’s voice from a distance.
“Goodness! Please don’t scare me like that, Arita.” He paused
briefly. “Aren’t you lying down on the job a bit, letting your prey
escape from your vise?”
“Unthinkable, really,” the layered avatar responded, also far
away. “I was at full power. I really have to hand it to this little
guy: He’s quite the trooper. That said, it seems he’s about finished.”
Haruyuki stared hollowly as the thin panels rose up around
him once more. Shifting his gaze, in the center of his upsidedown world, he could see Dusk Taker brandishing his purple
sword to at last strike the final blow against Takumu. He could no
longer think. His mental powers were so exhausted, he couldn’t
even feel despair.
“Well, then…farewell, Cyan Pile.”
The nihilistic blade slid through space.
The afterimages of several half circles lingering in the air, the
blade slid toward the nape of the blue avatar’s neck—
Haruyuki closed his eyes, and just as he was on the verge of
cutting loose of his consciousness.
Klink.
A crisp sound.

Nomi’s blade, about to touch Takumu’s neck, was severed at
the base and melted into nothingness.
Incarnate can’t be cut without another Incarnate attack.
It wasn’t Haruyuki. And there was no reason for the layered
avatar holding him to interfere with Nomi. Which meant another
new Burst Linker on the battlefield.
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide and lifted his head as if guided
by something to stare up into the night sky before him.
The magnificent palace was a dim white. On top of the spire in
the center that had originally been the stairs at Umesato Junior
High was a silhouette shouldering the enormous blue full moon.
A mounted figure.
The sturdy black horse’s mane fluttered in the wind, eyes glittering white, and four hooves enveloped in blue flames. A slim
rider straddled its back neatly.
Black crystal armor sleekly reflecting the light of the moon.
Sharp V-shaped mask. Black lotus skirt encircling a slender body.
Both arms long, razor-edge swords. The legs also swords. A sage
brilliance that seemed to cut through even the moonlight pouring
down.
“…Aah.”
A quiet voice, almost a sigh, spilled from Haruyuki’s mouth.
And again. “Aaaah…” He felt like if he said anything more, the
rider and mount would turn into a hallucination and disappear.
But the rider nodded slightly, as if hearing his whispers as he
lay on his side off in the distance, and lightly spurred the mount
on with her right foot.

The horse raised its front legs high into the air, and then
clapped its hooves down. Neighing fiercely, blue flames erupting
from its nostrils, it began to run through the air. The duel avatars
on the ground watched soundlessly while the mount and rider arrived at a point directly above the schoolyard, carving out a pale
arc in the night sky.
Here, the rider made her body dance lightly. She opened up
the long swords of her hands and approached the ground, almost
sliding. Right before she landed, she kicked her legs out, straight
down. With a ringing echo, the avatar dropped to the white
ground on the tip of her right sword leg.
The black horse in the sky finished the arc and disappeared, as
if melting, as soon as it started to dash off into the southwestern
sky.
After seeing it off, the jet-black avatar was quick to look
straight at Haruyuki, to whom she nodded again. She turned to
the raised face of Cyan Pile before her eyes shifted to the distant
layered avatar and the still-fallen Lime Bell in turn. Finally, the
avatar stared at Dusk Taker. Violet-blue eyes glittered visibly beneath the mirrored mask.
“…Im…possible.” Nomi’s rasping voice. “Impossible. Why…
How are you…Why are you here?”
The same stunned question was living inside Haruyuki. But
much greater than that was the overwhelming emotion that filled
and overfilled his heart, and he could say nothing. Still on the
ground, he could only stare raptly at the beautiful black crystal
duel avatar.
Nomi groaned once more. “Impossible. Did you come back
from Okinawa by yourself for this battle alone? No, even if you
had, you couldn’t have made it in time. This can’t be…Why—How
are you here?! Black King…Black Lotus!!”

Yes, the jet-black avatar could have been none other than
Black Lotus, the Black King, occupying one of the seats of the
Seven Kings of Pure Color, leader of the Nega Nebulus Legion.
However, her real-world self, Kuroyukihime, vice president of
the student council and ninth-grade student at Umesato Junior
High, was currently supposed to be on a school trip in Okinawa.
And Haruyuki and Takumu had only decided on the time for this
final battle a little more than an hour earlier in real-world time.
Assuming she had managed to find out about it somehow, she
wouldn’t have been able to get back to Tokyo from Okinawa.
Nomi’s howling showering her, Kuroyukihime shook her mask
coolly and spoke for the first time. “You’re Dusk Taker? You seem
quite proud of your ingenuity. But you’re still soft. There are
countless ways of fighting in the Accelerated World, ways you
haven’t even dreamed of.”
Even as her voice was silky smooth, her words had a razorsharp edge to them and cut through the virtual space. Nomi
inched a half step backward.
“I haven’t come back to Tokyo; there’s no need for that. Let me
remind you of the basic rules of Brain Burst. In the Normal Duel
Field, there is a time limit of eighteen hundred seconds and
movement restrictions due to the area boundaries. However, in
the Unlimited Neutral Field, there is neither. Which is why it’s
unlimited. Understand?” Brandishing the sword of her right
hand, Kuroyukihime declared crisply, “In this world, Okinawa
and Tokyo are connected! Hmm, seems you finally get it. That’s
right. I dove into this field in Okinawa and ran to Tokyo. Although I did have to tame that divine-level Enemy earlier. And it
took about fifteen hours to get here. Still, in the real world, it
didn’t even take a single minute.”
“…Wh-what…” Nomi gasped in amazement, and Haruyuki felt
the shock run through his own body as well.

He had visited the Unlimited Neutral Field many times before,
and had in fact wondered more than once just how far this world
spread out. But it was just an idle thought; he had never even
considered trying to check. But the answer turned out to be quite
simple: As far as the social network cameras ran, so too the
medium for the Accelerated World reached. Put another way, the
whole of Japan, from Hokkaido in the north to Okinawa in the
south.
But who on earth would think to cross this expansive world all
alone? This was no safe, touristy VR world. It was a place of death
filled with swaggering Enemies so large they could easily kick
around several dozen Burst Linkers.
Except for this one person here.
“Kuro…yuki…hime,” Haruyuki whispered. Beneath his cracked
mask, hot tears welled up and spilled over.
She turned her eyes once more to Haruyuki, and for the first
time, he felt the hint of a smile from her. However, she soon
checked that and shifted her gaze to the layered avatar, the owner
of the vise restraining Silver Crow.
Ting! came a sharp metallic sound as pale sparks lit up the
darkness.
When the black panels holding him disappeared, Haruyuki
was slow to grasp what had happened.
Not moving her avatar in the slightest, Kuroyukihime had
launched a long-distance attack using Incarnate, with just the
faint light housed in her right arm. The layered avatar had met
this with his own Incarnate. Thus, the image of the vise imprisoning Haruyuki had been released and the prison had disappeared.
Ting! Tinnng! Light bounded through the sky three more
times. The phenomenon was visually modest, but the attacks

crashing into each other made their immensity known, and
Haruyuki felt the field itself beneath him shake violently.
The force was such that it made it hard to breathe, and he was
not surprised at all that Kuroyukihime, a king, could use an Incarnate Attack. After all, Niko, who was also level nine but had
had a considerably shorter career, was able to demonstrate an attack of awe-inspiring power. But the power of the layered avatar
fighting her attack head-on was also bottomless.
“Your name?” Black Lotus asked briefly when she paused in
her attack, as if the exchange of volleys just finishing up were a
formal greeting.
Twenty or so meters away, the layered avatar inclined the thin
panels of his head hesitatingly. The same gentle voice, a dead
ringer for the young teacher’s, flowed out. “Giving my name here
would really be pointless. But a king such as yourself has come all
this way to be with us. I suppose it would be rude to not at least
introduce myself.”
There was a whistling sound as several black panels rose up
from the avatar’s feet and arranged themselves into his right arm,
which had been missing until then. There was no mistake: They
were the vise that had been restraining Haruyuki all this time.
The avatar brought this right arm to his chest and bent at the
waist to bow. His voice rang out again. “I’m the vice president of
the group the Acceleration Research Society…My name is Black
Vise. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
From possibly the moment Haruyuki had seen the armor, he
had had a faint premonition. But actually hearing the name, he
still couldn’t help feeling an enormous blow.
Black. The pure color black.
The color he had been convinced crowned only Black Lotus

herself. In fact, up to that point, Haruyuki had never once heard
of any doubling of the color names given to any of the Burst Linkers in the Accelerated World.
In contrast with Haruyuki and his stunned eyes opened wide,
Kuroyukihime herself didn’t seem the slightest bit ruffled. She
simply sighed lightly. “Hmph, not a Legion but a ‘group,’ hmm?
Quite elaborate, no?”
“Apologies. Society policy.”
“Obviously, I’m no fan of the name. And I do need to thank
you for inflicting such severe pain on my Legion member.
Twofold, naturally.” Her bluish-purple eyes emitted a dangerous
light. An aura the same color took up residence in the swords of
both hands.
In response, the layered avatar—Black Vise—spread his hands
in a gesture that showed no hint of tension. “Well, this is a problem. The one who injured your friend for the most part was not
me but Taker. Although, well, I suppose I’m in no position to ask
you to let it go.”
A pale black aura came to life in one of his slowly lowered
arms, followed by several panels being soundlessly released, to
sink as if sliding into the shadows at his feet.
“Kuro…”
Watch out! Haruyuki started to shout. However, by that time,
two panels had already flown up from Kuroyukihime’s feet and
snapped up around her so quickly he could barely see them.
Clang! The panels crashed into her arms. The thin sheets immediately increased in volume, transforming into enormous
lumps. It was Black Vise’s Incarnate Attack, Static Pressure. Having himself been mercilessly subjected to the terrifying assault,
which completely prevented any movement or speech on the part

of the captured avatar, Haruyuki forgot the pain coursing through
his own body and tried to shout again. But before he could—
Clink! A crisp echo through the field.
Blue lines traversed the two jet-black lumps.
Haruyuki stared in amazement as the lumps slid to the sides
from the center and fell heavily to the ground. Kuroyukihime, appearing from inside with her arms out slightly, said, as if nothing
had happened, “Unfortunately, physical restraint does not work
on me.”
The severed cuboids turned back into panels and sank into the
ground. This time, the sword of Kuroyukihime’s right arm emitted a red flame with a roar.
“Vorpal Strike!!” Coldly uttering the attack name, she
launched an intense emptiness.
The motion was very similar to that of Black Lotus’s special attack Death by Piercing, but the range was wildly different. The
red lance spilling from the sword howled metallically and lunged
at the distant Black Vise.
The layered avatar, dyed a glossless black, raised his left arm
straight ahead, gray aura swirling. “Layered Armor.”
The panels of his arm leapt off, each transforming into a large
square. The ten or so flat squares lined up horizontally, leaving
gaps, and stood in the way of the red lance, protecting the main
body of the avatar.
The thundering roar of the impact shook the world.
The lance pierced 90 percent of the way through the protective
panels the layers created and then stopped but did not disappear.
The air squealed and creaked as the weapon shone brightly, try-

ing to pierce the remaining panels.
The two Burst Linkers named Black, hands thrust out, fought
each other’s will.
Despite the extremity of the situation, Kuroyukihime glanced
over at Haruyuki and ordered in a stern yet gentle voice, “Now,
stand up, Silver Crow. I’ll keep this one in check. You defeat your
enemy—Dusk Taker.”
A second earlier, Haruyuki had thought that there was not a
shred of fighting power left within him. But the words of his
beloved sword master pierced his heart, almost as if they were
even another form of the will, and reignited the fire that was
about to extinguish.
“Right,” he responded in a hoarse but determined voice. He
bent the knees of his battered avatar, thrust his hands into the
ground, and stood, albeit wobblingly. Just over 30 percent left in
his HP gauge. He turned his face toward Dusk Taker, a way off,
and Cyan Pile next to him.
Consciousness perhaps inhibited by the intense pain of having
his stomach pierced and both arms gone, Takumu’s head was still
hanging heavily. There was no light from the eyes beneath the
mask. But he was still there. He was alive.
Dusk Taker, as if finally waking from the shock, slowly raised
his right hand to cover the visor of his face. “Heh. Heh. Heh-heh.”
The sneering laugh Haruyuki had heard countless times already
slipped thinly from between his fingers. “Heh-heh. Honestly. You
truly are disgusting people. Do you intend to keep playing makebelieve with your friendship, your bonds, your what-have-you
forever? You say you ran from Okinawa? Heh-heh, the height of
madness. Really.”
Vmm! He waved his hand. A hazy fluctuation entangled itself
around the talons.

“But, well, this does save me some trouble, doesn’t it? Once I
destroy the puppet here and that little bug, then it’s just Black
Lotus. You might call yourself a king, but there’s no way you can
take on the both of us. In fact, this is some unparalleled good fortune. In one hour, at a single time, I’ll torment you plenty and kill
you all. Until your points are entirely gone. Heh-heh, keh-hehheh-heh.”
Haruyuki was essentially ignoring the mocking voice. His consciousness was turned only toward the badly injured Takumu and
Chiyuri, still collapsed in the distance. The scene of Nomi trampling the pair flashed up on the screen in the back of his mind.
Chiyuri, arm ripped off, screaming. Takumu, stomach gouged
out, fallen. What they felt was not just a virtual pain. It was the
pain of their friendship and love being used and stomped all over.
It was the despair of the thing they cherished more than anything
being sullied and destroyed.
As Haruyuki clenched both hands into fists, his entire body
trembling, Nomi turned toward him and said consolingly, “But
please be reassured. I’ll save her, Lime Bell, at least. And not for
the reason this puppet here said, because I can’t take her healing
power. I do it in deference to the lady’s loyalty. Her devotion is
indeed praiseworthy. I’ll make sure to lavish attention on her.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!”
From between teeth gritted so hard they were about to crumble, Haruyuki squeezed his words out. “Nomi. You’re wrong.”
“About what? And since when?” The twilight-colored avatar
cocked his head.
Haruyuki glared at him. “Everything. Right from the start,” he
declared softly. “When you started at Umesato, you could’ve just
challenged any one of us to a duel like a normal person and said,
Hey, nice to meet you. All you had to do was say, I want to join
the Legion. Then you could’ve gotten what you really wanted.
Companions, friendship, bonds.”

Dusk Taker froze in place. An entirely different voice, lower,
colder, came from beneath his visor. “What did you say? Me?
Companions?”
“Yeah. You’re just like Taku and me. You were tortured and
scarred mentally, and then you became a Burst Linker. You
should’ve learned through duels that the real bonds we’ve been
looking for exist in the Accelerated World. Why couldn’t you believe in that? Why would you turn to the fake power of a BIC? I
know you must’ve had the opposite choice.”
A few seconds of silence followed, and then a terrifying aura
abruptly gushed from Nomi’s entire body. Haruyuki knew that it
was an incredibly angry pulsation, and that its source was the
feelings locked up in the very depths of Nomi’s heart.
“So in other words, is this what you’re saying?” Nomi asked in
a voice that was not a voice. “That you forgive me. That you pity
me, so you’ll be my friend. That in your boundless mercy, you are
reaching out a hand of salvation to me. Is that it?”
“Oh no.” Haruyuki immediately shook his head. “I’m totally
not doing that. You and I will never understand each other at this
point. Let’s settle this, Seiji Nomi.”
Naturally, there was anger toward Nomi inside of Haruyuki.
But a simple feeling far stronger than that became a superheated
blue flame and filled his body: determination. It was the resolute
intention to put an end to all of this, right here, right now. The
flame burned so hotly, without wavering in the slightest, that it
was almost static. Like the cold stars twinkling in the night sky.
In contrast, Nomi’s body radiated a raging tornado of anger
and he laughed briefly one more time. “Heh-heh. That’s a relief.
You narrowly missed being unable to forgive your pathetic self in
the real world, once I take care of your avatar here…I suppose we
could settle this now, Haruyuki Arita. This world doesn’t need
two fliers, after all.”

He raised his right hand, clenched it into a fist, and yanked it
back. The black wings on his back, folded up all this time, flapped
wide open.
Haruyuki also lifted his right hand high up in the sky, opened
his palm, and cried: “Equip Gale Thruster!”
Chk! A large sky-blue star sparkled in the inky sky before becoming two laser beams shooting down at the ground. They hit
Haruyuki’s back, but, still glittering, the light stopped there and
took shape, finally producing the beautiful Enhanced Armament.
Dusk Taker spread his wings even farther and flapped them
hard.
The boosters on Silver Crow’s back started to whine, the highpitched noise of operation.
The only two flying duel avatars in the Accelerated World
locked eyes for a brief instant and stilled.
Nomi was the first to kick off the ground, but by the smallest
of margins. Dragging the remaining tentacle of his left arm like a
tail, the membrane wings beat the air, and a clearly demonic silhouette rose up in a straight line.
Haruyuki carefully watched that trajectory, hips dropped in a
low ready position.
“Go!!” At the same time as his sharp call, he opened the boosters all the way. Blue jets of fire scorched the white earth. An almost terrifying propulsive force shot the small avatar up into the
air, and he immediately chased after the dark shadow.
Glancing down, Nomi flapped just one wing forcefully. Turning sharply, he brandished his right hand. “Sheeeeh!!” he howled,
and the purple fluctuation stretched out into long talons, carving
out five arcs in the night sky.

In return, Haruyuki readied the fingers of his right hand.
“Laser…Sword!!”
The sword of white light met the purple talons from directly
below and collided fiercely. Their weapons were crossed for an instant. The tip of the light sword and the ends of the talons all severed, the pair faced each other and fought with what remained of
their Incarnate weapons.
A thick gash raked Dusk Taker’s chest, but five thin scars
etched into Silver Crow’s, sending dichromatic sparks flying. Gritting his teeth against the pain, Haruyuki continued to ascend,
and when the energy gauge for the boosters was exhausted, he
opened his hands and dropped in free fall.
The price he paid for the overwhelming propulsive power of
the Gale Thruster, the Enhanced Armament he had been given by
Sky Raker, was that it used up the entire gauge once it was ignited. He couldn’t break the jet propulsion up into chunks and
hover by adjusting the power. Once he reached the pinnacle of
the ascent trajectory, all he could do was control the direction of
descent with the booster stabilizers. Normally, you would have to
wait nearly ten minutes for the gauge to be full again.
But Haruyuki was able to overwrite the system with the message that he could fly, using the Movement Expansion Incarnate.
Of course, he was nowhere near the level where he could fly with
that alone. But at the moment, with the Gale Thruster on his
back, he could use the power of his imagination to get the system
to reduce the gauge-charging time to the bare minimum.
He might have been far from mastering the Incarnate System,
but by combining the image of flight—which was in his bones
thanks to all his experience in the sky—with the system-type
propulsive power of the Gale Thruster, Haruyuki could fly.
The problem was it took almost five seconds to activate the Incarnate to recover the gauge.

And Nomi, who had watched him do the Incarnate charge in
the previous fight, knew that, too.
As he fell, Haruyuki spread his hands far out to his sides and
visualized the clear image of flapping the wings on his back
through the sky. Following Niko’s advice to reduce the activation
time, he figured he had better give this Incarnate a name, too. But
he felt a serious resistance to giving the desire to fly an “attack
name” and fixing the image.
Because this was a wish that had been secreted away in the
depths of his heart for a long, long time—it was the core that produced this avatar, Silver Crow—what else could he call it but
hope?
Thus, Haruyuki simply prayed silently. I can fly. Even if my
wings have been stolen, no matter how much pain I’m suffering,
no matter how many times I’m made to crawl, I will still aim for
the sky.
This prayer was, to Nomi, however, a serious opening.
“You think I’m going to let you?!” Dusk Taker called fiercely
and worked his black wings madly, charging in a straight line.
Haruyuki mustered all his mental stretch to ignore the ominous flapping and completed his image. In his heart, a clear blue
sky unfolded. The excess light became illusory wings and was released, pouring into the booster sitting there and becoming a fuel
called determination.
Skrrk! He felt an intense impact and five talons dug deeply
into his chest, crisscrossing his earlier wound.
“Hng!” Sparks cascaded down to the ground as he groaned.
Haruyuki popped his eyes open and grabbed on to the tentacle of
Dusk Taker’s left arm as he tried to fly away.

The wings, being the materialization of the flying ability, definitely had a much higher degree of freedom than the boosters.
But they had a weak point: In compensation for that high maneuverability, they lacked stability.
Yanked by his own tentacle in Haruyuki’s hand, Nomi
abruptly lost his balance and fell into a half tailspin. Using that
force, Haruyuki whirled around with all his might and severed
the tentacle in one stroke of his light sword. Centrifugal force was
added to his propulsive force, and Dusk Taker shot through the
sky horizontally.
“Tcch!” A cry of anger slipping from between his lips, Nomi
frantically flapped his wings to regain balance. But control did
not return so easily.
Haruyuki turned his body in Nomi’s direction, took a deep
breath, and yelled, “Flyyyyy!!”
The Gale Thruster responded with the throaty sound of
flames.
Haruyuki charged through the dark night, a blue shooting star.
The light of the ground and the stars in the sky all melted away in
circles around him; his eyes saw only the clear form of Dusk
Taker. He drew his right hand in. Lined up his fingers. There was
no longer any need to shout the attack name. The pure thought
pierce turned into light and moved into his hand, quavering violently.
“Aaaaaah!!”
Riding this howl, Haruyuki released a platinum luminescence
into the center of the radial light.
“Sheeeaaah!!” Recovered, Nomi met him with the talons of his
right hand and a battle yell.

An explosive shock wave roared through the world, piercing
with its resonance.
The tip of the light sword was held fast deep within the five
talons of nothingness, effectively stopping it. But right hands extended, the point where the two avatars met grew powerfully hot,
clashing vibrations singeing their masks.
“Ugh, ah, yaah!!” Haruyuki throttled the energy of the gauge
jetting out from the boosters, attempting to break Nomi’s defense. The thunder on his back grew infinitely louder. The flames
reached out endlessly, dyeing the sky blue.
A little more. I can reach him if I just push a little harder. My
sword will reach the ultimate enemy. A little more…Just a little…!!
Even with his accelerated senses, he could see the energy
gauge in the top left of his field of view dropping rapidly. Once
the gauge was exhausted, Nomi would no doubt slice him up with
those claws and not allow him the window he needed to Incarnate-charge. He had to break through before that!
“Ah…Aaah!!”
His overheated brain burned his vision into whiteness. But he
had already wrung his imagination dry and nearly pierced the
wall before him.
Skrrk. Skrrk. The silver light pushed into the nothingness. His
gauge emptied mercilessly.
Perhaps because he had been so focused on the extremely concentrated attack, the field itself rippled and shuddered. The light
sword pushed into the center of this ripple, bit by small bit.
It hit him. The tip of his sword finally touched the palm of
Nomi’s actual hand.

And the final pixel glittering in the energy gauge disappeared.
The thunder of combustion wavered, and the jet of flames
flickered.
A wild smile rose up on the lips beneath Dusk Taker’s visor.
And then—
“Now, Corvus. A little more.”
He heard a voice, and a pale hand came to support his right
arm.
“Come on, fight. Just a little more.”
Another voice rang in his ears, and someone pushed on his
shoulder.
“Ungh…Ah…Aaaaaah!!” Haruyuki howled, focusing his remaining power on the single point of his right hand. Although it
was for a mere moment, an enormous flame jetted from the
boosters, despite the empty gauge.
This final propulsive force shot him forward and the sword of
light finally broke through the wall of nothingness. The five talons
scattered into purple phosphorescence and evaporated.
“What—” As if to drown Nomi’s gasp:
Kreeeeeeen!!
The superextended sword of light cut Dusk Taker’s right arm
perfectly in two, and the pieces fell apart into countless fragments.
“Ngaaah!!”
Haruyuki’s consciousness was exhausted, to the point where it

was a mystery that he could still move. Even in this half-autopilot
state, however, with an overarm stroke, he plunged his left hand
into the chest of his enemy as hard as he could, before he could
drop from the heights of the sky.
The light of his Incarnate was so weak it was barely visible, but
he felt a powerful resistance nonetheless as his arm pierced the
darkness avatar, the tip coming out through its back.
“Hng!…Nnnngh!” Scattering reddish-purple sparks, Nomi
groaned and his upper body reeled.
One more hit!!
If he hit Dusk Taker with one more serious blow, his HP gauge
would be finished.
But Haruyuki would almost certainly die with him. He didn’t
have enough power left to control his descent, much less charge
the Gale Thruster one more time. He had just the barest amount
of HP left; if he crashed into the ground from this height, he
would vanish in short order.
But even if I do, that’s okay.
As long as we both go down and all of our points are given to
Cyan Pile, as long as Takumu takes up this dream of mine, my
fighting won’t have been in vain.
Whipping up his awareness, which threatened to disappear,
Haruyuki raised his right hand high above him. Setting his aim
on the black visor of his enemy, who had also nearly lost consciousness, he readied the final blow—
But the instant he went to strike, he heard a voice.
“Citron Call!!”

A voice he had heard so much and so often, maybe more than
his own mother’s, the voice he had been listening to the longest.
They laughed together, played, sometimes fought, quickly made
up. That voice—
Mesmerized, Haruyuki looked at the ground. A pillar of beautiful emerald-green light soared up from the avatar the color of
fresh leaves standing quietly in the schoolyard and enveloped
Dusk Taker.
The ringing of infinite bells spread out through the night sky.
As if it were the blessing of an angel, the light restored the
dusk-colored avatar. The cracked and scorched armor regained
its sheen. Lost arms were regenerated.
An instantaneous and painfully deep despair blanketed
Haruyuki.
In the depths of the black spherical mask, reddish-purple eyes
blinked and shone brightly once again.
“Heh-heh, ha-ha-ha-ha!” The shrill laugh. “Ha-ha-ha! A-haha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
The regenerated arms opened wide, wider, and Dusk Taker
screamed, “See? Isn’t that loyalty absolutely worthy of praise?!
So…this is power! This is ruling!! Friendship?! Bonds?! As if I
need those!! Rule through pillage!! That alone is absolute power!!
Ha-ha-ha-ha…Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!” The twisted, loud
laughter became an aura and scattered purple electricity racing
through the sky.
“Now…it’s time…to settle thiiiiis!!” The Nihilistic Fluctuation
reached out from ten sinisterly tapered fingers. On the verge of
splitting apart Haruyuki’s body—
Something happened.

The pop of an intense glimmer.
The devil wings sprouting from Dusk Taker’s back, spread out
to both sides, were shining. Cracks raced through them as though
they had been transformed into ultrathin glass. They began to
crumble noisily.
And then disappeared.
“Wha—” Nomi gasped, eyelids flying all the way up. “Wh-whwhy are my wings dis—”
Before he could finish, the two avatars shuddered heavily. The
flying power that had been keeping them in midair had disappeared, and they began to fall, still entangled.
But Haruyuki soon felt something trying to pull him back. It
was hot. A modest, living heat sitting at the tips of his shoulder
blades. The speed of Silver Crow’s descent alone eased, and his
left hand, still piercing Dusk Taker, was pulled free.
The twilight avatar, hands still spread out in mute amazement,
fell backward toward the earth.
In contrast, Haruyuki slowed even more, until he finally felt a
sense of buoyancy and came to a stop.
It wasn’t Gale Thruster. That gauge was completely empty,
and the Enhanced Armament remained silent.
Right. This feeling. A yearning that made him want to cry, an
exaltation.
“Ah. Ah…” As the sound slipped out of him, tears welled up in
both eyes.
The heat in his shoulder blades gradually became hotter. The
energy grew and swirled, seeking an outlet. Almost as if his bones
were waking up the memory of the organ formerly attached there.

Guided by something, Haruyuki raised his hands and crossed
them in front of his body. He clenched his fists. He put his power
into it.
“Welcome home. Thank you,” he murmured and threw his
arms out to the sides.
Claaaang!!
A sound more beautiful than any other filled the night sky.
Even without being able to see directly, Haruyuki knew. Ten
metal fins had been deployed on his back on both sides of the
booster, shining silver in the reflected moonlight. Platinum
wings. The power to reach the heavens, the reason for Silver
Crow’s existence.
He was finally back. To his original form. To being the sole flying duel avatar in the Accelerated World, a power nurtured and
created by his own mental scars.
This conviction and emotion overflowed in his heart—and
then something else happened.
The Gale Thruster fused with the wings and the gauge glittered
as if linked to them, automatically refilling. He felt like it was
telling him to fly.
Haruyuki nodded, and, drawing his right hand into his chest,
he turned his body straight down.
In the center of the endlessly unfolding white field, he could
see the tiny shadow of Dusk Taker yet falling. He might have lost
his wings, but his HP would have been recovered with the power
of Citron Call. He might have been able to endure a crash from
extremely high up.
But I’m ending this.

Haruyuki spread his silver wings. The fins began to vibrate
lightly. A familiar propulsive force enveloped his body. At the
same time, the Gale Thruster ignited. Blue flames were reflected
by the silver wings, glittering gorgeously. He held his breath at
the awe-inspiring surge of energy.

“Goooooooo!!” Haruyuki shouted
A platinum aura radiated from his wings. The blue jet of
flames gushed out farther. At once, Haruyuki broke through the
wall of air and flew.
He was likely moving faster than any avatar had ever moved
since the beginnings of the Accelerated World. With the propulsive force of the wings and the booster, plus the pull of the virtual
gravity, Haruyuki charged ahead, a single bolt of lightning.
Even accelerated as he was, the rest happened in an instant.
With the Incarnate sword in his right hand as the tip, Silver
Crow transformed into an arrow of light and closed in on the
falling Dusk Taker, touched him, and then plunged through him.
Pop! The dusky avatar flew apart in pieces, spinning from the
center of his body. Pushing past where their weapons had crossed
without touching these polygon fragments, Haruyuki straightened out his wings and pointed his booster straight down.
The propulsion counterbalanced the ferocity of his descent,
and he decelerated before coming to a stop. The soles of his feet
grasped the surface of the earth. Crumbling to his knees,
Haruyuki heard a heavy crash a moment later. He fought the sudden exhaustion that washed over him and lifted his head.
Looking out at the Umesato Junior High schoolyard near
where he had landed revealed a black lump tumbling along.
Dusk Taker. But all that was left of him was his head, chest,
and the short tentacles that had started to regenerate from his left
shoulder. The eyes beneath his visor were very dim and flickered
irregularly. If he had anything left in his HP gauge, it had to be
less than 10 percent.
Haruyuki dragged himself to his feet. After he had taken one,

two steps, he heard a voice.
“Wh…y…Why…My wings. Disappeared…,” Nomi moaned, as if
this were an even bigger shock than having his body blown away.
It wasn’t Haruyuki who answered.
“That’s…because my power isn’t healing.”
He jerked his head up, and there was Chiyuri—Lime Bell. She
was holding her side and the deep holes that had been gouged out
of it with her severed right arm.
And standing beside her was Cyan Pile, missing both arms. He
could also see Black Lotus and Black Vise facing each other, both
on guard, holding themselves in ready positions, but they seemed
to have stopped their Incarnate attacks.
“Wh…what?” Nomi muttered hoarsely. “If it’s not…a healing
ability, then what are you saying it is?”
“Ever since I became a Burst Linker, I thought it was weird,”
Chiyuri replied quietly after a brief silence. “Like, why would I be
given this healing power? But, well…after I healed you for the
first time in fifth period on Tuesday, I was talking with Haru and
Taku, and I figured it out. Haru said it wasn’t just your wounds
and HP that were healed; even the machine in your right arm
came back. I thought that was pretty strange. That’s not healing;
it’s more like repair. And then…I understood.”
Taking a deep breath, the fresh green avatar announced
crisply, “My power’s not healing. It’s turning back time. Time for
the avatar it hits goes backward. Which is why…I thought, if I
used this power, I could for sure get Haru’s wings back. I could
rewind time to before Dusk Taker stole Silver Crow’s ability and
make it like the whole thing never happened.”
So that’s it. Haruyuki felt a keen pain throb deep in his heart.

Tears blurred his vision once again. And I doubted her. I couldn’t
trust my old friend when she was trying so hard for me. I’m an
idiot. A super, total idiot.
Hanging his head low, Haruyuki heard a deeply resentful voice
rise up from the ground below.
“What…You betrayed me? You betrayed me, Lime Bell?” Having lost his body and being near death, Nomi shouted as though
his anger gave him power. “After I let you win, after I gave you
vast oceans of points, you betray me?!”
“No, I didn’t. I didn’t betray you at all,” Chiyuri responded,
sounding like she had gotten back just a little of her usual contrary spirit. “The first time I healed you was because you threatened me with the video. And I obeyed you after that to level up
and extend the amount of time I could go back…and also for this
one chance today. I’ve never once been your friend!”
A brief silence fell once again.
The dusk-colored avatar shook the ruins of his body and
abruptly laughed quietly. “Heh. Heh-heh-heh. Honestly…this
one, that one, idiots all of you. I’m sick of looking at your faces;
I’m leaving. I’ll spread all of your real identities and let someone
else finish you off. I’m going to transfer schools and build my own
kingdom. Now then, what are you doing, Vise? Hurry up and get
me out of here.”
Haruyuki jerked his face up and looked over at the layered
avatar facing off with Black Lotus in the distance.
“Well, this puts me in a bit of a spot,” the jet-black avatar said
gently, slowly cocking his head to one side. “Given the situation,
that is a very difficult request to respond to, Taker.”
“Well then, make the effort. If I’m gone and I’m the main
force, then the Research Society itself is in a bit of a spot, isn’t it?

The BIC information might even be leaked.”
“Oh no, I don’t think that’s a concern. Our BICs have been customized to automatically inactivate the instant they detect when
we lose Brain Burst. The chip ends up dissolving into the cerebrospinal fluid and disappears, so tracing us is impossible. And,
well…Taker, you of all people should know that former acceleration users are no longer able to interfere in this world in any
way.”
Haruyuki couldn’t even begin to understand the meaning of
what Black Vise was saying.
But Nomi raised his head with a start and glared at the moon
directly above. “Dammit! Dammit!! Daaaaaammiiiiiit!!” he
howled for a while, before snarling at them again. “I won’t accept
that! I will not allow this to happen! Anyone! Anyone’s fine!
Come here! Help me! If you do, I’ll give you points!!”
That’s enough.
The moment Haruyuki had this thought, Takumu looked at
him and said, “Should we end this, Haru?”
“Yeah.” Nodding, Haruyuki started to walk. To put an end to it
all.
As soon as Dusk Taker saw Silver Crow approaching, he began
to scream, “S-stop! Okay! From now on, I’ll pay tribute in points
to you! That’s not a bad deal, right?! And I’ll even join your Legion for you!!”
As he walked, Haruyuki raised his right hand. A white luminescence grew out of his readied fingers.
“Stop! No! I don’t want to lose it! My power! My acceleration!!
No, no…Noooooooooo!!” His torso recoiling as he twisted himself
inside out, Dusk Taker tried to gain some distance by scrabbling

at the earth with his short tentacles.
With a frozen heart, Haruyuki brandished the sword of light
high. It flashed down without hesitation.
The air shook and a thin line of light raced along the decorative tiles, stretching out to swallow up Dusk Taker, who was
crawling along in front of it. The twilight avatar was soundlessly
split in two, straight down the center.
Immediately, an enormous pillar of reddish-purple flame shot
up. From inside the flames, countless ribbons of light were released into the sky, only to melt into the air and disappear. The
ribbons were woven from detailed digital code; it was a phenomenon that accompanied the final annihilation of a Burst Linker,
something he had seen only once before.
In that moment, the marauder who had reigned over Umesato
Junior High and held Haruyuki and his friends under his overwhelmingly heavy boot was gone forever from the Accelerated
World.
As he stood there stock-still, the system font announcing the
conclusion of the sudden-death duel shone redly in Haruyuki’s vision. A large quantity of burst points was added to his stock, followed by a message to the effect that he could now advance to
level five.
However, he felt no exultation in the victory or even a sense of
achievement, just the recognition that it was all over. He dragged
his battered body a few steps toward Chiyuri and Takumu.
“Now then.”
He heard a resolute voice: Kuroyukihime, who had until that
point held the mysterious Burst Linker Black Vise in complete
check with an Incarnate battle.

“I have a great many things to ask you, but you don’t look like
you have any intention of talking. In which case, let’s finish this
already.”
At this, the layered avatar shook his head emphatically.
“No, in these few minutes, I’ve seen to the point of unpleasantness the actual power of a king. I really don’t have a chance of
winning. I’ll simply quietly take my leave here.” His voice was
calm, as if he thought nothing of the fact that his companion had
completely disappeared before his eyes.
Kuroyukihime gracefully raised the sword of her right hand.
“Say what you will; I’m under no obligation to let you go,” she
whispered in a voice like knives. “I’ll cut you down where you
stand and use the hour until you regenerate to carefully consider
how to properly deal with you.”
“Ooh! Scary!” Black Vise batted her words aside lightly as he
shrugged. “But my greatest ability is fleeing. Oh, but before that,
one thing. I harbor not a shred of ill will toward you all in the
Black Legion. I came here because Taker asked me to and paid for
my services in advance. Naturally, I received absolutely no information about any of you in the real, and if possible, I would like
to have nothing to do with you ever again.”
“Too late,” Kuroyukihime retorted coolly, and the sword of her
right arm was clad in a red aura, the left in blue.
Taking a step forward, there, ahead of her, abruptly, bizarrely,
Black Vise clapped together the countless thin panels making up
his body. Where he had stood, there was now a single black panel
—nothing more than a shadow. From Haruyuki’s position, he
could just barely make out the shape, but head-on, it was essentially invisible.
“Well then, you all take care.” Immediately, the thin panel
sank down, melting into the shadows of the schoolyard spreading

out at their feet. A whistling sound followed as the avatar sped
away.
“Hngh!!” With a slight battle cry, Kuroyukihime waved her
right arm straight up into the air.
A red line raced along the ground, bit into the school, and
began to climb.
“Uh, ah?!” Haruyuki cried out in surprise as he watched as the
southwestern corner of the chalk palace—where the staff room
and the principal’s office were in the real world—was cut off and
crumbled in a heap. Mixed in with the many white objects
smashed and scattering, a single small black panel shot off and
stabbed into the schoolyard in the distance before turning into an
arm and rolling across the ground.
But that was it. The arm soon broke into an infinite number of
polygon fragments, scattered, and disappeared.
“So he got away, then.” Kuroyukihime lowered her sword.
“Kuroyukihime!!” Haruyuki cried out and began to walk after
her, staring at her too beautiful, too brave, and ephemeral form
for a while.
He made his avatar—armor blown off its upper body, scarred
with countless wounds—run earnestly. Hearing his footfalls,
Kuroyukihime whirled around. He stopped before her and
clenched both hands tightly.
“Kuroyukihime…Kuroyukihime…I…I…” He couldn’t say anything else.
She stared for a moment at the Gale Thruster, the Enhanced
Armament fused with the wings glittering on his back. Her violetblue eyes lit up and she nodded deeply. Raising the sword of her
right hand, she patted Haruyuki’s shoulder with the blade’s ridge.

“Well done. I’ll have you tell me the details after I return to Tokyo
tomorrow. For now, rest and relax.”
She then shifted her gaze behind Haruyuki, where Cyan Pile
and Lime Bell had also come to stand.
“Takumu, you fought well. Good job. And…Kurashima, or
rather, Chiyuri.” Here, Kuroyukihime did something unexpected.
Turning toward Lime Bell, she lowered her head.
However, the real surprise was the words that followed.
“Thank you, really. If you hadn’t notified me, I wouldn’t have
been able to run over here.”
“Wh—”
“What?!”
Haruyuki and Takumu cried out in surprise in unison.
“Y-you told her…Chiyu, you?! Kuroyukihime?!”
“I did!” Waving the bell of her left hand, Chiyuri shouted in
her usual spirited way. “What did you think I came all the way
over to your house for, huh? Obviously I came to set the actual
fight time and tell Kuroyukihime!”
“Wh-whoa…H-hold on…” Groaning, Haruyuki worked hard to
turn the gears of his exhausted brain.
After Haruyuki had sent Nomi the final postponement message immediately before diving into the Unlimited Neutral Field,
he had indeed said, “Okay. We dive in one minute.”
The instant Chiyuri had heard that, she had pushed the SEND
button on a message to Kuroyukihime that was already saved on
her virtual desktop. Kuroyukihime, receiving it in Okinawa, had
immediately dived into the Unlimited Neutral Field, captured a
flying horse Enemy, and raced toward Tokyo for fifteen hours. So

that was what happened.
Chiyuri kept going as Haruyuki and Takumu exchanged
dumbfounded looks. “I was worried about leaving things to you
two stubborn jerks, so I sent Kuroyukihime a mail when you decided on the final battle and told her everything. And then she
told me she would run in the field, so I should fix the exact time.
At your house, Haru, I was actually really annoyed! I just wanted
you to pick a time already!!”
“S-sorry,” he muttered, and then he shook his head hard.
He turned to Kuroyukihime and lowered his head as deeply as
he could. “Thank you so much. To take fifteen hours and come to
help us…When I saw you on the roof, I was overwhelmed…I was
so happy.”
“Maybe I put on too much of a show.” Kuroyukihime
shrugged, and Haruyuki held back his tears to return her smile.
Next he looked at Chiyuri and lowered his head once more.
“Thanks, Chiyu. If it had been just Taku and me, we totally would
have lost. Thank you…so much.” His throat was blocked and his
voice shook.
“Honestly.” Chiyuri’s own voice was also secretly damp. But
his old friend continued in a more cheerful tone, “And I’m worried about it being just the two of you from now on, too. Guess I
got no choice…I’ll join your Nega Nebulus.”
“Huh?!”
“Ch-Chi!”
Paying no further attention to the two boys, Chiyuri turned
back to Kuroyukihime and tilted her head shyly. Kuroyukihime
nodded decisively and did some quick operations on her Brain
Burst console. Without the slightest hesitation, Chiyuri pressed

the Legion entry application that popped up in her vision.
The two girl-type avatars, one jet-black, the other the color of
fresh grass, took a step toward each other.
Sword and bell met with a ringing clang.
Haruyuki could only stare silently as Takumu’s muttering next
to him reached his ears. “What were we so worried about?”
“Seriously. But…this is great. Really great…Really…” Haruyuki
stretched out his arm unconsciously and clasped Cyan Pile’s
shoulder.
Under the blue moonlight of the Accelerated World, the four
Burst Linkers stood like this for a while.
Eventually, however, Kuroyukihime lifted her face and ordered her subordinates in a refreshingly clear voice, “Now. Go
home. To the real world.”
They left the Unlimited Neutral Field through the portal at
Koenji station, and Haruyuki returned to his own living room in
the real world.
Although the final battle had gone from one unexpected development to the next, it hadn’t even taken a full hour altogether. In
other words, on this side, it had all happened in a mere three seconds.
However, the instant he returned to his flesh-and-blood body,
Haruyuki slumped over onto the table at the enormous sense of
exhaustion he felt. Still, he managed to get it in check and lift his
face. His blurry eyes focused on Chiyuri, similarly blinking
rapidly.
For a mere instant, they exchanged glances. That alone made
something hot well up in his heart, and his eyes started to blur

dangerously again, so he hurried to open his mouth. “You
could’ve told us.”
“Seriously,” Takumu said, bobbing his head up and down next
to him. “If you had just told us that you contacted Master—no,
wait, that you joined up with Nomi to get Haru’s wings back, we
could’ve gotten through all this with a little less agony.”
The two boys were so full of self-reproach at having doubted
their childhood friend, their voices were unintentionally resentful, and Chiyuri sighed deeply before responding with exasperation.
“Now, look! I told you before! I had one chance to rewind
Dusk Taker’s time with Citron Call! So there was no way I could
let Nomi get the slightest idea about what I was up to. I mean, I
didn’t think he had, but what if Nomi had planted some eavesdropping app or device on me? The second I explained it all to
you, the whole thing would be blown!”
Gulping, Haruyuki looked at Takumu, and then murmured in
amazement, “Y-you thought that far ahead…even though it’s you
—”
“Hey! What exactly is that supposed to mean?!” she shouted,
and knocked her chair back as she stood with the intent to come
around the table and punch him. But before she could, she fell
back into her seat, exhausted, as though standing up had given
her a head rush.
Haruyuki and Takumu hurriedly stood and dropped down in
front of her.
“Ch-Chi! You okay?!” At Takumu’s voice, she nodded lightly,
head still hanging.
“I worked really hard, you know,” Chiyuri whispered abruptly,
tiny tremors in her voice.

Plip! A single droplet of water fell to the laminate floor.
“…It was so incredibly tough…but I kept trying. I worked so
hard…”
Plip, plip. The drops falling one after another glittered beautifully like gems on the wood.
Pierced straight through, Haruyuki said gently in a voice that
was definitely shaking, “Aah…thank you. Really, thanks, Chiyu.”
Heaving a large sob, Chiyuri lifted a face stained with tears
and leapt at their necks. She yanked Takumu in on the left and
Haruyuki on the right and pushed all of their heads together. “I
love you…I love you both!!”
His childhood friend then began to cry like a child, loud and
suffering, and Haruyuki squeezed her back tightly. He couldn’t
maintain his own control then, and tears welled up in his eyes.
Something shone on Takumu’s cheeks, too, under his glasses.
The three friends—born in the same year, raised in the same
place—stayed like this, letting their tears flow.

11
“A win rate of a hundred percent!”
Haruyuki clenched his right hand tightly, and then his shoulders fell as he continued, “Or it was. If only we hadn’t gotten
taken down in that last fight…”
The following day, Saturday April 20, a bright evening. The
place was the same as the previous day, the Arita living room.
Every week at that time was the crown jewel of the fighting
game Brain Burst: the Territory Battles between Legions.
Haruyuki and the other members of Nega Nebulus had been expecting some difficult fights that week given that they were going
in with a battle formation that lacked their Master Black Lotus,
but they ended up with an almost-complete win ratio.
It was because Lime Bell jumped right in, even though she had
just joined the Legion the day before. Her healing ability might
have turned out to be the ability to reverse time, but it could also
definitely be used as a sham means of recovering HP. The only
issue was, if she went back too far, repeatedly cycling through
heal, hit, heal, they were back in damage territory, but she managed to keep this straight somehow with an expert’s knack.
Thus, Haruyuki and his friends adopted the strategy of always
keeping either Silver Crow or Cyan Pile with Lime Bell for protection, while the other attacked and returned to the base for healing. This worked very well, and he thought that they were going
to have a total Territories victory for the first time in a long time.
But…

The long-distance, three-person team that challenged them
last didn’t approach their base at all and showered the lone person who came to attack with concentrated firepower. The remaining two were forced to gradually advance, and when the three of
them were all together, their enemies blasted with multiple special attacks and wiped out all at once.
“Well, it happens. Just winning as much as we did with a team
that was thrown together’s more than enough,” Takumu said, sipping his large drink, and Haruyuki pursed his lips.
“Yeah, I know. In the end, they got us right in our weak spot,
the fact that we don’t have any long-distance firepower, and we
lost.”
“And that weak point’s not going to change when Master
comes home, either.”
“If it’s without Incarnate, then yeah.”
They both simultaneously remembered Kuroyukihime’s longrange technique and how it severed the distant Umesato school
building in a single blow, shivers running up their spines.
Chiyuri wasn’t there—perhaps embarrassed about all the crying she did the day before, she said she would dive from her own
place—so it was just the two of them. After popping into his
mouth a fry from the hamburger meal he had bought in the shopping mall on the first floor, Haruyuki cleared his throat and
changed the subject.
“Anyway, nice work in there. And…Taku. That…Have you had
any contact?” He left out the “from Nomi” part.
“No, none.” Takumu shook his head slightly. “I’m a little worried about it, though. I mean, it’s Nomi. He might have proposed
the battle, but I seriously can’t believe he’d give up, even if he did
lose.”

“Me, either.”
The air suddenly heavy, they both fell silent.
“That avatar that showed up there, Black Vise,” Haruyuki said
as he chewed on the end of another fry. “He said something
weird. About how former acceleration users who had lost Brain
Burst couldn’t interfere with the Accelerated World. Wonder
what that was supposed to mean.”
“Huh? Isn’t it just that they can’t accelerate, so they can’t
fight?”
“That’s what I thought, too, at the time. But, like, that kind of
goes without saying. You don’t really need to go out of your way
to push the point. Hey, Taku. Maybe you don’t want to talk about
it, but…” He glanced over at his friend sitting next to him on the
sofa. “Your ‘guardian’…the captain of the kendo team at your old
school…He had a forced uninstall with the Blue King’s Judgment
Blow, right?”
“Yeah, that’s what I heard.”
“Did you guys talk after that? Like about Brain Burst.”
At this, Takumu furrowed his brow in an interesting shape and
appeared to think for a minute. “I was in a pretty big hurry to
transfer schools after all that…I went to say my good-byes to the
kendo team, but our teammates were there, too, so naturally, I
didn’t say anything about Brain Burst. And, I dunno, he seemed
to be surprisingly over it, so I didn’t dare bring it all back for
him.”
“Over it…?” Haruyuki muttered, and thought for a minute; he
felt like he had heard something similar before. He soon hit on it.
Cherry Rook, Red King Niko’s guardian. After using the Armor
of Catastrophe to run wild in the Accelerated World, he had been

judged for his crimes by Niko’s hand and lost Brain Burst. Later,
Niko had said he was back to his old self and was talking to her
for real again. He had said that even though he was moving, he
planned to keep playing other net games together with her.
Somehow, this was similar to what Takumu had told him just
now.
But there was no way either of these cases fit Nomi in any way.
Nomi’s resentful screaming immediately before he left the Accelerated World stuck in Haruyuki’s ears even now. He had been
prepared for the fairly likely eventuality of some kind of
vengeance. But Haruyuki, Takumu, Chiyuri—none of them had
had any contact from him.
“Guess our only choice is to go talk to him in person on Monday,” Takumu said slowly, and Haruyuki nodded slightly.
“Guess so. There’s the video thing, too…”
Now that he was no longer a Burst Linker, Nomi had nothing
left to lose in the Accelerated World. If he decided to, he could reveal that video he secretly took to get his revenge and also disseminate the real identities of Haruyuki and his friends to other
Burst Linkers. The only counterattack they had was the brain implant chip in Nomi’s head, but Black Vise had said something
worrying about that.
If you lost Brain Burst, the BIC would automatically cease
functioning and melt away.
The BIC body was a synthetic protein micromachine assembly.
Depending on the programming, it could be detached/dissolved,
in which case, it would no longer be detectable with a scan. In
other words, it stopped being a reason for Nomi to be expelled.
Which is why Haruyuki and his friends couldn’t just cut off
contact with Nomi. They still had to go to him and negotiate, to
force him to delete the video. It was seriously depressing.

Finishing off his drink, Takumu dumped the ice in the kitchen,
carefully washed the recycled materials cup, and threw it in the
special bag. “Okay, then, on Monday at school. You want me to
come with you when you go see Nomi?”
“No, I’ll be fine. I’ll go by myself, thanks. G’night.” He saw
Takumu off at the door and went back to the living room to clean
up, sighing. He looked at the clock on his virtual desktop, and
then stared out the window at the night sky.
She’s still on the plane right now. Or maybe she’s landed at
the airport already, he wondered idly, and then shook his pudgy
head and switched tracks. He’d get to see her on Monday at
school. He’d waited a whole week; he could handle another day
and a half.
He had wrestled his emotions back under control, so that
when the doorbell rang minutes later, he assumed Takumu had
forgotten something. Not wanting to bother with the hassle of the
intercom window, he went back to the entryway. “Coming,” he
said as he unlocked the door.
“What? You forget some—” The thing got stuck in his throat,
and his heart stopped. Without even being aware of this,
Haruyuki opened his eyes so wide, they almost popped out.
Standing there, paper bag in one hand, carrier bag with motor
assist dangling from the other, was a girl in the Umesato Junior
High school uniform. In the slight breeze that wafted down the
corridor, her dark red ribbon and long black hair fluttered, and
he caught the faint scent of the tropics.
“How many seconds are you going to stay frozen?” she asked,
and Haruyuki’s brain finally restarted.
Bwah! After several at-best-ragged breaths, Haruyuki
squeezed out a hoarse voice. “K-K-Ku-Kuro—Kuroyukihime?!
Wh-wh-wh—”

“Some hello. And after I came straight here from Haneda to
bring you a souvenir.”
The expression on the face of the older student—Kuroyukihime, cheeks puffed out adorably—made Haruyuki jump to attention. Quickly, he swept his right hand back like a traffic control
robot. “Oh! C-c-come in! Please come in!”
“Thanks. I’d be glad to.” Nodding crisply, Kuroyukihime
walked into the entryway, left her shoes and carrier bag there,
and stepped up into the hallway. She moved briskly past
Haruyuki and went into the living room.
Chasing after her, feet tangling underneath him, Haruyuki no
longer had any idea of what he should do and shot his eyes
around and around his apartment before saying, “Uh, um, my
mom never gets home until late.”
“I know. That’s why I came.”
“Y-you did? Uh, so…R-right, t-t-t-tea!”
Calm down! Calm down and deal with this! he told himself as
he started toward the kitchen, and Kuroyukihime reached into
the paper bag with a quick “Oh yes.”
“Perhaps you could also warm this up in the microwave for
me.” She pulled out an enormous yellowish-brown sphere.
Haruyuki accepted the object that was maybe fifteen centimeters
in diameter and stared at it intently.
The characters printed on the clear packaging in a somehow
Okinawa-like font read ANDAGI BOMB.
“Is this sata andagi?”
“Mmm. You did put in a request, didn’t you, saying you’d like
one thirty centimeters round? As expected, there were none that

big, so you’ll have to make do with this.”
“N-no, this is plenty big. I’m kind of surprised.”
“Right? I was surprised, too, when I came across it.”
Ha-ha-ha!
Haruyuki stared long and hard at Kuroyukihime’s laughing
face, and finally felt his nervousness dissipate. At the same time,
his eyes got a little misty, so he hurriedly whirled around and escaped to the kitchen.
He pulled the enormous Okinawa-style doughnut from the bag
and warmed it in the microwave. He brought a bottle of oolong
tea and two glasses to the table, rolled the now-heated andagi
onto a plate, and after a moment’s thought, took it and a small
knife out with him.
Already seated at the dining table, Kuroyukihime took the
knife from the plate, and as adroit with a blade as would be expected, she split the andagi into two perfect halves. “Here.” She
pushed one half toward Haruyuki, steam rising up from the
golden cross-section.
“Th-thanks.” He took it from her and bit into the edge. Enjoying both the crunchy surface and the moist insides, he thought to
himself, I get it. There’s a reason it’s this big.
“I-it’s delicious. Really delicious.”
“Is it? Good.”
Here, Haruyuki finally stumbled onto the question of why he
had even asked for a giant andagi in the first place. Munching on
it, he tried desperately to remember his own actions, as the smile
on the face of Kuroyukihime across the table from him grew even
broader, beautiful like a narcissus.

“Now then, Haruyuki,” she said.
“Y-yes?”
“Shall I tell you what I’m feeling right now?”
“O-okay.”
“Forty-nine percent the desire to praise you for a job well
done. Fifty percent the desire to punch you.”
And the last one percent?
This was perhaps not the time to ask such questions, and he
straightened his back. A rather large lump got caught in his
throat and after somehow managing to swallow it, Haruyuki
thrust his head downward.
“I-I’m so sorry! I take responsibility for everything. I didn’t
want to bother you on your trip, but then I ended up relying on
you in the end…And, I mean, I made you run fifteen hours from
Okinawa and everything…”
“Look, you.” The smile changed to a dangerous look suddenly,
and Kuroyukihime produced an extremely displeased voice. “I’m
not mad about having to fight. Just the opposite. Why didn’t you
call me right from the start? If you had said even a word about
the situation, I would’ve flown home from Okinawa right away!”
“Th-that’s…I mean, you only get one school trip your whole
life, don’t you—”
“Either way, it wasn’t that much fun! And I suppose you won’t
understand the reason for that, either, unless I tell you!” She said
it with such force that if she had been her duel avatar, there was
no doubt she would’ve sliced the table in two with the sharpness.
She frowned sullenly, but, fortunately, she soon sighed, dropped
most of the swords in her voice, and continued. “Well, that’s fine.

In any case, you’ll tell me now. Everything from start to finish—
don’t leave out a single byte of information!”
And then Haruyuki told her everything as he chewed on the
giant doughnut. The long, long story from the appearance of Seiji
Nomi to the first battle with Dusk Taker, the training in the Unlimited Neutral Field, and the events leading up to the previous
day’s battle.
When he had finished the nearly hour-long explanation,
Kuroyukihime lowered her long lashes and sighed softly. A few
seconds later, she opened her mouth. “Haruyuki. When you summoned that Enhanced Armament—Gale Thruster—I thought my
heart would stop.”
Drinking his oolong tea, Haruyuki jerked his face up. However, no words came out.
Sky Raker, the recluse of the Accelerated World, had given
Haruyuki the Gale Thruster. She had been a core member of the
initial Nega Nebulus and also Kuroyukihime’s friend. Seeking the
sky as if possessed, Sky Raker had asked Kuroyukihime to cut her
own legs off for her. Kuroyukihime had agreed—and after that,
she had apparently thrown herself into the bloody battle with the
other kings.
But right now, Kuroyukihime’s face was calm, a somehow
plaintive smile rising to her lips. “So unexpected…that she would
be the one to initiate you into the Incarnate System.”
“…I’m sorry. I didn’t get your permission. I just went off on my
own.”
“No.” Kuroyukihime shook her head gently at his apologies.
“She’s likely more qualified for it than I am. Of all the high-level
Linkers who have mastered Incarnate, Raker is probably the one
who most believes in the possibilities of that system. And…I no
doubt could not have been that complete of a demon toward you.”

A giggle tumbled from her lips and Haruyuki gave her a big
nod.
“Sh-she was amazing. She pushed me off of the top of the old
Tokyo Tower.”
“Ha-ha-ha! That’s so like her.” She laughed fondly for a moment before abruptly falling silent.
She dropped her gaze to fix it on a single point on the table,
but then finally stood up, chair clattering slightly. She moved to
the front of the large window on the southern side of the apartment and stared wordlessly at the night outside.
For a while, Haruyuki watched her back with the long black
hair flowing down it, but then resolved himself and stood up as
well. He walked over to her and looked outside with her.
“The Incarnate System is extremely enormous,” she said
slowly, after a few seconds. “Thus, it enthralls everyone who
touches it. They master the depths of the power, charging forward
to make it their own. But, well…this is what I think. If it were a
simple program bug, the administrator wouldn’t just leave it,
they’d do something about it. Thus, the power is not an irregular
system generated accidentally but rather…part of Brain Burst
from the start. Perhaps as some sort of trap.”
“A-a trap…?”
“Mmm. To lure us Burst Linkers in and draw our minds to another dimension somewhere…”
The meaning of her words was a complete mystery to
Haruyuki. Still, he furrowed his brow and tried to understand
somehow. Kuroyukihime glanced at him and then touched her
left hand gently to his cheek.
“No, don’t bother yourself about it. All you need to do is sim-

ply move straight ahead the way you are. Mmm…Perhaps you…
You might be able to surpass that deep darkness and approach
the true light at the heart…”
Laughing softly, Kuroyukihime brought her right hand up to
his face as well. Her expression and tone shifted. “Now. Shall I
tell you the remaining one percent of my feelings?”
Haruyuki’s entire body stiffened with a gasp. Something more
than punch?! So then, some kind of leg technique?! Or maybe a
submission hold?!
As Haruyuki’s mind raced with absurd thoughts, Kuroyukihime wrapped both arms around his neck and pulled him firmly
toward her chest. Held tightly, his brain quickly over-revved at
the pressure from all directions and the sensation of contact
against his face; the gears whined and shrieked.
A voice arrived at his no doubt burning red left ear from so
close that the lips uttering it were practically touching him. “I
wanted to do this. Ever since I got Chiyuri’s mail telling me you
had had your wings stolen…and that despite that, you were trying
so hard to stand up to your enemy. All this time, I’ve wanted to do
this.”
Kuroyukihime hugged Haruyuki even harder, with a power
that seemed impossible for those thin arms, and whispered in a
trembling voice, “You really did do great. It must have been so
hard…I’m sorry I couldn’t be there for you. I…I’m a failure as a
guardian.”
A hot droplet touched his left cheek with a plop.
Haruyuki opened his eyes. The glossy hair swinging in his field
of vision blurred and mixed with the light. Unconsciously, he
raised his arms and wrapped his hands around her slim waist. He
forced out shudderingly, “M-me, too. I’m sorry for making you
worry.”

“I was worried,” she told him, half shouting, and her shoulders
shook in tiny earthquakes. “I was so worried. I don’t know what I
would’ve done if I had lost you…I was scared. I was really scared!”
Throat blocked, Haruyuki couldn’t say anything more. So he
chanted in his heart earnestly, I’m here. I’ll always be with you.
I’ll never disappear.
For the next minute or two, thin sobs escaped her, but at last,
she took a deep breath and finally relaxed her hold slightly. “I
have to give you your reward,” she said suddenly.
“Huh, re…?” Haruyuki blinked repeatedly.
“You defended wonderfully in the Territories, didn’t you? I
told you, if you ferociously defended Suginami, I would let you
ask me for anything as a reward.”
Having such a thing whispered in his ear, Haruyuki’s consciousness was plunged once again into the red zone.
However…
Rude thoughts like directing with a thirty-centimeter cable or
bathing suit pictures were instantly swept away.
Being here like this right now.
This person continuing to exist for him in this world. What
else could he want?
I’m going to get a lot stronger and someday become a knight
who can protect you from any enemy. So until then, please be by
my side, watching over and guiding me.
The instant he made this wish, his mouth began to move half
automatically.

“Then please be with me.” He gave voice to the feelings welling
up deep in his heart just as they were. “Please be with me forever.
That’s it…That’s all I want.”
Even after you graduate. As my mentor. As my Legion Master. And as my guardian, he was about to add in the back of his
mind when Kuroyukihime’s body, so gentle against Haruyuki’s
head, stiffened intensely with a snap.
She suddenly ended the embrace, dashed back nearly two meters, hit the sofa, and fell onto it. Although her face was kind of a
mess with the tears, she had opened her eyes wide as if she’d forgotten all about that, and was flapping her mouth. Finally, her
face burst into rapid flames from her neck up to her forehead.
Her voice, turned inside out, rang out at a high pitch.
“Wh-wh-wh-what are you even talking about?!”
“Huh? Um, what? I—I. Just. It’s. Nothing.”
Not understanding what was happening, he opened and closed
his own mouth at the same high speed, and after a full ten seconds or so had passed, Kuroyukihime’s face started to return to
its usual paleness, from the top to the bottom. Haaah. Letting
loose a very long sigh, she shook her head back and forth repeatedly.
“Understood,” she murmured suddenly. She stood and walked
over to Haruyuki once more, placing her right hand on his head.
“I promise you. I will be by your side. Forever and into the future.”
So said Kuroyukihime, brushing aside her hair, the biggest
smile slipping onto her lips.

12
“Arita, hit me!! Please, hit me!!” The shaved head in front of him
cried for the nth time as it was thrust forward.
The owner of both head and voice was Ishio from the basketball team, the same student who had called Haruyuki up to the
roof a few days earlier and punched him.
“N-no, it’s fine. I get it.” Haruyuki also repeated the same
words for the nth time as he desperately looked for a way out.
But the place was the teacher’s podium in grade eight, class C,
the time Monday morning homeroom, and with forty students
filling the room on his right, there was no escape route. On top of
that, his homeroom teacher was standing on the other side of
Ishio, arms crossed with a meek look on his face. So this was what
it meant to have your back pushed against the wall.
Ishio brought his face even closer and, making an upsidedown V of his eyebrows, argued vehemently, “No! I’ll never forgive myself unless you hit me!! I just jumped to the conclusion
that you were the one who tried to take the secret video, even
though I had no proof of that. And on top of that, I even hit you!
Seriously, the school should be kicking me out or something! But
you didn’t say anything to the teacher. I can’t leave things like
this!!”
Then go and hit yourself! Haruyuki yelled inwardly and, looking for rescue, glanced at Chiyuri and then Takumu. But the two
merely grinned. They were thoroughly enjoying this. That the “secret camera incident,” in which a small digital camera had been
discovered in a locker in the girls’ shower room, had reached this

sudden turn was all due to Kuroyukihime.
The strategy she had implemented with the skill and sagacity
of nothing other than a networking wizard was simple and immediately effective. She had slipped into the school’s lost and found
list a record with the exact same manufacturer, product number,
and serial number as the discovered camera.
Naturally, Haruyuki asked if it was okay for her to do that, but
Kuroyukihime was quick to reply that a camera that had, from
the start, had nothing to do with him would now have even less to
do with him.
When even the serial numbers matched, there could be no
room to doubt that that camera was actually one that had turned
up lost two years earlier. And Haruyuki hadn’t been at the school
two years earlier. The suspicion that he had set it up and turned it
on was instantly erased. The moment Sugeno made this announcement during homeroom, Ishio had stood up and dragged
Haruyuki in front of the podium—and that was how he ended up
in this situation now.
“C’mon, hit me! Please!” Ishio shouted again.
Haruyuki stared, groaning in his heart, You’re saying all this
here, but you know, the classroom is totally covered by social
cameras. You’re just making new proof that you broke the
school rules. And you, Sugeno! You should be stopping him! Why
are you just watching with that weird look?!
But Ishio seemed to already be resolved not to shut it down
unless Haruyuki threw a punch at him.
Swallowing a sigh, Haruyuki whispered, “O-okay, if it’s not
your face. Your stomach.” And from this angle, the cameras
won’t pick up a body blow, he added to himself mentally.
Ishio grinned broadly, as if delighted, and got up with an “All

right!”
Carefully measuring the visual field of the cameras, Haruyuki
clenched his right hand. He launched an awkward punch, and his
round fist slammed into toned stomach muscles and bounced
back.
After a momentary grimace, Ishio was quick to grin again.
“You’re a good guy,” he said, and returned to his seat.
The punch hadn’t even been close to payback, although
Haruyuki had put pretty much all he had into it. Grumbling in his
mind, he heaved a sigh of relief and also went to sit down.
“Arita.” He heard Sugeno’s solemn voice from behind. “I’m really sorry. Come and hit me, too! It’s okay!”
Give me a break!! Haruyuki yelled, not quite out loud.
However…
This did not bring the whole matter to a conclusion. A bigger
and much weightier task still awaited Haruyuki: the negotiations
with Seiji Nomi. Until he took care of the secret video of the
shower room that Nomi had saved, Haruyuki wouldn’t be able to
attend school with any kind of peace of mind.
It was no sooner lunch break than he was headed up to the
third floor, where the seventh-grade classrooms were. He waited
near the stairs, and a few minutes after he arrived, he saw the familiar longish hair in a group that was no doubt headed toward
the lounge. Seiji Nomi was walking with several classmates, chatting cheerfully. As they approached, Haruyuki’s palms started to
sweat and his heart raced.
Three days ago, I fought the ultimate battle with this guy, all
our hatred going up against each other. And I mercilessly took
his Brain Burst. I completely wiped out the power of accelera-

tion when he was so fixated on it.
Nomi grew steadily closer as these thoughts raced through
Haruyuki’s mind. He batted eyelashes long like a girl’s, and his
eyes caught sight of Haruyuki standing in a corner of the hallway.
And then he passed right on by.
Haruyuki stopped breathing. He had been expecting to be
glared at or cursed out, but to be ignored…
No, this was different from being ignored. It was almost like
Nomi didn’t know him. As if he were just another student at the
same school, one of hundreds.
Haruyuki unconsciously took a step forward and called out to
Nomi as he passed. “Uh, um!”
Stopping and looking at Haruyuki again, Nomi cocked his
head with a puzzled look on his face.
“Um…Nomi…right?”
“Mm-hmm. Did you need something?”
What? What is going on?
Working hard to contain his confusion, Haruyuki moved his
mouth stiffly. “Um, I, uh, wanted to talk to you.”
A suspicious look came over the other boy’s face again, and
then Nomi turned to his friends and told them to go on ahead to
the cafeteria. He looked once again at Haruyuki.
“What is it?”
“Uh…umm…”
It didn’t seem like an act. The small-statured freshman before

him was simply staring curiously at the upperclassman who had
called out to stop him. There was not a trace of any other emotion
on his neat features.
No way. Is it a different person? Like his twin brother or
something? Haruyuki thought, and figured he might as well introduce himself.
“Um, I’m Arita. Eighth grade. Haruyuki Arita.”
Nomi didn’t even twitch an eyebrow. “…Arita.” Frowning, he
had the air of trying to remember something. “Oh, oh, right.
We’ve played that net game together.”
“…Th-that’s…right.”
Weird. Something is totally, incredibly weird.
Looking up at Haruyuki standing there, Seiji Nomi appeared
to be searching his memory even more intently. He said:
“Let’s see…That game…What was it called again…”
The awesome terror Haruyuki felt in that instant was, without
doubt, the greatest fear he’d felt since becoming a Burst Linker.
Horrified cold shivers, fiercer than when he had faced Chrome
Disaster and the Armor of Catastrophe, fiercer than when Dusk
Taker had stolen his wings, raced up his spine in great numbers.
His memory’s gone!
He could no longer believe it was anything else. By some
means or another, essentially all memories relating to Brain
Burst had been erased from the mind of Seiji Nomi.
He didn’t remember. Not that he had been the “marauder”
Dusk Taker. Not the desperate battles he had fought against

Haruyuki and his friends. Not even the existence of the Accelerated World.
Taking some cue from the expression on Haruyuki’s face,
Nomi smiled as if troubled. “Oh, did you maybe come to invite me
to play? I’m sorry, but I don’t really have much interest in net
games anymore.”
Haruyuki could only stare at the lowerclassman and the seemingly sincere look of apology on his face.
Immediately before the suspicion took back control of Nomi’s
face, Haruyuki forced himself to smile and made his mouth move.
“Oh. You don’t? Then…that’s okay. Um, and that video of mine…”
“What? Video? I’m sorry, what was it again?”
“Nah, sorry. It’s nothing.”
When Haruyuki shook his head shortly, Nomi smiled again
and bowed his own neatly. “It is? Well, then I’ll be on my way.”
And then the boy formerly known as Dusk Taker whirled his
lithe body around and hurried down the hallway until he disappeared from view.
Reeling backward a few steps, Haruyuki leaned a back covered
in cold sweat up against the wall of the hallway and closed his
eyes tightly.
Former acceleration users are no longer able to interfere in
the Accelerated World in any way.
Haruyuki now finally understood what the mysterious avatar
Black Vise had meant. Burst Linkers who lost Brain Burst lost all
memories relating to the Accelerated World. Thus, they can do
nothing. They don’t try to do anything.
Having pushed his actual brother, his own guardian, into a

forced uninstall, Seiji Nomi would have known this fact. The moment his avatar had scattered in the moonlit field, he had even
acknowledged it. That his own memories would disappear. That
even the idea “former Burst Linker” would be gone from his own
awareness.
“This is…This…,” Haruyuki muttered, face pale in front of a
seventh-grade classroom, and the students stared at him curiously.
After school.
At the usual table in the cafeteria lounge, Haruyuki related his
discovery to Takumu and Kuroyukihime. There wasn’t another
soul around.
Even just explaining it, he was forced to feel that fear again.
He was anxious that maybe the Brain Burst program was monitoring every word he spoke, and the instant it detected key words
like uninstall, memory, and erase, Haruyuki’s own memories
would be purged.
Thus, after making them all take off their Neurolinkers,
Haruyuki told the story like a tongue twister. Even after they had
heard everything, his audience of two didn’t speak for a while.
After a full thirty seconds or so of silence, Kuroyukihime lifted
her teacup and wet her lips before almost whispering, “You both
must have thought it strange. How could the existence of the Accelerated World continue to be so perfectly hidden like this over
seven and a half years?”
“…Yeah.” Haruyuki nodded sharply. “If it were me, and I lost
Brain Burst, I’d be a total mess. There’s a pretty good chance I’d
expose everything on the net or to the media and try to bring the
Accelerated World down with me.”
“Hey now, is it all about you?” Kuroyukihime offered a faint,

wry grin and set her cup down before continuing, “But, well,
there are definitely some people who think like that. And some of
them would move from thought to actual action. But for some
reason, no one has. We guessed at several reasons for this. Because without proof, children can say whatever they want and the
media won’t believe them. Because a system deleting all Brain
Burst information has made inroads into every network. And one
reason I’ve heard at the rumor level…” Her black eyes narrowed
sharply. Her voice became even more contained. “Because when
Brain Burst is deleted, it takes your memories with it. But…I
didn’t—no, I couldn’t believe that unless I saw it with my own
eyes. However, here we are…This reason is, in fact, the truth.”
Silence once again.
“But, Master. To begin with, is that even possible?” Takumu
asked in a choked voice. Having come during the break in kendo
practice, he was still in his kendo gear. “I mean, a single application, deleting a user’s—no, a human being’s memory…”
“I have heard that in theory, it’s not impossible,” Kuroyukihime replied, staring at the three devices in the center of the
white table. “Strictly speaking, it isn’t as though the Neurolinker
accesses the brain as a living organism.”
“Huh? Th-then what does it connect with…?” Haruyuki furrowed his brow.
Kuroyukihime shifted her gaze and stared into his eyes with
her own obsidian ones. “I don’t exactly understand it properly
myself. There are these things called microtubules in the cells of
the brain that entrap the light quanta that are the true nature of
human consciousness. The Neurolinker reads the spin and vector
that these quanta store as the data itself and writes over them. At
this level, there’s no difference in the data format, whether it be
sensory or memory information.”
“…So then, in the same way it shows us and makes us feel the

virtual world, the Neurolinker can read our memories and overwrite them…Is that it?” Haruyuki said, almost moaning, and
Kuroyukihime shook her head firmly.
“It’s all hypothetical. And even if this were, in principle, possible, I can’t imagine that a commercial item like the Neurolinker
would be equipped with such a function. I can’t imagine it, but…”
Seiji Nomi has, in fact, lost his memory.
None of them said it out loud, but they were certainly all
thinking it.
“It’s pointless to discuss this any further,” Kuroyukihime said
crisply, after another silence of indeterminate length. “If we want
to know the answers, our only option is to reach level ten and ask
the developer of Brain Burst.”
“I—I guess so. And that was our goal right from the start…”
Nodding, Haruyuki timidly asked Takumu, “So…how’s Nomi
looking?”
“Like a completely regular seventh-grade team member. The
demon’s been exorcised…and I guess that’s it. He’s always been
so cheerful on the surface, so maybe no one other than us will be
able to tell the difference.” After a brief pause, Takumu muttered
hoarsely, “Haru, I can’t help wondering…who’s normal now and
who’s not, us or Nomi…”
“It’s obvious. We’re the not-normal ones.” The immediate response came from Kuroyukihime. Leaning back in her chair, she
crossed her black tights–clad legs neatly, in a gesture that showed
she had completely regained her usual solemnity. The Black King
looked at each of her two subordinates in turn and added with a
daring smile, “However, we chose this path. Yes?”
“Honestly, you’re totally right, Master.” Blinking rapidly,
Takumu laughed quietly. “Yikes! I have to be getting back. Um…

Regarding this and Chi…”
“Mmm. For the time being, we’ll keep this to ourselves.”
Bowing neatly, Takumu got up from his seat and plucked the
blue Neurolinker off the table before he trotted away, wide black
hakama pants swinging.
Once they could no longer see him, Kuroyukihime stared at
Haruyuki. “Even if I lose Brain Burst, even if all my memories of
the Accelerated World are wiped away,” she whispered, “you
alone I won’t forget. I definitely won’t forget you.”
Feeling a sudden tightness in his chest, Haruyuki earnestly returned her words. “I know. Me neither. I won’t forget. Just you at
least.”
“Mmm. I believe you.” Grinning, Kuroyukihime nodded exaggeratedly. “Now then, does this mean that this series of incidents
is at an end?”
Haruyuki hesitated briefly and then shook his head slowly
from side to side. “No. I still have one more promise to keep.”
“Oh? What’s that?” She cocked her head to one side.
“Please.” Haruyuki bowed his head deeply. “Take me to meet
with the person who lent me her wings…Sky Raker.”
Five PM.
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime walked out through the gates of
Umesato Junior High together. Wordlessly, they strode along
Oume Kaido and turned to the north midway along it. When they
reached a narrow road, they headed for Koenji Station.
Kuroyukihime had sent a text mail, after a fair bit of hesitation, and the response had come ten minutes later. Just two lines

of characters specifying a time and a place.
To go to this meeting place—the Southern Terrace at the south
exit of Shinjuku Station—the pair boarded the Chuo Line at the
station. Kuroyukihime was entirely silent. Haruyuki couldn’t even
begin to guess at the sort of thoughts going through her mind.
Now that he had his flying ability back, he needed to return
the Enhanced Armament, the Gale Thruster, to Sky Raker. That
was the promise he had made to her. But Haruyuki had thoughtlessly forgotten to ask for a way to contact her in the real world.
Thus, he had asked Kuroyukihime, who probably knew an anonymous address at least.
Strictly speaking, he also had the option of asking Sky Raker’s
child, Ash Roller, again. However, he had dared to choose to rely
on Kuroyukihime. And when she had announced that she was
going home, he had pushed even further and gotten her to come
with him.
The momentary look on Sky Raker’s face the morning she had
given him the Enhanced Armament was burned vividly into his
memory. She had lost friendships to her foolishness—that’s what
the recluse of the Accelerated World had told Haruyuki.
He had absolutely no idea what had happened between her
and Kuroyukihime, so maybe he had no right to say anything, no
right to do anything. But he thought about it like this: Even supposing the friendship was really lost, was there any reason why
they couldn’t get it back again? After all, they both remembered
each other. So many memories, all the times they had fought together, were etched into their hearts. Those memories had to still
connect them.
The train slid smoothly into the platform. Haruyuki and
Kuroyukihime took the escalator up with the many other riders
and stepped out through the south exit opening up before them.
Shinjuku Southern Terrace was an enormous, pyramid-shaped,

multilevel shopping center. They slipped through the bustling
groups of shoppers and got on the central escalator.
Kuroyukihime, as before, said nothing.
I should probably say something. I definitely should,
Haruyuki thought, but could say nothing.
The giant flight of automatic stairs passed splashy panels of
advertising as it carried the two upward until finally, they arrived
at the peak of the pyramid. The open terrace on the top floor was
a hundred meters above the ground. Of course, this was still no
match for the surrounding skyscrapers, but it offered a clear view
of the Shinjuku Station terminal, the countless rows of tracks,
and the trains of many colors coming and going there. The
evenings being still chilly, the breezy place held very few people.
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime moved to the northernmost railing and looked out at the evening scene below as they waited for
the appointed time.
Five thirty PM.
The sound of small footsteps clacking reached Haruyuki’s ears
from behind. He took a deep breath and turned around. As did
Kuroyukihime, after a slight pause.
Against the reddish-purple clouds, she was there, smiling. Her
long, soft hair fluttered in the breeze. The hem of her uniform
skirt flicked up, and she held it down with a pale hand. Legs
wrapped in thigh-high stockings, she took another step.
Sky Raker, the recluse living in the old Tokyo Tower, a member of the first Nega Nebulus, and level-eight Burst Linker,
turned first to Haruyuki. “Good evening, Corvus.” And then she
turned her gaze on Kuroyukihime next to him. The color of her
smile changed slightly. “Good evening, Lotus.”

Several emotions wrestled in his heart, and Haruyuki could do
nothing but lower his head deeply. However, a smile very similar
to Sky Raker’s rose up to Kuroyukihime’s lips. “It’s been a while,
Raker.”
“…It really has. Three years in the real world. In the Accelerated World…I don’t know anymore how long it’s been.”
“Ages.”
They both laughed lightly and drew no closer to each other.
“Um…Raker. I’m returning them…Your wings.”
Sky Raker nodded gently, a kind smile on her face. “So you got
them back, hmm? Your silver wings—no, your hope.”
“I did. All of it. Thanks to you.” And then Haruyuki pulled
from his pocket the XSB cable he had come prepared with and
stuck one end in his own Neurolinker before holding out the
other end. Sky Raker accepted it and connected it without hesitation to her own Neurolinker.
The retransfer of the Enhanced Armament through a direct
duel took place quickly, without a word of conversation. The
transfer request window was opened and the request accepted;
the draw application was similarly submitted and accepted. At
that point, it was Burst Out.
When they returned to the real world after a moment, the Gale
Thruster was back with its original owner. Plucking the cable out,
Sky Raker handed it to Haruyuki and smiled once again. “I have
it now…so then, I’ll be on my way.” She looked at Kuroyukihime
and bowed lightly.
After taking one, two steps, servo motors whining faintly, Sky
Raker moved her lips slightly. “Corvus. I know you will be able to
fly up to the heights I couldn’t reach. I’ll be rooting for you…Good

luck.” She grinned and turned around, leaving a quick wink in her
wake. She walked off with a sure step.
But Haruyuki definitely saw it.
A small drop of light spilling from her quickly blinking eyes,
tracing out a silver trajectory in the air.
Bag dangling from the hands behind her back, Sky Raker grew
distant on sure feet. Under the night sky, her figure gradually became a silhouette.
Abruptly, the until now completely silent Kuroyukihime took a
few steps forward, almost staggering. But she stopped just ahead
of Haruyuki and clenched both fists, as if she were trying to endure something.
Kuroyukihime.
Kuroyukihime!! Haruyuki shouted in his heart. Please,
Kuroyukihime. She’s waiting for you to say something. She’s
waiting for your hand. So, come on…
Come on!
Haruyuki squeezed out every ounce of his will and pushed at
Kuroyukihime’s back in front of him, without moving his hands.
Instantly.
She ran forward another few steps.
“Raker!!” Kuroyukihime shouted in a clear voice. The receding
back shuddered and stopped. Kuroyukihime took a deep breath,
shoulders shaking, and yelled once more. “Come home, Fuko! I
need you!!”
Sky Raker dropped her head deeply. Her left leg started to take

another step forward. But then stopped. Almost as if the CPU
controlling the artificial leg were fighting against its owner’s orders. As if it had a spirit and was following its own heart. Bit by
small bit, the leg was pulled back.
Ever so slowly, Sky Raker turned around. She moved her lips
and uttered in the faintest voice, “Sach.” And then a silent question. Are you sure?
Kuroyukihime nodded firmly and shouted again, “Fuko!”
The girls began to run toward each other. They tossed their
bags aside at the same time. Kuroyukihime was the slightly faster
of the two, but Sky Raker had her arms out to catch her. She embraced the somewhat shorter girl with black hair, and the girl
called “Fuko” twisted her face up sharply.
Large tears spilled over her cheeks. “Unh…Unhaaah…” Almost
as if from the moment she had appeared on this terrace—no, as if
she had been holding her heart back all the way from back when
she went to live in seclusion on the old Tokyo Tower, Sky Raker
buried her face in Kuroyukihime’s hair and released all that
buried emotion.
“Aah…Aaaaaaah!” Haruyuki could hear the quiet cries of
Kuroyukihime mixed in with that sobbing voice.
Unable to watch the incredibly beautiful, incredibly precious
sight any longer, Haruyuki turned his face upward to keep his
own tears from spilling out.
In the middle of the sky, stretching out endlessly as it turned
from blue to madder red, a plane flying far, far above drew out a
thin trail of white clouds and glittered brightly.
END

AFTERWORD
Reki Kawahara here. Thank you for picking up my first book of
this year.
And here it is, 2010. It’s just too far in the future. I’m a bit
stunned. It’s an everyday thing for us that all these exist now, but
when I was a kid, things like SD memory cards, Blu-ray discs, and
touch-panel cell phones were straight out of science fiction. Incidentally, the first HDD I bought had a capacity of twenty
megabytes, but apparently, this spring, an SD card with sixty-four
gigabytes is going on sale…
These days, I’m feeling like I can’t keep up with advances in
technology, but since a full-dive-type VR machine doesn’t seem
likely to show up any time soon, I’m thinking I’ll just keep trying
until then. My dream is to become a net game wreck in my old
age, so I hope you’ll manage something by then, please, all you
manufacturers out there.
Now, here we come to our usual apology corner.
I am so sorry for ending the previous book, The Twilight Marauder, on such an incredibly terrible note! The biggest reason
for having that kind of ending was simply because it wasn’t finished, but you could say it was also the tiniest bit on purpose.
For a long time, I’ve been vaguely dissatisfied with the pages
in a book. As you read, the number of pages gradually decreases,
and whether you like it or not, this phenomenon communicates
the information, “Once you read this much, it’ll be over.” Taking
movies as an example, it would be like having a bar with the remaining time displayed in the lower right of the screen the whole

time! But maybe my getting stuck on something so matter-of-fact
is just because I’ve been a reader and writer of novels online for
so long. There, you never have any physical sense of when it’s
going to end. (LOL)
Anyway, about all I could think of to avoid the spoiler information coming from the paper book was to make the text smaller
and smaller, or to make the paper gradually thinner, but I was
pretty sure that if I asked my editor to let me do anything like
that, he’d tell me “no way” with a smile and that would be the end
of that. So I tried something relatively more practical: not ending
the book.
I’m sure that those of you who read the third volume without
any prior information were probably outraged when you got to
the last page, and no doubt felt a certain amount of surprise. If
that was indeed the case, my objective was achieved. Of course,
splitting a story into two books without any forewarning is nothing other than a kind of betrayal, so I apologize humbly and sincerely. I really am terribly sorry! Apologies! I won’t do it again!
Probably!
And having written this far, I feel like this afterword won’t fit
in the usual two pages. So we’ll take a serious turn and continue
into the excuses corner.
Although the end of this volume does mention that the quanta
inside microtubules in the brain create human consciousness,
this is in fact a complete fabrication I made up from the words of
the very real theory of quantum mind. The actual quantum mind
theory is a totally different thing and exceedingly difficult, which
means I can’t understand a word of it. For those of you who are
interested in the subject, a man called Roger Penrose has written
a book on the topic, so please read that. And then please break it
down and quietly explain it to me. (LOL)
And one more thing. Another new female character has arrived on the scene, but I’m sure you’ve all already given up in this

regard! Right?! I, too, have given up, and Kuroyukihime must
have also given up…
I am indebted once again to illustrator HIMA, who designs at
minimum one new female character for me in every volume! And
I once again deeply and unconscionably inconvenienced my editor, Miki, by being later than late with my manuscript. At a meeting we had the other day, Miki’s head looked newly neat, so I
said, “Oh, you cut your hair,” and he said, “I finally got the time to
go get it cut.” I was honestly touched by that. I hope we can enjoy
working together again this year as well! (That said, at the present moment, I’m already ten minutes past the deadline for this
afterword…)
And in conclusion, I would ask that all of you who have read
my books would continue to join me this year as well!
I wish you all a wonderful 2010.
Reki Kawahara
December 15, 2009

