1
The yellow message light blinked in the top right corner of the
virtual blackboard.
Haruyuki, who had drifted off during class, shifted the focus of
both his eyes, pulling his neck back automatically. As he did, the
deep green of the blackboard filling his field of vision faded suddenly to translucency, and the figure of the teacher standing beyond the orderly rows of student backs became clear.
The classroom, his classmates, and the teacher were all real,
but the transparent blackboard and the closely packed equations
on it were not. The Neurolinker around the back of Haruyuki’s
neck projected the numbers and symbols the teacher wrote in the
air directly into his brain.
The math teacher, a man in his early forties, continued with
his whispered explanation of one formula while running an
empty hand along a blackboard only he could see in areas that
seemed particularly difficult somehow. His voice was nowhere
near loud enough to reach Haruyuki’s ears as actual sound, but
the Neurolinker twined around the teacher’s neck amplified and
clarified it, conveying it to Haruyuki.
When Haruyuki brought his gaze back in, the blackboard materialized once again, covered in even more equations than before. It seemed unlikely that the message he had received was a
compressed file sent by the teacher packing up today’s homework. And given that he was separated from the global net right
now, that meant the sender had to be another student in his
school.

In the six months since he’d started junior high, Haruyuki had
long abandoned the hope that one of the girls might have broken
school rules to send him a friendly message. He desperately
wanted to drop the message unopened in the trash in the lower
left corner of his eyeline, but if he did that, he’d have no idea what
was going to happen to him later.
Reluctantly, taking advantage of the teacher’s turned back, he
raised his right hand in the air (this action was real rather than
virtual) and clicked on the mail icon with the tip of his finger.
In an instant, bubibaborububiru, a sound without any actual
character, and graphics like a flood of primary colors assaulted
Hiroyuki’s senses. Then the real message played—not text, but
voice.
Piggy, today’s command order! (Several voices laughing gleefully in the background.) Bring two yakisoba buns, one cream
melon bun, and three strawberry yogurts to the roof five minutes after lunch starts! If you’re late, it’s pork bun punishment
for you! And if you squeal, it’s the pork roast punishment! Got
it?! (Another explosion of laughter.)
Haruyuki mustered every ounce of willpower to fix his neck in
place and not look in the direction of the eyes he could feel burning a hole through his left cheek. He knew he’d only be even more
humiliated by the sneers of Araya and his underlings A and B if
he allowed himself a glance.
Since you obviously couldn’t record messages like this during
class or add in these kinds of visual and auditory effects, the message had to have been prepared in advance. Those guys had too
much free time on their hands. And then that “command order”
stuff! Totally redundant! Idiots! Complete morons!
Although he could curse them out in his head, Haruyuki
couldn’t even answer this message, much less utter his curses out
loud. Because if Araya was an idiot the likes of a cockroach, inde-

structible no matter how the world moved forward, Haruyuki was
an even bigger idiot for being bullied by him. If he possessed even
the tiniest bit of courage or the ability to act, it’d be an easy thing
to submit the several dozen messages he’d saved, including this
one, to the school as evidence and get those guys in trouble.
But Haruyuki inevitably ended up thinking about what would
come after that.
People could talk all they wanted about how half of our lives
were lived in the virtual network now that Neurolinkers were so
ubiquitous that basically everyone in the country had one, but in
the end, human beings only existed according to the lowest common denominators chaining them to their flesh-and-blood bodies. Three times a day, you get hungry; you go to the toilet; if you
get hit, it hurts, and you cry as a consequence. It’s all so miserable
you could die.
Linker skills determining which school you went to and how
far you made it in the world, these were nothing more than the
enormous network industry’s branding strategies. What determined the value of a human being at the end of the day were simply the primitive parameters of appearance and physical strength.
This was the conclusion Haruyuki reached at the age of thirteen,
having reached sixty kilos when he was in fifth grade and never
having run a fifty-meter dash in less than ten seconds.
He was forced to spend the five hundred yen his mother
charged to his Neurolinker in the morning for lunch money to
buy buns and yogurt for Araya and the rest, and still he ran over
budget. He had a little of the seven thousand yen saved up from
his allowance, all the money he had in the world, but if he spent
that now, he wouldn’t be able to buy the Linker game coming out
later that month.
Haruyuki’s ample build got terrible mileage. If he skipped just
one meal, he ended up dizzy with hunger. Even so, he had no
choice but to suffer through it today. At least he still had one trick

to get through the day, a full dive, only allowed during lunch.
Sucking in his round body as far as it would go, Haruyuki
headed for the second school building, which held nothing but
special classrooms. And because everything from science experiments to home ec cooking classes were conducted virtually now,
the building no longer served any purpose, and few people went
near it. Particularly during lunch, the place was devoid of students.
Haruyuki’s special hiding place was the boys’ washroom in one
corner of the dusty hallway. Trudging into this refuge, he stopped
with a sigh and looked at the mirror above the sink.
Staring back at him from the cloudy glass was the fat bullied
kid, so hopelessly clichéd that if this were a TV show, people
would roll their eyes at the stereotype. His hair had a strong will
of its own, springing up here and there, and the curves of his
cheeks held not even a hint of definition. His uniform tie and silver Neurolinker were eaten up by his flabby neck as if they were a
tightening noose.
There was a time when he’d tried to do something about his
appearance, when he pushed himself hard, practically giving up
eating and forcing himself to go running. But the result of that effort was that he collapsed during lunch from anemia and ended
up with the lunches of several female students, a now-legendary
story that haunted him. Ever since, Haruyuki had been determined to ignore his real self—at least while he was a student.
He yanked his eyes away from the mirror and moved farther
into the washroom, entering the private stall at the end. He made
sure the door was locked and sat on the toilet with the lid down.
The creaking and squeaking of the plastic under his body were
old friends. He leaned back against the tank, relaxed, and closed
his eyes. He chanted the magical incantation to release his soul
from this cumbrous form:

“Direct link.”
Receiving his voice command, the Neurolinker moved up from
audiovisual mode to full sensory mode on the quantum connection level, and the weight and the sense of hunger strangling his
stomach disappeared from Haruyuki’s body.
The hardness of the toilet seat and the tightness of his school
uniform were also gone. The laughing voices of students echoing
in the distant schoolyard, the scent of cleansers filling the washroom, and even the featureless door in front of him melted into
inky darkness and disappeared. Full dive.
Even his sense of gravity was severed, and Haruyuki plunged
into the darkness.
Soon, however, his entire body was enveloped by a gentle
floating feeling and rainbow-colored lights. The avatar he used
during full dives began forming from the tips of his hands and
feet.
Black, hoof-shaped hands and feet. Plump limbs and a balllike torso a vibrant peach-pink. He couldn’t see them, but he
should also have had a flat noise protruding from the center of his
face and large ears hanging down. In short, he was a pink pig.
Wearing this ridiculous avatar, he dropped down with a thud
in the middle of a fairy-tale forest in the Ministry of Education’s
recommended design.
Giant mushrooms grew everywhere, and in the center of a
patch of grass framed in a circle of light from the particularly
bright sun, a crystalline spring bubbled up from the ground. On
its outer edge, enormous, hollow trees formed a circle and towered over the area. The inside of each tree was divided up into
several levels you could use to chat or play, connected by stairs.
This virtual space was the in-school local net for Umesato Junior
High School, a private institution in Suginami City, Tokyo.

The majority of other figures passing through the forest or
laughing in groups of twos and threes were, like Haruyuki, also
not human. Roughly half were silly animals walking on two legs,
while the rest were fairies with wings sprouting from their backs
(although they couldn’t actually fly), tin robots, or robed mages.
All were avatars of Umesato Junior High students and teachers
diving in the local net.
Students could choose from a wide selection of base avatar
forms and customize them. If you had the patience, you could
also construct a completely original avatar from scratch, taking
advantage of the editor provided. The result was ultimately a
combination of the technology available and taste of a junior high
school student, but even so, the black knight avatar Haruyuki created and unveiled in April had garnered a lot of attention.
…The sad majesty of that avatar. Sighing, Haruyuki glanced
down at his current form. In the blink of an eye, Araya had ripped
off his black knight avatar and forced him to use this default pig.
Obviously, in terms of originality, this pink pig could not be
beat. No one else would make such a deliberately masochistic
choice. Desperately sucking in his round body just like he did in
the real world, Haruyuki set his sights on a single tree and headed
out at a trot.
As he did, he noticed an unusually large throng of people gathered beside the spring at the heart of the forest. Casting his eyes
in that direction as he ran, Haruyuki slowed his pace unconsciously. In the middle of the ring of students, he spotted a marvelously rare avatar, the kind you hardly ever see.
It wasn’t pulled from the default settings. She wore a jet-black
dress studded with transparent jewels. In her hand, a folded
black parasol. On her back, the wings of a spangled butterfly shot
through with rainbow-colored lines. With a face white like snow
framed by long, straight hair, the avatar was so perfectly gorgeous, it was hard to believe it was handmade. The design skill in-

volved was beyond anything Haruyuki could ever have hoped to
achieve. It could easily have passed for a pro’s work.
Haruyuki knew the girl. Her slender body leaning casually
against a giant mushroom, a weary expression on her face as she
attended to the compliments of the avatars surrounding her, she
was in eighth grade and the vice president of the student council.
This shockingly beautiful form was for all intents and purposes a
flawless re-creation of her real-world body, thus her nickname:
Kuroyukihime.
That a creature like this and someone like Haruyuki could
share even the single commonality of both being students at
Umesato seemed impossible to him. Just turning his virtual gaze
on her, Haruyuki felt the awareness of his diminutive stature that
tortured his consciousness swell unpleasantly, and he forced himself to focus the path in front of him again.
The destination he was barreling toward at full speed was a
large tree with recreation rooms inside. It was basically an arcade, but naturally, there were absolutely no commercial games
like RPGs or war games or such. It was all educational stuff, like
quizzes or puzzles or wholesome sports games, but even so, a
number of students gathered in groups in every corner, laughing
and chatting.
All of them were on full dives from their own desks or the cafeteria. During the dive, their flesh-and-blood bodies were left defenseless, but messing with people in the middle of a dive was a
clear violation of etiquette, so no one besides Haruyuki worried
about it. He had returned to his classroom after a dive in the local
net to find the pants on his uniform pulled down maybe a month
or so after school started.
Hiding his flesh body in the toilet and wanting to avoid other
eyes even in the virtual world, he started climbing the stairs
carved into the tree that was his destination. The higher he
climbed, the less popular the games. After passing baseball, bas-

ketball, golf, and tennis, and even ignoring the Ping-Pong floor,
he finally arrived at the virtual squash corner.
There wasn’t a single student in the room. The reason for the
floor’s lack of popularity was clear. Squash is sort of like tennis,
but you hit the ball with a racquet in a space enclosed from top to
bottom and on all sides by hard walls. The ball bounces back, and
the player silently returns it over and over. It was a thoroughly
lonely sport.
In reality, Haruyuki liked first-person shooter games the best,
the kind where players run around a battlefield carrying a machine gun, and in those games, he was good enough to hold his
own against guys in the states (the home of the FPS). It was also a
popular genre in Japan, of course, but there was no way something like that would be available on the school network. When he
was in elementary school, Haruyuki had killed pretty much all of
the guys in his class with a single handgun, and from the next day
on, he had been bullied mercilessly. Ever since, Haruyuki had
promised himself he would never again play the same games as
the kids at school, no matter the genre.
He walked over to the right edge of the deserted court and
held up the control panel with one hand. The panel accessed
Haruyuki’s student ID number and retrieved his saved level and
high scores. Since the middle of the first term, he had been killing
time here during his lunch hour, focusing exclusively on this
game. As a result, he’d achieved a staggeringly high score. He was
actually getting tired of squash, but it wasn’t like he had anywhere else to go.
Haruyuki grabbed the racquet that popped up from the panel
and held it firmly in his pink right hand with its black hoof. After
the words GAME START appeared, a ball dropped down out of
nowhere. He hit it with everything he had, pouring every ounce of
today’s misery into the racquet.
Thk! Leaving a momentary flash, the ball flew up like a laser

and struck the floor and the forward wall before returning. Aided
by reflex more than sight, Haruyuki returned the ball with a backhand, taking a step to the left in line with the optimal solution to
which his brain automatically guided him.
The real Haruyuki obviously could not move like this. But this
was an electronic world, free of the chains of meatspace. Watching the ball and moving his body were just quantum signals traveling back and forth between his brain and the Neurolinker.
The ball abruptly lost its substance, leaving nothing but a faint
trace of light on the court. The thwack it made sounded several
times a second, echoing like a machine gun. Still, Haruyuki made
his pig’s body leap and dance and his racket sing in every direction.
Dammit, who needs reality anyway?
The scream of resentment pierced the back of his brain, unable to shut out his problems even while tackling the game at top
speed.
Why do we need dumb stuff like a real classroom or a real
school? People can live entirely virtually already. I mean, the
world stinks with grown-ups actually doing just that. So much
so that they even did those experiments way back when, where
they turned a person’s entire consciousness into quantum data
and tried to build a real parallel universe.
And yet despite all that, they toss groups of us kids into reallife cages to learn group life and develop some kind of morals, or
for whatever other idiotic reasons they have. All well and good
for Araya and them, probably helps them relax a bit and save
their allowances. But for me…I don’t know what else I can do.
A bell sounded, and his game increased a level in the corner of
his vision.

The ball accelerated abruptly. The angle of return was also irregular, and the ball came powering along, drawing an arc from
an unexpected direction. Haruyuki’s reaction time gradually
started to lag.
Dammit! I have to accelerate, have to go faster. So fast I can
break through every wall in the virtual world and even the real
world and go somewhere without people! Fast!
The racquet cut through the air with a whoosh. The ball, now
nothing more than a beam of light, grazed Haruyuki’s cheek,
passed behind him, and vanished. The words GAME OVER dropped
down accompanied by a silly, sad trombone sound effect and
bounced around on the court. Without glancing at his blinking
high score, Haruyuki turned back to the panel to restart the
game, head hanging.
At that moment, a voice suddenly rocked Haruyuki’s sacred
hiding place.
“Oh!! So this is where you locked yourself up!!” The screech
was so high-pitched it was like lightning bolts in his ears, or
rather his brain. Stiffening his back with a start, Haruyuki turned
around to find a student avatar in the same animal class as his.
Even so, it didn’t have the slightest bit of the silliness of
Haruyuki’s pig. The slim, supple cat was covered in silver fur
tinged with purple, with blue ribbons tied on one ear and the tip
of her tail. It hadn’t been put together from scratch right from
polygons, but each of the parameters had clearly been tinkered
with.
A touch of anger rose up in her golden eyes, and the cat
opened wide her mouth with its small fangs and cried out again,
“Lately, you’ve just disappeared the whole lunch hour, Haru, so I
came looking for you! Games are great and all, but you don’t have
to play this kind of lame game, you know. You should come and
play with the rest of us!”

“…I can do what I want. Leave me alone.”
Haruyuki tried to leave it at that and return to the court, but
the silver cat stretched her neck out and peered at the GAME OVER
display. “Huh, what’s that…level one fifty-two, score two million
six hundred thirty thousand?! You’re…,” she shouted in an even
higher voice—
Amazing!
Or at least that’s what Haruyuki was briefly, faintly hoping for
when the cat betrayed him abruptly.
“An idiot! What are you even doing, skipping lunch for this?!
Come down right now!!”
“…I don’t want to. There’s still half an hour left for lunch. You
go.”
“Well, if you’re going to be like that, I’ll just have to use force.”
“Go ahead if you can,” Haruyuki answered under his breath
and clenched his racquet tighter.
There was no “collision detection” in avatars in the school network. Under the pretext of preventing improper behavior, students were not permitted to touch the avatars of other students.
So naturally, forcing another person to log out was completely
out of the question.
Sticking her slim tongue out as far as it would go, the cat
avatar shouted, “Link out!”
She disappeared immediately, leaving a swirl of light and a
ringing noise in her wake.
Once the pest had finally gone, Haruyuki blew a vague sadness
out his nose in a short breath. That was when it happened.

An impact, a thud—no gentle love tap—struck his head, and
the surrounding scene faded away. From the other side of the
darkness, the real world returned, a point of light zooming up
around him. Feeling his own weight pressing on him heavily,
Haruyuki blinked frantically and tried to focus his eyes.
He was in the boys’ washroom stall where he’d started. But instead of the blue-gray door that should have been before him,
Haruyuki saw something unexpected.
“You…Wha…?”
Standing, arms crossed and imposing, in front of him was a
lone female student. The ribbon on her blazer was green, showing
that she was in seventh grade just like him.
Her physique was small, weighing in at less than a third of
Haruyuki’s mass. Her short bangs were pulled up to the right and
held there with a blue pin. Her large, asymmetrical eyes—outlined by small, catlike lids—burned with anger, glaring at
Haruyuki.
Her left hand held a small basket while her right was stretched
out directly above Haruyuki’s head and clenched tightly in a fist.
Seeing this, he finally understood why he had been suddenly
yanked out of his full dive. She had punched him with that tiny
fist, and the impact had activated the safety on his Neurolinker,
which had then automatically disconnected.
Normally, the safety was activated when your shoulders were
shaken or someone called out to you in a loud voice, and nervous
girls would set it so that they linked out the second anyone got
within a meter of them. The fact that Haruyuki hadn’t noticed the
intruder until she hit him on the crown of his head was because
he had hidden himself in the toilet stall and dropped the safety to
the lowest level.
“Y-you!!” Haruyuki shouted, stunned, at the only girl in the

school he could talk to without panicking. “What are you doing?!
This is the boys’ toilet! And I locked the door…Are you stupid or
something?!”
“You’re the stupid one,” Chiyuri Kurashima, Haruyuki’s childhood friend, strong enough to climb over the partition wall in the
boys’ toilet still in her skirt, shot back contemptuously as she
slipped a hand behind her to unlock the door.
Bouncing out of the stall with a light movement, she finally
smiled faintly at Haruyuki, who was squinting involuntarily at the
sunlight slipping off her chestnut-colored hair. “Come on, come
out already,” she urged.
“…Fiiiiine.” Swallowing a sigh, Haruyuki yanked himself up,
causing the toilet lid to creak. He followed Chiyuri toward the
door, asking the question nagging at him. “…How’d you know I
was here?”
She didn’t answer right away. “I was on the roof, too. So I followed you,” she informed him briefly after sticking her head out
of the boys’ toilet and checking the situation outside before stealing into the hallway.
Which meant…
“…You saw?” Haruyuki mumbled, arresting the foot that was
about to step out of the washroom.
Chiyuri looked down like she was trying to find the right
words, leaned back against the interior wall, and then finally nodded sharply. “I won’t butt in with them anymore. If that’s what
you want…I don’t have much choice. But you should at least eat.
It’s bad for you not to.” A somehow forced smile graced her face,
and Chiyuri held out the basket in her left hand. “I made you a
lunch. I can’t guarantee it’ll be good, though.”
I’m pathetic, Haruyuki thought.

His own mind, always trying to find something other than pity
in the things Chiyuri said and did, was deeply and unrepairably
pathetic.
Because Chiyuri had a proper boyfriend. Another childhood
friend, the opposite of Haruyuki in every way.
His mouth moved on its own, and Haruyuki heard himself say
in a strangely flat voice, “Leftovers from the one you made for
Taku?”
Chiyuri’s face clouded over abruptly. Unable to see her eyes
under those tightly furrowed brows, Haruyuki dropped his gaze
to the floor of the hallway.
“No. Taku eats the school lunch. This…it’s just sandwiches—
ham and cheese—and potato salad. It’s your favorite, right?”
Haruyuki tried to gently push back the white basket entering
his field of view. But his sluggish, real-world meat body knocked
the basket out of Chiyuri’s hand in a sudden jerk far removed
from his intention. The moment it hit the ground, the lid popped
open, and from inside the light blue parchment paper, neatly triangular sandwiches flew out—one, two—and fell apart.
“Ah!”
Instinctively, he went to apologize, but inside his brain, it was
suddenly hot, and the words he should have uttered refused to
take shape. Unable to even lift his head, he stepped backward,
still staring at the floor, and cried out as he turned aside, “N-no
thanks!!”
He felt the acute desire to log out of this place right away, but
that was clearly impossible. If only he could at least have fled desperately…but his real body was thick and good for nothing; he
couldn’t even escape the small, sobbing voice behind him.

Lower than low, Haruyuki ignored his afternoon classes and the
homeroom that followed, dashing out of the classroom as if fleeing the scene. Banishing from his mind the voice telling him that
he should go wait for Chiyuri outside her classroom two doors
down or at the school gates or somewhere along the road home,
he made a break instead for his other hiding spot, the library.
Spaces like libraries had functionally ceased fulfilling their
original roles long ago. However, there were some grown-ups
who thought that, just like the school itself, paper media was essential to a child’s education, and the walls were lined with the
spines of brand-new books set atop bookcases that could only be
considered a waste of space and resources.
But then, thanks to this attitude, he was guaranteed precious
personal space within the school, so he couldn’t complain. Carrying two or three books for camouflage, he locked himself up in
one of the reading booths along the wall and stuffed his body into
the narrow chair before executing the order for a full dive at a volume just barely loud enough for the Linker to catch.
Precisely because it had only been a few minutes since classes
ended, the school net was deserted. He needed to hole himself up
in his usual refuge while the net was still empty, and he cut
through the grass at top speed to climb the tree building.
Naturally, the virtual squash corner was bare. To be honest, he
would have preferred a bloodstained battle game to this simple
racquet sport to banish the gloominess in his heart, even temporarily, but given that he couldn’t connect to the global net, he
was stuck with the school net and its limited selection of gaming
apps.
Although his hunger was already more than he could bear, he
didn’t feel like going home straightaway. He had no idea what he
should do, what he should say if he ran into Chiyuri on the way
home. Well, first off, he should apologize, but he wasn’t so sure
he could make his mouth do what he wanted it to.

That day, it was just like this.
On the verge of remembering another time a long time ago
when he had made Chiyuri cry like that, Haruyuki shut his eyes
tightly. Keeping them closed, he brought his right hand up to the
control panel and logged in.
Fumbling, he gripped his racquet, changed the orientation of
his body, and faced the court before opening his eyes and trying
to beat back the heaviness in his heart using the ball that dropped
down when—
Haruyuki froze.
The primary colors of the 3-D font in the center of the court
displayed a different number from the one he remembered.
“Level…one sixty-six?!”
More than ten levels higher than the one Haruyuki had
achieved just a few hours earlier.
For a second, he wondered how this could have happened
given that scores are managed by student ID, but he soon figured
it out. Because Haruyuki had been forcibly logged out when
Chiyuri hit him on the head, the game had been disengaged with
him still logged in. So someone could have picked up where he
left off and destroyed his score.
However…
Someone other than him getting a score like this?!
The one thing that had kept Haruyuki’s pride from crumbling
completely was his VR game technique in the full dive environment. Obviously, this didn’t include quiz and board games, where
winning depended on how smart you were, but when it came to
shooters or action or racing games where what mattered was how
fast your reflexes were, it was a point of pride for Haruyuki that

there wasn’t a soul in school who could best him.
But he never made a show of this. Since elementary school,
he’d had it drummed into his head—often painfully—that nothing
good came of making himself conspicuous. Up to now, he’d been
of a mind that he didn’t actually need to confirm his superiority,
but…this awe-inspiring squash score…
Just then.
A voice behind him. Not Chiyuri’s. It was a girl, but her voice
was lower and sounded smooth like silk. “So you’re the one who
got that ridiculous score?”
Turning around trepidatiously, Haruyuki saw: a dress inlaid
with silver in the darkness. An umbrella piercing the floor like a
cane, a sword. Snow-white skin and inky black eyes. Kuroyukihime.
Even though she was an avatar, there was not even the faintest
hint of digital about her appearance, almost a type of extreme
beauty. The most popular person in school moved forward noiselessly. A faint smile playing across her red lips—the only part of
her entire body with any color—Kuroyukihime continued, “Don’t
you want to go further, boy…to accelerate?”
If you do, come to the lounge at lunch tomorrow.
Leaving just these words to linger, Kuroyukihime abruptly
logged out.
The time her avatar had existed in Haruyuki’s field of vision
was likely not even a full ten seconds. The event was just too impossible; he could even have believed it had been a bug on the
local net server or an illusion, but the incredible score still floating above the court was real enough.
Unable to muster up the desire to try for a new high score,

Haruyuki ended his dive and sat in the library reading booth,
staring off into space. Three lines looped endless in his ears.
Kuroyukihime’s tone was not like that of a regular girl their age,
but he didn’t feel it was out of place in the slightest given her incredibly powerful presence. It actually made him see at least part
of the reason she was so tremendously popular, not just with the
boys but with the girls as well.
Haruyuki finally left the school on wobbly legs, his body essentially on autopilot as he made his way home. Had it not been for
the traffic prediction display in the audiovisual mode of his Neurolinker, he likely would’ve been run over at least two or three
times.
When he arrived at his deserted luxury condo in Koenji,
Haruyuki immediately warmed up a frozen pizza, scarfing it
down with a soda. His parents had gotten divorced ages ago, and
though he lived with his mother now, she never got home before
midnight. He only ever saw her when she gave him his lunch
money just as he was about to leave for school.
His once-empty stomach now full of junk food, Haruyuki retreated to his room. Normally, he’d do his routine check on the
global net, run around a battlefield in Europe for a few hours, and
go to bed after giving his all to his homework, but today at least,
he didn’t feel like doing anything. Maybe because too many
things had happened his brain felt heavy, as if it were swollen,
and Haruyuki flopped down onto his bed after taking off his Neurolinker.
His sleep, though, was nothing particularly restful. The sneers
of Araya and his gang, Chiyuri’s tears, and Kuroyukihime’s mysterious words played over and over in his head, turning up in his
dreams, toying with him.
Don’t you want to go further…to accelerate?
The Kuroyukihime in his dream was not her avatar but the ac-

tual vice president of the student council. Even though he had
only ever seen her onstage at school assemblies with an aloof, expressionless look on her face, for some reason in his dream, a
mischievous, almost inviting smile curled up at the corners of her
lips, and she whispered in Haruyuki’s ear. Come here.

2
Right, it was all a dream. Including the meeting on the local net
yesterday, Haruyuki thought as he entered the classroom the
next day (a Wednesday), having come to school with a glum face
as always.
Araya and his thugs kept sending Haruyuki prank mails during a class that was more déjà-vu than anything else. Being
shaken down for lunch two days in a row was a first; the order
was the same yakisoba and cream melon buns as the previous
day. Do they really like them that much? Haruyuki wondered,
closing his mail and rising out of his seat as the lunch bell rang.
Sluggishly, he headed not for the rooftop where Araya had
summoned him but the lounge next to the student cafeteria on
the first floor of the school.
Unlike the closely packed, long, cheap tables that littered the
cafeteria, refined, round white tables were arranged spaciously
around the semicircular lounge. With its unbroken view of the
trees in the courtyard dyed in autumn colors on the other side of
its large window, the lounge was without a doubt the most elegant space at Umesato Junior High School.
Thus, it was an unwritten rule that grade-seven students were
not allowed to use it. The ribbons and neckties of the students
gathered around the tables were all blue (grade eight) or dark red
(grade nine), with not a spot of green to be found.
Half of the students were laughing and chatting with cups of
coffee or tea in one hand while the other half, eyes closed, had entrusted their bodies to the tall-backed chairs. They weren’t sleep-

ing; they were on full dives in the school net.
Haruyuki first hid his large body awkwardly behind the decorative plant at the entrance to the lounge and peered around the
room. He half believed she would totally not be there because the
thing yesterday was a dream…but…
“…She’s here…”
He gulped down air unconsciously. At a table by the window in
the very back of the lounge was gathered a particularly conspicuous group. Six students, grades eight and nine, comprised the assemblage, and when he really rubbed his eyes and looked,
Haruyuki found that he knew all their faces. Likely all student
council members. Each of them, boy and girl, was comely in a different way.
Among them, the one with the strongest presence was a girl
with a blue ribbon wearily flipping the pages of a hardcover book.
Her straight hair, nearly down to her waist, was a jet black rarely
seen these days, while the legs peeking out from her dark gray
pleated skirt were wrapped in similarly black tights. For some
reason, even the open-collared shirt under her blazer was a brilliant black. No mistake, this was the most popular girl at Umesato
Junior High: Kuroyukihime.
If you moved in a straight line, the table in the back was probably no more than twenty meters from the lounge entrance. But
to Haruyuki, the distance might as well have been infinite. There
was absolutely no way he could undertake the hazardous journey
of cutting through the seniors to get there.
Do a right about-face and get out of here. Buy the bread and
the yogurt at the cafeteria counter, and take it to Araya and
them on the roof. Then hide out in the toilet in the second school
building and kill some empty hours in a single-player game on
the local net.

Shit. Dammit. I’ll go.
Clenching his teeth, Haruyuki came out from behind the plant
and stepped into the lounge.
It was no persecution complex; the eyes of the seniors gathered around the tables definitely held hints of reproach and displeasure. He might have gotten a pass if he had just started
school or something, but halfway through the second term, he
should have been fully aware of the rule that grade-sevens were
not allowed.
Fortunately, no one raised their voice in reproach against him.
He intently carried his heavy body forward on trembling legs,
slipping through the tables, breathing becoming faint, until he finally arrived at the very back table the student council members
were occupying.
The first to raise her face was an eighth-grade girl sitting in the
very front. Tilting her head and causing ripples in her light hair,
she turned a smiling, slightly puzzled face toward Haruyuki and
said gently, “Oh…did you need something?”
Unable to get a yes out, Haruyuki mumbled, “Er…um…uh…”
At that moment, four of the other council members looked
over at Haruyuki. Their faces contained no malice, but the displeased looks from around the table were hard to handle. Just
when he was about to pass out from sheer nervousness, the final
person at the table at last raised her face from her book.
Kuroyukihime’s face, which he was seeing for the first time up
close and with his flesh-and-blood eyes, was orders of magnitude
more beautiful than the avatar he had seen (supposedly) yesterday. Below sharply defined eyebrows under neatly trimmed bangs
were eyes that looked black even as they shone brightly. If her
avatar was a black rose, then she was a black narcissus. Although
he didn’t know if anything like that even existed.

Haruyuki steeled himself for a look of What is this ugly gradeseven? to appear on this beautiful face. But, surprising him to the
core of his being, Kuroyukihime brought that slight smile he remembered to her pale lips and said briefly, “Well, boy. You
came.”

She closed the hardcover book with a snap and invited Haruyuki,
still standing stiffly, to join her, as she glanced around at the
other council members at the table.
“I’m the something. Sorry, can you vacate?”
The last part was directed at the ninth-grade boy sitting next
to her. When the tall senior with short hair stood up with a bemused look on his face, she directed Haruyuki to the chair with
the palm of her hand.
Mumbling his thanks, Haruyuki pulled his round body in as
much as possible and lowered himself onto the seat. The slender
chair creaked magnificently, but Kuroyukihime appeared not to
notice at all and, after digging around in the left pocket of her
blazer, pulled out something long and thin.
It was a cable. A thin, silver line, with small plugs at both ends
of the shielded cord. After bringing her long hair around to the
back with her left hand and inserting one plug into the terminal
of the Neurolinker (naturally painted piano black) attached to her
surprisingly thin neck, Kuroyukihime casually offered the other
plug to Haruyuki. Now a large stir arose among the students in
the lounge, all of whom had been carefully studying these events.
Mixed in with the din were cries of something akin to distress:
“No way!” and “She can’t be serious.”
Haruyuki was equally taken aback. Beads of sweat appeared
suddenly on his face.
Direct wired transmission.
Kuroyukihime was inviting Haruyuki to “direct.” Normally,
communication happened only through Neurolinkers wirelessly
connected to that area’s network server, with several layers of security as intermediaries. Connecting directly with a wire, however, rendered 90 percent of these protective barriers useless. If

you had the Linker skills, you could peek into the other user’s private memory and even set up a malevolent program.
Which is why, normally, directing was limited to people the
user trusted implicitly: family, maybe lovers. Put another way, 99
percent of male/female couples directing in public were dating.
Even the length of the cable reflected this level of intimacy, in a
custom that had no scientific foundation.
The XSB cable Kuroyukihime was currently holding out was
about two meters long, so the problem in this case wasn’t the
length. Staring fixedly at the glittering silver terminal, Haruyuki
managed somehow to squeeze his voice through his throat and
ask, “Uh…um, what am I supposed to…”
“You can’t do anything besides stick it in your neck, can you?”
she asserted without missing a beat.
Very close to passing out now, Haruyuki took the plug with a
shaky hand and fumbled to put it in his own Neurolinker. The
moment he did, a warning flashed in front of his eyes: WIRED CONNECTION. As this message faded, only the figure of Kuroyukihime
before him was alive against the backdrop of the lounge.
Although her lips, still toying with a faint smile, did not move
a millimeter, her smooth voice sounded in Haruyuki’s brain.
“Sorry to ask you to come all the way over here, Haruyuki Arita.
Can you neurospeak?”
The skill of having a conversation without moving your lips,
going only through the Linker. Haruyuki nodded and replied, “I
can. Um…what exactly is this about? Some kind of elaborate…
prank or something?”
He thought she might get mad, but Kuroyukihime tilted her
head slightly to the side and murmured softly, “I suppose…in a
certain sense, that’s probably exactly it. Because right now, I am
sending an application program to your Neurolinker. If you ac-

cept it, the world you have known until now will be completely
and utterly destroyed and then rebuilt into something you can’t
even conceive.”
“M-my world…destroyed…?” Haruyuki repeated, dumbstruck.
Already, the student council members at the table were staring
with deep interest in where this would go and the students making a fuss around them had essentially disappeared from his view.
Only Kuroyukihime’s words reverberated in his brain over and
over.
The student clad in black smiled again at Haruyuki’s confusion, raised her right hand, and quickly flicked the tip of her supple, pale finger.
Followed by a beeping sound.
And holo dialogue: OPEN BRAIN BURST2039.EXE? YES/NO
Despite the fact that this was supposedly his own familiar system display, Haruyuki almost felt like the window had its own secret, independent will and was pressing him for a decision.
In terms of common sense, opening an unknown app sent by a
direct connection from a person you didn’t know very well was
the very definition of indiscretion. The obvious thing to do would
be to yank out the cable right now. But Haruyuki couldn’t do that
for some reason. Instead, he looked down at his own body,
wedged in tightly on the chair.
My world. My reality.
This dull body. Dull face. Endless bullying, escaping to the
net. And more than anything else, me doing absolutely nothing
to change any of it. My own self, giving up. I just tell myself it’s
fine this way and nothing’s going to change anyway.

Haruyuki shifted his gaze and stared into Kuroyukihime’s
pitch-black eyes. And then after a five-second pause, he raised his
right hand and poked the YES button with the tip of his finger. He
saw her white face suddenly colored with a slight surprise, and a
slight satisfaction dripped into his heart.
“Just what I was hoping for. As long as this world…breaks,”
he mumbled, while at nearly the same time, an enormous blaze
leapt up to fill his field of vision. The wild flames that had engulfed him, causing him to stiffen up instinctively, finally focused
in front of him to form a title logo. The design style was definitely
nothing new, with a roughness that brought to mind a certain
type of fighting game in fashion at the end of the last century.
The text that appeared: BRAIN BURST.
This was how Haruyuki and the program that would revolutionize the world he knew met.
The installation continued for nearly thirty seconds. For a Neurolinker app, it was pretty huge.
Haruyuki swallowed hard and stared as the indicator bar displayed below the burning title logo finally reached 100 percent.
Kuroyukihime had said it would destroy his world. What did that
actually mean?
The indicator disappeared, and the logo vanished as if it had
burnt itself up. The remaining orange flames produced text reading WELCOME TO THE ACCELERATED WORLD in a small English font,
which quickly turned into sparks and scattered. What did that
mean: accelerated world?
For ten seconds or so, Haruyuki sat and held his breath, waiting for something to happen. However, no sign or omen of the
change to come appeared either in his body or in the scene
around him. As usual, sweat was trickling down under his uniform, and the critical gazes inflicted on him from the surrounding

tables seemed to grow even more intense.
Letting out a long, thin breath, he looked at Kuroyukihime
suspiciously. “Um…this Brain Burst program, what exactly…?”
he asked in neurospeak, and the black-clad senior murmured
something far removed from Haruyuki’s doubts, the smile on her
lips never disappearing.
“So you’ve managed to install it. Although I was certain you
had the aptitude for it.”
“A-aptitude? For this program?”
“Mm. Brain Burst can’t even be installed in people without
high-level cerebral nerve reaction speed. For instance, high
enough to get an absurd score in a virtual game. When you saw
those phantom flames, the program was checking your brain’s
reactions. If you didn’t have the aptitude, you wouldn’t have
even been able to see the title logo. But…still, you surprised me
somewhat. After all, the old me hesitated for nearly two minutes
about whether or not I should accept such a dubious program. I
worked out a whole speech to persuade you, and it seems that I
wasted my time.”
“O-oh…I’m sorry. But, um, it…it doesn’t seem like anything’s
happening. Is it an app you launch instead of a resident app?”
“Don’t be impatient. You need to mentally prepare yourself a
little first. We can get to the detailed explanations once you do.
We have plenty of time.”
Haruyuki glanced at the clock continuously displayed in the
bottom right of his field of vision. Lunch break was already nearly
half over. It didn’t exactly seem like they had so much time as all
that.
Almost painfully aware of the way the room around him was a

mix of curiosity and disgust, Haruyuki leaned forward. The chair
beneath him groaned. It was a sound he was used to hearing, but
it almost felt as if even the chair were laughing at how ugly and
ridiculous he was, and he bit his lip. No one could possibly love
him the way he was now. If he could change everything, he’d do
it, no matter what the change ended up being.
“I’m already prepared. Please tell me what this program is—”
He had gotten this far when the voice he least wanted to hear
rang out from the lounge entrance behind him.
“Hey! Pi—Arita! You got a job to do!!”
Reflexively, he flinched and jumped out of his seat. He turned
around to see Araya standing red-faced in front of him, even
though he normally never came down from the roof before the
end of lunch.
At the same time as the expression on Haruyuki’s face shifted
from shock to terror, Araya’s shifted from rage to doubt. By
standing up, Haruyuki had revealed the slender figure of
Kuroyukihime, who had been completely hidden in his enormous
shadow, along with the cable extending from her Linker and connecting to Haruyuki’s.
Even frozen in place, Haruyuki was keenly sensitive to the
nearly imperceptible shift in the mood of everyone around him
except the members of the student council. They must have all instantly grasped the nature of the relationship between the large
Araya wearing the same green necktie as Haruyuki, small vertically but big horizontally. But the mood of the students was of
course not a reproach of Araya, but rather a sense of consensus,
as if to say, Oh, of course.
Stop. Just stop now, Haruyuki fervently chanted to himself.
He seriously hated the idea that Kuroyukihime would know he
was being bullied. He offered a stiff smile to Araya with the intention of communicating that once his business here was finished,

he would go right away to buy the buns and come up to the roof,
so please just be quiet and wait a minute or two.
Upon seeing this, Araya’s florid face grew even redder in fury.
Haruyuki shuddered as he watched Araya’s lips move to form the
word pig soundlessly. He had completely misunderstood the
meaning of the smile on Haruyuki’s lips as he directed with the
most popular student in school.
Eyes glittering as he raised them, Araya slipped without a
word through the hedges separating the cafeteria from the
lounge. He approached in a straight line, stepping on the heels of
his indoor shoes and making a scuffing sound. Subordinates A
and B trailed after him, slightly nervous looks on their faces.
It’s all over, Haruyuki thought, taking a step backward.
Araya was so tall and sculpted of solid muscle from karate that
it was hard to believe he was also thirteen. On this body, he wore
a too-short blazer and a light purple shirt that was conversely way
too long, and his pants too were sloppily wide. His hair, dyed a
nearly white gold, stood up in points like the flower holders in
flower arrangements, and with his very thin eyebrows, piercings
decorating both ears, and his almond eyes, he was the very definition of danger.
Umesato Junior High School was a high-level private school
focused on getting kids into university, but in this era of extremely low birth rates, almost no junior high schools still had
entrance examinations. Thus, martial artists like Araya sometimes signed up with the idea of an easy ride.
Having been easily taken down by this type since his first day
of school, Haruyuki flinched and stared up at Araya standing in
front of him, practically leaning against the smaller boy as he
glowered down at him.
“You making fun of me?” As these words issued between lips

twisted into a sneer, Kuroyukihime’s clear real-world voice resonated crisply and clearly before Haruyuki could try to force
some menial apology from his mouth.
“You’re Araya, yes?”
After a moment’s surprise flitted across his face, Araya smiled
flirtatiously. Even a guy like this could apparently be pleased that
the Kuroyukihime had remembered his name. But the words that
followed astonished not only Araya but Haruyuki as well.
“I heard about you from Arita. That you might have been sent
to junior high school from the zoo.”
Araya’s jaw dropped suddenly, and Haruyuki stared in dazed
amazement at how it trembled. “Wh-wh-wha—” The sound Araya
was making was exactly what Haruyuki wanted to scream.
Wh-what are you talking about?!
However, he had no chance to give voice to that thought.
Araya emitted a fierce, angry bellow. “What the hell?! That’s it!
You are so dead, piiiiig!!”
Haruyuki froze with a start while Araya tightened his right
hand into a fist and raised it up high. At the same moment, a
sharp voice within his brain gave Haruyuki an order. “Now!
Shout it! ‘Burst link’!”
Haruyuki couldn’t tell if he shouted the short command with
his real voice or in neurospeak. But the sound became a vibration
that seeped into every corner of his body.
“Burst link!!”
The sound of a screeching impact shook his world.

All color instantly disappeared, leaving only a transparent blue
spreading out before him. The lounge, the students watching
events play out with suspicious eyes, and even Araya in front of
him—all were dyed a monochromatic blue.
And everything was frozen.
Haruyuki stared dumbfounded at Araya’s fist, which should
have been striking him in another second, suspended a few dozen
centimeters in front of him.
“Wh-whoa!!” he cried out involuntarily, leaping a step back. As
a result, Haruyuki saw something even more incredible.
His own back. His own rounded back, now the same pure blue
as Araya, was unnaturally frozen in a ridiculous flinching posture.
It was almost like his soul alone had escaped his flesh.
In which case, what was he now?! When, shocked, he looked
down, and he saw there his familiar pink pig. There was no mistake, it was the avatar Haruyuki used on the local net. No longer
understanding anything about anything, he turned around unsteadily.
Where he saw yet another strange sight.
On the lounge chair, Kuroyukihime was sitting gracefully,
knees neatly pressed together, back straight. However, her body
and the cable stretching out from her neck, all of it was colored a
transparent blue, like a crystal.
And standing next to her was her avatar, clad in the black
dress with the swallowtail butterfly wings and parasol folded into
it, a mysterious smile on her lips.
“Wh-what’s going on here?!” Haruyuki yelled at her, unable to
hold back. “Full dive?! Or…an out-of-body experience?!”
“Ha, neither,” Kuroyukihime’s avatar informed him cheerfully.

“Right now, we are operating in the Brain Burst program. We’re
accelerated.”
“A…accelerated…?”
“Exactly. Everything around us looks like it has stopped, but in
fact, it hasn’t. Our consciousnesses are moving at extremely high
speeds.”
Kuroyukihime took a few steps, causing the silver gems decorating the hem of her dress to glint, and stopped beside the real
Haruyuki and Araya, frozen and blue. With the tip of her parasol,
she indicated Araya’s fist in a right straight punch trajectory.
“This fist, although we can’t see it, is moving very slowly, crawling
forward. Like the hour hand of a clock. If we waited like this for
quite some time, it would eventually traverse these eighty centimeters, and we would be able to watch it sink slowly into your
cheek here.”
“Y-you’re kidding…No, wait, I mean…J-just hold on a minute.”
Haruyuki cradled his head in his pig hands and desperately tried
to make sense of this information. “S-so, uh…then this means our
souls haven’t actually left our bodies, right? Then all of this is just
thinking happening in our heads basically?”
“You learn fast. That’s exactly it.”
“But that’s crazy! If you’re saying that just our thinking and
our impressions are accelerated, then this…There’s no way I
should be able to move around like some out-of-body experience
and see my own back or even stand here and have a conversation
with you!”
“Mm, that’s a very natural concern, Haruyuki.” Nodding professorially, Kuroyukihime swung her black hair, twisted into a
long roll over her shoulder, and moved to the side of the table.
“This blue world we see is the real-time world, but we are not
viewing it optically. Go ahead and take a look under the table.”

“O-okay…” Haruyuki crouched down with the body of his pig,
smaller than his real-world body, and peered under the blue
table. “Th-that’s…”
Strange. The table was wood, and the top was shot through
with a fine wood grain. But the underside was smooth like plastic,
without the slightest hint of texture.
“What is this…It’s like it’s a polygon…?”
Kuroyukihime nodded casually at Haruyuki as he brought his
face back up. “Exactly. This blue world is a 3-D image reconstructed from images captured by several social cameras in the
lounge, and our brains are seeing it through our Neurolinkers.
Areas that are blind spots for the cameras are supplemented by
estimates. Which is why there is no point in trying to look up the
skirt of that girl there.”
“Social cameras” were officially “social security surveillance
cameras,” and the whole of Japan was covered with them, the
goal the maintenance of public order. Guarded by the secure protective wall of the government’s image monitoring network, there
was no way at all for the general population to sneak a look
through them—or that was how it was supposed to be.
As this tidbit popped into his head, Haruyuki’s eyes reflexively
followed the legs of the female student council member as they
stretched out under the table, confirming that the graceful lines
disappeared at the edge of her skirt.
Kuroyukihime glanced over at Haruyuki hurrying to stand up.
“Don’t look at my legs. They’re in the view of the cameras.”
“I—I won’t.” Working hard to fix his gaze in one place,
Haruyuki shook his head. “A-anyway, I basically get the logic of
what we’re seeing. It’s a 3-D movie of the real world in real time…
Using our avatars as proxies, we’re looking at stuff around us and
talking via the direct connection, right?”

“Right. Your school local net avatar is being used here as a
stopgap.”
“I’d rather have something else,” he mumbled, sighing heavily.
He shook the pig head, got his thoughts sorted, and looked at
Kuroyukihime’s avatar once again. “But…that’s only the start of
it. What I really want to know…What exactly is accelerated? I’ve
never heard of Neurolinkers equipped with a function that stops
time like this!”
“Of course you haven’t. Only people with the Brain Burst program can call up the acceleration function hidden in the Neurolinkers,” Kuroyukihime said, almost under her breath, raising
her left hand and gently nudging the extra-large Neurolinker
wrapped around the neck of the frozen real Haruyuki. “Do you
know the principle behind the operation of the Neurolinker,
Haruyuki?”
Haruyuki nodded as he watched her touch “her” neck with a
slim finger, giving him a start for some reason. “Y-yes…I don’t
know all the details, but I know it connects wirelessly with your
brain cells at the quantum level to send in images, sound, and
sensations while simultaneously canceling out the reality of your
own senses.”
“Right. In other words, the principle behind it is fundamentally different from the headgear-style virtual reality machines of
the twenty-twenties or the implants of the thirties. A quantum
connection is not a physiological mechanism. Thus, you don’t
have the burden on the brain cells, and you get this unexpected
excess…or so a certain person out there realized.”
“What do you mean…excess?”
Kuroyukihime responded with another question, as if
Haruyuki’s query was slightly off the mark. “Have you ever
touched a computer from the twenties?”

“Y-yeah, sure. We have one at my house.”
“Then you probably know what they called the basic operating
frequency of the computers.”
“The…base clock?”
Kuroyukihime nodded with satisfaction. “Yes. Depending on
the set scale, you overclocked the signal, which carved up time
like a pendulum on the motherboard, to run the CPU. And
human brains, our consciousness works the same way.”
“What?!” Haruyuki’s eyes widened, breath shooting out of his
large pig’s nose. “N-no way! Where is this pendulum inside us,
then?”
“Here,” Kuroyukihime replied immediately. Embracing the
real, blue Haruyuki from the front, she poked the center of his
back with her right hand, eyes upturned as if playing a joke.
“Wh-what are you doing?”
“Right now, your clock is a little faster. You probably get it already. It’s your heart! Your heart’s not merely a pump to send out
blood. The beating of your heart makes it a basic clock generator
determining the driving speed of your thoughts.”
Swallowing hard, Haruyuki pressed on the chest of his pig
body. Kuroyukihime continued, still touching the area above his
heart, almost as if she was teasing him.
“For instance, when you try to stop your body, your heartbeat
will speed up depending on the situation. Like a race-car driver’s.
Why? It’s because you need to accelerate your thoughts—your
awareness of the situation, your judgment. Or like a pair of lovers
touching each other. You accelerate to more deeply experience
each minute, each second.”

Kuroyukihime slowly dragged the tip of the finger on
Haruyuki’s chest upward, stopping at his neck. “With each beat of
your heart, the quantum pulse signal generated is sent back to
your central nervous system, driving your brain—that is, your
thoughts. So what do you think happens when the Neurolinker
around your neck captures that signal and overclocks you?”
Haruyuki felt a shudder run up his back. “Your thoughts…are
accelerated?”
“Exactly. And the Neurolinker lets you do that. Without any
kind of negative impact on your body or your brain cells. Right
now, in this exact moment, our Neurolinkers are overclocking the
signal generated by a single heartbeat, riding the wireless quantum signal and sending information to our brains. In fact, it’s
doing so at a rate of more than a thousand times the norm!”
“A thousand…times…” Haruyuki could no longer do anything
other than repeat the words fed to him, dumbfounded. In his almost drugged awareness, Kuroyukihime’s smooth voice made
even more of an impact.
“Your thoughts are accelerated a thousandfold. Which means
one second of reality is a thousand seconds. Do the math and
you’re experiencing sixteen minutes and forty seconds.”
This was more than F1 racers. This was basically more magic
to stop time than it was technology.
However, before Haruyuki could start to wonder what specifically would be possible if he were to make full use of this marvelous phenomenon, Kuroyukihime muttered, “Oh!” as if just realizing something.
“…?”
“No, sorry. I got caught up in explaining things, and I ended
up using a bit too much time. I completely forgot that the real you

is about to be sent flying.”
“Hah…” Haruyuki hurried to his feet and went around to the
other side of his frozen blue self.
Araya’s punch had definitely moved quite a bit during the five
minutes or so (or the point-three seconds) they had spent talking.
It was now only less than fifty centimeters from the real
Haruyuki’s round cheeks.
Araya’s face was reproduced so perfectly, lips twisting to expose his brutal excitement, that it was hard to believe it was created using images from the social cameras hidden in the ceiling.
What exactly about this is fun? No, it’s probably fun. I mean,
me standing there aimlessly in front of his fist with that blank
look on my face. I’m basically a bit player in his story.
Haruyuki turned back to Kuroyukihime, depressing thoughts
rolling around in his brain. “So…how long does this acceleration
last?”
“In theory, forever. But due to the limits of the Brain Burst
program, the longest you can stay accelerated is thirty felt minutes, or one-point-eight real seconds.”
At Kuroyukihime’s cool response, Haruyuki widened his
round, pink pig eyes. If his real-world self had been frozen like
this for nearly two seconds, then Araya’s punch would travel the
remaining distance and smash in the bridge of his nose in no
time.
“H-he’s going to hit me, isn’t he?” Haruyuki cried, imagining
himself being sent flying frame by frame.
But Kuroyukihime laughed lightly and added by way of explanation, “Ha-ha! Don’t worry. Of course, you can stop the accelerated state when you want to.”

“O-oh…you can? Then I better go back to reality and avoid this
punch…”
“Simple. Ha-ha, this way of using acceleration is the easiest to
understand. You carefully watch the situation with a reaction
speed not possible in flesh and blood, and after careful deliberation, you release the acceleration and leisurely take action.”
Just as she noted, accelerated, he now understood what
needed to be done given the trajectory and aim of Araya’s punch,
which due to his terror he hadn’t even been able to analyze—
much less avoid—the many times he had been hit before now.
Once he released the acceleration, it would be enough to move
about fifteen centimeters to the left. Swallowing hard, he carved
the thought into his head and looked at Kuroyukihime for the
command to release the acceleration.
But before he could speak, the beautiful girl in black dropped a
bomb in a light tone. “But don’t avoid it. He’s actually daring to
hit you here, Haruyuki.”
“Wh—” Haruyuki’s pig nose twitched before he shouted, “I—I
don’t want to! It’s going to hurt!”
“Hurt what?”
“Huh…? What do you mean ‘what’?”
“I’m asking you whether it’s going to hurt your body or your
mind.”
The smile disappeared from Kuroyukihime’s avatar. Without
waiting for Haruyuki’s response, she put a black high heel forward sharply.
Her slim form, nearly half a meter taller than Haruyuki’s pig
body, crouched down, and Kuroyukihime stared into his eyes well
within his personal space. He swallowed and stood bolt upright.

“This isn’t the first time you have been punched by this student, Araya.”
“N-no.” For some reason, Haruyuki nodded even though he
had so desperately wanted her not to find out about the bullying.
“So then there are two reasons why he has not been dealt with
before now. One is, of course, that you have just meekly accepted
his behavior. And the other is that Araya has cleverly set the
scene of his violence and extortion beyond the view of the social
cameras.”
It was true that any direct bullying that happened to Haruyuki
was always in places where students didn’t go, like the shadow of
the ventilation units on the roof or behind the school. So that was
to avoid not the eyes of other people but the cameras?
The expression on Kuroyukihime’s face was complicated, and
she stretched herself upright smoothly. “Unfortunately, while
they are few, there are students like him even among the eighth
and ninth graders. They have their own sort of network, and apparently, an illegal app that warns them when they are in view of
the social cameras is quite popular with their crowd. That lot
would never give themselves away in front of the cameras. Even
as a new student, he would surely have had that drilled into him.”
Glancing at Araya’s dyed blue face with eyes like ice, Kuroyukihime continued in a quiet, strong voice. “But he is still a child,
after all. At my earlier provocation, he forgot himself and is lashing out violently here in front of all these cameras. Understand?
This is your chance, Haruyuki. It would be easy to dodge this
punch, but if you do, Araya will come to his senses and run off.
Your opportunity to punish him as he deserves will again recede
ever further from view.”
And then Araya would inflict further pain on Haruyuki. He
could only too easily imagine that Araya’s revenge would make
everything up to now look like a game. A shudder ran down his

spine as Haruyuki looked at his real self and Araya’s fist approaching that face.
The thug’s bony right hand tapered to rough points, and if it
hit him, it would hurt enough to make him cry. It was a pain he
had become disgustingly familiar with over these last six months.
But—
What had really been bleeding was not his body but his heart.
His pride, which had been steadily shredded.
“Um.” Haltingly, Haruyuki asked Kuroyukihime, “If I managed to master Brain Burst, would I be able to beat him in a
fight?”
All expression disappeared from her beautiful face, and she
stared directly at Haruyuki. “You probably could. You’re already a
Burst Linker, which means you have a power greatly exceeding
that of the unaccelerated. If you were so inclined, you wouldn’t
have to settle for just one punch; you could beat him for as long
as you wanted.”
I am so inclined. Is there some reason I wouldn’t be?
I’ll neatly dodge Araya’s karate and make him into something even uglier than a pig. I’ll smash his nose, knock out all his
front teeth, pull out every single one of those precious golden
hairs from his head when he’s bowed down before me, weeping.
Clenching his teeth with a crunch, he sighed heavily and told
Kuroyukihime in a shaking voice. “…No, I won’t do it. I’ll get hit
like a good boy. I won’t get the chance again, after all.”
“Mm.” Smiling with satisfaction somehow, Kuroyukihime nodded slowly. “A wise choice. Now, let’s try to minimize the damage
while maximizing the effect, hmm? Once the acceleration runs
out, you leap back to the right with everything you’ve got. Don’t
forget to turn your head to the right as his fist hits you.”

“O-okay.” Moving directly behind his real self, Haruyuki
checked the trajectory of Araya’s punch. She was right, if he leapt
while turning his face, he could mitigate most of the bite from
Araya’s karate technique.
Nodding, he looked to see exactly what he’d be leaping into.
There was a table to the left, but a large space opened up behind
him to the right, with no obstacles before the big window looking
out onto the courtyard. Except for one person.
“Oh no…I can’t. If I jump from here to there, I’ll end up slamming into you.”
There was only about a meter between Haruyuki standing and
the real Kuroyukihime sitting on the chair. If he hit her slim form
with his enormous bulk, he couldn’t be sure what would happen
to her.
However, the avatar in the black dress merely shrugged
lightly. “It’s not a problem; this way is more effective. Don’t
worry, I’ll make sure to dodge. I won’t get hurt.”
“…O-okay.” It was certainly possible to do if you knew in advance what was going to happen. He was forced to nod.
“We’re very nearly out of time here. Hurry and line up with
your real self.”
She poked his back and Haruyuki took a step forward to align
his pig avatar with his blue self. Kuroyukihime seemed to have sat
on the chair behind him; the position of her voice was lower.
“All right. Now I’m going to teach you the command to release
the acceleration. Be strong. ‘Burst out’!”
“Burst out!”
Haruyuki took a deep breath and put everything he had behind

the shout.
A jetlike roar approached from a distance, shattering the surrounding silence. The blue world gradually took on its former
color. In the left of his field of vision, Araya’s static fist began to
move, bit by tiny bit. From a sluggish snail’s pace, it gradually
sped up and drew nearer to Haruyuki’s cheek.
As he prepared to leap back to the right as instructed, pushing
off with both legs, he twisted his head earnestly to the right. The
punch chugging toward him touched his skin, sinking in slightly.
And then the world returned.
As the noise around him rushed in, Haruyuki felt the fist digging into his left cheek. He felt his teeth driven into the inside of
his cheek, his lip splitting. It was probably bleeding a little, but
the pain was definitely about half that of the other karate punches
he had suffered through however many times before this.
At the same time, his large body flew spectacularly through the
air action-movie style. Fervently hoping she would manage to
jump clear of him, Haruyuki collided with the chair behind him.
For a brief moment, he smelled something good, felt her soft hair.
The chair clattering to the floor was followed immediately by
an ominous thud.
His back slamming into the floor, Haruyuki stopped breathing
momentarily. Even as he gasped for air, he was yanking his head
around to check on Kuroyukihime. She was supposed to have
dodged, but what his widening eyes saw was her slender figure,
limbs splayed out like a broken doll, eyes closed, head up against
the lounge window.
Below the disheveled bangs, a single trail of blood ran down a
cheek so white it was nearly translucent.

“Ah…ah!” Swallowing a scream, Haruyuki tried to stand up.
But at that moment—
“Don’t move!!”
Kuroyukihime’s think voice hit his brain through his still directly connected Linker. Freezing instinctively faceup on the
floor, Haruyuki responded. “B-but you’re bleeding!!”
“Don’t worry. It’s just a little cut. I told you, aim to maximize
the effect. After this, you’ll never have to deal with Araya again.”
Staying still as instructed, Haruyuki moved just his eyes from
left to right.
Araya, right fist still stuck out in front of him, looked down at
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime, mouth agape. The blood slowly
drained from his face, and his thin lips trembled a few times, as if
spasming.
The total silence that descended on the lounge was shattered
by the terrible screams of the girls at the surrounding tables.
“Aaaaaaah!!”
Araya and subordinates AB put up almost no resistance when
they were thrown out by the male council members. The three of
them, white as ghosts, knees knocking, were half dragged away by
the teachers who had come running, faces red with anger, and
Kuroyukihime was taken straight to the hospital, held by another
female council member.
Haruyuki himself just got a little bandaging in the health
room, and as the school doctor’s hand disinfected and patched
him up, the words Kuroyukihime had uttered immediately before
the direct cable was pulled reverberated in his ears.
“Oops, I forgot to tell you. Do not take off your Neurolinker

before you come to school tomorrow. And you can’t make a
global connection, not even for a second. Got it? Under no circumstances. Promise.”
He couldn’t even begin to guess at the intent behind these instructions. The entire two hours he spent in the health room, his
whole body was enveloped in a strange feeling of detachment. He
had no idea how he was supposed to process and digest all of the
things that had happened to him in just these past two days.
But at the very least, it seemed like he wouldn’t need to worry
anymore about things like his shoes disappearing from his shoe
locker or weird stuff being put in the shoes if they stayed there.
Mechanically, he changed out of his school shoes into his street
shoes, and when he was about to leave school grounds, he did as
instructed and disconnected his Neurolinker from the net. Wondering once again what the point was, he turned toward the
school gates and started walking.
“Haru!”
A small voice reached his ears, and his legs stopped short.
When he looked around, he noticed a small figure casting a
shadow on the school wall, colored in the evening light. Aware of
his face stiffening up involuntarily, Haruyuki said her name. “…
Chiyu.”
It wasn’t that he’d forgotten. He’d forcefully chased the events
of the previous day out of his head, and now they instantly replayed in the back of his brain. Ah! What should I do? Okay, I
have to apologize, first things first.
As he panicked, Chiyuri Kurashima approached with a difficult
look on her face, sinking slightly on the soft synthetic surface of
the schoolyard.
“Uh…um…yesterday, I—”

“Haru, I heard about what happened at lunch,” Chiyuri said,
cutting through Haruyuki’s flustered incoherence.
“Huh? Lunch…oh, oh!”
“I heard he hit you and you seriously went flying! Are you
hurt? Are you okay?” Pulling her thick eyebrows together tightly,
Chiyuri brought her face in closer, and Haruyuki unconsciously
brought his left hand up to cover the bandage on his mouth.
There was no way he could tell her that he was actually the one
who had sent himself flying so spectacularly.
“Y-yeah, I’m okay. I just cut my lip a bit. I’m not hurt anywhere else.”
“You’re not? Oh good.”
A faint smile crossing her still terribly stiff face, Chiyuri
glanced around. Apparently due to this one incident at lunch,
Haruyuki had immediately become a topic of conversation at
school, and the students heading home around them were all
staring openly.
“Anyway, it’s good to walk home together sometimes,” Chiyuri
said in a hard voice, and she started walking without waiting for
an answer.
Sometimes? We haven’t done that once since we started junior high, Haruyuki thought, but if he shouted out in protest and
ran off, it would just be a repeat of his stupidity yesterday. Whatever else happened, he had to apologize for that stuff.
Jogging after Chiyuri, who stalked forward in long strides unsuited to her stature, Haruyuki put a slight distance between
them to walk alongside her. In this manner, they passed through
the school gate and walked along the large road with only the
sound of the in-wheel motors of passenger vehicles breaking the
silence.

Normally as soon as Haruyuki left school, the people, bicycles,
and cars moving around him were automatically marked as colored symbols in his vision, allowing him to walk even with his
eyes closed, but he couldn’t use the navigation while disconnected
from the global net. Just as he started to wonder again why exactly Kuroyukihime had given him an instruction like that,
Chiyuri to his right casually mentioned that very name and nearly
made him jump.
“I heard you were directing with Kuroyukihime in grade eight.
For real?”
“What?! Th-that’s…” He was about to ask how she knew that,
but, thinking better of it, realized that was about right. More than
Araya and his fist, the directing probably made the bigger splash
at school. “Yeah, well…”
Without even looking at him nodding, Chiyuri stuck out her
small lips and started walking even faster. Haruyuki knew only
too well from long experience that this was an expression of her
very worst mood and wondered again why she was in such a
state. To which he was again quick to tell himself that that was
about right. If some idiot who had knocked over and dumped out
her homemade lunch was doing weird things with some other girl
without so much as an apology, it wasn’t just Chiyuri. Anyone
would obviously be mad.
“B-but it wasn’t anything special. It was…I just copied an app
from her.” Haruyuki tried to explain it away, an unpleasant sweat
running down his back even though it was October. However, the
look on Chiyuri’s face did not soften, and he began to intently put
together a dialogue in his head, even more certain of the need to
apologize for the sandwich incident.
“A-anyway, about…about yesterday…” He had finally gotten
this much out of his mouth when they heard a voice ringing out
ahead of them, and Haruyuki swallowed the rest.

“Heey! Haru! Chiii! What a coincidence. You headed home
now?”
Chiyuri’s legs stopped on a dime, and Haruyuki lifted his face.
He saw a boy the same age as them smiling broadly with a hand
raised on the escalator leading to Kannana Ring Road.
His blue-gray uniform had a raised collar, unlike that of Umesato Junior. In his right hand, he held a refined, old-fashioned
black schoolbag, and a kendo bamboo sword case was slung over
his shoulder. His longish hair was parted cleanly in the middle,
and the face below it was beautiful, clear—best and most aptly described as “fresh.”
“Oh…Taku.” Blinking rapidly several times, Chiyuri smiled.
Even though she was in such a bad mood. After thinking this,
Haruyuki muttered his third That’s about right in his head. I
mean, she did just run into her boyfriend while walking along
with an annoying jerk who dropped her sandwiches.
As Haruyuki and Chiyuri’s childhood friend Takumu
Mayuzumi jogged toward them, bamboo sword case bouncing, he
turned a cheerful, open smile toward Haruyuki.
“Hey, Haru! It’s been ages!”
“Hey, Taku. Has it been that long?” Haruyuki asked, glancing
up at Takumu’s face, ten centimeters higher than his own.
“It has. I haven’t seen you in two weeks already in meatspace.
You never come to the condo events.”
“Like I’d show up at a sports meet,” he returned, screwing up
his face, and Takumu laughed as if to say, You never change.
The three of them had all been born the same year in a skyscraper condo complex in Kita-Koenji. However, Haruyuki prob-

ably wouldn’t have become such good friends with this boy who
had everything he didn’t based solely on that coincidence.
Ironically, it was because Takumu was so good at his studies
and managed to get into a famous K–12 school in Shinjuku that
Haruyuki was able to hang out with him without fear. Takumu
had never had to see Haruyuki’s pathetic self targeted for bullying
the second he had started at the local public elementary school.
Haruyuki had forced (or rather begged) Chiyuri, who had gone
to that same elementary school, never to tell Takumu about the
bullying. If he found out, Takumu might have tried to help him,
calling out the gang of brats and taking them down with his bamboo sword.
But Haruyuki had the feeling that even if he stopped getting
bullied, he wouldn’t be able to keep being friends with Takumu.
“That reminds me.” Haruyuki was first to open his mouth
while the three of them walked side by side, something he almost
never did at school. “I saw the videos of the city tournament on
the net the other day. You’re amazing, Tak; only in seventh grade
and already winning.”

“I was just lucky. I was super lucky,” Takumu said as he laughed,
scratching his head. “The guys who would’ve given me trouble got
knocked out in the prelims. And then there was Chi here coming
to cheer me on.”
“What? Me?!” Chiyuri cried from the other side of Takumu,
eyes wide. “I—I mean, I was just watching from the corner, that’s
it.”
“Ha-ha-ha! What are you talking about? You were really hollering! Stuff like Kick his teeth in!” Takumu raised his laughing
voice cheerfully. “And on top of that, you even told me you
wouldn’t give me lunch if I lost. And you looked serious, too,
Chi.”
“Oh, come on! I’m not listening to you anymore!”
Watching Chiyuri increase her pace while covering both ears,
Haruyuki nudged Takumu with his left elbow. “So that’s what all
that screaming about the final match was.”
“Well, you know. Ha-ha-ha!”
He laughed with Takumu.
It’s definitely better this way, Haruyuki thought.
His choice two years ago hadn’t been a mistake. After all, the
three of them were able to talk like this now, just like they used
to. He didn’t want to ruin this relationship.
At that moment, Takumu said lightly, almost like a counterattack: “So Haru, you got to have the Chi special for lunch yesterday, huh?”
“Huh? Oh, that’s, well…” Seeing Chiyuri’s back suddenly
stiffen, Haruyuki was slightly panicked. Crap, I still haven’t apol-

ogized. What should I do? Should I apologize now? Or maybe email her once I get home—
No, wait.
How did Takumu know that?
Haruyuki’s legs became tangled, and Takumu caught him with
a “Whoa!” as he was about to fall. He was unaware even of this as
his thoughts raced feverishly.
Chiyuri had made those sandwiches because she knew that
Araya and his gang were stealing his lunch money. She definitely
wasn’t one for cooking, so he had wondered why…but could it be
that she had actually done it on Takumu’s advice?
In which case, that meant that Chiyuri had talked to Takumu.
About the fact that Haruyuki was being bullied. If she hadn’t, he
wouldn’t have said that just now.
The inside of his head suddenly went incandescent, and unconsciously, Haruyuki pushed away Takumu’s hand on his right
elbow.
“H-hey! Haru?” Takumu inquired doubtfully, but Haruyuki
couldn’t bring himself to look up at that face.
Letting his gaze roam around, Haruyuki’s eyes met Chiyuri’s,
an almost-frozen expression on her face. Her lips moved, and she
looked as if she was about to say something. Before she got the
chance, though, Haruyuki shouted, “Ah! Sorry, there’s just this
show I want to watch! I’m gonna run ahead! See you, Taku!”
He took off running. His legs insisted on getting tangled up,
and he nearly fell more than once, but Haruyuki didn’t stop.
The two of them were probably going to talk about him again.
About how they could help Haruyuki. Just imagining the conver-

sation, he was overcome with a sensation like the top of his heart
was being twisted off. It was too ironic that just when Araya was
finally disappearing through a seriously miraculous turn of
events, he found out Takumu had already known all about it.
He kept running, legs constantly in motion, until he passed
through the entrance to his condo building and dove into an elevator.
The dream Haruyuki had that night was probably at the top of the
list of his all-time worst bad dreams.
The bad kids from his elementary school, Araya and subordinates AB, and some outlaw students he didn’t know kept tagging
one another out to square off against Haruyuki and knock him
around. A slight distance away, Chiyuri and Takumu held hands
and watched. More than the pain all over his body, it was their
pitying expressions that he had the most trouble enduring.
As the dream progressed, the number of spectators increased.
His mother appeared next to the couple (Chiyuri and Takumu),
and then even his father—who had left them a long time ago—
showed up. The residents of his condo and his classmates joined
as well, forming a circle and looking down at Haruyuki as he
crawled along the ground.
Now it wasn’t just pity on their faces but scorn. Too many people to count pointed their fingers at ugly, miserable Haruyuki and
laughed.
I hate this. I hate it here.
With this thought in mind, he looked up at the remote, dark
sky and saw a shadow there. A single bird, wings blacker than the
night, spread its wings, soaring lightly.
I want to be up there, too. Higher. Farther.

I want to fly.
To the other side.
“Is that your wish?”

3
Haruyuki opened his eyes with a start.
When he looked at his clock by the white light coming in
through the window, the display said six thirty in the morning.
Which meant he had been asleep nearly twelve hours.
His entire body was drenched in sleep sweat, a slimy coating
on his skin composed of the vestiges of his nightmare. Despite
this, he couldn’t remember the details of the dream.
Kuroyukihime’s final words to him the day before came dimly
to mind. Could the instruction not to remove his Neurolinker all
night have had some connection with his dream?
Wondering about this vaguely as he showered and changed
into his uniform, Haruyuki ate a breakfast of cereal and orange
juice alone in the kitchen, put his dishes in the dishwasher, and,
to complete his set of predeparture rituals, knocked on his
mother’s bedroom door.
“I’m leaving for school,” he called into the dim light inside her
room, whereupon he heard an unintelligible croaking from the
bed. Apparently, she’d had quite a bit to drink the night before.
His mother took her terminal in hand, and he waited for her to
charge five hundred yen to his Neurolinker. “Haruyuki, your
Linker’s disconnected.” Her voice was unexpectedly tinged with
annoyance.
Oh crap. He hurriedly put a hand to his neck. After he connected to the global net, all the while feeling like he had forgotten

something, his electronic balance quickly increased with a ring
denoting the transaction.
“I’m leaving, then,” he said again but with no response this
time. Quietly closing the bedroom door, he put on his sneakers in
the foyer and left the apartment, taking the elevator to the first
floor and making his way through the lobby, muttering “Good
morning” to other residents of the building whose faces he barely
remembered.
Just three seconds after he slipped out through the automatic
doors to step into the condo courtyard, an intense shrieking noise
echoed in his brain, and the world blacked out around him. In an
instant, the town, sparkling in the morning sun, sank into the
darkness of night.
What the—?! Acceleration?! But…why? All by itself?!
He held his breath as letters in the familiar flaming font
arranged themselves before his eyes: HERE COMES A NEW CHALLENGER!!

He felt like he had seen this sentence somewhere before. But
before he could follow the memory trail, the flaming text blinked
out, and something even more mysterious appeared atop of his
field of vision.
First, in the center, the number 1800. Then, to the left and
right, blue bars stretched out abruptly, with a somewhat thin
green bar growing below them.
Finally, the flaming text in the center of his view: FIGHT!!
The number changed to 1799.
Not knowing what to do, Haruyuki simply stared at the four-digit
number as it counted down. Eighteen hundred seconds. Thirty
minutes. It was a number he had heard somewhere. Right, wasn’t

this the time limit for acceleration that Kuroyukihime had mentioned?
But this time, Haruyuki hadn’t even said the B of the “burst
link” command to start the acceleration. Also, the color of the
world—it wasn’t blue, it was full-dive. And he basically had no
idea what all the challenger and fight stuff was about. He looked
around, desperately trying to get even the most tenuous grasp on
the situation before quickly realizing something.
The crisp October morning had vanished without a trace, but
the space around him was still the same area in front of his building that had been burned into his memory. On one side, the familiar two-lane road, and on the other, convenience stores and
office buildings. When he turned around, the high-rise condo
from which he had just emerged pierced the darkness, towering
above him.
However, the jam of cars that should have been bumper-tobumper on the road toward Shinjuku and the school-bound students filling the sidewalks were gone. Instead, the road was
cracked and caving in everywhere, guardrails and signs were
twisted, and the buildings’ windows were very obviously broken.
Bricks were piled up at the intersection a little way away, almost like a barricade, and flames of something burning licked up
at the sky from a metal drum. Traces of destruction also marred
Haruyuki’s condo, which was in a terrible state, with crumbling
concrete pillars and large holes in the exterior walls.
Struck by the urge to run back inside and check the state of his
own apartment, Haruyuki staggered around a few steps and
peered into the entrance through the bricks. He then opened his
eyes wide in silent amazement. The interior of the building was
just a flat gray surface spreading out boxlike, almost like the time
he’d poked his head into a polygon building in a game.
No. Not almost like. Exactly like.

This was reality and also not reality. Haruyuki was currently in
a full dive on the virtual net using the accelerated function, and
the scene around him was a 3-D movie reconstructed from social
camera images. Just like the frozen, blue world he’d seen in the
lounge the day before. But he had never experienced this level of
detail in a virtual space. It was impossible for him to pick out the
pixel pitch. Even the lone pebble rolling by his feet was inscribed
with a level of crispness that was overwhelming.
So then what body did he have? Haruyuki looked down, expecting to find his familiar pink pig avatar. “…Wh-what is this…”
Dumbfounded, his voice slipped out involuntarily.
Legs, torso, arms—his whole body was polished silver and thin
like wire. Almost like a robot, but far removed from a game or
anime fighting robot.
Panicking and bringing his hands to his head, the tips of his
fingers merely slipped over the smooth helmetlike curves and
found nothing like a nose or a mouth. He looked around for a moment and, seeing the cracked windows in the wall of the mixed
residential building across the road from his building, he ran
over, feet clanking against the pavement.
The figure the large window reflected back at him was clearly a
metal robot, from tip to toe. His body was very thin and small,
only the streamlined head was awkwardly large. In a word, a total
small fry.
If I at least had some horns on my forehead…or both my eyes
shone gold like beacons. As Haruyuki silently grumbled at the
unknown avatar designer, he saw several human shapes squirming behind his reflection in the glass on the other side of the road.
Metal body cowering, Haruyuki turned around with a gasp. He
didn’t know when they had shown up, but looking his way were
exactly three figures standing in the shadow of the ruined local
convenience store. Under cover of darkness as they were, he

could only make out their silhouettes, which were all much larger
than his own.
The shadows huddled together as if discussing something. Unconsciously, Haruyuki strained his ears.
“…too, but he looks like the jumpy type.”
“And I don’t have his name in memory. Maybe a newbie?”
“But he’s metallic. That’s gotta mean something.”
They’re—They’re not NPCs. Haruyuki felt it instinctively.
Their demeanor, their tone—he was sure they weren’t the creation of some program; they were real, live people. But this was
the accelerated virtual net. Which meant they had also installed
Brain Burst, just like Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime.
In which case, they probably knew what this was all about. I’ll
just go and ask them, Haruyuki thought, and he stepped nervously into the road, advancing to the white center line. Abruptly,
he felt a new pair of eyes on him. He stopped moving and ran his
gaze quickly over the scene.
There they were. Never mind the group of three down there.
He didn’t know where they had appeared from, but on the roofs
of the abandoned buildings, on top of piles of bricks, strange silhouettes were staring down at Haruyuki from all directions.
However, they didn’t come any closer, and…they seemed to be
waiting for something.
At a loss, Haruyuki, in the middle of the road, shifted just his
gaze. In seemingly no time, the count in the top of his field of
view had gotten down to 1620. There was no change in the two
bars stretching out to the right and left of the numbers. And he
hadn’t noticed until now, but underneath the bars were small
English letters.

The text on the left side read SILVER CROW, and on the right was
ASH ROLLER.

I know this screen configuration. I totally know this screen,
Haruyuki thought, hit by a powerful sense of déjà vu.
It wasn’t anything new. This kind of game program had swept
through the arcades of Japan more than thirty years before
Haruyuki was born, at the end of the 1900s. And just recently,
too, he felt like he had seen something like this. It was—
Standing stock-still, searching his memory, he jumped at the
sound of a sudden explosion behind him. He tried to turn around,
lost his balance, and fell on his backside with a thump. A remarkably large silhouette towered above him.
A motorcycle. And not the motor-drive type he was used to
seeing. It was saddled with something like the guts of the internal
combustion engines that had been outlawed ages ago, and those
guts were roaring and rumbling. The front fork was ridiculously
long, and the tire wedged between it was also so thick as to be a
joke. A faint burning scent wafted up from the rough gray treads.
Haruyuki turned his eyes upward and timidly took in the rider
straddling the leather seat on the other side of the exaggeratedly
bent handle bars. Body encased in studded black leather, boots
on each firmly planted foot, arms crossed over the chest. His head
was tucked inside a helmet, also black, but the visor was a flashy
thing with a skeleton design.
Haruyuki listened, dumbstruck at the creaking voice coming
from within. “The Century End stage! It’s been forever. Alllllll riiiiiiiight!” From one of the folded arms, an index finger popped up
into the air and waggled left to right. “And as a special bonus, my
opponent is a shiny newb. Super all riiiiiiiight!”
Bringing up his right boot, the skeleton rider laid it on the
handle bar and rubbed it dexterously. As he did, a thunderous,

booming roar sent Haruyuki flying once more.
No matter which way he looked at it, this guy didn’t seem
brimming with warm friendlies. More importantly, if Haruyki’s
memory served, this was a battle stage. So then this rider was…
“Wh-whoa…” Haruyuki retreated slowly and turned around.
“Whoaaaaa!” He started running in earnest, thin robot legs clanking.
Behind him, the engine roared once again, and the sound of
the tires squealing against the pavement threatened to pierce his
eardrums. A mere second later, he felt an incredible impact and a
sharp pain in the middle of his back before he was flying high up
into the night sky. At the same time, the blue SILVER CROW bar in
the top right of his view shrank abruptly.
Spinning around in space, Haruyuki thought, I knew it. So
then this is a fighting game, I’m a newbie who doesn’t know his
left from his right, and my opponent is a veteran player who figured that out five minutes ago.
There’s no way I’m going to win.
“Ha-ha-ha! So you’re already being hunted? That’s because you
broke your promise to me, boy.”
Lunch break.
Kuroyukihime, directly connected to Haruyuki in the lounge
again just like the day before, laughed smoothly at the mere
thought, shaking her head, bandaged under her bangs to encourage healing. Although awful to look at because of the bleeding,
her injury was apparently nothing more than a cut. She had
stopped every word of gratitude and apology he had in his vocabulary with a wave of her right hand.
“I-it’s not funny. I thought I was going to die. I mean, I know

it’s my fault for accidentally connecting to the global net, but…”
Watching with amusement as Haruyuki stuttered, Kuroyukihime lifted her teacup from the table and brought it to her lips.
Next to the saucer was a shrimp gratin with steam rising from it,
untouched just like the large plate of pork curry in front of
Haruyuki.
The student council members sitting at the table with them
had already begun moving their chopsticks and spoons, and
Haruyuki’s stomach made a slight, pathetic sound. However,
Kuroyukihime’s lecture or explanation or whatever it was didn’t
seem like it was likely to end anytime soon.
“But, well, I suppose it’s saved me the trouble of having to explain it all to you. The cost of the lesson was somewhat high, but
you do understand now, yes?”
“Understand…what?”
“The truth about the Brain Burst program. It’s no sweeping
conspiracy or mystery, it’s just—”
Haruyuki nodded sharply and mentally articulated the end of
Kuroyukihime’s cutoff sentence. “It’s just a fighting game. Encounters using the real world as a stage. It’s crazy.”
“Ha-ha, it certainly is quite crazy, something to really make
people talk.”
“I mean, think about what you could do with this amazing of
acceleration technology! And you go with a fighter?! The genre
was already obsolete thirty years ago!”
At this, Kuroyukihime tilted her head slightly as if thinking, a
sarcastic-looking smile slipping out from somewhere. “Hmm, I
think you need to phrase it slightly differently. Better to say that
we Burst Linkers are accelerated to play fighting games. Con-

versely, we fight so that we can continue to be accelerated. We
must. This is the one unpleasant part of this program.”
“Wh-what do you mean?”
“Mm…I should probably explain the rest to you in the field.
Go ahead and accelerate.”
“O-okay…”
Haruyuki let go of his unfinished business with the large plate
of curry in front of him and shouted the “acceleration” command
as instructed after straightening up on his chair.
“Burst link!”
A clang slapped his body and his consciousness, and the students around him stopped moving instantly. At the same time, all
color vanished, only to be replaced with that transparent blue.
Kuroyukihime in front of him was also static, but her avatar in
its bewitching black dress soon stepped out of her neat, uniformed figure, a soul escaping the body. Haruyuki slipped off his
chair in his pink pig body and stepped forward so that he
wouldn’t have to see the rotund real-life self he was leaving behind.
“So…what are we doing?”
“You have a new icon in the left of your field of vision, yes?”
Shifting his gaze as instructed, he realized that there was, in
fact, now a burning B mark among the app start-up icons lined up
there. He raised his left hand and clicked on it.
“That’s the menu for the fighting game software Brain Burst.
You can see your own status and battle results and look for Burst
Linkers around you to challenge them. Try pressing the DUELING

button.”
Nodding, Haruyuki clicked the bottom-most button on the
menu. Immediately, a new window opened, and after a momentary search display, a list of names appeared.
That said, there were only two names on it. Silver Crow, the
name he had seen that morning, which probably referred to
Haruyuki himself, and one more. Black Lotus.
He had absolutely no doubt that this was Kuroyukihime’s
Burst Linker name, but he lifted his head briefly to confirm. As
expected, the black swallowtail avatar nodded lightly.
“Right now, because we’re cut off from the global net and only
connected to the school’s local net, there’s just you and me on the
list. Or at least there should just be us.”
“Yes…Black Lotus.” He wanted to say something like What a
pretty name or It suits you perfectly, but, of course, there was no
way lines like that would flow out of his mouth all smooth and
cool. Haruyuki’s pig nose simply twitched.
“All right, then. Now click on my name and ask to fight me.”
“Wh-what?!”
“I’m not saying we’re going to fight for real. We’ll just let the
time run out and end in a draw.” With a faintly wry smile,
Kuroyukihime made a small, encouraging noise.
Haruyuki lightly clicked her name on the list, all the while
wondering at the fact that here he was playing one-on-one in a
day and age when massive battle games with tens of thousands of
people connecting on the same field were not uncommon. He selected DUEL from the pop-up menu that appeared and subsequently YES from the YES/NO dialogue that followed.

In an instant, the world changed again.
All the students disappeared instantly from the frozen blue
lounge. Color returned to the pillars and tables, which decayed as
if weathered, and a thick layer of dust clung to the windows. The
sky was dyed a deep orange, and a dry wind blew up from somewhere, stirring grasses he didn’t know the names of sprouting up
from the floor.
The familiar 1800 was carved out in the top of his line of sight.
Blue bars stretched out on both sides, followed finally by the
flaming text FIGHT!!
“Hmm…a Twilight stage? You pulled a rare one.” Kuroyukihime’s voice echoed beside Haruyuki, whose eyeballs rolled in his
head as he took in the scene. “The properties of this stage are
burns well, collapses soon, and unexpectedly dark.”
“U-uh-huh…” Nodding, Haruyuki took a look at his body and
saw that at some point, his pink pig frame had transformed into
the thin silver robot. He shifted his gaze, wondering what form
Kuroyukihime had taken, but standing before him was the same
black dress avatar, not even slightly altered.
“That’s your duel avatar, hm? Silver Crow, good name. Good
color. I like the form, too.” Kuroyukihime’s hand stretched out to
stroke the smooth silver head.
The definite sensation of being touched made Haruyuki realize
all over again that this was a real virtual reality, a place where the
childish no-touching code—ostensibly for protection—did not
exist.
“Th-thanks. It’s kind of wimpy, but I can’t redo it. Right? So
who came up with the design and the name? But wait—duel
avatar?”
“Just like the name, an avatar for fighting. The design is by the

Brain Burst program and you yourself. Last night, you had a very
long, scary dream, didn’t you?”
“…I did.” He couldn’t remember the details, just intuitively felt
that it was an incredible nightmare. Unconsciously, he rubbed his
thin robot arms with his hard palms.
“That was because the program was accessing your deep images. Brain Burst carves up and filters the player’s desires, fears,
and obsessions to compose your duel avatar.”
“My…images. Fears and…desires,” Haruyuki mumbled, looking down at his body again. “This…this tiny, weak, smooth body is
what I wished for? I mean sure, it’s true I’m always thinking it’d
be better if I lost some weight…even so, a little more hero-like—”
“Ha-ha-ha! It’s not as simple as that. What the program reads
is not your ideal image but your feelings of inferiority. In your
case, you should probably just count yourself lucky you didn’t end
up with that pink pig as is as your duel avatar. Although I like
that one, too.”
“P-please don’t say that. I hate it.” He quickly considered
putting together a new black knight avatar for the school’s local
net as he asked, “But then does that mean that Brain Burst also
made your school avatar? That’s the image of your inferiority
complex? But it’s so beautiful…”
“No.” Eyes darkening slightly, Kuroyukihime lowered her face.
“This is one I put together myself with an editor. I…For my own
reasons, I’ve sealed off my actual duel avatar. I’ll tell you the reason one of these days, when the time comes.”
“Sealed…?”
“Unfortunately, my duel avatar is ugly. The epitome of
hideous. Although that’s not the reason I’ve sealed it away…Anyway, enough about me.”

Kuroyukihime shrugged, and her face quickly found its usual
mysterious expression. She petted Haruyuki’s helmet head once
again with a pale hand. “This morning you were thrust into a
fight with another Burst Linker through the global net. You
fought with this brand-new avatar. And you were thoroughly defeated. Correct?”
“Uh, well, pretty much. He crushed me.” Haruyuki reluctantly
remembered the fight stage he had been abruptly pulled into before school. He had been smashed, rammed, and sent flying by
the rude rider in the skeleton helmet straddling the bike in the
dark ruins, and his health gauge had dropped to nothing in the
blink of an eye.
Together with a pathetic sound effect, the text YOU LOSE had
appeared in front of him, and then…“I’m pretty sure…It showed
my name and level one, and then some weird number. Burst…
points, I think? That went from ninety-nine to eighty-nine.”
“Good, it’s good you remembered. Burst points! Those are the
very things that send us into this merciless battlefield.” Nearly
shouting, Kuroyukihime took a few steps toward the window and
whirled around. She thrust the parasol she held in both hands
down onto the floor with a sharp snap, and a small shard of the
cracked pavement flew off. “Burst points are, simply put, the
number of times we can accelerate. Accelerate one time, lose one
point. The initial value immediately after installation is one hundred, but because you accelerated once in the lounge yesterday,
you used up a point. And then you ended up using another point
earlier.”
“Gah…s-so how do we pay for them? Are we actually charged
real money?”
“No,” Kuroyukihime countered crisply. “There’s only one way
to increase your burst points: win Duels. If you win, your points
go up ten for a same-level battle. However, your points drop ten if
you lose. Like you did this morning.”

Turning her face sharply to the twilight sky on the other side
of the window, Kuroyukihime continued, almost murmuring.
“Acceleration is extremely powerful. It goes without saying that
winning fights means earning a perfect score on a test or winning
big at certain types of gambling or sports becomes child’s play.
The freshman player who broke the record for home runs at the
big Koshien tournament this summer was a high-level Burst
Linker.”
“Wh—”
“Therefore.” She cast the baffled Haruyuki a somehow sad
glance. “Once we’ve tasted this forbidden nectar, we have no
choice but to keep accelerating forever. And to earn the burst
points that permit us to do so, we have no choice but to keep
fighting forever.”
“J-just wait a minute.” That talented heavy hitter was a Burst
Linker? No, that’s not the issue. Isn’t there something off about
Kuroyukihime’s story? Haruyuki thought hard and then opened
his mouth. “Uh…um, before, you said if you win in a Duel, you get
ten points, and if you lose, you drop ten points, right? Then that
means…since you use points accelerating, the points all Burst
Linkers share only go down. So people who aren’t good at fighting
naturally lose all their points…What happens then?”
“You really do catch on quickly. It’s simple. You lose Brain
Burst.” Her dark eyes almost burning, Kuroyukihime stared directly at Haruyuki. “The program is automatically uninstalled and
can never be reinstalled. There’s no point in changing Neurolinker models, either. It recognizes you by your unique brain
waves. People who have lost all their points can never accelerate
again.” After relaying this in a bleak tone, she added, “Although
it’s not the case that the total pool only diminishes because new
people join in the fight, like you. That said, right now, the trend is
a slight decline.”
But Haruyuki barely heard this last part. “You lose…Brain

Burst.”
Even though he had only tasted the power of acceleration two
or three times, his back seized up at the mere thought. And it
wasn’t just that he wouldn’t be able to accelerate. For Haruyuki,
there was also the fact that he would lose his one point of contact
with Kuroyukihime, who lived in a totally separate world. Once
again, he felt the weight of those ten points taken from him by
that skull rider.
“Now then. What are you going to do, Haruyuki?”
Faced with this nearly whispered question, Haruyuki lifted his
head. “What do you mean?”
“At this point, you can still go back. To the regular world, without acceleration or fighting. You won’t see those idiots who were
bullying again, I guarantee it as a student council member.”
“I—I…” I don’t care about acceleration or Brain Burst or
whatever. I just don’t want to be away from you. Of course, he
couldn’t say anything like that. Instead, he clenched his silver fist
and replied, “I still have to repay you.”
“Oh?”
“You gave me Brain Burst and pulled me out of that hell. I can
at least see that you didn’t do it to steal my initial hundred points.
If you had, you could’ve told me anything; you had millions of options. So there must be something you want me to do. Some objective that was worth taking the time to check my squash game
score and lecture me from square one about acceleration. Am I
right?”
“Hmm. An astute inference.”
Through his silver mask, Haruyuki stared squarely at the
beautiful avatar with her faint smile. “I…I’m actually not the type

of person who gets to talk to you like this. I’m not cool. I’m a blob,
a crybaby, I hold grudges, I get jealous of the only two friends I
have, I run away at the drop of a hat. I really am a waste of skin.
I’m basically the worst.”
What am I saying? he thought, but the words poured out of
him and he couldn’t stop talking. His expressionless, mirror-like
avatar was some consolation, at least. “Even so, you reached out
to me, you directed with me, and I know it’s just because I was
kinda good at that game, I know you didn’t have any other reason, but I—I wouldn’t even, I mean.”
Seriously, what am I saying here? Get it together before you
talk. Aah, this is exactly the kind of time you need to accelerate.
Except you’re already accelerated.
Spiraling deeper into panic, Haruyuki felt compelled to bare
everything in his heart. “So…so I want to live up to your expectations. I want to properly repay the…m-mercy you showed me. I
don’t know what I can do, but if you’re having some trouble, I
want to do anything and everything to help. So I…I won’t uninstall Brain Burst. I’ll fight…as a Burst Linker.”
What the—? I should’ve just said that last part! How could I
have said all that other stuff?
Having finished vomiting words, Haruyuki made his thin
avatar even smaller and stared down, acutely embarrassed. He
braced himself for the fact that there was no doubt she was thinking that Mr. Self-Conscious here had gotten the wrong idea about
things somehow when the staccato pace of her response shook his
sense of hearing.
“Mercy? Don’t use words like that.”
Lifting his eyes slightly in shock, he saw her face twisted with
more obvious emotion than he had witnessed in her these few
days. “I’m nothing but a foolish, helpless junior high student. I’m

a human being, the same as you, standing in the same place,
breathing the same air. To say nothing of the fact that at this
stage, we are both Burst Linkers, exactly equal. You’re the one
creating a distance. Do these two virtual meters feel that far to
you?” Silently, she extended her pale right hand.
They do, Haruyuki murmured to himself. You have no idea
how terrifying it is for someone like me to even be seen by someone like you, who has everything. I’m happy to be your servant.
Just being a pawn to be moved on your orders is an unexpected
happiness. If I take your hand now, you’ll end up with expectations of me you shouldn’t have. Poisonous expectations you’ll
definitely end up regretting several times over.
It’s the same with Chiyuri and Takumu. I’m satisfied being
their happy, fat friend. If they would just quit pitying me and
sympathizing with me, I couldn’t ask for anything better.
The voice that came out of Haruyuki’s mouth was dry, like the
trees in the virtual twilight. “You rescued me from hell. That’s…
For me, that’s a life’s worth of happiness. I don’t need anything
else. Nothing at all.”
“Is that so?” Kuroyukihime murmured, lowering her hand. A
hard, heavy silence ruled the stage for a brief while. It was her
voice that broke the tension, smooth as if nothing had changed at
all. “I gratefully accept your aid. It is true that I currently have the
tiniest, troublesome problem. I’d like your assistance in resolving
the matter.”
Haruyuki nodded, holding his breath momentarily. “I’ll do
whatever I can. What do you need?”
“First of all, I need you to learn how Duels work. Go ahead and
click on your name displayed below your health gauge. Open
‘Help’ and check what all the normal and special attack commands are for your duel avatar.”

“S-special attack?” he parroted, staying the hand about to
reach up.
“Mm. When the program creates your duel avatar, it allocates
your already fixed potential according to your attributes. Some
excel at attacking, others have solid defenses, and peaky types
aim to settle battles in a single move with a special attack. But the
overarching principle is that the general potential of duel avatars
at the same level is exactly equal. You were crushed in your first
fight, but it’s not because your opponent was stronger. You simply didn’t know how to fight.”
That bike guy (Ash Roller) was level one just like Haruyuki.
Did he really have the same battle ability as Silver Crow, even
though he had seemed so overwhelming? If he did, then this
small, slender robot avatar definitely had to have an incredible
special attack. Heart pounding, Haruyuki stretched out a silver
finger and clicked on his name.
A semitransparent window popped open.
The movement of his body was depicted by a simple, humanshaped animation with the name of the technique displayed to its
right.
First up, a motion readying the right fist against the upper
thigh before being thrust forward. Normal attack: Punch.
Next. A motion pulling in the right leg and jamming it forward. Normal attack: Kick.
And finally, the special attack. Cross both arms, open them to
the left and right, and thrust the head out. This one was called
Head Butt.
That was it. There was nothing else.
“Um,” Haruyuki muttered, dazed. “Normal attacks, Punch and

Kick…and all I have for a special attack is a Head Butt.”
“Oh?” Hearing this, Kuroyukihime put the fingers of her right
hand to her lower jaw and tilted her head. Her expression didn’t
seem to change, but, unable to face her any longer, Haruyuki
quickly hung his head. Just imagining a tinge of disappointment
floating up in those black eyes made his whole body suddenly hot.
Before he knew it, his mouth was opening on its own. “No, it’s
fine. I mean, I expected this. Take one look at this avatar, and you
can clearly see it’s no good. I’m sorry I can’t live up to your expectations. It’s fine if you kinda leave me be. Just think of me as a
lottery you didn’t win.”
“You…idiot!!”
Haruyuki lifted his face, his whole body shaking with a start.
Before he knew it, Kuroyukihime was standing in front of him,
beautiful eyebrows raised, looking down at him with eyes like
raging fires.
“I won’t tell you how to live your life; as junior high students,
we’re on the same level. However, when it comes to Brain Burst, I
have more than six years more experience than you. Were you
not listening? When I told you that all the duel avatars have equal
potential? Or have you already forgotten?”
“B-but it’s just that my only attacks are Punch, Kick, and Head
Butt…”
“In which case, you most certainly have some strength somewhere to compensate.” Her gaze softening slightly, Kuroyukihime
continued as if admonishing him. “It was your heart that gave
birth to this duel avatar. If you don’t believe in it, then what does
that say?”
“That the person who is least able to believe in me is me,”
Haruyuki murmured to himself as he nodded. “I’m sorry. I be-

lieve…maybe not in myself, but at least in what you say.”
As she listened, Kuroyukihime’s face opened up slightly—although just into a bitter smile—and Haruyuki’s shoulders relaxed
a little.
“It seems you need to learn something else before how to fight.
Strength—” For a brief moment, the bitter smile became faintly
melancholy. “Strength is by no means simply a word indicating
victory. I spent a fair bit of time learning this. And by the time I
learned the lesson, it was already too late.”
Haruyuki couldn’t understand the meaning behind the words
she quietly spun out. He tilted his head and started to ask, but she
didn’t give him the chance, suddenly changing tracks.
“Time’s almost up.”
Looking, he saw that the counter with its original 1800 had
just barely twenty seconds left.
“So shall we make the next lecture a hands-on lesson?”
“Y…es? What do you…?”
Haruyuki stared, puzzled, and Kuroyukihime flashed him a
bold smile.
“Of course, you’ll go and get them back. Your ten points.”
At the time that the Duel ended with a draw screen, the acceleration released.
The moment they returned to the real-world lounge, Kuroyukihime yanked out the direct cable without giving Haruyuki a
chance to say anything. “Now then! Let’s eat, Arita. It’ll get cold
on us.” She grinned and picked up her small spoon off the table.
Having no other choice, Haruyuki reached out to the plate of

curry rice in front of him. In his perceived timeline, he’d brought
it over from the counter more than thirty minutes ago, but as it
was still steaming hot, his stomach clenched.
The same critical looks from the surrounding tables that he’d
gotten the day before shone a spotlight on Haruyuki, and he
wanted to abscond with his curry to some corner of the cafeteria.
But he couldn’t combat his empty stomach. He’d shoveled three
quick bites into his mouth when he heard one of the seniors at the
same table start talking to Kuroyukihime, and his throat clamped
shut.
“Kuro, isn’t it about time you told us? We’re seriously dying of
curiosity here. We really want to understand exactly what your
relationship is with the young man here.”
Haruyuki lifted his head with a start to recognize the fluffyhaired student council member he’d seen there yesterday. He was
pretty sure she was the eighth-grade clerk.
“Mm.” Kuroyukihime placed her spoon beside the gratin dish
and gracefully lifted her teacup, looking rather thoughtful. The
students around her fell instantly silent. “To be blunt, I told him I
liked him, and he blew me off.”
The world was full of shrieks and cries of surprise.
Spoon in mouth, curry in hand, Haruyuki fled.
“Uh…um, the thing is!!”
After spending the two remaining hours of the afternoon
under laser-like scrutiny, Haruyuki diagonally behind Kuroyukihime objected somewhat awkwardly as they headed toward the
school gates. “What were you thinking?! Everyone’s going to pick
on me now!! They will totally be picking on me!!”
“It was a proud declaration.” After a quiet laugh, Kuroyuki-

hime continued, her expression composed. “I didn’t go so far as
to tell the truth, did I? And I don’t think you were as displeased as
you’d have me believe.”
As she spoke, she swiftly gestured over her virtual desktop, allowing the flicking of her fingers to be seen. A file promptly arrived through the local net, and an icon started blinking in
Haruyuki’s field of view. Clicking on it, a large image opened up
in front of his eyes.
It was a picture of himself, curry spoon in mouth, exposing his
idiotic, gaping face.
“Gaaah!” he shouted, seeing it and immediately throwing the
file in the trash. “Wh-wh-wh-when did you take this camera
screenshot?! Even speed has its limits!!”
“What? It was just to commemorate.”
While they were having this back and forth, eyes seemingly capable of actual murder and maiming bore holes through
Haruyuki. Too late, he pulled his shoulders in but couldn’t completely hide himself in the shadow of Kuroyukihime’s slim body.
“Stand up a little taller. Not that many boys in this school have
blown me off. You are, in fact, the only one.”
“But exactly when did I do that?!”
“You’re so harsh. You’ll hurt me all over again…Anyway.” With
a single word, she put the issue on hold, and, recovering her center, she said in a low voice: “Once you leave the school gates, your
Neurolinker will be connected globally. Which means that any
Burst Linkers in Suginami area number three, which includes
here, will be able to force you to fight. Before someone jumps you,
accelerate, find Ash Roller in the matching list, and challenge
him.”

“A-area? Does that mean that there are limits on the range
where you can fight?”
Kuroyukihime dipped her head slightly at his question. “There
are. You might start a Duel with someone on the opposite side of
Tokyo, but thirty minutes will pass before you can even meet
them. At any rate, you might one day set foot on a group field
where any number of people can connect without limits, but that
won’t be until you get past level four. Right now, focus on the battles in front of you.” She brought the lecture to a close in a slightly
sharper voice. “I’ll just say this: If you lose, you can’t ask for a rematch right then and there. You can only fight the same opponent
once a day. I’ll be in the Gallery, but unfortunately, I won’t be
able to help you…Don’t look so disheartened. If you just fight like
I outlined in the mail I sent you, you won’t lose.”
“O-okay.” His throat issued a gulping sound, and he nodded.
He copied and pasted the content of the text she had sent him
during sixth period to his brain.
“This is your real debut battle, Silver Crow. Good luck.”
She pushed his back lightly, and Haruyuki stepped out onto
the road leading to the battlefield.

4
The battlefield was a Century End stage again, dotted with a
nightscape of abandoned buildings lit up by fires. Haruyuki made
his small avatar even smaller and concealed himself on the pedestrian bridge running over Kannana.
During the previous fight, he had been too freaked out, so he
hadn’t noticed that in addition to the remaining time and the
health gauge, a small light blue triangle was displayed in his field
of vision. It was a guide cursor roughly indicating the direction of
the enemy.
The triangle merely wavered as it hovered due north
Haruyuki’s position along the wide road. Even so, Haruyuki knew
his enemy, Ash Roller, was definitely not just twiddling his
thumbs somewhere off over the horizon. He was most likely making a beeline right for him. The cursor didn’t go so far as to tell
him the distance.
In his head, he went over the walkthrough Kuroyukihime had
sent.
After going over the information you gave me, I’ve determined that Ash Roller has two significant weak points. The first
is that he makes a great deal of noise when he moves.
That was definitely true. If he had been paying proper attention to his surroundings last time, he would’ve been able to hear
the enormous roar of the gasoline engine from a ways off. He
couldn’t make that mistake again. He held his breath and
strained his ears.

There it was!
An overbearing, thunderous sound made its way into his head,
although the cursor still didn’t waver. Ash Roller sounded like he
was racing down deserted Kannana Road with the engine open
full throttle. No doubt he was enjoying himself. If he rode a bike
in real life, too, it was probably a low-powered electric scooter
that crawled forward in the usual heavy traffic on this road. And
if his challenger happened to be the newb he had completely
crushed that same morning, all the better.
But this time, you at least won’t get a perfect win. Because the
first attack is mine.
Haruyuki gritted his teeth and glared at the blue cursor.
As before, it was still pointing due south, but he could tell how
close his enemy was by the sound of the engine. However, his opponent shouldn’t have been able to do the same. Given that he
was approaching at a high speed in a straight line, the direction of
Haruyuki’s cursor would only change the instant they were already entangled.
Flat on his stomach against the pedestrian bridge, Haruyuki
stared intently at the hill leading down toward Koenji Station.
The explosive noise gradually grew louder until he could feel it
shaking his body.
And then Haruyuki saw him.
The bike’s headlight was off, of course, but he was sure he saw
the red reflection of the bonfire flames shimmer across the
chrome. Fifteen—no, ten seconds until he made it to the intersection at the top of the hill.
Haruyuki would only have this one chance for a surprise attack. But the only weapons he had were his normal Punch and
Kick attacks. Which meant he had no choice but to jump from the

bridge and slam his entire body into the rider.
Too scary. I can’t actually do that. Haruyuki cursed in his
heart the version of himself who allowed this thought to flicker
through his head. Don’t be stupid. The me right now isn’t overweight, thirteen-year-old Haruyuki Arita; I’m the Burst Linker
Silver Crow. And this isn’t the real world, it’s a virtual game
field. I’ve given this world everything, all my time, my passion.
To the point where this basically is reality for me. In which case,
I can’t lose. Better—this time, the easy win’ll be mine, you stupid
skullhead!
“Aaaaaah!” Haruyuki screamed and yanked himself to his feet,
taking the iron rail in one step to leap over the edge.
The task of jumping from high up and landing a kick on the
rider of a motorbike flying along at more than a hundred kilometers an hour was next to impossible, probably even more impossible than Haruyuki thought.
But given that Haruyuki had spent so much time so focused on
hitting a nearly invisible ball in virtual squash, Ash Roller’s skull
helmet was too big a target to miss. Thrusting his right leg out
into the air and controlling his posture with his arms splayed,
Haruyuki became a silver arrow, shooting forward.
“Ohwaa?!”
He thought he heard a faint voice beneath the helmet’s visor,
but at that moment, Haruyuki’s silver-armored heel slammed
into its mark, right in the center of the skull.
Crrrrrrunch!! With an incredible detonation, cracks pierced
the center of the visor shooting outward. The rider’s head
snapped back, and Haruyuki slid over his face before crashing
into the asphalt and tumbling forward. His head spun momentarily, but he was quick to raise his eyes and check the damage behind him.

The motorbike careened off diagonally to the right, large
sparks flying from the front and rear brake rotors, before finally
crashing to a stop in a pile of rubble on the shoulder. The rider’s
body slammed into the tank, while the engine shut off with a pathetic clicking noise.
“…I—I did it,” Haruyuki murmured, clenching his fist before
checking their health gauges.
Silver Crow’s was down about 5 percent, appropriate damage
for a drop from high up. In contrast, Ash Roller was naturally seriously hurt; with both the flying kick and the crash, it looked like
he had taken considerable damage. More than 20 percent had
been shaved off his gauge, which was now slightly purple.
His first attack was basically a total success. But this wasn’t
the time to sit and bathe in the lingering sweetness of the critical
hit.
Standing up, he set his sights on the five-story building on the
left side of the road that he had scoped out in advance, and he
started running. According to Kuroyukihime, since the road was
the main field in the Century End stage, you couldn’t enter the
buildings. But that didn’t mean you couldn’t use a building’s external stairs.
The half-ruined stairs seemed to have been attached to the
wall as almost an afterthought. Leaping onto them, Haruyuki
sped up to the roof in one go.
Ash Roller’s second weak point. The majority of his avatar’s
potential is tied up in the bike. The rider’s battle power should be
essentially zero. Which is why, after you strike in your initial attack, you move to the roof of a building his bike can’t climb.
This was the battle strategy Kuroyukihime had given
Haruyuki.

If he climbed the stairs while ahead damage-wise, all he had to
do was wait for the time to be up and he’d win. Even if the rider
got off his bike and came up, he could easily beat him up with
Punch and Kick. Depending on your point of view, this was perhaps a cowardly strategy. But the truth was, Haruyuki loved this
style of winning, the clever assault at an opponent’s weak points.
In fact, he even thought that this path to victory was the true nature of gaming.
Haruyuki moved to the edge of the rooftop as he plotted and
tried to pay back in spades the sneering laughter Ash Roller had
dealt him that morning. Peering down, he saw that the rider had
finally managed to restart the engine of the crashed bike. The machine, idling raspily as if out of breath, pulled itself out from the
rubble.
As he wondered what sort of challenge he should issue,
Haruyuki heard a voice whispering somewhere, “Wow, he can
play after all, that little guy.”
“Totally different from this morning, huh? Wonder who his
‘parent’ is.”
Turning his eyes, he saw silhouettes sitting a little ways off on
the roofs of buildings around him, on the edge of an enormous
water tank, looking down at him. The Gallery.
Because Burst Linker fights lasted at most a mere one-pointeight seconds in the real world, you wouldn’t make it in time if
you accelerated once a fight had begun. So the game allowed you
to register the names of friends and Burst Linkers you were interested in, so that when any of those people started to fight, you
would also automatically accelerate and dive into the battlefield,
where you could watch. In this case, none of your points were
consumed.
Looking around, Haruyuki could make out figures who had
come to loiter on rooftops and the road here and there while his

attention had been on Ash Roller. Since there was no reason for
them to have marked Haruyuki, they were likely Linkers who had
registered his opponent’s name. However, there should have been
one person among them in the Gallery who had checked Silver
Crow’s name. Black Lotus, i.e., Kuroyukihime.
Whirling his head around, wondering where she was,
Haruyuki saw one of the two sitting on the tank wave a hand
lightly at him.
“If you win this Duel, I’ll put you on my list, too. Good luck,
kid!”
“Well, I don’t think it’s going to be as easy as all that.”
To the other person, Haruyuki responded in his heart, Sorry,
but you’re not going to get any more big-show stuff. We’ll
prob’ly just time out. With that thought, he shrugged lightly and
refocused his attention on the road.
And froze in astonishment.
In no time at all, Ash Roller’s bike, which had been nothing
more than a speck in the distance below him, had its front wheel
up against the building wall.
Hey…what do you think you’re doing?
The reply was a shrill cry of rage. “You really think you’re
something, huh, baldy!! I’ll make you dance to the sound of my Vtwin!!” The engine roared furiously, and puffs of exhaust rose
from the chrome muffler. The enormous American bike then
began to storm straight up the wall.
“Gah…”
Widening his eyes beneath his silver mask, Haruyuki pulled
back a step. A scant two seconds. The bike flew past the iron rail,

so close he could practically touch it if he reached out, bringing
the roaring and the smell of burning with it. The engine raced,
growling thunderously, and the bike, having flown up nearly two
meters past the top of the roof, turned to aim at Haruyuki and
started to drop.
“Aaaah!!” Panicking, he dashed a few more steps backward.
The rear tire hit the concrete roof with a tremendous crash.
Cracks spread out radially from the impact, and several shards
flew up and hit Haruyuki’s armor. Instantly, his health gauge
dropped, although by a mere dot, and Haruyuki was surprised
again.
In an ordinary fighting game, damage could occur only in ways
prescribed by the system. Brain Burst really wasn’t any ordinary
game. There was a degree of realism in the high-level graphics
and sound, and the persistence of the effects, to the point where
you couldn’t really distinguish it from reality.
This had to be the key to winning fights in this world.
Burning this into his mind, Haruyuki looked up at his enemy,
who had far more experience than he did.
Standing the bike up deftly, Ash Roller glanced down at
Haruyuki and started to talk in a high-pitched, metallic voice.
“Tell you what, kid, taking you down this morning finally pushed
my awesomeness over three hundred points. Made it to level
two.”
The skull visor on the gunmetal helmet had been smashed in,
revealing part of his bare face. Haruyuki had thought whatever
face was under that skull would have to be terrifying, but it was
more science-club style, the thin lines of a boy’s face.
The duel avatar is a manifestation of your inferiority complex. Kuroyukihime’s words flickered to life in the back of his

mind.
Ash Roller, stiffening his thin lips into something approximating a smile, revved the engine once before continuing. “And I was
having suuuuuch trouble deciding on my level-up bonus, you
know? In the end, I ditched the bonuses to my special attack and
my riding speed and went with the ability to drive up walls, get it?
And damn, I was so right!” He took his hands off the handlebars
and pointed both index fingers sharply at Haruyuki. “And
yoooouuu are hella unlucky!”
Haruyuki cursed in his head, but he wasn’t simply standing
there listening quietly to his enemy. He was staring intently at his
surroundings, remembering the mail Kuroyukihime had sent,
and using every bit of knowledge he had to try and find some way
out of this situation.
If your initial attack and escape fails, and you have to fight
Ash Roller on his bike face-to-face, I’m sorry to say your chances
of winning are quite small. Because—
Kuroyukihime had followed that with an explanation of duel
avatar “compatibility.”
The English names automatically given to the Burst Linkers
always included a color word. This color offered a rough grasp of
the features of the particular duel avatar.
Blues were short-distance direct attacks, reds were long-distance direct attacks, yellows were intermediate attacks. Intermediate colors like purple or green had characteristics straddling
two color types. In addition to colors on the color wheel were the
metallic colors, set aside with metal names, which excelled in defensive abilities rather than attacks.
The metallic colors, including your silver, are fairly rare, but
are also a strong color line. They have the ability to endure amputation, piercing, fire, and poison attacks, and given their hard

bodies, their abilities in terms of close-range attack are certainly
not insignificant. But, of course, they have weak points. Corrosion attacks are their natural enemy, with another weakness
being strike attacks.
Kuroyukihime, analyzing Silver Crow’s attributes, also went on
to list the characteristics of Ash Roller, who she had presumably
never seen.
In contrast, the “ash” in Ash Roller is a color belonging more
to blue than green on the color circle. The low saturation indicates the peculiarity of his attack. Since his tires are not an obvious weapon, it’s hard to tell, but most likely, his attribute is a
close-range strike type. In other words, your armor is very
nearly useless against Ash Roller’s charge. So there’s just one response in the event you end up in a face-to-face battle.
Run for your life for the entire remaining time.
Easier said.
Despairingly, Haruyuki checked the size of the building. Both
width- and height-wise, it was no more than twenty meters.
Kuroyukihime’s evasion strategy was based naturally enough on a
battle on the wide, deserted Kannana and didn’t take into account
a scenario where the motorcycle climbed walls.
All of which meant that Haruyuki had inadvertently fled to a
disadvantageous position all on his own.
Given the bike’s thrust, running for the emergency stairs was
pointless. Should he jump from the roof and just take the damage? But if his gauge dipped lower than Ash Roller’s, everything
up to now would have been for nothing.
A triumphant mounted knight, his opponent laughed ringingly
at Haruyuki rooted in place, unable to think of a way out. “Ha-haha-ha! No fight left in you, baldy boy? Well then, allow me!!”

The internal combustion machine screamed and blue smoke
rose up from the racing rear tire. The front tire made contact with
the ground with a thud, and the enormous bike charged, the
rider’s sights set on Haruyuki.

“Aaah!” he screamed, leaping to the right, but there was just too
little distance between them. The tire grazed the tip of his foot,
and his health gauge dropped abruptly. Simultaneous with the
shock of the impact, an instant pain danced across Haruyuki’s
nerves.
But re-creating the sensation of pain in a virtual game had
supposedly been prohibited by law ages ago. This really wasn’t
just a bit of fun. The battle was virtual, but real at the same time.
The bike turned on a dime about three meters away, screeching deafeningly, preparing to charge again.
Anything! There has to be something! Some secret trick to totally turn the tables, to come back from the dead—
Right, the special attack!
Even if it was called the prosaic Head Butt, it might have the
power to crush rocks or something. Haruyuki allowed himself
this sliver of hope and quickly crossed both arms in front of his
body exactly like the silhouette in the instructions. Next, he
opened his arms wide and threw his upper body back as hard as
he could.
Along with a vaguely dull vrooming sound effect, Haruyuki
was conscious of the fact that his shiny head was starting to glow
with a white radiance. Impressed murmurs rose up from the surrounding Gallery.
You can do this!!
Confident, Haruyuki glared at the enormous bike headed right
for him. “Aaaaaah!!” Screaming, he aimed his shining head at the
bike headlight and thrust.
Long before he could hit his mark, he was struck by the tough

tire and knocked on his back, opening up a human-shaped hole in
the concrete. The light effect on his head disappeared into space
and his special-attack gauge alone dropped to empty.
A burst of laughter from the Gallery shook the stage. Amidst
the laughter, the murmuring of one person reached his ears. “Too
bad, looks like this is the end.”
Haruyuki’s entire being was wrapped tightly in the familiar
warmth of humiliation.
Dammit. Damn. I’m supposed to be the hero in virtual games.
My character’s too weak. I mean, a special attack that’s just
some Head Butt that doesn’t even hit the target! I’m done for.
He managed to stand but crumpled again abruptly. As he
moved to sit down, he saw off in the distance, on the roof of a remarkably tall building, a silhouette standing tall and staring right
at him. Hair in thick rolls swaying in the night wind. Soft dress.
Almost-transparent butterfly wings.
He couldn’t see the expression on this shadow’s face, the size
of a grain of rice. However, Haruyuki felt its fierce energy.
No. You can’t give up. If you have to lose, then struggle, fight,
make it ugly. If you can’t do at least that much, you can’t even be
her pawn.
Brushing aside his humiliation, Haruyuki mobilized every bit
of knowledge and experience he had and thought intently.
Virtual while real. That was Brain Burst’s major feature. Overwhelming detail and reality. In which case, Ash Roller’s bike
wasn’t just a bunch of polygons. There had to be a weak point in
that meticulous reproduction.
The bike. The main bit, the gasoline engine from the last century—what’s that about? Noisy. Stinks like gas. Those would be

weak points before you actually ran into it, but they don’t matter now.
It can’t move when it runs out of gas. If I made a hole in the
tank—No, I can’t pull off that kind of pinpointed attack.
Isn’t there anything else? Anything—
The bike, whirling around and leaving a trail of burnt rubber
under the rear tire, turned its shining yellow eye on Haruyuki for
the third time.
In that instant, Haruyuki swallowed sharply. Got it. That’s it.
The main feature of an internal combustion engine bike and its
weak point.
“Yeaaaaah! Ha-ha-ha-ha!! Dance for me!!” Screaming, the
iron horse began to run.
Just one time is enough. Move, Silver Crow. Faster than that
guy. Haruyuki clenched his teeth and glared at the charging bike.
Right. No matter how fast he goes, it’s not going to be so fast I
can’t see him. I’ll make a show of trying to avoid him, just barely
dodge him.
Gathering his powers of concentration, Haruyuki slid a mere
fifty centimeters to the right when he was on the verge of being
sent flying again. The tip of the handlebar brushed against him,
and Ash Roller passed in front of him.
Instantly, Haruyuki stretched out both hands and, bracing
himself for damage, grabbed the edge of the black fender covering the bike’s rear tire. The shock threatened to rip his fingers
loose, while sparks flew from every joint in his arms, and his
health gauge dipped lightly.
The bike slowed a little. Haruyuki didn’t let the chance slip by,
digging both legs into the floor, putting all his energy into throw-

ing his body backward. His steel feet crunched as they shaved
concrete off the ground, and his gauge continued to drop.
“Whoo-hoo!!” Looking over his shoulder, Ash Roller let loose
with a loud laugh. “Stuuuuuupid!! As if an insect like you could
stop my monster machine!!”
The rider’s boots kicked the foot pedal hard. Black leather
gloves twisted the throttle. The engine screamed and roared, and
flames shot out of the muffler. The impressive torque of the
American bike worked its magic, and the machine started to accelerate again, dragging Haruyuki along.
“Zoooooowwwwww!!” As he listened to the incredibly abrasive
sound of the bottoms of his own feet screeching along, Haruyuki
let out a scream, overcome with pain and heat almost like his feet
were being shaved off with a rough file; no, it was exactly like
that.
“Ha-ha-ha-ha! You don’t let go soon, you’re gonna be at zero
in no time!!” Over Ash Roller’s triumphant voice was a grating
metallic noise. Both of Haruyuki’s feet were completely red, overheating, and his health gauge was dropping so fast, it was scary.
But he didn’t let go. Gritting his teeth under his silver mask
and fighting to endure the painful heat, he continued to simply
dangle from the tail of the bike.
If it were the surface of Kannana Road below them, Silver
Crow’s small body might have become scrap iron and turned to
dust soon enough, just as Ash Roller said. But in the limited space
of the abandoned building’s roof, Ash Roller couldn’t run in a
straight line forever.
The low railing drew near before his eyes, and the skull rider
leaned on the bike with a strange whoop before entering a spin
turn. Sparks flew from the brake rotors, and white smoke rose up
from the fat tires.

“Ngaaah!” Haruyuki tried desperately to hold on as he was
nearly thrown in the centrifugal force.
Just a little more. In half a second, my first and last chance is
going to come.
The engine rpm dropped, and the bike ended the spin and
went to commence its mad dash anew. Immediately before it
could, for the tiniest sliver of time, the soles of Silver Crow’s feet
gripped the ground solidly.
“Aaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki screamed. At the same time, he dug
deep for every bit of strength he could muster and yanked the
fender he was gripping with both hands straight up into the air.
His knees, elbows, and shoulders all sparked, and his health
gauge, which had dropped to about 20 percent, was eaten down
to its last 10 percent, but his thin arms bore the enormous load,
stretched out in front of him.
A tenth of a second later, the fat rear tire raced fiercely, but the
kinetic energy could not be transformed into propulsive force. Because, although just barely, the tread had been separated from
the ground.
“Uh…uh?!” Ash Roller cried, straddling the seat with his back
to Haruyuki. Apparently flustered, he jerked his right arm two,
then three times. Each time, the engine roared and the rear wheel
raced frantically. But the steel machine didn’t move a centimeter.
This was the weak point Haruyuki had picked up on. Unlike
electric motorcycles, which were equipped with motors in the
front and rear wheels, the internal combustion engine motorcycles of the previous era only drove the rear wheel using a chain
connected to the engine. It would have been absolutely impossible for him to lift the entire bike, but stiffening his metallic robot
avatar and just bringing up the rear a tiny bit was something he
could do for at least an hour.

“Y-you! Come on!! Drop it, stupid!!”
Haruyuki looked up at Ash Roller, twisting his body and
yelling over his shoulder. And then, even though his opponent
likely couldn’t see, he smiled complacently. “Nah. If you’re really
stuck, try making your front wheel turn.”
Having returned to the unaccelerated world, Haruyuki inhaled
deeply in the afternoon sun before exhaling slowly. Given that the
fight had been decided with the counter still at 600, he calculated
that no more than a second or so had gone by in the real world.
But the palms of his hands were dripping with sweat and cold to
the point of being numb.
As he pushed the button on his Neurolinker to disconnect
from the global net with a stiff finger, he was suddenly hit sharply
on his back.
“Hey! You did it, Silver Crow! To be honest, I thought you
were done for.”
Turning around, he found Kuroyukihime’s pretty face, complete with a rare, bright smile. It was only natural, since they had
accelerated standing next to each other outside the school gate,
but in the stage, she had been watching the battle from the roof of
a building in the distance, so he was slightly confused.
That was the real distance between us. Don’t go getting any
ideas , he told himself as he returned her smile awkwardly. “I—I
thought I was done for, too.”
“Don’t be modest. That was an amazing win. I hadn’t given
any thought to the internal structure of Ash Roller’s bike at all.
That was probably the first time that weak point had been attacked, thanks to that burst of power from your avatar. In any
case, you certainly did get your points back.”
“I got more than that. Twenty points were added to my total;

he was at level two.”
Kuroyukihime blinked in surprise, the smile on her face
quickly becoming even wider, and she hit Haruyuki on the shoulder again. “Ha-ha-ha! He was? So that’s why he could ride up the
wall like that.”
“It’s not funny. I was totally terrified.”
“Hee-hee-hee, no, I’m sorry. But, well, that did allow you to
win in an interesting, cool way, didn’t it? I overheard members of
the Gallery talking, and apparently, you’re the first one to attack
Ash Roller like that. It was a magnificent win.”
“U-uh-huh.”
After spending about five minutes stubbornly yelling and
screaming from on top of his bike, drive wheel up in the air and
going nowhere, Ash Roller finally climbed down.
Haruyuki leapt forward immediately, as if the chance might
slip away, and shifted the conflict to an intimate hand-to-hand
combat, swinging his fists, silver like his name, to win handily.
“Punch and Kick are starting to look better and better somehow. As for Head Butt, at any rate, with a more orthodox handto-hand-type opponent, you won’t have to deal with that delay.
But how long are we going to stand here talking?”
At Kuroyukihime’s question, he looked around again and discovered students on their way home walking along or stopping
and staring openly and curiously at the two of them in front of the
school gates.
Shrinking his body with a start, as if to hide himself in his own
shadow, Haruyuki saw Chiyuri’s face in the circle of people and
stopped breathing. Reflexively, he turned his face away abruptly.
The memory of fleeing from Chiyuri and Takumu the day be-

fore was still fresh. After going and doing that, even though he
still hadn’t apologized for the sandwich thing, he didn’t have the
slightest idea how he was even supposed to start trying to fix
things.
No. It’s not my fault. It’s Chiyuri’s fault. I mean, I told her I
don’t know how many times to keep it quiet, and she went and
told Takumu anyway. I didn’t ask them to pity me or feel sorry
for me.
“What should we do?” Kuroyukihime said somewhat doubtfully to Haruyuki as he cast his eyes downward obstinately. “If
we’re going to go somewhere else, there’s that cafe over there.
Hm? You—”
“What do you want with Haru?”
Haruyuki jumped at Chiyuri’s voice, suddenly so close. Lifting
his face with a start, his eyes flew to his childhood friend arching
her small body fiercely and confronting Kuroyukihime. Thick eyebrows fixed at an angle that only Haruyuki knew indicated maximum competitiveness, Chiyuri continued argumentatively in a
low voice, “The reason Haru got into that fight yesterday was because of your meddling, wasn’t it? And yet here you are again,
making a spectacle of him like this. What do you want? Is this fun
for you?”
Eeep. What is this, what is going on, what am I supposed to
do here?
His entire body paralyzed, the situation having surpassed his
capacity to deal with it, Haruyuki tried to move his frozen mouth.
“H-hey, Chiyu—”
“Shut up, Haru!!” She shot him a look that had been carved
into his memory since infancy, and Haruyuki had no choice but
to stand at attention and stay silent as her former subordinate.

Even faced with the superheated Chiyuri beam, Kuroyukihime
showed her usual composure and tilted her head ever so slightly,
cool smile on her lips. “Hmm. I don’t quite understand. Are you
saying that I am playing around, that I am doing something Arita
is not happy with?”
“Aren’t you? Haru hates this kind of thing, standing out so
much, being stared at. He’s been seriously bothered this whole
time, although I suppose you can’t tell.”
“Hmm, I see. It’s true that I may have placed Arita in a situation not entirely to his liking. However, I believe that choosing or
not choosing is up to him. I wonder if you have any right to be
saying anything here?”
“I do. I’ve been friends with Haru longer than anyone at this
school.”
“My! Friends…hm?” Hearing Chiyuri’s proclamation, the chilliest Kuroyukihime smile rose up on her beautifully pale face. “In
that case, I rank somewhat higher. You may have heard the rumors, but I confessed my crush to him and am currently awaiting
a reply. We were just about to go on a short date.”
Gaaaah. I can’t can’t, this is the end of the world, no choice
but to change schools tomorrow.
Chiyuri and everyone around them froze almost like when he
was accelerated. Haruyuki also froze in an unnatural position,
just his sweat in motion, pouring off his face.
In the silence, Kuroyukihime pulled a snow-white handkerchief from her uniform pocket. “He’s a strange one. Almost winter and yet…” After wiping away Haruyuki’s sweat, she hooked
her arm tightly through his right elbow. “Now then, farewell, Miss
Friend.”
And she began walking forward through the students to their

left and right, almost as if walking a red carpet, dragging
Haruyuki’s large body with her.
Dragged along and facing backward, Haruyuki watched in terror as the face of his childhood companion changed from dumbfounded shock to the brink of detonation, anger gauge three
times above capacity.

*

*

*

“I—I—I know I’m repeating myself, but…wh-what are you thinking?!” Haruyuki shouted and finally ripped his arm free of
Kuroyukihime after they had left the main road and entered a
brick-paved back lane. “L-l-l-let me just tell you, there are some
things in this world that can’t be fixed by acceleration!!”
“A-ha-ha-ha-ha!” Kuroyukihime laughed delightedly from her
belly. “Ha-ha-ha! And you’ve already arrived at the very heart of
the Burst Linker! Isn’t that lovely?”
“It’s not! Not at all! If I stop coming to school, it’s all your
fault!”
“Now, now, you didn’t look entirely displeased, you know. I
also managed to get the perfect screenshot this time, too. Want to
see?”
“I do not! Please throw it away!!”
“Hee-hee-hee…” Kuroyukihime continued laughing for a
while, shoulders shaking slightly, as the heels of her loafers hit
the wear-resistant brick surface of the road with a biting sound.
Finally, she recomposed her face, exhaling softly, and continued.
“I’m a little concerned. Or rather, there’s something I’d like to
confirm.”
“Huh? Concerned? You mean, about Chiyuri?”
“Oh? You’re on a first-name basis?”
“Oh! Uh, no, it’s Kurashima, Chiyuri Kurashima, grade seven,
class one.”
“I know. Although this is the first time I’ve heard about her
being your best friend. What I really want to know, though, is…

are you really just plain old friends?”
Bathed in her suspicious gaze, Haruyuki bounced his head
fiercely up and down. “We are. Childhood friends, stuck-witheach-other kind of thing…I mean, she has a boyfriend.”
“Oh? Even still…no…mm. Hmmmm.”
“What’s ‘hmmmm’?”
“Oh, nothing. I just saw again the depths of the real world.”
“Uh…uh-huh.” Not understanding, he swallowed a sigh and
asked something that had been bugging him for a while. “Um…
before, did you say you already knew Chiyuri’s name?”
“Yes, I did. Quite coincidentally, I’ve been paying attention to
her for different reasons than I have been you.”
“Wh-what do you mean?”
“I can’t explain it in just a few words. It’s directly connected to
why I came to invite you to the accelerated world. Anyway, let’s
discuss it at length over tea. It’s my treat, a celebration of your
victory,” Kuroyukihime said as she changed direction, stepping
toward the branch of a coffee-shop chain, which was apparently
the destination she’d had in mind right from the start.
Maybe because the afternoon was still young, fortunately, the
shop had only a smattering of customers. As soon as Kuroyukihime stepped through the door, though, Haruyuki felt those few
gazes locked onto them. It made him afraid to keep going.
Even at the best of times, Haruyuki had never done anything
even remotely close to having tea alone with a girl on his way
home from school. Indeed, he had never done anything like this
in his life, and his brain immediately overloaded. He ordered a
large, sweet drink almost automatically, quietly allowed himself
to let her pay, and staggered to a table in the back. As he inserted

the cable she produced, he thought, Whoa! What’s going on?
This is almost like a real date—
Prob’ly doesn’t look like that, though. I mean, the two of us?
Older sister, little brother? No, mistress and flunky?
“I know what you’re thinking, you know.” She scowled lightly,
and he hurriedly sipped at his sweet, caramel-flavored concoction.
“N-no. It’s nothing. Anyway, before…The reason you invited
me to the accelerated world—”
“Don’t be in such a hurry. It’s…a long story.” After gracefully
raising her not-very-sweet-looking drink to her lips, Kuroyukihime rested her chin in her hand with a short sigh.
In the pale yellow light coming in through the window, she
looked like something out of some old foreign movie while nevertheless remaining a uniformed junior high school student, and
Haruyuki was unconsciously struck dumb. It was almost like he
was sitting in front of an old projector screen with a direct cable
stretching out from it. He’d been spacing out like this for who
knew how long when Kuroyukihime suddenly rapped his right
hand on the table, and he nearly flew out of his seat.
“Anyway, you really did great back there. Let me congratulate you on your victory once again, Haruyuki.”
“Uh, thanks. Thank you. It’s because of all your advice.”
“No, it was your own resourcefulness. If you keep it up, you’ll
be level two in no time. You might even make it up to three before the end of the year.”
“Uh…uh. Honestly, I can’t even imagine that…” He had only
just barely snatched up his first victory. The idea of having to win
dozens more fights like that in the future made his mind go

blank.
The smile disappeared abruptly from Kuroyukihime’s face,
and she nodded as if reading Haruyuki’s thoughts. “Mm. In fact,
the road ahead is unimaginably long. Of the estimated thousand
Burst Linkers, the number of those who have been raised to level
four is fairly limited. Getting to five or six is nearly impossible in
solo play. And it’s no mistake to assume that level-seven and eight Burst Linkers are all commanders of enormous groups.”
“G-groups?”
“Like the guilds or teams you often see in other online games.
We are army corps. Called Legions. The current accelerated
world is split into and ruled by six enormous Legions. And commanding these are the only six Burst Linkers who have reached
level nine. Named Blue, Red, Yellow, Green, Purple, and White,
they are the Six Kings of Pure Color!” Her voice, suddenly sharp
like a knife, echoed in his brain, and Haruyuki opened his eyes
wide. Conscious of his gaze, Kuroyukihime fluttered her eyelids
briefly and gave a faintly bitter smile. “I’m sorry for yelling.”
“It’s fine…but, so, six people?” He was surprised there were
even as many as a thousand Burst Linkers, but he could only be
baffled that so few had made it to level nine. “I’ve played a lot of
different net games, but I’ve never heard of so few players
reaching the level cap.”
“Must feel incredible,” Haruyuki murmured jealously, and
Kuroyukihime, listening to him, raised a single eyebrow and
shook her head.
“I didn’t say that level nine was the limit.”
“Huh? Th-then there’s a level ten, too? How many people…?”
Her response was another dismissive gesture. Kuroyukihime

took another sip of coffee, her seat back making a faint noise as
she turned her attention out to space. Pulling at her motion, the
direct cable shook, shining silver between them.
“Brain Burst…Formally titled Brain Burst 2039, the program
was released seven years ago by an unknown maker and has already been updated several times. However, despite the fact that
so much time has passed, there is not a single Burst Linker who
has reached level ten. The sole reason is…the severity of the dictated rules.”
“Do you mean you have to win an incredible amount of
fights? Like a thousand or…ten thousand?”
“No, just five is sufficient.” A slightly dangerous smile flitted
across the lips pronouncing this unexpected revelation. “However, for this purpose, you may only fight another level nine
Linker. And if you lose once in a level-nine battle, you instantly
lose all your points, and Brain Burst is forcefully uninstalled.”
Kuroyukihime turned her pitch-black eyes on her speechless
companion. “Haruyuki. Don’t you think it’s strange that Brain
Burst, which makes possible the marvelous phenomenon of accelerated thought, has been able to stay hidden from the general
public for the last seven years?”
Haruyuki was bewildered by the sudden question, but now
that she mentioned it, it was seriously weird. If there were a thousand Burst Linkers, the secret should have leaked out from somewhere long ago and amazed the world.
“It stays a secret because of how strict the requirements are
for compatibility with Brain Burst.”
“Requirements? Like being good at games or something?”
Kuroyukihime smiled bitterly at Haruyuki’s question and
replied, “Nothing as ambiguous as that. The most serious re-

quirement is having ‘continuously worn a quantum connection
Neurolinker terminal from shortly after birth.’ The first-generation Neurolinkers went on the market fifteen years ago. Which
means”—Kuroyukihime paused before continuing slowly—“there
are no adult Burst Linkers. The oldest are a meager fifteen years
old, mere children. And because they are children, while they are
Burst Linkers, they will try to protect that privilege at all costs.
And after the program is forcefully uninstalled, they wouldn’t be
believed even if they were to say anything to an adult.”
For a brief moment, an ironic smile crossed her glossy lips.
“And because they are children, they share the same sweet
fantasies. In summer two years ago, the young kings all reached
level nine at very nearly the same time. A system message then
informed them of the brutal requirements to reach level ten. Did
they, as a result, plunge into bloody dispute? No. What the kings
chose was eternal stagnation. Rather than move forward, they
prioritized maintaining their own tiny gardens. In other
words…they decided to divide and rule over the accelerated
world in Legions and concluded agreements to prevent the invasion of other territories. It’s honestly a total farce. This, even
though we had hunted countless Linkers to reach level nine.”
Haruyuki swallowed hard. A pain raced down his dry throat,
and after taking a large sip of his melted caramel frappe, he put
forth his thoughts timidly. “So you’re saying your objective is to
challenge these Six Kings of Pure Color…?”
Hearing this, Kuroyukihime allowed a mysterious smile onto
her lips. “No, I already did that.”
“Wha…?!”
“The Six Kings…they used to be the Seven Kings of Pure Color.
Seven boys and girls, who, although rivals, were bound by
strong ties. They fought one another countless times, winning

and losing nearly the same amount but never holding even a
shred of resentment. The Black King betrayed them all and tried
to hunt them. Until that night two years ago.”
Black…King.
Which means that avatar name…ruled Black…Haruyuki
opened his eyes wide and gulped his breath back.
Kuroyukihime nodded slowly. “Yes…It was me. The Black
King, Black Lotus, was the only one of those who had reached
level nine who spoke out against choosing peace. I threw away
everything—ties, friendship, respect—and insisted that we
should throw ourselves into fighting, wagering our accumulated
points. And when they refused to listen, I dyed the round table of
our meeting with fresh blood.”
“Wh-what did you do?”
“The last night the Seven Kings met in one building—although, of course, we have never met in the real world. Burst
Linkers must do their utmost to hide their real names and faces.”
Haruyuki was about to ask why, but he quickly deduced the
reason. If other Burst Linkers found out your name or what you
looked like, in the worst-case scenario, they could attack you in
the real world. People pressed into a desperate situation, people
who needed to earn points no matter what, would probably go to
such lengths.
Kuroyukihime nodded slightly, as if reading Haruyuki’s mind,
and continued. “The meeting that night took place in Battle
Royale mode, connecting all seven of us as fighters on the same
field. I…The Red King appeared before me, preaching friendship
and insisting we stop fighting. He caught me off guard…”
The pale face beneath her shining bangs collapsed. Fixing her

empty eyes on a single point, Kuroyukihime recounted the rest
mechanically. “I cut his head off. A perfect critical hit…He instantly lost all the health in his gauge and, under the new rules,
all his points as well, finally losing Brain Burst itself as a result.
The current Red King is the second one. After that…all hell broke
loose. Ha-ha! Purple, who had been in love with Red, screamed
and wept; Blue went crazy with rage; and we all began to try
and kill one another—no honor, no respect. We knew it was our
first and last chance, you see…We struggled desperately to take
the other five heads, we were so reckless.”
Her lightly colored lips twisted and a laugh slipped out of her
actual mouth. “The ability to make rational judgments went out
the window. Stirred up by madness, I fought, and although I
couldn’t take another king, I was also not defeated, and before I
knew it, thirty minutes had passed and I was linked out. In the
two years since, I’ve focused on running and hiding. Right now,
I am the biggest traitor in the accelerated world, I have the
largest bounty on my head, and I am the worst coward.”
“…Why…” Haruyuki’s thoughts were half paralyzed by the
gruesomeness of this near-monologue, and even simple questions
escaped his consciousness. “Why would you…”
“Because I put it far above friendship, above honor…becoming level ten. You could even say that alone is what I lived for.
The system message also told us this. That Burst Linkers reaching level ten would have the chance to meet the program creator
and would be told the true meaning behind the existence of
Brain Burst, as well as its ultimate goal. I…I want to know.
Whatever it takes, I have to know.” Propping her elbows up on
the table and hiding her face in tightly clasped hands, Kuroyukihime whispered to Haruyuki, in neurospeak so leaden it was as if
it were echoing up from an infinite abyss. “Accelerating your
thinking, you can get money, grades, fame. Is this really the
meaning behind our Duels? Is this the compensation we seek, the

limit we can reach? Isn’t…isn’t there something beyond this?
This…shell called a human being…outside…something more…”
Aah.
A little, honestly just a tiny bit…I get it. Like being on the
ground, where it’s hard to hold on, and looking up at the distant
sky.
Almost as if even this fleeting thought had been communicated to her, Kuroyukihime slowly lifted her face and stared at
Haruyuki with eyes glowing urgently.
But that, too, was fleeting, and the beautiful senior, both arms
flopped down on the table, smiled dryly and murmured, “So? Are
you shocked? Or maybe you hate me, Haruyuki. Perhaps I’ll sacrifice even you at some point for my objective. It’s fine if you say
you can’t help me anymore. I won’t try to stop you. I won’t try to
take your Brain Burst.”
After thinking for approximately two seconds, Haruyuki nervously reached his right hand out and stopped about a centimeter
in front of Kuroyukihime’s fingertips. “Er, well…,” he said. “In
any game, some people want to forget about seeing the ending,
and they just roam around the map right before the end forever.
They’re obviously idiots. It’s only natural to try for higher levels,
if there are any. I mean, that’s why Brain Burst exists, right?”
This wasn’t just a lie to suck up to Kuroyukihime. As a hardcore gamer from before he could remember, he sincerely believed
this from the bottom of his heart.
Kuroyukihime’s eyes widened in surprise, and then she
laughed lightly and brilliantly a few seconds later. “Pft, ha-ha-ha!
How did this happen? You’re already more of a Burst Linker
than I am. I get it…Only natural to aim for it; that’s where we
are, is it…”

“I-it’s nothing to laugh at.” Slightly hurt, Haruyuki pursed his
lips, and then sat up straighter before continuing. “A-anyway,
that’s why I’ll keep helping you. I mean, I want to get there one
day, too…to level ten.”
Kuroyukihime’s left hand suddenly moved over the tabletop to
grab Haruyuki’s right hand. “Thank you.” Her thought, free of the
empty undertone it had held only recently, poured warmly into a
flustered Haruyuki. “Thank you, Haruyuki. I knew…I knew I
made the right decision. I’m so glad from the bottom of my heart
that I chose you.”
Here was where he should squeeze her hand back and meet
her eyes. But there was absolutely no way Haruyuki could do anything like that.
Instead, instinctively, he pulled his hand back, drew his shoulders in turtle-like, and mumbled in tight neurospeak, “N-no, it’s—
You won’t really be able to get a lot of use out of me…A-anyway,
to get to the main part of it, you…What am I supposed to do?”
In the short silence that followed, was it pity that floated up in
those still eyes regarding him?
Finally, after a quiet sigh, Kuroyukihime uttered softly, “Right.
The introductory bit ended up going long. But let’s get to the
heart of it. I told you before I managed to survive these last two
years, yes?”
Haruyuki released the long breath he had been holding as he
lifted his face and nodded with a gulp at Kuroyukihime, whose
expression had returned to its normal complacency.
“That doesn’t mean that I’ve won out in challenges from the
blood-crazed kings themselves or assassins they’ve dispatched.
Rather…these two years, I haven’t once connected my Neurolinker to the global net. If your name isn’t on the matching list,

you won’t get any challenges, you see?”
“Guh…a-are you serious?” he groaned unconsciously. For
Haruyuki, taking in information from the global net was as necessary as drinking water and breathing air. This wasn’t just a
metaphor; he had no doubt he would wither and die without it.
“Very serious. With the fixed-panel terminal, you can still
view sites and read your mail. Although the 2-D screen does
make my eyes tired. You can get used to anything. But even if
I’m cut off from the global net, there is just one net I absolutely
must connect with every day, because of my position in society.”
“Y-your position…? You mean, a rich girl—I mean, a
princess?”
“Idiot!”
Shot down by that cool voice, he finally started to realize the
person before him was just a junior high student like him. “O-oh,
right. The Umesato Junior High local net. So, so, w-wait a
minute. You can’t mean…”
“I do mean.” Kuroyukihime drank down the last of her coffee
and crushed the cup. “Two months ago, the very day summer
vacation ended, I was challenged to a Duel through the in-school
local net. By someone at Umesato, just like us.”
The words that followed further baffled an already dumbfounded Haruyuki.
“Then the worst thing…Back then, I changed my original duel
avatar to a dummy spectator avatar.”
“Dummy…There’s a function like that?”
“Mm. There are many times when it’s preferable to hide who

you really are and watch from the Gallery. Naturally, the
dummy avatar has no battle capacity. However, that’s not the
problem…When I think about it now, I realize I was extremely
careless. I used my avatar for the local school net as my dummy
as well. I certainly didn’t expect a Burst Linker to show up all of
a sudden at our school.”
After a moment’s confusion, Haruyuki jumped up lightly,
sending his chair clattering back. “Huh? You mean that black
swallowtail…?!” The bewitching avatar that popping up in the
back of Haruyuki’s mind projected perfectly onto the graceful
uniformed figure in front of him. “Your enemy saw it…on the
school net? Which means…Then that’s…”
“Good guess. That’s right, this person knows”—Kuroyukihime
released the cup onto the tray and pressed her right hand firmly
against her chest—“that the real me here is Black Lotus. A Burst
Linker’s greatest taboo: outed in the real world. I was afraid of
real attacks by assassins sent by the Six Kings.”
Attacks…in the real world.
Haruyuki had already guessed at the terror hidden in those
words. If you could pinpoint someone’s identity in the real world,
then at the extreme end of the spectrum, it was possible to kidnap, confine, beat, or threaten that person and steal every last
point they had.
Of course, this would be a serious crime. But even in “normal
games,” problems between players had been known to develop
into deadly incidents in the real world. And Brain Burst was not
just a game.
Haruyuki held his breath and waited for Kuroyukihime to continue. But…
“That said, there haven’t been any, not one. Not even a vague

sense of contact, much less an attack.”
“What…?”
“I was deeply perplexed, but—This is all I can think. My
enemy…intends to monopolize me. With the good fortune of having discovered me, whoever it is wants to gradually run me
down, big-game bounty that I am, and take every single one of
my points for themselves, without telling the Legion they belong
to.”
“Run you down…?”
Staring intently at Haruyuki tilting his head, Kuroyukihime
coughed and began making a list as if it were obvious. “In the toilet. While I’m changing. In the shower. There are plenty of moments where I’m emotionally defenseless at school. If someone
pinpointed these times and challenged me to a fight, I certainly
wouldn’t be able to respond at the top of my game.”
“In the…shower…” Unthinkingly, he imagined the whole
scene, and betrayed by his voice, Haruyuki was once again the recipient of an icy glare. Fortunately, however, Kuroyukihime
didn’t press any further and continued with a sigh. “The truth is,
in these last two months, I’ve been attacked more than a dozen
times. The timing has always been less than ideal, although I’ve
managed to get away with draws so far.”
“I—I get it. So basically, this guy’s, like, seriously greedy,
then…but in a sense, that’s the silver lining, I guess…”
“Well, better than an attack in the real world, anyway. But
that being said, I can’t exactly trade in my dummy avatar for
my original duel avatar and beat him down. My enemy might
end up thinking his plan isn’t going to work and give up on my
points, then strike a bargain to give my head to the Six Kings for
some meager bounty.”

“O-oh…right…uh-huh.” Haruyuki nodded unconsciously. This
was basically the definition of cornered. “Okay, but what are you
going to do? You can’t run, and you can’t even get them before
they get you.”

“This I know. There’s only one way to break free. I find out the
player’s real identity. Just who is this unknown Burst Linker—
what grade, what class?”
Haruyuki was suddenly overcome with the urge to slap his
knee. If they both knew the other’s identity, they would naturally
be forced to a cease-fire to protect their own Brain Burst. “Right,
of course. Then your enemy would be totally blocked. And, I
mean, that’s fairly simple, right? Like at morning assembly or
something, when all the students are together in the auditorium,
you just accelerate and challenge whoever it is to a fight. You
can figure out their class and student number from where they
appear.”
“Oh, aren’t you something? It took me a full day to come up
with that idea.”
“So…you’ve already tried that?”
“I have. And…I was shocked. It’s been quite a while since I
was that surprised.”
“Wh-who was it?”
“No one was there.” Kuroyukihime’s response was something
Haruyuki had not expected. “My name was the only one on the
matching list. Listen, we both know Umesato students are not
allowed to disconnect from the school net for even a second
while they’re at school, because attendance and the lessons
themselves happen via the net. So if you were to disconnect,
there would immediately be a school-wide warning broadcast.
This is exactly the reason I can’t avoid my enemy’s attacks. And
yet…whoever it is wasn’t on the list!”
“M-maybe they were home sick or something.”

Kuroyukihime stared at Haruyuki and sniffed lightly. “I
checked. Everyone came to school that day. And moreover, once,
immediately after I was attacked and barely managed a draw
before escaping, my opponent’s name was not on the list. In
other words…it’s hard to believe, but this player can block, by
some means or other. They can challenge people to all the fights
they want, but not a single Burst Linker can trespass on them. A
tremendous privilege, and one that erases the great underlying
principle of the accelerated world. Someone able to do that…
You’d have to be a super hacker, so much so that you could
change the Brain Burst program itself, a program which is supposedly impregnable, or—someone with some connection with
the program creator…”
Her only purpose in life was to meet the creator and learn the
meaning of Brain Burst. That’s what she had said only moments
ago. In which case, discovering the true identity of this mysterious opponent was for her more essential than protecting herself.
Having guessed this, Haruyuki felt an inexplicable throbbing
in his chest as he murmured softly, “So then…what you want me
to do…You want me to help you find out the true identity of your
enemy, right?”
Not to protect the princess from evil.
Well, it’s only natural. Don’t think such stupid things. I’m just
a hunting dog chasing prey, a pig sniffing out mushrooms in the
earth.
“Hmm…well, that’s about it, yes.” Seemingly unaware of his
momentary internal conflict, Kuroyukihime nodded slightly. “To
be honest, I’ve obtained a fair bit of information already. To list
everything I know now, let’s see…First, my enemy’s name. The
duel avatar is called Cyan Pile. Level four.”
“Cyan…Pile…”

That’s kind of…cool. And sounds strong. No, but Kuroyukihime also said that level four is the first barrier. Which meant
Cyan Pile was strong.
“Affiliation is a fairly pure close-range blue. I’ve seen this
Linker punch right through the thin walls of the stage several
times. Conversely, he or she doesn’t seem to have any flying
equipment. Which is why I’ve been able to escape somehow up to
now, but…to be honest, I’m coming up against my limit. My
powers of concentration are essentially shot.”
They must have been. Not knowing when you would be attacked from the moment you came to school until the second you
left. Haruyuki probably wouldn’t have been able to make it three
days. However, Kuroyukihime continued speaking in clear
thoughts without a hint of exhaustion. “And, this is at best a
guess, but…it’s not just me. Whoever it is, he or she is backed into
a corner, too. I get that feeling somehow.”
“What? By what?”
“The fear of losing acceleration. Most likely, from being on
the verge of running out of burst points. People with points to
spare normally try to have more fun with the Duels as fights.
Like that Ash Roller you fought.”
“O-oh, yeah. He was definitely having a seriously great time.”
“However, my assailant doesn’t have a drop of wiggle room.
Silent, not giving a thought to appearance, Cyan Pile comes at
me half insane. That feeling, that’s the sign of a Burst Linker
afraid of losing everything. So afraid that the stingy prize the
kings have put up for me isn’t enough. All the points I’ve accumulated is the goal. But just understanding this desperation
doesn’t get me anywhere.”
“I…guess not. I mean, we can’t make all the students get a

psychological checkup or anything. Is that all you know?”
Haruyuki asked casually, but he got the impression that Kuroyukihime’s thoughts abruptly froze.
Huh, he thought.
Before he could voice the question, Kuroyukihime shook her
head and said, “No. I have one other important piece of information…the guide cursor.”
“Huh? That blue arrow?”
“Exactly. It points in the direction of your enemy from the
moment the Duel starts. So even if I can’t see the exact moment
when Cyan Pile appears, as long as I remember the direction the
cursor is pointing when the fight starts, the real body of my
enemy must be somewhere along that straight-line trajectory.
That’s my theory.”
“Oh…oh! Right, of course. The stages are the real world landscape as is, so you can at least see which direction in the school
Cyan Pile is hiding!”
“Exactly. I’ve memorized the direction of the guide cursor
each of the dozens of times I’ve been attacked up to now, made a
list of the students in those parts of the real-world Umesato, and
pulled out the duplicate names. As a result, I’ve reached a conclusion about which student is most likely to be Cyan Pile. But I
have absolutely no solid proof. A single straight line in a place so
densely packed with people is simply not enough. There are always dozens of students on any given trajectory. Haruyuki, I
want you to watch the next attack on me and memorize the direction of the cursor pointing out Cyan Pile to the Gallery.”
“If there are…two cursors, then…” Haruyuki mumbled, dazed,
and Kuroyukihime nodded, the expression on her face hardening.

“Exactly. If we have two, then the intersection will give us a
single point. And then, the student in that place…I can settle this
once and for all. The true identity of Cyan Pile.” Pursing her lips
tightly, Kuroyukihime traced a nimble finger in the air, manipulating the virtual desktop only she could see. Just as she was
about to slide the file she had called up toward Haruyuki, her finger stopped abruptly.
“What’s wrong? Who is it, this suspect of yours?” Haruyuki
leaned forward, swallowing hard to wet his throat, dry despite the
fact that he had just finished drinking that enormous frappe, because he was worked up.
Kuroyukihime still seemed to be hesitating, but finally, muttering as if making excuses, she flicked the file and sent it over.
“Listen. I prepared this file a week before I found the third acceleration-compatible person I was looking for at Umesato—which
is to say, you—in that game corner.”
Not understanding at all why she would tack on such a disclaimer, Haruyuki accepted the file, brow knitted. He didn’t hesitate to stab the icon displayed on his virtual desktop with the tip
of his finger.
Which opened into a single image. A portrait from the neck
up, probably taken from the school register.
“…Huh…? This…? Why…?”
The fiercely short hair. The blue hairpin. The big eyes, somehow catlike. It wasn’t just a face he had seen before. It was the
only face in this world he had seen more of than his mother’s.
“Ch-Chiyuri? She’s…a Burst Linker…?” After a full five seconds of muttering and wondering, Haruyuki turned toward
Kuroyukihime again, perplexed. “No…that’s not possible! She’s
super terrible at games and stuff. Doesn’t matter what kind,
she’s just bad, bad…There’s no way she’d be Burst Linker mater-

ial. She’s so slow…and everything shows up on her face…She
can’t be the person who’s targeting you with such relentless
focus.”
“You know her pretty well, hm?” Kuroyukihime said without
meeting his eyes, her voice the slightest bit harder.
“That’s…I mean, we’ve been friends since we were kids…”
“When she came up to us at the gates before, inside, I was
surprised. If she is Cyan Pile, she should obviously know I’m
Black Lotus. I suspected it was some kind of strategy.”
“Um, but that—she doesn’t have that kind of skill; she’s not
that kind of person. I mean, she’s super awkward. Everything
she’s thinking shows on her face and in her attitude.”
The more Haruyuki protested, the sharper the angle Kuroyukihime’s eyebrows formed, and she returned in an even chillier
voice, “Don’t you think in that case it’s even more natural to
think she is Cyan Pile? You saw the obvious hostility she—
Kurashima—has toward me.”
“No, that was just, it wasn’t like that. It was just you and I
are directing and stuff…”
“Why would she get mad about that? Kurashima has a
proper boyfriend, doesn’t she? In which case, she doesn’t have
any reason to complain if I direct or link arms with you, does
she?”
“I…I…That’s true, but…,” Haruyuki stammered, wanting to
hold his head in his hands and wondering how they had gotten to
this point. Chiyuri definitely has the perfect boyfriend in
Takumu, but besides that, it’s—I’m her—
Subordinate? Possession? Under exclusive ownership?

Several words he couldn’t quite bring himself to say flitted
through his mind, and as he struggled with the nuances,
Kuroyukihime hit him with a merciless final blow. “Isn’t that exactly what her attitude says? Kurashima has been a Burst
Linker for some time, and she was intending to make you her
‘child.’ And yet here I come out of the blue and snatch you up.
Furious and unable to stand it, she then comes after me. Hmm?”
He was completely unable to process Kuroyukihime’s thinking, sounding so much like a petulant child, and her persuasive,
impossible logic…and yet before he even realized it, he had given
himself over to it, declaring, “I—I understand! I’ll check directly
with her!”
“You will?” Kuroyukihime’s voice was hard as a lone eyebrow
snapped up. “But what do you intend to do exactly? I’m sure you
understand that you can’t simply go up to her and ask if she’s a
Burst Linker. And it’s no use accelerating and trying to fight, to
get a visual confirmation of Cyan Pile. Whoever it is has no
problem blocking Duels. Which is exactly why I’ve been working
so hard. I have no way of confirming any of this. Honestly, I
need you to think things through.”
“I—I am thinking things through!” Haruyuki returned
sharply, his tit-for-tat reflex triggered. “It’s fine. I’ll go and direct
with her. She can block the Duels, but if I look in her memory directly through her Neurolinker, I should be able to check if she
has the Brain Burst program or not. That should satisfy you,
right?”

5
Why? How?
His shoulders fell dejectedly, and Haruyuki repeated these two
words over and over in his mind as he trudged along the twilit
road home.
Why is this happening? I just wanted to be Kuroyukihime’s
faithful pawn, and now here I am, headed home after practically flying out of that café and away from that “discussion,”
which was really more like an argument.
Please! Just let me rewind the last thirty minutes! Haruyuki
wished desperately, but even in Brain Burst, where you could basically stop real time, going back in time was not an option.
And even if he could reload the scene like in some adventure
game, he was still going to have a hard time quietly agreeing with
the idea that Chiyuri was Cyan Pile. He couldn’t even believe it
was possible for her to be a Burst Linker, much less that she’d
kept it from him for such a long time.
No. It wasn’t that he couldn’t. It was that he didn’t want to.
To be honest, he had no objective basis for being certain
Chiyuri wasn’t a Burst Linker. Things had been different when
they were little, but this past year or two, he’d hardly ever had
deep conversations with Chiyuri. She might not have been in the
same league as Kuroyukihime, but the mere fact that Chiyuri was
a girl almost made her too mysterious for Haruyuki.
And if he needed to refute the idea that she wouldn’t hide

things from him, he could do that, too. Despite the fact that
Haruyuki had repeatedly asked her not to discuss the bullying
with Takumu, she had clearly done it anyway, all the while covering up her indiscretion.
Now that Haruyuki thought about it, before asking Chiyuri
some big favor like directing with him, he had to at least apologize for the sandwich-flipping thing. In order to do that, he had to
accept the fact that Chiyuri and Takumu had been talking about
him behind his back.
That would take at least a week. Or rather, he just didn’t want
to think about it. Maybe he should forget this whole investigation.
But if he did, he’d basically be forced to accept the supposition
that Chiyuri was Cyan Pile.
What exactly do I want? What do I want to happen with
Chiyuri and Takumu, and with Kuroyukihime?
As heavy feet carried Haruyuki through the entrance of his
building, his brain smoldered in plumes of smoke accompanied
by a burning stench, overloaded as it was with thoughts that were
too oppressive for him to handle. He glanced at the clock display
at the edge of his vision: 5:30 PM.
Chiyuri was already home, but as Takumu had kendo practice,
he was probably still at school. Which meant the two of them
wouldn’t be together at one of their apartments chatting privately
or anything.
In the elevator, Haruyuki agonized long enough that a warning
bell finally sounded. He then pressed the button for the twentythird floor, where his own apartment was located.
Halfway to his destination, he pressed the button two floors
below.
“Goodness! Haru, I haven’t seen you in so long!” Chiyuri’s mother

cried the moment she opened the door, beaming, and Haruyuki
muttered a vague apology for not stopping by more.
“You’ve gotten so big. How old are you again? Oh, thirteen, of
course, just like Chiyuri. You haven’t come to see us at all since
you started junior high. I’ve missed you! You can stay awhile
today, can’t you? Stay for supper. That girl of mine barely eats
anything at all these days, so it’s hardly worth the trouble of making something. And I was just thinking I’d make curry rice, and I
know it’s your favorite, Haru. I’ll whip up a whole pile of it, so you
make sure and ask for seconds. I’m sure Chiyuri will be delighted,
too. She’s always moaning about how you never come over anymore.”
Chiyuri’s mother seemed like she could go on chattering forever, but a sharp voice echoing at the end of the hallway cut her
off. “Mom!!”
Looking up, Haruyuki saw Chiyuri—or rather, just her head
poking out from the living room—glaring in their direction, her
face ablaze. “Quit blabbing!!”
“Yes, yes. This rebellious period, I just hate it. Haru, you make
yourself at home.”
Haruyuki watched Chiyuri’s grinning mother wave as she disappeared through the kitchen door halfway down the hall, and
then he smiled stiffly. “H-hey.”
Chiyuri glanced at him and jerked her small chin up in a come
in sort of way before disappearing back into the living room. Exhaling with a long sigh, Haruyuki took off his shoes and muttered
quietly, “Okay, I’m coming in.”
Up until he’d been in the third or fourth grade in elementary
school, Haruyuki had just said, “I’m home!” as he stepped up into
this foyer. The Kurashimas’ was the first place he’d come home
to, covered in sweat after playing outside with Chiyuri and

Takumu until it got dark. He took a bath, had supper, and even
stayed to watch TV before staggering back to his empty apartment two floors up. For Haruyuki, who was already being bullied
at school even then, these evenings were the only time he could
relax and have fun.
However, that all ended two years earlier. When Takumu told
Chiyuri he liked her and Chiyuri talked to Haruyuki about it.
Haruyuki’s blue bear-face slippers were still in the slipper
stand in the entryway. He slipped on the faded footwear and
timidly pulled open the living room door, but Chiyuri wasn’t
there. He wiped his sweaty palms on the pants of his uniform,
passed through the apartment, the layout of which he was only
too familiar with, and knocked quietly on the door farthest back.
Chiyuri’s.
After a brief pause, he heard her short response. “Come in.”
Gulping, he turned the knob.
Stepping into Chiyuri’s room for the first time in two years, he
saw that it was still simply decorated, basically the same as it
stood in his memory. The desk and the bed were adorned with
black and white keynotes, and the curtains were also monotone.
It looked a lot like Haruyuki’s room.
However, there were a few changes. First off, something
smelled amazing. Also different were the clothes Chiyuri was
wearing as she sat on her bed making an ugly face. Naturally, she
wasn’t still in her uniform. However, despite the fact that she had
always had a boyish look in elementary school, she now wore
some kind of soft white sweater with a fluttering pink skirt.
That’s gotta be…like when she goes on a date with Takumu,
Haruyuki was thinking absentmindedly when he was unexpectedly, preemptively attacked.

“I called you a million times yesterday.”
“Huh?” Haruyuki uttered idiotically as she glared up at him.
Yesterday? Oh, right. I ran away from Chiyuri and Takumu,
and that was that. Whoa! Before I apologize for the sandwich
thing, I better apologize for that.
“O-oh, sorry. I had my Neurolinker disconnected the whole
day—”
“You could’ve at least e-mailed me. Thanks to you, I went to
bed super late!”
“S-sorry…” Apologizing to Chiyuri as she puffed out her
cheeks, Haruyuki muttered to himself, I knew it couldn’t be her.
No matter how he looked at it, there was just no way. Her?
The Burst Linker Cyan Pile and a level-four warrior to boot? As
if. And the icing on the cake, she’s a super hacker who managed
to change the Brain Burst program, something no one else has
been able to do? No way!
However, that said, it wasn’t going to be easy getting proof.
The only way would be to direct with her Neurolinker and search
her memory, just like Kuroyukihime had insisted, but how was he
supposed to ask her to do something like that with things between them the way they were?
No. Wait, hold up a sec. A thought fluttered through the back
of his brain suddenly, and Haruyuki quickly seized on it.
Couldn’t he ask her precisely because things between them
were like this? It was a jerkish thing to do to Chiyuri, but it wasn’t
like he’d be tricking her. He’d be apologizing wholeheartedly and
taking the opportunity to just poke around a little in her memory
at the same time.

“Uh, uh, uh, um, Ch-Chiyuri!” Haruyuki shouted with an authentic, violent stutter.
“Wh-what?”
“Uh…I—I…There’s all…The sandwiches and the thing at the
gate…I came to apologize. B-b-but, it’s, I have a hard time actually saying stuff like this, so…d-d-direct with me for a minute.”
It wasn’t an act. Beads of sweat formed on his forehead, and
Chiyuri’s mouth dropped open as she stared. The angle of her
thick eyebrows passed from surprise to doubt and rose still
higher.
No go? I was too pushy. Haruyuki braced himself for a reprimand, but a strange, challenging look came over the face of his
childhood friend. This…It was the look he used to see way back
when whenever Chiyuri fought with a boy, the look that said, If
you think you can take me, go on and try.
“Did you bring a cable?” she asked abruptly, her voice hard,
and Haruyuki said, Crap! to himself as he shook his head. “Hmm.
Well, fine, all I have is this.”
Bending over, Chiyuri opened the drawer under her bed and
pulled out an off-white XSB cable a mere thirty centimeters or so
long.
“Th-that’s short! You…So you and Taku always…?” he asked
unthinkingly, and as soon as the words were out, she started
yelling.
“Y-you jerk!! Taku has one that’s a meter long. This is the one
that came with my Neurolinker when I bought it, the one to connect to a computer!!”
“O-oh…”

Because the super-high-speed transfer protocol extra serial
bus required a high-grade cable with serious shielding, the cables
that came with the devices were, without exception, short. Even
so, thirty centimeters was a bit much. This manufacturer was exceptionally stingy.
Thoughts of escape ran through his mind as Chiyuri pushed
the cable, about as long as a cat’s tail, at him.
She snorted lightly and rolled her small body over on the bed.
“If you wanna do it, do it.” She snapped her eyes shut and turned
her face away.
The cable in his hand was like a live wire, and Haruyuki said
nervously, “Uh, um…if it’s okay, maybe you could sit on that chair
and not turn around…?”
No answer. Sprawled on the sheets, Chiyuri didn’t look like
she planned on budging any time soon.
Again, he seriously considered just fleeing, but he had already
done that with Kuroyukihime today. If he ran away again now,
the situation would be irreparable.
“O-okay.”
Haruyuki mustered his courage and shuffled over to the bed,
where Chiyuri was stretched out, and then took off his slippers.
Ever so gently, he rested a knee upon the white and gray striped
sheets. The sturdy pipe frame squealed in protest at the extra
weight, which was several times greater than its usual load.
On all fours, seventy centimeters to Chiyuri’s right, Haruyuki
first plugged one end of the cable into the external connection
terminal on the back right-hand side of his own Neurolinker.
Then, tilting his head at an unnatural angle, he grabbed the other
end and stretched it out. However, the Neurolinker terminal on
Chiyuri, lying there with her eyes closed, was still about a light-

year away.
Aaaugh, crap. I should’ve come up from the left. Should I pull
back and go around? No, I don’t have that much left in me, he
told himself. But there was absolutely no way he could go over
Chiyuri to get to the other side of her.
About to descend into full-blown panic mode, Haruyuki
moved just his upper body into an extremely unbalanced position
and tried to force their necks closer together. A smell like milk
wafted up from Chiyuri’s body, and his equilibrium became suspect.
His left knee slipped abruptly. On the verge of crushing
Chiyuri’s slim body with his enormous bulk, his left hand shot out
and just barely broke his fall.
Now, however, he was on the brink of crisis. His left knee was
in between Chiyuri’s legs, which were sprawled out, his left hand
had made contact right next to her cheek, and he was just barely
holding himself up. Whooaaaaaa! Whaaaaat! The needle on his
panic meter swung over into the red zone when Chiyuri’s eyes
popped open, too close, not more than ten centimeters away.
Haruyuki couldn’t read the emotion in her large brown eyes.
Of course, there was anger and annoyance. But it seemed more
like something she had been holding back for a very long time
than a consequence of Haruyuki’s current rude conduct.
Unable to face those eyes any longer, Haruyuki moved his
right hand and inserted the plug into her neck. The direct-connect warning that appeared hid her face momentarily, which gave
him a mere second, but he managed somehow to compose his
thoughts. He blinked several times, shifted his eyes from her face,
and fixed his gaze on the thin collarbone peeking out from the
neck of her white sweater.
“Uh…I…I came because I have to apologize for the day before

yesterday.” Although there was some awkwardness in the words
he put together in neurospeak, they were both able to hear his
think speech without any problems. “I ruined that lunch you
went to the trouble of making me…I’m really sorry.”

And while he was sincerely apologizing, Haruyuki moved a finger
on his right hand outside Chiyuri’s field of view and opened the
storage icon. In the window that opened up, which covered nearly
half of Chiyuri’s actual face, there was a folder with Chiyuri’s ID
name on it, next to the folder showing the physical memory area
of his own Neurolinker.
At this point, he could say that the possibility that Chiyuri was
Cyan Pile was essentially zero. If she was, then she would have already known that Haruyuki was Kuroyukihime’s subordinate, Silver Crow, and she wouldn’t have let him direct with her in the
first place.
Or maybe she’d lain down on the bed like that on purpose, a
strategy to get Haruyuki to give up on directing on his own?
Maybe right now, Chiyuri was surprised and panicking inside.
Ashamed of himself for suspecting this girl he had been
friends with for more than ten years, Haruyuki gently nudged his
cursor to the physical memory folder in Chiyuri’s Neurolinker.
“B-but I was just kinda shocked.” The words came pouring
out, perhaps to cover up his feelings of guilt. “You and Takumu…
When I imagine you talking about those guys, I can’t even handle it. I know you’re always thinking of stuff for me, but…but I
—”
I wanted at least you and Takumu to not pity me. Because
we’re friends. The three of us, at least…I wanted us to be in the
same place.
Although it’s probably already too late for that.
Haruyuki stiffened his finger and clicked the folder.
At the same time that a differently colored, semitransparent
window popped open, Chiyuri’s voice resonated in both his head

and his ears. “Haru…you’re misunderstanding.”
Her speech was clumsy, like she hadn’t used neurospeak before. The small lips in front of him moved, and she continued, “I
didn’t say anything to Taku. How could I? I promised you I’d
stay quiet about it. All Taku knew about the sandwiches was
that I was talking about maybe making a lunch for you, too,
when I went to his kendo tournament that time.”
“What…”
Haruyuki automatically turned eyes that were preoccupied
with checking the new window to meet Chiyuri’s. The fierceness
there suddenly softened, and her eyelashes lowered almost as if
somehow yearning for something long gone.
“How many years has it been since you shared this much
about yourself, Haru…?” She turned her gaze away from
Haruyuki, who was speechless, and murmured, “I’m…I’m terrible, too. I’m a coward. You’re…For a long time, such a long time,
things have been so terrible for you, but the only thing I did was
pretend I didn’t see, even though I did. The truth is, if I had
wanted to, there were so many things I could’ve done. I could’ve
told the teacher, I could’ve written to the student council, I
could’ve gone and asked Taku and he would’ve taken them all
on. But I couldn’t…I thought you would get mad at me and hate
me…I was scared we’d stop being us.”
Haruyuki held his breath and stared as drops of clear water
built up on the long eyelashes along the edges of her sharp, single-lined eyelids. Even though he had only two days earlier
knocked her sandwiches away and made her cry—and they had
fought and cried and made each other cry countless times up to
that point—he felt like these tears were somehow different from
all the others that he’d seen before.
“But Haru, you’re terrible, too.” Closing her eyes tightly,

Chiyuri continued with trembling lips. “You said nothing would
ever change. That we would still be friends. Two years ago…
when I talked to you about Taku…you said that if I said no, Taku
wouldn’t hang out with us anymore. But you promised that even
if Taku and I were dating, you would always be our friend. I…I
just didn’t want anything to change. I wanted it always to be the
three of us…”
Me, too. Haruyuki very nearly gave voice to this thought but
managed to hold it back.
But almost as if she had heard it anyway, Chiyuri popped her
eyes open, and she looked directly at Haruyuki as she wiped away
the droplets. “That’s it…so why?! Why are you leaning on her
now?! You tell me not to do anything, so why are you fawning
all over her and getting her to help you?! You’re terrible…It’s so
frustrating. I spent all these years worrying about what to do,
and she—In a single day, she goes and fixes everything. And almost like you’re…like you’re hers…”
Her. Kuroyukihime.
Having her come up now so unexpectedly, Haruyuki practically forgot about peeking inside Chiyuri’s memory and shook his
head as if convulsing. “N-no, that’s not it. It’s not like I asked her.
She’s the vice president of the student council, so she just took
care of the bullying for me—”
“Then why is she parading you around like you’re her pet or
something?! And why are you all small behind her like you’re
her servant?!”
“No…it’s not like that!” Shaking his head fiercely once again,
Haruyuki found himself wanting to ask what on earth he was trying to do here.
When Kuroyukihime had insisted Chiyuri was Cyan Pile, he’d

stubbornly fought her, and now Chiyuri was blaming Kuroyukihime and he was earnestly denying that. The situation was like a
jigsaw puzzle stirred up in a mixer, and he had no idea what piece
to put where anymore. Lowering his voice, he repeated, “It’s not
like that. I mean, I…I don’t hate it or anything—”
“Well, I do!!” Chiyuri interrupted, shouting so loudly she could
probably be heard on the other side of her door. “Ever since we
started junior high, you’ve been so cold, Haru. You never walk
home with me, you give me this annoyed look whenever I talk to
you at school, and, I mean, you never come over anymore. That
never happened when we were in elementary school.”
“That’s…that’s just how it is. You already—I mean, you have a
boyfriend.”
“And you’re the one who told me to get him! You’re the one
who said that that way, you and Taku and I could always be together!! Was that a lie?!”
“It wasn’t a lie! It wasn’t a lie, but…we can’t be little kids forever!!” Haruyuki yelled, clutching the sheets on either side of
Chiyuri’s face. “Back then, it didn’t bother me, walking together
with you and Taku. Going to get a burger together was totally
no big deal! But…I can’t anymore. It’s too hard! Taku gets cooler
and cooler, and you…you’re cute, and then standing there next
to you guys is me looking like this! Just being in the same place
as you guys makes me want to dig a hole and crawl right into
it!”
He had never before confessed his own inferiority complex so
honestly to Chiyuri—no, to anyone. Although he was certain he
would regret it and the mere memory would make him squirm so
hard, he’d bore a hole into the ground. Haruyuki couldn’t manage
to stop his thoughts.
If he were to try and say the same things using his mouth, the

words would probably get stuck and never make it out. But they
were directing and using neurospeak, and Haruyuki’s thoughts
were a raging stream pouring into Chiyuri’s brain.
“I mean, it’s the same for you! Taku gets to walk along holding hands with you, but I don’t! Really, you’re the one who chose
Taku! What I said had nothing to do with that!!”
Twenty centimeters below Haruyuki, Chiyuri opened her eyes
wide as she took in this monologue.
A film of saline once again covered her light eyes. Screwing up
her face, lips trembling violently, a voice like a whisper slipped
out of her. “Do you really think that? Do you really believe someone’s value is totally decided by how they look? You always do
this. You always just decide things on your own like this. Why do
you hate yourself so much? Why do you have to be so critical of
yourself?”
“Of course I hate myself,” Haruyuki replied, almost groaning.
“And if I were someone else, I’d definitely hate me, too. I’m fat, I
sweat all the time, I’m spineless…There isn’t a single thing about
me a person could like. Being with me…just looking at me, I hate
it.”
“But there are things. I know so many things to like about
you. I know so many good things I can’t even count them using
both hands!” Chiyuri continued, heaving with sobs just like when
they were kids. “When it was snack time, you always gave me
the biggest one, and that time I lost the charm I had on my backpack, you stayed out late looking for it for me, and you always
fix my Neurolinker for me right away whenever it does something weird, and you have all these great things about you that
no one else has. It doesn’t matter how you look. I-if that time two
years ago, you had…” Chiyuri looked like she was swallowing
something back suddenly and then smiled sadly. “I’m sorry. I
shouldn’t say that, should I? I…I was afraid it wouldn’t just be

the kids at school you pulled away from, it would be me and
Taku, too. So I just did like you said.”
Haruyuki felt the back of his throat close up tightly but managed somehow to squeeze out a thought. “You didn’t actually…for
me…? So that Taku and I could stay friends…?”
“Because you always looked like you were having the most
fun when you were fooling around with Taku. And I used to
have the most fun watching the two of you. I didn’t want that
time together to change. That’s all I was thinking. But…I guess
it’s impossible, huh? Everything changes; you can’t stop people’s
feelings.” Chiyuri suddenly lifted both arms and wrapped them
around Haruyuki’s large body, squeezing tightly.
Frozen, Haruyuki was confronted with an extremely close,
tearstained, smiling face.
“You’re already somewhere I can’t reach, aren’t you? To be
honest, when I saw you and Kuroyukihime at the gates before, I
thought maybe…you were hers then. And I hated it. Because I
know that I know you a million times better than she does. But…
if she has the power to change you…”
Caught up in a serious maelstrom of confusion, Haruyuki
could only listen to what Chiyuri was saying. Her body pressed up
against his hadn’t changed at all from those long, long ago days,
still small and warm.
“But please, quit with the attitude. Quit acting like her follower. If you’re going to do it, then do it. Be her boyfriend. And
give everyone at school a heart attack.”
If I hugged Chiyuri back right now, what would happen?
For just a moment, Haruyuki seriously entertained the idea.
Of course, he didn’t actually move his body, but the fingers on his

right hand twitched, betraying his thoughts.
The holo cursor moved in sync with this movement and happened to hit the icon for the installed applications folder in the
window showing the contents of the internal memory in Chiyuri’s
Neurolinker. After the tiniest lag, a new window opened silently.
Unconsciously checking each of the apps shown one by one,
Haruyuki murmured in his physical voice just as unconsciously,
“I’m sorry…I’m sorry, Chiyu. I…I didn’t even think that you would
be worrying about stuff or struggling. Which is exactly why I’m no
good.”
“That’s right. I do worry, and Taku has stuff he worries about,
too, and probably…even her…She does, too. Everyone’s the same;
no one’s any different from you, Haru.” He felt the warmth of
Chiyuri’s voice and her small hands in his bones.
What is wrong with me? Haruyuki wondered in his head. Suspecting for even an instant that she was a Burst Linker and hiding it from me.
He saw at a glance that, in fact, there was no icon patterned
after that flaming B in her application folder. Just in case, he
went through each of her installed programs, but they were all
things like off-the-shelf mail programs and media players, and
simple games. He didn’t find a single thing that came from anywhere suspicious.
So Chiyuri’s not Cyan Pile or anything after all, he said to
himself as he opened the properties on a few of her apps, when
suddenly something felt off. The program wasn’t the problem. It
was—The reaction time as he clicked and moved around the
screen was slightly slower than before.
If it were a wireless signal through their cheap home server,
that’d be one thing, but he was directing with Chiyuri’s Neurolinker through a high-grade (although short) cable. There

shouldn’t have been a response lag he could feel. The only reason
for such a lag to occur would be if a large part of Chiyuri’s Neurolinker transmission bandwidth was being monopolized by some
other circuit.
Increasingly suspicious, Haruyuki opened a network status
window.
Chiyuri’s Neurolinker was currently connected to three routes:
the global net, the Kurashimas’ home net, and the direct link with
Haruyuki. The only one of these that should have been having
this kind of packet exchange was the one with Haruyuki.
But when he checked the routes, he very nearly cried out loud.
A large quantity of packets was being sent on the global net. The
local sender was an unknown program installed incredibly deep
in the folder. The receiver on the global side was unknown. That
would mean—
There’s a back door!!
Someone had hacked Chiyuri’s Neurolinker and was secretly
connecting to the outside. And more than that, that someone was
right now, this very instant, stealing information from Chiyuri’s
vision and hearing.
That bastard!!
Very close to screaming, Haruyuki moved his finger to try and
delete the problem app. But he stopped on the verge of dropping
the icon he had dragged over into the trash.
The someone connected through this back door right now was
Cyan Pile. Whoever Cyan Pile was, he or she hadn’t managed to
change Brain Burst; using Chiyuri’s Neurolinker as a stepladder
would, without a doubt, make it possible to erase one’s existence
from the matching list.

In other words, if he identified where the packets were going,
he could discover Cyan Pile’s true identity. But to pursue whoever
it was without making that player suspicious would be nearly impossible. The only time it would be even remotely doable was
during a fight. In which case, he had to hide the fact that someone
had noticed this back door until the next attack came.
Exhaling quietly, Haruyuki closed all the windows. “Thanks,
Chiyu,” he murmured, and he gently pulled his body away.
The quietly sobbing Chiyuri also lowered her arms and nodded, smiling.
Returning her smile awkwardly, Haruyuki reached out with
his left hand and pulled the plug from Chiyuri’s Neurolinker.

6
Friday.
Haruyuki trudged forlornly down the road to school alongside
students whose shining faces were full of excitement at the
thought of the approaching end of the long week’s studies; soon
they would be free for two whole days.
“I…A guy like me…,” he groaned to himself, having been overtaken first thing that morning by the deepest self-hatred.
If the dream he had the night he installed Brain Burst was the
worst of his life, then the one last night would have to be said to
be the lowest low point in his life. If it had been only Kuroyukihime performing acts he knew only virtually, it might have instead been the best dream of his life. But in the space of a heartbeat, the one person had become two, and on top of that—
“Ah! Aaaaaah…” He desperately resisted the urge to run off
with his head in his hands.
Currently, Neurolinker companies were in ruthless competition to develop an app to record dreams, an idea that was itself almost dreamlike. He was deeply relieved technology hadn’t yet
materialized. Well, a not-insignificant part of him had to admit
that this was slightly regrettable, but—
“Oh! Good morning, boy!”
Haruyuki jumped at the sudden, chipper voice and corresponding pat on his shoulder. Turning and seeing the beautiful
girl in black standing there, he jumped again. “Hyaho?!”

“Is that some kind of hip hello?”
Haruyuki shook his head back and forth at Kuroyukihime and
the doubtful look on her face. “No! Uh! It’s nothing!! Um, g-good
morning!”
“Mm.” Tilting her head even farther to the side, Kuroyukihime
coughed lightly and continued. “Hmm. Oh. Yesterday…I apologize. That was childish of me.”
“N-no, not at all. I’m sorry, too…I barely even said good-bye
before I left.”
On either side of the pair as they stood talking, students wearing the same uniform gradually came to a halt. Not only seventh
graders, but eighth and ninth graders as well, looking on longingly and trying to say good morning to Kuroyukihime. Before
they knew it, a line had formed behind them.
Seeing this, Kuroyukihime addressed the issue with a collective shout at the assemblage. “Oh! Morning, everyone!” She
slapped Haruyuki on the back and started walking quickly.
Haruyuki hurried after her, whispered conversations in hushed
voices still reaching his ears.
“No. It’s completely understandable that you would want to
leave. After all, your close…friend was accused of being a cowardly assailant. And on top of that, I made you say there’s no way
you could direct with her to check it out. I am so sorry.”
“Huh? Uh…um. I did, though…direct.”
Kuroyukihime’s profile stiffened. “What?” Faster than the
warning bells telling him something was off again somehow:
“Where?”
Pinioned by that sharp voice, Haruyuki had no choice but to
answer her honestly. “W-well, at her house…”

“Where in her house?”
“H-her…bedroom.”
“I see.”
For some reason, Kuroyukihime’s pace gradually started to increase. Her stride already a fair bit longer than his own, Haruyuki
chased after her, sweat popping up on his forehead. In a few seconds, he was walking alongside her again, attempting to resume
their conversation.
“I peeked into her physical memory. And her Neurolinker, it’s
—”
“How long was the cable?” Kuroyukihime’s aura was piercing
as she cross-examined him.
“Th…irty centimeters,” Haruyuki answered fearfully.
“Mm.”
Tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak.
Dumbfounded, Haruyuki watched Kuroyukihime’s long hair
swinging as she approached the school gates, now visible before
them, at an incredible pace.
I don’t get it. This world is nothing but stuff I don’t get.
Haruyuki listened earnestly during morning classes, in an escapist kind of way, taking extensive notes, and when he heard the
light chimes that signaled the lunch break, he had a hard time
bringing himself to move.
If he’d thought about it rationally, he should have gone to see
Kuroyukihime, who was likely in the lounge, to inform her immediately about the back door Cyan Pile had set up in Chiyuri’s Neu-

rolinker and to discuss a means to follow the packets. But unless
he figured out the reason for Kuroyukihime’s strangely foul mood
before then, he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on their conversation at all.
The truth was he often made people around him uncomfortable. Overweight guy, sweating like a greasy waterfall, talking
nervously in a quiet voice; it was rare to find people who weren’t
annoyed by him. Then the looks on their faces would just prompt
Haruyuki to shrink further, lower his voice to its bare minimum,
making it even harder to hear anything he said.
Kuroyukihime must have secretly been putting up with him
until now. Maybe she had finally reached her limit.
In which case, it might have been better to just give up entirely
on having a face-to-face conversation with her in the real world.
If he did a full dive and they talked as avatars, at least he wouldn’t
be sweating and the volume of his voice would be automatically
adjusted. If everything would go more smoothly that way and
proceed in a more businesslike fashion, then that should have
been what he wanted.
Dejected, eyes on his desk, Haruyuki was in the middle of
hashing out this debate with himself when suddenly he was
loudly interrupted by an unfamiliar voice above him.
“Hello! You’re Haruyuki Arita from grade seven’s class C,
right?”
Haruyuki lifted his head with a start. Standing before him
were two female students he had never seen before. They wore
eighth-grade ribbons, and both had holo tags displayed on their
shoulders indicating that they were on club business. Newspaper
club.
Throwing his head back with a grunt, Haruyuki saw a new icon
flashing in his view: SREC. This was to let him know that the Neu-

rolinker of the person with whom he was speaking was recording
their conversation. Of course, this wasn’t permitted for just any
conversation, and within the school, it was only allowed in a
handful of situations.
For instance, reporting for the school newspaper.
Without even noticing the students around them watching,
ears perking with interest, Haruyuki got ready to run as fast as he
could, not caring how it looked. However, he saw that his interlocutors clearly had experience in this type of situation, as one of
them had slipped in behind him to block his retreat.
As he sat paralyzed in a half-standing position, a pair of hands
popped out to rest atop a holo keyboard, and after a quick glance
over at the recording icon flashing brightly, the newspaper club’s
hard-nosed investigative journalist let fly with a question that hit
too close to the heart of things.
“We’re working on the column ‘Heart of the Rumor: Head
Shot’ for the Umesato Real Times! Let’s clear this up once and for
all: Is the rumor that you and Kuroyukihime are dating actually
true?!”
Haruyuki mustered all his mental strength and responded in a
voice that could almost have been called calm. “It’s a lie. It’s a
rumor. No basis in fact.”
Ten fingers tapped away in front of him at the invisible keyboard while the owner of those fingers attacked again. “But according to the information we have obtained, you and Kuroyukihime have directed on two occasions in the lounge. Not only that,
but the two of you even went on a direct date at a café within the
school district!!”
“Wh…”
The girl looked down at Haruyuki, who was stunned they

knew that, and the light caught the lens of her glasses, which appeared to be real.
This is bad. This is super bad. If I get the answer wrong now,
there’s no coming back.
In the back of his mind, several sensational headlines flashed
past. He could hear somewhere the battle cries of the members of
the Kuroyukihime fan club seeing them and calling for blood.
One cheek spasming and twitching, Haruyuki set his brain to
work—three times more accelerated than when he’d been fighting
Ash Roller—deriving a response that wasn’t entirely inoffensive.
“Uh, th-th-that was…okay. I—I—I just know a bit about her
Neurolinker OS, so uh, her Neurolinker was weird in this one
place, and she asked me to fix it. That’s all. The café thing was
nothing more than her thanking me. That’s it. Nothing more. Not
in the slightest.” With a tight smile on his face, he shook his head
briskly.
The newspaper club girl stopped typing and knitted her eyebrows.
There shouldn’t have been any way that she could check
whether people directing were having a conversation in neurospeak or whether they were just operating their Neurolinkers.
As an excuse, it strained credulity, but she shouldn’t have been
able to find anything to disprove his story.
Relieved, Haruyuki added new bricks to further build on the
wall he had created. “I—I mean, if you saw how she is when she’s
with me, you could tell. When we talk, she gets into a bad mood
pretty quickly. So there’s, like, no way we could be dating or anything.”
And that should be the end of this interview.

Or so he thought, but the girl tilted her head and returned
doubtfully, “Bad mood? It didn’t look like that at all, though.”
“I-it’s true! I mean, this morning, she got mad and stormed
off. She always gets like that when Chiyu, I mean Kurashima,
comes up.”
“Kurashima…? I’m sure she and Kuroyukihime talked about
something in front of the school gates.” After blinking rapidly
several times behind her glasses, the theatrical journalist disappeared from the newspaper club girl’s demeanor, and her fingers
raced. The recording icon disappeared from Haruyuki’s view.
“Is the interview over?”
“Oh. Yeah. Or rather…,” she mumbled in a strange tone. After
exchanging a glance with her partner behind Haruyuki, she
started talking in a normal tone. “Okay, look. The truth is, we
weren’t actually buying into that rumor at all. To be blunt, we figured it was some kind of mistake, which is why we came to interview you.”
“Huh?”
Bringing her face in close, the girl whispered so that only
Haruyuki could hear. “Hey, Arita. I mean, it’s kind of crazy, but…
maybe Kuroyukihime and you are really…you know?”
“Huh?!”
“I mean, look. You’re close with Kurashima, and whenever you
talk about her with Kuroyukihime, she gets in a bad mood. That’s,
well…you know?”
The other club member, who had come around to the side
again, picked up where her associate had left off. “Yeah. I mean,
no matter how you look at it…”
Then they both whispered at Haruyuki like shrine maidens ut-

tering an oracle. “She’s jealous, right?”
When he came to, Haruyuki was in his usual stall in the boys’
washroom. Which meant that he had run away again, but he
didn’t have a drop of energy to spend regretting his actions.
Jealous? How do you write that character? Ugh, too hard, I
don’t know.
In an attempt to allow his thoughts escape, too, he was already
drawing possible characters, one line at a time, in stark red like a
brand.
Kuroyukihime has that sour look every time we talk about
Chiyuri because…she’s jealous.
That’s what they had said.
Jealous. Envious. In other words, Kuroyukihime wasn’t
putting on a show or joking around, she really—
“No way,” Haruyuki muttered, his thoughts racing ahead.
There’s no way. Maybe that could happen to someone else, but it
could never happen to me, not to Haruyuki Arita. Don’t even
think it. Don’t hope. You’re obviously just going to be squirming
with double, no, triple the regret later.
Hitting the back of his head against the water tank, Haruyuki
spoke aloud again. “No way…No way.” But the more he said it,
the more the many things Kuroyukihime had said and done, the
many faces she had shown him up to then broke into an infinite
number of pieces and played back like a slide show in his mind.
That time…and that time, and that time, she was seriously—
“No way!!” He slammed his right hand against the stall wall
and held his head.

Thinking about all this was just making him crazy; he needed
to get even farther away. Just as he was about to give the command for a full dive, the insanely high score Kuroyukihime had
managed jumped back at him from his memory.
He would never be able to beat that score. Which meant that
he couldn’t use the game as an escape from reality anymore.
“…Why?” In a slightly louder voice, he shouted again, “Why?!
Why me?!”
You have everything. Looks, ability, popularity. And even the
one thing I was proud of—reaction time in a virtual game. And
me, I’m nothing but a loser with a dumb face and a squishy,
sweaty body. I lose to you in every single possible way.
“And yet despite all that…how am I supposed to believe…”
It’s true Haruyuki had the aptitude for Brain Burst that
Kuroyukihime was looking for. But that didn’t mean anything
other than there were only three such people at their school.
And Haruyuki’s Silver Crow was totally good for nothing, an
enormous helmet head plopped onto a gangly wire body that
could only punch, kick, and head butt. With a duel avatar like
that, about the only thing he could do was help her unearth the
true identity of her enemy, Cyan Pile. So he wished she would
treat him that way. He wanted her to just give him cool, dispassionate orders, like she would any servant.
He didn’t want anything more than that. He was absolutely
not deluding himself into thinking he could have anything else.
And yet…why did Kuroyukihime take that attitude, get that expression on her face, look at him with those eyes?
Finally, wanting only to ease his mind, Haruyuki latched on to
a single conclusion. He couldn’t come up with any other reason
for her behavior.

Haruyuki missed lunch again even though he didn’t have anyone
taking his lunch money anymore, but he wasn’t even aware of his
empty stomach as he sat disinterestedly through afternoon
classes.
In homeroom, their teacher had apparently said something to
Araya and his gang, but he missed that, too, and when the last
bell rang, he sluggishly stood, bag in hand, after his classmates
had flown out of the classroom, full of anticipation for the weekend. He headed for the entrance slowly, changed to his outside
shoes, and left the school.
Even though it was still only just after three, the late autumn
sun was already fading and shone on the school gates at a steep
angle. Seeing a black silhouette standing as if transformed into
one of the pillars, Haruyuki dragged his feet as he approached.
“Hey.”
Kuroyukihime’s hands—which were busy typing on a holo keyboard—stopped, and she raised one hand slightly, a faint, hard
smile on her face. She had probably deliberately come to stand
out here in the cold even though what she was doing could’ve
been taken care of in the student council office.
Haruyuki could only dip his head silently in response.
An awkward silence ensued. A chilly wind rustled the fallen
leaves at their feet and then passed on.
He kept his head down, and Kuroyukihime started speaking
after lightly clearing her throat. “Can we talk while we walk?”
“Yeah.” Haruyuki accompanied this brief reply with a nod.
She started to walk silently, and he took a position to her left
and a step behind as they passed through the gates.
They had been walking silently for a couple minutes when

Kuroyukihime cleared her throat again and began speaking.
“Look. I’m sorry about this morning. I was being weird.”
“No, it’s fine. I wasn’t upset. I’m sorry I didn’t come during
lunch.”
Kuroyukihime seemed to tilt her head slightly at this unusually smooth response but then nodded. “It’s fine. But. Even I
wonder what I’m doing, but…when it comes to Cyan Pile, I just
can’t seem to stay calm—”
Kuroyukihime sounded somewhat rushed, keeping her eyes
forward as she spoke, and Haruyuki cut her off in a dry voice.
“About that…I know the connection between Kurashima and
Cyan Pile.”
“What? Oh…r-right. Then let’s talk about that over direct. It
wouldn’t do to have someone overhear the names,” Kuroyukihime said quickly and reached into the bag hanging from her
right hand instead of her pocket.
She pulled out a small paper bag stamped with the name of the
Umesato student shop. After tearing the tape off sharply, she
pulled a brand-new XSB cable out of the bag. “I accidentally
burnt out the one we’ve been using so far. And…they didn’t have
much stock, so I had to buy this one.” She sounded almost as if
she was making excuses as she pulled out the one-meter cable—
the shortest they sold in the student shop—and Haruyuki tried
not to think about what was going on in her head.
Without meeting her eyes, he silently accepted one of the plug
ends and inserted it into his Neurolinker.
Kuroyukihime looked like she was waiting for him to say
something, but finally, she put the other plug into her own Neurolinker. The wired-connection warning appeared, and as it disappeared, Haruyuki sent dry thoughts at the girl on the other end
of the wire.

“Kurashima isn’t Cyan Pile. It looks like Cyan Pile actually set
up a virus in her Neurolinker to make a back door. Which is why
they show up from wherever Kurashima is in the school.”
Kuroyukihime didn’t immediately respond to Haruyuki’s torrent of words, but when she finally did, the voice in his brain
sounded doubtful. Or just a little scared.
“What…what’s going on with you? Since before…you’ve been
kind of weird.”
“Nothing. Nothing’s going on,” Haruyuki responded, obstinately refusing to turn and look at Kuroyukihime walking next to
him, a meter away.
“But…are you maybe mad? Because I was weird this morning. And yesterday.”
“As if. There’s no way I could be angry with you. Don’t worry
about me; we have more important things to talk about, don’t
we?”
Once again, only silence passed along the thin cable.
On the road as dusk approached, because of the group of
buildings standing along the left side of the path, people passing
along it sank into black shadows in the dim light. No eyes fell on
Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime walking together and directing,
making it seem almost as if the two of them alone had somehow
wandered into a country of flat shadows.
“Do you have proof?” Changing suddenly, the voice in his
head was cold. “Did you get proof that Kurashima is not Cyan
Pile?”
“No. If I reached out to the virus, Cyan Pile might have noticed, so I just looked.”

“I see. A calm decision, but at the same time, not very persuasive. Even I have never heard anything about a virus that connects you to the Brain Burst matching server through a back
door. How exactly am I supposed to believe what you’re telling
me?”
The sharpness in her thoughts seemed to swell with each word
enunciated. Haruyuki clenched his teeth and sent an even flatter
voice through the cable. “So you’re saying I made up the virus
story. Are you actually trying to say I’ve gone over to
Kurashima-slash-Cyan Pile’s side? If that’s the case, then proof
or whatever doesn’t matter. You’re just going to have to decide
what you believe.”
“I’m not saying that. You’re leaping to conclusions.”
Haruyuki stubbornly refused to respond to Kuroyukihime’s
slightly shaken words.
“Are you saying this because you really believe it?” Her legs
stopped in place suddenly, and her voice, which had gotten even
colder, sounded hard. Haruyuki stopped, too, before the cable
went taut. “The moment I conclude that you’ve aligned with
Cyan Pile, I will hunt you. I will take your meager burst points,
and I will press you toward a forceful uninstallation of Brain
Burst. You will lose the ability to accelerate forever. Are you
fully aware of this as you tell me this now?”
“I understand. You’re free to do what you will. I’m just a
pawn, just a tool. Throw me away when you don’t need me anymore.”
“You.” She lightly took hold of Haruyuki’s left shoulder. When
he lifted his eyes, Kuroyukihime’s face, strained like carved ice,
was very near. However, her pitch-black eyes alone reflected the
feelings inside, burning almost white hot.

“I knew you were angry. And it’s true, I’m to blame. I apologize. But…” Lips trembling almost imperceptibly, she pushed out
a voice that sounded like she was forcing it under control. “It’s
not as if I can freely control all of my emotions. I get annoyed, I
get uneasy. And when it comes to you and…Kurashima…” Her
gaze dropped momentarily, and, pale cheeks stiffening, Kuroyukihime continued. “Look, if you want me to tell you why, I will. I
—”
Before that thought could travel down the cable, Haruyuki
turned to the side and cut in. “It’s fine. Let’s just forget it.”
“Ah. Wh-what?”
“Watching this is hard, too. It’s just sad.”
“What are you talking about? What do you mean?”
Fixing his gaze on a single paving stone to his lower right,
Haruyuki finally gave voice to the “only conclusion” he was able
to reach that afternoon. “You…you hate yourself, don’t you?”
The sound of a sharp intake of air.
Haruyuki was suddenly self-conscious about the words he had
loosed, words he couldn’t take back. In the depths of his ears, the
encouragement Chiyuri had given him the night before played
like a refrain, but he could no longer stop the thoughts being uttered.
“You hate yourself, the you who’s too perfect in every single
way. Which is why you’re trying to lower yourself. That’s it, isn’t
it?”
Kuroyukihime’s fingers, resting on his left shoulder, stiffened,
turned to steel. Thinking that would likely be the last time she
ever touched him, Haruyuki unleashed his final words, which
were sure to destroy everything. “You, me…Talking to me, a fat,

clumsy loser, touching me, showing me something like…something like kindness—it’s just you trying to dirty yourself. You
don’t need to do all that; I’ll still do what you want. I don’t want
anything. I don’t need any compensation. I’m just a sacrificial
pawn, a tool to be ordered around. A guy like me, you should
know exactly what the proper way to handle me is!!”
The pale hand slipped slowly, slowly from his shoulder.
This was how it had to be.
Never touching him again, never meeting his eyes.
As long as you make me your tool, we don’t even ever have to
meet in the real world. Haruyuki didn’t know if this thought
reached her as neurospeak or not.
Good-bye.
As he went to murmur this final word, a sharp sensation
snapped across his left cheek. Haruyuki lifted his face in shock,
cheek burning.
“Idiot!” The voice burst forth with real sound from the lightcolored lips.
Haruyuki stared baffled at the waterfall of tears flowing down
that beautiful face, distorted to the point of violence.
Her right hand still high in the air, Kuroyukihime’s entire demeanor crumpled like a child’s, and tears streamed down her
face.
“You idiot…idiot…” The word repeated now sounded almost
entirely different from the fool paired with a wry grown-up smile
that he had gotten from her so many times before.
Kuroyukihime cursed Haruyuki over and over and over, age-

appropriately, like a fourteen-year-old girl.
And Haruyuki simply stood, eyes wide open, unable to think of
a single one of the several reactions he should have had as a thirteen-year-old boy. With his words, he had deeply hurt the person
before him. That much he understood.
But when it came to Kuroyukihime, when it came to this person who was so perfect in every way, who had an ability to think
and reason greater than any adult, he thought she was just disgusted with Haruyuki. She had exhausted her social graces; her
heart was just being pulled away.
But crying this much. And she looks so fragile. This—this isn’t
how it was supposed to…
Haruyuki opened his mouth as if to speak.
Kuroyukihime wiped away flowing tears with both hands.
For a moment, only the wind passed over them as they stood
there stationary together on the road in the deepening twilight.
And then a terrible sound like metal scraping against metal hit
Haruyuki’s ears.
At first, he thought it was a quantum noise through his Neurolinker, the sound was that strange. Baffled and heart pounding,
he swiveled his head and torso around to the right.
And had a terrifying spectacle leap into his field of view.
A white passenger car was plunging straight at them, removing in the process the guardrail separating the sidewalk from the
road with the right front fender.
An accident?! No! There’s no brake noise. The series of ideas
flashed through his mind in less than one tenth of a second.

His mouth moved basically on automatic, and a single phrase
surged out. And at the same time, the exact same words echoed in
the back of his brain in a different voice via the direct cable.
“Burst link!!”
With a cracking noise like lightning, the world stopped.
Blue.
The landscape frozen, clear and blue as far as the eye could
see.
But Haruyuki quickly understood that this didn’t mean everything had stopped completely.
The tires of the large sedan filling his view were turning bit by
tiny bit as if fighting the freezing, biting into the road surface and
closing the distance.
“Wha?!” Haruyuki cried out finally, and jumped out of the
way. Instantly, the car disappeared. Hiding it was his own round
back clad in the uniform of Umesato Junior High.
This blue world was just the real landscape, recreated as a
polygonal pseudo-reality by the Brain Burst program hacking into
the images from the social security cameras, placed in great numbers around the city. Dropping his gaze, he saw his body had
changed into the pink pig. He moved the familiar virtual avatar to
cut around his own real-world back and looked again at the white
sedan.
The vehicle, charging diagonally from the lane and aiming for
the gap in the guardrail, was not even three meters away from
him. Roughly calculating the speed that allowed it to keep moving
forward, however gradually, he realized they would come into
contact in less than ten minutes, even in this accelerated world.

This is—Why?! Confused, Haruyuki tried desperately to think.
Normally, a car could not leave its lane. The second an abnormal route was detected, the AI controlling the vehicle would take
control from the driver and automatically correct the vehicle’s
course, decelerate, and stop.
Which meant either the control AI in this car was broken or
that it had been temporarily turned off by the driver.
He quickly deduced that it was most likely the latter, because
he had heard nothing like the screeching of tires skidding against
the road surface during full braking. The driver wasn’t stepping
on the brakes. On the contrary, he was pushing forward with the
accelerator all the way to the floor.
This was deliberate. It was the attack by a Burst Linker on the
real side that Kuroyukihime had hinted at before.
Coming to these conclusions more or less instantaneously,
Haruyuki took another few steps forward and tried to make out
the face of the driver behind the windscreen. Was their assailant
an unknown Burst Linker belonging to one of the king’s Legions?
Or Cyan Pile, possibly someone at Umesato?
The majority of the social cameras in the area were apparently
not capturing images from inside the car as he couldn’t really see
through the window. Haruyuki changed his angle, strained his
eyes, and finally found a position that allowed him to see inside.
Stretching out his short pig avatar as far as possible to finally
reach up over the hood, he saw the driver—
“Wha…?!” Haruyuki let slip another surprised, scream-like cry
the moment he saw the driver. It was the face of a classmate he
was utterly familiar with, a face he had hoped never to see again.
“A…Araya…?! Wh…why…”

Why is he here?
Hadn’t he just been arrested—no question, no fight—after
hurting us at school? And then they found out pretty quickly
from his Neurolinker that he had the social camera evasion app
installed, along with a bunch of illegally copied games and images, and then on top of that, digital drugs? He should’ve been
tossed in juvie or reform school. For the time being, at least—he
shouldn’t be back at school while I’m still there!
Unable to believe his own eyes, Haruyuki blinked over and
over, staring at the face of the icy blue driver. But the hair pointed
straight up like the needles on a flower-arranging stand; the thin,
arched eyebrows; the pinhole pupils; the lips twisted in cruel excitement; the feeling of terror these features elicited in Haruyuki
whether he liked it or not, all these things told him that the boy in
front of his eyes was Araya in the flesh.
“He was bailed out this morning,” a grave voice noted beside
him abruptly, and Haruyuki quickly whirled around.
Standing there was Kuroyukihime, wrapped in her black swallowtail, fairy-princess avatar, biting hard on her lip. “I heard he
was sentenced in family court at the beginning of the week and
that he’d be locked up for at least a year. So I thought there was
no need to trouble myself about him anymore. But…I can’t believe he’d…” Having murmured this much in a strangled voice,
Kuroyukihime lowered her eyelashes and shook her head slowly.
“No, I should’ve had an idea, been on guard. For one person to
assault another, you don’t need the power of acceleration, after
all. I thought I knew that as long as you have a knife, a car, it’s
more than enough, but it seems that I hadn’t truly understood.”
As she related this information in her usual tone, Haruyuki
could see no trace of the childlike weeping from moments ago.
No, that’s just what I want to think, Haruyuki immediately corrected himself. He could clearly see the keen regret and something like resolve in eyes that should have been nothing more

than a creation of the avatar.
Kuroyukihime slowly closed those eyes, took a deep breath,
and said in a near whisper, “This…this is payback, then. For me.
Not knowing how people might feel, not even trying to know, and
yet, I play with those feelings however I want.”
“Wh-what…what are you talking about?” Haruyuki finally
managed.
Not responding immediately, Kuroyukihime turned to
Haruyuki and had her avatar, nearly twice as tall as his, kneel
down soundlessly. The black dress spread out, and the eyes, lowered to the same height as Haruyuki’s, met his straight on.
“Arita…Haruyuki.”
This voice calling to him caressed his ears more gently, more
calmly than any other sound in his memory.
“I’m sorry. I’m the one who brought this on. But I won’t let you
get hurt. I will do whatever it takes to protect you.”
“Huh? Wh-what—” Dumbfounded, Haruyuki could only repeat himself.
There was nothing they could at this point do once the acceleration was released. The moment they returned to reality, the
sedan in front of them would cover the remaining distance at an
incredible speed and send first Haruyuki himself and then
Kuroyukihime behind him flying.
He was glad it would be in that order. If he acted as a cushion,
there was a chance, although slight, that Kuroyukihime would get
out of this without major injuries. This thought had already occurred to Haruyuki earlier.
However, Kuroyukihime surprised him, declaring in a tone
that hid a strong resolve, “I will save you at least. I still haven’t

told you about it: Brain Burst’s…the best and final power of acceleration.”
“Huh?!”
Save…? You, the hero; me, nothing more than a tool…?
Haruyuki swallowed hard and shook his head violently from
side to side. “N-no!! You can’t do that! If that kind of power exists, I should be the one to use it! And then I can protect you! I’m
your servant, after all. I’m the one who has to protect you!!” he
shouted desperately, stretching both of his short arms out.
“Please tell me! What is this final power? What command do I
need to use it?!”
“Impossible. You can’t use the command unless you’re at least
level nine, and it uses ninety-nine percent of your accumulated
points. And more importantly, I’m your ‘parent.’ And what would
the world be like if parents didn’t protect their children?”
“B-b-b-but!!”
“Don’t make that face. I…In this situation, there’s only one
saving grace.”
“S-saving grace?”
“Mm. Given that these are my last words to you, you’ll believe
me, won’t you?”
Kuroyukihime raised both hands gently and placed her open
palms against each other, bringing them to her chest. Her eyes
closed, and a smile like flowers blooming appeared on her lips.
“Haruyuki. I like you.” From below the raised eyebrows, her black
eyes stared at Haruyuki, concealing an infinite radiance. “This is
the first time in my life I’ve felt like this. Unable to control it, totally confused. At school, at home in bed, I’m always thinking of
you, and I’m happy and I’m sad. So this is love…It’s wonderful.

It’s a miracle.” She gripped her hands together tightly in front of
her chest and grinned.
That smile was warm, gentle, good. But it pierced Haruyuki’s
chest as if ripping him apart. I want to believe. I want to believe.
I want to believe—
The effect of the tears welling up in his avatar’s eyes was too
strong, distorting Haruyuki’s vision. Wiping them away roughly,
he stared back at her eyes so close to his own and asked hoarsely,
“Why…? Why me? Me…A guy like me, why?”
“Mm. The reason? I can’t even count all the reasons. But, no, I
don’t think love needs a reason. So I’ll just tell how it happened.”
Smiling, Kuroyukihime stretched out her hands and placed them
on Haruyuki’s shoulders. “Haruyuki. Do you remember the first
time we met?”
“Yeah. Of course, of course I remember. On the local net…you
said to me in the virtual squash room, ‘Don’t you want to go further?’ ”
“I did. The high score I got in that game…” Her smile changed
into something slightly mischievous. “I used acceleration.”
“Wh-what?!”
“I could never have gotten a score like that if I hadn’t. I
thought it would pique your interest and make it easier to persuade you; I felt like I had to beat your score. I—” Kuroyukihime
cut herself off and turned her gaze up to the sky of the accelerated
world. “I became a Burst Linker six years ago, when I was just
eight. Ever since then, I’ve craved nothing but strength and
speed, cutting down countless enemies to become level nine, and
still not satisfied with that—these hands are stained with the
blood of friends. Even someone like me couldn’t possibly beat
that high score you recorded.”

She recomposed her expression and directed her strong eyes
straight at Haruyuki before continuing. “Listen, Haruyuki. You’re
fast. You can become faster than anyone else. Faster even than
me, faster than the other kings. And speed is a Burst Linker’s
greatest strength. One day, your name will be known far and wide
as the fastest Linker in the accelerated world. You’ll defeat the
kings, beat the other levels, and reach the source of Brain Burst.
Then you’ll know. The ultimate potential hidden in a person’s…in
our brains and souls.”
Nodding slowly, Kuroyukihime went on. “I…I shook when I
saw you playing that game. I shivered in a way I never had before.
I was moved. At the fact that a person could become that fast. In
my heart, I shouted, ‘Eureka! I finally found him, the true king to
accelerate against a stagnant world.’ ”
Haruyuki was so dumbfounded all he could do was let her
words wash over him. Me, faster than anyone…?
It was too incredible all of a sudden. But given the situation,
Kuroyukihime’s words did not permit even a shred of doubt. He
could not doubt her; that was the one thing he couldn’t do.
“But although you conceal such strength and potential, in reality, you are very fragile…so pitiful it’s sad. It was like my heart
was being ripped apart. I want to kneel before the future king.
But at the same time, I want to protect you, wrap you up and keep
you safe. These conflicting feelings rapidly swelled up in me, and
before I knew it, you were the only thing I could see. I fell in love
with you. I finally realized it yesterday.”
“Yesterday?”
“Mm. When you were talking about Kurashima. How can I say
it? It was the first time in my life I had ever been jealous; I
couldn’t control myself. Which is why I took that attitude with
you. And this morning as well. I was too slow to realize it…Well, I
was slow, but not too slow, I suppose. Here, like this.”

Tightening her grip on Haruyuki’s shoulders ever so slightly,
Kuroyukihime brought her face closer and smiled broadly. “I got
to tell you everything. Although if I had had my way, I would’ve
liked to have faced you properly and told you in the real world.”
Tears like jewels welled up in her sparkling jet-black eyes, forming drops and collecting in the corners of her eyes. “So…it’s about
time to say good-bye.”
“Wh-what are you going to do? I don’t—Good-bye, it’s not…”
Facing Haruyuki, swallowing hard and shaking his head,
Kuroyukihime spoke her final words like a warning. “Please. Become strong. And become fast. Defeat the kings on my behalf,
climb to the top, and see for me what I wanted to see.”
“No…no!!” Haruyuki shouted in a voice that resembled a wail.
“That’s not how it is! That’s—You can’t be the only one to go!! I’ll
protect you! And if I can’t, we’ll both go together! Please don’t
leave me…I—I still haven’t…For you…I…”
A voice mixed with sobs surged out of Haruyuki’s open mouth.
Leaning in softly, Kuroyukihime’s lips closed it.
Even though they were both virtual avatars, the sensation was
softer than anything, warmer than anything, gentler than anything.
After a kiss lasting a few thousandths of a second in the real
world, and essentially an eternity from Haruyuki’s perspective,
Kuroyukihime slowly pulled her lips away and whispered, “Another time…We’ll definitely meet again.” Her tears falling joined
together in a silver radiance following the lines of her body as she
stood up.
There was an almost-terrifying purpose in Kuroyukihime’s
back as she faced the approaching car with her legs out resolutely,
and Haruyuki couldn’t even speak, much less move.

Spreading her arms out wide, she straightened her back with a
snap and called out in a clear voice: “Physical Full Burst!!”
Kuroyukihime’s avatar disappeared, enveloped in a blinding
white light.
What the—? What happened?
Caught in an explosion of confusion and uneasiness and an
emotion overwhelming both of these he couldn’t put a name to,
Haruyuki screamed at the top of his lungs. “Kuroyukihime!!” His
tears spilled over onto his cheeks, distorting his vision, and he
lost his sense of balance, staggering a few steps backward.
And then Haruyuki saw something incredible.
Kuroyukihime—the body of Kuroyukihime in the real world,
transparent and blue—was moving.
Kuroyukihime, who should’ve been standing back, with
Haruyuki wedged in between her and the passenger vehicle barreling down on them, was definitely moving in the real world, albeit at a speed about one-tenth that of the car, successively
putting one foot in front of the other, kicking the ground and
moving forward.
This can’t—There’s no way this can be happening!!
The Brain Burst program overclocked the quantum signal generated by the heart rate a thousand times and accelerated only
the user’s consciousness. In other words, the process had absolutely no effect on the physical body. Thus, even accelerated,
the body was unable to even shift its gaze. That was why the program sent the user’s consciousness into a full dive at the same
time as it accelerated, cutting it off from the physical body and
connecting it to a copy of reality produced by the social cameras.
And yet, right now, the real-life Kuroyukihime was moving her

physical body at a speed that accelerated Haruyuki could clearly
see. Was the occasional blurring here and there on her ice-blue
body because she was exceeding the filming speed of the social
cameras? Which meant she was dashing around in the real world
at the super speed of more than a hundred times that of a normal
person!

Was this the best and final power of Brain Burst? A forbidden
command to overclock not just the consciousness but the entire
body?
There was no way the body could come out of something like
that okay.
As she charged ahead, Kuroyukihime’s expression was full of
firm determination and something else, a stiffness like she was
enduring something with every fiber of her being.
A something that was probably intense pain. She would no
doubt have been unable to stop the screaming of muscles and
joints being driven at a speed that was essentially impossible. But
she herself did not stop. In one, two, three steps, she was standing to the left of the real-world Haruyuki.
The front bumper of the car Araya was driving was already a
scant eighty centimeters from Haruyuki.
Kuroyukihime raised both hands and placed them gently on
Haruyuki’s body, as if she were about to embrace him. She applied the smallest amount of force onto his side, and his body
began to move.
At the same time, he felt an incredible impact in every part of
his body, and his vision faded to black.
Kuroyukihime had been gentle, but her push was equivalent to
being slammed into at high speed in the real world. The impact
activated the safety on his Neurolinker, which automatically canceled the full dive. As the center of his vision sank into darkness,
the original colors of the real world stretched out radially.
Instantly, Haruyuki returned from his avatar to his flesh-andblood body. He hit the pavement with his back and started choking. Forgetting to even breathe again, he opened his eyes and saw

in front of him Kuroyukihime, both hands still stretched out,
smiling somehow.
Immediately, the white car plunging savagely onto the sidewalk caught Kuroyukihime’s slim body, lifting her up onto the
hood, both legs flying up as if saved somehow by the bumper. She
hit the front windscreen and flew even higher.
Her long black hair flowed through the air, tracing an arc.
Shining orange in the evening sun.
On one side, the disconnected direct cable danced whitely.

7
In Haruyuki’s fragmented consciousness, his memories of the
events that followed existed only as three-color images.
Black—the slender figure twisted unnaturally on the paving
stones of the sidewalk.
Red—the terrifyingly large amount of blood spreading out underneath her.
White—closed eyelids, cheeks that had lost all color.
In the blink of an eye, his own hands and the necktie he used
to stop the bleeding were also dyed red.
Araya’s clothing was red too as he crawled, laughing loudly,
out from the driver’s seat of the white car, which had smashed
into the wall of a shop.
Police cars rushed to the scene, red lights flashing, and someone shoved the still-laughing Araya into a backseat.
Then the white ambulance arrived, rotating light on top the
same bright red, and the men in white who got out fixed
Kuroyukihime to a stretcher. Haruyuki also got in the ambulance
at their prompting, and the vehicle started moving at high speed.
And now, he was staring up at the ER’s red surgery lamp in the
corner of an entirely white hallway.
He had no room in his brain to think about what was going to
happen now. He could only replay every single moment of the last

four days since he’d met Kuroyukihime.
That time. And that time, that time, too…Haruyuki should’ve
done something different. If he had, then they wouldn’t be here
now.
Why couldn’t he just trust the hand Kuroyukihime offered
him, the feelings she had for him? If he had just accepted it, if he
hadn’t fought it, if he hadn’t so obstinately turned his face away,
they wouldn’t have had a quarrel like that on the road, and they
would’ve noticed the car approaching.
Of all the many mistakes I’ve made in my life up to now, this
is the biggest one of all, and I can’t ever take it back.
In each and every one of the shards of his fragmented consciousness, Haruyuki went back to all of the branching points and
tried to move forward into a different future, but even Brain
Burst couldn’t change the past.
How long had he been thinking like this and staring at that
lamp?
It was still on, indicating that surgery was in progress, but the
door slid open unexpectedly, and a single female nurse stepped
out. Haruyuki simply stared at the white-clad figure approaching
him.
She was young, as if she had only recently finished nursing
school. The expression on the face under her neatly arranged
bangs was strained as Haruyuki turned to her, words coming out
of his mouth essentially on their own.
“How…how is she?”
“The doctors and everyone in there are doing absolutely everything they can.” The nurse’s voice was slightly husky and tense.
“But…she suffered a lot of damage to her internal organs. To treat

her injuries, we’ve done a full insertion of nanomachines, and
we’ve managed to prevent her condition from worsening. And…
well, we’d like to contact her family, but she didn’t have any
emergency contact information in her Neurolinker.”
“What…” Haruyuki didn’t know what to say.
The nurse sat down next to him, crouched forward, and continued. “I was wondering if you knew her telephone number.
You’re…her…?”
She let the end trail off as if to ask a question, but Haruyuki
didn’t have any answers.
I’m her what? Pawn, servant. I don’t want to use words like
that anymore. But friend, classmate—that’s not right, either.
Mumbling to himself, Haruyuki lifted his head involuntarily at
the nurse’s next words. “Her boyfriend, aren’t you?”
“Uh! Wh-why?”
Just going by Kuroyukihime’s beautiful face, miraculously unscathed, and Haruyuki’s physical appearance, there should have
been nothing to even suggest such an idea.
He shrank his body reflexively as she gently handed him a
small notebook. It was an Umesato Junior High student agenda,
the blue synthetic leather embossed with an emblem in gold.
“When I was checking her personal effects for a telephone
number, I found this. I’m sorry.” The slightest of smiles crossed
her tense face, and the nurse opened the student notebook to the
last page.
In the clear pocket on the left was Kuroyukihime’s student ID
with her picture. And on the right was a familiar round face.
Taking the notebook with trembling hands, Haruyuki gazed at

the photo of himself wearing a stupid expression. That time, there
was no doubt. The photo was a printout of the view capture she
had taken when she first told him that she liked him in the
lounge. A drop of water fell with a plop on the front of the notebook.
It took Haruyuki a while to realize it was overflow from his
own eyes.
“She…Kuroyukihime.” His hushed voice trembled with emotion. It didn’t take long for the tremble to explode into the heavy
sobbing of a child. “Unh…aaah! Aaahaaaaah!!”
Clutching the notebook to his chest, bending over, Haruyuki
cried.
The tears poured out of his eyes and slid over his cheeks,
falling to the floor. In the pain hollowing out his chest, Haruyuki
finally and for the first time understood what his own true feelings were.
The surgery took nearly five hours.
During the time the clock display in the corner of his vision
moved from evening to the middle of the night, Haruyuki sent a
single text message to his mother, saying that a friend had been
in an accident, so he was going to be late that night or he might
not come home at all. Then he simply continued to sit resolutely
in his chair.
Apparently, the hospital had gotten in touch with Kuroyukihime’s family through the school, but surprisingly, rather than
anyone from her family, a man calling himself the family lawyer
appeared on his own.
The middle-aged lawyer, equipped with a large Neurolinker
and looking like a machine himself, simply took care of the paperwork in a businesslike fashion and departed a mere fifteen

minutes later without even glancing at Haruyuki.
A long, long time passed, and it was approaching ten when the
red lamp finally went off.
A young doctor emerged looking exhausted and seemed
slightly confused at finding Haruyuki alone in the hallway but
still sat down and carefully explained Kuroyukihime’s condition.
Explained that they had succeeded in stopping the bleeding,
but as there was extensive damage to her organs, she could drop
into a state of shock at any time. That the synthetic protein
nanomachines were doing everything they could to repair and assimilate the tissues, but in the end, it depended on the strength of
the patient herself.
“All said and done, I have to tell you she’s currently in serious
condition. The next twelve hours are going to be the worst of it.
Please keep that in mind.” Finishing with a severe expression, the
doctor headed off down the white hallway with the rest of the operating team.
The only person left was the female nurse from before.
Glancing at the student agenda Haruyuki still clutched, the
nurse spoke to him in a kind voice. “You, too. You should go
home and get some rest. Someone from her family is supposed to
come tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow…that’s too late,” Haruyuki answered stubbornly.
He had no desire to move even a step from this spot. “The doctor
said the next twelve hours are going to be the worst. And no one
here with her even though she’s in there fighting…It’s too awful.”
“…Right. I guess you’re right. Did you call home and let your
family know where you are?”
“Yes. And anyway, my mom won’t get home until one or so.”

“All right. Well, I’ll bring you a blanket, then. Just hold on a
minute.” She marched to the nurses’ station at the end of the hallway and returned quickly, handing Haruyuki a thin blanket and
nodding firmly. “It’ll be fine. I’m sure she’ll pull through. She’s so
pretty. And she has such a wonderful boyfriend. The two of you
still have a lot of fun ahead, I’m sure.”
We do. Much more than you think; everything’s still ahead of
us. We’re going to defeat Cyan Pile, destroy the kings’ Legions
one by one, and get to where she’s been working so hard to go.
I’ll be with her every step of the way.
Thoughts like these flitting through his mind, Haruyuki said,
“Th-thank you. Um…when can I see her?”
“Not right now. The nanomachine operation room has an air
seal. But you can see video of her at least, via the hospital net.
Just right now, special for you.”
The nurse smiled and made a finger dance in the air. At the
same time she flicked at something, an access gate was displayed
in Haruyuki’s vision.
He was a bit surprised to be getting a wireless transmission
from the nurse’s Neurolinker, since he was disconnected from the
global net, but he quickly realized that it must have come over the
hospital’s local net.
He clicked for access, and a video window opened. The image
was dim and hazy, but when he strained his eyes, he saw a
strangely shaped bed in the center.
It was like a capsule with only the top half open. The inside
was filled with a semitransparent fluid, and he could make out
the white body immersed in it to somewhere just below the shoulders. The tubes connected to both arms and her mouth were
painful to look at. Her closed eyelids didn’t even twitch.

“Kuroyukihime…” Haruyuki unconsciously murmured her
name, calling out to her.
Right now inside that slender body, countless nanites were allying with her own will to live to battle her severe injuries. And in
this battle alone, Haruyuki could offer no assistance. All he could
do was pray.
“Don’t worry. I’m sure she’ll make it,” the nurse repeated, patting Haruyuki’s head before getting up. “We’re monitoring her
condition very closely. I’ll come let you know if anything changes.
You just try and get a little rest.”
“Okay. Uh, um, thank you.” Haruyuki thanked the nurse
standing before him and bowed his head.
That was when he unexpectedly remembered something
strange in the window displayed in the right of his field of view.
His instincts, honed through his enormous experience with virtual games, whispered to him about things he should notice,
things he should consider.
What? What did I see just now?
Kuroyukihime’s naked body, exposed to the shoulders. But
there was something on her. He couldn’t really make it out, given
that she was immersed in semitransparent fluid, but finally he
saw it, a black thing around the back of her neck. Her Neurolinker. A single thin cable stretched out from the bed in line
with the oxygen tube and connected it to a large machine beside
her.
“O-oh, um, excuse me.”
Stopped by his hurried call, the nurse turned, head tilted to
the side. “Yes? ”
“No, it’s just…You left her Neurolinker on?”

“We did. It’s monitoring her brain waves.”
“Then, um, the machine the cable’s connected to, it’s not a
stand-alone…”
“Oh no, it’s connected to the hospital net.”
What?!
Haruyuki swallowed hard, and watching him with a doubtful
look, the nurse smiled reassuringly. “What’s wrong? Are you worried about security? It’s fine. The treatment level of the hospital
net is behind a very thorough wall. There isn’t a hacker out there
who could hurt her.”
Waving a hand in farewell, the nurse disappeared into the
nurses’ station, and Haruyuki replied in his head, almost groaning, That’s probably true normally. But this isn’t normal. It can
sneak into the social camera net and steal images in real time
with zero trouble, and that net’s supposed to have the nation’s
strongest walls.
Brain Burst.
Alone in the hallway, Haruyuki set himself down on the bench
with a thud, holding the blanket in his left hand.
Kuroyukihime’s Neurolinker was completely disconnected
from the global net. But it was connected to the hospital net via
direct so she could be treated. Which meant…
Haruyuki murmured in a trembling voice, “Burst link.”
Immediately, the world froze, accompanied by the usual thunder.
Haruyuki, in his pig avatar, staggered to his feet and, with a
feeling akin to prayer, clicked on the flaring B mark among the

icons lined up on the left side of his virtual desktop, launching the
Brain Burst console. He opened the matching list.
After a moment of searching, the name Silver Crow was displayed at the top of the list.
And then, barely a beat later, “Black Lotus.”
“N-no way,” Haruyuki moaned.
If he clicked around in his Neurolinker and disconnected from
the hospital net, he could make himself disappear from the
matching list. But Kuroyukihime, currently having her brain
waves monitored, could not.
Obviously she wasn’t connected to the global net, so there
wouldn’t be endless trespassing from outside. But if there was a
Burst Linker in this hospital, and if that person launched Brain
Burst, and if they found Black Lotus and challenged her to a
fight…
Unconscious, Kuroyukihime would simply be hunted.
No, that was too perfect. There was no way another Burst
Linker would be in the same hospital at the same time. And this
late at night, there really shouldn’t have been anyone coming or
going. If any Burst Linkers other than Haruyuki and Kuroyukihime connected to the hospital net, their names would have to
show up on the list.
So there was no need to panic.
Haruyuki tried to calm himself. But the sensation of sweat
soaking the round hands of his avatar didn’t go anywhere.
That’s not it. Not yet. I’m missing something.
What if…what if there’s some Burst Linker in a position to

find out that Black Lotus—the biggest bounty in the accelerated
world—was seriously injured and in the hospital, and even
which hospital she was in?
He tried to force his thoughts to conclude, There’s no way
someone like that exists, but his eyes widened with a fearful
shudder.
There is, though. Just one person, one enemy like that. Cyan
Pile.
The mysterious enemy who had gone so far as to infect
Chiyuri’s Neurolinker with a virus, whose real identity they
hadn’t been able to figure out. At this stage, all he could say was
that it was someone at Umesato.
And the school had already been informed of Kuroyukihime’s
accident. Adding in the fact that the cause of the accident was
Araya driving without a license and assaulting her with a car immediately after making bail, it was sure to be big news already.
Right about now, it was no doubt spreading like wildfire through
the students at Umesato.
The hospital itself probably hadn’t been identified yet. If one
of the girls who worshipped her in the lower grades or a member
of her fan club had found out the name of the hospital, there
would already have been hundreds of them pushing through the
doors.
But…the teachers would know already. In which case, it was
only a matter of time before it got out to the students. Tons of visitors would show up, and if Cyan Pile happened to be among
them, he or she would be nearly impossible to pick out.
So…that’s that, then.
He slumped crestfallen and sat down next to his frozen, blue
real-life self.

Kuroyukihime was fighting for her life. No matter how you
looked at it, it was a fact that this was not the time for a Duel.
Fortunately, the same opponent could only challenge you to
one Duel per day. Until Kuroyukihime’s condition improved,
she’d just have to get beaten by Cyan Pile a couple times and lose
some points.
No! I’m an idiot!! What did Kuroyukihime say before the accident?! Haruyuki clenched both fists and stood up abruptly.
The final command she had used to save Haruyuki: physical
full dive.
That the price for this transcendental effect of accelerating not
just your consciousness but your physical body as well was losing
99 percent of your burst points.
Kuroyukihime’s points were currently on the verge of being
wiped out. So depleted, in fact, that if she were to lose even once
to the much-lower-ranking Cyan Pile, her points would no doubt
drop to zero quickly enough. And in that instant, her Brain Burst
would forcefully uninstall.
For her, that would be…For Kuroyukihime, who had been
fighting all this time to reach level ten, it would basically be the
same as dying. That couldn’t happen; that absolutely could not
happen. He couldn’t let Cyan Pile go up against Kuroyukihime
even once.
Kuroyukihime risked her life to save me.
So now I have to save her. That half of her.
I will monitor the hospital entrance. I will not sleep a wink. I
will be ready to spend every one of my points and accelerate
each time a student from Umesato shows up. I will find and
challenge Cyan Pile. And then I will defeat him or her. I will beat

Cyan Pile over and over until my enemy’s points are nearly exhausted and I will banish Cyan Pile from the accelerated world.
“I’ll protect you. I’ll do whatever it takes to protect you.”
Haruyuki spoke out loud, the sole inhabitant of the blue world
around him. “Because…I—I have something I have to tell you.
When I see you again. So I’ll fight,” he declared firmly, turning
his eyes toward Kuroyukihime, supposedly lying down on the
other side of the blue wall.
Returning to reality with the “burst out” command, Haruyuki
wrapped his arms around his knees, faced sideways on the bench,
wrapped the blanket around his body, and fixed his gaze on the
entrance to the left down the hall.
There were other ways into the hospital, but to connect to the
hospital net, you had to authenticate your Neurolinker at the entrance. So Cyan Pile would have to come in there.
The time was ten thirty.
It wasn’t very likely that Cyan Pile would show up at this time
of night when visiting hours were long over, but his enemy was
also cornered. If Cyan Pile was going to target Kuroyukihime
while she was known to be unconscious, it was possible he or she
would come and attack after finding out the name of the hospital.
Haruyuki set the alarm in his Neurolinker to the loudest volume. This way, if he got sleepy, a bell so noisy it would practically
ring the life out of him would force him back awake.
Time had never in his life moved as slowly as it did that night.
However, he didn’t feel bored, much less sleepy. For the most
part, he continued to face the dim entrance with eyes wide open,
once in a while glancing over at the minimized ER video window.
Kuroyukihime’s white body in the capsule bed didn’t move in
the slightest, but Haruyuki felt keenly that a desperate battle was

currently playing out there.
Fight. Fight, he pleaded each time he looked at the video. They
were connected through their Neurolinkers and the hospital net,
and through the Brain Burst program. So these pleas of encouragement had to be getting to her. Haruyuki believed this firmly;
there was no room for doubt.
Around two in the morning, the worried-looking nurse came to
check on him, a paper cup of coffee in one hand. He refused the
milk and sugar, and his first-ever cup of black coffee tasted so bitter, it nearly pierced his tongue.
At five in the morning, the first light of dawn pushed faintly
through the entrance. After hesitating briefly, Haruyuki dashed to
the washroom and, taking care of business faster than he ever
had in his life, rushed back out to curl up on the bench again.
Six AM. The number of employees coming and going in twos
and threes started to increase, and Haruyuki pushed his vigilance
up a level.
Seven AM. The night staff, having finished their work, started
trickling out, the nurse along with them. She handed Haruyuki a
second cup of coffee and a sandwich and spoke to him encouragingly before she, too, departed.
Eight thirty AM.
The automatic doors of the hospital’s main entrance were
opened, taking over from the night reception. As if waiting for
that moment, several people, mostly older patients, came in.
Haruyuki, feeling even more alert, opened both eyes wide and
stared intently at the flow of people.
Given that it had only been six months since he’d started at the
school, there was no way he could actually remember the face of
every student at Umesato Junior High, no matter how small the

school might be, with just three classes for each grade. When he
saw the face of a young person he wasn’t sure about, he had to instantly accelerate and check the matching list.
He had strained his powers of concentration very close to their
limit, but the digital clock display in the corner of his vision
changed numbers slowly, so slowly it was as if the display were
laughing at him.
Thirty-five minutes. Forty minutes.
Kuroyukihime probably still wasn’t out of the woods yet. Of
the twelve hours the doctor had cited, more than ten had already
passed.
Hurry and wake up. And then cut off the brain monitoring,
Haruyuki prayed with all his heart.
One more time. Once more. He wanted to meet her in the accelerated world, just the two of them.
And this time he would tell her how he felt. He would hold
nothing back.
Eight forty-five.
Haruyuki finally saw the first familiar face appear in his alert
eyes. He caught his breath for an instant, and then expelled it in a
long sigh.
It wasn’t just familiar. It was one of the two faces he knew best
in this world. The tall, slender form was packaged in a grown-up
velour jacket and chino pants. The airy hair shone brown, catching the morning light.
You came…
Haruyuki relaxed his shoulders, and his face split into a smile.
“Heeey, Taku! Over here!”

The moment Haruyuki’s salutation, a little too loud for inside
a hospital, reached the entrance from the hallway, Takumu—
Takumu Mayuzumi—froze in midstep. He didn’t seem to have
spotted Haruyuki. Scanning left to right, he finally turned straight
toward the hallway farthest from the entrance, leading to the
emergency room.
Haruyuki got up from the bench and waved again. Meeting his
eyes, Takumu tilted his head slightly and blinked rapidly several
times before his usual relaxed and bright smile spread out across
his face. After tossing his navy-blue-jacketed right arm up in a
wave, he poked at his blue Neurolinker with a fingertip.
Haruyuki quickly understood that he had to wait until he was
authenticated on the hospital net and smiled slightly wryly at
Takumu’s usual methodical style.
Regardless of whether you were at the hospital for a checkup
or to visit someone, to go past the entrance, the common rule at
all hospitals across the country was to either sign in to the hospital net with your Neurolinker or to show your ID at the reception
desk to get a visitor’s pass.
However, it didn’t really matter if you stood and waited in the
entrance for the mere thirty seconds it took for the strict authentication or moved while it was authenticating to save time. When
Haruyuki had come last night, he’d run straight to the ER without
stopping for even a second, so the authentication had finished
after Kuroyukihime had disappeared onto the other side of those
doors.
However, Takumu was apparently not interested in committing even this trivial violation of the rules. He turned his eyes toward Haruyuki, and with an irritated look on his face, he stood in
the middle of the entrance hall and waited for the sign-in to be
complete. Then, suddenly, as if noticing something, Takumu
turned to the side. His eyes ran off in the direction of the automatic doors, and he brought his left hand to his mouth, the way

you do when you call out to someone in a loud voice.
Haruyuki wondered if maybe Chiyuri had come and tried to
see beyond the front entrance himself.
The moment his eyes left Takumu, it hit him: a faint sense of
wrongness.
Would the irreproachable (unlike Haruyuki) Takumu shout in
a hospital?
Cupping his mouth like a megaphone. Almost as if he were trying to hide from Haruyuki the words being uttered.
In an instant, his feeling of wrongness turned to shivers, and
an arrow of ice pierced Haruyuki’s spinal cord. Opening his eyes,
standing stiff as a board, several thoughts flashed simultaneously
through his brain.
I—Why did I assume Cyan Pile had to be someone at Umesato?
Obviously because Chiyuri’s Neurolinker was infected with
that virus. Because someone was using Chiyuri as a steppingstone to attack Kuroyukihime from somewhere in the school net
like a ghost.
But. If that back door was made for access from the global
net? In that case, the suspect didn’t have to be at Umesato Junior
High; he or she could be anywhere in the country.
As his brain worked in overdrive, his thoughts were overlaid
with a new filter to narrow things down.
Why Chiyuri? Because she was easy to contact.
Someone outside school, closer to Chiyuri than anyone else.
Someone with her, so close they could direct. Only one person

met these conditions. And he was standing a mere twenty meters
away from Haruyuki at this very moment.
The instant his thoughts reached this point, Haruyuki’s mouth
moved automatically and the command surged out.
“Burst link!!”
The boy who was Chiyuri’s childhood friend and boyfriend.
Takumu.
Boooom!
The cold, dry thunder froze the world. The Takumu before his
eyes was frozen in blue, left hand still raised to his mouth.
But he wasn’t frozen, in fact. Takumu had shouted the command into that hand at the same time. And his consciousness was
accelerated in a different frozen space from Haruyuki’s.
You. It was you. I can’t believe it. No way. Why? Why?
Confused screams echoing in the back of Haruyuki’s mind, the
right arm of his avatar began flashing over his virtual desktop as
fast as possible.
Right now, Takumu would be doing the exact same thing.
Launching the Brain Burst console, waiting for the matching list
to update. And then clicking on the name Black Lotus when it
drops down in the results and requesting a Duel.
Haruyuki had to get Cyan Pile into a Duel before that.
He clenched his teeth, opened his eyes wide, and stared at the
matching list search display.
Pop! His own name at the top of the list. Silver Crow.
Then the person he loved, the person he had to protect. Black

Lotus.
And finally, the name of the enemy he had to defeat appeared
before Haruyuki’s eyes for the first time. Cyan Pile.
Be in time!!
Screaming with every fiber of his being, Haruyuki clicked on
the name impossibly quickly and hit the “duel” command in the
window that popped up.

8
Skree! Skree! Skree! Skree!
The world shook unnaturally for a moment, innumerable
masses of metals grating against one another.
The fresh morning light that had been shining in from the entrance became an unsettling yellow. Rusty, metallic, slimy gills
grew up like some monstrous creature from Haruyuki’s feet to
cover the floor and walls around him. The pillars twisted and became ridged like the stomach of an insect, while several protrusions resembling strange eyeballs popped out from the ceiling. In
seconds, the interior of the cutting-edge hospital, which had been
so clean, was enveloped in an organic, metallic pollution, the
nightmare of an old Cyberpunk author.
As Haruyuki held his breath, standing stock-still, shining silver armor reached down from the tips of his limbs to encase his
body, which stretched out and narrowed like wire. Hips to stomach, and then up to his chest, he was transformed into smooth silver, and then finally, his head was sealed in a rounded helmet.
Almost simultaneous with the change from pink pig to Silver
Crow duel avatar, two health gauges snapped out to the sides in
the top of his vision. Between the gauges, the number 1800. Finally, in the center, flames rose up, and the word FIGHT! appeared
within the flames, flaring bright red before bursting and scattering.
Glancing at the counter as it started its countdown, Haruyuki
breathed a sigh of relief; he had made it. He looked over to where
Takumu had been at the end of the slimy hall. Incredibly, stand-

ing in the same place, facing the side, was the unexpected form of
Takumu’s duel avatar.
That’s…Takumu?! That’s Cyan Pile?!
Unconsciously, Haruyuki pulled his right leg back a half step
in shock.
He was enormous. No, he wasn’t as tall as that. The avatar was
just another five centimeters taller than Takumu, who was already 175 centimeters in seventh grade. But from Silver Crow’s
perspective at barely 155 centimeters, it was enough for him to
have to look up.
However, the most overwhelming thing was the sheer immense girth of Cyan Pile’s body. Which wasn’t to say he was fat.
Four limbs and a trunk with muscles bulging like a pro wrestler’s,
wrapped in close-fitting, metallic blue, bodysuit-type armor. On
his feet, rugged dark blue boots. On his left hand, an enormous
glove in the same color. He looked like the macho hero from
some American comic, a full one hundred eighty degrees from
slim, lithe Takumu.
Awestruck, Haruyuki was rooted in place.
Cyan Pile slowly turned to the left and stared down at
Haruyuki. His head was covered by a stylish teardrop mask. Several thin slit-shaped gaps opened up horizontally on his face, with
a single brace piercing them vertically in the center. Depending
on how you looked at it, it was almost reminiscent of a kendo
mask.
Behind one of the slits, two bluish-white eyes sparkled in a
sharp shape with a sudden snap. The left foot came up slowly and
fell to the floor heavily. The slime that had built up there whizzed
to both sides.
As Haruyuki pulled his left leg back to take another step, his

eyes were drawn to Cyan Pile’s bare right arm. What was that?!
Not a glove like on his left hand. A thick pipe connected at his
elbow. The pipe was probably fifteen centimeters around and a
meter long. The tip of the metal pole apparently equipped inside
protruded from the opening and emitted a dangerous, dazzling
radiance.
From the color of the armor covering his entire body, Cyan
Pile’s attribute was close-range blue. But it was infinitesimally
close to the pure blue Kuroyukihime had told him about. In
which case, that sharp pole shouldn’t have been a flying weapon.
Even as he had this thought, Haruyuki felt compelled to take
another step back.
As if to torment the slender, motionless Silver Crow, Cyan Pile
took one slow step, then another, down the organic metal hallway. Then he stopped abruptly.
The mask with its lines of slits turned to survey the environment. Coming out of the mask was…It was twisted gloomily, but
it was still definitely the clear voice of his good friend Takumu he
had heard so much over so many years.
“Huh. So we got a Purgatory stage. It’s been a long time since
I’ve seen one of these. What were the attributes again?”
As the carefree voice spoke, Haruyuki unconsciously opened
his mouth. “T-Taku…”
Skkkkrrrk!
Suddenly, the iron rod, driven by Cyan Pile’s right arm, bit
into the metal wall of the hallway, tearing it open horribly. Slime
and pieces of steel were sent flying and tiny, crushed, peculiar insects he didn’t know the names for dropped to the floor.

Haruyuki swallowed his words and flinched, cowering.
Glancing at him, Cyan Pile continued in an even more cheerful
voice, “It’s definitely solid. Might be a little hard to destroy this
stage.”
Thud. He started walking again, and the large blue frame drew
near, as if bending over. “Haru…Haru. You always were fast on
the virtual desktop. I was literally about to push the duel button,
but right before I could, you sucked me in.”
“Ta…kumu…”

Is it really you? Why? Since when?
Since when are you a Burst Linker?
Before Haruyuki could voice the questions swirling around in
his heart, Cyan Pile made a further utterance. “Honestly, you
being a Burst Linker…I have to say I’m surprised. You have no
idea how hard it was to keep my calm yesterday. I mean, betrayed
by my best friend like that, huh, Haru?”
“T-Takumu…It’s not like that. It’s…” The words Haruyuki
blurted hoarsely were drowned out by the iron rod slamming into
the wall again.
“How’d it feel, Haru? Directing on Chi’s bed? How’d it feel to
be held by her? Did you enjoy Chi’s body, touching her while you
thought about me?”
You’re not Takumu! Haruyuki screamed voicelessly. This isn’t
the Taku I know. Taku would never say things like that. He’s always cheerful and bright and absolutely never negative. That’s
the real Takumu. Cyan Pile is someone else. He probably built a
back door in Takumu’s Neurolinker, too, and is connecting from
someplace far off.
Haruyuki tried desperately to make himself believe this.
But there was the aura he had felt then.
Haruyuki was keenly conscious of the fact that the exact same
aura he had felt when he was directing with Chiyuri and discovered the virus in her Neurolinker—that shadow of someone hiding back there, eyes and ears wide open—was radiating off the
blue duel avatar in front of him.
And maybe it was the same shadow he had felt since way back
when, since the three of them were kids, when Takumu would

sometimes turn glancingly at Haruyuki and Chiyuri when they
were fooling around.
“Taku…is this you?” The words Haruyuki uttered from under
his silver mask echoed so sharply and clearly that they surprised
even himself. “You infected Chiyu’s Neurolinker with that virus?
You hid from Chiyu and connected to her, making her senses
your own private peep show?!”
“I’d rather you didn’t call it a virus.”
The enormous avatar, stopping a mere five meters away,
opened up its left hand nimbly, a smart gesture that alone was
like Takumu. “Chi’s my girlfriend. So of course I direct with her.
And directing means offering up your Neurolinker to your partner. It means circumventing password authentication, laying bare
the depths of your local memory, and accepting whatever happens, whether it’s some file getting looked at or some program
getting installed. Am I wrong? Haru, I mean, you…” Inside the
slits cutting across Cyan Pile’s mask, Haruyuki could feel a sneer
sliding across the face he couldn’t see. “You directed with Chi and
dug through her memory without her knowing, right? And you’re
not even her boyfriend or anything. Aren’t you the one who took
advantage of Chi’s kindness to do something dirty?”
“Th-that—”
“You’ve always been like that, Haru.” As Cyan Pile spoke in a
calm voice, a large, strangely shaped metal insect scuttled by on
the wall to his right. He casually raised the enormous needle in
his right hand and lightly pierced the insect’s back. Pinned to the
wall and squealing, the insect moved its countless legs frantically,
trying to get away. “Ever since forever, with Chi, you’ve been all,
Poor me. Pathetic me. Be nice to sad little me. Hang out with me
more. That’s all you’ve ever said to her. Not in words, but with
your attitude, the look in your eyes—with your entire existence,
actually.”

The rod sank deeper into the insect’s carapace, making a wet
sound. Green liquid splashed out, and the virtual insect began to
writhe even more frantically.
“Girls, they don’t get it. Chi always looks like she had so much
more fun dragging you along by the hand, complaining the whole
time, than she does when I’m the one holding her hand. Ever
since we were kids, she looks so happy watching out for you, taking care of you. Did you know? Wherever she goes, Chi always
brings a big handkerchief. For sweaty you.”
Clang!!
With a terrifying noise, the insect was pulverized, and the dark
green shell and limbs shot out with the slime from the wall.
Half bewildered, Haruyuki asked Cyan Pile, insect fluids still
dripping from the needle, “So that’s why…? That’s why you told
Chiyu you liked her two years ago? Like that…like you were in a
hurry?”
“Not like I was in a hurry. I was hurrying. I was sure if things
kept up like that, Chi’d try to spend the rest of her life watching
out for you. Like those ancient manga you keep an archive of.
She’d end up all, You can’t live without me, so I’ll marry you.
Ooh, or maybe your strategy was to lead Chi there? Ha-ha-ha!”
Cyan Pile laughed brightly, but with a distorted echo that made a
shiver run down Haruyuki’s spine.
No. No.
Takumu, you’re wrong. Chiyuri definitely did not have fun
looking after sad-sack me. She’s been seriously worried. She
doesn’t know what to do about me.
But Haruyuki didn’t know how to say these things so that they
would reach Takumu. Because on a superficial level, there was a
certain truth in what Takumu was saying.

Turning to Haruyuki still standing there, Cyan Pile took another step. “I was pretty happy two years ago when Chi picked
me. I thought she finally understood that she was better off being
happy with me than working so hard to look out for you. I suppose…it was a practical decision?”
“Practical?”
“ ‘We can’t be little kids forever,’ right?”
The words Haruyuki had said to Chiyuri the day before.
Cyan Pile raised the tip of the metal needle, dyed green, up
into the air as if seeking agreement. “I mean, Chi’s a girl—well, a
woman. She’ll realize someday that she’ll be way happier with a
boyfriend she can brag to her friends about, a nice marriage, a
satisfying life. So I tried my best. I studied so much it nearly
killed me and got into the school I’m at now. I run every day to
train my body while you play your dumb video games and sleep
like a little baby, Haru.”
“A-are you serious?” Haruyuki shouted almost mechanically,
unable to collect his thoughts. “Do you really think Chiyu chose
you because of some calculating self-interest?!”
“I don’t like that phrase, calculating self-interest. It’s just a
fair way of looking at things.” Cyan Pile laughed again. “Chi has
the right to be happy. The right to date me—best student in my
grade, kendo champion—and be happy.”
Haruyuki inhaled sharply.
This isn’t Takumu.
He couldn’t believe that this was Takumu’s true self. He didn’t
want to believe it. Something had warped Takumu.
Part of it was probably Haruyuki and Chiyuri’s relationship.

Chiyuri continued to care about Haruyuki while dating Takumu.
He probably felt driven to the wall by that in a way. But more
than that, what had changed Takumu was probably…
“This isn’t you, Taku.” Haruyuki raised his silver mask and
stared directly into Cyan Pile’s sharp eyes. “Being the best in your
grade, the championship, that’s not you. It’s Brain Burst; it’s the
acceleration. When? When did you become a Burst Linker?”
For a moment, the Purgatory stage was shrouded in silence.
A group of small insects skittered past his feet, and occasionally vapor like a living creature spewed from the gills in the walls.
Two hundred seconds had already passed on the counter, which
had started at 1800. As the hundreds position on the counter
clicked down to five, Cyan Pile spoke.
“It is me.” The needle on his right hand pointed at Haruyuki.
“Acceleration is me. I was the one with brain-training software
crammed down my throat through my Neurolinker from the time
I was just a baby until I was totally sick of it. I cultivated the aptitude! And it’s only been a year since I became a Burst Linker. My
kendo team captain is my parent, a close associate of the Blue
King. He’s got high hopes for me. I’m a cadet in the royal guard.
And yet—”
Ka-chaaaank!!
His right hand, gesturing broadly, ripped several enormous
scars in the wall. “Now!! Now you’re a Burst Linker?! And you
think you’re my equal, Haru?! The ability to accelerate’s given
you confidence, so you’re trying to take Chi back?! Is that it?! It’s
no good, Haru. You can’t beat me. In grades, in sports, in Chi’s
heart. And, naturally, not in the accelerated world. I’ll help you
understand. My power…I’ll teach that pathetic duel avatar of
yours.” A brilliant light burst forth from Cyan Pile’s eyes.
He’s serious. Takumu is seriously planning to fight me.

Haruyuki still felt like he could make Takumu understand if he
just found the right words. He wanted to explain Chiyuri’s—and
his own—true feelings. He didn’t want to fight like this.
But if Haruyuki lost here…
Cyan Pile would try to fight Black Lotus again. And then he
would hunt her while she was unconscious. In an instant,
Kuroyukihime would lose all her points and, with them, the
power of acceleration.
Just that. No matter what else happened, he had to prevent at
least that.
“Taku. You really are amazing. You’re good at school and
sports; you’re cool, too. You have everything I don’t,” Haruyuki
murmured in a stifled voice, looking down. Then he jerked his
face up at Cyan Pile and shouted sharply, “But you’re an idiot. A
super idiot!”
“What was that? I’m an idiot?”
“Yeah. Which is why you can’t beat me! Did you forget? Have
you ever in your life beaten me at any game?”
“…Haru. Haru.” A voice mixed with laughter and echoes of violence. “In that case, you’re about to lose the very last thing you
can be proud of!!”
Cyan Pile’s boots kicked hard against the floor, and the enormous body, nearly two meters tall, began to close the distance between them at an incredible speed belying his form.
But he was still slower than the charge of Ash Roller’s bike.
Slip by him. Then move to a bigger area. The entrance hall—
no, the roof.
Haruyuki focused on Cyan Pile’s right hand. His opponent was

a close-range fighter; as long as he didn’t come within striking
distance of that needle, he wouldn’t take any damage.
After watching Cyan Pile move, right arm drawn back as far as
it would go, Haruyuki dashed forward, intending to slip through
on the opposite side.
Silver Crow’s speed, essentially his only redeeming feature, appeared to take his opponent off guard. Seeming faintly surprised,
Cyan Pile thrust his right arm forward, carving out an arc.
You can dodge this!
Predicting the trajectory of the attack, Haruyuki dropped
down and tried to break through alongside Cyan Pile’s left arm.
Krsshk!
An unexpected sound rang through the air.
Eyes open wide, Haruyuki saw in his periphery flames shooting from the end of the fat pipe that was Cyan Pile’s right arm.
The dazzling, thick iron rod shot out so fast he could hardly see it.
It may not have been a flying weapon, but it did stretch out to
nearly double its length, and the range was more than sufficient
to grab hold of Silver Crow. Haruyuki heard an unpleasant
shrieking pass through his own body concurrent with the impact.
And then a sharp, numbing pain.
The tip of the rod had pierced his left elbow, and Haruyuki
watched as his arm separated in that spot. He remembered belatedly that pile could also mean stake.
The arm, carving out a trail of sparks as it fell to the floor, immediately smashed into a thousand tiny pieces and disappeared.
The health gauge in the upper left of his vision dropped abruptly,
nearly a third with just the one blow.

But Haruyuki didn’t have the time to feel sorry about taking
such serious damage right at the start of the fight. Even as he
crumpled and his back scraped along the hallway wall, trying to
regain his balance, he saw the evil iron rod in Cyan Pile’s right
arm, still extended—or rather, he saw it being pulled in again.
It was clear that the instant the stake was reloaded, he would
again have to face that terrifying attack.
The attack attribute was probably “piercing” and Silver Crow’s
metal color should have meant he was resistant to it. So his arm
being torn off in one blow meant it hit him in exactly the wrong
place. This was the difference three levels could make, or simply,
Cyan Pile was really strong.
Considering this momentarily, Haruyuki picked himself up
again and jumped hard, gaining some distance. Without looking
back, he dashed for the entrance hall as fast as he could.
“Ha-ha-ha! What? Running away so soon, Haru?”
The sneering laughter echoed up from behind him almost as if
urging him on, and Haruyuki ran his eyes quickly over his surroundings.
The long benches in the waiting area had been transformed
into cast iron, spikes sprouting up everywhere like some torture
device from the Middle Ages, and the reception counter to his
right was entwined with rusted barbed wire. Naturally, there
weren’t any people. And on the other side of the counter was the
thing he was looking for: the elevator doors.
In the Century End stage, the elevators were naturally not
likely to have been functioning because entry into the buildings
themselves was not permitted, but in this Purgatory stage, with
the interior reconstructed in such detail, they just might be working.

Running over, Haruyuki smashed the skull-shaped button beside the door—now mesh like a cage—with a prayer in his heart.
Sure enough, the mesh opened to the left and right, accompanied
by a grinding, metallic noise. He clenched his right hand in victory.
From behind him, the sound of Cyan Pile’s thudding footsteps
grew closer moment by moment.
He leapt into the solitary-confinement cell of an elevator, and
his right hand repeatedly punched the button with an R carved
into it. Hurry. Hurry up and move.
The instant the lattice closed at a speed so sluggish it seemed
designed to irritate, something slammed into the door. Poking its
face through a gap of about five centimeters in the mesh was the
iron rod’s shining, dazzlingly sharp tip.
Haruyuki stifled the urge to shriek and jumped away, pressing
his back against the wall.
Skreeeee!
The iron stake shot forward, bending the lattice slightly, before
finally stopping mere millimeters from Silver Crow’s thin abdomen. As its malignant radiance retracted, the elevator finally
trembled and rattled, beginning its ascent.
“Ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
Haruyuki stomped his right leg against the floor, banishing the
sticky, sneering laughter chasing up from below him.
Tumbling out onto the roof, Haruyuki scanned his surroundings,
breathing heavily. Involuntarily, his eyes grew wider.
The sky in the Purgatory stage was filled with an unsettling
yellow light, and dark clouds wound through the sky like living

creatures. The buildings around him, the heart of Suginami ward,
had been changed into bizarre forms bearing a distant resemblance to something living and shone slimily with a reddish-black
rusty color. He supposed the lancelike spires he could see in the
distance were the Shinjuku Government Building and the surrounding skyscrapers.
Just as he started to wonder exactly how far the stage reached,
Haruyuki noticed something with a start and gasped.
There was someone there.
Well, if by someone, he meant a strikingly eccentric silhouette.
From the roofs of buildings around him that were taller than the
hospital, groups of twos and threes were looking down on
Haruyuki. Unknown Burst Linkers. Spectators.
Momentarily bewildered, Haruyuki finally hit on it.
He might have been cut off from the global net, but the other
fighter, Takumu, probably connected globally right before the
match started. Why he would have done that and taken the risk of
someone else calling him out was unclear, but in any case, because he had, this stage was open to the outside, and the Burst
Linkers registered for the automatic Gallery for Cyan Pile and Silver Crow had appeared. Although it made no real difference to his
situation if there was a Gallery or not.
The light blue, arrow-shaped cursor displayed in his field of
view slowly started to change direction, vibrating slightly. Cyan
Pile had also gotten in an elevator and was headed for the roof.
After moving about ten meters across the expansive roof,
Haruyuki turned and faced the elevator. Up here, he had plenty of
space for evasive moves, unlike in the hallway.
And he now understood from firsthand experience the reach
of Cyan Pile’s metal stake. As long as he paid attention to the po-

sition of Cyan Pile’s right arm, Haruyuki should be able to avoid
it. Don’t be afraid. You have no choice but to do this. As he told
himself this, the elevator lurched to a stop in front of him and the
doors slowly pulled open.
Cyan Pile’s enormous body was stuffed into the elevator, taking up every bit of space. Scraping along the walls, he stepped out
onto the roof, and the eyes in the depths of the slits lit up faintly.
“Oh, I get it. Up here, you can dart in and hit and then dart back
out again, huh, Haru—I mean, Silver Crow.”
“It’s just that down there, you looked cramped, like you were
having a hard time.”
“A-ha-ha! I can’t believe you’re saying something like that to
me.” Still chuckling, Cyan Pile started to advance mechanically.
Haruyuki crouched and measured the distance between them.
He shouldn’t fully understand how fast Silver Crow is yet. That’s
my only chance of winning. Before he gets used to my speed, I
have to do something and win.
A heavy-looking boot took its fourth step, and just as it was on
the verge of making contact with the ground, Haruyuki kicked off
as hard as he could.
The sky rang out shrilly, and the enormous blue body approached instantaneously. Haruyuki plunged forward in a
straight line, and Cyan Pile’s right arm followed, targeting him.
Right here!!
He abruptly took off on his left leg and started running to the
right. With an enormous roar, the metal spike shot out at an extremely high speed. Reacting after seeing the spike launched was
basically impossible, but if he could anticipate where it would go
and make the right call, he could pull this off.

Haruyuki traced an arc over the surface of Cyan Pile’s left arm
and darted in, the tip of the metal spike stopping just in front of
his left cheek. Feeling a scorching heat there, Haruyuki kicked his
right leg at the floor with all his strength.
“Nngaaah!” He beat into the defenseless flank with his right
fist. Thunk. Serious resistance. The big frame shuddered.
I can still do this!
As if chasing Cyan Pile’s back as he tried to turn his body
around, Haruyuki dashed forward another step and landed a
right roundhouse kick on his enemy’s left calf. As Cyan Pile lost
his balance with a jolt, Haruyuki brought a final blow, a left knee
strike toward the center of that enormous back.
Wham! Serious impact. The hulking body bent over into a
sideways V.
Cyan Pile, staggering to put distance between them, roared
hatefully, “Rrrgh! I—I guess you really are good at games, Haru.
But little tricks like that are useless!!”
Haruyuki just barely managed to dodge the left fist thrown at
him, used the inertia to spin his body around, and buried his
right heel in the nape of the neck presenting itself defenselessly.
“Nnngaaaaah!”
Haruyuki closed his ears to the broken shrieking in Takumu’s
voice and continued his rush. Using not just both legs and his
right fist, but even his severed left arm, he delivered combo after
combo without a break. At some point, half-screamed shouts
began to tumble from his mouth. “You…idiot! You stupid idiot!
Chiyu! Chiyu isn’t asking you to be number one in your grade or
the kendo champion or anything!”
In desperation, he used a leg kicked out in front as a step lad-

der to jump up high, grab Cyan Pile’s mask, and smash his own
silver-armored helmet into it with everything he had. Part of the
blue mask cracked loudly and caved in.
Cyan Pile lost his balance, falling back onto the floor, and
Haruyuki jumped on his chest to continue battering him with his
right fist. “Chiyu just wants you to be you! You’re the one making
her look back at the past, making her want to go back to when we
were kids, Takumu! The only one of us who’s changed is you!”
Mind blank, he simply screamed.
However, at the sound of Haruyuki’s voice, Cyan Pile’s eyes
shone from beneath the cracked slits with a light strong and cold
enough to send shivers down spines. “D…on’t…” He crossed his
thick arms abruptly as if to protect himself. “Don’t get so carried
awaaaaaaaay!!” He flung his arms out wide to reveal the sharp
tips of at least ten stakes that rose up with a grinding noise from
the chest to the stomach of his body suit.
What the—?! This is bad. Gotta dodge—
But the instant Haruyuki tried to kick down on the ground
with both legs and send himself flying backward: “Splash Stingerrrrrrr!”
Thk thk thk thk thk thk!! Sounding like a heavy machine gun,
the multitudinous stakes shot toward Haruyuki at point-blank
range.
“Gaaaah!!”
Haruyuki somehow managed to avoid the stakes flying
straight for his head and chest. But he then took serious hits to
his left shoulder, his left flank, and his right knee, which sent him
flying high in the air like a hunk of scrap, landing on his back
against the roof.
“Nngaah!!” The breath knocked out of him mixed with a cry

from deep in his throat. His vision flickered, and a sharp, intense
pain ran through his entire body. He couldn’t believe this was virtual damage from the Neurolinker.
What was that?!
Haruyuki braced his right arm and somehow managed to raise
his upper body to watch Cyan Pile sluggishly get up a step ahead
of him.
“Hnn…Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh!” Short bursts of laughter
leaked out from beneath the blue mask as if a screw had come
loose somewhere. “Heh-heh-heh-heh! You really…got a lot of energetic poking in there, huh? You surprised me a little. But in the
end, you’re just an annoying little bug. And you even went out of
your way to build up my special-attack gauge.”
“Special…attack…” Haruyuki muttered as he checked the
gauges at the top of his vision.
Cyan Pile’s thick health gauge stretching out on one side was
at 60 percent. He had taken more damage in Haruyuki’s rush
than he was letting on. But Haruyuki, having been caught directly
by the random stake shooting, only had about 30 percent health
left.
And below each of the health bars, a thin green gauge
stretched out. Cyan Pile’s was glowing brightly at around 70 percent. In contrast, Haruyuki’s was basically full.
“Now, now, don’t talk like it’s the first time you’ve heard the
words, Silver Crow.” Cackling, Cyan Pile started to advance
slowly. “The give-and-take of special attacks is the best part of
any Duel. That Splash Stinger before’s my level-two special attack. Perfect for knocking down annoying insects, huh? Oh, that
reminds me. Your gauge looks like it’s full up already. Go ahead,
come on. Use whatever you’d like.”

Haruyuki clenched his teeth grindingly. The special attack
given to Silver Crow was just Head Butt, which basically had no
reach at all and could definitely not stand up against Cyan Pile’s
long range. And the motion was long and very obvious, so using it
was basically like saying Shoot me while you were getting ready to
act.
Dammit. I don’t need a special attack or anything. I have my
fists and my feet. And speed. Once his shaky vision settled,
Haruyuki quickly rose and focused his strength in his right leg.
But.
He heard a repulsive breaking noise, like a snap. And then the
metallic sound of his own body collapsing to the ground again
with a crack. Hurriedly turning his eyes downward, he saw that
he had been pierced with one of the shotgun stakes, and his thin
silver leg, smashed from the knee—
“A-ha! A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!” Cyan Pile’s piercing, loud laughter. “I got it! Your leg!! You’re so brittle!! And you’re supposed to
be a metal color?!”
Haruyuki was oblivious to this sneering voice. Crap. Crap!! I
lost my leg, which means I can’t run anymore. Forget avoiding
him, forget running; I don’t think I can even move.
The sense of panic sneaking in chilled him to the depths of his
bones.
This is bad. I can’t, there’s no way I can lose here. I have to
protect her; I have to.
Crack.
The boot, stomping down uncomfortably close, smashed
Haruyuki’s severed leg as if it were glass.

The corners of the bluish-white eyes Haruyuki could see in the
distance turned up sharply. “So this is how it ends, Haru.” A faint
whisper of a voice. “You here, like this: it suits you. And you even
managed to get a lot of stuff off your chest back there, huh? Almost like you’re the only person who understands Chi?”
“I do, you know. At least better than you do, anyway.”
“Then what about me? Have you thought about me at all?
Have you ever thought about how I feel when I’m alone with Chi
and she gets this sad look on her face all of a sudden…and I know
it’s because she’s thinking about you? Huh, Haru?” He cut himself off and brought his face in close. Cyan Pile—Takumu—gave
voice to the decisive phrase. “It’s because you’re like this.”
There was almost a gentleness somewhere in his tone, but his
words dug a deep hole in Haruyuki’s chest, an enormous iron
stake.
“It’s because you’re like this that me and Chi and you are totally caught in this muddy swamp and can’t get out. Just disappear already, Haru. Set me and Chi free.”
Crack.
This step caught the bottom of Haruyuki’s foot on his good leg.
Cyan Pile, drawing himself up abruptly, raising the launcher in
his right arm high, drew a complicated trajectory with the tip in
the air. As he did, the launcher was wrapped to his shoulder in a
crisp blue light.
Suddenly, the launcher expanded to three times its size with a
thick noise. From within, something akin to an enormous hammer popped its head out, front face flattened. The striking surface
of the hammer turned sharply toward Haruyuki, who was unable
to think, much less move.

“Now. Shall we put an end to this, Haru? All of it.” This Duel
and the pretense of our friendship. Cyan Pile’s eyes communicated this message loud and clear.
The end of the hammer began to emit an intense light. “Spiral
Gravity Driver!”
Skrrrrk!
Haruyuki tried desperately to avoid the hammer as it struck
while still rotating, making a mechanical noise like countless
gears catching. However, Cyan Pile had a firm hold on the bottom
of his lone leg, and he couldn’t escape. The massive hunk of steel
came crushing down on Haruyuki’s chest, followed by a duet between the high-pitched shriek of his silver armor being pulverized
and the deep rumble of the floor beneath him being crushed.
Unable to even cry out, Haruyuki was beaten down a level
along with the rooftop below him, slamming into the floor below
in the hospital. But the hammer didn’t stop there, smashing
Haruyuki right through that floor as well.
Thump! Thud! Thump!!
The sound of destruction ringing in the air, Haruyuki plunged
through all five levels of the hospital and finally stopped moving
after becoming embedded in the ground floor.
Flash. Flash.
In the obscure darkness, something red was blinking in the
top left of his vision. It took Haruyuki a few seconds to realize
that it was his own health gauge reduced to just under 10 percent.
As if regretting the fact that it hadn’t beaten his gauge down
entirely, Cyan Pile’s hammer stayed wedged in Haruyuki’s chest
for a while but eventually rose up, grindingly, rotating in the opposite direction.

Once the hammer had been lifted causing debris to rain down,
all that was left in front of Haruyuki was a tiny hole leading up to
the distant roof. Through it, he heard Cyan Pile’s voice echoing
weakly.
“Aaah, you still have a little health left. Well, whatever. We
only have five or six minutes; it’ll be time up before I can come
find you and finish you off. And once I’m done here, I can get to
my real mission, the boss battle. So!” His tone of voice changed,
tinged with pride or perhaps fawning. “I hope you saw, all of you
watching! Especially all of you in the Blue Legion!! I can still be of
great use! I mean, I can definitely fight in the unlimited field
above this! You must be regretting tossing me aside just because I
used a few too many points? Right?!”
Taku…Takumu…You…
A broken doll at the bottom of a dark hole, Haruyuki felt hot
fluid running along his cheeks. His tears. But he didn’t quite
know what he was crying about. He was probably shedding these
tears for something that broke without him noticing it, something
important he had completely lost.
But he couldn’t afford to lose this Duel. He absolutely had to
win—for himself, for Takumu, for Chiyuri. And for Kuroyukihime. And yet…
Carrying the pain of his tremendous regret, Haruyuki pulled
himself up slowly. From all over his body, pieces of his cracked
armor fell like rain and scattered. There was no more point in
standing up anymore. He should just accept his decisive defeat
and go back to the him before he knew Brain Burst. Haruyuki
clutched his knees and decided to wait for the timer to reach zero.
Just before his eyes closed.
In the corner of a dim room.

She floated up like an illusion.
The bed was braided out of black wild roses. The slender figure
lay as if enclosed by the inky black petals of countless flowers in
full bloom.
A dress blacker than night. Silver edging. Parasol resting close
by. And the shiny black hair fanning out over shining skin whiter
than snow in the dim light. Her long eyelashes peacefully shut.
Am I hallucinating?
As he wondered this, Haruyuki approached the black rose bed
slowly, very slowly, dragging what was left of the right leg he had
lost. But no matter how close he got, Kuroyukihime’s avatar
showed no signs of disappearing.
Thrusting his right hand onto the edge of the bed as if to catch
himself before he fell, Haruyuki finally understood. This, this
place was the nanomachine room in the ER where the real
Kuroyukihime was being treated. And Kuroyukihime’s Neurolinker was connected to the hospital net. So the instant
Haruyuki initiated the accelerated fight, her automatic spectator
mode was activated, and she was also brought onto this stage.
“…Kuroyukihime,” Haruyuki murmured hoarsely, stretching
out his battered right arm to stroke her cheek softly. The words
came tumbling out, one after another, as if the dam had broken.
At the same time, more tears. “I—I couldn’t save you. I couldn’t
protect your dream, your hopes. I couldn’t live up to your expectations.”
The tears trickling from the cracks in his half-shattered helmet
fell in drops on Kuroyukihime’s cheek, caught the minimal light,
and shone before disappearing.
“I can change…That’s what I thought. With your words, your
kindness, your love, I could change…But I couldn’t. It’s not my

avatar’s fault…This avatar was probably created to reflect my ‘resignation.’ I’m the one who made him, who made Silver Crow like
this. Me, never trying to look up, eyes always on the ground, living my life on my hands and knees.” Haruyuki bent over slowly
and clung to Kuroyukihime’s shoulder. “I wanted to go there.
Where you were…High up in the sky, where you were lightly flapping your wings. High up…far away…escaping the swamp of the
real world…with you…”
With a sob, Haruyuki squeezed the last words out.
“I wanted to—fly.”
Thump.
Almost as if in response to his voice, he heard a faint sound.
Thump. Thump.
The source was Kuroyukihime’s chest against Haruyuki’s
cheek. A small, faint, but definite rhythm being carved out. Her
heartbeat.
Here in the accelerated world, there was no way he should
have been able to hear the sound of her heart beating in the real
world. But it couldn’t have been a hallucination. He strained his
ears and listened, and suddenly, Haruyuki understood.
This was the echo of Kuroyukihime’s will. Right now,
Kuroyukihime was fighting desperately. On the border between
life and death, she was fiercely fighting to hold her ground. Her
strong will became a heartbeat, echoing in the virtual battleground.
“Right,” Haruyuki murmured. At the same time, new tears
spilled out and trickled down warmly. In his ears, something
Kuroyukihime had once told him echoed faintly.

In the end, strength doesn’t mean winning.
It’s like I never knew the meaning of the word strong. And not
knowing, I was jealous, and I gave up.
“Strength isn’t just winning…”
Even if it was ugly. Even if it was funny. Even if you lost in the
end, fell to the ground, and ended up covered in mud.
After surviving the death match of the kings, Kuroyukihime—
Black Lotus had held her breath in a tiny net and stayed hidden
for two years. But it wasn’t because she was sneaky or cowardly.
It was because she hadn’t given up. It was because she refused to
hang her head in shame.
“Just fighting itself. Falling down and still looking up at the
sky…That’s the proof of strength. That’s right, isn’t it…Kuroyukihime.”
He got no answer.
But he felt a powerful heartbeat being born deep inside his
own chest. The pulsing of his heart became a signal to drive his
brain. And then his spirit, his will, and the nerve to face adversity,
all of it accelerated.
As long as this sound echoed in his chest…
“I’m still standing…I can still fight!” he screamed to himself
and to Kuroyukihime.
Gripping the edge of the bed with his right hand, he put his
strength into his left leg and stood up, staggering. Tiny shards
glittered as they fluttered down from all over his body. However,
the heat generated from within his chest reached to the tips of his
four battered limbs, and he shivered fiercely.
Suddenly.

Several rays of intense white light shot out from the cracks in
his armor.
At the same time, the armor on his back cracked wide open,
and he had the sensation of it being blown off. Haruyuki opened
his eyes wide and threw his head back.
On the wall not far in front of him hung a large mirror. It was
probably the two-way mirror leading to the monitoring room next
door in the real world. Now it was an enormous full-length mirror
edged in the same black cast-iron roses as the bed. Reflected in
its center were the rose bed, Kuroyukihime lying in it, and Silver
Crow standing there.
The armor all over his body was in a terrible state. His left arm
and his right leg were half torn off, and deep cracks radiated outward across his chest. The fractures also wrapped around to his
back, which was the source of the cracking sound. Each time a
tiny spark flew up, a piece of his smashed armor scattered.
Haruyuki stared dumbfounded as something white and shining started to very slowly spread out on each side of his back.
Thin, sharply triangular shards of metal. Swords?
The moment he had this thought, the two pieces of metal
stopped crawling out and expanded into semicircles with a cold,
clanging noise. Perhaps ten thin metal fins folded up on either
side were deployed, the tips of those initial sword-shaped protrusions as fulcrums.
This…this isn’t a weapon…
They’re wings.
Haruyuki stood dazed for less than a second.
Hot!

At the intense heat running through his body from the center
of his back, Haruyuki snapped to attention. Writhing in agony, he
retreated a few steps on his knees and drew his body in, cradling
his shoulders in his arms. More than the temperature, he felt as
though a ball of pure energy was sealed up in his back and was
whirling around like a vortex, seeking a way out.
I can’t. I can’t stand it anymore.
Arching his body back like a bow, Haruyuki turned to look
straight up.
There he saw the enormous hole he’d torn through the building only seconds earlier. A small yellow light alone up there in the
deep, black sky. A corridor leading to the distant heavens.
It was calling to him.

In an unconscious motion, Haruyuki raised his shattered left arm
high and pressed his uninjured right arm to his side. He felt the
raging energy at the tips of his shoulder blades increase in intensity suddenly and then contract.
Bringing his eyes back down for just a moment, he saw the figure of his beloved lying there.
He looked up again.
“Gooooooo!!” He thrust his right arm straight out with a cry.
Fwoomp!!
With a half crash, half explosion, a silver light ripped through
the darkness. Instantly, Haruyuki’s body shot up in a straight line
like an arrow released from its bow.
The air roared in his ears each time he passed a floor of the
hospital.
Piercing the dark path in mere seconds, his silver avatar flew
out through the large hole drilled through the roof and soared
higher, ever higher. The metal fins on his back shook at high
speed. The energy accelerated his small body with an overwhelming power, and he easily cut his ties to any virtual gravity.
Haruyuki pushed up, up, endlessly up.
Soon enough, a swirling black cloud drew near. The moment
his raised right fist came into contact with the thick lump, the
round cloud was shoved aside with a thud, shooting through the
black tunnel and ascending even farther. Haruyuki’s field of vision was filled with a blinding, pale yellow light.
After passing through the sea of clouds, Haruyuki spread out
his arms and legs and eased his acceleration. The high-pitched
shuddering noise dropped in pitch, and a soft sensation of float-

ing came over him, like being in a plane after takeoff.
Hovering gently, Haruyuki rolled over. “Aaah…,” he half
sighed. An unimaginable scene spread out below him. From the
breaks in the sea of clouds twisting as they flowed along, he could
make out the sharp colors of the enormous city sprawling endlessly. The building on the other side of the city subcenter of
Shinjuku transformed into twisted spires, and the deep wood beyond was probably the Imperial Palace, looking like a soaring,
magical castle.
In the opposite direction, the city extended off into the distance from Suginami to Mitaka and on into Hachioji, with the
Okutama Mountains beyond that. The steep mountain peak
piercing the sea of clouds and towering high above them was
probably Mount Fuji.
Finally, turning his gaze to the south, Haruyuki caught sight of
a gray, flat plane glittering. The sea. That’s Tokyo Bay. And, extending limitlessly, the Pacific Ocean.
Infinity.
“This world…it’s infinite…” Haruyuki gasped as he started to
descend ever so slowly.
Sinking into the clouds on his back, he slipped through to the
bottom and approached the earth’s surface. When he had
dropped to an altitude where he could once more see the details
of the city, he made the fins vibrate fiercely to hover again.
Directly below him as he straightened out was the roof of the
hospital, a mere thirty meters away. After seeing the immensity of
the Duel field, the roof looked small enough to pick up in both
hands. Standing stock-still on the edge of the large hole piercing
the center of the roof, a large blue figure looked up at him.
Cyan Pile stared up at Haruyuki for a full three seconds as if

his soul had been ripped out. He raised his left hand slightly and
said hoarsely, “H-Haru—”
But his words were erased abruptly in a sudden roar.
Voices. The members of the Gallery watching the Duel between Silver Crow and Cyan Pile encamped on the roofs of the
buildings surrounding the hospital shouted out all at once.
“He’s not…he’s not falling?! He’s perfectly still!!”
“It’s not a jump…He’s flying?! No way!!”
“He has the ability to fly…It’s finally showing up! Check out
those wings!! It’s a flying avatar!!”
Haruyuki didn’t understand why the members of the Gallery
were making such a huge fuss. As he stared down in mute amazement, some of the several dozen duel avatars were moving, aiming for ground higher, while others were running their fingers
along consoles.
“Isn’t there any info on him?! Who the hell is this guy?! His
Legion…Who’s his guardian?!”
“Wh-whatever! We need to contact the head office! You, drop
and tell them!!”
“You gotta be kidding! You think I’m gonna miss this?!”
Quelling the beehive-like commotion was an abrupt, fierce
scream.
“Aaaaaaaaaah!!” Cyan Pile howled, spreading out his arms and
legs. The vibrations of his scream ripped the atmosphere, reaching Haruyuki in the sky far above like an electric shock. “No! No
no no no no nooooooooo!!”
With a mechanical crack, the launcher in his right arm turned

toward Haruyuki. “You!! You!! On me!! You don’t look down on
meeeeeeee!!” A cry like vomiting blood.
At the same time, a jarring screech echoed through the air,
and the loaded stake sent out several rays of light. As he adopted
a posture with both legs spread out, hips dropped, and launcher
readied in his left hand, the remaining 40 percent of Cyan Pile’s
special-attack gauge dropped abruptly all at once.
In the sights of what was most likely Cyan Pile’s final attack,
Haruyuki, still hovering in one spot, raised his right hand lightly
and closed it tightly into a solid fist. He finally understood what
the special attack he had been given was.
Punch. And then Kick. While these were his normal attacks,
they were also his special super attacks.
He pulled his tight fist back and expanded all his fins as far as
they would go to change direction. Toward Cyan Pile, directly
below him.
“G-gooooooo! Lightning Twin Spikes!” As he screamed the
name of the attack, a steel needle, transformed into a beam of
light, shot forward from Cyan Pile’s right arm.
Faced with this, Haruyuki simply readied his fist and released
the propulsive power from both wings.
“Unh! Aaaaaaah!”
Silver Crow’s body became a bullet of light, a rocket engine igniting, and charged.
In the left corner of his vision, his green special-attack gauge
started to drop all at once. At the same time, the radiance of the
white light enveloping his right fist increased endlessly.
“Haruuuuuuuuu!” Takumu screamed.

“Taaaaaaaku!” Haruyuki cried.
Skreeeee!
A feeling of super acceleration, greater than the acceleration of
Brain Burst, rushed over Haruyuki from his back, enveloping
him.
The color of the world changed.
He saw Cyan Pile’s blue lance rushing up from the ground, the
glint of the tip. The line of fire he had anticipated rose up in his
vision like a phantom. The blow, like the lightning bolt of its
name, was far surpassed by the speed of Haruyuki’s spirit. The
power of one truly accelerated, who Kuroyukihime had found and
believed in.
I can see it…I can see it, Kuroyukihime!! Haruyuki cried in his
heart.
The lance slowed.
Before it, Silver Crow increased his speed limitlessly, as if his
very existence had become light itself.
At the moment the two approached and blended, Haruyuki
slid his charging trajectory slightly to the right.
Skrrrrk!
The lance scraped the left side of his helmet and passed by, releasing an intense shower of sparks.
Then…
Haruyuki’s punch penetrated deeply, ever deeper into the center of Cyan Pile’s chest. Carving out a gaping rut in the floor of the
roof with a shrieking roar, the two bodies became one and went
flying.

Crashing into and pulverizing the railing of iron lances, sending bits in every direction, Haruyuki sprang out into the sky.
“Aaaaah!!” he howled, flapping his metal fins.
A powerful, dynamic lift enveloped his body with a start. His
right arm still buried up to the shoulder in Cyan Pile, Haruyuki
turned upward and ascended ever higher. In a few seconds, he
had pierced the sea of clouds and sailed out into the yellow sky.
When he eased up on the acceleration and shifted to hovering,
Cyan Pile, who had apparently lost consciousness in the collision,
made a coughing sound from under the mask riding on
Haruyuki’s shoulder. “Keh…Hrk…” The enormous body twitched
and shuddered, and he gradually lifted his face.
An action that was immediately followed by a faint cry that
seemed almost unreal after the previous angry roars of deep resentment. “Wh-wha—?! I-I’m flying…?!” Mask shaking from side
to side, he shouted again. “Stop! Haru! D-don’t drop me!! If I fall
now, I’ll…I’ll lose!!”
Both of their health gauges were dyed red and had dropped so
that they were no more than a hair’s width. Cyan Pile stiffened as
if fearing he’d be dropped if he moved, and his tone changed to
one of supplication.
“I-if I lose…if I lose to you, and you’re level one, my points will
drop to zero! Y-you’ll be fine. I mean, you’ll only lose four or five
points! Please! Let me have this one, Haru! I can’t lose Brain
Burst now!!”
“Taku…Takumu…” Half groaning, half muttering the name,
Haruyuki firmly clenched his right fist, still piercing Cyan Pile.
Now? Now?! You tried to take all of Kuroyukihime’s points…
You tried to erase her Brain Burst, her only desire!
All he had to do was change the angle of his arm slightly, and

Cyan Pile’s enormous body would lose its support and go crashing into the ground far below. Takumu would lose forty points,
and Brain Burst would be forcefully uninstalled. And then…he
would never again be able to come after Kuroyukihime from outside the local net.
Haruyuki gritted his teeth hard enough to break them. His entire body shook, and a momentary impulse ran from head to foot
before disappearing. The voice he pushed out from between his
clenched teeth was so cracked, it didn’t even sound like his own.
“Do you concede, Taku?”
“Wh-what?”
“That you totally cannot beat me in this accelerated world. Do
you concede, Taku?!”
A moment’s silence.
The words returned through the body pressed against him
were quiet, deflated somehow. “…Yeah. I do…I guess I can’t beat
you, after all. Just like way back when we used to play all those
games together…”
Haruyuki inhaled deeply and exhaled. And then he said in the
same quiet voice, “Then…we’re equals.”
“Huh?! What…?!”
“In the real world, there’s not a single thing I can beat you at.
But in this world, you can’t beat me. We’re equals. So…so—” Cutting himself off and staring at the bluish-white eyes under Cyan
Pile’s mask, Haruyuki continued. “So you…be…be my ally, Taku.
My friend. Fight as her servant from now on, like me.”
Speechless, Takumu gasped sharply. After a while, a hoarse
moan slipped out from the thin slits. “…Idiot. You have to know
this, too, Haru. I know you do. Your guardian…Black Lotus…I’ve

been hunting her in secret from my own Legion. She’s the biggest
traitor in the accelerated world! I mean…to fight on her side…”
“You’re right, she is. She took down the Six Kings of Pure
Color. You can say it. It’s fine. And I’ll tell you something really
good…Look, that’s how games are supposed to be.”
Takumu reacted to the words Haruyuki uttered with a long silence.
His response a few seconds later was tinged somehow with a
masochistic laugh. “Haru, would you really trust me? Like, if I
said yeah right now, what reason would you have at this point to
trust what I say? After I broke my Legion’s rules, broke the rules
of Brain Burst, and even betrayed both of my friends?”
“We’re going to go and tell Chiyu everything.” The second
Haruyuki came back with this, Takumu gasped in shock again for
what seemed like the hundredth time.
“What?!”
“Brain Burst, us fighting, and…all the feelings you and I have
been hiding. We tell her everything.” Haruyuki turned his gaze off
into the infinite sky and continued slowly. “We probably have to
start there. The three of us have been hiding things we shouldn’t
have. We’ve been suspicious of stuff we didn’t have to be. Somewhere…we have to start over.”
“…Start over…You really think we can, Haru? I…Chi’s Neurolinker…” Takumu’s voice shook as he spoke, and Haruyuki
lightly patted his back with the stub of his left arm.
“She’ll probably be so mad, she’ll kill us. She’ll yell and get
mad…but she’ll forgive us in the end. That’s how she is,”
Haruyuki said with a smile as he started to slowly descend.
Having returned to the hospital roof and been released from Sil-

ver Crow’s right arm, Cyan Pile sank down to the ground with a
thud after a few staggering steps.
Haruyuki glanced up to check the remaining time. In a little
more than two minutes, the long fight would be over. Just in case,
he checked his gauge, but the remaining health was exactly the
same number for both of them. If they timed out like this, the result would be a draw, and no points would be transferred either
way.
Haruyuki looked over again at Cyan Pile, motionless, head
hanging between raised knees, and thought to himself, I…Did I
make a mistake? Should I have shown no mercy and dropped
Takumu into the ground back there to make completely sure he
couldn’t break his promise after this fight and come after
Kuroyukihime?
No. No, I can’t. Suspecting people, trusting people, it means
suspecting yourself, trusting yourself.
I trust the me who Kuroyukihime told she likes.
I trust the me who decided to believe Takumu.
That’s enough.
Immediately after he told himself this, the elevator doors
opened behind him, and a heavy metallic noise reverberated
through the air.
His whole body stiffened with a start, and in the instant before
he spun around, Haruyuki guessed who he would see before him
and was then certain of it.
It couldn’t possibly be a new enemy. Because the only people
who could attack and be attacked in this stage were Haruyuki and
Takumu. And it wouldn’t be an unfamiliar duel avatar. There was
no reason for an unconnected spectator to appear from within the

hospital.
However, the moment he actually confirmed his hunch with
his own eyes, Haruyuki stopped breathing, his chest was full of
something hot, and tears spilled out of both eyes.
A pure black, as if a distillation of the essence of darkness.
Edges gilded in a dazzling silver. The cold wind blowing past
made the long rolls of hair and the hem of the skirt flutter, and
the bells decorating the parasol rang softly.
“Kuro…yukihime…” His wrung-out voice trembled faintly like
a small child’s.
Watching Haruyuki dragging his shattered leg, taking one
step, then another, Kuroyukihime’s face twisted up and broke
into a grin at the same time.
“Kuroyukihime!!” Finally able to cry out in a proper voice,
Haruyuki ran as fast as he could, making an irregular metallic
noise.
Kuroyukihime also ran toward him, high heels ringing out
sharply.
Both stretching arms out straight ahead, neither showed the
slightest hesitation or timidity in leaping into the open arms of
the other.
Hugging her sweet, softly scented body with all his might,
Haruyuki cried, almost groaning, “You…you’re awake!! I’m so
glad…I knew it, I knew it. I knew you’d make it…I’m so glad…so
glad…”
Kuroyukihime, holding onto Haruyuki as if wrapping him up,
snuggled against his cheek silently for a moment. “In the darkness, no heaven, no earth…All I heard was your voice. I…You
saved me. And got hurt so badly…” The whispered voice that fi-

nally echoed in his ear was similarly wet.
Her right hand gently stroked Silver Crow’s broken body.
“You’re shattered…Thank you. Thank you, Haruyuki.”
“No…you’re the one who saved me. Because you told me…to
believe in myself, so…I could fly.”
Nodding silently several times, Kuroyukihime stretched a
hand out to trace the edge of a thin wing extending from
Haruyuki’s back. “They’re beautiful…This is your power, the potential hiding in Silver Crow. Until now…there’s never been a
duel avatar realizing the ability of pure flight. I knew my prediction wasn’t mistaken. You really are the one who’s going to
change this world.”
Kuroyukihime gently brought Silver Crow’s small body down
to the ground with both hands. Tilting her head to the side and
smiling, she looked down at him, and the ephemeral silhouette of
the fairy princess spoke in a slightly forceful tone. “It seems the
time has come…the time when I must also emerge from my safe
cocoon and aim for the sky again.”
She glanced behind her. Cyan Pile, seated a ways off, head still
hanging, had raised his eyes only slightly to watch the two of
them.
“You as well…I’ve wronged you, eh, Cyan Pile?” The words
Kuroyukihime uttered were unexpected. “On more than one occasion, I sullied Duels with you, Duels that should have been full of
honor. Shall I show you now? My true form. And if you wish it, I
will engage you with all my might.” She raised her right hand to
quickly move her virtual cursor.
Suddenly, the fairy princess avatar was shrouded in repeated
surges of black lightning.
Her silhouette, engulfed in a bluish-purple light before

Haruyuki, who hurried to take a few steps back, began to change
shape slowly, bit by bit. The skirt that reached nearly to the floor
shortened all at once and split into sharp notches. Hands and feet
snapped out into perfectly straight lines, tips converged into needles. The long hair dissolved and disappeared in the light, and in
its place, a mask appeared in the shape of a bird of prey, wings
stretching out to the back. Finally, one last, terrible bolt of lightning struck, and all the effects disappeared.
Standing before them was a beautiful—extraordinarily beautiful, as if carved out of a black crystal—duel avatar.
Her overall form resembled Silver Crow somehow. But she
was much taller, more than 170 centimeters. Her body, encased
in flowing, seemingly transparent black armor with a straight line
at its core, was slender like a doll’s and connected to an armor
skirt resembling a black lotus around her hips.
More than anything else, the limbs were her main feature.
Both arms and both legs were long, sharp swords, enough to send
a chill up the spine. The bright, glittering edges that looked as
though they could immediately bisect anything touching them
rang out crisply in the slight wind of the stage. The front surface
of the angular head, with a V reaching out behind it, was a pair of
goggles like an inky black mirror. Inside, two bluish-purple eyes
shone with a humming, vibrating sound.
Haruyuki just stood there for a moment as if the wind had
been knocked out of him. Farther off, he sensed Cyan Pile, similarly speechless. Both were overwhelmed at the almost violent
beauty of this figure and the boundless potential seeming to radiate from the slender, pitch-black body.
Haruyuki was convinced that if he found himself in a Duel
with her, he wouldn’t have to wait more than a second before he
was sliced into thin pieces and eliminated. Finally, he pushed a
voice somehow resembling a sigh from his chest. “You’re beautiful…so beautiful…Before, you said you were ugly, but…you’re not

at all…”
“Mm. I wonder…” Only the voice was the original Kuroyukihime’s. “I don’t even have any hands to hold someone else’s—”
She didn’t get to finish.
Cries of surprise filled the air all at once at an incredible volume from the surrounding buildings.
“Whoooaaa! Oooooh?!”
“That’s…That duel avatar…!”
“Black Lotus!! The Black King!! She’s alive!!”
The shouts from the Gallery were clearly several times louder
than at the appearance of the flying Silver Crow.
Kuroyukihime glanced around and shrugged lightly before
saying, “Well then…Silver Crow. Perhaps you could fly away with
me?”
“Huh? Uh, sure.”
No matter how great her potential, she didn’t actually weigh
any more than Cyan Pile. But however willing he was to fly off
with her, there was still the question of how.
In front of Haruyuki in his confusion, Kuroyukihime hovered
with a faint vibration noise and turned to her right casually before raising both arms and dropping her hips. Almost as if she
was urging him to pick her up and carry her across an unknown
threshold.
Although he wondered at this, he could definitely not run
away here, not at this point. Sweat dripped across the surface of
his silver helmet—or rather, he had that illusion as he awkwardly
stuck out both arms and fastened them around Kuroyukihime’s
waist.

“Please and thank you,” she said, sounding somehow excited,
before leaning back into his arms with a slight thump.
As Takumu, seated, gave them a slightly teasing look that he
could well have been imagining, Haruyuki readied himself and
lifted the black crystal avatar. Fortunately, she turned out not to
be so heavy, and he made the fins on his back vibrate fiercely before kicking off with one foot. Accelerating moderately, he aimed
for the sky.
Against his chest, Kuroyukihime craned her neck to look out at
the city below them and cried out in a subdued voice, “This is…
amazing! I could get addicted to this…The next time we direct
and have a Duel, I want to spend the whole thirty minutes flying…Oh, here’s good.”
“Okay.” Nodding, Haruyuki switched to hovering.
They weren’t so high up. Below them, they could clearly make
out the countless duel avatars looking up at them from the roofs
of the buildings, still yelling and shouting.
Kuroyukihime drew in a deep breath and shouted in a crisp
voice that seemed to reach all the way to the distant horizon.
“Hear me!!”
In an instant, the entire stage fell into silence.
“Hear me! You Burst Linkers before me, Legions of the Six
Kings! My name is Black Lotus! I am the one who fought against
the rule of the usurper kings!”
The twisting black clouds grew shorter and even the blowing
wind held its breath. The only thing still moving in his field of
view was the timer with ten seconds left on the clock. In the quiet,
the ringing proclamation echoed endlessly.
“I and my Legion Nega Nebulus come forth from behind the

veil of obscurity to destroy this false peace! Take out your swords!
Call up your flames! The time to fight…has come!!”

9
Indian summer.
What month is that again? Haruyuki wondered as he walked
along the road to the now–completely familiar hospital. The
rhythm the soles of his shoes tapped out on the paving stones increased unconsciously. If I keep speeding up, I’ll be covered in
sweat by the time I get there, he thought, but even so, he couldn’t
hold back.
Today was the day Kuroyukihime would finally be moved from
the ICU to a general ward.
Since visits were naturally not permitted in the ICU, it had in
fact been three weeks since they’d actually seen each other faceto-face. So he really couldn’t help it if he was a little lighter on his
feet today.
The instant classes were over, he’d dashed out of school, so the
sun was still high, and the light, warm for October, beat down on
his back. At the school gates, the newspaper club shock troops
who had somehow managed to get wind of the news were standing waiting, but he’d activated his now-rusty run-and-escape skill
and had managed to break away beyond the reach of the local net.
The fact that he was so lighthearted was also partly because yesterday, Sunday, he had hung out with his oldest friends for the
first time in a very long time.
Except for when they went up the new Tokyo Tower and
Haruyuki accidentally connected to the sightseeing guide net and
ended up getting challenged to a Duel (with the super-high-alti-

tude local advantage, he just barely won), it was a very problemfree, fun day off.
The day of the fight three weeks earlier, Haruyuki and Takumu
had gone together to Chiyuri’s house and confessed everything in
Chiyuri’s bedroom, all of it: the reason Takumu told Chiyuri he
liked her two years before, why Takumu had been gradually
pressed against a wall since then, and why now, all of a sudden,
Haruyuki and Takumu had pitted themselves against each other
in battle.
Chiyuri had a hard time believing that Brain Burst actually existed. They finally managed to get her to accept it after they accelerated and took care of all the homework Chiyuri had been given
that day in one-point-eight seconds, but the biggest hurdle was
still ahead.
When Takumu told Chiyuri about the back-door virus he got
from his guardian, the Blue Burst Linker who served as his kendo
team captain, that he had used to infect her, Chiyuri exploded
many times more fiercely than Haruyuki had predicted, chasing
them both out of her apartment, screaming all the while that she
hated them and they were through forever.
The following week, Chiyuri wouldn’t talk to them, but over
time, she made allowances in her own way for Takumu’s feelings,
and she forgave them—almost like she wondered if she was part
of the reason Takumu felt forced to that extreme—on the condition that they treat her to all the finest parfaits she could eat.
The truth of the matter was that Chiyuri and Takumu were
still somehow awkward together, even now. But Haruyuki believed that time would fix that, too.
Because it had taken ten years, but Haruyuki and Takumu finally had the relationship Chiyuri wanted. They really were best
friends.

In fact, they were probably more than that.
Silver Crow and Cyan Pile were now a tag team fighting side by
side in Kuroyukihime’s Legion.
Smiling and saying hello to the female nurse whose face he had at
this point memorized, Haruyuki signed into the hospital net and
set his sights on the hospital’s top floor at the limits of permissible speed. He got out of the elevator he had used in the Duel and
arrived at the navigation line leading to the room number he had
sent by mail.
In the middle of the bouquet of pink baby’s breath and the
tropical water lilies in his right hand was a bud that was as close
to black as possible. Since it was out of season, it had cost more
than he had expected, and he had ended up spending what little
money he’d been saving up for a new game on it, but he had
somehow lost the desire to buy new games anyway. No game in
the world could possibly be as stimulating as Brain Burst.
After he had taken just a few steps, the navigation line
abruptly disappeared from sight. In front of him was the sliding
door of a private room in the southeast corner of the top floor.
“Ummmm.” Haruyuki swallowed with a gulp and rehearsed in
his mind what he should say. Congratulations…That’s good,
right? No, wait, it’s not like she’s been discharged from the hospital yet. Maybe that’s kinda weird. Good job…That’s obviously
wrong. It’s been a while…Something like that? But we see each
other every day on the net. Um, aah, I don’t know.
Shmp.
The door in front of him abruptly slid open, and Haruyuki,
flustered, jumped back.
As he did, a scolding voice came from inside. “Look, you. Just
how long do you intend to make me wait? Hurry up and get in

here!”
“Uh, okay!” he cried in a pitiable voice, and, pulling his shoulders in as far as they would go, Haruyuki took an exaggerated
step over the threshold. Once he heard the door close behind him,
he timidly raised his face.
In that instant, the large room, the scene outside the window,
even the large bed disappeared from view. Haruyuki’s eyes took
in only this girl he hadn’t seen in three weeks, wearing a black
cardigan over cute pink pajamas.
She was a little thinner, maybe. Her skin, already pale, had
lost even more color so that it was almost translucent. The normally free-flowing, silky hair was tied up tightly in braids, and her
right leg was completely covered in a large cast.
But…
Those eyes. Those large, pitch-black eyes alone shone exactly
as they always had, as if they had stars locked up inside them,
welcoming Haruyuki.
Kuroyukihime smiled like a flower opening up and said in a
slightly hoarse voice, “Hey…it’s been a while, Haruyuki.”
“Uh…uh-huh.”
All the lines he had thought up flew out of his head, and
Haruyuki simply nodded sharply, blinking several times.
After they had stared at each other like this for nearly ten seconds, Haruyuki finally returned to his senses and took a few steps
forward to offer up the modest bouquet. “Uh…um, here. It’s
small, but…”
“Thanks.” Kuroyukihime grinned, taking them from him. She
brought them to her face and inhaled their scent. “Black lotus,
hm? I look forward to it blooming. There’s a vase over there.

Could you put them in water for me?”
“Okay!”
Haruyuki took the small vase from the sideboard, filled it with
water in the sink in a corner of the room, put the flowers in it, and
returned.
Once again, silence.
It was Kuroyukihime who untangled their eyes glancing past
each other. The expression on her face became suddenly severe
and, clearing her throat lightly, she said in an increasingly hard
tone, “Now then…shall I hear you report on that matter? Sit in
the chair there.”
“Oh…O-okay.”
Right, this is no time to be giddy. Feeling a tinge of sadness at
the thought, Haruyuki gently lowered his body into the guest
chair.
Flicking around on his virtual desktop, he slid the report he
had put together over to Kuroyukihime. “Ummm…so, for the
back-door program that Taku’s guardian had several of his subordinates test in absolute secrecy, a patch for the matching server
came out last week, and it’s completely unusable now. This
guardian was ‘executed’ within the Blue Legion. I mean, it looks
like he had all of his points taken away from him. But he still
didn’t spill the beans about who the program’s creator was.”
“Hm, I see.” Kuroyukihime exhaled shortly and rested her
head on intertwined fingers. “Most likely, a yellow, expert at exploiting weaknesses, was the originator. Especially given that
whoever it was had it tested out on the top brass of an enemy Legion. Well, one of these days, I’ll yank that black curtain up.”
Muttering this dangerous line as she moved the tips of the fingers
of her right hand like a sword, Kuroyukihime recomposed her ex-

pression and looked at Haruyuki. “So how is it? My Legion.”
“Right…well, I have to say it’s bit by bit, but we’re slowly getting control of Suginami Area numbers three and four.”
“Ha-ha-ha!” Kuroyukihime’s shoulders shook lightly as she
laughed. “A modest territory. But it’s wonderful. Just right for a
Legion made up of three people.”
The Black Legion, Nega Nebulus, was once an enormous
group, ranked alongside the Legions of the six kings, but with the
events two years earlier, it had apparently gone the way of dissolution and disappearance. Her spectacular proclamation of the
Legion’s return was fine as far as it went, but as of now, the only
three members were Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki, and Takumu. And
Black Lotus, as the world’s most powerful traitor, wouldn’t be
able to appear in any Duels for the time being. They had their
hands full just protecting the field around Umesato Junior High.
As if reading Haruyuki’s mind, Kuroyukihime said, smiling,
“Don’t be so down. There’s no need to hurry. We’ll gain companions gradually and slowly expand our area.”
“R-right.” Haruyuki nodded.
When he went to wipe away the slight sweat beading on his
face because of this first real-life meeting in some time, he stuck
his hand in the pocket of his uniform, where his fingers struck
something other than his handkerchief. He pulled the completely
forgotten item out. The student agenda with the blue cover that
had never been used for its original purpose. Kuroyukihime’s.
“Oh…right. I was hanging on to this for you. Here.” Not thinking too hard about what he said, he offered her the agenda.
Seeing it, Kuroyukihime blinked with surprise and opened her
mouth slightly before her cheeks suddenly flushed bloodred.
Snatching the agenda away from him, she pressed it to her chest

and turned her face downward. “Did you look inside?” A question
uttered in a voice that was almost disappearing.
Haruyuki finally grasped the reason for Kuroyukihime’s reaction. “Oh! No! Yes! No, uh, well…I—I did…”
Silence.
Abruptly, a short phrase cut through the extremely dense,
frozen air. “Forget it.”
“…Huh?”
“Erase it from your memory and never speak of it again. And if
you mention this in the future, you’ll learn exactly what someone
with level-nine special attacks can do.”
Eeaah?!
Swallowing this cry, Haruyuki shook his head vehemently. “I
won’t say anything! I won’t remember it! Oh, I’ve forgotten, I’ve
already completely forgotten it!”
She glared sideways at Haruyuki dripping with sweat, standing at attention, and a chastising smile rose up on her face. “Honestly. Even though the name Silver Crow is known across the accelerated world at this point, you’re still the same old you, aren’t
you, Haruyuki?”
Slightly releasing the tension in his shoulders, Haruyuki returned, “A- and this scary part of you hasn’t changed at all, either…Black Lotus.”

“Well, that’s unexpected. I’m always so kind…Anyway,
Haruyuki.” She cleared her throat with a cough and sat up
straight again before continuing with a gentle smile, “Maybe it’s
time for you to get it together and just call me by my name, instead of my nickname.”
“Oh!…R-right.” Nodding sharply, Haruyuki realized with a
start a single preposterous fact. “Uh…um.”
“Hm?”
“I…I…Your real name…I don’t…know it…”
Snap.
The world froze again almost like when he was accelerated—
no, harder and thicker than that.
But Kuroyukihime’s laughter mixed with a sigh melted it soon
enough. “You…I thought you looked in my agenda?”
“Oh! I…I just glanced in it once, at the start…”
“Ha-ha. Of course. That’s very you, Haruyuki. Well then, let’s
introduce ourselves anew, shall we? That said, it’s not that different from my nickname.”
A gentle breeze blew in through the slightly open window, gently diffusing the scent of the black lotus. Stretching her thin body
up straight, she clasped both hands in front of her chest.
The beautiful older student and rebel Black King said in a clear
voice, “My name is…”
END

AFTERWORD
I’m not sure when it started exactly, but whenever I’m faced with
something, I always end up preparing for disappointment and
discouragement.
Always expecting and preparing for the worst is not such a
great thing as all that. The only thing is that if you give up right
from the start, you at least can get away with using less energy
when you do really end up failing.
When I started writing this story in October 2007, I was pretty
sure I wasn’t actually going to finish it or anything. And when I
did finish it, I was convinced I wouldn’t get all the deletions and
revisions done to meet the guidelines of the Dengeki Prize. I continued to tell myself, as a matter of course, even after I sent my
submission in, that there was no way I was going to make it
through all the stages of judging.
Thus, on the occasion of winning the prize and being published, I was obviously not prepared to do things like write an afterword like this, and as of this moment, I am still at a total loss. I
want to write something rich with brilliant insight and style,
along with a wafting of sad pathos in the midst of vital humor,
but since not one of these things is popping into my head, I’ll simply write down what I’m feeling at this point in time.
For me, it’s already a miracle that I managed to write this
story.
Because as I write this afterword for the pocket book edition,
an extension of the writing of the story, I can’t even guess at how
minuscule the likelihood that it would have become a reality.

Haruyuki, the protagonist of Accel World, is also someone
who tries not to hope for too much. But where he is decisively different from me is that Haruyuki will squeeze out every last drop
of energy he has to keep running away. He’s incredibly dedicated
to his pessimism.
This is just my thinking, but whatever trajectory it might take,
as long as you at least have the energy, something is bound to
happen at some point. Haruyuki’s dedication can’t be beat, but if
there is a reason I won this prize other than miracles and luck, I
think it might be the meager energy I stored up being pessimistic.
For my rough manuscript submission to become a proper book
like this, I was honored to have the invaluable assistance of so
many people.
Minoru Kawakami, not only for taking time out of his busy
schedule to write the commentary, but also for his many suggestions for important parts of the action scenes. The Accel World:
Kawakami Edition he wrote for this book is one of my most cherished treasures.
Hima, who drew so wonderfully my protagonist whose visualization I had expected to be fraught with difficulty. The other
characters, too, are so vibrant that I almost think that this is how
they always were; my own image of them has changed.
My supervising editor, Kazuma Miki, who always gave me
guidance with such patience and careful kindness when I definitely could not be said to be obedient, despite the fact that I was
a newbie who didn’t know left from right. If I can always have this
fountain of editorial power with me, I will continue to tap away at
these keys with everything I’ve got.
And the many people who have been supporting me these last
seven years on the global net. It was precisely because of all of
your support that I am here now.

Finally, my greatest gratitude to you for reading this far.
Thank you so much.
November 28, 2008
Reki Kawahara

Well, hello there, ladies and gentlemen! My name is Kawakami;
I’m a second-year junior high school student with a duel avatar
called “White Turnip.” I have an old-looking face, and there are
times when I seem to be more than thirty, and a little girl who sat
in front of me on the train uttered the terrible words, “Mama, it’s
a murderer,” but I am, in fact, a junior high student.
Like all of you, I’m also just another Burst Linker, but I’m not
anything close to a fight freak like you. Things like that, that’s the
realm of children—Eep, sorry. I said too much. Let’s see, to go
back to who I am; I’m a programmer working to create improvement mods for Burst Linking.
For the Brain Burst world, a programmer like me is only there
to provide elements of abundance or of bad health. But as long as
we don’t put together various types of the latter or as long as
these combinations don’t leak if they are put together, programmers are basically protected from every faction as contributors to
the Brain Burst world. Which is to say, we’re exempt from Duels
and protected from unfair Duels. And if we’re taken in by a faction, we get the burst points of those punished, so we level up
quickly.
I also work under the patronage of a certain faction, but I
make programs that are shared by all Burst Linkers. With the
programs I make, first of all, the faction I belong to buys it with
burst points, and then the faction’s Blocker sells it to people in
the Duel Gallery, in effect making the program a faction asset.
There’s competition and the commotion of changing teams for
programmers like myself, and life gets quite busy, even though
we essentially have an indoor job.
And now I’m making—you could almost call it my specialty at
this point—a forwarder to send information from meatspace to an
avatar in the Burst Link world. This forwarder will tell you what
meatspace you is sensing and feeling while you are in the Brain
Burst world, compressed a thousandfold.

…You say we don’t really need something like that? That
you’re sped up over a thousand times, so even if you don’t go back
and check on your body, it’s less than two seconds anyway?
I wonder. One: Let me first talk about something only the guys
will understand.
Okay?
It takes point-three seconds for your mother to open the door
behind you and come into your room.
Get it?
If you’re watching porn videos or in the middle of playing an
erotic game, and you end up wanting to Burst Link because that
stuff is just not getting you hard enough and you need more, and
this slight return time lag might leave a stain on the memory of
your boyhood years…When you think of it like that, the alarm to
warn you that your mother’s in the room (abbreviated to “mother
room”) in the forwarder I’m making becomes an essential item.
Oh, I don’t know about women. Hmm, that’s one unknown set
of unknowns to work out.
However, currently, we’ve moved past version seven, and we
only take burst points at updates, but I suppose this, too, is the
style of a long unbroken line of programmers. My grandfather
was an erotic-game programmer from the eight-bit era; he apparently fired a barrage of empty dialogue into the empty sky even as
he was dying. He really was a model man. Although it’s a mystery
as to how he ever got married.
And then the grandson of this remarkable man, me, also developed a taste for the X-rated games at the age of thirteen, and
now I spend my days in the real world earning small change by
unlocking the hardware on my friends’ Neurolinkers and making
them region free. Heh-heh-heh, you guys, the text in the erotic

games you all are playing now is a remake of the hot text my
grandpa came up with sixty years ago. But Grandpa had Beast attributes. Can’t fight your blood. Oh, but I do wonder what kind of
impressions he would’ve had if Grandpa had managed to live to
the present day and age. No, forget it. I mean, Grandpa was a 2-D
kind of guy, a world where polygons are useless. The one time I
brought it up, we got into a fight in the bath. You can’t push your
values on a kid. You gotta leave it to genetics.
In any case, I’m now testing version eight of the current program, and I seem to be plunging into some incredible areas as I
do. I’ve come to understand the Brain Burst system, and I’m finally able to not just raise an alarm with the information from
meatspace, but to forward the actual experience itself.
It may be stretched out a thousand times, but you can bring
your five senses from the real world over to this side. You probably think there’s no point in this. Because when you stretch out
sound or whatever a thousand times, it simply gets stretched out,
and that’s that.
But right now, the truth is, meatspace me is in the middle of
dinner. And I’m testing version eight.
Do you get what I mean?
Exactly. In my meatspace mouth right now is curry on a
spoon.
Right, you get it, don’t you?
My mouth is already closed, and the heat of the curry is
pressed up against the roof of my mouth; the soft grains of rice
are spilling over onto my tongue; the spicy sweetness slipping up
my nose is the very essence of the Vermont curry. Medium-spicy
for a junior high student…!
Because this is prolonged a thousand times, the heat of this

spoonful of curry and rice will continue to sit in my mouth and on
my teeth for thirty minutes. For the next thirty minutes, whatever
I do, whether I go for a walk, look up at the sky, look down, sit in
the Gallery, get in a Duel, go to sleep, the curry will be with me
the whole time!
How about that?
Even if you were to lose a Duel, if you had curry the whole
thirty minutes, don’t you think you’d be glad you leapt into this
Burst world?!
However…when you return to meatspace, you eat the rest!
That is the curry that is a thousand times plus one!
But! But it doesn’t stop there. Human beings have more darkness in them than that.
Yes. If you get the timing right in meatspace, you can make
every pleasure continue a thousand times longer in the Burst
world.
Whoa.
Get it? Taking things simply in the erotic direction is a junior
high–level reaction, isn’t it? Oh, I’m a junior high student, so I already did that. No, i-it’s a test, okay? A test! A test!! Well, I did
give a midterm exam to my erotic-game partner in my house, but
apparently, after crying out sharply in a strange voice for about
five minutes on the floor of the other world, there was some kind
of feedback in my flesh-and-blood body and meatspace me had a
heart attack and nearly died. On the Burst side, too, you are utterly defenseless faced with your male destiny because you are
completely impotent at fighting.
But that was a close one. I’d be in serious trouble if I died and
the parent who found me at the scene misunderstood. Father,
Mother, your son is not the kind of man who would die playing

older-sister-type erotic games. That is precisely because he is one
thousand times faster. If it was the blond, big-tit type, I’d probably die at five times.
Which is why that time the “winged one” that everyone’s talking about who somehow managed to start up a Duel with me was
apparently looking for me and loitering around outside, but he
would never even dream I was in my house, tossing my head
back, pounding away, happily crying out, “Eeeaaah! Kawakami
sweat’s comiiiiiiing!” throwing away my life and my caste. I don’t
want to think about it, either.
But the worst damage might be the problems of the life and future production plans for the prosperity of my descendants, but
that’s the forward on the visual side. My luck being bad, leaving
me staring at my face for thirty minutes in that instant, reflected
in the window, scarred psychologically, and it really is regrettable. The next time I do it, I’ll close the curtains, but I’ll also do it
when I’m fed up with everything and I die. It’s actually kind of a
tough thing.
But all you young men thinking you can’t use this program. If
that’s the case, please listen carefully. This thousand-times forward, there are other ways to use it than just for sex.
That’s right. Peeing.
The idea popped into my head the other day when I was standing there letting loose in the bathroom at school, and I went
ahead and Burst Linked, but to be honest, I couldn’t handle thirty
minutes of letting it go. Also, it would be amazing if you could use
your senses and make the opening like an anti-warship beam! It’s
like that thing, you know: how many pop bottles you can fill. Let’s
see, to put it into words, it was something like E-everything in
me is coming out…Unconsciously, I went pigeon-toed, and during the thirty minutes I spent shaking like a Burst coward, the
“staker” everyone’s been talking about lately was apparently running around the halls looking for me, but he would never dream

that my main battleground was the bathroom. I didn’t really want
to dream it, either.
In any case, you might think that version eight, with its greater
destructive power, would probably bring about a rapid reform in
the Brain Burst world, but that won’t happen, since those guys
who got wind of it early on kept complaining. I’ll look into it a little more, and let’s see, th-this is a test? A test, well, that’s what I’d
like to do, but those guys targeting the top brass of my faction
come along, trying to find fault, all You planning to sell to other
factions? Honestly, all of them, every single one, are perverted junior high students, which is seriously problematic. These guys
who Burst Link those times they find a porn magazine on the
roadside and pretend to pass by while looking them over a thousand times faster noodle around and feint each other out in the
Burst world—all I can think is You guys, okay. I feel sorry for
them, so I decide to pick it up in meatspace and flip through
every page at high speed to show these Bursted guys. I get a lot of
thank-you mails for these godlike actions, with my consciousness
in both worlds, but you know, you should do good deeds. Although when I folded the magazine up halfway through and took
it home, the number of Duel request appointments was greater
than four digits.
I’ve gotten a little off topic, but in any case, with this forward,
my boss is targeting me, and it’s super annoying.
Like the other day, just when I was shooting off a huge one in
my main battlefield, and I was testing the program with the thousandfold pleasure of getting it out into the world, that idiot comes
riding along—No, I can’t call my boss an idiot, but he’s an idiot.
However, this idiot—No, no, he’s my boss, so (omitted). In any
case, that time, I prolonged a thousand times the information on
“the sensation of the moment you stick your finger in your nose”
that I had previously saved, and forwarded that to his ass, earning a trip to the hospital, but there’s a limit to how many times I’ll
be able to pull through that. I’ve been thinking it’s getting to be
about time I left the faction and struck out on my own, and today,

I’m planning to go and take some temporary measures.
That’s why I’m going to sell this forward, and, well, I’m deciding where to sell it. At the very least, it probably wouldn’t be so
great to let it be used for things like drawing out the pain of torture a thousand times or something.
I mean, Burst Linkers get hurt or sick in meatspace, too. Even
if they can Burst Link in their hospital room, life in the hospital is
pretty boring. However, if you have this program, you can stretch
out the flavor of the snacks people bring you a thousand times. If
you’re limited to taste and smell, you don’t just get the taste, you
can also stop a flower or a moment in the season. Lately, there’s
also a faction of Burst Linkers who are taking care of hospital-related stuff and watching over people, so I have no doubt they’d
pay big money for this thing.
But I’m also a heartless man. Yeah, I’ll put this up for sale. As
for payment, right. It’ll be the price I feel like at the time, and you
get to shake in your boots about when I’ll come after you for some
enormous sum after you’ve gotten your pleasure.
Now then, once I’ve eaten dinner, I guess I’ll go and see those
guys who’ve gotten some kind of clue. Oh, but I have to go to the
bathroom first. It’s nothing strange, gentlemen. It’s the term-end
test.
So something like that, I guess. The truth is this short story is
something I sort of sent in after I accepted the job writing the
commentary and dashed it off once my ideas solidified while
chatting with Miki, the editor, immediately after I read the book.
However, we did agree that this would be used as a bit of help in
understanding the text; it really took it out of me, this job. Anyway, at the very least, all of you having finished reading the book
no doubt had the sense of looking at the world outside and feeling
that someone over there was fighting at a thousand times the
speed. I think it’s a novel that really has an appeal like a tool to
stimulate the imaginations of a wide variety of readers…Oh, I

didn’t mean stimulates like Kawakami sweat or anything like
that. On a larger scale, like (omitted).
On the next few pages are drawings of the characters and their
avatars like I see them in my head and miscellaneous impressions. The artist’s drawings are the official ones, so this is just me
playing around, and I’d just be happy if they were a stimulation
for you.

