Copyright
ACCEL WORLD, Volume 15
REKI KAWAHARA
Translation by Jocelyne Allen
Cover art by HIMA
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product
of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events,
locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
ACCEL WORLD Vol. 15
© REKI KAWAHARA 2013
First published in Japan in 2013 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.
English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo,
through Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.
English translation © 2018 by Yen Press, LLC
Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The
purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works
that enrich our culture.
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of
the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the
book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your
support of the author’s rights.
Yen On
1290 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10104
Visit us at yenpress.com
facebook.com/yenpress
twitter.com/yenpress
yenpress.tumblr.com

instagram.com/yenpress
First Yen On Edition: September 2018
Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.
The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.
The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the
publisher.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Names: Kawahara, Reki, author. | HIMA (Comic book artist) illustrator. | Beepee,
designer. | Allen, Jocelyne, 1974– translator.
Title: Accel World / Reki Kawahara ; illustrations, HIMA ; design, bee-pee ; translation
by Jocelyne Allen.
Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2014–
Identifiers: LCCN 2014025099 | ISBN 9780316376730 (v. 1 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316296366 (v. 2 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296373 (v. 3 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316296380 (v. 4 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316296397 (v. 5 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316296403 (v. 6 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316358194 (v. 7 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316317610 (v. 8 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316502702 (v. 9 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316466059 (v. 10 : pbk.) | ISBN 9780316466066 (v. 11 : pbk.) | ISBN
9780316466073 (v. 12 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975300067 (v. 13 : pbk.) | ISBN
9781975327231 (v. 14 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975327255 (v. 15 : pbk.)
Subjects: | CYAC: Science fiction. | Virtual reality—Fiction. | Fantasy.
Classification: LCC PZ7.K1755Kaw 2014 | DDC [Fic]—dc23
LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2014025099
ISBNs: 978-1-9753-2725-5 (paperback)
978-1-9753-2726-2 (ebook)
E3-20180817-JV-PC

Contents
Cover
Insert
Title Page
Copyright
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Afterword
Yen Newsletter

In that case, I’ll protect you.
If you get into a jam, I’ll come flying. Anytime.
Haruyuki had made this vow to Niko last night, when she’d suddenly
arrived with the intent to stay over.
“I’m counting on you,” she had replied with a smile. And then:
It’s fine. As long as you stay close, that’s enough. So don’t go changing on
me, ’kay? Even after you go up levels and get to be a high ranker, you just
stay the way you are. And…like, if someday I…
Had the Red King felt it then? Had she sensed the malicious presence that
would attack her in the near future? Was her “if someday I” supposed to be
followed by “disappear from the Accelerated World”?
Haruyuki couldn’t let her premonition become reality. He had made a
promise: No matter what happened, he would protect his cherished friend.
He would protect Niko.
Which was why he had to fly now. Beyond his limits—at the speed of
light.
“F…lyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!” Haruyuki cried.
As if in response to his will, the new wings stretching out from his back
grew bright with silver light, brilliantly illuminating the sky of the
Twilight stage.

1
There existed only one way to return to the real world of one’s own
volition from the Unlimited Neutral Field, aka the true Accelerated World:
jump into one of the leave points, known as portals, that sat inside large,
landmark-type buildings.
That was it.
Your health gauge could drop to zero and you could die, but you would
only be confined, in spirit form, to the area around your death marker until
you regenerated sixty minutes later. If you happened to die deep within the
territory of an Enemy so powerful a single blow from it would strike you
down, you could even get stuck repeating this cycle of death and
regeneration until your burst points ran out.
Strictly speaking, total point loss would actually allow a player to leave
the Field without the use of a portal. But in that case, the Brain Burst
program and all memories associated with the Accelerated World would
also be lost. And for the majority of Burst Linkers, if it was a choice
between the two, it was considered better to spend however many years
locked up in the Accelerated World.
Thus, when taking on the challenge of difficult missions in the
Unlimited Neutral Field, it was standard practice to make advance
preparations to automatically stop acceleration from the real-world side, a
so-called automatic disconnection safety. More specifically, this entailed
connecting to the global net with a hardwired Neurolinker connection—
and then setting up a predetermined forcible disconnect time.
When they started out on the Archangel Metatron attack mission with
the entirety of Nega Nebulus, together with Prominence’s Niko and Pard,
for a total of nine people, Kuroyukihime had set the safety to activate after
ten minutes. It seemed like a short time, but in the Accelerated World,
where time flowed a thousand times faster than in the real world, it was
equivalent to 166 hours and 40 minutes—approximately seven days. This

gave them a fair bit of leeway, and in fact, by the time they managed to
crush Metatron after an intense battle, they still had over six days until the
automatic disconnect.
But that leeway suddenly turned into a trap that came out of nowhere to
blindside them all. The fight with Metatron had no sooner ended than their
friend Niko—the Red King, Scarlet Rain—had been abducted by the vice
president of the Acceleration Research Society, Black Vise.
Wherever he was taking her, if the global connection in the real world
was cut, then in that instant, her duel avatar would vanish from the
Accelerated World and she could escape from danger for the time being.
But the safety wouldn’t be activated for another six days—a lifetime away.
Thus, Haruyuki had turned to his companions and shouted immediately
before flying off after Vise: Get out through the nearest portal and pull
Niko’s cable!
Tokyo Midtown Tower, the stage for the Metatron attack, was one of
the most famous landmarks in the twenty-three wards of Tokyo, so there
would have to have been a portal in there somewhere. Most likely, inside
the tower itself.
But the problem was that the portal wasn’t necessarily at the entrance
on the first floor of the building. In fact, the portal at Roppongi Hills,
Midtown Tower’s twin rising up over the landscape, was in the vicinity of
the fiftieth floor. If Midtown Tower’s was at a similar height, how many
minutes would it take to climb up to it? And Midtown was an important
base for the Acceleration Research Society, so it was also possible that
they had set any number of traps to keep anyone from actually reaching
their portal.
Which was why he couldn’t rely on a disconnection alone to save Niko.
He had to do whatever it took to follow Black Vise and get her back.
Because Niko was Haruyuki’s friend, and he had sworn to protect her.
“Faster…! Faaaaaasteeeerrrr!!” Haruyuki forced a scream from his
throat, seeking increasingly more speed even as he plunged through the air
faster than ever before.
On his back, a new pair of pure-white wings—the Metatron Wings—
sat above the ten metal fins that were Silver Crow’s original wings,
howling and whistling. Crowned with the name of an Archangel, the
Enhanced Armament gave him unprecedented power, causing the hands
that he held outstretched before him to compress the virtual atmosphere;
his fingertips burned bright red with supersonic friction. But Haruyuki, in

his hyper-accelerated consciousness, continued to pray for more—to go
even faster.
Black Vise had captured Niko after the Metatron mission, sinking into
the shadow of Midtown Tower to run off. Vise had the ability to move
anywhere within interconnected shadows and remain hidden, but
fortunately, the Twilight stage had few buildings. The shadows cut off at
an intersection about five hundred meters away from the tower in a straight
line, and Haruyuki had not missed the glimpse of the jet-black avatar
revealing himself in order to cross it.
That said, however, five hundred meters was more than double the
distance across the Tokyo Midtown complex. On top of that, it would take
Vise at most three seconds to cross the intersection and dive into the next
shadow. And once he fled into the shadow of the bridge off Expressway
No. 3 up ahead, Haruyuki wouldn’t be able to follow him any farther—that
bridge connected with the central ring road to the east and the Tomei
Expressway to the west, which meant, in practical terms, it spread without
limit.
Move five hundred meters in a mere three seconds.
To make that happen from a dead stop, he would need to achieve a
speed of twelve hundred kilometers per hour. The acceleration required
was about eleven G’s—a maneuver far beyond the limits of a duel avatar.
But he had to do it.
The maximum speed of his own flight ability was five hundred
kilometers per hour. A thousand when he activated his secondary Incarnate
technique Light Speed. And with the Enhanced Armament Metatron
Wings, eleven hundred…twelve hundred…
“Ah…Aaaaaah!!” Haruyuki howled in his spaghettified stretch of time.
The wall of air transformed into a highly viscous liquid pierced by
Silver Crow’s sharp fingertips. Concentric shock waves shattered the
buildings beneath him.
In the rapidly approaching intersection, Black Vise had finished
crossing the road and was once more turning himself into square panels.
The crimson armor of the petite avatar he held in both arms shone brightly
in the depths of the dusk. But her bright color was already being
swallowed up by the thin ebony panels.
Haruyuki glared at his enemy, about to sink into the shadows once
more, and mustered every ounce of strength he had left. He was probably
already flying at over twelve hundred kilometers per hour—beyond the

speed of sound, in other words. Deceleration was out of the question—a
normal landing was utterly impossible. His only option was to crash into
Black Vise at top speed. Haruyuki and Vise would be killed instantly in
the impact of the collision, and Niko, locked away inside Vise, would
likely share their fate. But this was much better than her being carried off
to some unknown location. While they were standing by to regenerate,
their friends would catch up to them, and he could apologize as much as
necessary once this whole mess with Niko was sorted out.
Silver Crow plunged toward the intersection, the steep angle of his
plummet to the earth whipping up a storm of rubble in his wake. Ten
meters until the inky panels slid into the ground…Five…
“Give back…”
Three meters. Two.
“…Nikooooooooooo!!”
One.
At the exact same instant that Vise’s entire body sank into the shadows,
Haruyuki’s hands touched that spot on the ground. An enormous
explosion, grand enough to shake the heavens themselves…did not
happen.
Plrmp! Instead, a strange sensation enveloped Haruyuki. All light
disappeared; all sound was cut off. Even the energy from his supersonic
dive—more than ample to create a massive crater in the earth—vanished
as though it had been sucked into some alternate dimension. He would still
have continued moving dozens of meters even if his wings had stopped—
for instance, if he had dived into water—and yet, all of his inertia had
apparently been canceled out.
It was almost like he had plunged into a bottomless bog of jet-black
ink. All that existed in his field of view was his health gauge, 50 percent
full. The vibrations that had made his avatar creak until a millisecond
earlier were also gone, and the input from his five senses dropped to zero.
—No.
A lateral force assaulted him. He was being pulled—no, he was
flowing. The densely concentrated darkness was moving like an
underground water current, carrying Haruyuki off somewhere.
“…Rain! Where are you?!”
Sensing that even his shout was promptly erased, Haruyuki desperately
reached out into the black. But the tips of his fingers brushed nothing. He
tried to flare the wings on his back to push against the current, but the

thick darkness wrapped around them and interfered. All he could do was
allow himself to be swept away in a current so black, he couldn’t see even
a centimeter in front of his face.
Light…Some kind of light source…
He mentally went through his inventory for anything that might
produce light before finally realizing he didn’t need an item for that. He
held his right hand up high and focused his mind.
Vween! The clear sound of vibration echoed through his avatar, and a
silver light—his Incarnate overlay—pushed the darkness back ever so
slightly.
He took a sharp breath the instant it popped up in his view: a
rectangular plate riding the current a few meters ahead of him. There was
no doubt; this was Black Vise. Which meant that this unlit space was
inside the shadows Vise used as his escape route. Perhaps because of his
timing when touching the ground or due to his speed, faster than sound,
Haruyuki had apparently followed Vise into the shadows.
“Stop! Let go of Rain!!” Haruyuki shouted in a voice that traveled
nowhere. He brandished his right hand with the light lodged in it.
“Laser—”
Before he could utter the “Lance” part of the technique name, Vise
suddenly rotated to the right. It wasn’t that he had sensed the attack from
behind and moved to avoid it, but rather the shadow corridor itself
appeared to turn at a sharp angle. And whether he liked it or not, Haruyuki
was also swallowed up in that current, knocking him off-balance.
The light in his right hand flickered, and although he tried earnestly to
maintain the image that powered it, he could do nothing while the force of
the ebony current toyed with him. He had no choice but to pull in his
limbs, fold up his wings, and give himself over to it. If he got separated
from Vise now, in the worst case, he could end up knocked out of the
shadow corridor.
Niko, hang in there just a little longer, Haruyuki called to her in his
mind, remembering all too well the agony of when he had been similarly
locked in Black Vise’s plates. I will save you. For sure…For sure!
He didn’t hear an answer. And there was no way his thoughts would
even reach her anyway. Still, Haruyuki kept his mind firmly focused on
Niko as he was carried along by the blackness.
Just when he was starting to wonder how many minutes it had to have
been since he flew in after Vise—he had lost even his sense of time inside

the shadow—the current finally began to ease up. Guessing exit was
imminent, Haruyuki stretched his folded limbs out and brought the
Incarnate light back to life in his right hand.
When he saw the silhouette of the rectangular solid pop up out of the
darkness once more, albeit a little farther away now, Haruyuki was both
relieved and anxious. Thankfully, he hadn’t lost sight of Vise, but once
this chase was over, a fight with the mysterious layered avatar was
inevitable.
Haruyuki’s previous encounters with Black Vise, the self-proclaimed
vice president of the Acceleration Research Society, had been limited to a
total of three occasions.
The first was the final battle with the Twilight Marauder, Dusk Taker.
Thanks to the deceleration ability made possible by a Brain Implant Chip
—aka a BIC—Vise easily ambushed him in the Unlimited Neutral Field,
where such a thing should have been very difficult, and locked Haruyuki
between two thin panels—an excruciating experience. If Kuroyukihime
hadn’t raced back to Tokyo from her school trip in Okinawa, Haruyuki
would very likely have ended up in total point loss, together with Takumu.
The second time was in the racing event set against the backdrop of the
orbital elevator Hermes’ Cord. Vise, hidden in the shadows of the race
shuttle, had withdrawn as soon as fellow Acceleration Research Society
member Rust Jigsaw threw the event into chaos, not giving Haruyuki and
his comrades a chance to counterattack.
And the third time had been ten days earlier, when Haruyuki had dived
into the Unlimited Neutral Field after he’d made the mistake of equipping
the Armor of Catastrophe. To fully awaken Haruyuki as the sixth Chrome
Disaster, Vise had taken the form of the Black King, Black Lotus, and
appeared before him on the roof of Roppongi Hills Tower. For a brief
instant, Haruyuki had been on the verge of falling under the Armor’s
control forever, but he’d just barely managed to pull himself back from the
brink at the last minute, finally retaliating against Vise in a joint Incarnate
attack with Kuroyukihime.
All of which was to say that the reason he’d been able to make it
through these battles with Black Vise was because he’d had help from
Kuroyukihime and the other members of his Legion. But in this fourth
encounter, Haruyuki would have to crush Vise on his own because he’d
charged off by himself and left his comrades behind. But he hadn’t had
any other options in the moment; if he’d waited for his friends, he

would’ve missed his chance to catch up with Vise.
Don’t be afraid. You just do what you have to do, Haruyuki told
himself, as he was on the verge of giving in to fear inside the black
channel, which appeared to be ending at last. I’ll fight to protect Niko no
matter who I’m up against—even if it’s one of the Kings of Pure Color. I
mean, I promised. I don’t deserve to be a Burst Linker if I chicken out and
run away now.
He clenched his hands tightly, and his faint fear evaporated. Almost as
if it had been waiting for exactly that, the shadow current finally stopped.
The rectangular solid slid upward just ahead of him, and Haruyuki
followed suit.
Once more, he passed through the disturbing plrmp sensation and shot
up above a cold horizon. The exit at his feet then disappeared without a
trace, and he landed on a hard floor. He quickly sent his gaze racing
around his environs to figure out exactly where he was.
He wasn’t outside, but rather in a fairly large room. The four walls,
ceiling, and floor were made of marble characteristic of the Twilight stage.
Two exits, before and behind him. There were no windows; the only light
came from a few lamps set high up on the walls.
The room was deserted, with nothing between Haruyuki and the
motionless black rectangular solid about ten meters away from him. Still
on one knee, Haruyuki pressed against the floor, but his fingertips were
pushed back by smooth stone. He had to assume that he’d been able to
enter the shadow corridor at the intersection near Midtown because he’d
hitched a ride with the activation of Vise’s ability.
The rectangular solid that was the transformed Vise suddenly split into
two panels down the center. Those spun around, the pieces fissuring again
and again until the ultrathin panels once more took on the human shape of
the layered avatar.
Vise stood with his back to Haruyuki, a small F-type avatar in his arms.
She was still unconscious, with her limbs hanging limply and no light in
her eye lenses. Her crimson armor was cracked in places, no doubt damage
from being forcibly closed in Vise’s panels. Tiny fragments peeled off and
fell to the floor as though she were bleeding.
The instant he set eyes on the battered Niko, Haruyuki’s heart caught
fire. Spurred on by the white-hot flames, he stood and shouted his enemy’s
name. His voice bounced off the four walls and echoed deeply.
Black Vise—perhaps having noticed Haruyuki’s presence, or perhaps

not—turned soundlessly and cocked his head slightly to one side.
Although the collection of thin panels that was his head featured nothing
resembling eyes or a mouth, a magnetic gaze came from among the gaps in
the panels to caress Silver Crow’s metallic armor.
“Oh my, this is a surprise,” Black Vise said a second later in his low,
soft voice, somehow similar to a teacher’s. “What would you be doing in a
place like this, Crow?”
“I came after you, obviously!”
“Excuse me, that was a foolish question on my part. But I must know—
did you capture me from Midtown Tower the instant I used my latent
shadow that second time? You might be fast, but given the distance
involved, you shouldn’t have been able to catch up with me. How on earth
did you manage it?”
The utterly casual nature of the question very nearly sucked Haruyuki
in, but he kept himself from answering. The new wings folded up on his
back—the Metatron Wings—weren’t visible to Vise from where he was
standing. He needed to keep any cards he held close to his chest.
“I could say the same. How’d you manage to ambush us?” he asked
instead in a low, strained voice. “I mean, you alone is one thing, but Argon
Array shouldn’t have been able to withstand a long ambush. Or can she
decelerate, too?”
“If I answer that question, will you tell me your secret? Hmm? It would
be my pleasure to continue our little conversation, but unfortunately, that
is the one question I cannot answer. You’ll have to ask her yourself the
next time you see her.”
“I’ll do that,” Haruyuki declared with a threatening step forward, “right
after I take Rain back.”
Vise stepped back in turn and shrugged. “Mmm, so sorry, but I’m
afraid I can’t help you there.”
He glanced down at the crimson avatar in his arms.
“The second Red King is scheduled to kindly leave the Accelerated World
today.”
At first, the meaning in Black Vise’s sinisterly smooth voice went right
past Haruyuki. His mind went blank for an instant—and then was filled
with pure rage. This emotion, a powerfully flammable gas, caught fire with
a single small spark—or rather, exploded—and spurred Haruyuki toward

merciless battle.
“You. Bastard,” he said, pushing a hoarse voice from his throat and
feeling as though his armor itself was electrified. “There’s no way I’m
letting you do that. The one who’s leaving is you, Black Vise. I’ll make
sure you never get to play another of your dirty tricks!”
“Dirty tricks? How cruel. I’m doing the best that I can here, you know,
just as our president tells me to. I believe you act under the same principle,
do you not, Crow?”
“Don’t lump us together! The Black King would never make her
Legion fight while she went off and hid somewhere!”
At this very moment, Kuroyukihime and the other members of Nega
Nebulus were headed for the nearest portal to force Niko to burst out.
Kuroyukihime would lead her team to strike down any obstacle that might
appear, expending every effort to rescue their friend. She was nothing like
the unseen and unnamed leader of the Acceleration Research Society.
And it wasn’t as though Haruyuki blindly followed the orders of his
Legion master, either. He knew what Kuroyukihime ultimately wanted,
and it was precisely because he hoped to go down the same path that he
offered her his sword as a knight. More than anything, Haruyuki hadn’t
chased after Vise because Kuroyukihime had ordered him to; he’d done it
because he wanted to save his precious friend, Niko—and because he
believed that everyone in Nega Nebulus shared this feeling.
Just barely managing to control his explosive emotions, Haruyuki took
another step forward. Again, as if expecting this movement, the layered
avatar retreated to maintain the distance between them.
The urge to leap forward and rip Niko from his arms only grew, but if
Vise was trying to provoke Haruyuki, he wasn’t going to play along. The
more time he could buy there, the greater the probability that
Kuroyukihime and the others would succeed in forcing Niko to disconnect.
And unfortunately, he couldn’t say he had a good chance of winning in
hand-to-hand combat against Vise. Although the black avatar specialized
in capture and escape, he was still a high ranker at level eight when all was
said and done, and he was also presumed to be one of the oldest of the old
hands, the Originators.
While reason and emotion battled inside Haruyuki, Vise laughed lazily,
probably guessing at least some of the inner turmoil playing out before
him. “Ha-ha-ha! Now that you mention it, that’s true. I haven’t seen the
president for some time, either. But that doesn’t mean they’re simply

thumb twiddling or some such. After all, it was the president who tamed
that Legend-class Enemy you fought before.”
Haruyuki felt the Enhanced Armament on his back shudder sharply. He
took a deep breath and once more suppressed the urge to spread those
wings and charge. “But in the end, all that did was force us to fight
Metatron. Sorry, but we smashed the tool your absent president used to
tame it. You won’t be able to make an Enemy protect your base anymore,”
he stated, remembering the silver crown that had dug into the head of the
Archangel, which had been guarding—forced to guard—Midtown Tower.
Black Vise cocked his head slightly to one side before laughing quietly.
“Heh-heh, I see. You still don’t understand, hmm? Crow, what you
smashed— Whoops, that’s all the time we have for conversation, I
believe.”
“What do I supposedly not understand?”
“You’ll know the answer soon enough. Yes, in about one second.”
“What are you—?”
It was when he moved toward Vise a third time:
He suddenly felt an icy chill on his back and instinctively leapt to the
right. A sharp steel-colored flash poured down from behind him and
smashed into the floor where he had been standing a mere instant earlier.
Staggering backward because of the blast and the wind pressure, Haruyuki
opened both eyes wide.
A single sword, so large as to be terrifying all on its own: one and a
half times as long as the Impulse, the greatsword carried by the Blue King,
and twice as wide. Naturally, the hand gripping the hilt was also large. The
arm and shoulder wrapped in steely armor were unusually tough, and the
head capped in a knight-style helmet was so high up, Haruyuki had to tilt
his head back to see it. The avatar was taller than even Avocado Avoider,
much less Cyan Pile.
“Name yourself!” Haruyuki challenged, leaping back even farther. An
attack in this situation meant it was probably a member of the Acceleration
Research Society, but since every Society Burst Linker he’d encountered
thus far had been without exception midsize or smaller, certainly a superlarge avatar like this couldn’t be on their register—
Wait. That’s not it.
Bwwn! Haruyuki moved back all the way to the wall to avoid the blade
as it sliced toward him horizontally—and finally noticed the silver crown
wrapped around the horned helmet. Although its size was different, the

design, with its countless, overlapping C-shaped hooks, was exactly the
same as the one that had been pressed into Metatron’s head.

“It’s not a duel avatar…” Haruyuki’s voice was hoarse. “This one’s a
tamed Enemy, too?”
“Exactly,” Black Vise readily assented, standing a little ways off. “And
its status is Beast level. I must beg off battling solo, you see.” As he spoke
in his drawl, Vise took one step back and then another. An entrance with
no door popped open in the wall behind him.
Haruyuki couldn’t let the man get away now, but the knight Enemy
was brandishing its blade once more, keeping him pinned in place.
“Rain! Wake up! Rain!!” Haruyuki shouted as he stared at the tip of the
massive sword, but Niko’s eye lenses remained devoid of light. Since it
was basically impossible to lose consciousness for long periods in the
Accelerated World because of physical or attribute damage, Vise had
probably pushed her into something like a Zero Fill state somehow, and
Haruyuki didn’t know how to break her out of it. “Rain!!”
As if Haruyuki’s desperate cry was a trigger, the knight moved. It
swung the massive sword in its right hand from top to bottom and then
from left to right. Sparks jetted up from where the blade crashed into the
floor, and the air it sliced through burned.
If Vise wasn’t lying when he said the knight was Beast class, then
Haruyuki, at level five, might very well die instantly if he took a single
blow from it. He didn’t know what would happen to Niko during the sixty
minutes until he regenerated, and if the knight was always in this room,
then Silver Crow might even end up in Unlimited EK.
Desperately dodging a series of blows, Haruyuki saw in the corner of
his eye that Vise had finally reached the exit.
“Now then, I will take my leave of you here. I pray for your success in
battle, Crow.”
Haruyuki made for Black Vise as the man melted into the darkness of
the doorway, but the Enemy moved, swinging its sword around, and
completely blocked the doorway with its massive body.
“Nngh!” Gritting his teeth, Haruyuki figured his only choice at this
point was sink or swim—to charge past the Enemy to escape the room. He
crouched down and was about to kick off the floor.
…No. Another voice murmured inside his head.
Precisely because he was in crisis mode, he relaxed, and his field of
view expanded. Himself, the enemy, the battlefield: A close look at all
these should tell him what he really needed to do.
Even the weakest Lesser was still far too difficult an Enemy for

Haruyuki to defeat on his own. And the knight standing in his way now
was equivalent to Beast class, far beyond even the Wild class. If he
charged it in desperation, it was all too possible that the Enemy would
catch him in a counterattack that killed him instantly. Still, fighting and
defeating it was far more difficult than trying to slip past it.
However, this particular knight Enemy had a glaringly obvious weak
point. This was, of course, the crown on its head. If the knight was tamed
by it the way Metatron had been, all he had to do was land even one blow
there to stop it from moving. While it was frozen, he could break free of
the room and go after Vise.
The problem with this strategy was that, although the knight was of
such massive bulk he needed to look up at it, the diameter of its head was
much smaller than the seven meters of Metatron’s. And necessarily, the
crown wrapped around that head was that much smaller as well—a mere
five centimeters wide. Haruyuki would have to pinpoint a hard blow in
that narrow range.
Since the knight was basically double the size of Silver Crow, a punch
or a kick from the ground had no chance of reaching the crown. The idea
of his long-distance Incarnate attack Laser Lance flickered to life in his
mind, but he soon rejected it. The lance required a deeper imagination than
Laser Sword and left him wide open pre- and post-activation. If, in the
worst case, his aim was off, he would no doubt be hit with a counterattack.
That said, it was still much riskier to try a direct physical attack on the
head like in the fight against Metatron than to slip between the Enemy’s
legs.
Haruyuki racked his brain, constantly in retreat to avoid the relentless
slicing of the sword. There had to be something, some other way…
Unexpectedly, the wings on his back—not Crow’s original silver
wings, but the white ones equipped above them—shivered once more.
Almost as if they were trying to tell him something.
You…can do something?
Haruyuki didn’t hear a voice in response to the question in his mind,
but he felt sure the Enhanced Armament Metatron Wings still had
unknown power to reveal. The heat coming through on his back was the
sign of the activation of an unknown ability. He deployed all four wings
and dropped into a ready position.
Perhaps in response to Haruyuki’s action, here, for the first time, the
armored knight let slip the characteristic, strange cry of the Enemies:

“Rrooah…”
Blue-black eyes shone behind the narrow slit cut into the helmet. The
Enemy gripped the massive sword with both hands and concentrated its
strength in its thick arms.
“Rroooaaaaaaah!!” Roaring from the throat, it yanked its weapon into
the air before swinging it, whistling, downward.
It took all of Haruyuki’s willpower to stand still and wait for the blow
coming with a speed out of sync with the massive body. If he dodged with
room to spare, as he had so far, he’d lose his chance to counter. He had to
evade the sword with maximum speed and minimum motion.
In his super-accelerated awareness, he stared at the lethal blade rushing
toward him and watched for an opportunity Riiiiiight…
“Now!!”
He took the Aerial Combo technique he’d spent so much time refining,
added the force from kicking off the ground to the instantaneous thrust of
his wings, and did a sliding dash a mere meter to the right. The massive
chunk of steel slid by, whistling in his ear, and slammed into the marble
floor, sending a galaxy of sparks shooting up to bounce crackling off
Crow’s armor.
Haruyuki ignored the harmless heat-and-light effect and yanked his
right arm back. He had absolutely no idea what kind of power the wings
Metatron had given him would offer in this situation. All that came to him
was a vague will, a voice telling him they could do something. But now
that he was in the thick of it, he could only trust that voice and attack.
“Aaaaah!!” Haruyuki thrust his right fist out. In response to this, his
upper right wing stretched up high. The thin wing, reminiscent of a sharp
sword, bent in the air ninety degrees.
Shak! The wing sliced through the air and plunged ahead like lightning.
The knight attempted to dodge by throwing its upper body back with
unexpected agility, but the wing, now transformed into a ray of light,
followed that movement, carving out a gentle arc to make a direct hit on
the side of its helmet.
A dazzling light erupted, coloring Haruyuki’s field of view white, but
he narrowed his eyes and watched as the silver crown, which was biting
into the helmet, was severed by the wing/ultrathin blade—and then fell
apart into pieces.
“One…blow?” he murmured hoarsely, marveling at the fearsome
power, despite that it had been his own attack. When he was fighting

Metatron, he had to hit the crown dozens of times before it was finally
destroyed. Given the huge difference in size, the two crowns likely also
differed in terms of strength. And the physical striking attack of his fists
was no doubt quite different from the slicing attack of the blade, but even
so, the wings exhibited a spectacular cutting power.
Awakening from his momentary shock, Haruyuki hurriedly jumped
back, but the knight remained frozen in an unnatural position. The rings
that had formed the silver crown peeled away from the helmet one after
another, fluttered to the floor, and vanished before the giant finally began
to move sluggishly.
Even if he had released it from a tame state, Haruyuki recognized as a
general principle that all Enemies were active against Burst Linkers.
Metatron was an exceptional exception to that rule, lending Haruyuki its
strength after judging that it “owed” him for releasing it from the tame
state, and there was a strong possibility that the knight Enemy would
attack him again. Haruyuki decided he needed to leave before that
happened and go after Black Vise. He slipped by one side of the still-hazy
Enemy, cut across the large floor, and flew into the exit Vise had passed
through.
That turned into a long hallway stretching out to either side. There were
no windows out there, either, just orange light flickering from a few lamps.
Not more than a minute had passed since Vise had gotten away, but the
hallway was empty as far as he could see.
“Nngh.” Haruyuki gritted his teeth. He had to get Niko back as soon as
possible, but there were no clues to help him decide if he should go right
or left. As he stood there in frustration, the Enemy behind him started to
move.
Right or left— No, wait.
“Up!” Haruyuki cried out to himself, turning his eyes toward the high
ceiling. He might be able to find Vise if he was in the sky, and he could
also check where exactly he was in the Unlimited Neutral Field. Naturally,
there was no window or chimney in the ceiling, but he figured he could
probably smash through a few floors of a brittle Twilight-stage building.
Spreading all four wings, he dropped his hips and prepared to take off
at maximum velocity.
Rrrrrrring! He heard the light chime of a bell, and the top pair of wings
—the Enhanced Armament Metatron Wings—turned into particles of light
and disappeared. Losing his balance, Haruyuki fell backward onto his

bottom.
“Wha—?” he cried out in surprise, looking back over one shoulder and
then the other. But all he could see were Crow’s original silver wings. The
string of characters METATRON WINGS, displayed in tiny font directly
below his health gauge to indicate he had an Enhanced Armament
equipped, melted away from the right into tiny pixels and vanished.
“W-wait!” Haruyuki called out desperately, looking at the snowy-white
particles dancing up into the air. “He’s still got Niko! Just a little longer…
Help me for just a little longer!”
But of course, he would get no reply.
Except he did.
“Calm yourself, little bird.”
“…Huh?”
“I am still here.”
With these words echoing in his mind, Haruyuki saw the particles
floating in the air concentrate into a point. The small white ball instantly
transformed into a more complex shape: a sharply tapered spindle facing
downward with a thin ring floating above it.
Streamlined wings stretched out from both sides of the spindle. The
whole thing shone with a white light and looked like one of the AR icons
his Neurolinker displayed in his field of view. From the top of the ring to
the bottom tip of the spindle, it was a mere fifteen centimeters long.
“Wh-what is this?” he muttered, peering at the mysterious icon.
“Not ‘this.’” He heard the intimidating voice once more. “Call me
Lord Metatron.”
“Lord…Meta. Tron? So then— Wh-whaaaat?!” he shouted without
thinking, hurriedly clamping his hands over his mouth. He looked back
into the room behind him and checked that the massive silhouette of the
Enemy was still motionless before turning an intent gaze on the mysterious
body of light once again. “So, Metatron, you mean the Archangel Metatron
we fought at Midtown—the one in control of its main body? You were on
my back this whole time? You didn’t just give me your wings?”
In his great surprise, he forgot to say “Lord,” but fortunately, it seemed
that the 3-D icon was willing to overlook it.
“I believe I told you that I would lend you my strength,” it replied, icon
blinking randomly with pale light. “The wings I extended to you are one
part of my being. Thus, it is possible to have two-way communication with
our true self. Although to do this, it is necessary to turn into a terminal for

a time.”
“Uh. Um. So then, that’s…The Metatron Wings are an Enhanced
Armament, but they’re also Metatron itself. Which means they don’t
entirely belong to me, is that it?”
It was like—no, in a certain sense, it was one of those items with a
whole history, the super-high-level equipment you got after clearing a
super-hard mission, only to have it just disappear when it wanted or talk to
you a lot or whatever. That was what Haruyuki figured as he spoke
anyway.
The icon’s response to this, however, was extremely cold. “Essentially,
the idea that I would be under the control of you little warriors, even if
only a part of me, for no compensation whatsoever is out of the realm of
possibility. To obtain our Four Holy Powers, you must crush the first form
with special conditions—and then defeat the second form. Speaking for
myself, there is not one warrior who has ever accomplished this.”
He had spoken with Metatron any number of times during the fight at
Midtown, but belatedly, he marveled at how perfectly they could
understand each other through words. The Gods Suzaku and Seiryu had
spoken insofar as speaking goes, but in contrast with the way they
unilaterally issued statements, Metatron appeared to digest what Haruyuki
said before it responded. If it was an AI, it was pretty high level—
Haruyuki hurriedly yanked his thoughts back from this admiring train of
thought and repeated the words spoken to him one at a time.
“Special. Conditions?” He once again visualized the earlier fight in the
back of his mind.
The first form had to be the super-massive Enemy that Haruyuki
recognized as Archangel Metatron with the spherical head and four wings
attached to the long torso. In which case, was the Enemy that appeared
after they crushed that the second form? Meaning that Haruyuki and his
friends had, without knowing it, cleared these special conditions or
whatever—even if accidentally?
He opened his mouth to ask just what those conditions were when he
realized, finally, that now was not the time for leisurely conversation. He
had to go after Black Vise and get Niko back as soon as possible. “Right.
Um, I super-appreciate you helping me out so far. But it’s not over yet.”
The slowly blinking 3-D icon had nothing equivalent to a face, so he
looked up at the ring part and continued earnestly.
“My really good friend’s been taken by a bad guy. I think this is his

base or something, but while I was fighting the Enemy, I lost sight of
them. So I’m going to smash through the ceiling and go outside. Please,
Metatron, help me a little longer, just until I save Niko—my friend.”
He didn’t know how much of this Metatron, a non-Burst Linker—and
not only that, a hostile Enemy of the highest rank after the Four Gods—
would understand, but Haruyuki put every emotion into the eyes he turned
on the icon. Finally, the flickering of the light sped up, and in his mind, he
heard the same curt voice.
“I have no concept of good and evil as you do, and I have no interest in
the squabbles of little warriors.”
“……”
“However, I have no intention of breaking my vow to lend you my
strength. The reason I took this terminal form is because you were on the
verge of taking an extremely foolish action.”
“Huh? Foolish…action?” Haruyuki parroted, struggling with whether
or not he should be happy about what he had just been told.
The icon flashed brightly, as if nodding, and continued in its cool
voice. “Earlier, you were about to try to smash the ceiling of this structure
with your fists. If you had enacted this experiment, you would have been
hurt instead.”
“What?! But…I’ve smashed a bunch of buildings of the Twilight
stage…”
“If this Tawailait stayj, or what have you, that you speak of is the
current field attribution HL06, then normally built structures do indeed
have low strength. However, this structure is the exception to that rule.
This would have been clear if you had paid greater attention to the attack
of the mid-class Being earlier. This is why I call it foolish.”
He was well accustomed to being scolded in the Accelerated World,
but he never thought the day would come when it was an Enemy taking
him to task. A bit struck by this even as he chafed to get moving again,
Haruyuki guessed at the meaning of the three words he’d never heard
before.
He was pretty sure that attribution meant characteristic, so that word
probably indicated the attribute of the Unlimited Neutral Field. So then
HL06 was the code given to the Twilight stage? The last mention of Being
probably referred to a creature.
“Um, Being? Do you mean the Enemy?”
“I do not care for this appellation of Enemy that you all use. Refrain

from it in the future.”
“R-right! …So then, what was so obvious?”
“That Being struck the floor and walls several times with its sword, but
they were not damaged in the least. If this were a normal HL06 structure,
they would have been severely damaged.”
Haruyuki looked back, dumbfounded, and peered at the space behind
him. Just as Metatron had noted, there was not so much as a scratch on the
surface of the floor, against which the knight-type Enemy’s sword had
created such a spectacular show of sparks. He had no idea why that would
be, but given that the building could easily withstand a Beast-level sword
attack, it wouldn’t crumble to pieces at a strike carrying the full propulsive
power of four pairs of wings—in fact, there was a strong possibility that
his fist would be what disintegrated, unable to endure the impact.
He looked farther back into the room to check on the status of the
knight while he was at it and found the massive body still crouched on the
floor. It looked like it would probably stay quiet for the time being, and
Haruyuki let out a small sigh of relief.
But of course, in that instant, a vivid scarlet light flashed beneath the
slits carved into the Enemy’s helmet. Bits and pieces of metal armor
clanking, the knight slowly rose to its feet.
“Gah!” Haruyuki let out a low cry and took a step back. As if to take
his place, Metatron’s terminal moved forward. The pure-white light
flickered with dazzling intensity and reflected off the knight’s armor. The
strobe light appeared to convey some kind of information; the Enemy
froze in place.
Then the massive creature—over three meters tall—turned on its heel
as though it had been mentally overpowered by the 3-D icon, a mere
fifteen centimeters in height. The Enemy continued in that direction,
departing, its weighty steps ringing out, and Haruyuki stared, stunned.
Once the giant had vanished through the opposite doorway and he
could no longer hear its footfalls, Haruyuki asked, ever so timidly, “That
En—I mean, Being—did it maybe leave on your orders?”
The icon spun around. “I assume we do not have the time for obvious
questions,” it said, sounding exasperated somehow. “It was you who said
we must find your comrade warrior as soon as possible.”
“Oh! Y-yeah. But if I can’t smash the walls or the ceiling, how am I
supposed to look for her?”
“What I promised to lend you was strength, not knowledge. You must

decide yourself in what direction to move; what should be accomplished.”
Thus chastised, he couldn’t stand there complaining any further. He
should have simply been deeply grateful to Metatron for stopping him
from recklessly crashing into the ceiling. And that the Legend-class
Enemy—who could’ve instantly annihilated Haruyuki and his friends at
Midtown Tower if it had felt like it—was helping him out at all was a
significant bit of good fortune in and of itself. Better to get moving right
away instead of standing here, twisting himself into negative, worried
knots. So. Which way to go to save Niko?
“…This way!” Haruyuki shouted, kicking off the floor. Not to the right
in the passageway, nor the left, nor upward; he charged back into the first
room, cut across the broad floor, and flew out the door on the opposite
side, as if chasing after the Enemy Metatron had gone to the trouble of
neutralizing for him.
With exits A and B out of the hall, why had Black Vise chosen A?
Maybe because the knight-type Enemy was approaching via door B? It
might not have attacked Vise himself because of the taming, but it would
have targeted Niko in his arms. Maybe that was why he couldn’t use door
B?
In which case, Haruyuki could assume that the direction from which
the Enemy appeared and into which it retreated was itself a key section of
the base. If Vise had taken the long way around and was heading for that
center, there was still the chance that Haruyuki could catch up to him.
The 3-D icon hovered silently by Haruyuki’s side as he ran. It wasn’t
clear how long he had left until Metatron’s promise to lend him power
expired, but all he could do was pray that it wasn’t before he rescued Niko.
Fortunately, unlike the other exit, beyond this doorway was a single
straight path. He could see the back of the slow-moving knight up ahead,
but he ignored it and kept running. Kashak! Kashak! He slipped by the
massive feet treading on the floor and passed the knight. He’d expected
this, but it showed no signs of coming after him.
“Just in case, I shall give you fair warning, you who lacks knowledge.”
The icon bobbing along in the air spoke to him first, unusually enough.
“Wh-what?”
“The reason I was able to render that Being to the rear non-offensive is
because the control state due to the abominable silver crown was released.
Be warned that I cannot interfere with any new Being you might encounter
up ahead, until you destroy the silver crown.”

“G-got it.” Haruyuki managed to wrap his brain around the meaning of
this soon enough and bobbed his head up and down as he ran. “But the
reason I managed to break the crown on the Being back there is thanks to
the wing attack with the Metatron Wings.”
He’d intended to suggest that with that Enhanced Armament in
terminal mode, he might not be able to break the crown so easily, but
Metatron’s response was cold, as always.
“It is not a ‘wing attack.’ Call it Ektenia.”
“…R-right.” The laser attack had the ability name Trisagion, so he
guessed the wing attack also had a proper name. He had no idea what
either word meant, but he assented at any rate and turned his gaze back to
the path ahead.
The straight line of the hall finally appeared to connect with the next
room several meters ahead. Nearly a hundred meters away from the first
room—meaning this base was relatively enormous. The Acceleration
Research Society had to have been occupying a building somewhere in the
Unlimited Neutral Field, but facilities of this size were fairly limited,
weren’t they? So why hadn’t their base been discovered yet?
Haruyuki had pressed unprecedentedly deep into the central pillar of
the Society, yet now he was assaulted with the sense that things were only
going to get more ominous, and he wrapped his left hand around his right
arm as he ran.
“…Metatron,” he spoke without thinking as he realized all over again
how much courage he got from the presence of the small icon floating
beside him. “Thanks.”
“Refrain from pointless utterances,” the icon replied briefly.
“Right,” he responded, pulling his head in. Haruyuki was gradually
coming to think of the Legend-class Enemy with the name of Archangel as
a strict teacher.
Arriving at the entrance to the next room, he stopped and peered inside
from the edge of the wall. The configuration closely resembled the first
room, but openings were built into all four walls of this one. From where
Haruyuki was standing, the doors to the left and right seemed to connect to
new passages, but he could see stairs leading up beyond the doorway
ahead. The enormous space was deserted; there was no sign of a new
Enemy or Black Vise.
Haruyuki wrestled briefly in the back of his mind with the question of
whether he had been wrong in assuming Vise was taking the long way

around to this room and whether or not he should go back to the first room
and head down the other passage when—
A spot on the ivory white floor flashed red. As if sucked in by it, he
moved into the room and took a few steps before crouching down. With
the outstretched fingers of his right hand, he gently grabbed the object that
had reflected the light, an almost microscopic crimson something. There
was no mistaking this color; this was a fragment of the cracked armor of
the Red King, Scarlet Rain. Solid proof that Vise had passed through this
room no more than a minute or two earlier.
“Niko…” As her name slipped past his lips, the crimson fragment lost
its life as an object, scattered into fine particles of light, and disappeared.
He clenched his hand tightly and lifted his face.
The exit through which Vise had disappeared had no doubt been a large
detour that connected with the right or left entrance to this room. Which
meant he had gone up the stairs on the far side. Thanks to his shortcut
through the central passage, Haruyuki had managed to largely make up for
Vise’s head start.
“Just wait, Black Vise!” Haruyuki called in a measured voice and
turned toward the stairs. But the floor before him suddenly changed from
the snowy-white of marble to the jet-black of coal tar. Hurriedly putting on
the brakes, he jumped a step back.
Concentric waves spread out in the lustrous black floor, the center
puffing up in a circle. Just like the room he’d arrived in, there appeared to
be an exit to the shadow corridor in here as well. Haruyuki reflexively
braced himself to attack. Would it be an Enemy that appeared or a new
member of the Society—?
Plrmp. With a viscous, watery sound, two human-shaped silhouettes
leapt out, one after the other. Not Enemies, given that they were basically
the same size as Crow. They shot up into the air before falling to the floor
in a pile a ways off.
“Nngh!”
“Ouch!”
Both of these slightly underwhelmed voices were almost too familiar to
him. He released his fists, ready for a surprise attack, and opened both eyes
wide as he shouted, “Ta-Taku?! And…Chiyu?!”
The large blue avatar pinned to the ground and the small green avatar
on top of him raised their heads toward Haruyuki at the same time. No
matter how he looked at them, they were none other than Cyan Pile and

Lime Bell.

2
According to the story Haruyuki was told later, it took Kuroyukihime and
the others he’d left in the park at Midtown Tower a moment or two to get
moving again. Haruyuki had called to them immediately before he’d flown
off in pursuit of Black Vise: “Pard, please chase down Argon!” and
“Someone, leave through the nearest portal and pull Niko’s cable!”
The first to leap into action had been Blood Leopard. She raced off
with the full strength of Beast Mode and receded into the distance in the
blink of an eye, in hot pursuit of the Quad Eyes Analyst, who had been
covering Vise with her laser attack from the roof of a distant building.
Six people remained in the park: Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Akira, Utai,
Takumu, and Chiyuri. But Utai had been shot in the chest by four of
Argon’s lasers, and she lay cradled in Fuko’s arms, unable to move.
Chiyuri had restored the shrine maiden’s health gauge with her Citron Call
ability as soon as they regrouped, but it would take a little time to recover
from the severe shock of the surprise attack. So the group would have to
split into two, half backing Leopard up, while the others went off in search
of a portal to stop Rain’s acceleration.
Just as Kuroyukihime made this decision, a huge explosion rocked the
north side of the park. Turning her head, she saw a pillar of red flames
rising up from one end of the pale line of buildings. She suddenly tensed,
fearing an attack on Leopard.
“It’s all right,” Akira murmured quickly. “That’s Pard’s work.”
“Is it? Then…” Kuroyukihime brought her gaze back to her Legion
members. “Pile, Bell, you go after Leopard!”
Takumu and Chiyuri agreed in unison.
“Leave it to us!”
“Understood, Master!”
The words still hanging in the air, the pair set to the north. Without
waiting to see them off, Kuroyukihime turned to Fuko and Akira.

“Raker, Curren. We’ll head for the tower!”
The closest portal was somewhere inside Midtown Tower, the key
Acceleration Research Society base. Her team had eliminated the biggest
obstacle—Archangel Metatron—but they had no idea what other traps or
powerful foes lay in wait inside. The two veterans didn’t immediately
assent to this mission, however.
“Lotus, you don’t want to help Corvus?” Raker said with a concerned
light in her madder-red eye lenses. “If he manages to catch up to Vise,
he’ll be fighting a one-on-one battle with him.”
Akira nodded her agreement, the flowing water of her armor still
largely depleted.
But Kuroyukihime looked up at the last remaining rays of light in the
dusky sky and shook her head. “No. I believe in Crow—in my child. And
you saw him, that incredible flight speed. He can beat Vise, even one-onone!” she declared crisply.
The other two nodded understandingly, and then Utai uttered weakly,
“That’s…exactly. Right. When he is fighting for someone he loves, C is…
unbeatable.”
“Mei! Are you all right?!” Fuko demanded.
“I’m fine. Now,” the little shrine maiden avatar answered bravely.
“Rain was stolen from under my nose because…I didn’t sense Argon’s
attack. It’s my fault. I can’t stay here in your arms forever.”
Utai dropped to the ground to stand on her own two feet. Given that the
sensation of pain was doubled in the Unlimited Neutral Field, she still
must have been feeling the four ultraheated laser blasts, but she let no sign
show in her stance.
There was no way that the responsibility for the current situation lay
with Utai alone, but Kuroyukihime simply nodded, knowing she should
just accept the girl’s readiness to push forward. “You can still fight,
Maiden?”
“Of course I can!”
“Good. Then the four of us are breaking into Midtown Tower. I’m
certain the portal is…”
“If it hasn’t changed from the old days, it should be on the forty-fifth
floor,” Akira promptly finished for her.
The four young women all looked up at the pale skyscraper, ripped
apart vertically from somewhere near the top floor. Metatron’s
superpowered laser, as reflected by Silver Crow’s Optical Conduction

ability, had split the building in two. They strained their eyes to peer into
the two-meter gap between the two halves, but they couldn’t see the blue
light of a portal. If they could slip onto the forty-fifth floor through that
opening, though, it would save them a huge chunk of time.
“So two hundred meters and a bit. Raker?” Kuroyukihime turned
around.
“Unfortunately, my Gale Thruster can’t carry the three of you to that
height.” Fuko shook her head slightly. “I could go ahead by myself, or I
could fly as far up as I can with all four of us?”
“Mmm.” Kuroyukihime blinked once and made her decision. “We all
go together. A forced disconnection is our last resort to save Rain. We
cannot fail, no matter what lies ahead. Crow will certainly buy us the time
to climb the stairs.”
“Right. I’ll give this flight everything I have, too.” Fuko spread her
arms out wide. Utai clung to her body, Akira to her right arm, and
Kuroyukihime to her left. The booster on her back was enveloped in a
pale-blue light. There was the squeal of activation, and then Fuko’s long,
fluid, metallic hair spread out around her head like wings.
“Here we go!” she shouted as she pushed off the earth.
Pale flames gushed from the jets of Gale Thruster, and the four
members of Nega Nebulus rocketed toward the top of the massive tower.

Utterly. Unflinchingly.
I absolutely will protect you.
Blood Leopard—Mihaya Kakei—raced along, a crimson tornado with
these words echoing over and over in the back of her head.
It wasn’t as though she hadn’t anticipated an attack by the Acceleration
Research Society to some degree. After all, only two days earlier, while
they were out working as a group in the Unlimited Neutral Field, the Red
Legion had run afoul of a surprise attack by a Legend-class Enemy rode by
a duel avatar disguised as the Black King.
The fake Lotus was actually the self-proclaimed vice president of the
Acceleration Research Society, Black Vise. The purpose of the surprise
attack was reconnaissance on Prominence and Scarlet Rain; the Red King
had noted this herself the previous day. But at present, it wasn’t exactly
clear why Vise had taken on the guise of the Black King, but both Mihaya
and Niko assumed that the most likely explanation was to stir up hostilities

between the two Legions, which currently had a truce with no expiration
date. And in fact, three Prominence members did independently attack the
Suginami area in the Territories on Saturday.
However, looking at how things stood now, Mihaya was starting to
think their aim had been the exact opposite. If they could present a fake
Black King and attack the Red King, pushing Prominence to retaliate, the
two Legions would inevitably hold a top-level meeting in order to get the
situation under control. And if a member of the Black Legion or a Burst
Linker with a strong connection to them—someone like Ash Roller, for
instance—was infected with an ISS kit, the loyal Red King would most
certainly offer to help.
Indeed, before the battle with Metatron, when they’d fought Magenta
Scissor and asked why she’d targeted Ash Roller, she’d replied that she
had “obligations.” There was a good possibility that those obligations were
instructions from the Acceleration Research Society, all of it groundwork
for abducting the Red King, Scarlet Rain, in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
There were far too many uncertainties to call it a real plan. But that was
probably the Acceleration Research Society’s style. They scattered the
seeds of disaster one by one through the Accelerated World and harvested
whatever fruit happened to grow. When Rain’s parent Cherry Rook was
taken over by the Armor of Catastrophe, when Rust Jigsaw ran wild in
Akihabara Battle Ground, when Dusk Taker stole Silver Crow’s wings, the
damage could have been many times worse. In fact, the Society’s
scheming could actually have already brought about any number of
massive tragedies, and Mihaya simply didn’t know about them.
But this time, there’s no way I’m going to let them get away with it.
Sadly, Mihaya didn’t have the power to follow Black Vise as he sank
into the shadows with Rain locked away inside him. But Silver Crow,
whose growth was remarkable, had gone after him flying unbelievably
fast, maybe even beyond the speed of sound. It was Mihaya’s role to
capture Vise’s backup, Argon Array. Crow had no doubt given that
instruction because he was thinking of a hostage exchange for the Red
King.
Argon’s lasers had come from a building over three hundred meters
away from Midtown Tower. This was a distance not so easily crossed even
in a Normal Duel Field with its walls marking the area boundaries. And
this was the Unlimited Neutral Field, where there were no such
boundaries.

I’m not letting you get away!
Her leopard’s maw howling ferociously, Mihaya pushed against the
ground with everything she had. More than ten seconds had already passed
since Argon’s figure disappeared from the roof of that building. Blood
Leopard had to at least stop her from meeting up with Black Vise, no
matter what. She’d activated her First Blood ability, which allowed her to
run at a speed of two hundred kilometers an hour, but it still wasn’t
enough.
Now was the time to use it: Blood Leopard’s most powerful level-five
special attack, so long sealed away.
Sight. Target set on five-story building two hundred meters ahead.
Load. Jump, limbs folded in. Formation of a tube of red light—a gun
barrel around her body.
And—fire.
“Bloodshed Cannon!!”
With the call of the attack name, her special-attack gauge was
essentially spent. An explosion loud enough to shake heaven and earth
filled the air. Mihaya’s body, a bullet, shot forward from the
semitransparent barrel. Her field of view melted away into concentric rings
and then to a whiteout. A fraction of a second later, her entire body was
rocked by an impact that threatened to rip it apart, and Mihaya bit down
hard.
Her health gauge instantly dropped more than 30 percent, and cracks
appeared all over her armor. As she recovered her vision, she saw
countless white fragments scattering outward against a backdrop of orange
flames—the building in Mihaya’s sights had been blown away, smashed to
pieces by her “bullet” self.
Blood Leopard, Prominence lieutenant, was known as a Pure Red
close-range type. She stood in contrast with the general rule of the
Accelerated World because she used absolutely no long-distance attacks
despite the fact that her avatar color was a highly saturated, long-distance
red. Most members of the Red Legion even believed she had been dubbed
Bloody Kitty because of the way she fought, shredding enemies with sharp
teeth and claws, a close-range fighting style on par with even blue-type
avatars.
But the truth was something else. She was “bloody” not because she
bathed in the blood of her enemies, but because she split and smashed her
own armor with her Bloodshed Cannon. Equivalent to blowing herself up,

if the attack hit its mark, the force would kill pretty much any duel avatar
instantly. But if it missed and she crashed into buildings or the ground, she
died. She had gotten away with losing a mere 30 percent of her health
gauge after smashing into such a large building only because this was the
Twilight stage and its buildings were brittle and easy to break.
After all, her avatar name, Leopard, was not just an animal: It could
also be the Leopard of real-world tanks.
But Mihaya had sealed Bloodshed Cannon away after using it for a
very brief period and had fought intently ever since as a close-range type.
There were two main reasons for this. To earn the extra points she
needed to withstand the Level Drain attack of the God Seiryu, she couldn’t
use a technique that was such a gamble: If she hit, she won; if she missed,
she lost. And she realized she would never be able to catch up to Sky
Raker and her perfect control of Gale Thruster, a falsely similar power,
while relying on such an uncertain ability.
Even now, at level eight, she still felt her training was not yet
sufficient. But she didn’t need to set her sights so precisely here, and this
was no time to hold anything in reserve. She had to mobilize everything
she had within her to catch Argon Array.
This resolve burning in her heart, Mihaya scanned her surroundings
from the center of the massive explosion she had brought about herself.
And then, beyond the vast quantities of rubble still falling to the ground,
she saw it: a purple light flashing in the gloom about a hundred meters
ahead. That had to be light reflecting off Argon’s armor.
One more time!
She had no sooner pulled her limbs in and fixed the gun barrel around
her avatar than she was yelling the technique name. Bloodshed Cannon
seriously depleted her special-attack gauge, but when she exploded an
entire building into the air, she got a massive object destruction bonus. As
long as her health gauge held out, she could shoot herself forward until the
end of time.
With a thunderous roar, Mihaya rocketed toward the winding roadway,
piercing two smaller buildings. The massive explosions turned the area
into a sea of debris. Her health gauge was further carved away, dropping to
below 50 percent, but this time, her enemy couldn’t have gotten away
unscathed.
She spun around once in midair, her vision returning as she came down
to stand on the ground. Her wide-open eyes caught sight of Argon with

both arms crossed before her, a defensive position against the blowback.
“Graar!!” A roar raged from the leopard’s maw, and Mihaya pounced.
Just as the nickname Quad Eyes Analyst indicated, Argon Array was an
information-gathering type of duel avatar. Her main ability was to scan
everything from the status to the storage of other avatars with the
clairvoyant powers of her large eye lenses; even the executives of the six
major Legions no doubt thought she was not a particularly strong fighter.
However, that information was fraudulent, just like the idea that she
was on the executive team of the Acceleration Research Society. The four
lenses of her eyes and her hat did not just emit harmless clairvoyant light
rays; they could also shoot lasers at temperatures high enough and at
speeds fast enough to dig into even a metal color.
The lone lens exposed behind her cross guard shone a vivid purple.
This time, it wasn’t the reflection of the twilight sun, but it was the
advance signal of the laser activation. The light flared brighter and
concentrated into a single point, a beam of bright light. There was no way
to avoid it at this close range.
But Mihaya ignored the fierce pain of the laser piercing her left
shoulder and flew at Argon. The blow ate further into her health gauge,
pushing it into the dangerous red zone, but her priority was to sink her
teeth into her enemy. She knocked Argon off-balance with a body blow,
got around behind her, and bit as hard as she could into her left shoulder.
Four fangs dug into the thin armor, sending the red flashes of a damage
effect scattering around them.
“Ow, ow! Heyyy, that hurts!” Argon tried to peel Blood Leopard off
with both hands, but her maw was not so weak as to lose in a contest of
strength against a long-range type. Seeing that the fangs were not going
anywhere anytime soon, the analyst turned her face as far to the left as she
could to try to fire her lasers, but Mihaya was just barely beyond its sights.
Miyaha’s near-empty health gauge pulsed with a red light and began to
refill, the result of an ability she could use only in Beast Mode, Vital Bite.
Mihaya couldn’t see Argon’s health gauge, but she knew it was dropping
at the same rate as hers was increasing. This biting attack from behind was
certain victory. Very few duel avatars had ever escaped her once she sank
her teeth into them.
“Ow, ow, ow. Come oooon, how’s this s’posed to be an easy job,
y’know? Sayin’ I just gotta fire once and then run, but the runnin’s way
too hard now, innit?!”

This barrage was probably directed not at Mihaya but Black Vise. He’d
long since fled the Midtown area, but since all signs of Silver Crow in
pursuit had also vanished, Mihaya wanted to believe he had succeeded in
his chase.
The best outcome was Crow defeating Vise to get the Red King back,
but she couldn’t put such a weighty burden on his shoulders when he was
still only level five. Naturally, she wasn’t so pessimistic as to expect his
utter defeat, but her role was to secure Argon as a hostage to exchange.
And to do that, she first had to eat away the Analyst’s health gauge.
Since Mihaya had gone up to the same level eight as Argon
immediately after the mission to rescue Aqua Current, she would get only
ten points for defeating her; the real prize from Argon’s death was that she
would be bound to these coordinates for sixty minutes in a ghost state.
With this merciless resolve, Mihaya bit down hard, her slender neck
straining to recruit strength from other parts of her body. Argon had to
have been in excruciating pain, being in the Unlimited Neutral Field with
ongoing damage to a critical point. But that pain was nothing compared
with the sum total of the pain and suffering of the Burst Linkers sacrificed
thus far to the scheming of the Acceleration Research Society.
“Ah, crap…I’m gettin’ all dizzy. Yeah, this is not so…funny, y’know?
At least change where you’re biting me…Askin’s not gonna do anything,
though, huh?” Argon’s tone was as insolent as ever, but her voice faded in
and out.
Unable to talk, Mihaya growled quietly in response. Her health gauge
was already nearly 70 percent full again; Argon would be dead soon
enough.
“Aah. No savin’. Me, huh? An’ kitty cat. You showed me. A seriously
spectacular. Secret technique. ’S’not the time…for me to be pullin’ faces,
yeah?”
“……!”
Mihaya tensed. She was out of reach of Argon’s lasers; there should
have been no way for her to turn the tables. Was it simple bravado? Or was
there still something else?
A sharp shiver ran up her spine. Instinctively, she decided she should
just go ahead and strike the final blow now rather than completely recover
her health gauge with Vital Bite. She raised her right hand to rip her claws
through Argon’s defenseless back—
But a vividly sinister violet light jetted out of the avatar pinned to the

ground.
It wasn’t a special attack. This was an overlay, proof of the activation
of the Incarnate System.
“Infinite Array.”
By the time the whispered name reached Mihaya’s ears, the
materialization of her imagination was complete. The time required for
activation: a mere half second. Without a moment to so much as consider a
counterstrategy, Mihaya instinctively released her fangs from Argon’s
neck and tried to leap backward.
But she was too late. Tiny lenses popped up on the surface of the armor
encasing the Analyst’s body. Beams of haloed light rose up from the neat
rows of infinite eyes.

Pwaah. The air shuddered, and the miniature lasers fired in all
directions. Sixty percent dug out black holes in the rubble blanketing the
earth and the buildings that had so far escaped destruction, while 35
percent radiated outward up into the sky—and the remaining 5 percent
shot through Mihaya.
“Nngh!!” First, she was hit with a mild shock, which was followed by a
powerful sensation of heat, and finally, a pain so fierce it was dizzying.
Mihaya somersaulted backward and hit the ground. The health gauge
she’d so recently recovered plunged back into the red zone, but she didn’t
have time to check exactly how much was left. She scrabbled earnestly at
the ground with her leopard paws to regain her footing. If she was hit with
the same attack again, she would definitely die.
But perhaps this Incarnate attack couldn’t be used in quick succession
or maybe she was showing off her advantage. Whichever it was, Argon
Array took her time getting to her feet.
“Aah, that hurt, yeah? I been a BB player fer a long time, but that’s the
first time I ever almost been bit to death by anyone—Enemy or avatar.”
She turned to stare at Mihaya, the millions of “eyes” still covering her
armor. Nor had the hazy overlay enveloping her entire body disappeared.
The activation speed, the power, the range, the elapsed time: The ability
was superbly refined in every way. It even surpassed Rust Jigsaw’s Rust
Overlay, a technique that belonged to the same fourth quadrant—
destructive will with range as its target—that had once thrown the Hermes’
Cord race into total chaos.
It wasn’t as though Mihaya herself was completely ignorant of
Incarnate techniques. But since she had learned hers to at most protect her
from an enemy’s Incarnate attack, hers honestly didn’t even begin to
compare with Argon’s in terms of pure power. In fact, Argon’s Infinite
Array was so excessively powerful that she didn’t even need to check to
know that this ability of Argon’s was abnormal.
All Incarnate techniques took the user’s “mental scars” as their energy
source. The scars were absence, hunger, despair. Thus, even if you were to
produce hope from those scars and sublimate them as first- or secondquadrant powers—positive will—a bias appeared in the technique itself. If
you desired power, you lost speed; if you desired range, accuracy; breadth,
endurance. The general principle was that a perfect Incarnate technique
was not possible.
And yet, there was no flaw in Argon Array’s. Had she spent vast

amounts of time refining the technique to make it this way? Or…?
Her thoughts racing, Mihaya tried somehow to pull her injured body off
the ground.
“Say, kitty cat?” Argon turned toward her and asked an unexpected
question. “You ever think about it? Why most creatures only got the two
eyes?”

When Silver Crow had used his flight ability to carry Kuroyukihime,
Akira, Chiyuri, and Takumu to the top of the old Tokyo Tower
approximately ten hours earlier, he had ascended at a modest speed to
conserve his special-attack gauge.
But Fuko, now similarly given the task of carrying Kuroyukihime,
Akira, and Utai to the top of Midtown Tower, turned Gale Thruster up to
full power right from the start, prioritizing their fight against time over a
desire to conserve fuel. Kuroyukihime thought her decision was the right
one, but when they shot upward at the wall of the building at missile
speeds, she couldn’t help but cry out.
“H-hey, Raker! Can you—”
“—really—” came Akira.
“—stop?!” from Utai.
“Well, I’m sure it’ll work out,” Fuko replied casually, the pale wall
closing in before their eyes.
Kuroyukihime’s whole body stiffened—Fuko couldn’t actually be
planning to plunge into the exterior wall headfirst—and in that instant, the
booster jets sputtered out. They continued to ascend through sheer inertia,
but they were quickly losing force. Now they started to worry about the
opposite problem—the fall—but Fuko’s eyeballed measurements were
true. At the moment when they reached the pinnacle of the parabola, they
were absorbed into the two-meter gap in the exterior wall of Midtown
Tower.
“Ha!” The instant they entered the building, Kuroyukihime’s right hand
shot out and the sharp tip of her sword pierced the wall’s cross section.
Their fall was stopped for the time being, but now, the mass of all four
duel avatars rested on her arm.
“Lotus, hang on three seconds!” Fuko shouted, pushing Akira up high.
Aqua Current was still missing a large part of her flowing-water armor,
but she was apparently that much lighter for it. She grabbed onto the edge

of the floor the laser had burned through and easily jumped on top of it.
She immediately reached down to take Utai from Fuko and pull her up.
Then Fuko climbed onto the floor assisted by Akira, and released from the
weight of her three comrades, Kuroyukihime used the tip of the sword
stuck in the wall as a fulcrum to swing her own body up. She spun once in
midair and then came down to land next to her companions.
“That took five seconds, you know.” She tried pointing out the time
overage, but Fuko quickly offered some understandable—or maybe not—
logic.
“Five seconds here is a mere five thousandths of a second in the real
world. It’s fine; don’t worry.”
Quelled, the Black King quickly changed the subject. “So then, what
floor is this, I wonder?”
Posed with this question, Akira and the others looked around. The
gloomy space was fairly large, with long marble tables set out at regular
intervals.
“A restaurant—no, an office,” Kuroyukihime said. “I feel like we came
in about two-thirds of the way up, so I think this is an office floor
somewhere around the thirty-fifth floor.”
Akira and Utai nodded to indicate their agreement, while Fuko glanced
up at the ceiling and narrowed her eye lenses.
“Which means ten more floors to forty-five, hmm? Then it seems like it
would be faster to jump up through the gash created by Metatron’s laser
than look around for the stairs up.”
“That might be, but if someone is lying in wait above, we’ll be fair
game appearing from such an obvious opening…”
“So then, we make a hole in the ceiling a little ways off and attack the
area before going in. Fortunately, it’s impossible to destroy the portal. We
can attack all we want.”
“R-right. But…Raker, were you always so ready to charge in like
this?”
Fuko had been the Submaster of the old Nega Nebulus, but
Kuroyukihime didn’t actually have that much experience fighting
alongside her in the Territories. Given that they had to simultaneously
defend multiple areas nearly every week, they had frequently led different
teams.
Fuko merely smiled gracefully at this question, but Utai, her longtime
partner in the Territories, shuddered. “I think you only get a nickname like

ICBM if you’re the type to charge right in.”
“I see. That makes sense. Well then, shall we charge into our target
here?” Kuroyukihime said, looking up at the ceiling. “Maiden, help me.”
The shrine maiden avatar did an about-face and nodded forcefully.
“Understood!”
Of the four, Ardor Maiden naturally had the greatest long-distance
attack power, but the flame attacks that were her specialty didn’t have as
much piercing power as a physical attack. Each time her flames plunged
through a ceiling, the force would diffuse horizontally, making it unlikely
that her attack would reach all the way to their destination. Of course, she
would eventually get through at some point if she simply kept firing, but
that would have been a waste of her special-attack gauge.
Thus, Kuroyukihime readied the sword of her right arm to tear open a
vertical breach. Utai nocked a flame arrow in her longbow and similarly
aimed at the ceiling. After checking that Fuko and Akira had taken a few
steps back, she focused her imagination.
“Here we go! Overdrive! Mode Red!” Black Lotus shouted, and the
narrow molding lines running across her body shivered a vivid scarlet,
proof that her avatar’s ability balance had shifted to long-distance. The red
light was in the sword of her right hand as well, and this concentrated
around the tip, squealing with the vibration.
“Vorpal Strike!!” She thrust her hand upward.
This Incarnate technique, taught to her in the distant past by her master,
dug through one thick marble ceiling after another, the sounds of each hard
impact echoing back down. Since a floor at Midtown Tower was about
four and a half meters high, ten floors up was forty-five meters. Rangewise, this was right at the edge of hers, but she had to make it. Mustering
up every bit of her image power, she pushed the red lance forward. She
counted the feedback from crashing through each ceiling—eight, nine, ten
—and immediately stepped back, almost falling.
Fuko grabbed the staggering Kuroyukihime by her shoulders, while
Utai turned her longbow toward the hole gouged out of the ceiling and
pulled the bowstring back as far as she could.
“Flame Vortex!!”
Her voice was crisp as she called the name of not an Incarnate
technique but a special attack. But the force of it was greater than the
Vorpal Strike. The flaming arrow set in the bow grew to an enormous size
in an instant, and the arrowhead started to spin fiercely. Transformed into a

crimson tornado, the arrow shot forward, radiating heat and light.
The flaming spiral flew upward, doubling the size of the hole of half a
meter or so cut out of the ceiling by Kuroyukihime’s sword. If Flame
Torrent, the special attack Maiden had used in the fight with Seiryu, was
an attack across a broad range, then Flame Vortex was a technique that
sought the straight and narrow. Its force was such that it would plunge
forward dozens of meters even in the water of an Ocean stage, evaporating
the liquid around it. These disembodied flames had trouble against only
rock and metal walls, but if there was even the smallest hole, the flames
would pass through and charge ever deeper.
Krraarn! They heard the roar from far overhead. The flame spiral,
tracing the trajectory of the Vorpal Strike, had reached the forty-fifth floor
and exploded. If someone had been lying in wait around the gash, they
would have been instantly killed or seriously injured in the ranged attack
from behind.
“Maiden, did you get any points?!” Kuroyukihime asked immediately.
“No.” Utai shook her head, longbow still in position above her head.
“But there was feedback!”
“All right, we charge all at once! Everyone, go!” Kuroyukihime moved
directly beneath the large hole and jumped with all her might. Even
without any special jumping ability, a lightweight high ranker could jump
the height of one floor of a building with just the avatar’s basic abilities.
When she slipped through the hole, the edges still melted red-hot, and
landed on the floor above, Fuko, Akira, and Utai also took turns jumping
up. Without stopping, all four continued their leapfrog ascent through the
improvised pit gouged out of Midtown Tower.
As they approached the forty-fifth floor, Kuroyukihime felt a sensation
on the surface of her avatar’s armor, like the prickling of an electric
charge. It was a shiver of fear not unlike when they had charged into the
territory of the God Seiryu—or when they had faced the main body of the
Archangel. A certain instinct that someone was hiding up ahead—someone
dripping with the dark, condensed malice separate from the battle power in
the system.
However, regardless of whether some great threat awaited them, retreat
was not an option. Out of a sense of chivalry, Niko, the Red King, had
helped the Black Legion in their efforts to save Sky Raker’s child and
Silver Crow’s rival Ash Roller, and now she’d been abducted by Black
Vise. But more than anything else, Niko was a deeply valued friend to

Kuroyukihime.
Two years and ten months earlier, Kuroyukihime had turned her back
on all bonds and left Nega Nebulus to its destruction. Three of the Four
Elements had returned to the Legion, but the majority of the members
from that time did not show themselves in the Suginami area even now.
That was only natural. Kuroyukihime had betrayed them twice, after all.
The first time was when, carried away by violence, she had taken the
head of the first Red King, Red Rider, and made bitter enemies of the other
six major Legions. And the second time was when she had fled the
Accelerated World without even trying to rebuild the Legion after the
Castle mission ended in tragedy and failure.
If she had simply had a will strong enough, Kuroyukihime could have
rallied Nega Nebulus from that situation as well and somehow managed to
at least hold on to their base of operations in Shibuya Area No. 1 while
they attempted to rescue Ardor Maiden, Aqua Current, and Graphite Edge.
But Kuroyukihime did not do that. She abandoned her members, who had
lost massive numbers of points in the process of escaping the territory of
the Gods, and locked herself away from the global net for over two years.
What had pulled Kuroyukihime out of this time of stagnation, of simply
licking her wounds, was a small crow with silver wings on his back. He
was supposed to be her scion, yet Kuroyukihime had been spurred on, led,
and taught by him any number of times. She would never make the same
mistakes again. She would never abandon a comrade—a friend. She would
get Niko back. Without fail.
“Lotus, the forty-fifth floor’s next!” Fuko murmured sharply after the
ninth jump.
“Got it,” Kuroyukihime replied. She stopped for a moment, waited
until Utai in the rear caught up, and then instructed rapid-fire. “Raker,
Curren, Maiden, our top priority is to return to reality through the portal
and pull out Rain’s cable. Whoever contacts the portal first leaves. The
other three will continue to investigate toward our secondary objective—
the destruction of the ISS kit main body. Cut down anyone who gets in our
way. No mercy. Don’t hesitate to use Incarnate techniques.”
The other three nodded firmly. Kuroyukihime looked up at the large
hole in the ceiling—the cross section of which had finally cooled off—and
quietly cried out, “Here we go!”
She sank her stance down and, sending dazzling sparks flying across
the marble floor with the tip of her right foot, Kuroyukihime jumped for

the tenth time.

“Why…creatures only have…two eyes?” Mihaya repeated in a low voice.
This was not the time for a biology lesson. But intense pain still
tortured her virtual nerves after Argon’s terrifying omnidirectional
Incarnate technique Infinite Array ripped through her body, and she
probably wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. And if Argon hit her with
the same technique again, what was left of her health gauge would be
obliterated. Mihaya couldn’t figure out why Argon had decided to strike
up idle conversation rather than finishing her off. But for the time being—
at least until the pain receded—she had no choice but to go along with her
enemy’s whim.
“Optimization through the process of evolution.” She offered up what
seemed like the most commonsense answer.
“Well, I s’pose that’s one thing, sure.” Argon grinned beneath her large
goggles, as though she had been anticipating this response. “Didja know?
The ancestor of us vertebrates, like, back when it was livin’ in the water, it
had a third eye on top of its head. They call it a parietal eye, you know?”
“……”
Mihaya held her tongue, but the Analyst continued to chirp away, not
seeming to mind her enemy’s silence.
“An’ traces o’ that are still in our heads. Right in there. The pineal
gland. You heard of it, right? That thing used to be a third eye, yeah?
Guess it evolved back when our ancestor came up from the water onto
land. Bunch a theories ’bout why. But here’s what I think. The reason
three eyes’re too many for vertebrates…is ’cos the position of our eyeballs
is just too high spec. Y’know?”
“Too high spec?”
“Yep. The light our retinas catch gets reprocessed as a movie we can
understand. That’s some seriously heavy work for our brains. So much that
just two eyes is plenty—it’s loads. And t’be honest, the only time we can
see all perfect-like is when we focus our gaze in the middle of our field of
view, yeah?”
Mihaya never dreamed she’d have a conversation like this in the
Unlimited Neutral Field—and in the middle of a fight to boot—but she
was slowly sucked in. “That’s not just our eyes. I mean, we only hear the
sounds we listen for with our ears. And it’s the same with taste and smell.”

“Yer right there. But, like, our ears feel the vibration of molecules of
air, and our tongue, our nose, they catch the taste and smell of all kinds of
molecules, too. But it’s just our eyes what can sense these particles called
light, yeah? Particles, waves—I dunno, light’s a weird one. Y’know what,
kitty cat? They can’t measure the size of a photon. Our eyes can’t see a
thing like that.”
“Even if they don’t have size, they have energy.”
“That’s a bingo right there.” Argon grinned once again at Mihaya’s
rebuttal and snapped the fingers of her right hand. “The energy of the light
flying into our eyes is sucked up by photoreceptor cells in our retinas. Gets
turned into ’lectrical energy in the cell to travel ’long the optic nerve. So
then that gets to the cerebrum, and it’s processed as a movie that makes
sense to us…An’ then it just disappears, y’know? That’s the bit that’s
different from hearing an’ taste or whatever. The air molecules don’t up
and vanish from yer eardrums, and taste and smell molecules don’t go
anywhere after you analyze ’em, right?”
The Analyst’s voice hadn’t lost the hint of sunniness it always held, but
Mihaya noticed it had grown quieter at some point and was tinged with a
new coldness. Argon glanced down with the lenses—“eyes” neatly
arranged on the armor of her body as though viewing something repulsive.
“But, like, the photons that go into yer eyes disappear. Our eyes…eat
light. Somethin’ that scary, even two’re too many, prob’ly.”
“What exactly are you trying to say?” Mihaya asked, the pain finally
beginning to fade as she sank her animal body down gradually, preparing
to jump.
“Yah, why did I start ramblin’ away like this?” Argon spread her
slender arms and shrugged lightly. “Just buyin’ time…Razzle Dazzle.”
By the time she’d gotten the first half of the technique name out,
Mihaya had closed her eyes tightly and was pushing fiercely off the
ground. The Black Legion had told her about this particular special attack:
The four lenses on Argon’s head emitted a powerful light to blind her
enemies. A glamour technique; the light itself had no attack power. As
long as you knew that, it was a good opportunity to attack.
Aiming for where Argon had stood a half second earlier, Mihaya
brought down her right hand. Her claws, sharp as knives, scratched the
hard armor.
Too shallow!
Eyes still closed, she threw her left hand forward. That Argon had gone

to the trouble of buying time to use a glamour-type attack no doubt meant
she couldn’t immediately fire off her Incarnate technique Infinite Array
again. Mihaya wasn’t clear on what kept Argon from using her Incarnate
attack repeatedly since those didn’t use up the special-attack gauge, but for
now, the fact of it was enough. Like Mihaya, Argon had only a sliver of
health left in her gauge. If Leopard bit her again, she could bring her
down.
Yet her left hand, too, only gouged shallow grooves in her enemy’s
armor. The sense of Argon’s presence receded.
But Mihaya couldn’t let her get away now. With no other choice, she
lifted her eyelids, and although it was starting to fade, a flash bomb of
white light stabbed into her eyes. A thin gray shadow fluttered beyond the
light.
“Graar!!” With a battle cry, Mihaya leapt with everything she had.
But the claws of her hands caught nothing but flat marble. Mihaya had
apparently seen Argon’s shadow projected onto the wall of the building.
The brittle wall collapsed, unable to withstand Blood Leopard’s assault,
and Mihaya plunged inside.
“We’ll finish this conversation next time, kitty cat.” Her laughing voice
suddenly grew distant.
Mihaya couldn’t let her get away. Securing Argon was Mihaya’s job.
Silver Crow had believed that Blood Leopard, of all of them, could do this,
which was exactly why he left the rest to her and went after Black Vise on
his own.
Even though she had seen the flash of Razzle Dazzle for only a second,
her eyes still hadn’t completely recovered. But as Argon herself had noted
in their earlier conversation, sight wasn’t the only sense.
Mihaya’s sharp leopard ears picked up the faint sound of footsteps; the
pads on her four paws caught the vibrations in the earth. Argon appeared
to be running north—a different direction from Crow’s pursuit of Vise.
Mihaya didn’t know their destination, but all she had to do was chase;
directions didn’t matter to her now.
Smashing through another wall to come out onto the street, Mihaya ran
low to the ground. Her whiteout vision couldn’t pick out small obstacles
like a railing on the side of the road or crumbling pillars, but she
pulverized these with her head as she charged forward. Although her
armor wasn’t that thick since she was a red type, her basic defense and
physical strength had gone up a fair bit in her leap to level eight. If she’d

still been level six, Argon’s omnidirectional lasers would have no doubt
killed her instantly.
Mihaya had gone so long without leveling up in order to rescue Akira
Himi/Aqua Current from the nest of Seiryu. Current was Mihaya’s parent
and also one of the Four Elements that formed the executive branch of
Nega Nebulus. There weren’t many in the current Prominence who held a
grudge against the Black King for pushing the previous Red King, Red
Rider, to total point loss, but there were some—Blaze Heart and the others
who attacked Suginami in the Territories the day before were
representative of them. But given that Mihaya belonged to the Triplex, the
executive group for the Red Legion, the fact that she had stayed at level
six for Current’s sake was essentially a betrayal of her Legion.
But the Red King and the other two members of the Triplex had
allowed Mihaya this selfishness. And it was the Black Legion’s Watch
Witch, Lime Bell, who got Mihaya’s burst points back, when they should
have been gone forever after she was hit with Seiryu’s Level Drain. After
so many people had supported and aided her to allow her to finally reach
level eight, she basically had an obligation now to muster up every little bit
of power that level entailed and push it to the very limits.
“Graaaaar!” Racing forward, Mihaya unleashed a wild roar, another of
the special privileges of a half-beast avatar. A purple silhouette popped up
in the center of her blurred-white field of view. There’d be no more
chitchat when she overtook Argon. Only instant slaughter and
transformation into a death marker.
As she concentrated her strength in her back legs and sprang forward,
the glamour effect finally ended. Sight back to normal, she spotted Argon
stopped in place and looking over her shoulder. The myriad lenses on her
body had disappeared at some point. Was she giving up on her flight? …
No, that wasn’t it.
The slender avatar was sinking into the ground before her eyes. The
shadow of a large building stretched out at Argon’s feet. Mihaya strained
her eyes and saw that the shadow had liquefied into a pool of ink about
two meters wide, centered on Argon. The dark bog quickly swallowed up
over half of Argon’s body.
Black Vise was supposed to be the one with the ability to dive into the
shadows, not Argon Array. She couldn’t believe Vise was anywhere near
them given that he had fled in an entirely different direction. So then had
Vise lent his own ability to Argon through some means? …Or…

Part of her head whirring with these thoughts, Mihaya stretched out her
hands as far as she could to prevent Argon’s flight. But once again, her
claws did nothing more than scratch lightly at the large hat.
A faint smile rising up on her face, the Analyst sank into the shadow.
I’m not letting you get away! Mihaya did a somersault at the same time
as she landed to dive into the shadow herself. She plunged both hands into
the ebony bog without the least hesitation, and they were sucked in up to
her elbows together with an unpleasant sensation. Plrmp.
But that was it. At some point, the shadow bog had shrunk so that it
was smaller than Mihaya’s shoulders. Not only were her avatar’s elbows
caught, unable to dive, the contracting hole was making her arms creak
with an inescapable pressure.
“Shape Change!” Mihaya shouted, returning to human form. The nowslender avatar tried to dive in headfirst, but the speed of the hole’s
contraction was faster. Now both shoulders were caught, preventing her
entry.
Most likely, this was a time-limited movement gate generated at these
coordinates in advance by Black Vise. Argon’s time-buying chatter was to
ensure she arrived just before the gate disappeared. If it closed up,
Mihaya’s chance to follow her would vanish with it.
“Nngh…ah!” She marshaled all her remaining strength and tried to
force the hole open. But the power of the hole’s inward march was
relentless. The armor of her arms cracked, and her health gauge was
further cut away.
There was one thing left she could try: transform back into a leopard
and attack the gate with her special attack that turned her into a bullet,
Bloodshed Cannon. The technique caused enormous backlash damage,
which meant she very likely would not be able to live through it with the
current state of her health gauge. But she had no other options. If she
stayed the way she was, the contracting hole would rip her arms off and
kill her.
“Shape…” She started to give the transformation command in a hoarse
voice.
“Paaaard!”
“Leopard!!”
From behind her, she heard voices and footfalls. Even without looking,
she knew it was Nega Nebulus’s Lime Bell and Cyan Pile.
“Help me”—she halted her transformation and called over her shoulder

—“with this gate!”
Stopping at her sides, they seemed to instantly understand the situation.
Lime Bell crouched down and was about to thrust both hands into the hole,
but Cyan Pile stopped her.
“Wait, Bell! Please leave this to me, Leopard!” The large blue avatar
readied the pile-shooting Enhanced Armament of his right arm, aimed at
the gate, and shouted, “When I count down to zero, please get back from
the hole! Three, two, one…”
If she pulled her arms out, the gate would close in a matter of seconds
and disappear. But Mihaya shook off her momentary hesitation and leapt
backward as she heard his voice call “Zero!”
Stepping forward as if to take her place, Cyan Pile called out a
technique name she’d never heard before. “Spiral Gravity Driver!!”
As the spike in the Enhanced Armament was pulled in and tucked
away, the barrel expanded. A flash of blue—a thick hammer drill—shot
forth, more than double the size of the spike. The savagely spinning iron
pillar wedged into the gate as it was on the verge of closing and stopped it
with a strange crack.
But the silence was soon broken. The force of the hammer drill was
greater than the pressure of the gate, and it began to rotate once more,
sparks jetting up and tumbling down like waterfalls. As the drill dug
deeper and deeper, cracks radiated outward in the ground around the hole.
“Ah…Aaaaaah!” Roaring, Cyan Pile thrust his right fist downward, as
if to make doubly sure. There was an otherworldly sound like space itself
was being destroyed, and the edges of the gate broke into pieces and fell
away.
Now cracked open to a diameter of about two meters, the hole was
filled with a viscous darkness. Cyan Pile pitched forward on the followthrough, and Mihaya grabbed his shoulders to pull him back.
“GJ! Leave the rest to me!” She tossed herself into the hole. She was
up to her chest in the liquefied darkness when Pile and Bell nodded at each
other and jumped in after her.
She had absolutely no idea where the gate led, but because Argon had
tried to block her pursuit, there was a strong possibility that it was to the
Accelerated Research Society base. The danger level was on par with
Midtown Tower or even greater.
But before Mihaya could say anything, Lime Bell shouted resolutely:
“We’re coming, too! After all…”

Here, Mihaya’s head was swallowed by the darkness, and Lime Bell’s
voice along with it. But she heard the words “…we’re friends” with the
ears of her heart.
The shadow tunnel pushed the three intruders along for a moment or an
eternity. Her field of view was painted a uniform black, and her hearing
was completely blocked. She stretched out a hand, but her fingers touched
nothing. All she could do was leave herself to the current and pray that she
didn’t get separated from Pile and Bell and that they could catch up with
Argon. And of course, that they could rescue the Red King—Niko.
Though praying alone would not be enough. She had to squeeze out
every bit of knowledge and power she had and make it a reality, Mihaya
vowed firmly. With that, she curled up and allowed herself to be carried
away in the lightless channel.

Tokyo Midtown Tower, forty-fifth floor. In the real world, it was the lobby
of a super-luxury hotel. In the Accelerated World, this was reflected in the
building’s construction: A large space with orderly rows of square pillars
spread out before Kuroyukihime’s eyes as she charged in through the hole
in the floor.
As she did a rough survey of the terrain, her mind switched to enemydetection mode. The floor was dimly lit, the four walls deep in the
shadows, but she couldn’t see anything moving in the area. But Utai had
said she’d gotten some feedback after shooting Flame Vortex up into this
floor, so there was definitely something lurking there.
In the real world, the sensation of feedback felt by the user when a
flying instrument made an accurate hit would probably be classified as
some kind of occult sixth sense, but on this side, it was firmly based in
reality. If your long-distance attack connected with an Enemy or a duel
avatar, even beyond your own field of view, your special-attack gauge
would increase. The amount it was charged was clearly different from the
destruction of terrain objects. There was no way a veteran like Utai would
mistake one for the other.
When Utai herself appeared from the hole in the floor, followed by
Fuko and Akira, she quickly set a flame arrow against her longbow. She
had anticipated immediate battle, but realizing that there was no enemy in
sight, she murmured as though confused, “When I shot from below, I
definitely hit something dead-on…”

“And you didn’t get any points, right?” Fuko asked quietly.
“I did not.” The shrine maiden avatar nodded sharply. “Maybe it
retreated after taking damage. Or…?”
“Or it’s hiding in the shadows,” Akira concluded, flicking her light
blue eye lenses around the room. But even someone as sensitive as she was
couldn’t find any trace of their enemy.
After a moment’s thought, Kuroyukihime turned to the others. “No
matter. Our priority is a quick departure. We ignore the possibility of an
ambush and dive into the portal.”
“Agreed. But one question.”
“What is it, Curren?”
“The portal’s not where it should be.”
Caught off guard, Kuroyukihime stared intently at Aqua Current. The
transparent crystal of her face mask turned toward the south side of the
floor. “I’ve left from here any number of times. There’s no mistake. The
Midtown Tower portal should be on the south wall of the forty-fifth floor.”
Following Akira’s gaze along with Utai and Fuko, Kuroyukihime
peered into the gloom fifty meters ahead of them. But she couldn’t find
even a reflection of the characteristic pulsing blue light of the portal.
Instead, her eyes landed on a burnt fissure that cut a straight line across the
center of the floor.
“It can’t be,” Fuko murmured. “Metatron’s reflected laser destroyed the
portal?”
“Impossible!” Kuroyukihime refuted, voice emphatic. “The portals of
the Unlimited Neutral Field can’t be destroyed or moved. This entire
building could be destroyed, and the portal would stay in its fixed
coordinates!”
“I thought so, too, but…”
“Wait,” Akira said sharply, staring hard at the place where the portal
had once sat. “Something…There’s something there.”
“What?” Kuroyuki turned together with Fuko toward the south side of
the floor and focused her entire being on seeing. The contrast in her visual
field improved, and something that had melted into the thick darkness up
to that point popped up hazily. It was big. Nearly three meters across. It
appeared to be a sphere, but from this distance, that was all she could tell.
“Maiden, shoot a flame arrow into the wall over there.”
Utai nodded and readied her long bow. The flame arrow, launched
diagonally upward, carved an arc out of the air and plunged high into the

wall on the south side, pushing back the darkness with orange light.
“Wh-what is that?” Fuko whispered hoarsely.
The other three simply opened their eyes wide without a word.
Some thing was occupying an area just under ten meters to the right of
the fissure splitting the floor. “Brain” was the first thing that popped into
Kuroyukihime’s head. There was a ruggedness—mazelike indentations—
rising up on the surface of a massive spherical object. A pattern of fine
stitches crawled all over it, pulsed, and throbbed, forcing to mind the
image of a living creature’s brain—more specifically, a human being’s.
But the sphere was a matte black that sucked in all light, and a deep
fissure cut horizontally across the front. If it had been modeled after a
human brain, it should have been split not top and bottom, but right brain,
left brain. This difference, however, only served to make the object even
more unsettling. As though, despite the powerful resemblance to a human
brain, it was actually the brain of a decisively different creature…
And now, Kuroyukihime finally noticed that the enormous organ was
pulsing softly in the darkness.
She knew this sight. She hadn’t witnessed it herself, but she had
received a detailed report from Silver Crow and Lime Bell. About their
encounter inside the Brain Burst central server with the root of the dark
force running rampant in the Accelerated World.
“…This can’t be…” Kuroyukihime’s voice was almost inaudible.
“…the ISS kit main body?” Fuko finished for her.
At first, Kuroyukihime couldn’t believe that their final objective, the
thing they had been convinced was hidden somewhere deep within the
massive Midtown Tower—although at present, this objective had dropped
to number two on the list of priorities—was placed—no, left here
defenseless like this. It would have been logical to think it was a fake
meant as a trap for intruders, but her eyes and instincts were insisting that
this really was the kit main body. A mere shell of an object could never
produce the weighty pressure she felt oozing from the massive brain, this
unearthly force.
“…I think it’s real.”
“I concur…”
Akira and Utai confirmed Kuroyukihime’s instincts in hoarse voices.
“Mmm.” Nodding, Kuroyukihime put aside her shock for the moment
and set the gears of her mind racing furiously. If this massive brain was the
ISS kit main body, then they had to destroy it right away. Then the kit

terminals parasitizing Ash Roller and so many other Burst Linkers would
disappear, and the danger they presented would be gone from the
Accelerated World. That was indeed the final objective of the series of
missions the combined team of Nega Nebulus and Prominence had set out
on.
On the other hand, Kuroyukihime and her comrades needed to reach
the portal as soon as humanly possible and pull out the cable that
connected with Niko’s Neurolinker in the real world. Assuming they
succeeded in destroying the ISS kit main body, if the price for that success
was total point loss for the Red King, then the damage to both the Red and
Black Legions would be more devastating than that caused by the ISS kits
plaguing the Accelerated World. Both inside and outside this world.
If the Midtown Tower portal was gone, as Akira said it was, then
should they leave the building right away and head for the next-closest
leave point in Roppongi Hills Tower? But if they did that, would the ISS
kit main body still be unguarded when they returned to this place?
There was also the option of striking it as a test to see whether or not
they could destroy it, but she didn’t expect they’d be able to see its health
gauge, and it was quite possible that that one blow might bring about an
unexpected situation.
The other three must have felt the same anguish as Kuroyukihime faced
with the choice between two alternatives and no room for error.
“Your choice is our choice, Sacchi,” Fuko said in a clipped but gentle
tone as she drew near. “No matter what the result is, we will share
responsibility for it together, all of it.”
Akira and Utai also nodded deeply, their eyes shining with unwavering
light.
Nodding briefly in return, Kuroyukihime announced her choice to her
trusted comrades. “We head for Roppongi Hills. Seven hundred meters in
a straight line to the building, forty-fifth floor for the portal. We’ll be there
in less than five minutes.”
“Understood!” they shouted in unison.
With this reassuring push, Kuroyukihime stepped to the south.
Roppongi Hills was southwest of Tokyo Midtown. Rather than drop down
to the ground, it would be faster to have Fuko use Gale Thruster, likely
charged up to some degree by now, to fly them as far as she could on that
charge from the fissure cut out of the southern wall.
They began to run alongside the gash Metatron’s laser ripped north-

south through the marble floor and were about halfway across the fiftymeter-wide floor, when the massive brain enshrined ahead of them moved.
“Look!” Utai called out, running at the tail end of the group.
Reflexively, Kuroyukihime turned her head and saw the crack running
horizontally across the front of the ebony brain slowly opening. At first,
she thought it was separated into upper brain and lower brain, rather than
left-right. But it seemed that it wasn’t just the surface of the brain that was
moving. The complicated indentations became wrinkles and folded back,
gradually revealing something hidden inside.
“Don’t stop. Keep running!” Even as she gave the command,
Kuroyukihime couldn’t take her eyes off the monstrosity.
Inside the membrane peeling back was a curved surface with an
unexpectedly smooth luster. A sphere made of what looked like wet glass
was enclosed inside the brain. The center of the exposed part rose up in the
shape of a lens and emitted a hazy light. This lens part—perhaps a meter
and a half around—abruptly moved. Then the entire glass sphere began to
spin in all directions.
Whrr, whrr. The movement was so biological it called up an
indescribable loathing.
Finally, the lens moved to the right and focused on the four runners.
Instantly, Kuroyukihime understood that the large object was not a
brain, but an eye. The crack running from left to right wasn’t the
longitudinal fissure of the cerebrum, but the slit between upper and lower
eyelids. The exposed glassy sphere was the white of the eye, while the
perfect circle of the lens was the pupil and the iris. The massive eyeball
was watching Kuroyukihime and the others with some sort of hidden
purpose.
A reptilian vertical pupil sat in the center of the black lens, a blue light
shimmering like the surface of water beyond it. The light was ridiculously
pure in contrast with the extremely repulsive design of the eyeball. A clear
blue she’d seen before, a color that evoked a feeling like homesickness.
“Wait,” Aqua Current murmured sharply, her voice colored with an
unusual tension that stopped the others in their tracks.
“What’s wrong, Curren?” Fuko asked.
Akira didn’t reply right away, keeping her focus instead on the gaze of
the massive eyeball. “The portal,” she said finally, sounding even more
tense. “It’s inside that eyeball.”
“What?!”

“How is that—?!”
Fuko and Utai cried out in surprise simultaneously.
Holding her breath, Kuroyukihime peered into the black lens one more
time. She compared the regular pulsation of the blue light with her
memory of the portal she’d passed through too many times to even count.
The color. The shimmering. The size. All of it matched perfectly.
“You’re right!” Utai cried in a thin voice. “That’s the light of the
portal!”
“B-but…” Kuroyukihime—and likely Fuko as well—could find no
basis on which to refute her. “Is it even possible for an object to fully
incorporate something indestructible, like a portal?” she asked, baffled.
“To begin with, what would the ISS kit main body be in the system
classification?” Fuko voiced her own doubts. “From its form, it’s probably
not duel avatar or Enemy. And if it were an item, which includes
Enhanced Armament, it would be wiped out with the Change, right?”
Now that she mentioned it, that was actually true. Assuming it was the
Acceleration Research Society that had made this enormous, jet-black,
brain/eyeball object and that they had left it like this in the Unlimited
Neutral Field, it would have been forcibly erased during the Change when
the stage attributes switched. If the Society wanted to prevent that from
happening, they would need a semipermanent guard for it: The instant they
sensed the Change, they would have to return it to storage and then
rematerialize it after the attribute change. Considering the Change
occurred at minimum once every seven days—once every ten minutes in
real-world time—this was for all intents and purposes impossible.
Faced with nothing but questions, there was at least one thing that
could be settled in that moment.
“Whatever class of item it is, if the portal’s inside it, our plan’s
changed.” She pushed her surprise and confusion aside and continued
firmly, “We are going to smash that creepy eyeball—the ISS kit main
body—right now. And then we’ll leave the Unlimited Neutral Field
through the exposed portal. Raker, Curren, Maiden…” She threw her
sword-arms out with a clang. “This is our do-or-die moment! Get ready to
attack!!”
“Understood!” The voices of her three comrades echoed with double
the resolve from before and cut through the darkness of the floor.
They pulled together in a diamond formation with Kuroyukihime in the
lead, Fuko to her right, Akira to her left, and Utai at the rear to face the

massive eyeball enshrined twenty meters ahead. Blue light flickering
inside the long pupil, the glassy eye looked back at them with an inorganic
gaze utterly devoid of feeling.
No. It wasn’t that.
The eyeball brought its eyelids down slightly…and laughed. That’s
what it looked like to her.
A shadowy pulsation poured from the massive body. The instant she
touched it, Kuroyukihime knew that the inside of the eyeball was filled
with a vast malice. Its lust for destruction, tragedy, and slaughter had
become a dull black fluid, a flood inside the organ that threatened to burst
forth at any moment.
The blue light of the portal leaking out of the pupil suddenly changed
to a dark bloodred. Several lumps noisily popped up on the surface of the
brain-like structure enclosing the eyeball. Tumorlike, they swelled up like
balloons before bursting, releasing a viscous fluid and…something else.
Smaller eyeballs.
About twenty centimeters large, more than ten of them. The pupils
shone the same muddied red as the main body, and long, skinny legs
stretched out from the bottoms. No sooner had they fallen to the floor than
they were quickly crawling around, the legs making a dry rustling sound
like some kind of monster bugs.
“M-most likely, that’s what my Vortex hit before!” Utai said in a shrill
voice, readying her longbow. Even she, with her conviction to respect all
life, couldn’t hide her revulsion at the leggy eyeballs. And to be fair, the
small eyeballs were not critters that belonged to the Accelerated World.
“Careful! They’re probably ISS kit terminals! They might be able to
parasitize us if they touch us. Destroy them before they can get close!”
Up to that point, the little eyeballs had been racing around the main
body of the kit randomly, but as if Kuroyukihime’s order was the trigger,
they began to run as one toward the girls.
Utai made her bowstring sing over and over. Her flame arrows found
their marks on the kit terminals and sent them up in flames, but
unfortunately, there was a limit to how rapidly she could get arrows in the
air. Four of the eyeballs leapt over the blazing flames and spread double
that number of needlelike legs to charge them.
Kuroyukihime raised the sword of her right leg and set her sights on the
eyeball closest to her left. “Death By Bashing!”
So fast it was undetectable to even herself, her right leg shot out a

flurry of kicks. The instant the eyeball came into contact with the effect
range for the series of blows—a hundred per second—it exploded in a
burst of red light.
The tip of her left leg jammed into the floor as a fulcrum,
Kuroyukihime spun around to the right. The storm of kicks flowed with
her, leaving a gray afterimage, and knocked one attacking eyeball after
another flying. The ISS kits had thrown the Accelerated World into chaos
with their overwhelming power, but the individual terminals were unable
to use the two Incarnate attacks, leaving them with no method of fighting
other than trying to touch an avatar to parasitize them.
Kuroyukihime’s special attack destroyed seven of the eyeballs, and the
last one was finished off by Fuko skewering it with a sharp heel. Sky
Raker’s specialty was flowing palm strikes, but even Strong Arm was
apparently reluctant to crush them with her bare hands.
The dozen terminals the main body had produced were all destroyed in
less than ten seconds, but given that the ISS kits should have been simple
Enhanced Armaments in the system, that they could move on their own
like that at all was incredible. There was the precedent of an Enhanced
Armament with its own independent will in the Armor of Catastrophe, but
even that fearsome armor couldn’t act on its own; it absolutely required a
host. What exactly were these ISS kits? How on earth had the Acceleration
Research Society produced such an object?
Struck once again by questions, Kuroyukihime pulled herself back into
the present moment. “Beat down the main body before any new eyeballs
come out! Ready for all-out attack!” In this situation, all-out meant a full
attack using everything the Incarnate System had to offer them.
The reckless use of Incarnate attacks in the Unlimited Neutral Field
drew in large Enemies, but there was no need to worry about that on the
forty-fifth floor of a skyscraper. And although there was the risk of being
swallowed up by the sense of omnipotence when using Incarnate attacks
on other Burst Linkers—the forbidden delight of striking enemies down
with overwhelming power could drag the user down into the dark side of
the Incarnate—that wasn’t much of an issue here, either, given that their
opponent was a soulless eyeball.
The four Burst Linkers colored the marble floor with their various
overlays and waited for the moment to launch their attack.
Kuroyukihime took a deep breath to shout Here we go but was
interrupted by the somehow languid voice of an M-type duel avatar

flowing across the deserted floor.
“Merciless as always. Looks like you haven’t changed. I’m glad.
Seriously.”
“Who’s there?!” Kuroyukihime barked, instead of giving the signal to
attack.
Any number of large pillars littered this floor, which was a hotel lobby
in the real world. Not only were there plenty of places to hide, but the
voice reverberated in complicated ways, making it hard to pinpoint the
source of the sound.
Regardless, Kuroyukihime knew. The voice was coming from the ISS
kit main body.
But her instinct turned out to be only half right.
Chik, chak. She heard the hard sound of footsteps, and a duel avatar
stepped out from behind the massive eyeball.
The kit terminals had been running in all directions around the main
body, which meant that the owner of the voice would naturally have been
within their reaction range, and yet, the person hadn’t attacked him. So she
had to assume he was an ISS kit user equipped with a terminal—in other
words, an enemy. In which case, they should immediately beat him back
with all their might and destroy him together with the main body.
This was the judgment handed down by reason, but the instant she set
eyes on the foot of the avatar that first appeared from the shadow of the
eyeball, that reasonable decision flew right out of her head.
Long-boot armor encasing his feet. Notched spurs stretching out from
the heel. And the coloring of both was so pure that it could be compared to
nothing else.
Red. So red.
“…It can’t. Be…”
Was it Fuko who spoke or Akira or Utai? The same words tried to
escape Kuroyukihime’s throat, but her avatar’s mouth was completely
frozen in place.
Chak. Chak. Chak. The spurred boots echoed against the floor three
more times before stopping.
Leaning his left shoulder against the brain-like external skin of the ISS
kit main body, the M-type duel avatar brought his right hand to the brim of
his ten-gallon hat. “Hey there. Been a while, Lotus.”

In her completely numbed mind, Kuroyukihime heard a cracked voice
spill from her own mouth.
“Red King…Red Rider…”

3
“Chiyutaku, wh-what are you doing here?!”
It was the most common of Burst Linker common sense to never use
any form of address in the Accelerated World that could lead to being
identified in the real world, even if no one else was around, but Haruyuki’s
shock was so great that he ended up shouting the real names of his
childhood friends twice.
“It’s obvious, Crow.” Lime Bell, still settled on top of Cyan Pile,
flashed her eye lenses at him. “We came with Pard to help you.”
“Well, to be honest,” Pile said from below her, “we were actually
chasing Argon Array.”
“Pard? Argon?” Haruyuki whirled his head around. But no matter how
he searched the deserted hall, he could spot neither Blood Leopard nor
Argon Array. And when he replayed his memory of a few seconds earlier,
it had been just Pile and Bell who tumbled out of the shadow corridor. “It
looks like it’s just you guys here, though…”
“What?!” Chiyuri leapt down from Takumu’s back and whirled her
head around. “Huh? Weird…I don’t know about Argon, but we jumped
into the hole with Pard. She was right there with us while we were
moving.”
Following her to his feet, Takumu also let his eyes race around the
room. “What is this place anyway?”
“I’m not exactly sure myself, but I think it’s probably the headquarters
of the Acceleration Research Society.” Haruyuki had gotten this far when
the pure-white 3-D icon floated out from behind him.
“You are free to exchange information, but does there not exist a task
with a higher priority at present?” it said, phosphorescence flashing
intermittently.
“Huh? Oh! R-right!” Haruyuki cried hurriedly, looking at the stairs
leading up on the other side of the hall. He had skidded to a halt at the

sudden appearance of Chiyuri and Takumu, but this was not the time for
lazy conversation. He had to catch up with Black Vise, who had passed
through there minutes earlier, as soon as possible and take Niko back.
“Crow, what’s that little thing?” Cocking her head curiously to one
side, Chiyuri reached out a hand to touch the icon, but Haruyuki quickly
grabbed it. From their reaction, it appeared his friends couldn’t hear the
icon’s voice. And he couldn’t even begin to anticipate their reaction if he
told them that the floating icon was actually the Legend-class Enemy
Metatron.
“I’ll explain that as we go,” he said simply, starting to move again.
“What’s more important right now is that Black Vise went up those stairs a
little while ago. Still holding on to Rain.”
“You should’ve said so!” Chiyuri shouted, grabbing Haruyuki’s arm in
turn and yanking it as she began to run.
Silent once more, the 3-D icon floated off to Haruyuki’s right, while to
his left, Takumu considered the situation as he got his feet moving.
“I think the shadow road that I, Bell, Pard, and Argon went through
was created by Black Vise in advance. He might have underground
passages set up in places that will always be in shadow, no matter how the
attributes of the Unlimited Neutral Field change—like under expressways
or train bridges, so-called eternal shadows. In which case, it wouldn’t be
strange if they branched along the way or something.”
“So you’re saying Pard and Argon went into another corridor at some
fork?” Haruyuki asked.
“It’s at best a possibility.” Takumu cocked his head ever so slightly.
“But even supposing they had, I expect the majority of the corridors lead
to the headquarters. So Pard would have appeared somewhere in this
building and could be looking for the Red King right now. I think if we go
after Vise, we’ll meet up with her at some point.”
“Good point. If Pard were here, she’d tell us to forget about finding her
and focus on rescuing Rain,” Haruyuki said, nodding deeply.
Chiyuri, who had run ahead, looked back for a second. “You’ve got no
proof of that! C’mon! Hurry!”
The three level-five Burst Linkers and one (part of a) Legend-class
Enemy raced up the stairs that stretched out on the other side of the hall.
The marble staircase was unexpectedly long. There was a landing every
twenty flights—where the stairs would turn back the other way and go up

another twenty flights—but no matter how many switchbacks they passed
through, they never made it to the next floor. Haruyuki and his friends
were reminded of the emergency stairs of the tower condo they lived in,
but unlike their condo, none of the landings had doors, so they had no
choice but to keep running up.
As a general rule, buildings in the Unlimited Neutral Field replicated
the structure of the building existing in the same coordinates in the real
world, but could such a long stairwell actually exist? In skyscrapers, there
would be a door at every landing, and even with an exceedingly tall tower
like the old Tokyo Tower, there’d at least be a vertical hole dug deep into
the ground…Considering this with half his mind, Haruyuki listened to his
childhood friends chat with the other half.
“That reminds me, Pile. That special attack you used back there to yank
open the entrance to the shadow corridor—you just get it?” Chiyuri asked.
“That’s the first time I’ve seen it.”
“Oh no.” Takumu scratched the back of his head. “That was my levelthree bonus, so I got it over a year ago now.”
“What? You should use it more, then! I mean, you made that huge hole
in the ground—it’s gotta be pretty great for attacking, right?”
“Yeah, I’ve known that since I got it…But it can only be launched
perpendicular to the ground, so it’s hard to find a place to use it. I’ve
basically only used it to strike the final blow on a defeated enemy. But the
motion before activation’s pretty long, so sometimes, they manage to
dodge it. And then, I end up stuck with the drill in the ground, and the
timer runs out. Lots of that…”
“Hmm. Too bad. It looks cool. And the name’s cool, too.”
That’s exactly the trap of special attacks, Haruyuki thought earnestly.
He had pushed all his level-up bonuses, including his current level-five
bonus, into enhancing his flight ability, but it would be a lie to say he
hadn’t felt some conflict each time. There was always one special attack in
the four bonus selections that appeared in the Instruct menu, and Haruyuki
had been seriously tempted by the attack motion displayed in silhouette
together with a technique name that would feel so good to call out. If his
beloved parent and master, Kuroyukihime, hadn’t taught him otherwise, he
might have succumbed to this temptation once or twice, or even three or
four times.
Takumu had once briefly told him it had been on his parent’s
instruction that he pick special attacks for his bonuses from level two

through four. But his parent hadn’t guided him the way Kuroyukihime
guided Haruyuki, making him think things through himself, realize the
correct way, and make a choice. Instead, he had given orders heedless of
Takumu’s hesitations and deaf to his cries of protest. Haruyuki didn’t want
to speak ill of his friend’s parent, but privately, he thought you couldn’t
very well call that guidance.
On top of that, when Takumu was facing the danger of diminishing
points, instead of helping him, his parent had used him as a testing ground
for a backdoor program. In the end, he was investigated for his bad
behavior and departed the Accelerated World through the Blue King’s
Judgment Blow.
At the end of this story, Takumu had said, “I’m grateful to him for
choosing me as his child and opening the door to the Accelerated World
for me. Only learning special attacks, being seduced by the backdoor
program—the responsibility for all those choices is mine. But if I had to do
it all over again from the start…I can’t say I’ve never wondered…”
“It’s all still ahead of us, Taku.” Haruyuki dared to used his friend’s
real name as he took the stairs two at a time. “We can’t know how our duel
avatars will evolve until we’re high rankers. And when that special attack
of yours hits the bull’s-eye, it’s insanely strong. I’ve been hit with it
myself, so I can tell you that, for sure!” He remembered when that drill
had slammed him down during their first duel, from the roof of a five-story
hospital all the way to the first floor. He felt a wry smile leaking from the
slits in the face mask of the large avatar running to his left.
“You gotta let that go already. But if you say so, I’ll try to think up
more ways to use it.”
“Cool! Then, in the next Territories, let’s try a bunch of stuff, you and
me in combo!”
The first one to react to this proposal was surprisingly the icon floating
to his right—Archangel Metatron. “What is this ‘Territories’ you speak
of?”
“Huh? Um.” He opened his mouth to reply and then quickly closed it.
Chiyuri and Takumu couldn’t hear Metatron’s voice or telepathy or
whatever it was, so to them, it would look like it suddenly started
muttering to itself.
But Metatron appeared to have absolutely no interest in taking such
conditions into consideration. “Provide the requested information
immediately,” it pressed him imperiously.

“R-right! The T-Territories are when Legions fight one another for
control of Areas— Oh, a Legion is—”
“I know what it is. Hmm. So you mean to say that the little warriors
race around their meager domains in the lower field and fight?”
“W-well, I guess that’s basically it,” Haruyuki assented.
“Hey, Crow?” Chiyuri looked back at him suspiciously. “You
muttering to yourself there?”
“Oh, uh…”
But just then, fortunately—he supposed—a longed-for sight popped up
in his field of view. In the wall on the landing ahead, a square hole opened
a dark mouth.
“A-anyway, Bell, up ahead! Look!” Haruyuki indicated the direction of
progress with one hand.
“Hmm?” Chiyuri turned back and then shouted in relief. “Oh! Great!
An exit! I was starting to wonder if the map was caught in an infinite
loop.”
“I don’t even remember how many times the stairs turned,” Takumu
noted.
“Twenty-four times,” Metatron remarked in the voice only Haruyuki
could hear.
They sprinted up the remaining stairs, and Haruyuki, the first one on
what was apparently the twenty-fifth landing, pressed his back against the
wall next to the opening and checked out what lay ahead.
Just like on the lower level, a gloomy corridor stretched out in a
straight line. There was nothing moving as far as he could see, but it was
more than likely that a tamed Enemy was also patrolling up here. They
couldn’t just linger there, though. Black Vise would have come through
only a few minutes earlier carrying Niko.
Haruyuki was just the slightest bit more at ease now that he had been
able to join up with trusted comrades, and he focused himself once more
with a deep breath.
Niko, hang on. We’re definitely going to save you. And, Rin, keep
fighting just a little longer. When we get back to Midtown Tower, we’ll
destroy the ISS kit main body.
After thinking these thoughts very hard at the two of them, Haruyuki
gave rapid-fire instructions to his friends. “Tamed Enemies patrol this
building. If you sense one, let me know right away.”
“Leave it to me!”

“Roger!”
“I suppose.”
The last response was unexpected, although he told himself it was time
he got used to it already. “Okay, here we go!” he hissed.
Slipping through the square hole to step into the corridor, he ran as fast
as was possible while still keeping his guard up. After thirty meters, he
reached a corner that turned to the right, so he stopped for a moment and
felt for any presence ahead of him before leaping out.
A pale-orange light filled his eyes. The source of the light was several
long, horizontal windows on the left side of the long corridor. It wasn’t
sunlight pouring directly in, but rather the faint light of dusk reflected in
the cloudy sky falling diagonally from the windows onto the floor. There
were evenly spaced glass windows, along with large sliding doors, on the
opposite wall. It was supposedly the first time he’d set foot in this place,
and yet, he felt a curious déjà vu at this sight.
Chiyuri summed up the reason for this when she murmured briefly,
“Huh? Is this…a school?”
And truly, it was nothing other than a school hallway. The arrangement
of the windows and doors set in the wall to the right were clearly those of
classrooms. Disturbed at being yanked back from the headquarters of an
evil organization to such an everyday space, Haruyuki proceeded a few
cautious meters forward before peering into a window to the left.
On the other side of the transparent glass, he saw several large
buildings that, although temple-like in construction in keeping with the
Twilight stage, were completely unharmed. Behind these, an expanse of
half-destroyed ruins spread out, while far off in the distance, he could see a
slender tower rising up so high, it was nearly touching the sky.
“Is that maybe the old Tokyo Tower?” Haruyuki said.
“It looks like it.” Takumu peered through the window to his right.
“From the position of the sun and the size of the tower, this building’s
located to the southwest of the tower. Yeah…Maybe about two kilometers
away.”
Haruyuki tried to mentally overlay this measurement onto a map of
Tokyo, but he had absolutely no sense of the terrain on the south side of
the twenty-three wards. Even though he had been looking in this very
direction from the top of the old Tokyo Tower a few hours earlier, the
sense he got looking down from the sky versus up from the ground was
totally different.

“A school two kilometers southwest of Shiba Park,” Chiyuri muttered
faintly, now standing immediately to his left. “So then, that means— No
way…This place is maybe—”
But he didn’t get to hear the end of her sentence.
Thmmm. Thmmm. They all noticed the heavy echo approaching from
deep in the hallway at the same time. No mistake: It was the footfalls of
the knight-type Enemy he encountered in the basement. Since it hadn’t
overtaken them on the single set of stairs, it was probably another one of
the same type. Which meant that a silver crown to tame it would be set
into the Enemy’s head, and unless they destroyed that, Metatron wouldn’t
be able to deactivate it for them.
It wouldn’t be such a difficult job to destroy the crown now that there
were three of them, but they needed to avoid any battles they could.
Haruyuki put his right hand to the window in front of him and pushed
hard, wondering if they could just step outside temporarily.
But although the glass panel looked to be at best two or three
millimeters thick, it didn’t so much as crack—and just barely creaked. He
started to scratch his head at this—hard glass in the Twilight stage?—
before he saw the 3-D icon flash in exasperation, and he realized it with a
gasp. Just like the floors and walls on the basement level, the aboveground
part of the building was also completely protected through some unknown
mechanism.
Takumu followed suit and turned the Pile Driver of his right hand
toward the window, but Haruyuki stretched out a hand to stop him.
“This building’s indestructible—everywhere. Let’s try hiding in a room
and waiting for it to pass,” he said before realizing it was also possible that
the doors were locked.
But Chiyuri had already yanked open the sliding door on the other side
of the hallway. “Hurry up! Come on! It’s pretty close!”
Flicking his eyes down the corridor, beyond the weak light coming in
through the windows, he saw an enormous silhouette, so large as to very
nearly scrape the ceiling. Hurriedly, he dived into the room with Takumu
and closed the door behind them, careful not to make a sound.
An Enemy’s main enemy-detection method—although in this case,
“enemy” meant a duel avatar—differed from type to type. With beast
types, it was smell; bugs used vibrations; and there were even some types
that relentlessly targeted avatars within detection range using some
mysterious extra sense. But human-shaped Enemies basically relied on

sight and sound. In other words, if you hid behind something, stayed
perfectly still, and made no sound, you had a fairly decent chance of
making it through without a fight.
Similar to the hallway, the room inside the door was strongly
reminiscent of a school classroom. Of course, the stage didn’t go so far as
to re-create the teacher’s podium and lockers, but there was a neat
arrangement of six long marble desks. The three friends squeezed together
and hid among them, listening hard for the approaching footsteps.
Thmmm. Thmmm. The vibrations were on the verge of reaching the
classroom, and Haruyuki gulped, opening his eyes wide. Although Cyan
Pile even had managed to lay his bulk down flat and somehow tuck
himself in the shadow of a desk, the white 3-D icon was bobbing above
another one, totally exposed to the hallway through the window!
Instantly, Haruyuki reached out to snatch the icon down and hold it
beneath him.
“Insolence! Release your hand this instant!” Metatron’s rebuke was
shrill inside his head, but he held the icon tightly with both hands.
“Sorry, just be quiet for a second!” he whispered.
“Do you know who I am?! One pillar of the sacred four, and you dare
treat me like this! If I wasn’t a terminal, I would turn you—”
“I know! I know! We’ll do this later!”
As he was lost in restraining the icon, the regular footfalls stopped
abruptly. A massive silhouette blocked the orange light coming in through
the window, pitching the room into a gloom. Perhaps finding fault with
Haruyuki’s whispering, the knight Enemy was peering into the classroom.
It wouldn’t be able to fit its enormous body through the doorway even
if it did notice the intruders hiding in the classroom, but Haruyuki and his
friends had to get out into the hallway to go after Vise. Not only would a
showy fight on the upper floors likely call in even more Enemies, it would
push Niko’s rescue that much further away.
Go away, go away. Haruyuki didn’t know if his telepathic message was
received, but the knight Enemy pulled itself back up soon enough and
resumed walking. Its heavy footsteps moved slowly from right to left, and
when it turned back at the south corner, it passed by the classroom once
again and departed toward the north from whence it had come.
The footsteps finally faded, and Haruyuki relaxed his hands, letting out
a sigh of relief. Instantly, the 3-D icon, having quickly escaped his grasp,
began flickering ferociously.

“Remember this. You shall pay for this insolent behavior for a
thousand years. Swear that you will obey my every order during this time
as my servant. Otherwise—”
“Fine, got it. I swear.” He glanced to one side and met the eyes of
Chiyuri and Takumu, dubious expressions on their faces.
“Crow, just explain it already,” Chiyuri demanded. “What exactly is
this bug thing?”
“Bug?! Insults upon insults! I cannot endure this any longer!”
What exactly am I supposed to do here? Haruyuki swallowed a sigh as
he shook his head.
And then Takumu abruptly opened his arms wide and embraced
Haruyuki and Chiyuri—before pushing them down with a force that
brooked no argument.
“Haru! Chi! Hide!”
“Wh-what’s wrong? The Enemy’s not back yet.”
“Not the hallway. Outside the window!”
Takumu’s whisper was extremely strained, and spurred on by this
tension, Haruyuki looked back, still crouching, to peer out the window on
the east side of the classroom.
On the other side of the glass was something like a central courtyard,
enclosed on all four sides by the chalky temple—a school building. It was
more than double the size of the courtyard at Umesato Junior High; each
side was probably fifty meters long. The ground was covered in white
marble tiles, and there were no decorative objects other than where the
ground gradually rose up in the center like an altar. The only entrance was
the large arch on the south side of the school building.
And under that arch, a lone silhouette had just appeared, moving as
though oozing through. It wasn’t another knight; it was a jet-black avatar
—much smaller but still emitting an unfathomable sense of presence. The
peculiar figure, dozens of thin panels overlapping to take on a human
form, could be none other than Black Vise. He had gone around the
basement of the school from the south and just arrived at the courtyard.
Which meant this was Vise’s final destination.
Vise’s layered arms held the still-unconscious crimson avatar. The
instant Haruyuki saw the battered Niko, an incandescent fury burst into
flames in his heart once more. He tried to shake off Takumu’s arm and
charge toward the window, but his childhood friend firmly held his
shoulder down.

“You can’t just go charging in there recklessly, Haru!” he whispered
urgently.
“This school’s indestructible, right?!” Chiyuri chided him. “You can’t
break the window!”
This was unfortunately correct. Haruyuki could throw his whole body
at it, but the glass window separating the courtyard and the classroom
wouldn’t so much as twitch. The only thing he’d accomplish doing that
was to tell Vise where they were hiding, free of charge.
“But,” Haruyuki said, his hoarse voice burning with impatience, “we
don’t have time to go all the way to the south arch!”
The Red King is scheduled to leave the Accelerated World today.
That was what Vise had told Haruyuki in the basement. It wasn’t clear
exactly how he was going to push her to total point loss, but that “process”
might be starting in minutes or even seconds, if their luck was bad. Even
knowing there was a 99.9 percent chance he would be repelled, he had no
other options. His only chance was to charge at the window at full power
and wager on that slim 0.01 percent—
“Calm yourself, little bird.” The voice echoed in his mind and cooled
Haruyuki’s mind like a splash of cold water. “How many times will you
make me repeat myself? Now that you have become my servant, I would
have you reconsider your rash actions.”
“B-but there’s no time!”
“Stop. Listen to me.” The small icon floated up right before his helmet
and flashed strongly, as though scolding Haruyuki.
He hung his head and glanced out the window. The layered avatar was
headed toward the altar at the center of the courtyard, not hurrying but at a
measured pace. Turning his gaze back to the icon, Haruyuki said as fast as
he could, “Fine. Could you talk in a voice so they can hear you, too?”
“It is unpleasant for me to align with those who cannot recognize my
voice in compression mode, but I suppose I have no choice. Are you
prepared? For you, it is a fortuitous event occurring only once in a
thousand years to be able to hear my normal-mode voice.” The 3-D icon
expressed some dissatisfaction Haruyuki was hard-pressed to understand
before it dimmed its pure-white light very slightly. The voice that came
next was not in Haruyuki’s head, but his ears.
“The reason this structure is equipped with nonstandard strength”—
here, Takumu and Chiyuri recoiled, stunned, but Metatron paid them no
mind—“is most likely that the entire structure is set with prioritized owner

privileges by some who are little warriors like you.”
“What?!” Takumu said immediately, apparently having decided to
postpone the question of the icon’s true identity. “So do you mean to say
this is…a player home?” His tone was on the polite side, maybe because
he unconsciously picked up on Metatron’s information pressure.
Chiyuri, however, sounded the same as always. “No! Way! This
gigantic school?! The whole thing?!”
Half a second later, Haruyuki also went through the process of
consideration → understanding → shock, and his eyes flew open
impossibly wide beneath his goggles.
Player homes in the Unlimited Neutral Field—such as Sky Raker’s
Fufuan standing on the top of the old Tokyo Tower—were indeed given
the attribute of indestructibility. But as far as Haruyuki knew, player
homes only existed in remote areas, and the standard for size was at best
about two rooms plus a kitchen. He’d never even heard of someone
owning a building the size of a school. If that was allowed, then
Kuroyukihime would have long ago bought Umesato Junior High,
wouldn’t she?
But given that Metatron was, in a certain sense, the ruler of the
Unlimited Neutral Field, Haruyuki doubted it was wrong. And if it was a
player home, then unassailable strength of the walls and windows made
sense.
“If this is a player home, then is there a way to slip through the wall?”
Haruyuki asked, deciding to trust Metatron.
The Enemy with its own will stunned the three Burst Linkers once
again. “You little warriors have the power to interfere with the way of this
world, I believe.”
“Interfere…with the way…You mean the Incarnate System?”
“I do not know the name of the power. To us Beings, it is recognized
with a singular sound, and thus, I do not care for it that much. But the only
method to destroy the configuration of this structure is likely to use that
power.”
The precise meaning of singular sound was unclear, but just as
Metatron noted, the Incarnate System had the power to “overwrite”
phenomena in the Accelerated World. On the subtler side, overwriting
could correct an attack that couldn’t connect or fix an Enhanced
Armament that couldn’t move, but there were also more incredible
techniques, like reducing the health gauges of the locked Gallery or sealing

away other people’s memories.
But if you were trying to overturn critical rules, then naturally, you
needed an equally powerful imagination. The protection of player homes
was so absolute they were more durable than even the ground of the field;
a half-hearted Incarnate attack wouldn’t even scratch its walls.
But they had no choice. They had to break down the wall separating the
classroom and the courtyard in order to save Niko.
Haruyuki made his decision. “Got it.” He clenched his right hand into a
tight fist.
“Haru,” Takumu said, his arm still draped around Haruyuki’s back, in
unison with Chiyuri on Haruyuki’s other side.
But then they both nodded firmly back at him.
“I’ll help,” Takumu said simply.
“Please,” Haruyuki replied, lifting his head just a little from his
crouched position to look out at the courtyard.
Having just arrived in the center, Black Vise was setting Scarlet Rain
down on the square altar. They didn’t have a second to spare. Still keeping
himself low, Haruyuki approached the wall beneath the window and
brought his fingertips to touch the white marble.
Takumu stepped up beside him and grabbed the pile sticking out of the
Enhanced Armament of his right arm with his left hand. “Cyan Blade.”
As he quietly called the technique name, he pulled the pile out.
Sheathed in a blue overlay, it transformed into a large blade. Takumu
pressed the tip of the Incarnate sword, still badly damaged from the fierce
fight with Magenta Scissor, against the wall right next to Haruyuki’s
fingers and nodded.
“Let’s do this.” Haruyuki gave the signal quietly, then concentrated
every bit of imagination he could muster into his right hand. And shouted,
“Laser Sword!!” The silver gleam that jetted from his fingertips slammed
against the wall, sending dazzling sparks flying.
“Aaaaah!” Takumu added his own sharp battle cry, and the Incarnate
sword plunged into the wall. Bolts of blue lightning shot from the tip and
melted into Haruyuki’s overlay, coloring the entire classroom with a paleblue light.
At this point, Black Vise appeared to notice the unusual phenomenon.
And there was a very good chance that the knight Enemy that had gone off
to the north in the hallway would return, drawn in by the singular sound of
the Incarnate techniques. They were in a fight against time.

Go. Through! Haruyuki prayed, focusing his will to the limit.
In the four basic types of Incarnate System techniques, Haruyuki’s
Laser Sword was classed as a Range Expansion type, while Takumu’s
Cyan Blade was an Attack Power Expansion technique. Although both had
improved in terms of activation speed, power, and range compared with
when they first learned them, neither technique yet began to even compare
with a high ranker’s second quadrant Incarnate technique. If Black Lotus
or Ardor Maiden had been there, they might have instantly pulverized—or
melted—the wall and opened up a path. But they were off fighting
somewhere else toward the same goal as Haruyuki and his friends.
Up until that point, no matter what kind of tight spot he’d found
himself in, he’d always been saved by Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Utai, Akira,
Niko, or Pard. Somewhere in his heart, he’d depended on the sense of
security that came from having such reliable, experienced Burst Linkers by
his side. But inevitably, the time would come when he would have to step
out from under his parents’ wings and take off in flight, when he would
have to stand on his own two feet to confront an enormous problem.
He was sure that time was now.
“Unh…Ah! Aaaaaaaah!!”
His entire imagination, so white-hot it very nearly burned up his soul,
was concentrated in the single point of the tips of the outstretched fingers
of his right hand. The words “go through” had even evaporated at some
point, and he was overflowing with nothing but a silver torrent produced
by the depths of his mind. The overlay in his right hand slammed up
against the hard wall, compressed to become the smallest star, and shone.
“Nngh…aaaaah!” Takumu squeezed a battle cry from deep inside and
tried to pierce the wall with the Incarnate sword he gripped in both hands.
One flash of lightning—then another—shot off from the point of contact,
crashing into walls and desks and ceiling, an infinity of sparks scattering.
The marble wall under Incarnate attack resisted the pressure and shook
violently. Two concentric circles of light that were the violet color of the
system spread out on the surface of the wall and lapped against the
window and the floor. But the wall remained stubbornly intact.
If the thought that their task was an impossible one so much as crossed
his mind, then that would become the reality. So Haruyuki had no
intention of releasing his focus on his image, even if it did burn his entire
soul away. The edges of his field of view started to turn white, the roaring
that filled the classroom receded, and he even started to lose his sense of

oneness with his avatar.
“Unh…Waaaaaaah!!” The higher pitch of a third voice rang out behind
him, and the light of a third color lit up the world. The torrent of vivid,
fresh green light pushed between Haruyuki and Takumu and crashed into
the wall: Lime Bell’s. But he hadn’t heard her shout the name of a special
attack. Which meant that this green light was not a normal light effect, but
rather overlay—the miraculous light produced by the Incarnate System.
Chiyuri can’t use the Incarnate System, so why—? The thought was a
momentary spark and disappeared. Haruyuki once again mustered up all
the imagination he had—the very last of it.
Silver, blue, and yellow-green light melted into one another to take on
the clear color of the sky; this torrent smashed through the system-colored
firewall. A single, minute crack raced across it, then a second, then a third.
A noise like a hammer hitting hard metal, powerfully loud—a sound
Haruyuki had never heard before—rang in his ears, and then the wall
smashed into pieces.
Haruyuki felt his consciousness start to fade, perhaps a reaction to
pushing his mental powers past his limit. But before he could collapse, a
yellow-green avatar flopped onto him from behind, so he stretched out a
hand to stop her. Takumu lifted his left hand at the same time, and the two
kept Lime Bell from crumpling to the floor.
He stopped moving for a mere instant from the sense of achievement at
smashing a wall protected by the system and the shock of Chiyuri
somehow activating the Incarnate System.
“The wall will close! Hurry and go through it!” Metatron chastised
inside his brain, kick-starting Haruyuki’s mind again.
His wide eyes caught sight of a purple light shining on the inside of the
two-meter hole in the marble wall. Semitransparent cubes shimmering
with the system color took shape as objects, aligning themselves, trying to
fill in the hole.
After exchanging a look with Takumu, Haruyuki got a firmer grip on
Chiyuri’s arm as he kicked at the floor. They dived into the hole in the
wall headfirst, and while it was a little tight, the three managed to slip
through and tumbled out into the courtyard about half a meter or so below.
The wall was rapidly plugged up, and a second after the 3-D icon
passed through it with room to spare, it closed over completely with a
bright Klink! As the hole was on the verge of disappearing, Haruyuki felt
like he could hear the footsteps of the knight Enemy running back down

the hallway, but there was no need to worry about that anymore. And he
didn’t have the mental energy for it, either.
Because when he lifted his head, twenty meters ahead of Haruyuki
stood the figure of Black Vise, in what was to be their third encounter of
the day. And on the altar immediately in front of the layered avatar lay a
crimson girl.
I’m not letting you get away. I will take Niko back.
That resolution became high-temperature flames that flickered to life in
every nook and cranny of his avatar, and Haruyuki’s exhaustion receded at
once.
“Pile, look out for Bell,” he murmured quietly, entrusting the halfconscious Chiyuri to their mutual friend before slowly standing up. Tightly
clenching both hands into fists, he took one step, then another forward.
“Black Vise!!”
The angry roar came from the depths of Haruyuki’s heart, but the
layered avatar didn’t bother to turn toward him. He merely raised his right
hand, as if insisting Haruyuki wait a moment.
Spurred on by fresh rage, he took another step forward. Then all the
thin panels that made up Vise’s left arm dropped away soundlessly and
were absorbed into the ground. Haruyuki reflexively took a defensive
position, but he was not the target. The panels appeared on the altar in the
shape of a black cross, crucifying the Red King.
The instant he saw Niko, both arms forced outward, helmet lolling
forward, and a rage several orders of magnitude greater than anything he
had felt up to that point erupted inside him, coloring his field of view a
pale red.
A long, long time ago, Haruyuki had seen a duel avatar held captive in
exactly the same position. It wasn’t his own memory, but a dream he’d had
twelve days earlier inside the Castle after he’d charged inside with Utai. A
cross stood at the bottom of an Enemy’s craterlike nest—an F-type Burst
Linker held captive against it. Black Vise, Argon Array, and one other
person whose name and form he didn’t know used a snake-type Enemy to
kill the crucified girl over and over and over.
The Enhanced Armament that had shown Haruyuki this dream, the
Disaster—aka the Armor of Catastrophe—had already been purified, split
up, and laid to rest for an eternal sleep in a corner of the Unlimited Neutral
Field. But that didn’t mean all the memories the Armor had given
Haruyuki had disappeared. And one of those memories he would never,

ever forget was the execution of this girl—Saffron Blossom.
The vision of the extremely cruel Unlimited EK overlapped with the
figure of Niko hanging from the cross before his eyes, and Haruyuki was
filled with an incandescent fury.
“Viiiiiiiice!” Pushing a hoarse voice through his gritted teeth, Haruyuki
was about to kick violently at the ground to propel himself forward, but he
yanked himself to a stop.
No. Don’t give yourself to anger. Anger’s not a bad thing. But if you’re
swallowed up by a single emotion, you’ll only be able to see a single thing.
I’ve failed like that so many times before. But today, right now at least,
you cannot fail. I’m not here to defeat Black Vise. I’m here to get Niko
back.
Haruyuki took a deep breath and let it out. The flames of rage were
compressed into a crimson crystal in his heart. The heat it emitted became
a hazy overlay in his hands.
“You’re giving Rain back now, Black Vise,” he called in a measured
tone.
The layered avatar turned for the first time, watching Haruyuki. The
many thin panels of his face had neither eyes nor mouth, but it managed to
express emotion nonetheless.
“Oh-ho,” Vise replied, voice calm. “It seems you really are a little
different from before, hmm? I’m also a tad surprised you were somehow
able to make such a large hole in the wall of our castle. Although, it did
apparently take three of you to do it. Even still, I think there aren’t too
many high rankers who could do such a thing. Aah, I’ve underestimated
you.”
In point of fact, if the 3-D icon floating directly behind Haruyuki—
Archangel Metatron—hadn’t declared in its usual curt way that that was
the only choice, Haruyuki probably wouldn’t have been able to focus his
imagination that intently, so it had actually taken four to do it. But there
was no need to blurt that out like an idiot.
“‘Our castle.’” He ignored Vise’s faint praise and picked out one idea
to pursue. “That’s what you said. So then, this building—no, school—is
the headquarters of your Society. I can see the old Tokyo Tower over
there, so it shouldn’t be too hard to dig up the name of the school in the
real world. That said, I wouldn’t go so far as a real-world PK. But. I
wouldn’t hesitate to attack on your local net.”
“Well, well, well, how dashing you sound. Indeed, it is my own error

that allowed three uninvited guests to come all the way here. For future
reference, would you tell me how you slipped past the guard in the
basement? Or should I not ask?”
“You shouldn’t. I have no intention of giving you one more piece of
information. I wouldn’t even give you a single burst point. Nor, of course,
the Red King,” Haruyuki stated quietly, thrusting his fist—still wrapped in
silver light—at the jet-black avatar. “This is where you and I settle things.”
“Oh my! How frightful!” Black Vise sounded completely unalarmed,
as usual, and shrugged his left shoulder lightly; the arm below it was
broken up into the cross at the moment. “But, you see, Crow, that’s such a
brave speech—but wrong in just one way.”
“And what’s that?”
“You really must say not ‘you,’ but ‘all of you.’” Vise took a soft step
back.
A short warning buzzer sounded in his mind. A moment before he
heard Takumu shout “Crow!” from behind, before the air of the courtyard
shook with the sharp sound of vibration, Haruyuki reflexively yanked his
arm down in front of his face.
A ray of bright, reddish-purple light shot down at him at an angle. He
caught this with the light-conducting crystal in the armor of his forearm—
the Optical Conduction ability—and bounced it toward the ground before
once again looking up into the sky on the south side of the courtyard.
There on the roof of the school building was, as he’d expected, a duel
avatar wearing a large hat out of balance with her slender body—the Quad
Eyes Analyst, Argon Array. In the battle royale three days earlier, he’d
been essentially defenseless against the lasers she shot simultaneously
from the lenses on her hat and the goggles that were her eyes, and his
avatar had been riddled with holes. And even now, if he’d turned himself
over to his rage and narrowed his field of view, the surprise attack would
have been impossible for him to defend against.
But this was the third time he’d seen her lasers. As long as he noticed
the halo of light filling her lenses right before she fired them, his body now
remembered how long it took for them to reach him. And he’d been on
guard against a sniper attack in one corner of his mind ever since he heard
that Takumu, Chiyuri, and Pard had jumped into the shadow corridor with
Argon.
“Well done reacting in advance of my own warning,” Metatron said in
its compressed voice.

Haruyuki asked it to please say it in words next time before lowering
his arm and glaring at the analyst-cum-sniper. “Come down, Argon! Or
else I’ll reflect your laser at you next!”
To be honest, he’d only just learned Optical Conduction, and he wasn’t
exactly confident he could control the direction of reflection with 100
percent accuracy. But Argon’s shock at him escaping her laser scot-free
when it had nearly destroyed him three days earlier must have been quite
large.
“No long-distance type here gonna beat me down!” she replied, voice
tense and lacking her usual cool grin. “’Least, that’s what I’d like to
say…” She glanced over her shoulder.
“You never give up! You’re more canine than feline!” she shouted,
skipping down from the roof. She somersaulted lightly in midair and stuck
the landing from a height of three floors up, then dashed to the side of
Black Vise in front of the altar. “Yo, Vi! You said this job’s a piece o’
cake, just do a little backup an’ then run! So why’s it this superior hassle
now, huh?!”
“Oh no, it’s not a hassle at all. I’ll toss in a little extra remuneration for
you, so I would indeed appreciate you doing one more job.”
“O’ course you will! This ain’t worth it ’less you pony up two—no,
three times what you offered!”
Listening with half his mind to this back-and-forth between the
executive team of the ARS, Haruyuki turned the other half of his attention
to the school roof on the south side. His expectation—or maybe hope—
soon became reality. A silent silhouette appeared against the backdrop of
the twilight sky.
He didn’t need to see the triangular, pointed ears or the long tail
stretching out from the backside to know that this was Bloody Kitty—aka
Blood Leopard. Although she had leapt into the shadow corridor with
Takumu and Chiyuri, she had ended up on a separate branch somewhere
along the journey but still managed to chase Argon all this way. To carry
out the instruction Haruyuki called out to her before taking off at Midtown
Tower: “Pard, chase down Argon.”
Apparently, it wasn’t possible to pursue a powerful enemy like Argon
and remain uninjured; Leopard was holding her left shoulder with her
hand, but the instant her amber eyes turned to the center of the courtyard, a
fierce roar erupted from her leopard’s mouth, as though her pain had been
forgotten. Now that she’d seen Niko pinned to the black cross, it looked

like Leopard, crouched low, was going to leap from the roof and charge
the altar. But perhaps controlling herself just barely, she leapt straight
down the way Argon had and moved over to the east side of the courtyard
where Haruyuki and his friends were encamped.
“Sorry for the wait,” she said. Up close, Pard’s deep crimson armor
showed traces of being pierced by lasers in several places besides her
shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Pard,” Haruyuki replied, once again feeling the weight of
the emotion in her brief utterances. “I still haven’t been able to get Rain
back.”
“NP. We won’t let them go any farther.” Her tone was restrained, but
the resolve within Leopard became a radiant heat that warmed Haruyuki’s
armor. Perhaps the heat was transmitted to the two in the rear; Takumu and
Chiyuri—albeit supported from behind—both stood and took up position
to Haruyuki’s right.
Black Vise—holding Scarlet Rain captive on the altar’s cross—and
Argon Array to his left. Lined up near the eastern wall of the school
building: Cyan Pile, Lime Bell, Silver Crow, and Blood Leopard.
The two level-eight Burst Linkers and the other group of four—
composed of one level eight and three level fives—faced one another
silently for a moment. Breaking the tension-filled silence was a seventh
person—the 3-D icon floating behind Haruyuki.
“It seems that it would be best for me to return to your back, hmm?”
The compressed voice—which somehow communicated a speech of any
length to Haruyuki in a mere fraction of a second—echoed in his mind.
Please, Haruyuki replied similarly with his thoughts, though
unconsciously. They still haven’t noticed you here. I feel like you’re going
to be the trump card in this fight.
“Naturally. However, once I become wings again, we will no longer be
able to have this sort of two-way communication. You alone must control
the power given to you with your own resourcefulness. Fight with your full
might, so as not to disappoint me.”
G-got it. I’m counting on the wing attack—I mean, Ektenia…Seriously,
thanks, Metatron. For helping me.
“…Foolish one. Save such words for after you have successfully
rescued your comrade.”
The cool voice hadn’t yet faded in his mind when he heard the light
ringing of a bell, and the display in the left side of his field of view once

again indicated that an Enhanced Armament was equipped. Metatron had
materialized folded up on his back just like his own wings, and he felt a
modest, yet reassuring weight there.
He took a deep breath, concentrating his willpower deep in his belly,
before turning toward his fated, bitter enemies. “I’ll rephrase then. This is
where we settle things with the two of you.”
Vise and Argon glanced at each other and chuckled. Stepping up to
speak on both of their behalves was the “you” who had corrected Haruyuki
before, Vise: “My apologies, Crow. And after you went to the trouble of
correcting yourself. I wonder if I could ask you to correct once more the
‘two of you’ bit.”
“…Is one of you planning on running?”
“Ha-ha! Not likely! Just the opposite.” Vise threw his right arm out
theatrically. “There is simply one more of us, you see.”
In the next instant, an enormous dirt cloud rose up between the two
encampments. A roar assaulted their ears, and a shock wave pushed
toward them so that Haruyuki and his friends unconsciously pulled back.
“What?!” Takumu shouted. “A long-distance attack?!”
“No,” Haruyuki replied, looking straight up. “Something just fell from
the sky!”
From the explosive impact, the thing had to have fallen from a height
of over a hundred meters. But there was nothing in the sky of the Twilight
stage besides the thin orange clouds, so something flying at high altitudes
hadn’t dropped an object on them. In which case, had the fallen object
made it up into the sky on its own power and come crashing down? What
on earth could…?
Holding his breath, Haruyuki waited for the dust to clear. Finally, the
wind blowing across the field gradually dissipated the fine particulate
effect.
It wasn’t a thing. Crouching on the marble tile was a human being—a
duel avatar, its body curled up as tightly as possible, arms wrapped around
both legs. The armor was a sober gray, and the head was tucked in so
Haruyuki couldn’t see the face mask. He assumed this was the “one more
of us” Vise was talking about, but there were still two things he couldn’t
get his head around.
One was why the avatar didn’t get hit with falling damage and die after
crashing into the ground at that incredible speed. And the other was how a
single duel avatar made it that high up in the first place. As far as Haruyuki

knew, there were only two duel avatars who could ascend beyond a
hundred meters under their own power. One was “Strong Arm” Sky Raker.
And the other was, of course, him, Silver Crow. But the multitude of sharp
edges covering the curled-up avatar was a far cry from Raker’s elegant
flowing design.
Hold on. Haruyuki had very recently witnessed one other duel avatar
who could “fly.” Four days earlier, on Wednesday, the final stages of a
normal duel in Nakano Area No. 2. His opponent had ripped off Silver
Crow’s right arm and digested it, which allowed the avatar to temporarily
reproduce the flight ability and fly.
“No…way.” Haruyuki muttered hoarsely.
Perhaps hearing these words, the duel avatar a dozen meters ahead of
him unfolded its tightly bound arms and legs and slowly began to stand up.
The evening sun, falling on the courtyard through the windows on the
western side of the school building, reflected off the level surface of the
main body of the armor, giving rise to a sharp shine.
Metallic armor—a metal color. Even from this distance, he could
clearly see the overwhelming density and hardness of the unusual texture,
and there was no longer any doubt. That was the tungsten armor assessed
by Magenta Blade as being the hardest in the Accelerated World.
Haruyuki stared at the backlit face mask patterned after a wolf’s maw
as it was slowly raised and shouted the avatar’s name.
“Wolfram…Cerberus…!”

4
Kuroyukihime had tried any number of times to remember what
specifically she had thought and felt in that moment.
The first meeting of the Seven Kings in the Accelerated World held
two years and ten months earlier, August 2044. On this occasion, the Red
King, Red Rider, pleading for a truce among the seven Great Legions, had
turned to the Black King and said If we ever meet in the real world, I could
be friends with you. Totally. Actually, I want to be!
This could also have sounded like a tentative push beyond the
friendship that bound the young kings as Burst Linkers, depending on who
was listening.
Hey, Rider! The first to react had been the Purple King, Purple Thorn—
who was closest with Rider at the time. You think I’m just gonna let that
go?!
N-no, that’s not it. I didn’t mean it like that…Ah, crap.
The Blue King, Blue Knight, and the White King, White Cosmos, had
laughed at this, and even the Yellow King, Yellow Radio, managed a few
chuckles. Only the Green King, Green Grandé, had stopped at simply
allowing his thick armor to creak slightly. In this venue of an amicable
battle royale field, Kuroyukihime had thought it was possible that the two
were parent and child.
The Seven Kings, once called the Pure Colors, were the masters of the
seven Great Legions and all veterans who had been fighting since the
dawn of the Accelerated World. But that didn’t mean they were all
Originators, the initial hundred players. Naturally, Kuroyukihime, the child
of White Cosmos, was not; and she wasn’t certain, but there was a good
chance that the White King herself was likewise not an Originator. She’d
heard that the hundred people who received the BB program from the
mysterious developer had started grade one in April 2039—in other words,
children born in the year 2032, the same year as Kuroyukihime and a year

after the White King.
Why was the age of the Originators not the same as the oldest Burst
Linkers? There were many theories, but the most plausible was that only
about half the children born in 2031 could meet the conditions for the
installation of the BB program. Neurolinker models for infants were
developed in September of 2031, and it would have been impossible for
children born before that to be equipped with a Neurolinker immediately
after birth. At any rate, of the Seven Kings, the ones she could be most
certain were Originators were Knight and Grandé.
If Thorn and Rider are parent and child, or maybe in love, she will
never forgive what I’m about to do. Kuroyukihime’s memories of her own
thought process cut off there.
Once the Kings’ laughter began to subside, she had stood up and
approached Rider, showing her acceptance of the truce. Delighted, Rider
had extended a hand to shake hers, and Kuroyukihime responded with an
embrace. Thorn had objected with an even higher-pitched shriek, and
laughter welled up once more. And then, that moment had been upon
them.
Black Lotus’s level-eight special attack, Death By Embracing. A range
of mere tens of centimeters, but its power was limitless. When she had
closed the swords of her crossed arms, anything within them was severed
—no exceptions. Even if it happened to be the armor of a level-nine duel
avatar.
She didn’t remember what she had felt when the Red King’s head sat at
the intersection of those two swords and his body crumpled to the ground
at her feet before melting into countless thin ribbons and disappearing.
N-nooooooooo!! the Purple King had shrieked, loud enough to be heard
across the entire field.
Is this your choice, Lotus?! the Blue King had roared, as if he’d
switched personalities.
And there, finally, the blank space of her memory ended. Yanking her
bladed arms down sharply, the twelve-year-old Kuroyukihime thought,
Four more.
No matter how many burst points you accumulated, you couldn’t reach the
final level of ten from level nine. The system required that you push five
other level-nine Burst Linkers to total point loss. It was precisely because
he knew this rule that Red Rider sought a truce among the kings—and also

the reason why Black Lotus had lopped off his head. In the long history of
the Accelerated World, the level-nine sudden-death rule had actually only
been applied that one time—supposedly. Despite that Kuroyukihime had
given herself over to madness and fought like a savage goddess, she hadn’t
been able to strike down a single one of the other Kings. It was perhaps a
miracle, in fact, that she’d survived until the end of the battle royale and
returned to the real world.
Two years and ten months had passed since then, and her memories of
that night were closed off in a faint red fog; it was difficult to remember
the details. But she had actually done it. When she opened her Instruct
menu and looked at the level-up screen, a single red light flashed at the left
end of the indicator of the five lives required to reach level ten. The name
Red Rider was even displayed when she touched it. Which is why there
was no way the first Red King could be there now.
Kuroyukihime stared hard at the gunslinger-style duel avatar that had
appeared from behind the ISS kit main body wearing a ten-gallon hat and a
gun belt, one part of her mind running through the possibilities: Someone
had transformed into Rider. Or she was being shown a projection with no
physical substance. One of the two was the most likely explanation.
But even as she hypothesized with her rational mind, she felt the truth
of the situation instinctually, keenly. The voice. The tone. The
mannerisms. The aura. All of it was that of the first Red King, the Master
Gunsmith, Red Rider.
Fuko, Akira, and Utai came to stand next to her, having apparently
recovered from the shock before she did. The youngest, Utai, had very
little direct experience with Rider, but Fuko and Akira were veterans on
Kuroyukihime’s level; they had encountered him, exchanged words, and
fought him any number of times in the battlefield.
But both maintained their silence, neither speaking to the red avatar
twenty meters before them. Kuroyukihime distinctly felt through her armor
her comrades’ intention to leave all the decisions here to her.
The frenzied night when she had taken Rider’s head—and the tragic
collapse of Nega Nebulus at the Castle four months later. Kuroyukihime
later learned that she had been deeply deceived and manipulated by the
person she trusted most in the world. She wouldn’t make the same mistake
twice. She would feel, think, choose, and decide on her own. As the master
of the new Nega Nebulus; as the parent of a boy a year younger than she
was, who was fighting in a different place right then at that very moment.

“I believe I killed you, Red Rider.” Kuroyukihime uttered her first
decisive words, eyes intent on the gunslinger approaching the massive jetblack eyeball.
“Yeah, you did.” The red avatar had the air of a hazy smile. “That time,
it was like, I went from Heaven to Hell, y’know? Just when I thought I
was getting a hug from the no-touching-allowed World End, I get that,
right?” He opened up two of the fingers of his right hand and closed them
like a scissor’s snip.
From hearing the way he so accurately captured the situation, his
manner of speaking, and the boyishness lingering in his tone, she really
couldn’t believe she was looking at anyone other than the first Red King.
She shivered uncontrollably at her astonishment at the impossible, and in
turn, the shock of memories she had buried deep in her being were
instantly unearthed. But she willed all her strength into her legs and stayed
on her feet.
Five months earlier, when Kuroyukihime had agreed to assist the
second Red King, Scarlet Rain, and joined the mission to subjugate the
fifth Chrome Disaster, the Yellow King had surprised her with a video
replay of Rider’s total point loss, and the shock of being ambushed with
such a painful memory had forced her into a Zero Fill, rendering her
helpless.
A recording didn’t begin to compare with the impact of what was going
on at that moment before her very eyes. But whatever came from this
unnatural meeting, she had no intention of collapsing in such an unseemly
fashion again.
“So then, are you the ghost of a duel avatar? Or are you the first Burst
Linker to find a way to reinstall Brain Burst after losing all your points? I
suppose it’s one or the other.”
“I s’pose so.” Rider tilted the brim of his hat at the hard echo in her
voice and thought briefly. “If it has to be one or the other, I guess it’d be
the first.”
“Oh-ho, you were so consumed with hate, you became a ghost? Then
you have perfect timing. I happen to be accompanied by a shrine maiden
with the power of purification, so she can send you on your way.”
She felt Utai twitch and stiffen beside her, and Fuko’s hand flashed out
at inhuman speed to prevent the Shrine Maiden’s retreat. Taking courage
—albeit only a tiny bit—from this small moment of normalcy between her
friends, Kuroyukihime added, “Or perhaps you appeared because you have

something to say. In which case, out with it. You do have the right to…
blame me, after all.”
Of course, Kuroyukihime didn’t believe they were seeing an actual
ghost. He might have been banished from the Accelerated World, but the
boy who had once been the Red King still lived somewhere in real Tokyo,
even now. And he had lost any and all memory of his life as a Burst
Linker.
But on the other hand, anything could happen in the Accelerated World
—within the limits of what the system allowed, naturally. The full-dive
fighter game Brain Burst still hadn’t shown even a veteran among veterans
like Kuroyukihime everything it had to offer. So a digital phantom in some
system-approved form…was perhaps possible.
“Well, you’re exactly right that I’m here ’cause I got something to
say.” Rider crossed his arms, still leaning back against the kit main body.
“But I’m not here with some grudge or the resentment you’re imagining. I
know now: the real reason why you cut my head off in a surprise attack.”
“…What did you say?” Kuroyukihime murmured, dumbfounded,
massively shocked for the nth time in the last few minutes.
The real reason Kuroyukihime had struck the Red King. The majority
of Burst Linkers thought it was because she was trying to reach level ten
before anyone else. That was true, but it wasn’t the whole truth. Behind the
tragedy was also a certain someone who had told Kuroyukihime about the
Seven Roads, the gun-type Enhanced Armament the Red King produced
with his Arms Creation ability. That someone had informed her that they
were the ultimate weapons of destruction, designed to keep the
Accelerated World forever in a state of stagnation.
But the only ones she’d confessed this truth to were the Four Elements
of Nega Nebulus and her child, Silver Crow. There was no way they had
given Rider that information; to start with, Rider was already gone by that
point.
No…There is one other person who knows the whole truth. The “puppet
master” who had so deftly deceived and manipulated her.
“His color.” Akira broke her silence quietly.
“What’s wrong, Curren?” Fuko was quick to ask.
“That avatar,” Akira said, lowering her voice even further. “His color’s
starting to change.”
Kuroyukihime stared intently at the gunslinger twenty meters ahead of
her. The color of the armor of the duel avatar standing alongside the ISS

kit main body was exactly the same as Red Rider’s in her memory, a pure
and singular red that defied any kind of descriptive adjective—and yet.
When she really strained her eyes, she saw that Akira was right. The color
was steadily changing from the feet sunken into the gloom. From a dark,
dirty bloodred, through the purple of twilight, and into a matte black
reminiscent of partly burned charcoal.
Sensing the eyes of the four Burst Linkers firmly fixed on him, Rider
also looked down at his feet and clicked his tongue lightly. “Tch! You’re
here already? I figured I had three minutes, though…”
“What’s the meaning of this?!” Kuroyukihime yelled in frustration.
“Are you really Rider?! Aren’t you here because you have something to
say?!”
But instead of answering her, the gunslinger—now black up to his hips
—tipped his hat apologetically. “Sorry, Lotus. We’ll finish this chat after
we fight.”
“Wh-what?”
“Listen, you win, okay? Be more merciless than last time. Beat me
black-and-blue. The more energy gets used up, the longer I can be me.”
“…Win? Against who?”
“Well, against…me, of course.” The Red King spread out his arms and
shrugged lightly while the charcoal erased the red of his chest, his neck,
and then finally, his face mask. The shallow V of his goggles was filled
with a viscous darkness.
Bwwm. An unpleasant vibration accompanied a flash of light the color
of blood beyond the goggles. And then, a murderous aura gushed from the
avatar’s slender frame to nearly cover the floor, and Kuroyukihime and her
comrades gasped. They knew this bottomless hunger—this somehow
inorganic wave. The same aura the ISS kit users under Magenta Scissor
were cloaked in when they had fought them earlier in the field on the north
side of Midtown Tower.
Standing fixed in place, the four Burst Linkers stiffened for the merest
of moments, and as if aiming for that opening, Red Rider’s hands,
blackened all the way to the fingertips, flashed so quickly they blurred. He
grabbed the two guns on either side of his gun belt, drew them, and aimed;
the whole process took essentially zero seconds.

I made it.

Niko still exists in this world.
The instant Mihaya set eyes upon Scarlet Rain, captive on the black
cross, a smoothly liquid relief rose up in her chest. But a fraction of a
second later, overwhelming rage set flame to that liquid.
Rain’s armor was cruelly splintered, and she was unconscious—no
light in her eye lenses. On top of that, she was crucified like a historical
criminal receiving the death penalty, her arms spread wide. Mihaya would
never forgive this treatment of the Red King, the leader of Prominence.
Never.
Propelled by the flames of rage burning inside her, Mihaya forgot the
pain in her left shoulder from Argon Array’s laser and let out a roar. She
sank down, preparing to leap the three stories from the roof to Black Vise,
Rain’s captor. But she managed to control herself, somehow.
Vise and Argon stood together in the center of a courtyard about fifty
meters on each side, while Silver Crow, Lime Bell, and Cyan Pile were
lined up along the east side. The three junior members of Nega Nebulus
boldly faced the two execs of the Acceleration Research Society and their
unfathomable abilities. This battle didn’t belong to Mihaya alone. Silver
Crow had continued to chase Vise to this place; he had earned the right to
start this fight.
She turned her eyes toward Niko once more and vowed in her heart to
save her before jumping almost straight down. She cut across the courtyard
to Crow’s side and offered a brief apology for keeping them waiting.
In fact, it had taken longer than she’d expected to reach this place.
Everything had been good up to the point she charged into the shadow
tunnel after getting help from Cyan Pile and Lime Bell, but she’d gotten
separated from them in the total darkness and been carried to a different
exit.
However, fortunately—she supposed—she caught sight of Argon
running ahead of her in the gloomy corridor, so she followed her, taking
care not to be noticed, and made it through the mazelike basement. Argon
discovered her not long after they came aboveground, but she apparently
prioritized meeting up with Vise; she just kept running, instead of
attacking Mihaya with her lasers. So Mihaya had managed to regroup with
her comrades in the place of the final battle.
The fact that the Acceleration Research Society headquarters was this
bright and large—and apparently a large school in the real world—had
surprised her, but they could spend the day analyzing this information

later. At the moment, she had to focus on crushing the two tough enemies
before her to get Niko back. The Black King and the group they’d left at
Midtown had to have made it to the nearest leave point by then, but no
matter how they hurried, it would take at least three seconds to return to
the real world through the portal, move their flesh-and-blood bodies, and
pull out Niko’s cable. That was fifty minutes on this side—it would be
great if they could crush Vise and his crew before then, but even if they
couldn’t, they had to at least protect Rain.
Newly resolved, Mihaya extended the claws on her hands to their full
length. And then, a seventh Burst Linker fell with a rumble from the sky,
adding a new level of confusion to the war situation.
At first, Mihaya didn’t know who the intruder was. But she’d heard the
name Silver Crow uttered hoarsely before.
Wolfram Cerberus. The fearsome newbie who’d suddenly appeared in
the Accelerated World. Parent and Legion affiliation totally unknown,
battle intelligence far beyond that of a beginner, powerful defensive ability
Physical Immunity. He’d crushed one middle ranker after another. A duel
genius. All the rumors had reached Nerima.
Given that he mainly showed up in areas controlled by Leonids and
Great Wall, Mihaya still hadn’t seen him fight with her own eyes, but
she’d been thinking she should sit in on one of his fights from the Gallery,
at least. And now, her first encounter with him was here in this situation.
The issue was whether Cerberus was friend or foe. If he was a foe, then
in a certain sense, she should probably be more on guard against him than
Vise or Argon. Especially since all the three attackers on this side were
only physical, close-range types. Her misgivings became reality a second
later.
Standing up, the gray metal-color avatar turned his back to Vise and
Argon and faced Silver Crow squarely. Wolfram Cerberus was a foe. A
member of the Acceleration Research Society. Mihaya carved this
knowledge into her brain.
But Cerberus’s first words were somewhat unexpected. “I didn’t want
to meet you again like this…Crow.”
He sounded as though he was enduring severe pain, and she didn’t
believe it was an act. Silver Crow’s response, too, seemed to contain an
equal mix of pain and shock.
“Me too, Cerberus. Because you’re in the Unlimited Neutral Field…
you went up a level?”

“Yes.” Cerberus nodded. “Not to the bare minimum of level four. The
same level five as you, Crow.”
“So we’re the same level now. But…does that mean your ‘role’ of
staying at level one and earning points is over, then? I want to have a
regular duel with you. A duel with no tricks—a pure duel. So…please
don’t stand there, Cerberus.” Crow’s speech was restrained, but there was
an earnest echo in his words.
“I’m sorry.” The small avatar shook his head slightly. “I can’t step
away from this place. But what you said after the battle royale on
Thursday made me happy. And that you met me in the real as well.”
“…No need for the past tense. We can meet again whenever you
want…Anytime.”
There was an edge in this exchange between gray and silver metal
colors, like an extremely thin wire had been stretched as far as it could go
and was now being plucked. A pure and dangerous rapport as they both
pulled powerfully against each other. It would be no surprise if it snapped
at any moment.
“It’s just as you said, Crow. The role I was given is essentially
complete. Which means there is no longer any reason to permit my
existence. Today will be the last day I talk with you like this…”
Mihaya sensed a faint smile rising up on the wolfish face mask as
Cerberus spoke. In contrast, Crow was clenching his hands into tight fists.
“Cerberus!” he called in an increasingly tense voice. “You don’t need
the role you were ‘given’ or a reason for your existence to be ‘permitted’
or whatever! A Burst Linker can always find their own objectives, right?!”
“……”
Head hanging, Cerberus didn’t immediately respond. Instead, they
heard Argon Array’s mirthful voice, with that hint of secret laughter that
never failed to rub them the wrong way. “Ha-ha-ha! Crow, you really got
some hella smooth words there! But damned straight here. We don’t talk
none of that Burst Linker crap!” Argon jeered.
“You mustn’t say things like that, Array,” Vise rebuked her from her
side. “After all, you yourself have an objective or two, yes?”
“Well, I won’t say I don’t got three or four. And one of ’em’s gonna be
checked off today, so I’m not joinin’ you for any beatdowns or what. Aah,
for real, this is a real long deal. I’m workin’ here, seriously…”
“Such comments are a bit premature. Personally, I’d be glad to have
you begin before any further obstacles come along.”

The conversation made no sense, and Mihaya tried to shut it out of her
head. She’d only recently learned that Argon’s tendency toward speech
itself was a close-range, glamour-type attack, and she had paid the price
for it. They had to attack before she got them all turned around.
“Can I leave Wolfram Cerberus to you?” Mihaya murmured to Silver
Crow beside her, his hands still clenched into fists.
Although it took just a second to come, Crow’s answer was definite.
“Yes. I’ll be his opponent.”
“’Kay. I’m taking Argon down. Pile and Bell…” Mihaya glanced at
them, and the large blue and small green avatars nodded in tandem.
“Vise, right?” Takumu said. “He’s a powerful enemy, but he can’t use
one arm right now. I’ll do something and hold him off while you and Crow
are fighting.”
“I’ve got your back, Pile,” Chiyuri chirped. “I’ll just keep healing you
up!”
At this reassuring response from the level fives, Mihaya nodded
slightly but firmly.
If they compared just the total value for their levels, the enemy was 8 +
8 + 5 = 21, while her group was 8 + 5 + 5 + 5 = 23. If this were the duel
holy land, Akihabara BG—although you couldn’t fight there in teams of
more than three—most people would bet on Mihaya’s group. But the true
power of Wolfram Cerberus couldn’t be measured in numbers, and the
other two Society members were the same. To even think that Mihaya,
who had only just advanced to level eight, was in the same place as Argon
and Vise, who had probably reached that level ages ago, was hubris.
But the three members of Nega Nebulus were true warriors; they
inevitably displayed a power beyond their level when push came to shove.
Lime Bell with her astounding ability to reverse time, Cyan Pile, hiding an
outstandingly keen intellect beneath that thick armor, and Silver Crow—
the depth of whose potential still could not be seen. As long as she had
these three with her, they would definitely make it over this sword’s edge.
And they would get back Niko—the master she had sworn her eternal
loyalty to. They would not fail.
Mihaya leaned forward the slightest bit and activated the Incarnate
System that she had long kept sealed away. A bloody red overlay gushed
from her hands and sharp claws, powerful enough to dim the red of the
twilight.
As if in response to the sudden increase in battle spirit in the seven

avatars, the sky above the courtyard suddenly clouded over and rumbled
with the low roar of thunder.

Master Gunsmith.
This first Red King had been given this nickname because of his
matchless ability to produce any number of gun-type Enhanced Armament
himself. But that certainly didn’t mean Red Rider was what other net
games called a crafter. Half the reason he’d been dubbed Master lay in the
transcendence of his gun work.
Entire body dyed the color of darkness, Rider whipped his guns out in a
quick draw like a lightning strike and pulled the triggers without a flicker
of hesitation. One roar after another echoed across the vast forty-fifth floor
of Midtown Tower, but Kuroyukihime and her comrades had already leapt
off to the sides.
The Red King’s main arms were two revolver Enhanced Armaments
called Helios and Eos. Since each of their cylinders held six bullets, with
both guns, he could fire twelve successive shots. Alternately pulling the
triggers of the left and right guns, the Red King used up all his bullets in a
mere two seconds. Eight of the fired bullets passed between Kuroyukihime
and Akira (who had jumped to the left), and Fuko and Utai (to the right),
but the remaining four closed in with terrifying accuracy on the critical
point of each girl—the heart.
“Nngh!” Gritting her teeth, Kuroyukihime deflected the bullets
targeting her and Akira with a wave of her left sword-arm.
On the right, Fuko launched a left-right palm-strike combo and
pulverized those two bullets. The four young women had managed to
prevent a direct attack on their bodies, but it was impossible to defend
against bullets without taking some damage. The system registered the
grazes, and her health gauge dropped the slightest bit. And it had to have
been the same for Fuko.
Having emptied his rounds, Red Rider raised his guns smoothly. Chak!
The cylinders swung open and the empty casings tumbled to the ground.
“Now!” Kuroyukihime called, kicking off the ground ferociously.
One part of her mind was still in chaos, an unpartitioned hard disk. Was
this Red Rider who suddenly appeared before them the real deal or not?
What was the meaning of his mysterious words? Why did his color
suddenly change? Why did he start attacking? The mountain of questions

only grew ever higher.
But in the bottom of her heart, Kuroyukihime had been prepared for
something like this, knowing she would inevitably have to face her own
past if she continued to pursue the ISS kit main body. The moment she
saw the crossed-guns crest on the sealed card Silver Crow entrusted to her,
it was clear that the first Red King was involved in some form or another.
Of course, she never imagined she would face Rider in a direct
confrontation like this, but that didn’t mean she could run away. Rider had
said to fight, so she would fight. A continuation of the “duel” that day that
had ended in a mere second with Kuroyukihime’s surprise attack.
“Ah…Aaaah!” Roaring with resolve, Kuroyukihime brandished the
sword of her right hand.
The biggest opening for a red-type avatar was the moment they ran out
of ammunition. And the Red King was no exception.
Normally, once the empty casings were ejected, the cylinder needed to
be reloaded by hand—one bullet at a time. But at nearly the same time that
the chamber was emptied, the armor on Rider’s arms opened up and speed
loaders popped out. The loader arms stretched forth and pushed six bullets
into the empty cylinder simultaneously.
Chak! The sound echoed once more as the cylinders snapped back into
the gun body, and reloading was complete. The time from the moment he
turned his guns upward to the instant the loaders, having served their
purpose, were tucked back into his arms was a mere two seconds. This was
Auto Load.
Back when Red Rider was fighting on the front lines, this quick-firing,
quick-loading technique had blocked the close-range attacks of the bluetype avatars and had even broken through the solid defenses of green-type
avatars with grazing damage alone. Even Kuroyukihime, who was justly
confident in her charging speed, had been pushed back any number of
times by this rapid-fire assault, leaving Rider just barely beyond the reach
of her sword-arms.
But this time, she was fortunate in that the distance between them at the
start of the fight was relatively small. By the time the Red King was
aiming his guns again, Kuroyukihime was already bringing her Terminate
Sword down on him. This blade severed everything it touched, and now it
was closing in on Rider’s defenseless neck.
But somewhere deep inside her, in a reflex she couldn’t control, she
shuddered for a mere instant. The vibration knocked her attack off course,

and rather than the neck, the blade hit the left shoulder, covered in hard
armor for a red type.
Skreek! The light of the damage effect scattered with a sharp metallic
sound.
Her sword had cut deep into his shoulder, stopping the movement of
the gun in his left hand, but almost as though he didn’t feel the pain of the
injury, Rider quickly turned the gun in his right hand squarely at
Kuroyukihime’s chest. His finger, machinelike in its precision and
ruthlessness, pulled the trigger.
Flames blossomed at the mouth of the barrel that was practically
pressed up against her chest. The bullet very nearly hit her armor before
she whipped her sword-arm in front of her to catch it.
Once more, the ear-splitting shriek of metal. Brilliant sparks shot up
from the ridge of her sword, and her health gauge dropped slightly again.
And naturally, Rider’s attack didn’t end at one shot. He pulled the trigger
over and over with the speed of a machine gun—and a second, then a third
shot landed in precisely the same place. She defended against each one
successfully, but with every impact to her arm, the amount her gauge
dropped grew. Shot repeatedly in the same spot, the damage in her sword
was accumulating. But she couldn’t exactly move it and let a bullet hit her
critical point.
Pushed back by the barrage, Kuroyukihime was keenly aware of the
cause of the trembling that had knocked her slicing attack off course: the
fear, regret, and guilt she’d shoved to the bottom of her heart for nearly
three years. She hated herself for using a surprise attack to push the Red
King to total point loss, and this hatred had made the battle spirit that
moved her avatar freeze up—if only for an instant. It was exactly the same
reason as the Zero Fill six months ago.
Disgusting! Kuroyukihime rebuked herself as Rider emptied his righthand gun, Helios. I promised him—I promised Haruyuki!
I said I wouldn’t be afraid, I wouldn’t run from the past anymore…I
said no matter what was waiting for us at Midtown Tower, I wouldn’t
retreat a single step!
Hit with pinpoint accuracy by six bullets, her sword made a faint but
ominous sound. It was still there, though, unbroken. And her spirit, while
shaken, was not broken, either. She would fight on. Both the enemy before
her eyes—and her own fear. She plunged the tips of both feet into the floor
and stopped her retreat.

While auto-loading the emptied chamber, the Red King took aim with
his left-hand weapon, which had previously been pushed back by the
slicing attack. It was fast, leaving absolutely no opening.
He was supposedly an extreme red type, yet fighting him was like
going up against a blue type with close-range weapons in each hand.
Kuroyukihime had the option of giving up on close combat and leaping
back to join Fuko and Akira in a defensive formation, leaving Utai to
attack with her longbow. But right before he’d turned black, Rider had told
her to beat him black-and-blue, to be merciless. And then that bit about
“the longer I can be me.” She didn’t think she could make that happen
with a clever strategic win, and more than anything else, she felt as if
stepping back now would be the same as losing.
She wasn’t trying to be obstinate and reject the help of her comrades,
but at the very least, she couldn’t fall back until she beat him back with a
satisfactory slicing attack. But to get within sword’s reach of Rider again,
it wasn’t enough to simply guard against his bullets. She would have to
anticipate the firing of each bullet and dodge them while moving forward.
Kuroyukihime. She suddenly heard a quiet voice in her ears. You can’t
look at the gun barrel. To see when they’ll fire, you have to look at the
person holding the gun and read the signs from their whole body.
I’ll try! She shifted her gaze away from the black barrel of Eos in
Rider’s left hand.
The vitality she’d sensed—albeit slightly—during their conversation
had completely disappeared when the Red King was eaten up by darkness.
But in its place came a vibrant, thirsty bloodlust. Two points of bloody
light blinked faintly beneath his V-shaped goggles.
Tossing herself forward, Kuroyukihime pushed off the ground and flew
with every scrap of strength she had.
Fire jetted from the gun barrel. The bullet grazed one of the antennas
stretching out at length on either side of her helmet. Rider fired again,
lowering his aim, and Kuroyukihime sank even lower to slip past the
coming projectiles. Bang! Bang! In her accelerated consciousness, she
heard the roar of the bullets, and lumps of metal rocketing forward at
nearly the speed of sound grazed the armor of her back. She had brought
herself so low to the ground that she would fall on her face if she leaned
forward any farther—and that was when the sixth bullet removed a piece
of her armor skirt and shot off behind her.
She couldn’t actually see it, but he should have been just about finished

reloading the gun in his right hand.
She only had one chance to attack. This time, for sure, she had to shake
free of the fear etched into the depths of her heart and launch a single blow
with her entire body and spirit.
“Aaaaaaah!!” Roaring mightily, Kuroyukihime spread the swords of
both arms.
From her position, body bent as far as humanly possible, a proper
sword attack was not possible. She didn’t have enough room to brandish
her sword-arms, and a kicking technique would take too long.
Kuroyukihime had only one technique she could launch from such close
range.
She kicked off the floor once more and bounced upward. With a head
butt, she pushed Helios up and away and latched her avatar onto Rider’s.
Wrapping both arms around him, she crossed the tips of her two swords.
A torso wasn’t quite the same as a neck, but she had basically put them
in an equivalent position three years earlier, deceiving the Red King with
both words and attitude to get close enough to launch the technique. But
this time was different. Counting from the first shot, she had dodged,
repelled, and slipped past twelve bullets to close the distance between
them.
I am not the person I was then!!
Putting every bit of willpower she had into her arms, Kuroyukihime
pushed away her fear and shouted, “Death By Embracing!!”
A line of crimson light flashed. A relentless and decisive sound effect
rang out in her ears.
Black Lotus’s level-eight special attack severed the torso of the Red
King right along the line of his gun belt.
Rider didn’t so much as grunt, despite that the pain dancing across his
nerves had to be the fiercest sensation that could be generated in the
Accelerated World, but instead tried to fire the gun in his right hand. For
nearly all duel avatars, having their head severed from their body meant
instant death, but some did manage to survive being rent asunder at the
waist. But Kuroyukihime couldn’t move right away because of the
moment of stiffness that came immediately after activating a major
technique.

Just as the gun barrel was on the verge of exploding in flames,
however, drops of water came flying up from behind to splash into Rider’s
goggles. The water became a vision-blocking fog that kept him from firing
his gun.
Aqua Current had launched part of her now finally recovered flowingwater armor like a slingshot.
Then, a bright-red flaming arrow plunged into Rider’s right arm. With
magnificent skill, Ardor Maiden had pierced the core of the avatar’s naked
body and temporarily paralyzed the hand holding Helios. Even backed into
this corner, the Red King still did not cry out, but rather, he tried to reload
Eos in his left.
Sky Raker flew in now, transformed into a gust of wind, with sliverblue hair fluttering. No doubt she had fired a burst from Gale Thruster to
charge the Red King with a speed impossible to attain in a normal jump.
With a brief battle cry, she struck him loudly with a palm strike. “Ha!”
The intense impact was too much to withstand, and cracks radiated
outward in his thick chest armor. Sooty fragments peeling away, the Red
King turned his guns forward with fearsome battle instincts.
Here, Kuroyukihime’s stiffness finally ended. She used her hunched
posture to jump up high, then turned toward Rider’s torso floating through
the air. She propelled a leg directly up. “Yaaah!”
The tip of her sword carved a blue crescent moon out of the air as it
ripped through Rider’s stomach up to his head, cutting his trademark tengallon hat perfectly in two.
That was the final blow. Red Rider’s health gauge—assuming he had
one—was completely spent. He stopped unnaturally in midair, torso
reeling, before scattering into countless black fragments. The fragments
turned into jet-black smoke and vanished while Kuroyukihime did a
backward somersault to land on her feet. She turned slowly toward her
comrades as they raced over to her.
“Sacchi,” Fuko called to her in a murmur.
Kuroyukihime stopped holding her breath. “He’s a fake,” she replied
briefly.
“……”
Her friends were silent, eyes turned toward her, and she continued,
softening her tone, “Rider’s strength wasn’t that. Even four against one, he
would shoot and shoot and shoot, never taking a step back. He would
shoot and win, shoot and win some more…That was the kind of guy Red

Rider was. They might have re-created his gun techniques, but the will
contained in each and every one of those bullets was totally different.
There’s no way that was the real Rider.”
“But his aura, the way he talked before his armor changed color, that
was the Master Gunsmith,” Akira noted.
“Mmm.” She nodded, then shook her head. “But…I can’t say how, but
it was different in some way. And my victories against level nines didn’t
go up, either.” She glanced at the system message area on the left side of
her field of view.
The voice she heard in response was not Fuko’s, nor Akira’s, nor
Utai’s.
“Ha-ha-ha! It’d really be something else if that went up. You could get
to level ten just by taking me on here.”
“
!!”
Whirling around, the four Burst Linkers watched as an avatar was
ejected from the pupil area of the massive eyeball on the south side of the
floor—the ISS kit main body. Kuroyukihime didn’t need to see the widebrimmed hat and the large gun belt to know this was the very Red Rider
she had only just defeated minutes ago.
“Wh-what’s going on?!” Fuko cried out in surprise, staring at the avatar
pulling his body free from the semitransparent membrane.
Rider stood up and then started to walk—the spurs on his boots
clacking. “I told you—I’m kinda like a ghost. In a way, I’m the real Red
Rider, but at the same time, I’m a total fake. To get you to understand that,
I needed you to fight me once, you know? Sorry for attacking you, huh,
Lotus?”
“N-no. That was on me, too—,” Kuroyukihime said, baffled, before
pulling herself back together and crying sharply, “real or fake, quit saying
all these things that are supposed to be so deep! What exactly are you?!
What kind of logic has you appearing here and regenerating?!”
“Don’t be mad. I’ll explain everything. Thanks to you guys totally
crushing it before, it looks like I can be me for a while now.” The Red
King stopped about ten meters away from Kuroyukihime and her
comrades, perhaps to show he was not there to fight, and sat cross-legged
on the marble floor. He gestured with his fingertips for them to come
closer, so they stepped toward him, on guard.
Kuroyukihime stopped close enough to be able to hear his murmured
voice, and Rider looked up at her.

“I’m a ghost, but it’s not like I transformed and appeared of my own
will.” He made the fearsome announcement in a calm voice. “After you
cut off my head, and I lost all my points, a certain Burst Linker brought me
back to life in a limited way. As a pawn toward their own objective, you
know?”
“B-brought back to life? A Burst Linker who didn’t die after his health
gauge dropped to zero…but rather one who lost all his points and vanished
from the Accelerated World?” Kuroyukihime’s voice was shaking—so
hoarse she almost couldn’t believe it was her own. Fuko and the others
stood with her, frozen speechless.
It was impossible. A Burst Linker who lost all their burst points left the
Accelerated World forever through a final extinction phenomenon, and the
Brain Burst program installed on their Neurolinker was completely erased.
To be more precise, this didn’t happen the moment a player lost all
their points, but rather the instant they learned the outcome of the battle
when they had zero points remaining. For instance, if you accidentally
made a purchase in the shop so that your points dropped to exactly zero,
you could escape forcible removal if you recovered those points before
your next duel. In the case of the Red King, however, his points had been
zeroed according to the level-nine sudden-death rule, so any rescue should
have been impossible. And of course, any regeneration.
Having driven the top four members of Nega Nebulus into a maelstrom
of shock, Rider shrugged lightly from the ground and added, “I said
limited, yeah? The me here now is the shadow of the Red Rider who
fought you and vanished three years ago— Frankly, I’m a zombie. The
real me in the real world is out there living a peaceful student life, all
memories of the Accelerated World gone from his head…Although I can’t
say for sure he’s got no memory of that particular scene. Anyway,
someone prob’ly made a copy of something like my spirit with a special
attack or an Incarnate technique—and…made it possess the giant eyeball
back there.”
“Possess…copy of the spirit…,” Kuroyukihime parroted back.
To her left, Utai shook her head slightly. “If that is true…you can’t be
said to have come back to life. Copying the spirit of someone who’s left
the Accelerated World and using it for your own purposes— That power is
not a regeneration technique. It’s more fitting to call it necromancy.”
“That is true, hmm? But why? Why would this whoever do that?” Fuko
asked.

“To use Red Rider’s abilities, of course,” the shadow of the Red King
replied quietly. “They made me, Rider’s zombie, so they could make the
Enhanced Armament they want with Arms Creation. And then they made
me parasitize that vessel, the eyeball.”
The Red King’s words were so shocking it was all Kuroyukihime could
do to digest the information, but even so, she immediately grasped the
meaning of this Enhanced Armament. “The ISS kits, hmm? Those eyeballs
distributed throughout the Accelerated World were made using your
ability. That’s what you’re saying, yes?”
“I’ll tell you right now, I didn’t pick the design or the specs. To start
with, when I’m swallowed up by the giant eye, it’s like my main switch is
turned off; I can’t see anything or hear anything or think anything. To
make me come out like this, the eyeball uses up a ton of energy; it only
happens when it’s in recovery mode. Now’s one of those times.”
“You mean it used energy to reproduce the you we defeated? That’s
why you said all that about beating you black-and-blue?”
“Exactly. Incidentally, I managed to come out the first time because the
giant eyeball materialized a ton of tiny eyeballs for defense. Although you
guys made quick work of them, too.”
“I see. In other words, when the eyeball recovers its energy, you’ll turn
black again and come to attack us, then.” Businesslike, she asked the
question merely for confirmation.
“Sorry, but that’s about it.” Rider raised the brim of his ten-gallon hat
lightly in apology. “Well, I expect I’m a whole lot weaker than the real
me, though. I think I can still talk a little longer, though.”
If what Rider was telling them was true, then they had to get as much
information from him as they could right now. But there were too many
things she wanted to ask about, and it was hard to immediately prioritize
one. Kuroyukihime fell silent, caught in this fleeting hesitation.
“To start with, what is that?” Akira’s voice pierced the brief silence.
She shot her eyes toward the massive eyeball object behind them.
“It’s not energy, and it’s not an Enhanced Armament,” the Red King
answered neatly. “It’s prob’ly a duel avatar.”
Shocked yet again, Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Utai all gasped. But
Akira, as might be expected of the parent of Blood Leopard, did not waste
time; she was already moving on to her next question.
“Which means that a Burst Linker like us is making that eyeball—the
ISS kit main body—move?”

“That’s the rub right there. An Enemy wouldn’t sit still like this even if
it was tamed, and an Enhanced Armament would be wiped out with the
Change. Plus, this massive eyeball does actually have something like
emotions and intent. Just…if it’s a Burst Linker, I don’t have the first clue
how they can stay in the Unlimited Neutral Field for so long like this. I’m
a zombie, so I don’t usually feel time, but this vessel here wouldn’t be like
that. I mean, it’s been fifty years at least since it appeared in this spot.”
“F-fifty years?!” Kuroyukihime cried out reflexively. But it had already
been over two weeks in real time since the ISS kits had been first
confirmed in the Accelerated World. In the Unlimited Neutral Field, that
did indeed work out to nearly fifty years. For both internal and external
reasons, a continuous dive of that length of time was almost certainly
impossible.
To start with, it was a sphere nearly three meters in diameter—surface
covered in a fleshy armor reminiscent of a brain. It had no legs or arms,
only a single massive eye. And it held a portal inside its body. Could a
duel avatar like this even exist? What kind of mental scars exactly could
produce such an avatar?
While on the one hand, she felt a Burst Linker like this was impossible,
a part of her also wondered What if: What if the Acceleration Research
Society were the ones distributing the ISS kits? They had for all intents
and purposes produced the Armor of Catastrophe, Chrome Disaster;
destroyed the Hermes’ Cord race; and even tamed the Legend-class Enemy
Archangel Metatron. She wouldn’t be surprised at anything they did
anymore. She had no doubt that whoever turned Red Rider into a zombie
to use him after his total point loss was also a member of the Society.
And more than anything else, the Acceleration Research Society had
used the Twilight Marauder, Dusk Taker, as its vanguard to wreak havoc
on Umesato Junior High School during Kuroyukihime’s absence and
cruelly torment Haruyuki Arita, Takumu Mayuzumi, and Chiyuri
Kurashima. They were working to bring about massive disorder and strife
in the Accelerated World. When it came to that group, they might even be
able to produce a duel avatar like the ISS kit main body using some
unimaginable, evil method.
“Rider.” Shaking off her surprise and confusion, Kuroyukihime called
to the Burst Linker who had been her friend, whose life she had cut short
with her own hands. “I— We have to destroy that eyeball. Whether it’s a
duel avatar or not. Even…even if as a result, the you here now is

extinguished.”
Still settled on the floor, the gunslinger let slip a faint, wry smile. “I’m
not gonna beg you to stop or anything. This me’s just a zombie forced to
make these shitty Enhanced Armaments. I’ve been waiting this whole
time, y’know, for someone to end it for me. And then you, Lotus…”
Unable to finish his sentence, the Red King shrugged once more.
“But, like, when you do end up fighting it, that thing’s strong. Even I
don’t know what attacks it’ll come at you with. But the one thing I do
know is that it’s hella strong. Don’t think of it as just an object. Go at it
with everything you got, right from the get-go.”
“…Understood.” Kuroyukihime nodded.
Rider tugged the brim of his hat and stretched his legs out in front of
him before jumping lightly to his feet.
“BBK, tell me one more thing,” Akira called out.
“That name takes me back! What, Aquamatic?”
“The ISS kits made with your ability and distributed through the
Accelerated World. Will they die if the main body’s destroyed?”
That was indeed something they should confirm. Their current top
priority was to leave for the real world through the portal that was inside
the kit main body and pull out Niko’s cable, now that she’d been abducted
by Black Vise, but the original objective of that day’s mission was to
render the ISS kit terminals harmless and stop the mental interference with
the infected—that is to say, with Rin Kusakabe aka Ash Roller—whom
they had left behind in the nurse’s room at Umesato Junior High.
However.
Rider froze for a moment and then shook his head vigorously from side
to side. “No. Even if the big eyeball dies, it prob’ly won’t take the teeny
ones along for the ride. I’m pretty sure the big one and the teeny ones I
was forced to make are connected through that portal. You wipe out the
big eyeball, and that info exchange deal’ll stop, I bet. But the individual
teeny ones’ll keep on going.”
“Th-that’s—!! So then, Ash—!!” Utai cried in a thin voice.
Kuroyukihime was equally stunned. She had believed unwaveringly
that the terminals would die if the main body was destroyed.
“As long as we stop the information exchange, at least—the mental
interference—we should be able to avert the crisis for the time being.”
Akira’s voice was stiff but cool. “We just have to discuss how to get rid of
the kit with everyone later.”

“Oh! Th-that’s true. Once we have some time, I can definitely purify
the kit parasitizing Ash…,” Utai started to say with conviction, but the Red
King interrupted her.
“That won’t be necessary, miss. I’ll take responsibility for things I
made and render them powerless.”
“…How will you do that?”
“They and Lotus know this, I bet, but I can remotely activate a safety in
any Enhanced Armament I make. No matter where it is in the Accelerated
World. Which includes the little eyeballs here, of course. And those
eyeballs multiplying out there are no exception, either.”
“……!”
Kuroyukihime inhaled sharply and then quickly shook her head. “I
didn’t forget about your remote safety ability…But the crossed-guns
emblem isn’t anywhere on the ISS kit terminals. And that’s the safety
structure, isn’t it?”
“I said so before—it’s not like I designed the things. But if it’s an
Enhanced Armament I made, then it’ll be there somewhere. Right now, the
big eyeball’s stronger, so I can’t interfere with the teeny ones. But if you
destroy Big Eye here, I’ll go ahead and lock the safety on all the little
ones. I might be a zombie, but I’ve got that much pride left, at least.”
Making this quiet declaration, Rider turned his back to the four again.
He made a show of giving a thumbs-up and started walking toward the
massive eyeball.
Kuroyukihime shouted some last words at the gunslinger’s narrow
back. “Rider! You…”
Don’t you have anything you want to say? Isn’t the anger and hatred
toward me, the one who stole your life as a Burst Linker with a cowardly
surprise attack and destroyed the Red Legion, stored up in that avatar?
But she couldn’t give voice to the words that rose up as far as her
throat. Because she understood that she would only be asking to make
herself feel better. Instead, she raised a superficially similar question.
“…You said before that you already knew why I pushed you to total
point loss three years ago. How did you find out?”
“I said I knew, but it’s more like I guessed. I don’t think I’m wrong,
though,” Rider replied without stopping. “Like I said, I don’t remember
who turned me into a zombie. Unfortunately. But they had to have been in
the field at the meeting of the Seven Kings. Y’think they were merely
lucky enough to bring me back to life when you just happened to push me

to total point loss? Nah, there’s no way. I was a target from the start—
that’s how you should be thinking. The basic story is: set a fire under the
Black King, get her to take the head of the Red King, and secretly make
him their own puppet…Someone who could do something like that…”
Red Rider cut himself off and glanced back. The sharp shape of his
goggles glinted in the evening sun pouring into the hall through the rupture
in the building.
“You should look for the rest of the answers yourself. Later, Lotus.
And to you three of the Four Elements. Say hi to Anomaly for me, too.
And…say thanks to number two. He took over Promi for me. Tell him it’s
up to him now.”
Lifting his right hand once more, he lightly waggled the index and
middle fingers, and then the first Red King stepped feetfirst into the pupil
of the massive eyeball. The semitransparent membrane swallowed the
avatar slowly, sucking him in, and when the dark eyelid blinked
sluggishly, there wasn’t a trace of him left behind.
Kuroyukihime didn’t understand the feeling she was experiencing. It
wasn’t fear or anger or sadness, but a blend of all these—some kind of
high-pressure energy that threatened to rip her avatar open from the inside.
“Sacchi.” Fuko touched her back gently, perhaps sensing her tension.
Kuroyukihime took a deep breath and let it out again. “What we have
to do hasn’t changed,” she announced to her comrades, keeping herself
under control. “We will expend every bit of power we have and destroy
the ISS kit main body.”
“Right,” Fuko said. “That is why we came here, after all.”
“We’ll get it done,” Akira continued.
“We will fight as hard as we can!” Utai declared.
The ISS kit main body was neither Enemy nor Enhanced Armament,
but rather duel avatar. That’s what the shadow of Red Rider had told them.
In which case, whoever produced this massive eyeball was a flesh-andblood human being just like Kuroyukihime and her comrades, a boy or
maybe a girl close to her own age. And they had the Red King locked
inside them so they could use his ability to produce massive numbers of an
Enhanced Armament injected with a dark will to spread throughout the
Accelerated World.
She didn’t know if this person had wanted this. It was quite possible
they were simply under the control of the Acceleration Research Society.
But even if that was true, now that things had come this far, there was

nothing left to do but fight. When they faced each other on the battlefield
as Burst Linkers, there was only the duel. There were things that could
only be known, communicated for the first time through battle. Even if the
opponent was a massive eyeball that didn’t speak.
Perhaps in response to Kuroyukihime’s resolve, the pupil of the ISS kit
main body changed color once more—from the blue of the portal locked
inside it to the dark red of venous blood.
Vwaaam! She felt a heavy vibration, and viscous darkness gushed from
the spherical brain-life surface. This aura, nothing other than the
manifestation of pure evil, rushed over to the four Burst Linkers standing
at the ready twenty meters away, where it produced a sensation akin to the
surface of their armor being stabbed by countless pins.
“Is this…all Incarnate overlay?!” Fuko shouted, almost moaning, as
she raised her right hand. A shining ripple of light blue spread out from her
palm and pushed back the dark aura. The overlay itself had no attack
power, but in contrast with how a positive aura warmed and gave courage
to those it touched, a negative aura had an effect like a chill that froze an
avatar.
Kuroyukihime, Akira, and Utai simultaneously cloaked themselves in
their own overlay colors, and the cold darkness receded. It wasn’t clear
whether or not the kit main body understood words, but just in case, she
gave her instructions in a quiet voice.
“With that body, it shouldn’t have any maneuverability! We all close
in, go around to the rear, and hit it hard!”
“Roger!” came three voices in unison as the members of Nega Nebulus
readied themselves, waiting for their leader’s mark.
“A…”
…ttack.
Before the shout could leave her lips, the aura blanketing the eyeball
concentrated to a single point. A jet-black beam shot toward them from the
pupil: the ISS kit’s particular long-distance Incarnate attack, Dark Shot.
But the scale was several orders of magnitude greater than the one Burst
Linkers infected with terminals used.
Almost as if the attack had the exact opposite attributes of Archangel
Metatron’s superheated laser, the nihilistic torrent shaved away, ate into,
and disintegrated everything it touched. And this beam charged forward to
swallow up Kuroyukihime and her comrades.

5
Once you’ve dived into the battlefield, there is only the duel, no matter
your opponent. That was what his swordmaster Kuroyukihime had taught
him.
The first time Haruyuki had fought Wolfram Cerberus was five days
earlier, on the evening of June 25. He had been completely crushed, unable
to mount any kind of real defense against Cerberus’s incredible
responsiveness, far surpassing Haruyuki’s own flight ability, and the
overwhelming hardness of his Physical Immunity.
Their rematch was the following day. After special training in the Way
of the Flexible with Kuroyukihime, he had used this new system combined
with throwing techniques to overcome the Physical Immunity ability and
secure victory, although there had been the small matter of Cerberus
switching personalities at the end.
And then again the next day, Thursday, June 27. Haruyuki had been
dragged into a battle royale, with Suginami Area No. 2 as the battlefield
rather than Nakano Area No. 2, and faced off for the third time against
Cerberus. At the climax of their fierce fight, Argon Array had jumped in
and flushed his win down the toilet, but Haruyuki still managed a face-toface meeting with Cerberus in the real world after the duel, albeit for a
mere instant.
Those fights had really brought home to him the idea of: The more
blows exchanged, the closer the hearts become. If he and Cerberus kept
dueling like that, he was sure they’d become real friends at some point.
Haruyuki truly believed that; he just couldn’t believe their fourth
encounter would come to pass here of all places.
He’d known Cerberus had some kind of deep connection with Argon
and thus with the ARS. He’d also wondered if Cerberus himself was the
success story of the Artificial Metal-Color plan based on the Mental-Scar
Shell theory Argon was such a champion of. So in a certain sense, setting

aside the timing and how they’d ended up there now, it really was
inevitable that Haruyuki would see Cerberus in the decisive battle with
them.
But I didn’t want to meet you here, Haruyuki thought, pained. The
courtyard around him was silent, but the intense battle lust from either side
clashed in the air above.
The reason he had jumped into the shadow corridor, slipped past the
guard Enemy, joined with his friends to smash an indestructible wall using
their Incarnate attacks, and arrived in this place was to get Niko back. That
was his lone objective, the one thing he needed to achieve at all costs. And
anyone who got in his way would have to be eliminated, with every bit of
force he had at his disposal.
The time for other considerations was past. He couldn’t allow himself
any softness now. Even if his opponent was the very Wolfram Cerberus he
was certain he could come to an understanding with someday.
There were certain kinds of things you could say only through a sincere
duel. That was what this principle of Kuroyukihime’s meant. But the fight
that was about to take place was no normal duel. It was an anything-goes
slaughter, with the Incarnate System fully activated right from the start. An
all-out battle that would snap the meager thread connecting Cerberus and
Haruyuki in an instant.
Even so. I believe in you. And me. Haruyuki murmured this in his heart,
and a remarkably strong wind blew through the courtyard, making the
black cross, like that on the steeple of a chapel, creak. On this signal, the
Burst Linkers—minus Black Vise—sprang into action.
“Aaaaah!”
Haruyuki dashed forward, roaring.
Before him, Cerberus slammed his fists together with a clang. The
helmet visor patterned after a wolf’s maw came down, leaving mere
millimeters between top and bottom. The Physical Immunity ability was
activated. The only attacks Haruyuki had that would work on Cerberus in
this state were throwing techniques and his special attack, Head Butt,
which caused light attribute damage. And if he tried either one while
Cerberus was on guard against him, his opponent would no doubt dodge
and hit him with a counterattack. But that was when they were in a Normal
Duel Field.
Throwing off any hesitation, Haruyuki called up a silver overlay in his

right hand. Setting his sights on the center point of Cerberus’s crossed
arms, he launched a striking attack from outside his normal two-meter
range: “Laser Sword!!”
With a sound like the shattering of glass, a sword forged of silver aura
stretched from the tip of his right hand.
Cerberus’s Physical Immunity boasted such absolute defensive power
that he had managed to take the shoulder charge of the Leonids’
heavyweight avatar Frost Horn and come out unscathed. Normally,
Cerberus could easily guard against the striking techniques of Silver
Crow’s slender hands; in fact, all that would happen was that Crow’s own
fingers would be pulverized.
But there was only one principle at work now: Incarnate techniques
could only be defended against with Incarnate techniques. Any normal
ability, any normal armor, was powerless in the face of the Incarnate
System, which overwrote the phenomena of the Accelerated World. In
response to this principle, Kuroyukihime had strictly warned Haruyuki
against using Incarnate techniques unless he was first attacked with
Incarnate, but he dared to break that promise here. Even if he did end up
dragged into the darker side of that power—if that was the price for
rescuing Niko, he’d pay it.
Haruyuki’s full-powered Incarnate attack pierced the tungsten armor
wrapped around Cerberus’s arms as though it were made of paper and sent
the virtual heart beneath them scattering in tiny pieces. Or it should have,
at least.
However, Cerberus’s right hand was cloaked in some kind of crackling
repulsive force, like a burst of high-voltage energy. The tip of the
Incarnate sword was unable to so much as touch his armor before it was
violently repelled, and Haruyuki himself was thrown backward by the
reaction.
Haruyuki’s eyes grew wide in surprise as he tried somehow to keep his
feet under him. He saw a film of purple light covering the surface of the
tungsten armor.
Cerberus hadn’t called the name of a special attack. And anyway, a
special attack couldn’t defend against an Incarnate attack. Which meant
that this luminescing phenomenon was the same as Haruyuki’s Laser
Sword, an overlay produced by the Incarnate System.
The marbled, writhing texture of the shades of purple caused a faint
déjà vu in Haruyuki, but that was quickly crowded out by his

overwhelming shock. The fights between Pard and Argon on his left and
Vise against Takumu and Chiyuri on his right had started, but he didn’t
have the extra mental energy to look at either.
“Cerberus,” he shouted hoarsely. “You know the Incarnate System?!”
“Yes.” Cerberus nodded his helmet, only the upper half exposed, his
arms still firmly crossed in front of his body and cloaked in the purple
aura. “I was told that I couldn’t fight in the Unlimited Neutral Field
without it. Although I don’t know the name of this technique.”
Cerberus sounded a little unnatural as he said this, but Haruyuki’s
shock was so great that he didn’t even notice.
It was too fast. Much too fast. Wolfram Cerberus had appeared in the
Accelerated World three days before Haruyuki’s first encounter with him.
Which meant only eight days had passed since he started dueling. Of
course, it was plausible that he had a period of training before making his
official debut, but still, until very recently he had been level one and now
he not only knew of the Incarnate System but had mastered it to a degree
where he could use it in a real fight. This was so far from the norm that it
couldn’t be neatly tied up with the word genius.
Cerberus turned his gaze for just a moment from his dumbfounded
opponent to check on the conditions of the battlefield before continuing
quietly. “I suppose I should tell you this much, at least. I believe you met
number two previously, Crow?”
“Y-yeah. The uh, what do you call it? Separate personality? That lives
in your left shoulder. We’ve been calling it Cerberus II.”
“Hee-hee, that sounds much cooler, doesn’t it? Number two and me,
number one, are indeed separate personalities. But it’s not the
psychological phenomena of so-called multiple personalities. It’s actually
a more fundamental issue; we are different people. number two was
originally an independent Burst Linker with a name other than Cerberus.”
“Independent…Burst Linker…?” Haruyuki parroted, stunned, unable to
immediately grasp the meaning of those words.
“For the details…” Cerberus sounded pained, like he was suffering
somehow. “Please ask Miss Argon someday. What I want to tell you,
Crow, is that while there are limits, the me here now is able to use the
powers of number two without the personality change. The way I flew into
this place from the sky, too, was number two’s ability, Wolf Down—to be
precise, I should say it was the power of flight he copied from you in the
previous battle. The more he uses it, however, the less time it lasts, so he

can only fly for a few seconds now.”
“……!!”
Even as he gasped in surprise, this made sense to Haruyuki in one part
of his mind. He’d remembered Cerberus II and his ability to fly when
Cerberus I had fallen from the sky a few minutes earlier, and it seemed
that thought had been exactly on the mark.
Which reminded him. When II ate Silver Crow’s arm and re-created
that power, he had said something strange: that his power wasn’t stealing,
that he wasn’t like that guy. Something like that. Haruyuki frowned
beneath his goggles, wondering what that meant, while Cerberus opened
his mouth once more.
“And this is the true issue at hand…By advancing to level five, I
became able to use not only the abilities of number two, but also the
abilities of number three to a certain extent. This Incarnate technique…
belongs to number three.”
“Wh…?” Rocked by even further shock, Haruyuki lowered his eyes
and looked at Cerberus’s arms. More than protecting Cerberus’s armor, the
purple marbling of the overlay wriggled like a worm, as though the armor
was possessed.
Haruyuki was still far from experienced with the Incarnate System, but
he knew this much, at least—whoever number three was, there was no
doubt this purple aura was one born not from the positive but the negative
Incarnate.
“Y-you can’t, Cerberus.” Haruyuki faced the small metal color
standing a mere meter away. “You can’t use someone else’s Incarnate.
You do that, and you’ll be dragged into their darkness—” But he cut
himself off and ground his teeth together tightly.
The one who used an Incarnate attack first, a technique impossible to
defend against with normal abilities, had been Haruyuki. It might have
been a borrowed Incarnate technique, but from Cerberus’s point of view, if
he hadn’t used it, he would have been dealt an irrational death in a single
blow. So Haruyuki had no right now to tell him not to use it.
As if guessing at this struggle inside Haruyuki, Cerberus gently shook
his head. “I understand what you’re trying to say, Crow. I also feel that
there’s something inside myself that is carved away when I use this power.
But…I don’t have any other options. Just as you don’t, Crow.”
This voice, low and throaty and yet filled with a powerful resolve,
struck Haruyuki. Unconsciously nodding in return, he thought, It’s true—I

already made up my mind. To rescue Niko at any cost—no matter what I
had to sacrifice. I can’t hesitate here. There’s only one thing I can do.
“Yeah, you’re right. I was the one who wasn’t prepared. Cerberus, to
save my friend, I’ll fight you,” he said, newly resolved.
“That’s exactly what I’d like, Crow.” Cerberus was similarly strongwilled. “I will also fight for what I want. Please come at me with
everything you’ve got. Otherwise, you won’t be able to defeat me as I am
now.”
Cerberus’s declaration was a definite fact. The conditions were all the
same: level, status, even Incarnate techniques. Whether he met with
victory or defeat came down to nothing other than the power of his
techniques and his heart.
Dropping his hips and readying both hands, Haruyuki stared at the
younger boy with the slightly long hair on the other side of Cerberus’s
visor. From this moment, he would forget the Artificial Metal-Color plan
and number two and three. He had a reason to fight, and he didn’t need
anything else to face Cerberus on the battlefield.
Here I come!! He transformed the silent shout into a platinum aura
emitted from his entire body and pushed off the ground.
Cerberus also charged directly at him—arms covered in the purple
pulsation.
There was no changing the fact that Incarnate techniques were the most
powerful weapons in Brain Burst, but given that they could both use them,
he couldn’t really rely on that alone. An opponent could easily see the
timing of Incarnate techniques that required the name to be called or some
advance movement, so if he just recklessly lashed out, Cerberus would
evade it and hit Haruyuki with a counterattack. This applied to special
attacks as well, but the risk was greater with Incarnate techniques, given
that they could fail to activate depending on your mental state.
Thus, Haruyuki simply readied himself to shoot back at Cerberus’s
body slam, with the overlay still lodged in both arms for defense. His aim
was to move from the Way of the Flexible to a throwing technique—a
guard reversal. Cerberus’s forehead, protected by a tungsten armor far
harder than the silver of Silver Crow’s, closed in on him, and he sank
down with everything he had. Dodging the special attack, Head Butt,
Haruyuki grabbed onto Cerberus’s left arm with both hands.
In their third duel, after he’d managed to throw Cerberus, he’d been
pulled into a fierce struggle on the ground. But Cerberus could only do that

because they had been in a snowy Ice stage. The earth in a Twilight stage
was covered in marble tile, so there would be nothing to cushion his fall.
Cerberus switched from a head butt to a body press, trying to knock
Haruyuki and his throw off-balance, and lunged at him from above. But
Kuroyukihime’s Way of the Flexible was to manipulate the vector and
motion of the opponent’s force even when the two fighters were in close
contact. Haruyuki gripped Cerberus’s left arm and further accelerated his
forward roll. At the same time, he pushed his right elbow into Cerberus’s
stomach and got into position for an overhead throw—
“Raaaah!” the young wolf howled abruptly. And then, Haruyuki saw
semitransparent wings shimmering hazily as they stretched out from
Cerberus’s back.
The wolf’s downward acceleration increased with a jolt. The phantom
wings only generated an instant’s thrust before melting into the air and
disappearing, but that was plenty to ruin Haruyuki’s throw. Unable to repel
the weight of the heavy avatar combined with the propulsive thrust of the
wings, Haruyuki slammed into the ground on his back.
“Nngh!” A groan slipped out of his mouth, and his body bounced.
Behind him, Cerberus spun around at lightning speed to wrap his hands
around Haruyuki’s neck and his legs around his waist. He squeezed hard,
and the sharp, tapered edges of his tungsten armor ate into Silver Crow,
sending orange sparks cascading.
This was basically how things had played out in the battle royale three
days earlier, but the one difference was that the choke hold now was from
behind rather than head-on. In this position, Haruyuki couldn’t use Head
Butt. And like the last time, he couldn’t deploy the wings on his back,
either, so he wouldn’t be able to use a drop attack from sudden altitude or
drag Cerberus scraping along the ground with parallel flight. Meanwhile,
the viselike pressure slowly crushed him.
“I’m sorry,” Cerberus murmured in his ear. “I kept aside just a second
of time in which I could use the wings. I won’t be able to use them
anymore in this battle, though.”
“I…see. Quick…response as always. Dam…mit.” He managed to
squeeze out a reply, but his health gauge was steadily dropping. The 50
percent or so he’d been left with at the end of the Metatron fight was now
cut in half, dropping into the yellow zone. If he’d gotten Chiyuri to heal
him with Citron Call when they’d met up again, he would have been able
to fight in top form. But unfortunately, too much time had passed since he

took the damage, making that impossible.
Of course, it was possible to get her to heal the wounds he was taking
in this battle, but he’d never beat Cerberus by relying on that. He had to
turn this tight situation around with his own intelligence and power.
Don’t panic. Calm down—and do what you can do. As he resisted a
pressure that seemed to have absolutely no give, Haruyuki quieted his
feelings and tried to focus on the situation.
It was true that the explosion of emotion and battle spirit could generate
a great deal of power. But he had only just learned in the Metatron fight
that there were some walls you couldn’t break with that power alone.
Sometimes, you had to fight by finding the merest hint of an opening
through honed powers of concentration.
Abruptly, like a switch in his mind, Haruyuki’s consciousness
accelerated another level—the super-acceleration that had come over him
any number of times in the climax of a fierce battle. The color of the air
changed, and the sound of the world receded. In the midst of this quiet
time, Haruyuki began to think.
What are the weapons left to me right now?
He naturally couldn’t use Silver Crow’s greatest weapon, his wings.
Because he was being held from behind, Head Butt was also ineffective.
And he didn’t know whether or not he could deploy his newest power,
Metatron Wings, in this situation. Not to mention that his Incarnate
techniques were repelled by the purple defensive aura and couldn’t reach
Cerberus’s armor.
He exhausted the list of noes and found that the one bit of good news
was that his arms were completely free. He wouldn’t get anywhere
attacking Cerberus’s arms or torso with his bare hands when Physical
Immunity was activated, though, so he had only one course of action from
this position, restrained with his face to the sky.
“Using a hold technique that takes time…was a mistake, Cerberus,”
Haruyuki muttered, raising both arms high up into the sky.
The light of Incarnate grew in his hands. First, he stretched out the aura
in his right hand to produce a silver lance in the air. He set his left hand on
the base of the lance and focused his concentration, utterly intent on the
image of a ballista.
“…What?” Cerberus’s voice came in his ear, but Haruyuki didn’t
respond. Instead, he moved his arms quickly and aimed instinctively.
“Laser Javelin!!”

Zwwp! The air shook, and the Incarnate lance flew parallel to the
ground.
With no homing function, the javelin couldn’t hit Cerberus behind him.
But while Cerberus was fighting Haruyuki to defeat him, Haruyuki was
not trying to crush Cerberus. He’d had one objective from the very start—
to save Niko. To that end, he fired at the jet-black cross restraining her and
probably keeping her unconscious, too.
The Incarnate lance carved out a platinum trajectory across the
courtyard toward the altar, red in the evening sun, to land smack in the
middle of the base of the cross, and nearly half of the thin, twentycentimeter panel crumbled. A little ways off, Black Vise whirled his head
around to stare at Haruyuki. But his left arm was busy doing double duty
at the cross while his right was a shield of several panels defending against
Takumu’s savage onslaught, so there was nothing he could do about
Haruyuki’s attack.
“One more time!” Haruyuki shouted, starting the motion to activate the
javelin.
“Whatcha doin’ there, Onesie?!” Argon shouted in irritation, caught in
a dizzyingly frantic battle with Pard on the south side of the courtyard.
“’Least try do your last job for real-like!”
“Nngh!” Cerberus let out a short grunt and tried to bring Haruyuki
down to the side. He was likely trying to put Haruyuki at an angle that
prevented him from launching a long-distance attack, but given that he was
using both arms and legs in the hold technique, he couldn’t twist their two
bodies around so easily.
Haruyuki thrust his left hand to the ground and resisted Cerberus with
all his might before suddenly releasing his hold on the ground and twisting
his body forcefully to the left. With the accelerated momentum, Cerberus
spun around ninety degrees and loosened his grip on Haruyuki ever so
slightly, allowing Haruyuki to spin another 180 degrees. Now, instead of
holding Haruyuki from behind, Cerberus was facing his captive.
His back now exposed, Haruyuki fully deployed the silver wings
pressed down against his back and activated them to full power. The
moment their tangled bodies rose up into the air, Cerberus quickly released
his hold. That choice was not a mistake—to avoid being yanked up to a
high altitude.
But Haruyuki never had any intention of flying up high. He only risked
being sniped by Argon, and more than anything else, a draw with dropping

damage would be a loss in this fight because he had to get away from
Cerberus and rescue Niko.
“Heeyah!” From just short of a mere meter up, he charged at Cerberus,
who had one knee against the ground. He flipped over in midair and
launched a roundhouse kick at Cerberus’s face from behind, and Cerberus
raised both arms to defend. Of course, he couldn’t be damaged, but the
kick was just the groundwork to get him to raise his guard. Using his
wings, Haruyuki landed instantly, and with the light of the Incarnate still
lodged in his right fist, he launched a hit at Cerberus’s open body.
Just as he had feared, however, the purple pulsation wasn’t only in
Cerberus’s arms; he tried to defend against the punch by generating the
aura on his body as well. Most likely, it was an automatic mechanism to
respond to an opponent’s Incarnate rather than Cerberus’s instinctive
Incarnate usage, but this made the reaction speed just the tiniest bit slower
than that of an experienced user. Haruyuki himself was still very much a
beginner when it came to the Incarnate System, but he was confident he
could manage essentially the same speed as in a normal duel if he was just
launching strikes enhanced by overlay rather than activating actual
Incarnate techniques.
His right hook, with its silver light, was repelled by the purple aura
when it was vexingly close, and once again, sparks went flying
everywhere. But while Cerberus lost his balance under the reactive force,
Haruyuki anticipated this pushback and used it to spin on the axis of his
body and connect that with a left hook. The defensive aura was just an
instant too late for this immediate follow-up attack.
Crack! Another furious shower of sparks. But this time, the tip of his
fist grazed the tungsten armor. As his left hand was pushed back, he took a
large step forward with his right foot, and his third blow, a right elbow
strike, plunged deep into the armor’s thin solar plexus.
“Nngh!” Cerberus yelped.
Finally, the pace of Haruyuki’s successive blows surpassed the reaction
speed of the purple aura. The Physical Immunity ability also could not
completely defend against the Incarnate-enhanced blows. The force of the
elbow strike pushed all the way to the naked avatar body below the armor
and dealt damage, causing the avatar to stumble backward.
Now I rush him!
“Aaaaaah!!” Yelling a furious battle cry, Haruyuki began his Aerial
Combo, a series of three-dimensional attacks using the instantaneous thrust

of his wings. The dizzying succession of blows from fists and feet, elbows
and knees, and even his head, caused sparks to blossom like fireworks in
the air. Not every hit made it past the purple aura—about half were
repelled and caused no damage—but he paid that no mind as he danced in
the air.
Cerberus appeared to be doubling down on his defense while looking
for an opening to grab Haruyuki again, but now that both his Physical
Immunity and Incarnate defense were unraveling, he was having more and
more trouble simply staying on his feet. Perhaps realizing this, the light of
his eyes flashed strongly beneath his goggles after a few seconds.
“Ngah!” The sharp cry joined a right straight to meet Haruyuki’s left
hook. It was an impeccably timed counterattack, but Haruyuki vibrated his
left wing unconsciously and simply slid his body five centimeters to the
right. At the same time as Cerberus’s fist passed by his helmet, scraping it
slightly, he released a right upper as a counter to the counter.
But Cerberus turned his face with terrifying reaction speed and dodged
his fist. With his right hand, he pushed on the back of Haruyuki’s head and
shot his leg out in a Muay Thai Ti Khao. When Haruyuki raised his right
leg to just barely guard against it, the collision between knee and knee
whipped up a flood of sparks that illuminated their faces from below.
So close to his opponent that their foreheads were almost touching,
Haruyuki exchanged an instantaneous glance with Cerberus.
They would fight until one or the other fell. This intensity radiated in
the space between their face masks, sparking and crackling.
Haruyuki leapt back momentarily and then kicked off the ground.
Forward. Always forward.
From a distance, the two metal colors fighting one-on-one looked like
guns firing at zero range. Arms to guard against punches, shins guarding
against kicks, two blows occasionally crashing into each other—flowers of
sparks and overlay bloomed in the air. The gunshot sound of the impacts
rang out and roared, making the air around them shimmer like a mirage.
Haruyuki’s Aerial Combo was winning with its many techniques and
variations, but Cerberus had the greater inherent defensive ability and
striking power. Their health gauges dwindled at essentially the same rate;
whoever could get a clean hit in first—whoever could attack faster—
would secure the victory.
“Unh…Aaaaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki squeezed this voice out from the
depths of his stomach, pouring all his mental and physical strength into

each successive blow.
“Heee…yaaaaaaaaah!!” Cerberus yowled in response.
If they had been rushing each other like this in the real world, it would
have been all they could do to draw breath, but the avatars of the
Accelerated World didn’t need oxygen. What was consumed instead was
the energy of their very spirits, the power generated from believing in
yourself, caring about your comrades, and burning with battle spirit.
Even as the ultra-high-speed battle unfolded, Haruyuki’s expanded
perception caught a sense of his comrades fighting on either side.
Pard, in Beast Mode once more, had grown Incarnate claws longer than
Haruyuki’s when he was Disasterfied and fangs like those of a sabertoothed tiger. She was in a heated contest with Argon Array, who fired her
lasers wildly, machine-gun style.
Takumu, meanwhile, had turned the pile in his right hand into the Cyan
Sword and was ferociously charging Black Vise, who had transformed his
own right hand into a shield of several panels. The reason Vise wasn’t
using his restraint technique was likely because Takumu was relentless in
his assault, leaving Vise no opening to pull the shield back. In a tag team
with Takumu, Chiyuri stood at the ready with the Choir Chime of her left
hand to heal Takumu in case of the worst. She wasn’t entirely over the
exhaustion from abruptly activating the Incarnate System to break the wall
of the classroom, but she was hanging back a bit because of it.
They were all fighting hard to save Niko, of course, but they were also
creating an opportunity for Haruyuki to go head-to-head with Cerberus.
No, it wasn’t just Pard, Takumu, and Chiyuri: Fuko, who had initiated him
into the Incarnate System; Utai, who had opened his eyes to the Optical
Conduction ability; Akira, who had saved him from a brush with total
point loss; his rival Ash Roller, who had sharpened swords with him; and
Kuroyukihime, who had opened the door to this world for him—they and
so many others gave Haruyuki the power to fight now. Including even
Niko, currently restrained on the altar; the Enemy Archangel Metatron;
and Cerberus, trading blows with him here.
Cerberus! Haruyuki shouted in one corner of his mind, pushing his
rush up to his very limits. You’re strong. On pure talent alone, I don’t even
begin to compare with you. But you can’t beat me while you’re fighting
with fists tightened by suffering and sadness!
“Aaaah!” As he roared again, his loudest yet, Haruyuki’s right uppercut
finally broke Cerberus’s iron protective wall. His fist slipped past the

block, a gap of a mere—yet decisive—thousandth or millionth of a second,
and slammed violently into the jaw of the lupine face. The purple aura was
too late.
Haruyuki’s Incarnate-assisted blow cracked the tungsten armor—
lightning bolt darting outward on the surface—and sent the small avatar
sailing up into the sky. He could have chased after him for a follow-up
blow, but Haruyuki waited for Cerberus to fall back to earth, his fist still
shooting up into the sky.
He’d said what he needed to say. Through his fists and the size, heat,
and power of the energy supporting him.
A few seconds later, he heard a fierce skreenk, and Cerberus plunged
into the ground backward, legs and arms splayed in the shape of an X. He
showed no signs of getting up.
Lowering his hand, Haruyuki walked over to the gray wolf. Before he
could say anything, a quiet voice came to him through the face mask,
cracked in a zigzag pattern from the jaw up to almost the eyes.
“…That’s the first time I’ve lost…in a fistfight.”
“…It is?” Haruyuki said.
Cerberus turned his head toward him slightly. “When I was defeated by
your throwing techniques in our second duel…I told you, yes? That I lost
but I was still happy, that I’d work hard and get stronger.”
“Uh-huh.”
“But the truth is, I was so sincerely vexed in that moment. I grew so
hot, and I very nearly cried, I was so frustrated. But…I couldn’t tell you
that because I was an idiot. I actually wanted to shout my frustrations, but I
couldn’t…”
At some point, the fighting to either side of Haruyuki had been
temporarily suspended. It wasn’t just his friends; Argon and even Vise
seemed to be listening to what Cerberus had to say, in the moments they
could spare.
“The reason control of the avatar shifted to number two that time is
because I suppressed my own feelings—my will to fight—and ended up in
a Zero Fill. Although he was happy to get to fight you…” With a faint air
of a smile, Cerberus slowly raised his fist, covered in countless tiny cuts.
But perhaps he didn’t have enough strength left to hold it up, because the
hand dropped back down to the ground. As if the clang was a signal, the
wolf’s maw visor opened. The goggles beneath reflected the evening sky
of the Twilight stage.

“But I’m not vexed this time,” Cerberus said in a remarkably clear
voice. “I gave it my everything. Techniques, speed, abilities; I even
mobilized the powers of number two and number three and fought in a
trance. It was only for a mere instant, but I forgot the reason I was fighting
and the role I’d been given…I really ‘dueled.’ I…I’m satisfied with this.
I’ve been rewarded, more than enough…” A drop of transparent light
pearled out from the fine cracks in his goggles and slid down the shining
surface of his armor.
Haruyuki took a step forward. “What are you talking about, Cerberus?”
he asked, raising his voice a little. “This is still just the one time. If you
want to have a real duel, you can do it whenever you want from now on.”
The answer he got was a second teardrop. “Crow, I said it before the
start of the duel…I’ve lost the reason I was permitted to exist, there’s
nothing else to discuss. It’s been decided—there’s nothing I can do about
it.”
“But that’s—!” Haruyuki started to shout, but Cerberus’s tranquil gaze
closed his mouth. Something in those eyes—pride or dignity or a readiness
—checked any words Haruyuki had.
“As long as I’m a Burst Linker, I can’t go up against them—the
Society. They won’t hesitate to take Brain Burst away the moment they
feel I’m in the way. But…even so, there is just one thing I can decide for
myself. And that’s how I will disappear from the Accelerated World.”
The aura around Argon and Vise changed the slightest bit at this. But
Pard and Takumu kept their Incarnate weapons at the ready and held the
two Society members back.
“In their plan, I was to disappear at this time in this place, leaving only
the avatar— No, I was to change into something else. But of all the things
to happen, I wish to escape that alone. So…I adjusted the balance of my
burst points in secret. Right now, the points left to me are ten.”
“……!!”
Haruyuki gasped sharply, and he felt an even greater sense of urgency
from Argon and Vise.
Ten points left. Compared with the terrible trap Haruyuki had fallen
into once, driven into a corner with only two points left, Cerberus had
some wiggle room, but he was clearly near death at the moment. If
Haruyuki, level five just like Cerberus, didn’t stay his hand and instead
struck the final blow, the tungsten avatar would in that instant face total
point loss and be completely erased.

Haruyuki was about to take an instinctive step back, but Cerberus’s
powerful gaze held him still.
“I also considered losing all my points to a nearby Enemy opponent,
but given who I’m up against, that was also an imperfect plan. So I made a
wager. That you would come to save your friend. And then you would
fight me, and whichever of us won or lost, you would be kind enough to
listen to my story.”
Cerberus thrust his left hand into the ground and pushed his battered
torso up, wobbling. Beneath the cracked goggles, a light shone, the
strongest and straightest Haruyuki had seen since they met five days
earlier. “Crow,” the young wolf said. “Please fly with me outside of Tokyo
—to the very ends of the Accelerated World where no one will ever find
me—and there take away my points. There is no other way for you to save
your friend.”
Haruyuki had trouble even getting his head around Cerberus’s true
intentions, much less obeying his request. As he stood there stock-still,
gaping, he heard muffled laughter.
“Pff, heh-heh, ha-ha-ha…” The one laughing, both arms wrapped
around her slender body, enormous hat shaking, was the Quad Eyes
Analyst, Argon Array. “Ha-ha-ha! This is really somethin’. Never dreamed
you’d go that far. Gettin’ the job done, huh, Onesie? Warms the heart, it
does. As the parent what raised ya. You’re really all grown now.”
Her laughter died away, and she nodded several times, hands on her
hips. “T’think a mighty BB player, a base Burst Linker like our little
Onesie’s rebelling from our Society—whaddaya call this? Like, the
student becomes the teacher, yeah? Guess it’s only natural. Knighty boy
hears this, he’ll be raging, though. Ha-ha-ha! …Still, though, huh, baby,
you leaving your momma, it’s still a bit— You’re just way too young for
that yet.”
Pard carefully took position between Argon and Cerberus, ready to
repel with her Incarnate power at any surprise laser attacks. But unlike the
other day’s battle royale, it was unlikely Argon would shoot Cerberus now
as punishment. All her efforts would amount to nothing if his remaining
health gauge was to vanish and he was to die, after all. In which case, was
Argon planning to force Cerberus into his “role” somehow?
“Onesie, I’m sorry, ’kay?” the Analyst said unexpectedly. “Seems
you’re thinking you c’n stay so long as you’re not Zero Filling…But the

president’s Revive the Dead’s not such a nicey-nice technique as all that.
Honestly, ya made a deal with a real devil—”
“Array,” Black Vise warned curtly.
Shrugging lightly, the Analyst changed her tone and continued, “Well,
that’s the long an’ short of it. So patience, Onesie. When we get back over
there, I’ll buy you lunch in the caf—so no hard feelings, yeah?”
“…No matter what you say to me, I have no intention of following
your orders any further. You people are wrong. You…mustn’t do this.”
Cerberus returned resolutely and stretched his right hand toward Haruyuki
from his spot on the ground. “Crow, please hurry and take me away from
this place. If you do, they shouldn’t fight your comrades any further. They
do nothing without purpose…That’s their code of conduct.”
Staring doubtfully at the extended hand, Haruyuki was assaulted by a
moment of indecision. Just as he had told himself firmly before the start of
the battle, his only goal right then was to retrieve Niko; he absolutely
could not waver on this. But if what Cerberus had said was true, then he
couldn’t save her even if he defeated Cerberus now. Plus, if he took
Cerberus down, then the other metal color would lose all his points.
Why had Argon and Vise summoned Cerberus to this place to begin
with? It had to be because they needed him to “process” Niko somehow.
So if he carried Cerberus very far away, as Cerberus wanted him to, the
danger for Niko would recede for the time being. Or it should.
Haruyuki made his decision and pushed aside his hesitation to grab
hold of Cerberus’s hand.
Gripping Haruyuki’s hand tightly in return, Cerberus lowered his voice
and said, “Actually…it might have been best if I’d never come to this
place and instead disappeared somewhere far away by myself. But…I
wanted to fight you in the end. I wanted to fight to our hearts’ content…
and to say thank you…”
“…Cerberus.” Putting enough strength into his grip that he just barely
didn’t generate damage, Haruyuki finally gave voice to his hardened
resolve. “I’m going to do just as you asked. But I won’t take you to total
loss. I just know there’s another way. A way to save both Rain and you.”
Without waiting for a reply, he turned to tell Pard to hold the fort for
just a bit. She was standing a few dozen meters away, her back turned to
him.
“As if there could be,” a voice said, as cold and dry as a dead tree in the
middle of winter, all hint of sunshine whittled away from it. “I mean, a

way to save someone. There ain’t no such thing in this world. Like, right
from the very start and beginnin’, there was no salvation. There was only
hatred, fighting, betrayal, fraud, violation, lament, despair, etcetera,
etcetera. I’ll teach you boys right now just how cruel the Accelerated
World really is.” Cutting off her icy speech, Argon Array let the hands on
her hips drop loosely to her sides and cocked her goggled head slightly to
one side. “Yer turn, Threezie. Cerberus number three, activate!”
Haruyuki tensed reflexively, thinking she was calling a special-attack
name. But no. It wasn’t Argon Array who moved, but rather Wolfram
Cerberus, hand still in Haruyuki’s.
The visor on his face creaked as it began to close. This was apparently
against Cerberus’s will; he let out a small wail and tried to stop the
movement of the visor with one hand. But the thick metallic armor steadily
closed as though controlled by some high-output hydraulic device. The
five centimeters of exposed goggles were slowly being swallowed up and
hidden by the wolf teeth.
“Cerberus!” Haruyuki called, reaching out to grab the upper part of the
visor. A cold like dry ice stabbed his fingertips, even through his armor.
No, not cold. An extremely thin overlay was oozing from the surface of
Cerberus’s armor. This purple was not so much light as it was a kind of
thick liquid that squirmed and wriggled.
“C…row…,” Cerberus said in a pained voice when the visible slice of
his lenses had been cut to a single centimeter. “I’m…sorry…I never…
knew…they would force…three to wake up…”
“You can beat this, Cerberus! Just hold on!” Desperately, Haruyuki
tried to shove his fingers into the remaining five-millimeter gap in the
visor. But the heavy, edged armor mercilessly pushed Haruyuki’s silver
away and continued its steady march. Three millimeters, two…
“Run, Crow. Before…he comes…out…” Those were the last words of
Cerberus—no, “Onesie,” Cerberus I.
Shklak! With a sound like the slicing of a large cutting machine, the
visor closed completely. Haruyuki’s one hand was knocked back in the
impact, but with the other, he held tightly to Cerberus’s.
“Cerberus! Don’t give up, Cerberus!!” No matter how desperately he
called to him, the wolf’s maw, teeth pressed firmly together, no longer
reacted in any way. The small metal color simply sat on the marble tiles, a
metal statue.
Skree, skree. Suddenly, there was a new creaking. The source was not

the visor on the head, but below it—the shoulder armor. The heavy armor
looked extraordinarily like a face mask, and the zigzagging line that cut
across it was opening. Haruyuki had witnessed this before, in the final
stage of their second duel. When the visor on the head closed and the
shoulder armor opened, it brought about a personality change in Wolfram
Cerberus of an unknown logic.
But this phenomenon had occurred in a different place four days ago.
Instead of the left shoulder, the armor of the right was opening before
Haruyuki’s eyes. And in contrast to the red of the left—number two—the
light spilling out from the jagged gap on the right was a dark purple. The
same color as the aura that had automatically defended Cerberus in their
fight.
Chang! The armor of the right shoulder opened completely.
Haruyuki felt an intensely icy shiver run up his spine. Instinctively, he
let go of the hand and tried to jump back, but he was a moment too late.
Aura in the form of claws jetting from Cerberus’s hand dug deeply into
Haruyuki’s armor to slice open three gashes.
Haruyuki had felt this sensation before, although he knew he couldn’t
have. A feeling not of being ripped open by a hard cutting implement, but
of being carved away by an emptiness made manifest like air. The
technique of someone who had wounded Silver Crow’s armor again and
again and again…
Rooted to the spot, he watched Cerberus slowly stand as though pulled
by an invisible thread. He clumsily covered his face with the purple claws
of his right hand. Haruyuki heard a peculiar sound coming from inside the
avatar’s face mask, like a gear racing or droplets of water on a steel
plate…
No, it was laughter. A sneering keh-keh-keh from deep in his throat.
Neither Cerberus I nor II had ever laughed like that. Yet it sparked an even
brighter flame in Haruyuki’s memory.
I know someone who laughs like this. But I don’t want to know. I don’t
want to remember.
As if sneering at even Haruyuki’s thoughts, the gray duel avatar
lowered his right hand ever so slightly and spoke through the fiendish form
of his claws.
“We finally meet, hmm? It’s been a while, Arita.”

6
Fuko and Utai leapt to the right, while Kuroyukihime and Akira went left.
They were trying to dodge the extra-large Dark Shots launched from the
ISS kit main body.
If it had been the same technique as the kit users’, they would have
avoided it with room to spare. But the Incarnate beam from the jet-black
eye was simply too large. Although they managed to escape being
swallowed up by the main current—albeit just barely—the dark splash
scattering from it like a halo glommed on to their avatars and ate away
countless tiny holes in their armor. Kuroyukihime felt icy needles stabbing
at her, and her health gauge decreased a minute but real amount.
“Nngh!” She gritted her teeth unconsciously as she landed. They were
still more than twenty meters away from the kit main body. If she was
taking this kind of scraping damage this far away after dodging a direct hit,
she had to assume her gauge would plummet into the red if she took the
Dark Shot at close range. And of course, if she failed to evade a direct hit,
she might even be killed instantly.
That said, keeping their distance and lobbing blows back and forth was
an even worse plan. With only one pure long-distance type in Ardor
Maiden, they wouldn’t so much as tickle the thing. If it came down to a
contest of sheer firepower, they were the ones who would be shot down.
Kuroyukihime came to this conclusion after watching the Dark Shot
they’d evaded cut across the forty-fifth floor of Midtown Tower, open up a
hole in the wall on the north side, and fly off into the distance in the
evening sky. If it had been a physical projectile instead of a beam
technique, it would have hit somewhere around Akasaka and caused
massive destruction. In fact, if the aim had been a little lower to one side, it
would have actually done so.
“A few more shots, and it’ll blow the building itself away,” Akira
murmured from beside her. And if that came to pass, it would be a

concerning development.
“In that case,” Kuroyukihime replied, “given that it’s swallowed up the
portal, the kit main body would be left hanging in space by itself…is that
it?”
“Probably.” Akira nodded sharply, the armor of her face mask now 60
percent recovered.
“Then a long battle would be bad. I guess the only thing to do is get
close and polish it off in one go,” Fuko commented, standing at the ready a
little off to the right. “But given that it’s the leader of the ISS kits, it should
also be able to use the close-range attack—Dark Blow. Although I don’t
exactly know how it could when it has no hands.”
“I don’t want to see that eyeball grow hands and feet. Dammit!”
Kuroyukihime’s voice was venomous. “I know there’s no point in
complaining about it now, but the fact that it can use both long- and closerange Incarnate techniques however it wants is simply too much!”
“Then we just have to make it so it can’t,” Akira responded calmly.
“I suppose so…”
As they conversed in hushed voices, the enormous eyeball continued to
stare at them from beneath its half-closed lid—its gaze filled with
inorganic malice. If they took even one step toward it—if they so much as
glared at it—the thing would no doubt fire off the massive Dark Shot once
again. The next time they moved, they would have to have confidence in
their victory and an unshakable resolve.
The problem was they couldn’t see the kit main body’s health gauge.
Yet another piece of evidence that it was not an Enemy perhaps, but even
if it was a Burst Linker like Kuroyukihime and her friends, as the shadow
of Red Rider had said, that didn’t necessarily mean that its health gauge
would be more or less the same as theirs. From start to finish, the thing
was beyond any known norms, so in the ultimate extreme, it could even
have been equipped with a God-class health gauge. At the very least, they
couldn’t charge it without knowing that they could destroy it, even if they
had to beat it back blow by blow with their most powerful techniques.
“We’re just wasting time glaring at each other like this,” Kuroyukihime
said, her voice strained.
At the moment, the group that had gone after Argon Array and Black
Vise were likely in a fierce battle. That Vise and his ilk hadn’t shown up at
Midtown Tower was proof that Silver Crow and the others were fighting
valiantly. They had to get the portal back as soon as possible, pull Niko’s

cable out, and yank her from the Accelerated World. If her avatar
disappeared, Vise wouldn’t bother to keep fighting pointlessly. Even if her
team was split into two groups of four, their battlefields were connected.
Haruyuki, hang in there a little longer. I will fulfill my role here.
Willing this thought to that other, distant battlefield, Kuroyukihime
murmured to the Elements around her, “We evade the next Dark Shot and
then attack. Curren and Raker with the Incarnate defense, while Maiden
and I use long-distance Incarnate attacks—”
“I’d like you to leave the attacking to me,” a childlike yet resolute
voice interrupted.
Kuroyukihime turned her eyes momentarily toward Utai, who was
standing coolly beside Fuko. “But Maiden, even you can’t attack alone—”
“I have developed a technique specifically for this kind of large and
ponderous enemy. If I can activate it, I will empty its health gauge—no
matter how large that might be. It takes three—no, two minutes to prepare
for activation, though, so I need you to hang on through that somehow,
Lotus.” This was an unusually bold statement for Utai, who didn’t have a
belligerent bone in her body, despite being called the Shrine Maiden of the
Conflagration.
Fuko looked back, eye lenses blinking, and nodded as though she was
satisfied somehow. “Mei, did you maybe have this technique for the God
—?” But she cut herself off and turned forward again. “Understood. We’ll
leave it to you. That’s all right, yes, Curren? Lotus?”
Kuroyukihime didn’t have to look at Akira’s face; she responded with
immediate decision. “Of course. We’re counting on you, Maiden.”
“We can hang on for two minutes, at least,” Akira said.
Utai nodded firmly in return. “Well then, let’s begin.” She held up high
in her left hand the longbow Flame Caller. Instantly, the bow was
enveloped in transparent flames before contracting and shrinking into the
form of a hand fan.
Pop! At the same time as the white fan opened with a satisfying snap,
the face of her avatar was hidden by new armor. A simple, clean face mask
with only narrow slits for the eyes, almost like—no, exactly like—a Noh
mask.
Perhaps in response to Utai’s mode change, the ISS kit main body
snapped open its slightly narrowed lid. Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Akira
instantly aligned their breathing and leapt out at the same time.
“Over here, monster eye!” she shouted, kneading her imagination as

she ran. A deep red overlay grew in the sword of her right hand. The pupil
of the massive eyeball trembled intermittently as if it didn’t know who to
target, but eventually its gaze caught Kuroyukihime dashing along the left
side of the floor.
Although she had succeeded in drawing its focus away from Utai, it
would see through her diversion if she stopped her attack now. She had to
follow the technique through to its conclusion, even at the risk of being hit.
Incarnate techniques took the mental trauma of the Burst Linker as
their energy source. Thus, just like the duel avatars, each and every
technique held a unique form and potential. On the other hand, there was
also one limitation which nearly all Incarnate techniques shared: The
activation success ratio dropped significantly while doing any action
unrelated to the technique, such as talking or running. Even Fuko, a master
of the Incarnate System, and of course, Kuroyukihime, were no exceptions
to this principle.
However, at this moment at least, she couldn’t stop her feet. She
needed to dodge the Dark Shot that was no doubt coming at any moment
while also attacking with Incarnate techniques. It would be difficult, but
she had no choice.
“Aaaaah!” Racing ahead, Kuroyukihime amplified the overlay in her
right hand. At the same time, the pupil of the kit main body shone with
dark sparks. “Vorpal Strike!!”
Kuroyukihime released a crimson spear; the eyeball shot forth a ball of
inky-black light. She extended the Incarnate spear several dozen meters
with 80 percent of her mind and ran with the remaining 20 percent. This
was multitasking in the extreme, but given that Black Lotus had the power
to move by hovering, she didn’t need to keep kicking at the ground with
both feet in order to run. She could move at high speeds simply by leaning
forward and concentrating her strength into her legs. It wasn’t that this had
no drawbacks—sudden changes in direction were not great while hovering
—but at that moment, at any rate, all she had to do was lean in…
“…!”
The red and black Incarnate attacks slipped past each other, and
Kuroyukihime opened her eyes wide.
The Dark Shot was spinning in a spiral, bending to the left. She had
thought light-beam techniques couldn’t have homing abilities, but she
quickly realized this was merely her own preconception. That sort of
commonsense thinking didn’t apply to Incarnate techniques.

If she kept running straight ahead, it would catch up with her. She had
to turn to the right, but if she did that while she had an Incarnate technique
activated, there was a very good chance she would fall. Even as
Kuroyukihime gritted her teeth, the jet-black torrent closed in on her,
resonating with both high and low vibrations.
“Lotus!!”
The voice came with an intense impact to the right side of her back.
Her body was pushed off the Dark Shot’s trajectory, and the massive lance
passed her, a mere meter away. Her own red spear plunged into the white
of the kit main body, and liquid like blood gushed out. The feedback was
faint, but it seemed she did some damage at least; the main body
shuddered and shook its bulk, blinking over and over and over.
Here, finally, Kuroyukihime turned her gaze to find Fuko, who had
fired Gale Thruster to push Kuroyukihime out of the way, off to the right.
A dark residue was scattered around her and her two slender legs were
severed cruelly at the knee. She had taken the Dark Shot in
Kuroyukihime’s place.
“Fuko!” she cried in a strangled voice and whirled around to embrace
her friend.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, a wound as severe as a severed limb—
not to mention losing half of both legs in one blow—would bring about a
terrifying intensity of pain. The avatar would be unable to move briefly,
and it would be within the realm of normalcy if they fell into shock for a
brief period.
But Fuko courageously replied, “Not there yet!” and summoned a new
Enhanced Armament. She pulled free of Kuroyukihime’s arms and sat
down in the silver wheelchair that materialized in the place of Gale
Thruster before pointing at the struggling kit main body. “I’m all right!
Let’s stay the course!”
“Right!” Kuroyukihime kicked ferociously at the floor with her right
foot. She leaned as far forward as she could for a super-high-speed hover
dash. Fuko’s wheelchair followed lightly to her right, and Akira was
running just as hard even farther down the line.
She was nearly certain that the ISS kit main body had the close-range
Incarnate technique Dark Blow. The problem was how the massive
eyeball, lacking hands and feet, would activate it. If, hypothetically, there
was some kind of advance action, then it would be possible to dodge as
long as they didn’t miss seeing it. If, in the worst case, there was no

motion, and they were shot from all directions—well, they’d handle that
when it happened.
Having closed a dozen meters in an instant, the Burst Linkers avoided
the front where the eyelid was and came in to attack from the sides.
First, Akira cloaked her entire body in a pure blue overlay. She called
the technique name with maximum volume. “Phase Trans: Keen!”
Instantly, the flowing-water armor that enveloped her slender avatar
froze in place, transforming into clear, transparent shielding. Her silhouette
grew even more slender, thanks to the long katars that appeared on both
arms. Akira crossed the blades before her, thin and sharp like razors, and
prepared to fight.
She danced about the fleshy armor of the ISS kit main body to hit it
with successive high-speed blows. Enhanced with Incarnate, the ice
swords easily sliced through the thick flesh, and fresh blood jetted out. But
the cascade of blood was frozen instantly in the chill of the blades,
breaking into countless red crystals and scattering on the floor.
One of the more peculiar features of the avatar Aqua Current—
formerly known as Aquamatic, a portmanteau of aqua and achromatic—
was that she could freely change her uncommon flowing-water armor to
match the characteristics of the stage. In an Ice stage, she produced
weapons and armor of ice; in a Volcano stage, she used high-temperature
steam to carry out range attacks. Aqua Current’s secondary Incarnate
technique Phase Trans made this change from ice
water
steam
happen, using only the force of her own will.
However, there were multiple variations of the outcome of this
technique, and Kuroyukihime herself knew of five. The Keen Pattern was
the transformation into light ice armor with katars as weapons for closerange fighting.
It was similar to Kuroyukihime’s ability Overdrive, but the
phenomenon was much more drastic, and the two katars enhanced with
Incarnate exhibited an attack power on par with an actual close-range type.
Each time the ice avatar pirouetted up, the blue flash of a sword ripped
into the left side of the kit main body.
A little behind Akira, Fuko launched her attack from her wheelchair.
She thrust both hands out in front of her as though she were holding an
invisible ball and shouted the name of the technique. “Swirl Sway!”
A small, glittering, green tornado grew in the space between her hands.
Fuko only used this technique to protect herself, since she strictly forbade

the use of destructive Incarnate for herself as a general rule, but there was
no way that an Incarnate whirlwind spinning at super-high speeds was a
harmless defensive technique.
Released from her hands, the tornado grew to enormous size in the
blink of an eye and touched the right side of the kit main body. The
countless knives of air inside it began to dig into the thick armor. Chunks
of flesh and rivers of fresh blood swirled up in the center of the whirlwind
to become crimson light effects near the ceiling before evaporating.
Attacked by powerful Incarnate techniques on the left by Akira and on
the right by Fuko, the massive bulk—nearly three meters across—of the
ISS kit main body spasmed fiercely. A reddish-black light flickered
irregularly from beyond the almost entirely closed eyelid.
If it had been an average duel avatar, this combined with
Kuroyukihime’s initial direct Vorpal Strike hit was enough damage to
knock the color out of its health gauge three times over. However, that it
showed no signs of disappearing even as it struggled and writhed was
proof that it was indeed outside the norm in all ways. Even now, after
charging directly into battle with it, she had no idea how the Acceleration
Research Society created it or how they made the shadow of Red Rider
possess it.
But they didn’t need to analyze in that moment; they needed to destroy.
Following Akira and Fuko, Kuroyukihime jumped with all her power, did
a somersault directly above the kit main body, and loosed a battle cry
while upside down. “Aaaaaaah!!”
A blue, almost white overlay grew in the swords of her hands.
Spreading her arms wide, she spun her body at high speed, becoming a
human drill. The pale-blue light became a ring around her inky-black
avatar and jetted outward, like the solar corona viewed during a total
eclipse.
“The Eclipse!!”
Guided by her imagination, the swords of both arms began to shoot
outward at an incredible velocity. Kuroyukihime’s swordmaster and one of
the old Nega Nebulus’s Four Elements, Graphite Edge, could launch
twenty-seven consecutive blows of this major technique in a mere two
seconds. Considering that this was 13.5 hits per second, it didn’t really
seem to compare with the hundred blows a second of Black Lotus’s levelfour special attack, Death By Bashing. But the force behind each strike
was completely different. And in contrast with the system assist for a

special attack that essentially moved the body automatically, you had to
boost your hit speed with nothing but your own imagination when using an
Incarnate technique.
Faster…Faster! Focusing only on this idea, Kuroyukihime became a
dwarf sun, shooting off the incandescent sword attack. Each time she hit,
thick fleshy armor was ripped off like an explosion. Since she was hitting
it repeatedly at ultra-speeds, it was more like she was shooting it with a
large auto-cannon than cutting it with a sword.
One second, two…When she had finished the twenty-seven hits at two
and a half seconds, Kuroyukihime once again somersaulted and landed
next to Fuko. Her two comrades finished their attacks at around the same
time, and Akira’s armor turned from ice back into water.
The ISS kit main body had lost almost all the armor on the top and the
sides, exposing a smoother, curving black surface—most likely the
internal eyeball. If they could destroy even part of this shell, which didn’t
look very tough, they might be able to get at the portal locked inside, even
if they were unable to eliminate the kit main body.
But Kuroyukihime—and probably Fuko and Akira, too—couldn’t
move right away, due to the backlash from using the most powerful
Incarnate technique she had in her arsenal at full power. She had, however,
fought four successive battles against extremely powerful opponents—the
God Seiryu, Magenta Scissor’s army, Archangel Metatron, the shadow of
Red Rider—and even though there had been a break in between, she could
feel the energy of her spirit itself being consumed. But this was where they
could stand tall as high rankers.
“…And Haruyuki and the others, too…,” Kuroyukihime murmured.
Fuko nodded immediately. “They’re working hard right now.”
“We can’t lose, either,” Akira agreed.
Their fighting spirits reignited, the three stood tall, and Kuroyukihime
cast her eyes behind her for just a moment.
The small shrine maiden in the Noh mask was dancing gracefully with
the snowy white fan in one hand. There was a tranquility as though only
the area around her had become a wooden stage, but anyone watching
could tell that no ordinary phenomenon was proceeding there. The
profound imagination being polished and refined by the dance made the
space around her shimmer like a heat mirage, and ripples spread out in the
marble floor like on the surface of water.
“Another minute, whatever it takes,” Kuroyukihime said, turning back

around. At that moment, the ISS kit main body, which had been seriously
wounded and fallen into a suspended state, abruptly opened its eyelid
wide. The reddish-black light that spilled from the massive pupil dyed
their armor the color of blood.
Wondering whether it was going to fire the Dark Shot a third time or
try something else, Kuroyukihime focused her mind so she wouldn’t miss
any changes that might occur in the eyeball. Because of this, she was late
to notice that the Change occurred not in the exposed pupil in the front, but
the fleshy armor remaining to the rear.
Zlrmp. Two long tentacles popped out from the armor with a viscous
sound. An ebony aura wrapped around the rounded nodules of the tips.
“Close-range attack! Evade!” Kuroyukihime shouted and dashed
backward with everything she had.
Fuko spun the wheels of her chair in reverse, and Akira quickly
retreated with a sliding dash by making the water membrane on the soles
of her feet slip across the floor.
But the two tentacles reached out nearly ten meters in an instant,
squirming and twisting like black snakes, and easily caught Kuroyukihime
and Akira in their range. The vast dark aura around the bulbous tips
cohered, absorbing even the twilight sun coming in through the cracks in
the wall and covering the floor in a gloom.
Looking at the tentacle closing in on her from directly above,
Kuroyukihime determined that evasion was impossible. She had no sooner
landed than she was crossing the swords of both arms above her head and
shouting, “Overdrive! Mode Green!”
“Phase Trans! Adamant!” Akira shouted at the same time, stopping a
few meters to her right.
The two avatars were cloaked in overlays the exact same shade of
green. Strictly speaking, Black Lotus’s mode change wasn’t an Incarnate
technique, but there was a powerful synergy when she used it in
conjunction with the Incarnate System. The shining green light spread out
to form a circular shield with the intersection of her crossed swords at the
center.
And then, a pure and condensed negative Incarnate, the likes of which
she had never experienced before, slammed into Kuroyukihime.
If she hadn’t managed to defend against it in time, her avatar would
have been annihilated together with the space around it by the superpowerful nihilistic Incarnate attack. She just barely escaped that, but the

impact was on par with or greater than the time the God Byakko’s claws
dragged into her. Her consciousness was half beaten out of her avatar,
while a large amount of her health gauge was snatched away. Her sight,
hearing, and even her sense of gravity were inhibited. In the middle of this
blackout world, she resisted the enormous pressure, half dazed.
A few impossibly long seconds passed, and the pressure finally started
to ease, returning her vision to her. The first thing she saw was her own
arms—more than ten centimeters battered off from the tips, the current
edges chipped and peeling, and the black tentacle slowly pulling back.
When she shifted her gaze to her feet, she saw that the swords of both legs
had sunk into the tile floor nearly up to her knees.
The situation with Akira was much the same; the heavy ice armor
generated on her arms had shattered and scattered without a trace. On top
of that, her left hand was missing from the wrist. Her legs weren’t stabbed
into the floor, but she was low on her knees and seemed unable to stand.
“Lotus! Curren! Are you all right?!” Fuko called out urgently,
apparently having escaped the tentacle’s attack. Kuroyukihime managed to
move her right hand in reply.
The damage was enormous, but they had somehow made it through the
Dark Shot and the Dark Blow that followed. Another thirty seconds until
the two minutes they had promised Utai. If all three attacked with their
entire might once more, they could buy that much time.
Kuroyukihime tried to pull her left leg from the floor when she felt an
abnormal shiver and jerked her head upward.
And then she saw it. Immediately after firing the Dark Blow with the
two tentacles, the ISS kit main body was concentrating a black aura in its
wide-open pupil. Dark Shot…Its target was likely Fuko.
Is its Incarnate energy limitless?! Groaning in her heart, Kuroyukihime
shouted, “Raker, get out—!”
But she froze mid-sentence. The massive eyeball, shining the color of
blood, actually had its sights set far behind Fuko—on Utai dancing to the
rear. She might have been able to avoid the attack if she stopped dancing
and ran, but that would be a waste of the imagination she’d worked so hard
to knead.
It was Fuko, a mere ten meters in front of the eyeball, who made up her
mind first. She released the wheels of the wheelchair and spread her arms
out to both sides. More than a defensive posture, she cut a cool figure of an
older sister protecting the baby.

“It’s no use, Raker!” Kuroyukihime squeezed a hoarse voice from her
throat and tried to pull out her right leg. Beyond the motionless
wheelchair, Akira was also trying to rouse her injured body. The reason
they had been able to defend against the Dark Blow—albeit just barely—
was because the force of it had been divided into two. There was simply
no way Fuko alone could defend against a Dark Shot with twice that
power. At the very least, they needed to fuse their Incarnates.
But just as Kuroyukihime and Akira were finally able to take a step
forward—zwaaaan!—space itself shuddered, and the jet-black lance shot
forward.
Fuko pushed her arms forward in an almost lazy motion. Her slender
palms hit the tip of the vortex of darkness with a whap.
Kuroyukihime stared, dumbfounded, at the sight of Raker’s hands,
which looked as bare as the word would suggest, not a hint of overlay
about them, as they welcomed the superior Dark Shot of the kit main body.
The nihilistic energy that ripped apart, swallowed, and vaporized
everything it touched became a massive sphere, stopped, and then shivered
heavily in front of those hands. A black spark would occasionally shoot
off, hit the floor or ceiling or Raker’s body and hair, and then bounce
away.
How exactly was she guarding against what was arguably the greatest
attack power currently existing in the Accelerated World? Eyes open wide
in utter shock, Kuroyukihime suddenly realized what she was doing.
It wasn’t a defense. She was neutralizing it. By pouring a pure positive
will into the rampaging energy and its bottomless hunger, she was
overwriting the nihilistic attack power. Not fearing the superpowered Dark
Shot, but rather accepting it and fusing with it—this was the Way of the
Flexible in the Incarnate System.
The source of the vast imagination Fuko was generating was likely her
firm desire to protect Utai. Her hands only looked defenseless because the
shining of her overlay was instantly swallowed up by the black of the
darkness. The moment she could no longer keep up with the generation of
Incarnate energy, Fuko together with her avatar would be devoured by the
emptiness and vanish.
Having understood the phenomenon in front of her in less than a
second, Kuroyukihime lifted her face and exchanged a quick nod with
Akira.
The bond between Fuko and Utai was special, even among the Four

Elements. “Testarossa” Ardor Maiden would team up with ICBM Sky
Raker and be propelled mercilessly into enemy camps, and what made that
strategy possible was that the two were bound by a deep love and trust.
But if it’s love for our friends, that’s in me, too. I almost forgot…But
Haruyuki made me remember those precious feelings.
“Raker!” Kuroyukihime started.
“Us, too!” Akira continued.
They approached Fuko from either side and raised their wounded
hands.
Utai, Fuko, and Akira; Haruyuki, Takumu, Chiyuri, Leopard fighting in
some distant place…and Niko and Rin Kusakabe. She would protect them.
She concentrated this feeling in her hands, shaping it into a ball of light.
A pure-white overlay was born in the space wedged between her
broken swords and began to sparkle like a star. Kuroyukihime took another
step forward and gently touched the light that was her hands to the
shuddering inky-black lump.

7
Arita.
There was only one Burst Linker who would call—no, who had called
Haruyuki that.
But that wasn’t possible. He’d lost all his points over two months
earlier, lost all his memories relating to Brain Burst, and left the
Accelerated World forever. Haruyuki himself had struck the final blow.
He’d definitely seen that avatar cut perfectly in two and swallowed up into
the night sky of the Moonlight stage, wrapped in a final extinction effect.
So the third personality lodged in Wolfram Cerberus’s right shoulder
that had appeared as Cerberus III couldn’t be him. No matter how familiar
his voice or his tone or his laugh or the way he called Haruyuki “Arita,”
that alone was absolutely, absolutely…
But then the gray avatar, lowering his right hand another few
centimeters, turned the completely closed visor to the left and continued,
“Aah, Mayuzumi and Kurashima are also here, I see. That does bring a
certain memory to mind…About that night…”
The purple claws hid his mouth, and his shoulders shook with laughter.
Called out by their real names, Takumu and Chiyuri also stared
dumbfounded at the third.
Argon Array, who had summoned him with her mysterious command,
and Black Vise, still restraining Niko, maintained their silence. Pard, her
leopard body readied in a low position, was on guard against Argon and
Vise even as she occasionally sent suspicious looks toward Cerberus III.
“Quit with the creepy impersonation!” Takumu’s strained cry broke the
momentary silence. “The Burst Linker you’re copying no longer talks or
laughs like that. He was released from the curse of acceleration. If you’re a
Burst Linker, too, then how about you stand up and fight as yourself?!”
“Oh, oh, how many times do I have to tell you?” Cerberus III finally
took his right hand away from his face and waved it from side to side as

though he were chasing away an unpleasant smell. In the faint gloom of
the courtyard, the purple overlay drew a complicated afterimage. “Please
don’t refer to me by that disgusting collective noun. And my hobby is not
to blindly imitate others, you know. I am me, Mayuzumi. It does give one
goosebumps to name oneself before the battle, but well, today is a special
day, so let’s say that’s fine. My name is…”
Haruyuki felt the powerful urge to plug his ears and interrupt Cerberus
III and his voice full of condescension. He felt like if he was forced to hear
the name, then the thing that he was desperately rejecting in the back of his
mind would become fact.
But it wasn’t the metal-color avatar before his eyes who spoke the
name; it was Chiyuri, finally breaking her silence.
“Dusk Taker.”
Her voice was quiet, but it carried. Cerberus III froze on the spot. He
turned his entire body to the left and looked directly at her before bowing
half-heartedly. With a laugh deep in his throat, he resumed speaking, his
voice dripping with venom. “Keh-keh…I’m so happy we can speak again
like this, Kurashima. That was fun, wasn’t it? When we overran the
Shinjuku and Shibuya areas as a tag team? Although, well, you were just
playing at being the obedient pet while you watched with an eagle eye for
your chance to betray me, hmm? Ha-ha-ha! I was completely fooled by
your adorable demeanor and sweet attitude—”
“Stop it, Nomi!!” Haruyuki reflexively took a step forward.
“Don’t you dare say Chii’s name!” Takumu shouted, readying his Cyan
Blade.
Cerberus III spread his hands as if to say Oh dear and shrugged. “It
seems that you will not accept reality, so perhaps I should make you
believe it? But you already understand, don’t you? That I’m the real
thing.”
It was true. They could no longer reject it. He had absolutely no idea
what logic exactly was bringing about this strange phenomenon, but
Cerberus III, number three, Threezie, was the very Seiji Nomi who had
supposedly been banished after total point loss—the Twilight Marauder,
Dusk Taker.
But was that even possible? In experienced time, it had been a day
before, but in real time, Haruyuki had just seen him a mere half an hour or

so earlier. At the Umesato school festival, Nomi had been dancing with his
whole heart in the kendo team’s samurai performance. At what point had
he gotten his memories and Brain Burst back and dived into the Unlimited
Neutral Field to chase after Haruyuki and his friends? And even if he had
managed that, why had he not appeared in his original twilight-colored
avatar, but rather in the form of a parasite on Wolfram Cerberus? Above
all else, was the Nomi at kendo, the one who practiced so seriously with
Takumu, the one who called him “Taku,” all just a lie?
It wasn’t Nomi, or Black Vise and Argon Array, waiting behind him,
who pushed away the darkness of doubt that began to swallow Haruyuki; it
was Chiyuri speaking in her calm voice once again.
“Real thing? You’re wrong about that, Dusk Taker.”
“…What do you mean, Kurashima?”
“Cerberus I said it before. That number two had originally been a
single, independent Burst Linker with a different name, not Cerberus. So
then, you, number three, must work the same way. You used to be a Burst
Linker with the name Dusk Taker, but now you’re not. Now you’re a
shadow parasitizing Wolfram Cerberus’s avatar, a ghost copied from the
memories of Dusk Taker. That’s what you are!” Chiyuri proclaimed,
stabbing the index finger of her right hand forward.
The hint of a sneer disappeared from Cerberus III. “I see you’re as
clever as always,” he murmured, covering his face with his right hand once
more. “Reminds me of the time you went and betrayed me now, doesn’t it?
Aah…that was quite annoying. I’m serious here. Honestly…” He hung his
head deeply and put his left hand to his face as well.
Haruyuki kept his guard up, eyes on Cerberus, as he quietly called out
to Chiyuri. “Is a copy of memories even possible, Chiyu? I mean, Nomi
lost all those memories two months ago already. Even if you were going to
copy them, the originals aren’t…”
“That’s true, but that’s the only thing that’s even plausible, right?”
Chiyuri shot back.
“Oh!” Takumu shuddered, his Incarnate sword still at the ready. “N-no
way…Actually, right, so that’s what it is…”
“Wh-what, Taku? What is what it is?” Haruyuki realized after pushing
the question that he’d uttered the real names of his comrades on enemy
ground. But there was no point in worrying about that after Nomi had
tossed “Arita” and “Mayuzumi” around all over the place. Given that the
school that was the main base for the Acceleration Research Society had

also been exposed, it wasn’t likely that they’d get into a back-and-forth of
attacks in the real.
Takumu glanced at Haruyuki. “Burst Linkers who lose all their points
have their memories relating to the Accelerated World erased. We’ve all
believed that up to now, right?”
“Y-yeah. We actually saw it happen.” Haruyuki naturally thought of
Seiji Nomi after he lost all his points. When they’d seen each other at
school, Nomi had told him apologetically, “I’m sorry, but I don’t really
have much interest in net games anymore,” and Haruyuki absolutely could
not believe that the whole scene was an act.
“Yeah.” Takumu nodded as if recognizing this fact, but then quickly
uttered an oppositional conjunction. “But what if…your memories aren’t
annihilated but are taken from you? They’re pulled from the head of the
Burst Linker and saved somewhere in the Brain Burst central server. And
then someone—probably a member of the Acceleration Research Society
we don’t know yet—called up those memories somehow and set them
inside Cerberus—”
Clap. Clap, clap.
Haruyuki jerked his head in the direction of the brief spate of applause
and saw the Quad Eyes Analyst, Argon Array, bringing her hands together.
“The blue kid’s not too bad. Not bad at all,” she said, and once she
stopped, a faint smile rose up on her face. “Instinct’s important. I mean, in
the very end, all you got to count on’s your guts and your feet to run away
on. And here’s what my instincts are sayin’. They’re sayin’ it’s getting to
be about time.” She flung her arms open and cocked her head slightly.
“Threezie, I’m sure you kids got loads to talk about, but the time for
chitchat’s over. And Vi, would it kill ya to be serious once in a while?”
Cerberus III kept his face turned downward, but Black Vise lightly
raised and lowered the thin panels that passed as a shoulder.
“That was wholly unexpected,” he remarked coolly. “I am ever serious,
you know. But it does indeed appear that this is the most critical position
in the current game. So then, let us make a real effort.”
An overlay like a gray shadow enveloped the jet-black layered avatar,
and seeing this, Haruyuki and his three comrades immediately took on
ready positions.
He was still reeling from the shock of discovering that Cerberus III was
that Dusk Taker. Takumu’s hypothesis was the only thing that explained
the situation, and Argon sounded like she was acknowledging that he was

largely correct, but it was still a bitter pill to swallow. The memories of a
Burst Linker in total point loss were actually saved somewhere in the
Accelerated World—Haruyuki could more or less accept this. But was it
really possible to take the memories of a Burst Linker in the same position
as Haruyuki and his friends and make them possess someone else? Wasn’t
that an act that went far beyond the domain of a player?
But he couldn’t deny the reality before his eyes, and it wasn’t as though
his objective had disappeared, either.
Save Niko.
He was here for that reason and that alone.
His sole concern now was whether or not he ended up fighting Dusk
Taker—no, Cerberus III. That the avatar before him had only ten burst
points left hadn’t changed with the personality switch from I to III, which
meant that assuming he won, the chimera Burst Linker known as Wolfram
Cerberus would leave the Accelerated World forever.
Cerberus himself sounded like that was what he wanted. And Haruyuki
already knew that sometimes total point loss could be a seed of salvation.
…But. I…He pushed the complicated tangle of feelings in his heart
down to the bottom of his stomach with a deep breath of the cold air.
There was no longer any time for indecision or hesitation. All that was left
was to simply give it everything he had. For the sake of Niko and Rin. For
Cerberus I. For Takumu, Chiyuri, and Pard fighting with him there. For
Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Utai, and Akira likely fighting at Midtown Tower.
Metatron. This is the final battle. Lend me your strength just a little
longer. He sent a prayer to the new wings folded up neatly on his back and
clenched his hands into tight fists. A silver aura rose up to wrap around
those fists, and he started to step toward the motionless Cerberus III.
And then, a gray overlay wriggled upward from Black Vise. The
dozens of thin panels that comprised his right arm and leg separated one
after another and floated up. Haruyuki and the others quickly braced
themselves for Vise’s specialty, restraining techniques.
“Octahedral Isolation.”
The name of the technique was very similar to the restraining technique
Haruyuki had been caught in after he turned into the sixth Chrome
Disaster. However, the panels transformed into a square fence that
encircled Vise, Argon, Cerberus III, and Niko.
Immediately, Pard leapt forward with a savage roar. An instant behind
her, Haruyuki also realized Vise’s intent. This wasn’t a restraining

technique; it was a separation technique for defense.
They had to destroy it immediately. Alongside Takumu, he pushed off
the ground as hard as he could.
An instant before claws and fists and sword could make contact—klink!
—an extremely thin fence stretched up and down, bent toward the inside to
create two peaks, and closed. The regular octahedron extended at least
twenty meters on each side. The panels had grown to such an enormous
size, they turned semitransparent like smoked glass, looking more brittle
than the Hexahedral Compression Haruyuki knew.
Smash it! Haruyuki beat on one of the equilateral triangles that made up
the octahedron with a fist full of resolve.
The dull sound of impact echoed through the stage, and sparks flew
from the joints of his wrist, elbow, and shoulder—unable to completely
absorb the intense backlash. But the semitransparent glass panel—which
looked to have essentially no breadth—was not so much as scratched.
Pard’s Incarnate claws and Takumu’s Cyan Blade had similar results. The
three kept attacking for a moment, but they were forced to concede the
absolute strength of the octahedron and step back.
“This is an Incarnate of absolute refusal,” Beast-Mode Pard said quietly
with her leopard mouth. “Simply punching or clawing at it won’t break it,
even if we are using Incarnate techniques.” This was an unusually long
speech for Pard, which seemed to in fact show the panic in her heart.
“That’s—!” Haruyuki cried, dumbfounded.
As if he had heard him—except, no, he had heard him: Cerberus III
slowly lifted his face, and his voice, although strangely distorted (perhaps
because it was passing through the defensive wall), reached Haruyuki’s
ears very clearly. “It doesn’t matter whether I’m real or whether I’m a
fake.” He flicked the claw-shaped auras of his hands open and closed in
front of his face. “I’ve waited for this moment. The moment when I take
the duel avatar from number one and fight you once more. My dear
upperclassmen, all the many, many things you took from me—my points,
my pride, and my power—I will have you return them now!!”
Haruyuki stared, holding his breath, at Cerberus III—at Nomi—as he
threw his arms out. Attacks couldn’t actually pass from inside the
octahedron to the outside, could they? No, there was no way. In which
case, what on earth was he planning?
Haruyuki could sense Nomi sneering beneath the face mask, mouth and
eyes completely hidden. The gray metal color pulled his left foot back a

step and slowly turned around as if irritated. Past Takumu and Chiyuri—
until facing him was the small altar that stood to the right, inside the
octahedral object in the center of the courtyard.
“Nomi…You—!!” Haruyuki flew at the octahedron once again.
Beating wildly on the glass panels with both fists, he shouted, almost
howling, “Stop it! I’m the one you want to fight, aren’t I?! I’ll fight you,
just like you want, so come out of there right now!!”
But Nomi did not so much as glance at Haruyuki; rather, he twisted his
body a little farther until his right shoulder was turned toward Niko, still
unconscious and restrained on the jet-black cross before him. The shoulder
armor—its design so eerily similar to that of the head—opened its heavy
metal fangs wide. The light that leaked out dyed the inside of the
octahedron violet.
“Nomi! Stoooooooop!!” Haruyuki shrieked. Pard bit into the edge of
the octahedron, while Takumu stabbed his sword into it.
And then he heard the technique name that had plunged the old
Haruyuki into a bottomless despair.
“Demonic Commanderrrrrrr!”
Zrrrmsh! A twilight-colored beam of viscous light jetted from the maw of
the right shoulder to hit Niko squarely in the chest and penetrate every
crevice in her armor. And after a fleeting silence, it started to flow back
toward Nomi.

8
The precarious balance would have crumbled instantly if they’d had even a
drop of fear or animosity or rejection in their hearts, and Kuroyukihime,
Fuko, and Akira—and probably Utai, too—would have become fodder for
the immense Dark Shot.
Chasing even this thought from her mind, Kuroyukihime focused her
whole being on transforming the desire to protect her friends into the
image of light and touched it to the hulking onyx mass.
She felt no impact, no pain.
Nothing but an absolute attraction.
The black hole of cold nothingness greedily sucked up the positive
Incarnate energy Kuroyukihime generated.
Good. Swallow as much as you want. Your hunger might be bottomless,
but my feelings are limitless.
The old me wasn’t able to unconditionally accept the bonds I had with
my comrades—my friends. I didn’t make a sincere effort to understand
them: Fuko’s longing for the sky so great she cut off her legs, Utai
pleading to stand on the Noh stage, Akira chasing after the outrageous
idea of a world without total point loss. I was too obsessed with my own
desires, and I pulled the trigger on the destruction of the Legion.
The truth is, all I had to do was believe. In the feelings of my friends
who cared for me. In my own desire to support my friends and be
supported by them. Lay myself bare, accept the others, and reach out my
hand…That’s all I had to do.
I thought I’d lost everything and that I’d never come back. But a small
silver crow flew down into my stagnant garden and taught me that you can
start again—however many times it takes. You can get back what you lost.
You just have to take a step forward and say their names. Like I called out
to Fuko that day on the skyscraper of Shinjuku Southern Terrace.

The tears I shed then, hugging her; the tears when Utai—when Akira—
came back to me; and the tears when I knew that Haruyuki had protected
me until he himself was a battered mess…they shine in the very depths of
my heart even now, like precious gems. As long as I have them, the will I
produce in my heart is…
…limitless.
This thought existed as the explosion of an assembled image, an
instantaneous flash through Kuroyukihime’s mind. But it did indeed reach
Fuko and Akira, linking their three hearts, fusing them, to create an energy
orders of magnitude larger than what they were capable of on their own.
Arms outstretched, the three avatars were engulfed in a shining white light
that neutralized the pulsating darkness and pushed it out of existence.
When they abruptly returned to themselves, the savagely twisting lump
of Dark Shot had disappeared without a trace.
Crumpling to the floor with Fuko and Akira, the strength drained from
their bodies, Kuroyukihime—in a daze—thought Two minutes. We made
it.
She heard the reply to this as a voice in her mind: Please leave the rest
to me!
Utai’s actual voice rang out sonorously across the expansive forty-fifth
floor of Midtown Tower.
“The pain of pathos, flames of rage…”
Still lying on the floor, Kuroyukihime somehow managed to move her
head and look at Utai behind her.
The overlay blanketing the small shrine maiden became crimson flames
that rose up to the ceiling. They couldn’t have been real flames, and yet, a
definite heat reached Kuroyukihime a dozen meters away. Almost divinely
beautiful, Utai danced gracefully inside the pillar of swirling flames—the
very image of the Shrine Maiden of the Conflagration. She flipped the fan
in her left hand upward, and then once again, her “song” echoed
powerfully.
“…Dirt of the earth, we are.”
Krrr! An extraordinary roar beat down on Kuroyukihime’s back.

Forgetting her fatigue, she reflexively flipped around and saw a red light
illuminating the ISS kit main body from below. The floor ten meters
around the bulky eyeball shone a brilliant red.
No, it wasn’t shining—it was melting. The Incarnate Utai had spent a
hundred and twenty seconds kneading was overriding the thick marble of
the floor and heating it to a super-high temperature beyond its melting
point, turning it to liquid—the attack was turning the floor into magma.
The kit main body wrapped its fleshy armor with a dark aura and tried
to block the heat, but the magma, shimmering in a gradient from the red of
the twilight sun to the white of the blazing sun, evaporated even its aura
and mercilessly scorched its thick armor.
Eventually, the immense body began to sink into the lake of magma.
Although it seemed to have a meter or two of play, the kit body had
essentially fixed its three-dimensional coordinates by locking the portal
inside of it. This, in turn, became the reason it couldn’t escape the magma.
If, hypothetically, it had had a mouth, the massive eyeball would likely
have been howling very loudly. The reaction of the main body was so
intense Kuroyukihime could be certain of that. Its front eyelid twitched
and shuddered shut, and the two tentacles flailed senselessly. From time to
time, a black overlay condensed at the tip of one of them, and an
incomplete Dark Blow beat at the lake of magma. But it merely stole a tiny
fraction of the vast thermal energy and vanished without causing any
damage.
“This…is the Incarnate technique she came up with for the God
Genbu,” Fuko said quietly, glancing at Utai dancing beyond them.
“It has to be,” Kuroyukihime responded hoarsely. “The circumference
of the magma will need to be about four times this, but if she can drop
Genbu’s bulk in…”
“…she could burn it up.” Akira’s voice also contained a hint of tension.
More than the fearsome power of the lake of magma, what made a chill
run up their spines was because Utai, the mildest and most even-tempered
of the Four Elements, had generated this level of Incarnate technique. If it
was categorized on the regular coordinate system, it would likely have
fallen into the fourth quadrant—negative will with range as its target.
Destructive Incarnate techniques had their energy source in negative
emotions such as anger, despair, and sorrow. Thus, compared with the
creative Incarnate techniques produced by positive emotions, the extent to
which the user was pulled into the hole of their heart was overwhelmingly

greater. From the results’ end, an Incarnate technique like Kuroyukihime’s
Vorpal Strike brought about significant destruction on a large scale, but the
kernel of the image was formed with the creative desire to enhance her
own sword technique. But the aim of Utai’s so-called Flame Dance was
clearly to burn up its target to cinders. The blowback to her mind would be
as enormous as the power of the technique itself.
“…Uiui…,” Fuko said, pained, clenching the hands she had pressed
against the floor. In her heart, she probably wanted to run and make Utai
stop her Incarnate attack right then and there. Kuroyukihime felt the same
way. But whether they succeeded in destroying the ISS kit main body now
rested squarely on Utai’s small shoulders.
Holding their collective breath, the three Burst Linkers watched as the
kit main body finally lost all its armor and its two tentacles to reveal its
true form—a hard, lustrous, ebony eyeball. With the thick flesh burned
away, the eyeball was now just two and a half meters across, but this only
increased the sense of otherworldliness. Even with its bulk half swallowed
by the lake of magma, and even as flames spurted up from every part of it,
the animosity jetting from the bloodred pupil did not weaken.
“……?!”
Now the pupil abruptly spun to the left and looked at the southern side
of the floor. Following its gaze, Kuroyukihime turned her eyes but saw
nothing other than the rows of Grecian temple pillars and the marble wall.
There was no sign of anyone there. But the kit body was clearly looking at
something. Perhaps it was on the other side of the wall, somewhere off in
the distance.
The red pupil narrowed in diameter—a lens automatically adjusting its
focus. And then, a single beam of red light shot out from the magmascorched eyeball.
The beam was far thinner than Dark Shot, and no sound accompanied
it.
Stretching out to the side, it hit the undamaged wall but slipped through
it smoothly, butter-like, instead of destroying it. One thing was clear: It
was not an attacking technique.
Regardless, Kuroyukihime felt an icy chill envelop her as she lay still,
prone on the floor. Fuko and Akira similarly stiffened, and small cries
slipped from their throats.
The red light, that thing—it was not a good thing. Quite the opposite.
Even compared with the many, many things she’d witnessed in the

Accelerated World, this object might very well have been the absolute
worst.
It was…the embodiment of the vast, malicious evil the ISS kit main
body had accumulated through every single kit terminal.

9
“Aaah…Aaaaaaaaah!”
Haruyuki screamed as if to rip his throat open, fists waving wildly.
Demonic Commandeer. Dusk Taker’s sole special attack. Of all the
special abilities Haruyuki knew, its effects were by far the most fearsome:
the semipermanent theft of another Burst Linker’s ability, special attack, or
Enhanced Armament.
Far too belatedly, he understood the true meaning of what Cerberus II
had said when he activated his Wolf Down ability during their second duel
— “Relax. My ability’s not stealing. Unlike that guy.” That guy was
Cerberus III, aka Dusk Taker. And stealing meant Demonic Commandeer.
“No! Stoooooooop!!” Bringing his fists together above his head, he
beat at the semitransparent, purplish-black defensive wall. But Black
Vise’s Incarnate technique Octahedral Isolation repelled Haruyuki’s fists
with its absolute strength as if space itself had been cut away, and faint
cracks appeared in his silver armor.
Then, the purple light flowing back to Cerberus III from Niko throbbed
noticeably. A dazzling sphere was pulled from Niko and eaten up by the
mouth on Cerberus III’s right shoulder. He was steadily stealing Niko’s
power—mostly likely one of the firepower parts that made up her
Enhanced Armament Invincible.
Eyes open wide in shock, Haruyuki felt another shiver of fear and
moaned. The light flowing from Niko wasn’t disappearing. He heard a
slithering, viscous sound as Cerberus III attempted to greedily suck away
even more of her power.
“Ah…Aaaah!” Haruyuki screamed once more—his shock changing to
a dizzying hatred and rage, then to despair. His voice had to have reached
the inside of the octahedron, but neither Vise nor Argon, watching over the
proceedings silently, much less Nomi, shivering with pleasure at his theft,
so much as raised an eyebrow at him.

Haruyuki went to raise his cracked fists above his head once more. But
a sharp voice slapped him from behind.
“Calm down, Haru!”
At the same time, someone caught the wrist of his right hand. Turning,
he saw immediately before him Lime Bell’s eye lenses, radiating a cool
light.
“You can’t lose control! Think…I just know you can think up a way to
save Niko!”
“But…But! But!” Moaning blindly, he tried to wrench his wrist free
from her grasp. And then, he felt the new wings folded up on his back
shudder slightly. Almost as if scolding him.
Right. This is exactly the kind of time when I need to calm down and
broaden my perspective. Look at everything…and think about what we
should do.
Through intent imagination, he condensed the fit of rage piercing his
entire body into a small sphere and sank it to the depths of his
consciousness. He didn’t need anger at that moment. If he had the energy
for that, then he should use it to think even just a little faster—a little more
deeply.
“Got it.” Calm once again, Haruyuki gently freed his hand from
Chiyuri’s grip. “Hang on just a sec.” He looked at the massive octahedron
towering before his eyes, making full use of all of his senses.
Although it was Black Vise’s Incarnate technique, and the true depth of
his actual power was still unknown, this partition couldn’t have had the
absolute strength of Green Grandé’s Incarnate attack Parsec Wall. The
amalgamation of thin panels had originally been an arm and a leg, which
maybe meant that the joint areas would be weaker than the flat areas? In
which case, they should attack…?
“Not the surface! The corners!” Haruyuki shouted.
“I got it,” Pard responded immediately. She leapt forward, opening her
mouth to bite into one of the octahedron’s peaks. Rather than being pushed
back again, her four Incarnate fangs just barely caught the place where the
four surfaces came together. With every muscle of her animal body
writhing, she generated a bite force that made the massive silhouette creak.
Haruyuki was confident it would break. But suddenly, the eight-sided
body rotated quickly just a quarter to the right. The bottom edge that dug
deep into the ground sent marble fragments flying, while the precarious
balance of Pard’s fangs against the peak was shattered.

Kachank! She flew back—her jaw snapping shut—yet she had no
sooner hit the ground than she was leaping up again, trying to bite into the
new corner. But now the octahedron rotated to the left, and her fangs were
knocked away once again.
“Taku! Chiyu!” Haruyuki shouted, pushing on one surface of the
octahedron with both hands to hold it in place. Takumu and Chiyuri flew
around to the opposite side, with Pard in the middle, and braced
themselves. But the surface of the semitransparent wall had absolutely no
handholds, and their hands slipped off when the octahedron rotated for the
third time.
“Nngh.” Haruyuki gritted his teeth.
A second ball of light was pulled from Niko’s body and swallowed up
by Cerberus III’s right shoulder. If this kept up, Cerberus III would soon
steal all the pieces of Invincible—Haruyuki assumed they were the main
Armament, the missile pods, the cockpit with its machine gun, the rear
thrusters, and the legs: a total of five parts.
Haruyuki fought back the irritation threatening to balloon in him and
thought harder. He was certain the octahedron peak was its weak point.
But in order to hit it, they had to somehow stop the rotation. A
simultaneous attack on all four vertices from all four directions? No, they
still wouldn’t be able to block the rotation itself. The fulcrum was the
regular octahedron’s bottom vertex, but that was digging deep into the
marble earth; they couldn’t so much as touch it.
Digging into the earth…
“—!!”
Haruyuki’s eyes flew open, and he turned his head back to the sky
above.
Of the six vertices, the true weak point was the actual peak—one of the
apexes. The octahedron might be able to rotate on the horizontal, but it
couldn’t spin perpendicularly, because the bottom vertex was fixed firmly
in the earth. But if they tried to attack the apex, they would be shaken off
by the horizontal rotation, like Pard’s biting attack had been. They needed
to apply pressure directly to the bottom vertex from the top, a perfect
perpendicular line without the slightest deviation.
A conversation from earlier suddenly popped up in the back of his
mind. He whirled around. “Taku! How much is in your special-attack
gauge?!”
“I’ve got plenty left!” Cyan Pile answered immediately.

“Great! I’m carrying you to the top of the octahedron. You do your
thing straight down!”
With that alone, Haruyuki’s intention came through loud and clear. Eye
lenses beyond the slits carved into Takumu’s face mask opened wide for a
moment, and he nodded forcefully. “Got it. Leave it to me!”
Haruyuki grabbed Takumu from behind, spread the silver wings on his
back, and pushed them as hard as he could. They soared the twenty-five
meters to the top of the octahedron in an instant and looked down on the
Incarnate defensive wall that cut a square of the courtyard.
At that very moment, a third ball of light was removed from Niko and
devoured by Cerberus III’s shoulder. Just two more left. When all her
Enhanced Armament had been stolen, Niko would lose the overwhelming
firepower that earned her the name Immobile Fortress.
Brushing away a fleeting terror, Haruyuki dropped into an attack
posture. Holding tightly to Takumu, he fell forward so that he was parallel
with the top of the octahedron. At the same time, Takumu returned his
Incarnate sword to its Pile Driver form and turned the exposed pile in the
barrel toward the peak of the walled structure.
“Here I go, Haru!”
“Hit it hard, Taku!” Haruyuki deployed his wings fully, hoping to
absorb the recoil.
Takumu shouted the name of the technique with everything he had—
his voice echoing across the expanse of the courtyard. “Spiral…Gravity…
Driiiiiiiiver!!”
The Pile Driver barrel was wrapped in a shining blue light and
expanded with a kashak. The pile was tucked away, only to promptly
return in the form of an enormous hammer drill, and this was fired—
flames jetting from the rear.
The flat tip of the iron pillar spun savagely as it hit the peak of the
octahedron—a perfect bull’s-eye accompanied by an incredible roar—as if
the air itself was suddenly compressed at supersonic speed. The eight
pieces of semitransparent glass that comprised the Incarnate shelter
shuddered, and sparks cascaded from the point of impact.
Here, finally, the architect of the octahedron glanced up at Haruyuki
and Takumu. He cocked his faceless head to one side, and as if that was a
signal, the massive structure began to spin counterclockwise, the opposite
direction from Cyan Pile’s drill. The waterfall of sparks became a torrent,
the roaring grew deafening, and Haruyuki felt the world shaking as he

clutched Takumu tightly.
If the launch angle of the hammer drill had been even a degree off from
the direct perpendicular, it would have slipped away before it caught hold
of the peak, now that the octahedron was rotating at top speed, and the two
would have tumbled to the ground. But Cyan Pile’s level-three special
attack, Spiral Gravity Driver, could only fire directly downward. Takumu
didn’t have to bother with any fine tuning, and the direction of launch
would still be fixed perpendicularly.
“Unh…Aaaaaaah!” As Takumu howled, a blue overlay jetted from his
entire body. The shine of the Incarnate flowed down his right arm to the
hammer drill, changing the dark gray spike into super-hard corundum. The
swirling jet of orange sparks mixed with the blue aura to brightly
illuminate the courtyard.
Psheenk! A strange creaking sound Haruyuki had never heard before
shook the air. Unable to withstand the intense pressure, the octahedron
spun ever slower, until it eventually stopped. In contrast, the now-sapphire
hammer drill continued to drive into it with a force that likely far
surpassed the time it had slammed Haruyuki down from the roof to the
first floor so long ago.
The second creaking noise was accompanied by a high-pitched wail.
Lightning-bolt cracks shot through the octahedron from the peak out to the
fourth panel. But the fine cracks stopped at the next peak, a hair’s breadth
away from causing total destruction.
“Just…a little…more…!” Takumu’s voice was pained.
Instantly, Haruyuki made up his mind. “I’ll help!”
He put more strength into the arms around Takumu to make the two
avatars one. In addition to Silver Crow’s original wings stretching out
from his back, he deployed the white wings he’d been newly given—
Metatron Wings. All four spread out in the shape of an X, and he pushed
every ounce of his willpower into them.
“Smash…iiiiiiiit!!”
A white light shot upward perpendicularly—the jet of a massive rocket.
The incredible thrust went through Haruyuki and Takumu into the hammer
drill down to the octahedron, and the flat surfaces buckled and warped.
The cracks now stretched farther down, passing through the side vertices,
and then split again to join the cracks reaching out from the other vertices.
Once the structure was covered in a spiderweb of fine cracks, the highpitched shriek of destruction pierced the entire field. The smoky-black

defensive wall shattered into countless fragments and scattered, glittering
in the twilight sun.
At the same time, Cerberus III stole a fourth ball of light. Still bound as
one, Haruyuki and Takumu thrust the tip of the still-spinning, roaring
sapphire drill squarely at Nomi, directly below them.
““Ngaaaaaaaah!!””
The Spiral Gravity Driver, containing the power and will of both of
them, transformed the fragments of the wall fluttering downward into fine
particles and plunged forward toward Cerberus III’s helmet. An instant
before it could make contact, Argon Array shot four lasers from off to the
left to stop it.
Two of these Haruyuki repelled with his Optical Conduction ability,
but the other two grazed Takumu’s flank and left shoulder, knocking him
off-balance. The drill slipped and the spinning strike charged down a mere
five centimeters to the left of Nomi, narrowly missing him and shattering
the marble tile there.
Haruyuki put on the brakes with his wings to get Takumu back to the
ground with no damage, but then he felt like he heard his good friend’s
voice.
Haru! I’m okay. Go for the Red King while you can!
Roger!
After this instantaneous exchange, he released his hands, and no sooner
had he turned himself toward the altar where Niko was held captive than
he was flying at full power. Argon’s four lenses shone purple once more to
his left, but Pard charged in under the cover of the rain of wall fragments
and body-slammed her, so that her lasers shot off in vain toward the school
building to the rear.
“Nikoooooooo!!” Haruyuki spread his arms out and grabbed onto the
crimson avatar spread out over the black cross. He tried to destroy the
cross at the same time, but perhaps not wishing to lose his left arm, too,
Vise transformed the cross back into thin panels as he sank into the earth.
If Haruyuki had seriously chased after him, he could have maybe
destroyed some of the panels, but he had something far more important to
take care of first.
“Yaaaah!” he cried, flashing his right hand forward with silver
Incarnate light to sever the line of purple that connected Cerberus III and
Niko. The fifth ball of light he was trying to pull from her at that very
moment stopped and returned to the inside of her avatar.

Niko! Haruyuki didn’t say it aloud this second time, but instead, he
called the name of his cherished friend—his heart balancing a dozen
mixed emotions.
The small, smooth duel avatar was definitely there in his arms. It had
been forty minutes from the moment she’d been abducted by Black Vise at
Midtown Tower to this joy of getting her back. It may have been a short
time, but it felt like several days in Haruyuki’s lived experience.
And she had lost something incredibly huge. Cerberus III, Nomi, had in
fact stolen four of Niko’s Enhanced Armaments with his Demonic
Commandeer. Haruyuki didn’t know which parts those four were, but
whichever they were, that was 80 percent of Invincible. Considering the
MO of the Acceleration Research Society up to that point, the instant they
judged the situation to be disadvantageous, Vise and Argon would try to
take Cerberus and flee. He had to get those Enhanced Armaments back
before they did.
Niko, hang on. I’m going to totally— Haruyuki had thought this far
when the small face mask below stirred, and a faint green light rose up in
the blackened eye lenses. Had she regained consciousness now that she
was free from Vise’s cross? Haruyuki turned to the avatar in his arms and
started to whisper to her.
But before he could say the first syllable of her name, he saw
something unexpected: a crimson overlay jetting from Scarlet Rain with
the force of a small star. A shock wave, pregnant with fierce heat, ripped
his arms from her body, and Haruyuki fell, splayed, to the ground. He
managed to avoid landing flat on his butt, but he was instead caught
somewhere in between—his rump sticking up into the air as he turned his
eyes up at the avatar floating above the altar.
As she descended gently on the upward current of air produced by the
heat, Niko’s eye lenses looked in turn at Haruyuki, Takumu turning the
Pile Driver on Nomi, Chiyuri with Choir Chime at the ready, and Pard
facing off against Argon. He felt her gaze soften a little until she turned to
glare at her three enemies.
The cute, round lenses changed from their usual green to the bluetinged white of super-hot flames. The crimson aura spilling from her grew
stronger, heating the cool air of the Twilight stage so it shimmered like a
mirage.
Riding the powerful heat, she spoke finally, in an increasingly
threatening voice. “You dolts…Just out here doing whatever the hell you

want, huh…?”
Here, her smooth descent ended, and she came to stand on the small
square altar as she crossed her arms in front of her.
“I ain’t gonna pay you back double, nuh-uh. That’s too good for you.
I’ll give it to you ten times— Nah, you took such good care of me, I’ll pay
you back fifty times this. I’ll burn ya to such a crisp there won’t be a lump
of charcoal left behind. You can count on that.”
It’s Niko. Staggering to his feet, Haruyuki felt something hot welling
up from the depths of his heart. This was Bloody Storm, Immobile
Fortress, Scarlet Rain. Even if she had been forced into a fake Zero Fill for
forty minutes—even if she had had her Enhanced Armaments stolen from
her—the fire that lived in the spirit of the second Red King had not been
extinguished.
Haruyuki knew that real-world Niko was a twelve-year-old girl who
sometimes whined, sometimes cried. Maybe that was Niko’s true face. But
if instead of sinking to her knees and giving up in the direst of
predicaments, she was able to clench her fists and stand up—that itself was
true strength. That was precisely the truest of wills that went beyond even
the Brain Burst system.
Pard flipped her leopard body and howled before leaping to take up
position at Niko’s feet. Haruyuki also moved a few steps and readied
himself to the right of the altar. Takumu and Chiyuri were quick to join
them on the left.
The first to react as they took up formation around Scarlet Rain was
Argon Array. A thin smile rose up on the mouth exposed beneath the
goggles. “So assertive, huh, teeny tiny?” Her voice was sunny and icy cold
in equal measure. “All attitude even though you got four Enhanced
Armaments nicked. If it were me, like someone took this big ol’ hat from
me, I’d be weepin’ and wailin’ to be sure.”
“Then I’ll rip that stupid thing off together with your damned head and
make you cry.” There was no sense of confusion at the present situation in
Niko’s words or tone. She most likely hadn’t been unconscious during the
time Vise’s technique had forced the Zero Fill on her.
“Ha-ha-ha!” The Quad Eyes Analyst’s shoulders shook with laughter at
Niko’s refusal to back down even a step. “Scaaaary! But y’know, I’mma
lady, so spare me the chrome dome. An’ I’m all tuckered out—all this
fightin’, y’know? I’ll leave the rest to the young’uns and enjoy the show
from on high. So, Threezie, please and thanks, yeah? You got a new toy

an’ everything, just like you wanted.”
Haruyuki turned his gaze to Cerberus III. The metal color had
maintained his silence for nearly two minutes now, ever since Takumu and
Haruyuki had severed his Demonic Commandeer. His arms dangled
loosely at his sides, and his head also hung low; he was like a robot with
the power turned off.
No, maybe he actually is? Maybe with the reaction from stealing four
large Enhanced Armament, he’s over capacity and can’t move? Haruyuki
thought, remembering the time Nomi tried and failed to steal Takumu’s
Pile Driver on top of Haruyuki’s flight ability.
But then a poisonous smile crept across the face mask, dripping with
venom, to refute Haruyuki’s guess-cum-hope. “Heh…heh-heh. Heh-hehheh-heh…It’s indeed annoying to have an intrusion at the very end…but
this is incredible…I suppose I should say this is the power of a king,
hmm? Compared with this, the cutter, the tentacles, the stingy wings I
once stole from whoever, wherever, were utter garbage. I merely stole four
items, and now I have the capacity of three people, hmm…”

As if reading Haruyuki’s thoughts, Nomi slowly lifted his face. The
visor was, as before, completely closed, but Haruyuki saw a vision there of
two dark purple eye lenses shining. Gradually pulling his upper body back
and lifting his clawed hands, Nomi suddenly shouted, “This is precisely
the pleasure of marauding! In an instant, the power that someone else
worked so desperately to gain, that they cultivated with such love, that
they held so precious, becomes mine…Heh-heh-heh. With this power, I’ll
steal even more…Keh-keh-keh-keh! Ngah-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha! Aaah!
Ha! Ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha!”
This loud laughter was exactly like the real Dusk Taker’s during the
fierce showdown with Haruyuki two months earlier. No, the metal color
laughing before his eyes now was the real one. The malice cut away from
the real-world Seiji Nomi when he lost all his points had been summoned
once more by some as yet unseen master of a massive evil intent. That was
the true nature of Cerberus III.
He couldn’t let this happen. He had to rebury Nomi’s memories—no,
his ghost—deep in the Brain Burst central server once again. He had to
erase it completely, if possible. And maybe it was feasible in that moment.
Even if Cerberus had switched personalities, his total points saved in
the system shouldn’t have changed. Right before he was forced to cede to
III, Cerberus I had said he had only ten burst points left. Which meant that
if Haruyuki—also level five—was to defeat him, then exactly ten points
would be transferred, and Wolfram Cerberus would be left with nothing
and would vanish.
In that case, the memories of Cerberus I would likely be handled with
the normal erasure (or transfer) processing, but Haruyuki didn’t know
what would happen to the memories that existed as II and III. They might
be returned to some part of the server once more, or they might be
completely erased this time, for sure. But if he could erase Nomi’s
memories, Cerberus I would also disappear with them.
Haruyuki had no proof, but most likely, Cerberus was an unnatural
Burst Linker produced through the Artificial Metal-Color plan based on
the Mental-Scar Shell theory. Regardless that he had been made to fight
and stay at level one to accumulate points on Argon’s orders, he was a rare
genius, genuine and earnest, who hadn’t lost the heart to love the duel.
And he was Haruyuki’s friend. Even if Cerberus himself wanted it,
Haruyuki couldn’t send him to total point loss. Once the tungsten avatar
was released from all this scheming, Haruyuki wanted to exchange blows

with him. Whenever they wanted.
While Haruyuki wrestled with the two opposing emotions, Niko turned
toward the one who had stolen her Enhanced Armaments.
“I get it.” Her voice was caustic. “Just as warped as they say. Jerk like
you could never master Invincible. I mean, there’s heart in Enhanced
Armaments.”
“Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!” With another short burst of laughter, Nomi spread
his arms theatrically. “Just the sort of thing one of those who call
themselves Burst Linkers would say, hmm! Then I shall give you proof
that this thing called heart has no power in either the Accelerated or real
worlds.” His left hand flashed quickly, manipulating his Instruct menu.
“The sole exception being a heart of loyalty to me.”
Oh yeah. This guy hates shouting the command names, Haruyuki
remembered, holding his breath.
The sharply tapered index finger pressed four buttons that no one else
could see.
Gogonnn! A tremendous roar shook the earth of the courtyard. Several
enormous, transparent bodies appeared around Cerberus III—the detail
and texture on them increased before his eyes to materialize a group of
weapon objects covered in purple armor plating.
First, the long, narrow cockpit wrapped around Cerberus III from
behind. Large laser-gun arms joined this on either side. A thruster block
with four large thrusters clamped onto the rear, while two sturdy legs
stretched out from below.
Haruyuki and his friends weren’t simply sitting and watching this
combination sequence. The Enhanced Armament had no sooner started to
appear as objects than both Niko and Haruyuki, with their long-distance
Incarnate techniques, were bringing crimson and silver overlays into their
arms. But Argon and Vise took similar action behind Nomi, so they
couldn’t fire.
There was a brilliant burst of light, another colossal roar in the tight
group encamped across from them, and then the fusion of the four
Enhanced Armaments with Cerberus III was complete.
It was very different from Niko’s original Invincible in both shape and
color. Because it was missing one part—he hadn’t been able to steal the
missile pods—the sense of volume didn’t begin to compare with the
original. It was closer to human than fortress—the slender body tall
enough to nearly reach the top of the surrounding school buildings.

Just as the deep purple—a midrange color between long and close
range—of his armor indicated, the laser guns on the outsides of his arms
were scaled down, but in exchange, the arms were equipped with hands
and four sinister claws. Two long claws also stretched out from the tips of
both feet, and massive spikes shot up from his shoulders and knees, for an
overall image that went past giant and on to demon.
Essentially encased in the thick cockpit block, Cerberus III brandished
the Enhanced Armament arms. “How do you like this?” The shriek was
amplified and twisted with a metallic edge. “This is power! This is what it
means to rule!! Ruling through theft!! This is the sole absolute power!!
Ha-ha-ha-ha…Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!”
The exultation once evidenced by the real Nomi was the same to the
letter. This fact strongly pushed home to Haruyuki that the Nomi before
his eyes was nothing more than an emulated presence from multiple
memories…which was exactly why they needed to erase it.
For the sake of the real Seiji Nomi walking down a new path in the real
world—and for the sake of Cerberus I, created as a vessel and made to
fight without knowing the joy of the duel. And for the sake of Cerberus II
himself, used after being called forth like a ghost through someone else’s
will.
“Chiyu,” Haruyuki called to his childhood friend in a small voice that
just barely reached her. “I’m counting on you this time, too. I’ll signal you
at the right moment. Until then, focus on protecting yourself. Taku, I’m
counting on you to guard Chiyu.”
He waited for the green pointed hat and the blue helmet to move
slightly before speaking to the two members of the Red King, Prominence.
“Niko, Pard. We’re gonna have to fight Invincible. You’re okay with that,
right?”
“No big. Just get in there, do it.”
“’Kay.”
Their replies were immediate and heartening. He felt like they were
spurring him on, too.
Thmmp. The ground vibrated heavily as the purple demon took a step
forward. As he slowly opened the claws of his hands, he spoke, sounding
like he was licking his chops. “Have you finished your strategy meeting,
Hero and minionssss? Please don’t disappoint me…I’ll have you entertain
me for five minutes, at the very least!”
Haruyuki was hit with a wave of battle pressure as he dropped into a

ready position and kept one eye on the avatars to the rear of the demon.
The amalgamated Cerberus III was a fearsomely powerful enemy, but he
couldn’t forget about Argon Array and Black Vise, either. Argon was
essentially at full strength still, and although Vise had lost his right arm
and leg when the Octahedral Isolation was destroyed, he was standing
calmly alongside Argon, showing no signs of suffering from any pain. If
Haruyuki and his comrades gave him any opening, he wouldn’t hesitate to
use his remaining arm and leg to attack.
Always stay calm and look at the whole battlefield, Haruyuki told
himself.
As if this thought were the signal, Nomi raised the laser gun of his left
arm. An amethyst light sat in the inky-black barrel, fifteen centimeters
around. Hwheeen. The sound of the gun charging grew louder by the
second.
The white wings on the upper part of his back—Metatron’s wings—
shuddered warning.
I know. I’m not gonna get hit with a totally obvious attack like that,
Haruyuki replied reflexively. He intended to take off just as the laser was
on the verge of firing, grab onto the massive body, and beat it down with a
combo attack.
But Metatron wasn’t warning him about the amalgamated Cerberus
III’s long-distance attack.
Niko shuddered to his immediate left. “Nngh?!”
“Whaaat?!” Even Argon Array diverted her attention from the
battlefield to stare up at the northern sky.
Haruyuki flicked his eyes in that direction and then opened them wide
in amazement.
A single red line chased soundlessly across the evening sky and its
gentle gradation from orange to dark blue.
It was too slow for a long-distance attack. And he sensed basically no
physical power in it. Even if it had been aimed at Haruyuki and his friends,
they would have easily been able to evade or repel it. And to start with, on
its current course, the red light would pass through the sky above the
school.
Nonetheless, Haruyuki was suddenly assaulted by a dread like his body
had been plunged into ice water. Beneath his armor, his avatar stiffened
down to its fingertips, and his virtual breath stopped. And yet he was
overcome by the powerful urge to run and run now; his motionless body

shivered fiercely.
Niko, Pard, Takumu, and Chiyuri were also stuck in place, staring with
intense concentration at the sky. If Nomi fired his laser, they would have
been hit hard. But Nomi, in position to fire the main Armament, also
seemed to feel something, and he turned the massive bulk of the Enhanced
Armament upward to peer out from the gap in the cockpit block.
The red line reached a spot in the sky directly above the courtyard and
bent ninety degrees downward in a motion that ignored all the laws of
physics. A faint sound reached Haruyuki’s ears: Hweeen, raaaah. A sound
like the wind cutting—a noise like a crowd screaming.
“What is that—?” Nomi started dubiously.
The red light twisted to hit the cockpit block dead-on. But there was no
explosion, no big effect of any kind. The light simply clung to the armor
surface like slime, pushing inward through the gaps.
“Unh…Aaaah! Stop! …I heard nothing about this. Vise! Argon! Stop
this thing alreadyyyyy!!” Nomi screamed, nearly shrieking. The Enhanced
Armament arms waved wildly, and the feet trampled the tiles of the
courtyard. The armor was in the way, so Haruyuki couldn’t see what was
happening inside the cockpit, but he had no doubt it was terrifying,
whatever it was. Something terrible beyond measure.
“No way…” Argon quickly pulled away from the rampaging Cerberus
III and groaned in a rare show of shock. “It’s too soon. Like, this is too
much! It can’t be…That lot, they went an’ did it in? This is really
somethin’, def not what the president’s expecting.”
He couldn’t immediately understand what she was talking about. At
any rate, the Acceleration Research Society apparently wasn’t expecting
this, either.
“Aaaaaaaaaaah! They’re…inside me! …Stop! Stoooooooooooop!!”
Shrieking in terror, the purple demon charged into the south side of the
school building, arms raised, and began beating against the third-floor
wall, like he had lost all control of his body. The building had the same
attributes as a player home, and thus, not a single pane of glass was
broken, but the powerful vibrations generated made the surface of the earth
shudder, shaking Haruyuki and his friends.
The intense shock pulled Haruyuki free of his paralysis, but he didn’t
actually know what he should do.
“I dunno what’s what here,” Niko shouted, “but in Promi, we smash
first and ask questions later! Crow, we’re going in!”

“R-r-r-roger!” He clenched his fists tightly to chase away his fear and
surprise, then called a silver overlay into his hands. With fists similarly
hosting a red overlay, Niko took up position boxing-style.
“Laser Javelin!!” A silver lance shot forth from Haruyuki’s right hand.
“Radiant Burst!!” Ten flaming fists erupted from Niko’s.
Their Incarnate attacks caught the amalgamated Cerberus III at the base
of his left shoulder and exploded spectacularly. The massive body lurched
to one side, and the left arm, damaged at the joint, slowly pulled away and
fell to the ground with a thud, followed by a waterfall of sparks.
The purple demon staggered a few steps before freezing in place.
Nomi’s moaning, previously drowned out by the din of his attack on the
indestructible building, echoed across the courtyard like a curse. “…You…
tricked me…We’ll give you a new power, we’ll let you have revenge…You
said all these convenient things…This was your plan…right from the
start…”
Argon Array’s response was probably the closest thing to gratitude she
was capable of, but she still sounded flippant, somehow. “Sorryyy,
Threezie. You were s’posed to get to play a wee bit more, y’know? But,
like, we’re just scraping by here, short-staffed an’ all that, sooooo
sometimes, plans go belly-up.”
“Shut…up. Hurry…get it off. Help me…Otherwise, you all, too…”
Skree, kee, kee. The massive right arm creaked, and Nomi got Argon
and Vise in the sights of his laser gun. But the two level eighters shrugged
in unison, not seeming the least bit perturbed.
“Well, this won’t do.” This time, Vise spoke. “No matter which way
you look at it, this situation is a difficult one, Taker.”
Haruyuki felt like he’d heard that line before, and Nomi’s voice grew
even more deeply colored with anger.
“Are you…Are you going to abandon me again, Vise…? Twice…Me,
here…”
“Relax, Taker. I doubt that what’s happened twice will come about a
third time.” Black Vise’s voice was aloof to the extreme as he turned the
collection of thin panels that served as his face toward Haruyuki and his
friends. “Finally, I shall also offer a warning to the esteemed members of
the Black and Red Legions. I would recommend you do not attempt to take
back the Enhanced Armament, but rather depart immediately. The fusion
is a tad early, but either way, the situation is more than you can handle
now.”

“Bastard!” Niko cursed. “You planning on running?!”
“Of course.” The layered avatar, now missing an arm and a leg, nodded
evenly. “Both Argon and myself find our lives dear, you see. We just
barely managed to achieve forty percent of our mission objective, but,
well, we’ll call it a win.”
“That’s the story. If you lot manage to get away okay, too, let’s play
again. Pleasure chattin’ with you, kitty cat.” Argon waved her right hand
with a flourish, and the thin panels of Vise’s body spun around and
instantly fused into two larger panels.
Haruyuki dropped his eyes to their feet with a gasp and saw they were
just barely touching the shadow created by the southwest side of the
school.
“Nngh!” He gritted his teeth, but right now, his main priority was not a
follow-up attack on Vise and Argon. They had to get Niko’s Enhanced
Armament back and go meet up with Kuroyukihime and the others at
Midtown Tower. To that end, they needed to destroy the purple demon and
pull Cerberus III from the cockpit.
The instant the two thin panels clamped around Argon, Nomi shouted
in a voice filled with rage.
“Viiiiiiiiiiiiiise!!”
A malevolent purple beam of light burst forth from his laser gun.
But the ebony panels had already fused into one and had sunk into the
shadows. The light beam blasted into the earth, and a magnificent pillar of
fire erupted upward. Marble tiles ripped away from the ground danced up
into the air, but there was no sign of Vise or Argon among them. At that
moment, they were likely escaping off somewhere inside the shadow of
the school building.
“Dammit. Dammit! Daaaaammmiiiiiit!!” Nomi howled his rage, voice
cracking. “I do not accept this! I will not allow this development!
Someone, anyone, come here…And then, I…me…Aah…Aaaah…! Stop—
no. I don’t want to lose…my power…my…”
The cursing steadily grew weaker. But as it did, a thin shadow of an
aura began to bleed through the surface of the purple armor.
“Crow!” Niko cried sharply. “One more time!”
Haruyuki half-automatically raised his right hand. Brushing away the
fear rising up in his heart, he focused his will.
The Laser Javelin/Radiant Burst combination hit the amalgamated
Cerberus III squarely in the back—or it should have. But almost as if it

had its own will, the shadowy aura crawling along the surface of his armor
came together to create a thick membrane and repel the double Incarnate
attack.
“What?!” Niko shouted.
“N-no damage?!” Haruyuki cried, hearing his comrades groan in shock
around him.
But Nomi in the cockpit didn’t seem to even notice he’d been attacked.
“No…I…don’t…I’m d-disappearing…I can’t. See anything…I can’t
hear…Aaaah…Disappear…Dis…a…ppear…”
Abruptly, the tone of his voice changed. The fear, the rage, every
emotion dropped away, leaving only an echo like digital noise.
“Disappear…DISAPPEAR…appear…ppear…ppear. D-d-d. D-D-D. Dee.
Dee. Deel. Deel. Deel-deel-deel-deel. Deel-deel-deel-deel-deeeeeee.”
The strange cry suddenly cut off—the massive purple body frozen in an
unnatural pose. Even the breeze that supposedly always blew in the
Twilight stage dropped, and all sound vanished from the courtyard.
Haruyuki was seized with a shiver of fear he’d never felt before in the
Accelerated World and stood rooted to the spot, voiceless. Niko, Pard,
Takumu, and Chiyuri also held their tongues, as though if they spoke a
single word, the lid on something even more terrifying would have been
lifted.
Breaking the silence was a dromp, a thick, watery sound. When he
looked, the dull-black aura was dripping like blood from the wound on the
giant’s left shoulder. It stretched out in a long thread before falling to the
earth and pooling on the tile. The pool became slime and wriggled away…
toward the left arm sitting on the ground.
Maybe he should have attacked the black slime, but Haruyuki couldn’t
move. In the blink of an eye, the slime had reached the arm and entered
through the destroyed joint.
The four sharp claws twitched. A thin, elongated form connecting the
avatar and the arm, the slime contracted and pulled the arm back to the
shoulder. As Haruyuki gaped, the massive iron arm was yanked up into the
air and then wetly fused with the left shoulder six meters above the
ground.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, a destroyed Enhanced Armament was
cut off from its owner and would not regenerate until the owner dived
again. This bit of common knowledge was completely overturned as his
left arm was regenerated, and the amalgamated Cerberus III staggered to

stand up straight and turn ninety degrees to the left to face Haruyuki and
his comrades squarely.
Because of the construction—cockpit block in the center, arms to the
sides, legs below, thrusters to the rear—the giant had no head. But
Haruyuki felt it. A gaze filled with a bottomless hunger staring down on
the five of them from far above.
“…ppear…Deeeeel…” The abnormal howl echoed half like a beast,
half like a machine. The shadowy aura wriggling around the giant’s body
rapidly grew more concentrated. With a metallic creaking, the shape of the
armor began to change. Straight lines bent and warped into organic curves.
Claws on arms and legs exploded in size; gill-like slits sprang up
everywhere.
Haruyuki noticed that at some point, thick black clouds had gathered in
the twilight sky directly above the courtyard. Bolts of pale lightning
flashed inside them, and the low roar of thunder rumbled across the sky. In
this world where light was receding, the giant continued his transformation
into a true demon.
The spikes on shoulders and knees nearly doubled in length, while the
gaps in the cockpit block were completely blocked with metal panels like
scales. The laser-gun arms began to look like annelids—rear thrusters like
massive tumors. Finally, with a plok, a semicircular “head” appeared in the
upper part of the cockpit.
The front of the semicircle opened like an eyelid, revealing an
enormous eyeball with an iris the color of blood. Now glaring at Haruyuki
and his comrades with a true gaze, the demon brandished his hands and the
scythe-like claws and roared, “Deeel…lllllllooooooooaaaaaaah!!”
Purple lightning crackled and streaked down from the black clouds
around the demon. It was no longer Invincible nor the amalgamated
Cerberus III that rose up before them in the courtyard.
Haruyuki had seen something before that resembled this new creature
almost perfectly, except for its size. Once in a video replay of the past.
Once in a dream he’d had in a castle. And then, as something Silver Crow
himself had transformed into.
In the back of his mind, a dreadful phrase came to life from a
conversation he’d had with Kuroyukihime and Akira Himi three days
earlier. The name that had spilled unconsciously from his lips, colored
with an icy shiver of fear.

“…Armor of Catastrophe…Mark II…”
To be continued.

AFTERWORD
(I strongly recommend reading the book first.)

Please do pick up Volume 16!
Reki Kawahara
On a certain day in August 2013

Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen
On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from
Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the
Yen Press newsletter.

Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink

