1
“Equip…the Destiny.”
Haruyuki’s voice command made the bone-dry air of the
Scorched Earth stage ripple and shake ever so slightly.
As if a switch had been flipped, the distant roar of the wind,
the alarm sounded by his nearly empty HP gauge, the crash of his
opponent smashing through one thick wall after another in his
relentless march toward Haruyuki—all of it disappeared.
Haruyuki stood in the center of a large, scorched-concrete
room, blanketed by heavy silence. And then sensation exploded
from a single point within him.
Intense pain.
Like a molten lance piercing deep between his shoulder
blades. His vision was haloed in white while an infinite shower of
sparks scattered across his brain. His virtual breath stopped.
Even his thoughts broke into countless fragments and shot off in
all directions.
“…Ngh…Hnk…Aaaah!!” His entire body jerked backward like a
bow after its arrow, and a hoarse scream leaked out of his mouth.
But even so, a voice abruptly echoed toward him from far, far
away—though perhaps it was closer than anything else.
It’s useless.
I can no longer be separated from my vessel.

Due to our overwhelming rage, grief, and despair, the armor
derived from the Destiny cannot be changed. We desire nothing
but blood. Only endless slaughter. Only an eternal parade of catastrophe.
Before his snowy vision, several image fragments flashed in succession, like a “suggested videos” screen had taken over. At the
center of them all was a knight-type duel avatar, body covered in
heavy blackish-silver armor. But the design was different each
time that image flashed.
Innumerable teeth growing from the edge of a hood-shaped
helmet.
Tentacles of some sort twisting out from the entire face area.
Long silver hair hanging from the bottom of the helmet down
to the feet.
Crimson flames shooting up from the head, dragon’s breath.
And a sinister greatsword brandished below a sharply tapered
visor that came low over the eyes.
Haruyuki knew instinctively that they were the successive generations of Chrome Disaster. The forms might have been different, but the color of the armor, the aura of darkness, and the frenzied fighting style were exactly the same. In the fragments he saw,
these knights swung swords, slashed with talons, and stabbed
with teeth as if compelled by an unseen force. They were howling,
wailing in excitement as they slaughtered entire groups of duel
avatars, avatars who were nowhere near a match for their might.
As the images faded, the voice echoed in his head once more:
Smash. And devour. That is what you desire.
Eat, take, become infinitely strong. Until you alone are left in

the wastelands of the Accelerated World.
Until the demise of this world.
From the center of his spine—the exact position of the wire
hook that the fifth Disaster had pierced him with—a pain like pale
lightning radiated outward, stabbing into his extremities. But
Haruyuki gritted his teeth to keep from screaming. If he lost to
the destructive impulses now, all this would be for nothing.
The sadness of Niko forced to condemn Cherry Rook, her parent and closest friend, in order to perform her duty as a king.
The love of Chiyuri, who pulled Haruyuki back from the edge
after he began to run wild on Hermes’ Cord by returning the
armor to a seed state for him.
The desire of Kuroyukihime, who reached out to the Haruyuki
hiding in the depths of the local net and gave him wings called
hope.
And the prayers of a single girl lodged in a corner of the armor,
waiting for such a long time…
The pain simply kept growing, endlessly, surpassing the domain of physical sensation to become a storm of energy that overwhelmed, attempting to shred Haruyuki’s consciousness. It
would all go away if he just called the name “Disaster.” He knew
that, but he mustered the last of his mental energy and endured
the onslaught with everything he had.
At that moment, from the distance of the incandescent world
far, far away, another voice came to him.
Believe.
It’s all right. I know you can do it, you of all people. You’re
the one I’ve been waiting for all this time…

The voice was without a doubt that of the golden girl who appeared before him earlier like a vision. Haruyuki used what little
remaining focus he had to give a brief reply.
I’m sorry. I’m not the special person you’ve been waiting for.
I have a ton of problems. I worry all the time. All I do is mess up.
I can’t trust people, so I run away, even though I can’t even walk
straight by myself. I’m pathetic.
But I do have one thing I’m proud of now.
I know how to like people again. And lots of them, so many
people. I still don’t like myself or believe in myself, but even still,
I can keep fighting for them. I know that now. It’s not much, but
I want to do whatever I can to protect our warm place…
These thoughts of Haruyuki’s, a torch on the verge of burning
out, were answered by that kind voice.
That’s more than enough. After all, that—that all by itself—is
proof of strength.
Inside Haruyuki, there came the faint but definite sound of
something cracking. But not the echo of collapse. The sound of
something bouncing off the inside of a shell of hard, hard seed.
The sound of birth.
A clear silver the temperature of snowmelt spilled out, gushed
out of him, pushing away the luminescent pain. Haruyuki opened
his eyes wide.
Glittering armor was smoothly generating from the fingertips
of his remaining right arm. An even more pure, true silver than
Silver Crow’s own covering—the armor.
The design was powerful, but there was nothing sinister about
it. From the palm of his hand to his wrist, up to his elbow, then
his upper arm, the armor equipped itself with a light metallic

clink. Each time he felt another bit of reassuring weight add itself,
a vitality twice as great as the armor was heavy filled him, and his
body actually seemed to lighten.
Instinctively, Haruyuki understood that this silver Enhanced
Armament was the original form of “the Disaster,” the Armor of
Catastrophe: “the Destiny.” The theta star of the Seven Arcs, enshrined alongside the epsilon—the straight sword Infinity—was
the armor covering him now.
A long, long time ago, someone had successfully made it into
the Castle and obtained the Destiny. But after that, something—
many sadnesses, the golden-yellow girl had said—happened, and
the form of the armor was distorted to become the Disaster.
When Fuko Kurasaki and Utai Shinomiya spoke of the “four confirmed Arcs,” they were referring to the Blue King’s greatsword
Impulse, the Green King’s large shield Strife, and the Purple
King’s staff Tempest, with the last one being the Disaster
Haruyuki himself owned.
Once he knew this, the incredible power hidden within the
Armor of Catastrophe made sense. When he considered the fact
that it was one of the Seven Arcs and that the epsilon star was effectively sealed away with the eta star still untouched, it was no
exaggeration to say that this was the strongest Enhanced Armament in the Accelerated World.
At that moment, Haruyuki was, by calling the armor’s true
name, attempting to summon the original from before its transformation. If he succeeded, there should be no mental interference when he equipped it. And although the future-prediction
function that had allowed him to effortlessly slaughter the powerful enemy Rust Jigsaw would no longer exist, he didn’t need that
sort of power in this fight.
He didn’t want to beat the IS-equipped Cyan Pile.
Takumu couldn’t stop blaming himself for past crimes, and

now that he was finally caught on the edge of despair, Haruyuki
simply wanted to tell him. Tell him how much he, Haruyuki Arita,
trusted, relied on, and needed this person, Takumu Mayuzumi.
He wanted to be able to deliver a punch with all these feelings in
it, a final blow. He wanted to borrow the power to smash through
that aura of darkness, with the very little that was left in his HP
gauge.
As if in response to Haruyuki’s prayers, the pure silver armor
continued to appear before his eyes. A large elbow pad, and then
the light stretched out from there to his upper arm.
However.
Just as the armor was about to reach his shoulder, he abruptly
felt a fierce resistance. A ferocious roar thundered faintly in his
ears, and he realized it was the voice of the spirit housed in the
arm, the voice of the beast, the Disaster. The beast refused to disappear. Enraged that only the Destiny, the Enhanced Armament
it possessed, was being summoned, it was trying to interfere with
the creation of the object.
Kreee! A fierce creaking sound ripped through him, and the
silver armor stopped where it had covered half of Silver Crow’s
right shoulder. In the left of his field of view, a string of text in the
system font was flashing irregularly. YOU EQUIPPED AN ENHANCED
ARMAMENT: THE…He could read it up to there, but after that, only
the blurry forms of the letters D, S, and T floated up.
All the voices and pain receded until they were finally gone.
For a moment, silence—so characteristic of the Scorched Earth
stage—filled the charred space, the first floor of his real-world
condo’s B wing. In the center of the dark room he was currently
in, Haruyuki raised his right arm, covered in the new armor, and
squeezed his hand into a fist.
And then the front wall crumbled into tiny pieces, a large sil-

houette appearing from the other side.
The dark aura blanketing Cyan Pile—Takumu—had grown
even thicker. The true light-blue coloring of his armor was hidden; only the crimson eye of the ISS kit lodged in the Pile Driver,
the Enhanced Armament of his right arm, glittered vividly. Even
the eye lenses behind his mask’s narrow slits had changed from
their old light blue to a sharp purple. Those eyes stared hard at
Haruyuki.
Finally, a quiet voice: “Is that the original form of the Armor of
Catastrophe?”
Even propelled by destructive, ruinous urges, Takumu had apparently not lost his power of insight.
Haruyuki looked down at his right arm, covered in its new
armor, and nodded. “Yeah. Although I couldn’t summon anything
more than one arm…”
“That alone is seriously impressive. You’re probably the first of
all those Burst Linkers the armor has swallowed to resist its
power.” Takumu’s voice was gentle but nearly inflectionless; it
rang hollow. “You’re strong, Haru. You know, if you just gave in
to the temptation of the armor, you could have tens, hundreds of
times the power you have now, but you can still fight it. If it had
parasitized me, it would have taken me over immediately. I’d
probably have bared my fangs at you and Chii, and even Master…”
“No way. Taku, you’d be able to summon more than one arm
of the Destiny for sure. You’d get the whole thing. I really believe
that,” Haruyuki asserted immediately, staring at Cyan Pile’s face
mask.
But Takumu hung his head low, perhaps to escape that stare
and those words. “You still don’t understand, Haru?” he murmured, voice slightly quavering. “I…I’m not the kind of person

you can say things like that about. I just put on this show. The
truth is, inside, I’m jealous of other people. I hate them. I don’t
want people to be happy; I pray for them to be unhappy. I laugh
in the shadows when my rival gets bad grades; I feel good when
the guy I’m up against for a regular spot on the team gets hurt.
When my two best friends stopped talking, the people most important to me, people I’d been with basically since I was born? I
pretended to be worried, but I was secretly relieved.”
From eye slits now devoid of any light, several white particles
spilled out. “That’s me. That’s the real Takumu Mayuzumi!” He’d
shouted like he was spitting blood, and the black aura jetting up
from his body increased in strength, reaching up almost to the
ceiling.
Thud. Cyan Pile took a step forward, and the charred, burned
ground of the stage cracked beneath his foot. A pressure charged
forward at Haruyuki, threatening to send him flying back if he
stopped concentrating for even a second, but he resisted that
power and opened his mouth once more.
“Taku. I’m basically exactly the same.” He worked hard to
keep his voice from shaking and began to quietly tell his story. “If
we’re comparing the number of people we’ve cursed in our hearts,
I’m definitely ten times worse than you. You think I haven’t been
jealous of you, that I haven’t envied you? The only reason I can
manage to resist the temptation of the armor is because my insides are as black as it is.”
Takumu was silent then, the jet-black storm around him subsiding the slightest bit. His shoulders shook minutely.
“Heh. Heh-heh. The way you talk hasn’t changed since we
were kids. Right…You’ve always done this. You’ve always managed to control the dark parts of your heart. Not like me, always
trying to put up a front—”
“We’re no different! You and me, we’re the same! We get lost,

we worry, and just when we think we’ve taken a step forward, we
smash into a wall. But even with all that, the reason I’ve made it
this far is because you were right there with me! So I know you
can fight this black power, too! You can fight it and break it and
move forward again! You can, Taku!!” Haruyuki cried earnestly,
and he felt like Takumu smiled faintly beneath his mask.
“Thanks. Thanks, Haru. You saying that to me now…maybe
becoming a Burst Linker, fighting like this—it wasn’t a waste of
time. But, you know…that’s exactly why I want to use my power
until the end—for you, for the Legion. The control of…this ISS kit
is overwhelming…I’m practically bursting with the urge to destroy right now. But how much of that is me and how much of it
is the kit making me feel that…I don’t know anymore.” The voice
murmuring this was quiet. But that quiet was a seed, ripe with
omen.
Brandishing the pulsing, blood-colored eye affixed to the Pile
Driver of his right arm, Takumu continued, tense, “This parasite
was probably put together by some king-level experts, fusing
their abilities and special attacks and wills. The more you fight,
the more Enemies you devour, the greater the power it generates.
And then at some point, it divides and makes a child—I mean, a
clone.”
“…A clone…” Haruyuki shuddered. Something that deliberately dirtied the parent-child system that was the foundation of
Brain Burst…
Takumu lowered his arm before opening his mouth again, and
Haruyuki felt even more strongly that his friend was fiercely enduring something he couldn’t see. “The terrifying part is…the kit
clones are connected by the medium of negative imagination.
When Burst Linkers with clones of the same cluster cultivate their
hatred and malice and rage inside the kit, the kits of the parent
and child display even greater power. So the more clones you disseminate, the stronger you, too, can become.”

“Th-that’s…So you mean Burst Linkers who have kits compete
to spread their own clones…?” Haruyuki asked hoarsely.
“Yeah.” Takumu nodded gravely. “While we’re here doing this,
I can feel the black emotions pouring in from the Burst Linker
Magenta Scissor, who gave me this kit in Setagaya, as well as
Bush Utan and Olive Grab and the others who have her first-generation clones. And at the same time, the darkness I’ve cultivated
is strengthening them.”
In other words.
The network of ISS kit clones was a malicious copy of both the
parent and Legion systems that were the proper Brain Burst. If
parents and Legions were joined by positive bonds of love and
friendship, then the ISS kit clones were connected by the negative
chains seeking power and profit.
Haruyuki was speechless. But Takumu’s voice came to him,
creaking like glass on the verge of breaking.
“R-right now…if we don’t do something right away, the kit will
blanket the Accelerated World in the blink of an eye, like a terrifying epidemic. We don’t have the luxury of waiting for the meeting of the Seven Kings four days from now and whatever decision
they come to. I can get the names of the people behind this from
Magenta Scissor. I think she’s really close to the source of the
kits. We might have to do a little sparring, but I intend to get
some information about the kit. I don’t know the motives or objectives of whoever’s behind this, but anyone planning something
as big as this has to have some way of controlling the situation…”
Thud.
Takumu took another step forward and looked down on
Haruyuki, a mere two meters away. “The rest is up to you, Haru.
Even if I do end up losing all my points fighting the people behind this, before my memory’s cut out, I’ll tell you whatever I’ve

learned, somehow. So you have to go and save this world. I know
you can…You’re the only one who can. I believe that.”
“…Taku.” Haruyuki managed to call his friend’s name in a
voice almost inaudible. He couldn’t get out any other words of
substance.
Resolve.
Right now, the fact that Takumu was able to resist the terrifying control of the ISS kit—albeit just barely—was no doubt because of the massive boulder that was his own resolve. He had already decided. On the place of his own death. On his own final
battle.
But.
The source of that resolve was despair at himself. The fact that
he lost to the temptation of the ISS kit. The fact that he slaughtered the PK group Supernova Remnant in his rage. The fact that
he set up the backdoor program in Chiyuri and attacked
Kuroyukihime. And the fact that a long time ago, he had broken
the circle of three childhood friends. He had made up his mind
that these sins were absolutely unforgivable and changed that despair into resolve to face his final battle.
“I can’t. Let you go,” Haruyuki said, his voice shaking like a
child trying to keep from weeping. “There’s absolutely no way I’m
going to just say, ‘Got it. Leave the rest to me.’ I can’t leave you to
sacrifice yourself and still go on being a Burst Linker myself.”
“Heh-heh. Stubborn right down to the bone.” Takumu chuckled, smiling as if he were truly happy. “I guess I wanted to hear
you say that, so I forced you into this direct duel…but it’s enough
already. Thanks, Haru. Your feelings give me energy. I feel like I
can stay myself a little bit longer. So, okay. I guess it’s about time
we finished this.”

He raised his sturdy left hand and rolled his fingers in from
the littlest up to his thumb. The concentrated black aura made
even the stage itself shake faintly.
As if in response, Haruyuki faced him, again tightly clenching
the fist covered in silver Armament. He lifted his chin and nodded slowly. “Yeah. We’ve already said everything we can say in
words.”
Right.
If they didn’t meet fist with fist, nothing would start, and nothing would end, either. They had both dived into this final battle
stage to do exactly that; Brain Burst existed for only this purpose.
Haruyuki mustered up every ounce of willpower his duel
avatar had, body now missing both left arm and wing, and concentrated it in his right fist. The silver overlay ripped through the
pulsating, wild darkness and pushed it back.
He had managed to summon just one arm of the Destiny,
theta of the Seven Arcs, which should have offered nowhere near
the total performance of the Disaster. This Enhanced Armament
had neither the vast wealth of battle data built up over long years
nor a will inscribed with the rage and hatred of those who had
worn the armor in the past.
But the Destiny had exactly one thing the Disaster did not.
Hope. A single shining hope, glittering like a star, protected
for many long years by the mysterious golden-yellow girl avatar
lodged in one corner of the armor. He still didn’t know who she
was, why her consciousness lived in the armor, or what she
wanted, but that faint warmth gave Haruyuki courage. It didn’t
spur him into battle like the Disaster had, but rather supported
and encouraged him.
Now that I think about it, someone’s always been there to

support me. During the Hospital Battle right at the start, in the
fight after that against the fifth Chrome Disaster, the fight
against Dusk Taker, the race at Hermes’ Cord, the God Suzaku
protecting the gate…Kuroyukihime, Chiyu, Master Raker, Ash,
Niko, Pard, Mei, and of course Taku—they were always there to
protect me, to cheer me on. There’s basically not a single fight
I’ve won on my own.
But that’s okay. Because those connections…those bonds are
the true power of a Burst Linker. I want Taku to know that. I
want him to understand there are a ton of people besides me
who are thinking about him, who need him.
So please lend me the strength to do that.
He could hear no answering voice to this cry in his heart. But
he felt heat thump to life in the center of his fist, and then an even
more dazzling white light gushed out.
Takumu slowly drew back his left fist and lowered his stance.
Haruyuki lifted his right hand and sharply pointed his fingers.
As the two spoke their technique names simultaneously, their
voices held a quiet resolve, as though trying to console each other.
“Dark Blow.”
“Laser Sword.”
The instant the ink-dark and silver-white attack trajectories
crossed each other, their current battleground of B wing followed
in the steps of the already destroyed A wing, to be transformed
into innumerable clumps that exploded in all directions.
When Takumu had hit him with the same Incarnate technique
minutes earlier, Haruyuki had been sent flying dozens of meters

backward, unable to resist the enormous force of impact for even
a second. He should have been smashed to bits right then and
there.
But this time, although the Dark Blow did indeed at first
smash into him, Haruyuki braced himself and pushed back on
Takumu’s fist, however slightly. Outstretched arms—separated by
a mere ten centimeters—struggled for supremacy, sparks shooting from the gap between them as light and dark fought with surprising ferocity.
The divine protection of the Destiny Arc was awe-inspiring. Its
defense alone was even more powerful than the Disaster, which
had shifted a great deal of its potential to offense.
But there was no point in simply sitting here and struggling
against each other like this. Haruyuki had to pierce the storm of
raging darkness and tell Takumu. He had to tell him that there
was not a single crime for which he could not be forgiven. That
everyone in the Legion needed him. And that no matter how deep
in the dark night he might be, if he looked up at the sky, there
would always be the light of the stars shining on the path ahead.
Reach him.
Reach him!!
Body and soul, Haruyuki prayed—and thereby gave form to his
will.
Rrrrring! A crisp echo, like a bell ringing, joined his prayer.
Overlay, pure and white, spread out across the silver armor that
covered his right arm. At the same time, from the tips of his fingers, his sword of light began to grow longer, bit by bit by bit.
Haruyuki’s Laser Sword was a range-expansion Incarnate
technique. The source of its power was the desire to reach out to a
place that was not normally reachable. For a long time, Haruyuki

thought this meant he wanted to run away from things. Run away
from his ugly, cowering self. Run away from the kids who bullied
that self. Run away from his mother’s gaze, which looked at him
like he was just another hassle in her life. Run away from the
memory of his father claiming not to want him. Run, run, stretch
out this hand to some place where he wasn’t…
But a place where he wasn’t didn’t exist. Wherever he might
try to go, he would be there. That hand reaching out would always
be connected to his own self. So reaching out his hand was an active gesture, one that tied him to what he wished to grasp.
Which is why this silver light has to connect me and Taku. It
will bring my feelings to him, my heart. It will overwrite the digital defense and attack power calculations of the Brain Burst
system and make a tiny miracle happen.
Reach…him…!
The cry from Haruyuki’s heart rang out across the field with a
powerful echo.
His pure, glittering silver light melted the superconcentrated
darkness, pierced it, and pushed forward bit by bit. It was no
longer a sword. It was Haruyuki’s own flesh-and-blood arm
reaching out from Silver Crow’s.
Taku!! I need you…!!
Beyond the end of his outstretched arm, he suddenly saw
something on the other side of the pitch-black darkness.
A pale left hand, just like his own, with no armor of any kind.
Takumu’s hand, fingers callused from swinging a sword every
day. The fingers, curled up into a tight ball, twitched. Slowly, tentatively, they opened up, then pulled back, shaking. But they
reached out hesitantly once more and moved toward Haruyuki’s
hand.

At that moment.
Countless spikes of light the color of dark blood exploded between them.
“Ngh?!” Pulled from the vision guiding the imagination circuit
and back into the duel field, Haruyuki saw an unexpected sight.
The Pile Driver of Cyan Pile’s right arm was held up before his
chest, as the eyeball-shaped ISS kit parasitizing the surface
opened its eye so wide it threatened to fall out. It bathed them in
concentrated light the shade of fresh blood. Black tissue like
blood vessels reached out from around the eyeball and came together about ten centimeters away to form a round protuberance.
The lump immediately grew to the same size as the eyeball
next to it, and then the surface of the black lump split lengthwise.
One piece went upward, the other downward, and then the eyelids opened to reveal another eyeball.
On the surface of Takumu’s arm, the two adjacent eyeballs of
the ISS kit gazed at Haruyuki from extremely close range. In
them, Haruyuki felt the definite will of someone else. A bottomless hunger. The urge to destroy. The craving to multiply. And hatred.
“Wh-why—!” Takumu cried out, still struggling with
Haruyuki’s Incarnate with his left fist. Apparently he hadn’t expected anything like this, either. “I didn’t give the command! So
why did a clone…?!”
Haruyuki grasped the meaning of this at basically the same
time as ten—or maybe more—thin black tentacles stretched out
from around the second eyeball to plunge into Silver Crow’s
chest.
Cold.

No, hot.
Abnormal signals raced through his entire nervous system. It
was almost as if ice water had been injected directly into his
blood vessels with a needle. The herd of capillaries, strangely like
microwires, drove deeper and deeper into his body. They
wrapped around his heart, tangled through his lungs, climbed up
his spine, and entered his head.
Haruyuki couldn’t move. He couldn’t speak.
And although the many tentacles had pierced deep into the
chest of his avatar, his HP gauge, with only a few percent remaining, did not decrease a single dot. But that itself showed the abnormality of the phenomenon. The silver overlay flowing from his
right arm shuddered and flickered; the Laser Sword that had extended from there also melted and crumbled away like snow flurries.
Normally, the equilibrium between their two Incarnates would
have been destroyed, and Cyan Pile’s Dark Blow would have easily dispatched Silver Crow.
However, that did not happen. As Haruyuki’s Incarnate flickered, Takumu pulled back his left hand and screamed, “Don’t you
touch Haruuuuuuuu!!”
Veiled in the obsidian aura, he used his left hand to grab hold
of the bundle of black wires that had come out of his own right
arm and were piercing Haruyuki’s chest. He twisted his entire
body in an effort to rip them out, yanking as hard as he could. But
the wires shuddered like some kind of living creature and fought
to keep from being removed.
Paralyzed, unable to move a muscle, Haruyuki met Takumu’s
eyes as his friend yanked and tugged at the black tentacles.
Takumu smiled thinly. Or that’s what it felt like. In that smile

was none of the emptiness, the deep resignation of the other
smiles he had given Haruyuki any number of times over the
course of the fight. It was the reliable, warm smile that had always been there when Haruyuki looked to his side during their
days of fighting alongside each other in their Legion.
Cyan Pile put the barrel of his Pile Driver against his own
throat.
“…T-Taku…,” Haruyuki struggled to say.
But at that exact moment, Takumu firmly called out the technique name: “Lightning Cyan Spark!!”
From the gap between the thick armor and the barrel glued to
it, a pale light jetted out. Then, a beam of lightning shot up from
the nape of Cyan Pile’s neck, higher and higher into the sky of the
Scorched Earth stage.
Having launched his special attack into the vital spot of his
own avatar, Takumu staggered backward and caught himself just
as he was about to fall. His HP gauge, at nearly 40 percent before
the self-inflicted blow, was dyed entirely red and dropped precipitously from the right side until it hit zero.
The movement of the black fibers, digging deep into
Haruyuki’s body, very close to reaching the center of his head,
stopped. They wilted and slid out of his chest before melting into
the air and disappearing.
The second eyeball also closed its lids, looked vexed somehow,
and disappeared as if absorbed into the first.
Standing there, dumbfounded, Haruyuki’s ears picked up his
friend’s soft whisper. “…Thank goodness…”
Leaving just those two words, Cyan Pile and his enormous
blue body, black aura completely gone, shattered into shards of

glass and scattered in all directions.
Thus Haruyuki was left alone in the center of an enormous
crater in the Scorched Earth stage, the area scarred and burned.
The silver Enhanced Armament was released, dissembling into
the air off his right arm.
As if to escape the flaming proclamation YOU WIN! displayed in
the center of his field of view, Haruyuki looked up at the darkening evening sky.
A vortex of feeling he couldn’t put a name to filled his chest
and spilled out from both eyes, blurring the reddish purple of the
sky. The duel was over, and until the moment he was pulled out
of the Accelerated World, Haruyuki simply stood there, the shoulders of his avatar shaking quietly.

The instant he returned to the real world and opened his eyes,
Haruyuki felt a single drop of water bounce off his cheek. It was
the tear Takumu had shed immediately before the direct duel
started.
Having burst out at roughly the same time, Takumu was still
holding down Haruyuki’s shoulder with his left hand, pinning
him flat on the bed, while gripping the direct cable with his right,
both eyes open wide. On the other side of his glasses, new
droplets were born and dripped down onto the lenses.
“…I…” Takumu’s lips trembled slightly as a hoarse voice slid
out of his throat. But instead of saying anything further, he slowly
lowered his body and fell over to Haruyuki’s right with a thud.
Silent for a while, the two friends lay side by side on the wide
single bed, at a diagonal. Their eyes rested on an A2-size poster,
printed on thin polyfilm and plastered to the ceiling of Takumu’s
room.

It featured an adult kendo player. Judging from the fact that
there was no text of any kind on it, it was probably a photo
Takumu had found and printed out himself. The composition had
the player positioned at a diagonal, on the verge of launching a
mask strike, the tip of the bamboo shinai sword plainly blurred. It
was nothing more than a 2-D photo, but it held an intensity great
enough to rouse passion just by viewing it.
“Is that player your teacher? An older student?” Haruyuki
asked cautiously in neurospeak, through the direct cable that still
connected their Neurolinkers.
After a while, a quiet reply came back to him. “No. He was a
kendo player fifty years ago.”
“So then…he’s someone you want to be like?”
“…It’s more like…respect, maybe? I mean, it’s ridiculous to
think I could be like him. In the nineteen nineties, he won the national kendo championships six times. And that record hasn’t
been broken even now, fifty years later.”
“So…what’s the second-place record?”
“Three times. And even that is a seriously nice piece of work.”
In which case, the player in the photo was the best kendo practitioner in real-world Japan—no, in the entire real world. The instant the thought crossed his mind, Haruyuki murmured, “Wonder what it’s like to be that strong. Like maybe you wouldn’t
worry about stuff or not knowing what to do, you know?”
“In an interview he did after he retired from competition,
when he was working as an instructor, he said, ‘I haven’t gotten
a hold on anything yet. I’m still dawdling at the entrance of a
pitch-black tunnel.’”

“Huh…Really?” Haruyuki sighed unconsciously before voicing
his thoughts as they came. “But, like, if it’s pitch-black, how can
you tell if it’s the entrance or not? Maybe the exit’s just up
ahead.”
He paused for a second before continuing. “It’s not actually
ridiculous to compare yourself to him. I-I’ve thought that, too, so
many times—that I’m in the middle of a tunnel without an exit.
But there was an exit. There always was. And the next tunnel
will…come along again soon, but…even still…”
Earnestly fumbling for words, Haruyuki turned his face to the
left and looked at Takumu’s profile, less than a meter away. Eyes
still blurred by tiny droplets, the frames of his glasses cutting
across his pale cheeks, he stared intently at the poster on the ceiling.
Haruyuki steadied his resolve and opened his mouth to speak
the heart of the matter in his real voice. “Taku, before, you
stopped your Incarnate attack—Dark Blow—for me. To save me,
you resisted the ISS kit and used your special attack on yourself.
That action shows your true nature—that’s what I believe. Even if
you did accept the kit and use its dark power this one time…you
cut down that temptation and made it out of the tunnel. That’s
what I believe.”
He couldn’t say the words before, out of fear that when the
conversation was over, Takumu would stand up, say good-bye,
and leave the room—to go and fight Magenta Scissor and the Acceleration Research Society.
Even after Haruyuki closed his mouth, Takumu continued to
stare silently up at the ceiling for a while.
After ten seconds or so, his friend asked him an entirely unexpected question in his real voice. “Haru, yesterday, in the solo
song presentation in music class, you sang ‘Wings Please,’ right?”

“Uh, uh-huh.” Haruyuki nodded, perplexed.
Takumu glanced at him, smiling faintly as he continued. “The
teacher gave us a bunch of other choices. Why’d you pick that
one? You’ve always hated that song.”
“Yeah…that’s true.” The enormous anxiety blocking his chest
receded just a little as Haruyuki smiled a light, wry smile. “Well,
it wasn’t like I had any real reason for hating it, either, you know.
I dunno, I’ve always thought the song had ‘wishes that won’t
come true’ as its basic premise.”
Looking out the corner of his eye at Takumu wordlessly encouraging him to continue, Haruyuki added, “It’s also because
I’m pretty cynical, right? I always felt like right before the first
line of the song—‘If I could have one wish come true right now,
I’d ask for wings’—there was actually another line: ‘I know that I
can’t, but…’ And, like, that was just too close to how I actually
felt. So I could never manage to like that song.”
He turned his gaze back to the ceiling and gently raised his
right hand. With his fingertips, he caressed the sky that lay beyond the wallpaper and concrete.
“But, like, when I listened to it again in the reference sound
files we got for homework last week, I could kinda think…maybe
not, you know? Umm…Umm…”
Explaining his own mental state in words was the thing
Haruyuki was worst at in all the world. But as he moved his upturned palm like a bird, he worked to get it all out. “That song,
maybe it’s not so important whether it comes true or not. I was
thinking it’s maybe a song about wanting to go there sometime.
‘Up into the free sky, where there is no sadness,’ while always
walking along on the ground one step at a time. I mean, like,
what’s important is…”
Here, his language-processing faculties ran up against their

limit, and he was stuck simply opening and closing his mouth.
“Not the result, but the process,” Takumu muttered softly, on
his behalf. “The really important thing is that ongoing process.”
“R-right. That’s it.” Haruyuki clenched his right hand, still up
in the air, and passionately said, “Like, Kuroyukihime is always
telling me strength’s not a word that’s just about winning. And
Shinomiya said so, too. True strength is moving forward without
giving up, no matter if you lose, or fall down, or fail…And when I
started thinking that maybe that song’s trying to say the same
thing, I felt kinda bad for hating it all this time. Or, you know,
maybe it’s just because I can fly in the Accelerated World that I
can forgive it now.”
As he pulled down his arm and stuck it behind his head,
Haruyuki added with a wry smile, “Either way, my singing was
really awful. Thank God recording’s not allowed at school.”
“It wasn’t that bad, Haru.”
Haruyuki turned his head then and saw Takumu smiling as he
stared up at the ceiling.
Takumu closed his eyes gently. “You probably didn’t notice,
but Chii was secretly crying,” he murmured, as if remembering
the lesson the day before. “While listening to you singing your
heart out with that piece.”
“Huh.” Haruyuki was speechless.
His friend continued gently, smile still in place. “The me of a
little while ago would have probably been torn up with jealousy
and self-loathing seeing Chii like that. But…but, you know, I was
happy then, too. I was happy watching you sing that song so
proudly and Chii crying while she listened to it. That moment…In
just that moment…the circle of the three of us…was like it used to
be…” Takumu’s voice suddenly trembled, and from his tightly

closed eyelids, transparent droplets once again flowed silently.
Struck with emotion, Haruyuki clenched his teeth. But he soon
turned over toward Takumu, propping himself up on one elbow
as he started speaking. “Not ‘like it used to be.’ Like it is. This is
us now. Taku, Chiyu and I need you now just as ever!”
For a moment, Takumu turned his face away, as though trying
to escape from the declaration.
But Haruyuki was certain his words would reach his best
friend’s heart. They had gone up against each other with everything they had in the Accelerated World, and, fist on fist, they had
spoken.
A few seconds later, Takumu turned back to him with damp
eyes. “Haru,” he whispered in a shaky voice. “I…Maybe I can
change like you. Maybe I can keep fighting the black emotions in
my heart and aim for the ‘sky.’ Maybe I can keep walking forward.”
“O-of course you can, Taku! I mean, you’re always changing.
The way you shot yourself with that Lightning Spike at the end of
the battle just now is proof of that.”
Haruyuki inched a little closer to Takumu and gripped his
friend’s shoulder. He looked hard past the blue glasses, damp
with tears. “Taku, give me just a little more time. Tomorrow,
Thursday…at seven tomorrow night, I’m definitely coming back
alive from the Castle with Shinomiya. She should be able to purify
your ISS kit, too. One more day. Hold on against the temptation
of the kit for one more day, Taku.”
Takumu lowered his eyes against Haruyuki’s earnest plea
without immediately responding. “Last night, I got the kit from
Magenta Scissor in the Setagaya area,” he finally squeezed out in
a strained voice. “It was still in the sealed card state. But…after I
got home and ate and took a bath, when I was falling asleep in

bed…it started talking to me. Not in words—in feelings. Rage, hatred, jealousy, all kinds of negative emotions poured into me. And
when this was happening, I wasn’t wearing my Neurolinker. All
night, I had this long, long nightmare. When I woke up, my heart
was full of black things…”
Haruyuki could feel through the palm of his hand Takumu’s
sturdy frame shaking.
“Haru,” his friend whispered weakly, lowering his face even
farther, as if he were a child again. “I’m scared. It’s not in the
realm of Neurolinker memory anymore, it’s inside my head. Now
that I’ve broken the seal, what will it show me tonight? Can I
make it to tomorrow morning as the same me I am now? I’m so
scared of it, I can hardly stand it. I mean, already—I didn’t even
hesitate to hurt you so badly in the battle.”
Interference from the Accelerated World even when his Neurolinker was not equipped. In principle, it was impossible. However, it was a phenomenon that Haruyuki himself had experienced. He had, more than once in the past, heard the voice of the
Armor of Catastrophe in an unaccelerated state or when he
wasn’t wearing his Neurolinker.
But thinking about it, the acceleration of thought the Brain
Burst program pulled off as a matter of course was itself an extraordinary phenomenon. And that wasn’t all. Two months earlier,
Haruyuki had witnessed an actual Burst Linker lose Brain Burst
and have his memory tinkered with therein, to the point that
memory of the program was ultimately erased.
Which meant the program had the power to interfere with
human consciousness—with the soul itself. In which case, anything could happen. Accept it and fight. That was all they could
do.
“So then, Taku, come stay at my place today,” Haruyuki said,
gripping Takumu’s trembling shoulder even more tightly.

“…What?”
It was quite unexpected, after all. Faced with the dumbfounded expression on Takumu’s face, Haruyuki began rattling
on at high speed.
“If we fall asleep in a heap, playing games like we used to, you
won’t have time for scary dreams or anything. Although I guess
you can’t call it a heap with only two people. So then let’s get
Chiyu to come, too. If we say the three of us are gonna do homework or something, her parents’ll let her. And I mean, we actually
do have math and Japanese homework, right? So then, you take
care of the math, Chiyu does the Japanese, and I’ll get the tea.
And did you know? If you open homework files in the initial accelerated space, that stupid stingy protection doesn’t work, so you
can copy-paste answers!”
As the tidal wave of Haruyuki’s argument crashing over him,
Takumu opened both eyes wide and stared. But finally, after staring at his friend’s chattering mouth for a while, Takumu sighed in
resignation, a wry smile crossing his lips.
“You always used to do this to me: get so carried away that I
get caught up, too, and then you’d convince me to do all sorts of
things. I used to get into so much trouble, you know.”
“Did I? I don’t remember that.” Releasing the shoulder he had
been clutching, Haruyuki scratched his own head pointedly.
The wryness gradually disappeared from the smile on his face,
though, and Takumu soon removed his glasses and wiped his
eyes roughly. “I guess that’s that, then. I can’t let exhaustion from
doing homework affect the Castle escape mission tomorrow. I’ll
come over and help you. But as senior Burst Linker here, I can’t
let you use a point and accelerate just to copy-paste homework
answers. I’ll teach you the concepts, but you have to do the calculations yourself.”

“Whaaat…” Pursing his lips, Haruyuki blinked several times
and cleared away what threatened to blur his vision.
The ISS kit lodged inside Takumu still existed. Even as they
lay there, it was watching vigilantly for its next chance. Just like
the Armor of Catastrophe inside Haruyuki.
But Haruyuki had been able to push back against the armor’s
control and summon the original Destiny, albeit just once and
only one arm of it. But it was proof that Takumu should be able to
do it, too. To keep resisting the temptation of the kit for just another twenty-four hours, until Ardor Maiden, the “purifying
shrine maiden,” came back alive from within the Castle walls. Because Takumu had already stepped back from the brink of despair once and was trying to walk away from it.
“Okay! Now that that’s decided, let’s head over to my place!
On the way, we can stop at the mall downstairs for food. Or no,
wait. If we call Chiyu, maybe she’ll come with a bonus item.”
Haruyuki fell into thought, and Takumu lightly jabbed at his
chest, laughing.
“You don’t want to call Chii. What you really want is to invite
the dinner her mom’ll make us.”
“N-no! I mean, the two are just kind of indivisible. Like, mention Chiyu, you get provisions. Mention provisions, get Chiyu.”
“Uh-huh. Go ahead and try saying that to Chii.”
“N-no way! O-okay, I’m gonna mail her, so you go get your
mom to say yes.”
Making like he hadn’t said the offending line in the first place,
Haruyuki stood up from the bed.
Just when he was about to casually pull out the XSB cable still
plugged into his Neurolinker, the faintest neurovoice reverber-

ated gently, deep within his brain, like a droplet falling on the
surface of a pond.
“Thanks, Haru. I’m so glad…we can still be friends.”
Back still turned to his good friend, Haruyuki reflected heavily
on this before returning in the same tender neurospeak:
“Me too, Taku.”

2
Naturally, there were a few hurdles in making this impromptu
sleepover actually happen.
Getting permission from Takumu’s parents, who definitely did
not harbor any particular goodwill toward Haruyuki.
The right and wrong of Chiyu staying at the Arita house when
they would be fourteen that year, regardless of the fact that they
were childhood friends.
And, of course, Haruyuki’s mother.
Unexpectedly, the easiest of the three to take care of was the
last. Haruyuki timidly typed out a brief mail to his mother, who
was still at work, asking if it would be okay if he had two friends
stay over. The response he got was brief: “If you make a mess,
clean it up. I won’t be home tonight, so take care of things.”
It wasn’t clear if she had already planned not to be home or if
she was taking the opportunity to go out on the town herself, or if
she was actually being considerate of her son and clearing out of
the house when his friends stayed over, but if his mother wasn’t
going to be home, they could use the living room the whole night.
The next hurdle cleared was the first one: permission from
Takumu’s parents. The simple sentence “we’re going to do homework” worked wonders.
The issue was the second hurdle. Wondering exactly how
Chiyu herself and her parents would come down on the matter,
Takumu and Haruyuki crossed the connecting bridge on the

twentieth floor of the condo and rang the bell of the Kurashima
home at 2108 of B wing. But…

“My goodness, Haru! And Taku! It’s been ages. Oh, Taku, you’ve
gotten so big! How tall are you now…Oh my! A hundred and seventy-five centimeters?! You’re taller than my dear hubby now.
You kids these days are really something! So why are the three of
you going to do the tough homework? Oh, that’s right, you’re all
in the same class this year, for the first time, hmm? When I heard
you transferred to Umesato, Taku, honey, I was pleased as punch!
But now things are going to be tougher for our Chiyu finally. If
only both of you could marry her…”
It had been a while, and so Haruyuki and Takumu simply listened, baffled, at the stream-of-consciousness chatter that was
Chiyuri’s mother’s specialty. However, here the lone daughter in
question poked her head out from the kitchen and shouted, her
face a raging conflagration, “Mom! You don’t have to say everything in your head! The pot’s boiling over!”
“Ooh! Goodness! Don’t let it! Turn it off! No, don’t turn it off,
turn the heat down! Down!” As Chiyuri’s mother hurried into the
kitchen, Chiyuri strode out into the hallway to take her place and
glared down at them from the entryway’s step.
“Those faces aren’t we’re going to get up to something. Those
faces say you’ve already gotten up to it,” she remarked. She did
have a keen eye. And as two boys who had already gotten up to
one fight, all they could do was cock their heads with a half laugh.
The mail Haruyuki sent before they came over had simply
said, “Would you like to stay over tonight with Taku?” but Chiyuri
was quick to whip aside that curtain in no time flat and see
through to the heart of things. She had apparently showered at
school after practice; her hair was half-dried as she stood there in
a plain T-shirt, hands planted on her hips as she glared at them.

But eventually, she snorted softly. “Well, whatever. I’ll hang
out,” she said quickly.
“Huh? R-really?” Without thinking, Haruyuki went for confirmation…stupidly.
“Weren’t you the one who invited me?!” As the corners of her
eyes turned up sharply once more in irritation, he hurried to bow
deeply along with Takumu.
Twenty minutes later, with a basket full of supper forced on
them by Chiyuri’s mother, Haruyuki and his friends moved to the
Arita home. He could never come home alone to the large, deserted, sparsely furnished three-bedroom condo in the evenings
without feeling a chill, but returning with his two childhood
friends, he didn’t have the time to think about things like that.
He went and dropped his bag in his bedroom, and after changing into more comfortable clothes, he launched his mailer before
heading back out into the living room.
Fuko Kurasaki and Utai Shinomiya had told him about
Takumu (Cyan Pile) being attacked by and then turning the tables
on the PK group Supernova Remnant in the Unlimited Neutral
Field, but Kuroyukihime probably also knew by now. No doubt
they were all worried deeply, too. He needed to update them on
the situation, but he’d never be able to explain in a mail the full
details of the ISS kit and the fight between them.
So he simply wrote, “Takumu is okay. I’ll explain everything
during the Castle escape mission tomorrow,” and sent the message. All three quickly responded that they understood, and in
those concise replies, Haruyuki felt keenly their thoughtfulness.
Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Utai had to have sensed long ago
that something momentous, something that couldn’t be neatly
tied up in the word okay had happened. However, there wasn’t
the slightest hint of question in their replies. Kuroyukihime and

the others implicitly communicated their intention to leave everything to the judgment of Haruyuki and Takumu.
But at the same time, if something Haruyuki and Takumu
couldn’t take back happened, the responsibility would also sit
squarely on their shoulders.
Twenty-four more hours. The two of them—no, three of them
with Chiyuri—had to make it through this one night so that
Takumu didn’t lose himself again in the interference from the ISS
kit. They could do it. The three of them had been on countless adventures together since they were little.
Having thought things through this far, Haruyuki suddenly realized something and his fingers froze.
He hadn’t had any specific purpose in inviting Chiyuri to their
impromptu sleepover party. It had been simply the expectation,
the near conviction that the three of them could get through it
somehow.
However. A certain power Chiyuri possessed…If they used
that, then could they maybe remove through the system itself the
parasite causing Takumu so much agony? Given the utter irregularity of the situation, he couldn’t even count on the possibility,
but still, it was worth a try.
“Kuroyukihime, Master, Mei…” Haruyuki softly called to his
three missing companions. “I know, I just know we’ll manage
something. Because Taku and Chiyu…they’re my best friends.”
Taking large strides, Haruyuki yanked open the door to the
living room, where something smelled delicious.

What Chiyuri’s mother had prepared for them in a mere half hour
was a soupy curry with plenty of summer vegetables. All they had
to do was heat up some of the rice stockpiled in the Arita freezer

and set out some iced jasmine tea, and then, just like that, a
splendid, ample dining table appeared before them.
After a hearty “Let’s eat!” the threesome chowed down wordlessly. Even Takumu, who hadn’t eaten anything since the morning, seemed to have managed to get back some of his appetite
somehow. Or maybe it was the power of Chiyuri’s mother’s cooking, which was impossible to resist, especially when you were carrying around a heavy emotional burden.
“Aah! Eggplant’s totally different when you fry it up,”
Haruyuki proclaimed, a blissful expression on his face as he
stuffed his cheeks full with eggplant slices that had been fried in
olive oil before being gently simmered in the curry sauce.
“Fried and boiled eggplant’s always delicious!” Chiyuri cried
out in reprimand.
“No, but unfried eggplant’s basically a sponge you can eat.
Deep-fried eggplant, though, that’s the food of the gods.”
“Oh, come on! You have the taste of a child! You don’t even get
the magical delight of eggplant roasted and peeled and then eaten
with some ginger and soy sauce!”
After watching the back-and-forth between his friends,
Takumu cleared his throat. “Okay, okay, you two. Fried eggplant
and roasted eggplant are both delicious, but the best is when it’s
pickled. That bright blue, pickled in brine—that is the taste of
summer.”
At this very un-teenager-like declaration, Chiyuri and
Haruyuki exchanged a look and let out a long “Whoooooaaaa” at
the same time.
“Sorry to say this, Taku, but for me, pickled eggplant’s a bit…
that’s when it’s like a sponge.”

“Yeah, me, too. I know you’re a blue type, Taku, but that you’d
look for blue even in pickles…”
“Wh-what? This has nothing to do with my avatar’s color!”
Takumu looked genuinely hurt, and Chiyuri patted his shoulder,
grinning.
“Ah-ha-ha! Sorry! Sorry! To make up for it, I’ll ask Mom to do
some eggplant, too, the next time she makes her famous pickles!”
As they chattered lightly, Haruyuki was aware in a part of his
mind that it had been a fairly long time since just the three of
them had had supper together like this.
The circle that bound Haruyuki, Chiyuri, and Takumu at the
moment was maintained by an incredibly subtle balance. The relationship between Takumu and Chiyuri, who started dating in
the winter of fifth grade, had been reset with the backdoor program incident last fall, and they had been estranged for a while
after that. But Takumu transferred to Umesato Junior High in the
third term of last year, and then, in the first term of eighth grade,
Chiyuri ended up becoming a Burst Linker, too, so the distance
between them as friends, including Haruyuki, had begun to close
once more, albeit awkwardly at times. And going through the difficult fight with the Twilight Marauder, Dusk Taker, when he attacked them not long after that, once again cemented the circle
that connected them. Or that’s what it had seemed like.
But that relationship was built on being Burst Linkers, on
being members of the Legion Nega Nebulus. If, hypothetically,
one of them was to lose all their burst points and all memories of
the Accelerated World, would the three of them be able to maintain this bond? Haruyuki didn’t know.
The one sure thing was that this was not the time to cower before hypothetical dangers. They had to charge toward all obstacles head-on, break through, and race toward their sole and ultimate goal. Toward the horizon that was level ten, the objective of

their Legion Master, Kuroyukihime.
As he reaffirmed his resolve, Haruyuki went to reach his fork
out toward the nearly empty curry bowl. But just as he was about
to—
“Haru, since you like them so much, you can have my eggplant! In exchange, I’ll be taking this little lovely!” Chiyuri said,
grinning as she dropped a slice of eggplant onto his plate and
picked up a large chunk of chicken on her way back out.
“Ah! Aaaah! You! My precious, precious baby that I raised—I
mean, kept aside…!”
“Huh? You shaid behore that ehhplan was a hundred times
hetter than hicken.”
“I did not! Spit that out and give it back!” Tearing up, he
fought valiantly, but the soft, stewed, juicy chicken meat was
chewed up in Chiyuri’s mouth before his eyes.
“Ah, sho hood. To make this delicious flavor last longer, I’d
even use the ‘acceleration’ command.”
“D-dammit!” As Haruyuki stamped his feet against his chair in
frustration, Takumu watched with a slightly exasperated look, but
eventually…
“Pft! Ha-ha! Ah-ha-ha!” He laughed cheerfully out loud.
Chiyuri and Haruyuki were quick to join in. And the threesome kept laughing and laughing, forks in hand.

After they worked together to clear the table and do the dishes, it
was homework time as advertised.
They moved to the sofa set on the west side of the living room,

huddled together, and launched the homework app. In the specialized software, developed by the major education corporation
that was the managing parent organization of Umesato Junior
High, the specifications were utterly inflexible to the point where
no copying and pasting of answers whatsoever was permitted,
and it was also impossible to view another person’s screen, even if
connected through an ad hoc or direct wired connection. If you
used the “Burst Link” command to dive into the blue world of the
initial acceleration space, those restrictions were all rendered null
and void, but unless it was at school five minutes before homeroom started, they couldn’t allow themselves the luxury of accelerating to take care of their homework.
And so the three friends shared information with one another
using the rather dated method of spreading out A3-size electronic
paper on the glass coffee table and then writing by hand. But, in
the end, it took care of their math and Japanese homework in just
forty minutes. If it had been Haruyuki working alone, the whole
thing would have taken twice as long.
They looked at the clock and saw that it wasn’t even eight yet,
so the evening turned into an old game tournament, featuring selections from Haruyuki’s collection, something else they hadn’t
done in a very long time. They connected the hardware—over
thirty years old, so that if it broke, even the manufacturer
couldn’t repair it anymore—to the flat-screen TV on the wall, and,
enjoying even the roughness of the resolution (1080p), they got
entirely and gleefully carried away by games replete with violence
almost never seen in modern games.
Once the hands of the clock had swung past nine thirty, the
three took turns in the bath—naturally, they couldn’t get in together anymore like they used to way, way back—changed into
their pajamas, and came together once more in the living room.
They put away the game console and then laid out three bouncy
folding mattresses, pillows, and blankets on the floor.
“Okay, then.” Chiyuri, in light-green pajamas with a small cat

print on them, looked at Haruyuki and Takumu in turn and said,
grinning, “Both of you, sit down there.”
“Huh?”
“O-okay.”
They hurriedly drank down the iced tea they had poured after
getting out of the bath and sat down alongside each other on the
mattress in front of Chiyuri, who was still standing. The fact that
they were both sitting in the formal style on their knees was perhaps because of the knowledge etched into their brains and
hearts since childhood that when all was said and done, they were
Chiyuri’s subordinates.
The smile still on her face, arms crossed tightly before her
chest, Chiyuri continued speaking. “Now, perhaps you could explain this all to me again? What exactly did you two do this time,
and what terrible position has it put us in?”
Whoa, she’s figured it out already. While he was deeply impressed, Haruyuki’s thoughts went into high gear in the back of
his mind.
The biggest reason he had dragged Chiyuri into this impromptu sleepover party was because he had hoped that her presence—to be more precise, this situation with the three childhood
friends huddled together like they used to be—would interrupt
the interference from the ISS kit saved somewhere inside
Takumu. He hadn’t thought it through to the point where they
spilled everything about the current state of affairs to her. Because that would be the same as revealing the deep scars Takumu
carried within him, right up to the feelings of guilt that he was the
one who’d smashed the circle the three of them had once made.
But Chiyuri had already guessed at the situation to a certain
extent—to a place fairly near the heart of the matter, actually.
And if they were going to try erasing the kit’s power, then either

way, they couldn’t hide the truth.
Haruyuki glanced at Takumu, off to his left. His friend, hair
freshly washed, met his eyes dead-on for about a second before
turning back to Chiyuri.
“Chii, I’m pretty sure you’ve heard the rumors by now at
least,” he said. “About the ISS kit problem that’s been seriously
affecting the Accelerated World for just over a week now…” And
then Takumu told her everything, taking about twenty minutes to
do so.
About how he’d gone to the empty area of Setagaya by himself
the night before, and the Burst Linker Magenta Scissor he’d encountered had handed him an ISS kit in a sealed state. How after
he’d returned home and gone to bed, he’d had dreams that were
clearly interference from the kit even though he had taken off his
Neurolinker. How he’d had a slight fever when he’d woken up, so
he’d taken the opportunity of his parents sending him to see the
family doctor to collect information in the Shinjuku area. How his
old Legion companion had sold his information, and he’d been
attacked in the real by the PK group Supernova Remnant.
Takumu had dived with them into the Unlimited Neutral Field
and summoned the ISS kit there to press all the members of
Remnant into total point loss with the dark Incarnate. As a result,
although he’d managed to keep Brain Burst, the kit had eaten into
his mind all that much more. Believing he would end up hurting
his friends in Nega Nebulus, he’d resolved to fight Magenta Scissor, determine the source of the kit distribution, and gather information while ready to strike out at any enemies—all while he
could still control the dark power, which was, already, just barely.
However, immediately before that, he’d ended up in a direct
duel with Haruyuki, who had raced to Takumu’s house from
Umesato Junior High, and the two of them had fought, throwing
all the power and suppressed emotion they had in them at each
other. And at the end of the intense battle, he had succeeded in

pushing back against the interference from the kit to a certain extent. However…
“It’s still inside me.” Finishing up the long story, Takumu
grabbed his blue Neurolinker, which he had taken off before getting in the bath, in both hands and summed up in a half whisper,
“The kit is hiding somewhere in this Neurolinker—and maybe
part of it is somewhere in my head. It’s steadily absorbing power
from the other kits it’s linked to, getting stronger with every passing second, even now, while we’re sitting here like this. Tonight…
if I have that nightmare again, I might call up that black thing in
my heart. So Haru’s trying to stop that by having the three of us
spend the night together like this. That’s why he invited you over
out of the blue. All of it…my own foolish conceit brought all this
on.” Here, Takumu closed his mouth and hung his head.
Chiyuri had listened to the entire long story still standing, not
moving a muscle, and now she abruptly dropped to her knees before Takumu. She stretched out a pale hand from the elbowlength sleeve of her pajamas to, with a gentle finger, wipe away
the wetness from the left side of Takumu’s glasses. “I’m sorry,
Taku.”
“Huh?” He lifted his face, eyes open wide.
Chiyuri began speaking softly. “I’ve known for a long time that
you…you’re a kind person who is maybe as easily hurt as Haru is.
But…all this time, I was spoiled by that kindness of yours.”
Her eyes, always shining brightly like a cat’s, were slowly lowered. Chiyuri brought down her hand and seated herself more
formally, like her friends, before lifting her gaze and speaking in a
resolute tone.
“When I was little, I believed so hard that no matter how many
years went by, the three of us would be close, we’d always be able
to laugh together. But the truth is, that’s impossible, isn’t it? We
can’t stop the flow of time. We can’t rewind it, either. Even

though I knew that somewhere in my head…I’ve been wishing all
this time for just a little longer. For us to be like this just a little
longer.”
She took a deep breath. Looking at Haruyuki and Takumu in
turn, Chiyuri suddenly gave voice to something wholly unexpected. “Haru, Taku. We haven’t told anyone outside my family
this, but…Okay. My dad might not live very long.”
As though the words went in through Haruyuki’s ears up into
his brain to dam it up somewhere, he couldn’t identify the meaning in them for a while. Apparently having the same reaction,
Takumu wasn’t even breathing, much less moving.
With both her friends gazing at her, Chiyuri opened her mouth
to continue, the gentle expression on her face still perfectly intact.
“You already know why I could meet the first condition of being a
Burst Linker, right?”
“Yeah.” As Haruyuki nodded, a part of his mind started thinking.
To become a Burst Linker—i.e., to install the Brain Burst program in your Neurolinker—there were two conditions. The first
was that you had to have been wearing a Neurolinker continuously since soon after you were born. The second was to have a
high-level affinity for the quantum connection.
The second could be met through long-term full-dive experience and active training—like Chiyuri herself had done. But there
was nothing a person could do at this stage about the first condition. In other words, Burst Linker affinity could be said to be
half-inherent.
The majority of reasons for equipping a newborn with a Neurolinker could be boiled down to making child-rearing easier or
gifted infant education. Haruyuki had been given an infant Neurolinker immediately after he was born for the former reason,

Takumu for the latter.
But neither of these applied to Chiyuri.
Just before she was born, her father had developed an illness
in his throat and had his vocal cords removed, making conversation with his real voice problematic. However, Chiyuri’s parents
wanted to bring up their beloved daughter hearing both of their
voices somehow, so they decided to use the neurospeak function
of the Neurolinker. And so, Chiyuri had been raised from the time
she was a baby hearing her father’s voice through her Neurolinker.
As if waiting for Haruyuki and Takumu to imagine their way to
this point, Chiyuri said slowly, “So the disease that made Dad lose
his voice was hypopharyngeal cancer.”
At their panicked faces, Chiyuri shook her head lightly to reassure her once again speechless friends.
“It’s okay. None of this is immediate or anything. I mean, cancer itself isn’t the scary disease it used to be anymore, with all the
advances in radiation therapy micromachines…But, you know, I
guess even the technology now can’t completely get rid of the cancer cells once they start moving and spread throughout the body.
And in the last ten years, Dad’s had it show up again, once in his
esophagus and once in his lungs. Both times, they managed to
push it back with anticancer drugs and MM treatment, but…I
guess now the doctor’s saying that if it recurs somewhere, the
prognosis won’t be so great.”
As she continued talking, the strong smile stayed on her face,
but Haruyuki noticed her large eyes blurring over.
“Mom and Dad try to make sure I don’t worry, of course, but
still, I know. We’ve been doing this family thing for a while now,
after all. When Dad was in treatment, the side effects were really
hard on him. And Mom would wake up over and over during the

night to touch Dad. So once the treatment was over and he was
better again, I prayed to God from the bottom of my heart. ‘Please
let us stay the way we are now. Dad and Mom and me, and you
guys, all of us healthy and close the way we are now.’ That was…
in fourth grade. For me…it’s like this time wrapped in a golden
light. We had so much fun every day.”
Here, Chiyuri closed her mouth and turned her eyes up to the
ceiling to keep her tears from spilling out.
Still unable to actually say anything, Haruyuki had a vision of
Chiyuri’s father pop up in the back of his mind. When they were
in third or fourth grade and they came home exhausted from
playing outside, he would go to the Kurashimas’ basically every
day and eat supper with them, even taking his nighttime bath
there. He regularly saw Chiyuri’s father, but he hadn’t let
Haruyuki see the slightest hint of the fact that he had been struggling fiercely with cancer for years. He always had a bright smile
on his thin face, and he even joined in their games sometimes.
“Chiyu…I didn’t…”
I didn’t notice anything.
As Haruyuki tried to give voice to these words, Chiyuri turned
her smile on him once more and shook her head in short bursts.
“I told you, it’s not like anything’s going to happen right away
or something. It’s just if the cancer comes back again, then
maybe. Which is why I really shouldn’t just be freaking out about
the future. But I’ve pretended that I couldn’t see anything changing. I didn’t even try to understand how you feel, Taku…Now
could turn into then, and I’d still be trying to go back there. It was
only natural you’d try to figure out how I really felt last fall, Taku.
I mean, even though I was right there beside you, even in dive
calls, I was never really looking at the Taku in front of me.”
“No.” Having been silent up to that point, Takumu clenched

his hands into fists on his knees and shook his head fiercely from
side to side. “Chii, you’re wrong. I’m the one to blame here for not
being able to trust you. I’m the one who didn’t even notice anything about what you were carrying around. I just kept pushing
you with my own selfish wish, for you to look at me, to look only
at me. And in the end…I…Your Neurolinker, I…”
The voice he tried to squeeze out of his throat sounded very
much like the cry of anguish when he’d fought Haruyuki earlier.
But Haruyuki believed that the Takumu speaking his heart
now was not simply coming from backward-looking self-reproach
or self-hatred.
Believe. He forced himself to swallow the word.
Takumu clenched his hands one final time, almost to the point
of creaking, and then released them before he continued
hoarsely, “But…” He lifted his head and looked directly at
Haruyuki, and then at Chiyuri. “But I’ve changed, Chii. I promise.
It’s only a little at a time, but I’m getting stronger. Someday I’ll
pay for all my crimes, so that this time for sure, I can take your
hand and pull you toward the future.”
“Uh-huh.” Chiyuri nodded, a tear spilling from her eyes. “Me,
too. I’m going to stop just looking at the past. Right now…I’m too
scared to look ahead at what’s coming. But still, I’m going to treasure this moment. I mean, I’m having fun now. Moving toward
the same goal with you and Haru and Kuroyukihime and Big Sister and Ui, it’s fun, I’m happy. So…” She took a deep breath,
straightened her back, and, after wiping roughly at her eyes, she
said with her voice clear, “So I’m not going to let this ISS kit or
whatever it’s called do whatever it wants with you, Taku. I’ll protect you. Me and Haru, we’ll protect you, Taku.”

3
Haruyuki was prone to forgetting this fact, but it had been only
two months since Chiyuri had become a Burst Linker. A very
short period of time comparatively, a fourth of Haruyuki’s time,
and only a seventh of that of her “parent,” Takumu.
However, once she had heard all the details about the ISS kit
from the two more experienced Burst Linkers, after thinking
about it for mere seconds, Chiyuri screwed her face up in an exaggerated fashion. “Could it be…those guys again? The Acceleration
Research Society.”
Unconsciously, Haruyuki and Takumu looked at each other,
and when they turned their gazes back to Chiyuri—who was
flopped over on the last of the three mattresses pushed together—
they nodded simultaneously.
“Y-yeah, we were thinking the same thing…”
“Y-you’re amazing, Chii. It took me and Haru way more time
to get to that conclusion, even though we had two heads working
on it.”
“But, I mean, you know…” Face still puckered up, Chiyuri lowered her voice a bit. “It’s really the same as the way he did things.
Like, they don’t attack straight on, they sort of eat into things
from all sides.”
The “he” Chiyuri was referring to was Dusk Taker, a former
member of the Acceleration Research Society, now banished from
the Accelerated World. By the time he appeared before Haruyuki
and named himself, he had already dug up all the information on

Nega Nebulus and held Haruyuki’s fatal weakness in his hand.
And now, the kits had started circulating from the so-called
empty areas of Setagaya, Ota, and Edogawa. There was most
likely a large number of people among the Burst Linkers who
made their home in the city center who still didn’t know what was
happening.
The matter of the kits would very likely be taken up on the
agenda at the meeting of the Seven Kings scheduled to take place
four days from now, on Sunday, but there was at least the possibility that the situation would have already progressed at that
point to a pandemic state impossible to get under control.
Forcing himself to swallow such stinging anxieties, Haruyuki
tightened his crossed arms and legs and opened his mouth.
“So, like, in the Accelerated World, there’s something like a
formula, right? Built into powerful techniques and items is always a risk or a weak point to balance them out. I mean, all the
other abilities of my avatar have basically been sacrificed for my
flight, and with Taku’s Pile Driver or Master’s Gale Thruster, once
they use them, they can’t use them again until they recharge.”
“That’s…” Chiyuri nodded. “You’re right. The activation movement for my Citron Call is huge, and since there’s no homing
function, you can avoid it pretty easily.”
“Even the Incarnate System, which is technically outside the
game system, is the same,” Takumu followed, pushing up his
glasses. “You basically can’t learn Incarnate that goes against
your avatar’s affinities, and if you use it too often, there’s the risk
that your heart’ll be swallowed up by darkness and you won’t be
able to control the power. Oh, right, so what you’re trying to say,
Haru, is…”
“Yeah. I have no idea right now how they came up with the
principles of the ISS kit, but at the very least, from what the Brain

Burst program will allow, in exchange for that terrifying power
and boundless infectiousness…I think it has some massive vulnerability. So big that if we push down on it, the entire network
it’s built up will just crumble.”
“True. That’s really plausible.” His usual intellectual gleam
back in his narrowed eyes, if only temporarily, Takumu continued, gradually picking up speed as he spoke. “The creator of the
kit—probably someone near the top of the Acceleration Research
Society—I thought they must have included some kind of suicide
program. I was going to die fighting for any details I could get.
But it is possible that some vulnerability had to have been part of
the kits right from the start…In which case, if we can find out that
secret, we might be able to force the kits to self-destruct even if
we don’t have any kind of activation key.” Here, he yanked his
face up and took a deep breath, mouth about to open again.
“No, Taku.” Chiyuri thrust the index finger of her right hand
out before him.
“Huh?”
“You were totally thinking you could use yourself as a test subject and get Kuroyukihime and Big Sister to investigate the weak
points of the kit.”
“Oh…Well, y-yeah…but, I mean, Master and the others would
be able to shut me down before I lost control or some—”
“Noooo! Our Legion totally does not let anyone sacrifice themselves and suffer all alone to achieve whatever goal!” Having
made this blunt declaration, Chiyuri looked at her friends once
more. She knew what she was talking about; she had, in fact, sacrificed herself and suffered to save both of them when they went
up against Dusk Taker.
But she was basically saying she’d already forgiven them for
the whole thing as she shut down Takumu, and after thinking for

a moment, she opened her mouth again. “Hey, Taku? Maybe I
can get rid of that…the ISS kit that’s possessing you with my Citron Call Mode Two?”
Haruyuki inhaled sharply the instant he heard this. Her proposal was the very idea he himself had been warming to for the
past several hours.
Citron Call, the special attack of Chiyuri’s avatar, Lime Bell,
had the rather impressive effect of rewinding time for the targeted avatar. It also had two different modes, depending on the
motion and the amount of her special-attack gauge she used.
Mode I, which used half her gauge, rewound the receiving
avatar a few seconds. It was a powerful technique to replenish HP
and special-attack gauges, which in reality allowed her to fulfill a
Healer role, one of very few in the Accelerated World.
And Mode II, which used up her entire gauge, was even more
impressive. This technique rewound the condition of the target
avatar, in increments of status changes. Status changes mainly referred to equipping and removing Enhanced Armament, losing
parts, and—in the case of transforming avatars—transformations.
Equipping Enhanced Armament left an avatar open to attack during the process, and a lot of equipment could be summoned only
once in a duel, so if it was forcibly removed during battle with this
technique, all the opponent could do was retreat.
However, the preposterousness of this Mode II was the fact
that even the obtainment of Enhanced Armament was canceled.
Status couldn’t be rewound infinitely—at present, Chiyuri was up
to four steps back—so the phenomenon was essentially limited to
immediately after the item was obtained, but when the timing
was just right like this, Mode II canceled even a direct handover
of Enhanced Armament, while Armament bought with hardearned points popped back up in the storefront because of this
enforced cooling-off period. Although, naturally, in that case, the
points spent would also be returned.

With all this information popping into his head, Haruyuki
counted the status changes that Takumu had been through.
His innate Enhanced Armament Pile Driver was always
equipped, so there was no need to count that. And the transformation of the Pile Driver into Cyan Blade was Incarnate and
therefore outside the system, so he didn’t include that, either.
Which meant that Takumu shouting the command to activate
IS mode and equipping the ISS kit in the fight before was one
step. And he would have done the same thing in the battle with
the PK group Supernova Remnant, so that was two. Before that,
he had the bout the previous night with Magenta Scissor in the
Setagaya area and accepted the ISS kit in that fight in a sealed
state. That made three steps. The maximum Citron Call Mode II
could rewind was four, so they could still make it.
“Taku,” Haruyuki called to his friend quietly, knowing that
Takumu had also traced out the same line of thinking as he just
had.
His friend turned to look at him, a faint light of hope in his
eyes. But then he quickly lowered his gaze and slowly shook his
head. “No…It’s true I’ve had fewer than four status changes, but
it’s probably impossible to remove that thing with Citron Call.”
“Wh-why, Taku?! We’ll smash that thing to pieces and send it
back to Magenta Scissor, COD!”
Takumu smiled slightly at Chiyuri’s threatening declaration.
But he soon shook his head once more and spoke calmly, as
though admonishing her. “Chii. That thing…part of that thing, or
maybe the main part of it, is already in not just my Neurolinker,
but in my head. The only thing that could possibly allow that to
happen is the Incarnate System. Remember? When you tried to
bring back Raker’s legs with Citron Call?”
Both Takumu and Chiyuri lightly bit their bottom lips.

“Raker’s ‘part loss’ was still within four status changes,”
Takumu continued, “but her legs didn’t come back. Because she
had been rejecting her own legs through an unconscious Incarnate. I’m pretty sure the ISS kit will always refuse to be removed
through its own Incarnate.”
“Then! Then me, too!” Chiyuri shouted, looking at both
Haruyuki and Takumu. “I’ll train in the Incarnate System, too!
However many years it takes in the Unlimited Neutral Field, I
will get the power to at least remove the ISS kit from Taku!”
“You can’t, Chii!” Takumu shouted instantly.
“Why not?!” Chiyuri shouted back without a moment’s hesitation. “Kuroyukihime and Big Sister said the time would come
when I’d find my own Incarnate and nurture it! So why can’t that
be now?!”
Takumu started to open his mouth to keep fighting, but cut
himself off.
Having a pretty good idea of what Takumu had been about to
say and why he’d stopped himself, Haruyuki leaned forward and
placed a gentle hand on Chiyuri’s slender left arm.
“Chiyu.” He stared into the large catlike eyes she turned on
him and spoke slowly. “Chiyu, your Citron Call is an incredible
technique. In a certain sense, it may be the strongest power in
Nega Nebulus. But, like, it’s definitely…the power of longing for
the past. I don’t know if you noticed this, but the sound of the
bells you can hear when you activate the technique…it’s exactly
the same as the sound of the after-school bell at the elementary
school we went to.”
She had probably noticed this, too. Her eyes opened wide, and
she quickly lowered her face.
As she sank into silence, Haruyuki kept talking. “Of course, my

Incarnate attack and Taku’s are both strongly tied to our past
memories. But Taku’s at least is the materialization of his will to
cut away from the past and move forward. Which is why I—and
I’m sure Taku’s the same—want you to look to the future when
you train in the Incarnate System. I don’t know what kind of
power it’ll end up being, but…I just think it’d be pretty great if it
was a power that came totally from you stretching out your hands
toward the future.”
For a while, no one moved a muscle, much less opened their
mouths. Only the slender hands of the wall clock moved along
smoothly, marking their approach to ten o’clock. The built-in air
conditioner hummed softly on dehumidifier mode, while on the
other side of the noise-reduction windows, the faint sound of EV
tires coming and going on the nighttime Kannana reached them.
Finally, Chiyuri slumped back with a heavy sigh and smiled
gently, eyes still wet. “I guess so,” she whispered, nodded once,
and then moved her lips again. “I guess. I mean, a technique set
by the system’s one thing. But a technique I find and cultivate in
my own heart…something that comes from a hand stretched out
toward hope is better, right? Like yours, Taku. And like yours,
Haru.”
“Oh no, my Incarnate attack’s not a big deal like that.”
“Nuh-uh. I love Laser Sword just as much as Cyan Blade.”
Smiling broadly, Chiyuri continued in her usual cheerful voice,
“Oh, I got it! Maybe I’ll do some kind of sword so we can all
match! A really great one that could knock you both flying!”
“Uh…” The two boys met each other’s eyes again. The truth
was, they didn’t know the depths of Lime Bell’s potential yet. It
wasn’t impossible for her to awaken an Incarnate technique that
would easily surpass either of theirs.
“G-go easy on us,” Haruyuki said, and now it was time for
Chiyuri and Takumu to exchange looks before bursting out in

laughter together.

Of course they had school the next day, and the mission to get out
of the Castle was waiting for them after that, so they decided it
was about time they went to sleep. They lay down on the three
springy mattresses laid out on the floor in order of Haruyuki,
Takumu, and Chiyuri, from east to west. Ever since they were little, whenever they napped together at any of their houses, Chiyuri
was always in the middle, but the star tonight was Takumu.
If interference from the ISS kit while Takumu was asleep was
that much of a concern, then they would all stay up all night.
They had examined this possibility, but Takumu had rejected it
immediately, since it would affect the Castle escape mission the
next day. The kit was an urgent problem, but Haruyuki’s other
self, his duel avatar Silver Crow, was sealed away in the Unlimited Neutral Field. If he didn’t somehow manage to escape with
Ardor Maiden, who held the power of purification, and get her to
purify him of the Armor of Catastrophe before the meeting of the
Seven Kings on Sunday, he would end up with the biggest bounty
in the Accelerated World slapped on his head.
“It’s okay. If you guys are right here next to me, I’ll be able to
relax, and sleep until morning,” Takumu said, head resting on his
pillow.
“Hey, if you do feel like you’re going to have scary dreams or
something, say so,” Haruyuki replied. “I’ll hit you and wake you
up.”
“I appreciate that, but if I’m sleeping, how am I supposed to
tell you?”
“Uh, umm…sleep-talk?”
Haruyuki felt his eyelids growing heavier and heavier as they
chatted, until Chiyuri, on the other side of Takumu, snapped her

fingers.
“I got it! So, like, if you can’t avoid the interference if you take
off your Neurolinker, how about we go to sleep directing with one
another?”
“Huh?!” Haruyuki blinked hard.
Chiyuri popped her head up before continuing. “If we’re directing, then we’ll be able to talk in neurospeak even when we’re
sleeping, right? If something’s weird with Taku, we might be able
to notice it.”
“Ohh…right, I didn’t think of that.” Takumu sounded impressed, and after a momentary exchange of looks, the threesome
agreed to give it a try.
They got up and put on their Neurolinkers, which were in the
middle of wireless charging on the coffee table. After pulling out
two XSB cables, they lay down again, this time with Haruyuki in
the middle because Haruyuki’s Neurolinker was the only one
equipped with two direct terminals.
Direct connection with Chiyuri on the left terminal and
Takumu on the right. The second wired connection warning disappeared, leaving only the small CONNECTED icon in his field of
view.
Pulling the blankets up to his neck, Haruyuki felt a mysterious
sensation.
A direct connection, no matter who it was with, always
brought with it varying degrees of nervousness. The feeling of defenselessness, at deliberately removing the protective walls of his
Neurolinker, and of immorality, from physically connecting consciousness itself—it always made his heart pound.
But at that moment, Haruyuki simply felt nothing more than a

quiet peace. The sensation that he and his childhood friends, the
people he had spent more time with than anyone else, were protecting and being protected by one another. It was almost as if,
through the two cables, their sense of security was pouring into
him and filling his own heart.
At some point, he had closed his eyes. The AI of his home
server detected that its owner had gone to sleep and automatically dimmed the panel lights. From the other side of the gentle
darkness that visited him came two voices.
Night.
Good night.
Unable to tell whether their voices were real or neurospeak,
Haruyuki also mumbled, “Night…”

4
……Haru.
…Hey, wake up, Haru.

Haruyuki slowly lifted his eyelids, prodded by the sense that
someone was calling him. The world around him was a dense
charcoal color. Beyond it, a hazy human figure.
“…It’s still dark out…Let me sleep a little longer,” he mumbled,
and started to go back to sleep.
But then someone was shaking his shoulders. “Wake up,
Haru.”
The voice contained an urgency of a sort, and this poked at his
cotton-ball consciousness. He reluctantly opened his eyes once
more. It was indeed still dark. Given the season, it was probably
still barely four o’clock.
“…What’s wrong, Chiyu…?” he asked hoarsely, blinking hard
and then forcing his eyes open again.
It was indeed Chiyuri before him, hand on his right shoulder
as he lay there. Slender silhouette sitting firm, short hair with a
large pointed hat on top, entire body encased in a semitransparent light-green armor. On her left hand, a large bell–shaped Enhanced Armament…
“—Huh?!”

His brain finally more than half-awake, Haruyuki sprang up
out of bed. His own body immediately screeched and clanged.
Rather than striped, short-sleeved pajamas, he saw shining, mirrored silver armor. Hurriedly, he looked at his hands and touched
his face. He didn’t need to feel the smooth mask beneath his fingertips to know that this was his duel avatar, Silver Crow. And the
yellow-green avatar before him was Chiyuri’s Lime Bell.
Why? Did I challenge Chiyuri in my sleep or something?
That being his first thought, he turned his gaze upward to
check the health gauges and countdown timer that should have
been in the upper part of his field of view. But there was nothing.
No green bar, no numbers ticking down from 1,800 seconds, no
other display of any kind.
But that wasn’t possible. If they were duel avatars—if they
were in a full dive in a duel stage—he would definitely be able to
see his own health gauge at least, Normal Duel Field or Unlimited
Neutral Field; you couldn’t get rid of that in the settings.
In which case, this was a dream.
Still sitting with his legs splayed out before him, Haruyuki
tried to pinch his own cheek with his right hand. But his hard helmet got in the way, and he couldn’t touch it. His brain still halfasleep, he started to stretch out a hand to the avatar sitting immediately to his left, thinking to use Chiyuri’s cheek instead—only
to remember that the face masks of all duel avatars were hard. So
what else could he pinch? Now that he was thinking about it,
what were the breasts of the female-shaped avatars like anyway?
Random thoughts drifting through his brain, Haruyuki
brought an index finger toward the round swelling peeking out
from beneath Lime Bell’s cloak armor.
Squoosh was the sensation that traveled back to him through
his fingertip. A half second later:

“Wh-what are you doing?!” Simultaneous with the shriek was
a loud clang and an enormous impact to the top of his head. Lime
Bell had slammed the Enhanced Armament of her left hand,
Choir Chime, into Silver Crow as hard as she could.
“Hnngh!” Tiny yellow chicks flapped around his head for a
while before Haruyuki finally fully woke up and lifted his face
with a gasp.
Taking a quick look around, he saw that they were no longer in
the living room of the Arita house but rather a dim, tube-shaped
space. To the right was an immediate dead end, but the narrow
tunnel to the left looked like it continued twisting along.
This was not a dream. But it wasn’t a normal duel, either.
Through some irregular phenomenon, he and Chiyuri had dived
into some unknown space while they were asleep.
Just the two of them?
“Wh-where’s Taku?!” Haruyuki checked his surroundings
again, but Cyan Pile’s bulk was nowhere to be found. He turned
his eyes back to Chiyuri, and her fresh green avatar glared at him,
hands hiding her chest, as her face resumed its worried expression.
“Dunno.” She shook her large pointed hat lightly. “I just woke
up a minute ago. And when I opened my eyes, I was my duel
avatar, and you were sleeping beside me, and Taku was gone.”
“He was?” Haruyuki thought for a minute below his helmet.
They had both been transformed into their duel avatars, but
given that there was no timer nor any health or special-attack
gauges, they were clearly not in a Normal Duel Field. Unconsciously, he tried to deploy the wings on his back, but they didn’t
even twitch, despite his normally being able to at least open them
when his gauge was zero. Apparently, their abilities had been de-

activated.
So then he could think of only one thing. This strange phenomenon was probably—no, definitely caused by the ISS kit parasitizing Takumu. And Haruyuki and Chiyuri, asleep while directing with him, had been pulled in through the XSB cable. In other
words, in a certain sense, the two of them were currently inside
Takumu’s dream.
In which case, Takumu had to exist around here somewhere.
The fact that they couldn’t see him was no doubt because he had
moved…into that dark tunnel that extended who knew how far to
their right.
“Let’s go, Chiyu. We have to find Taku.”
“Right,” Chiyuri assented immediately, apparently reaching
the same conclusion at essentially the same time as he did.
Haruyuki jumped vertically up from his seated position, an
impossible move with his real body, and offered Chiyuri his hand
to pull her to her feet.
Rather than letting go after she stood, Lime Bell squeezed his
hand. He squeezed back lightly, testing one of the tunnel’s walls
with his free hand. The light-gray material wasn’t earth or cement; it was soft, with a strange elasticity. The faint warmth and
the thin rings of the walls were almost like the insides of a living
creature—or maybe exactly like.
The pair looked at each other and nodded before starting off
briskly down into the tunnel, hand in hand.

Before he knew it, he had lost all sense of time and distance.
To begin with, it wasn’t entirely clear if they were currently accelerated or not. If they were unaccelerated, then the alarm in his

home server, set for seven in the morning, would wake them up
at some point. But if they were accelerated, time had basically
stopped for them. They might be able to use the “burst out” command to escape from this strange place, but they were uneasy
leaving Takumu. If they were accelerated, then in the few seconds
it would take to rouse him in the real world, an immense amount
of time would pass here.
Most likely, Takumu had had this dream the night before as
well. And in it, something had interfered with his mind and
poured something black into it. So right then in that moment, the
same thing might be happening. And maybe what Takumu had finally begun to get back through the direct duel with Haruyuki
was being stolen from him once more.
A sense of urgency quickened his pace, and before he knew it,
Haruyuki was running and pulling Chiyuri along behind him.
Probably feeling the same way, Chiyuri didn’t protest but intently
followed the speed-type Silver Crow. The two avatars ran and ran
and ran in the dark tunnel that twisted and turned before them.
If only they could use the wings on his back to fly, but for
whatever reason, he apparently couldn’t use his flight ability in
this place. No matter how he turned his attention to the folded-up
metal fins, they didn’t move.
When it felt to him like they had gone more than five kilometers, he finally made out a faint light ahead of them.
“An exit?” Chiyuri wondered.
He nodded in reply and quickened his pace further, dashing
the last few dozen meters. When they at last broke out of the tunnel, a completely unexpected scene abruptly appeared before
them.
Outer space.

Although, technically, it was not quite outer space. But the
inky, dark expanse seemed to spread out infinitely, adorned with
countless points of light. As they stood there dumbfounded, a
group of lights clustered together far above their heads, glittering
beautifully like a spherical galaxy. Unlike the starry sky, however,
these lights were in constant, trembling motion. One mobile light
would collide with a stationary one, and then that light would
begin to move and hit the next. This chain reaction continued
endlessly across the galaxy. Like an enormous three-dimensional
game of billiards—or a kind of network.
He couldn’t get a sense of the distances involved, so he had no
real idea of the size of the shuddering galaxy. But Haruyuki intuitively knew that if he could get right up alongside them, this
group of lights would spread out on a galactic scale.
While Haruyuki and Chiyuri took in the scene, the tunnel they
had come out of continued to exist, a hole in space itself. A narrow bridge about two meters wide stretched out from the tunnel
and continued off in a downward direction through the inky black
space. They were standing at the foot of this bridge.
Haruyuki turned his gaze back to the group of resplendent
stars and stood motionless, still holding Chiyuri’s right hand in
his left, when he heard a faint whisper to his left.
“…Wow…”
Haruyuki nodded at this and murmured hoarsely, “What…is
it…?”
“Main Visualizer,” someone responded quickly from his right
side.
“Huh?!”
“Who—”

Crying out in surprise at the same time as Chiyuri, Haruyuki
turned to his right. Standing gracefully near the edge of the narrow path was a slender silhouette that definitely hadn’t been
there before.
It wasn’t Takumu—Cyan Pile. And of course, it wasn’t any of
the other Legion members. It was a female-type duel avatar with
an all-over flower-petal motif. Her armor color was a warm
golden yellow, reminiscent of the sun in spring.
The instant he saw her, Haruyuki dropped his guard and whispered to Chiyuri, “It’s okay, Chiyu. She’s not an enemy.”
“Huh? You know her? So then how is she here? Isn’t this
Taku’s dream?”
“Umm.” Haruyuki had a hard time finding an answer to give
her. But still, he struggled to put everything he knew into an easyto-understand form. “She’s not inside Taku—she’s in me. Or,
more accurately, inside the Enhanced Armament Destiny that I
have. That’s…right, isn’t it?” He had already given Chiyu a rough
overview that evening of the Destiny Arc he’d summoned.
“I think so.” The golden avatar cocked her head slightly. “Although you could also say that’s not quite it. It’s true that I exist
inside the Destiny, but the Destiny itself is inscribed in this
world.”
“Huh? What does that…And what you said before, ‘Main…Visualizer’?”
Questions led to questions, and the mysterious girl came back
with an even more surprising answer.
“In your words, it’s the Brain Burst central server.”
Shocked to his core, Haruyuki froze in place alongside Chiyuri.
The Brain Burst central server was the so-called true form of

the Accelerated World, located in some unknown place. The central server recorded all the data in Brain Burst, including the statuses of every single Burst Linker; calculated every single change;
and moved all the Enemies—the very heart of the world.
And this central server—which rebuffed any and all unlawful
interference, a place players weren’t even permitted to imagine
the existence of—was before his eyes at this very moment. Or
rather, the golden avatar was saying that the three of them were
actually inside it.
“B-but how can that—? I mean, the BB server’s completely impenetrable. Even the oldest veterans say so,” he murmured in a
trembling voice, and the girl smiled faintly. Or so he felt.
“That is true. But we were given just one way to allow us to
touch the truth of this world. You should already know what that
is.”
“Touch…the truth of this world?” Haruyuki parroted back, before opening his eyes wide with a gasp. “The Incarnate System?
‘The power of the image’…Overwriting phenomenon using imagination circuits.”
“Exactly.” The girl nodded. “A very strong and sad power.”
And this sparked a memory: This was not the first time he’d
encountered the golden-yellow avatar. That had been earlier that
day—actually, it was probably the day before by now—at the end
of the direct duel he’d had with Takumu in his room. After being
knocked flying by Takumu’s Dark Blow, he had lost the power to
even get up again when she had appeared from inside him. At the
time, she had indeed said, “The central system circuits were temporarily activated, and I’m able to talk to you like this.”

That central system was, in other words, the BB server, what she
called the Main Visualizer. And the circuits were imagination circuits. The foundation of the Incarnate System, the path by which
the power of an image was transmitted into the logic of the world.
“But…we’re not using the Incarnate System?” Having stood
slightly behind Haruyuki up to that point, Chiyuri took a step forward as she spoke. “I don’t even really get what Incarnate is yet.
And to begin with, we’re sleeping, both of us.”
Haruyuki looked at both avatars again and noted that, although the colors of the armor of Lime Bell and the mysterious
golden-yellow avatar were totally different, the lines of their bodies were alike. Not just in the common factor of external leaf and
flower-petal motifs; it was something deeper and more essential.
Turning her gaze toward Chiyuri, the girl slowly nodded and
pointed at the long, dark tunnel they had come through. “That
tunnel is itself an imagination circuit. You followed the circuit of
the mind of your friend you are connected with and came to this
place.”
“Huh? T-Taku?!”
“So then…Taku’s activating the Incarnate System right now?”
They both spoke at the same time, and the girl gently shook
her head.
“This image doesn’t belong to him. The black power that’s
slipped inside him made that tunnel. There.”
The girl raised her right hand to indicate the circuit that
stretched out from the tunnel and disappeared into the black expanse. The floating bridge, twisting and turning along its length,
appeared to be heading down to the deepest depths of the space,
as if trying to escape the enormous glittering galaxy shining in the

sky above.
Haruyuki stared intently and, far ahead in the unobstructed
darkness, he could just barely see an avatar trudging forward, one
step after another, large body pitched forward, head hanging low.
He didn’t need to see the heavy blue armor or the Enhanced Armament on the right arm to know exactly who it was.
“T-Taku!!”
“Taku!!”
The two friends half screamed his name in unison, ready to
start running. But a golden-yellow arm swept down in front of
them to block their way.
“No. If you approach carelessly, you’ll attract its attention.”
“I-it?”
Barely holding back his impatience, Haruyuki instinctively focused his gaze on what lay ahead of Takumu. In a few seconds, almost as though his eyes had gotten used to the dark, something
rose hazily into view.
Enormous was really the only word to describe it. If he had to
say further, maybe a lump of black biological tissue. The amorphous, squirming flesh was enclosed in a web of countless blood
vessels, pulsing. Babump. Babump. The blood vessels stretched
out, branching into the surrounding space, the slender tips wriggling like tentacles.
The black lump of flesh, convulsing in a fixed rhythm, somehow resembled the galaxy of light in the sky above. However, the
impression was the polar opposite. Chaos versus order. Dark versus light.
“Wh-what is that…Why is something like that in the central

server?” Chiyuri asked, voice trembling.
“That…is not something the system created,” the girl replied,
voice also hushed. “It’s something a BB player sowed the seeds
for and slowly, carefully cultivated over many long years. The socalled contamination.”
“Spread the seeds…and cultivated…,” Haruyuki whispered,
and a shudder ran through his body. He groaned in a voice that
was barely audible. “I-it can’t be…the Armor of Catastrophe? Is
that the true form of the armor?”
“No, that’s not it. The armor is one of the Seven Arcs, a part of
the system. Destiny is over there. Look.”
The golden arm pointed somewhere near the center of the
galaxy glittering in the sky far above. Following it, he saw a group
of stars noticeably larger and shinier than the surrounding points
of light, all lined up in the shape of a dipper. As if falling into resonance with them, Haruyuki’s eyes were pulled to the sixth star
from the left.
Unlike the five that came before it, this star alone appeared to
be following a small, dark companion star. If, as the girl had said,
the sixth star was the true form of the Destiny, then the dark
companion star next to it was the will for destruction that lived in
the armor.
Haruyuki felt a strange sadness in the odd pair of stars, and he
shifted his gaze to the right. The seventh star—the final Arc, Chinese name Youkou, aka the Fluctuating Light—should have been
there. And indeed, he could see a massive golden point of light
flickering—it looked to Haruyuki like the center of the galaxy itself.
What did that mean, then? Whatever enormous power it
might hold, the Arc was supposedly, in the end, Enhanced Armament, a simple item to equip. Was this what existed at the center

of the Brain Burst program itself?
Haruyuki soon threw off this momentary question. Now was
not the time for considering the structure of the Accelerated
World. In a few more minutes, Cyan Pile, head hanging, would
walk right into that black lump of flesh. He knew that the amorphous lump was not the Armor of Catastrophe. In which case,
what—
“Oh! H-Haru, look! It’s not just Taku!” Chiyuri shouted
abruptly, pointing a little to Cyan Pile’s left.
Obediently, he stared hard, and could indeed make out a slender floating bridge just like the one they were standing on, complete with another avatar walking along on it.
A small duel avatar, and a form he had seen before. Sturdy
arms hung down, almost dragging on the bridge, while the large
upper body was pitched forward. The armor was grass green.
“B-Bush Utan!”
There was no mistake. That was Bush Utan, member of the
Green Legion, little brother to Ash Roller. Only a few days earlier,
he had fought Haruyuki in the Suginami area and flung around
the terrifying dark Incarnate attack like he was an old hand at it.
Seemingly paying no notice to Haruyuki’s shout, Utan was also
trudging toward the black lump.
And he wasn’t the end of it. Beyond him. And above, below.
Countless floating bridges, hidden in the deep darkness until that
point, popped up in Haruyuki’s field of view.
On every one of them, without exception, there was a single
duel avatar, all moving forward lifelessly. At a rough count, there
were maybe thirty—no, fifty bridges reaching out concentrically
from the lump of flesh.

And then Haruyuki finally understood what the black organism was.
The true form of the mysterious Enhanced Armament, the ISS
kit. Hadn’t Takumu said so himself? That all the ISS kits were
mutually linked? That when one kit got stronger, the surrounding
kits also got stronger? The sight before them was precisely that
“link.” Every night when they went to bed, they were lured into
this world through the Brain Burst imagination circuit and connected to one another through the lump of flesh that was the kits’
true form.
Several of the duel avatars had actually already reached the
lump of flesh and were kneeling before it. Black blood vessels
reached out from the lump to crawl over their bodies and appeared to be exchanging some kind of fluid, or information, pulsing all the while.
“No…no…” Chiyuri knew less about the kits than Haruyuki
did, but perhaps intuitively guessing at what the scene before
them meant, she murmured hoarsely, “It’s awful. It’s sucking
something important out of them all…and pouring in something
bad instead.”
“Yeah. It is. That…that lump is making Taku feel lost. He was
finally starting to get himself back after fighting me, but now, like
this, he’ll…”
Haruyuki groaned quietly before turning back to the goldenyellow avatar standing to his right. “How can we stop this?!” he
shouted. “That’s our friend down there! And everyone, all of them
out there, is playing the same game—playing Brain Burst with us!
If we…If we destroy that black lump, we can stop them. Right?!
We can, right?!”
And then without waiting for an answer, Haruyuki took a step
to run after Takumu, and once again, the girl swiftly raised an
arm to hold him back.

It wasn’t hitting her arm that made Haruyuki stop. It was the
fact that he slipped right through it. Silver Crow passed soundlessly through the girl’s right arm as though it were a video with
no physical substance. Surprise brought Haruyuki’s feet to a stop.
Stunned, he turned around to look at her. He’d been holding
Lime Bell’s hand the whole time, so it couldn’t be that there was a
rule against touching in this world.
The girl smiled a little sadly. “I told you, didn’t I? I’m…a memory. A souvenir of a BB player who disappeared from this world
many long days ago. The echoes of a consciousness.”
“M-memory? But you’re here talking with us like this,” Chiyuri
murmured.
The girl nodded slightly. “All data is saved here in the Main Visualizer in the same form as the person’s memory. So an object
with a strong will…with a prayer or a wish carved into it, has a
kind of pseudo thinking. And that’s me.”
“Strong…wish…” A memory flickered to life in one corner of
Haruyuki’s brain.
When they first met in the middle of the battle with Takumu,
the girl had said she was waiting for the person who could remove
the curse of the armor, the person who could heal his fury and
sadness. Him. Haruyuki didn’t know who that person was. But
that wish had kept her alive in the Accelerated World all this
time.
“In this place, only the will has any actual power.” The girl
nodded, as if reading Haruyuki’s thoughts. “That black lump is a
solidified mass of enormous malice. If you get any closer, you’ll
both be pulled into it, too.”
“B-but, I mean, Taku’s—!” Frustrated, he looked at the end of
the floating bridge again. There were only a few dozen meters
now between Cyan Pile walking with his face turned to the

ground and the main body of the ISS kit. In less than a minute,
Takumu would be caught by the black blood vessels and have
something precious stolen from him once more.
And then—
“You have the power,” the girl said curtly.
“P-power?”
“Exactly. The power to reach a hand out far into the distance.”
Reflexively, Haruyuki looked at his own right hand, wrapped
in silver armor. Five slender, tapered fingers. A hand that was
afraid of touching anything, afraid of connecting with anyone, a
hand that had stayed hidden in his pocket for a long time. Then
he looked at his left hand. But that hand was holding on tightly to
Lime Bell—Chiyuri’s hand—without any fear.
Before he became a Burst Linker, he could never have done
anything like this, even as avatars in the middle of a full dive. But
ever since that day eight months earlier, so many people had
reached out a hand to him; they’d encouraged him and shared
their courage with him.
I’m not the me I was back then, staring at the ground when I
walked. I don’t have these hands just so they can break into a
cold sweat and then get hidden behind me. They’re here to hold
the hands offered to me—no, for me to hold someone else’s hand.
“You can do it.” As if in perfect harmony with Haruyuki’s
thoughts, Chiyuri raised his left hand and squeezed it tightly.
“You of all people can do it, Haru. Your hand—your feelings can
reach Taku.”
“Yeah,” Haruyuki said, nodding and squeezing hard in return.
“I’m going to reach him. As if I’m going to let that mass of meat
take Taku!”

The golden-yellow avatar said that the only power in this
world was the will. In other words, that meant he could use only
the Incarnate System. Put another way, normal techniques had
no power at all. That was the reason Silver Crow couldn’t fly in
this world.
Haruyuki’s sole Incarnate technique was a basic range-expansion technique. That said, the most distance he’d added to his
bare hand was barely two meters. In contrast, there were roughly
fifty meters from him to Takumu and the black mass of flesh just
ahead of his walk.
However, in this world, apparent distances probably meant
nothing. If you fired, thinking you’d never make the shot, then
even the largest missile wouldn’t reach your target. And if you
made your shot believing you’d get a hit—even Haruyuki’s underdeveloped Incarnate would definitely get there.
Still holding Chiyuri’s hand, Haruyuki crouched down and
spread out his legs in a runner’s stance. He brought the fingers of
his right hand to a point.
“You get one chance, one moment,” the girl whispered, immediately to his right. “But I know you can do it. Believe. In the
power that connects you, your heart with so many people.”
And then the girl—her avatar—faded abruptly, and her figure
was overlaid onto his, almost as if she were melting into him. And
then she disappeared completely.
Haruyuki still had so many things he wanted to ask her. But
they’d have the chance to meet again. Right now, he had to focus
on getting Takumu back.
He intuitively understood what she meant when she said he’d
get one chance at this. That mass of flesh would expose some
fragile part in order to connect with Takumu. He had to aim for
that. As he focused his awareness into his right hand, a dazzling

silver light was born in his fingertips and soon covered his arm up
to his elbow.
Perhaps in reaction to this light, the mass of flesh in the distance began waving the blood vessels that reached out from all
over its body. The tips moved exactly like tentacles, seeming to
search the area. Just as the girl had said, if he had gone any
closer, those tentacles would have noticed him and tried to pull
him in. Like the kit when it split at the end of the battle with
Takumu.
Vweeeen. The high-pitched hum of vibration echoed. The silver light of his right hand extended several dozen centimeters
into a sharp sword shape. As he started to chamber his spear
hand at his hip in the usual Laser Sword build-up motion,
Haruyuki and his arm both froze.
He suddenly knew he’d never reach with the same technique,
the same Incarnate as the one he’d used up to now. He’d already
put his Incarnate up against the aura generated by the ISS kit in
the duel the previous evening. To penetrate that terrifyingly concentrated darkness, he would need a much, much stronger image.
As if guided, he raised his right hand to shoulder level. He
twisted his body, his arm, to pull back as far as he could. The
movement his teacher and parent, Kuroyukihime—Black Lotus—
had shown him any number of times with her miraculous longdistance attack, Vorpal Strike. That Incarnate attack was most
likely the ultimate range/power expansion technique. He
wouldn’t be able to simply up and use the same technique, but he
should definitely be able to overlay the image of it at least. He had
to.
Because of the unfamiliar preparatory motion, the image flickered, and the overlay lodged in his right arm blinked irregularly.
“Haru.” A whisper. His left hand was clenched even more
tightly. “I can’t use Incarnate, but I feel the same as you. I want to

get Taku back. And not for the past we had, but so the three of us
can start walking toward the future. Even if…even if someday, the
road ahead of us splits.” Her voice was trembling, shaking
slightly, but Chiyuri’s words were a firm declaration.
Abruptly, Lime Bell’s body was covered in a faint light-green
shine. The vivid light flowed into Haruyuki through their joined
hands and steadied the overlay of his right hand, and more—
made it stronger.
“This is the power of Incarnate, Chiyu,” Haruyuki replied in a
voice that was nearly inaudible. “Pray. Pray that my hand reaches
Taku.”
“I am.”
Vweeeeeen. The sound of resonance, like the lingering ringing
of a bell, increased in volume again. The black lump flailed its
herd of tentacles in what appeared to be annoyance. But it
couldn’t quite find Haruyuki and Chiyuri.
At that moment, Cyan Pile finally reached the lump of flesh
and stopped. He dropped to his knees like the string holding him
up had been cut, his head hanging deeply. On the surface of the
Pile Driver of Takumu’s right arm, a small black sphere popped
up. Opening an eye the color of wet blood, it flicked back and
forth from side to side to check its surroundings before the entire
sphere plucked itself off, up into the air.
A mass of thin blood vessels still connected to Takumu’s arm,
the black sphere slowly extended snail-like feelers upward. At the
same time, a bundle of thick blood vessels reached out from the
black lump of flesh to meet the feelers.
Just as they were about to touch—
Having pulled back his right arm as far as it would go above
his shoulder, Haruyuki thrust it forward as hard as he could. At

the same time, he shouted the words that rose up in his mind.
“Laser…Lance!!”
With a fierce metallic sound, a thin, concentrated lance of light
shot forward from his right hand, growing longer and longer as it
did, piercing the darkness lurking around the main body of the
ISS kit. Twenty meters, thirty, and still it showed no signs of
weakening.
However, at this point, Haruyuki felt a heavy resistance in his
arm. That feeling. The icy incandescence from when he was first
hit with Bush Utan’s Dark Blow.
Reach!
Reach him!
Haruyuki’s and Chiyuri’s simultaneous but soundless shouts
rang out. The overlay blanketing their avatars shone dazzlingly
bright, melted into each other, and flowed into the lance of light
to blow off the thick film of darkness.
Takumu’s ISS kit, about to make contact with the group of
blood vessels stretching out from the main body, looked back in a
motion that was very much that of a living creature and stared at
the lance. The black eyelids opened as far as they could go. The
kit immediately tried to return to the site it was parasitizing on
Cyan Pile’s arm, but a fraction of a second before it could, the tip
of the Incarnate lance plunged deep into the pupil of the crimson
eye.
Pshkt! With a terrifying sound, the eye burst, black liquid
spraying everywhere. Instantly, Haruyuki felt the enormous lump
of flesh—the main body of the kit—emitting violent waves of rage.
The countless tentacles that stretched out from the lump, so
reminiscent of a brain somehow, whirled about searching for the

intruder. Directly below it, Cyan Pile jerked his head up.
“T-Taku! Over here!!” Haruyuki roared, as loudly as he humanly could.
Takumu looked back to see Haruyuki and Chiyuri. Beyond the
slits carved into his face mask, his pale-blue eyes opened wide; he
was apparently wide-awake now.
“Taku! Run!!” Chiyuri shrieked.
Takumu stood up his large avatar and moved toward the two
of them. He had run a few steps on the narrow, floating bridge
before he stopped suddenly, perhaps having thought of something, and whirled back around toward the lump of flesh.

The main body of the kit twisted the bulk of its appendages into a
single massive tentacle and tried to grab hold of Cyan Pile once
more. If it swallowed him up again, Takumu would probably be
parasitized with a new kit.
“Taku, run…” Halfway through, Haruyuki swallowed the
words he was shouting.
And that was because Takumu suddenly grabbed hold of the
Pile Driver’s tip with his free hand. That was—that movement,
the Incarnate technique Takumu had mastered, the attack power
expansion…
“Cyan Blade!!”
His voice triumphantly called out the attack name. His Enhanced Armament pulled apart, and a blue overlay enveloped the
now-freestanding spike. By the time he shifted smoothly to firmly
hold the blade in both hands, the Armament had already transformed into a large, two-handed sword.
Without flinching at the mass of tentacles rushing toward him,
Takumu brandished the shining blue sword above his head.
“Cheeeeeaaaaah!!”
A powerful battle cry. The space itself rippled and shook, and
leftover waves of incredible power made it to the two friends
frozen in place.
The double-handed sword swung down directly before Cyan
Pile, a beam like lightning jetting out of it. The herd of tentacles
was cut in half, and the sword dug deeply into the flesh of the
main kit body.
A soundless shriek. The entire lump of flesh shuddered violently over and over, and the several dozen Burst Linkers connected to it by those blood vessels also shuddered and shook.

Some woke up and stared absently at their surroundings. Blue
light radiated outward from around the two-handed sword buried
in the mass, and fine fissures raced outward.
Then the kit’s main body, ten meters in diameter, exploded
from the inside, and massive amounts of black fluid and vapor
gushed out in all directions. The circuit on which Takumu,
Haruyuki, and Chiyuri stood began to crumble and fall from
where it was attached. Losing their support, the avatars were released helplessly into the bottomless expanse of outer space.
Or so it seemed, until the next instant—

5
“Aaah! W-we’re gonna fall!” Haruyuki shouted, bolting upright
into a sitting position. As he did, something tugged on both sides
of his neck. “Huh? What?”
His heart pounding at top speed, he looked around several
times. The off-white wallpaper. The extremely thin flat-screen
TV. The large dining table and the kitchen counter beyond it. It
was the familiar living/dining room combination of his own
house. He was sleeping there on a mattress spread out on the
floor.
The home server detected him sitting up and turned on the
light panel on the ceiling to shed a dim illumination. Looking
down in the weak gray light to see what was pulling at his neck,
he found two XSB cables stretching out from his still-equipped
Neurolinker. With his eyes, he followed the cable on the left to
land on the face of his childhood friend Chiyuri Kurashima,
sleeping a mere fifty centimeters away, blankets tossed off, stomach peeking out from the bottom of her pajama top.
No way. It was all a dream?
Turning into a duel avatar in a mysterious place, passing
through the long tunnel, seeing the galaxy of light, meeting that
golden-yellow girl there again…all of it, just a dream?
Just as Haruyuki was seized by doubt, Chiyuri’s eyelids flew
open with an audible snap. She met his eyes for a mere second
before shouting hoarsely, “Haru! What about Taku?! Did he make
it out okay?!”

Her words showed that she and Haruyuki had shared the same
experience.
Right, it couldn’t have been just a dream. Everything they had
seen and heard in the world, everything that had happened was
all real. They had passed through an imagination circuit into the
central server of Brain Burst, discovered a strange lump of black
flesh—the main body of the ISS kit—and Haruyuki had “awakened” Takumu with an Incarnate technique just as the lump was
trying to connect with his friend. And then…
“Taku!” Crying out, Haruyuki twisted his body toward the
mattress laid out to his right.
In the gloom, Takumu Mayuzumi was, in contrast with
Chiyuri, in a proper sleeping position facing directly upward, eyes
closed.
“Taku!” Chiyuri cried out weakly, and jumped over Haruyuki’s
legs to stand on her knees immediately beside Takumu. Her hand
reached out to touch his shoulder, and the young man’s eyes
popped open.
Hearts in their throats, Chiyuri and Haruyuki watched as his
brown eyes took in each of them in turn. His left hand snaked out
from under the blanket and touched the Neurolinker on his own
neck, at the cable extending from his XSB terminal to Haruyuki’s.
“It…wasn’t a dream, was it?” Haruyuki’s childhood friend said
finally, in a clear voice that couldn’t be mistaken for sleep-talking.
“Or wait. It was a nightmare, and you guys smashed it for me.
That’s it.” And then the exact same gentle smile as always spread
across his lips.
Instantly, Haruyuki reached out and gripped his friend’s
shoulder tightly. “Taku!” he shouted. “Y-you…When I tell you to
run, you run! You can’t usually counterattack on the spot like
that, you know!”

“Exactly! What did you intend to do if those creepy tentacles
got ahold of you again?!” Chiyuri also raised a shrill voice, leaning
in so far toward him that she threatened to fall on him.
Rebuked for launching a counterattack with his Incarnate
rather than running from the rage-crazed main body—after he
had broken free of the mind control thanks to Haruyuki’s Incarnate attack—Takumu’s smile changed into something more
apologetic.
“I-it’s just, I suddenly got the idea. That that thing was the bad
guy, that it was the root of all evil. In which case, I felt like I had
to at least send one shot back at it.”
“W-well, yeah, I mean, I wanted to get in there and send it to
the hospital if I could have.” Nodding unconsciously, Haruyuki
suddenly lifted his face with a gasp and hurried to ask, “R-right,
more importantly…how is it? That thing inside you?”
In the “dream,” with his new Incarnate technique Laser Lance,
Haruyuki had pierced and destroyed the ISS kit that had separated from Takumu’s right arm. But even if it hadn’t all been an
actual dream, it was still something that had happened in the
world of imagination, so he didn’t know how much of an impact it
would have on reality.
Takumu lowered his eyes and then closed them tightly. He
raised his hand and pressed it to his forehead, his furrowed brow
trembling a little. He stayed like this for a while, before finally
bringing down his hand and opening his eyes again. Takumu
looked directly at Chiyuri and Haruyuki in turn.
“It’s gone.” His voice was quiet.
“Huh?”
“It’s gone, Haru. That thing that’s been sitting somewhere
deep inside my head since last night, constantly whispering to

me…it’s gone.”
The home server, having decided that its master was awake
now, turned the lights up further. The daytime color of the panel
lighting shone on Takumu’s smiling face. It was his best friend’s
usual smile, the grin that was always there whenever he looked
over as they devoted themselves to playing; the look that had
been there ever since they became the two forwards of Nega Nebulus—no, ever since they were little kids.
It’s Taku. He’s back. He broke away from the temptation of
the power of darkness and climbed out of the deep hole in his
heart and came back to us again. To my side. To a place I can
reach if I stretch out my hand.
The instant he felt it sincerely, Takumu’s smiling face was covered and blurred in a boisterous dance of white light. As soon as
he realized what was spilling hotly out of his own eyes, Haruyuki
was so embarrassed he slammed his forehead into Takumu’s
broad chest.
“M-making us worry!” Shouting with a deliberate roughness,
he tried intently to rein in his tears, but they only kept coming,
one after another. He clenched his teeth and something like a
child’s sobs slipped out from his throat. “Unh…Ngh…Huunh!”
Unable to hold anything back now, Haruyuki wept, shoulders
shaking, while a large, warm hand patted his back gently.
“H-hey, Haru! I’m the one who should be doing that!”
Chiyuri’s exasperated voice also sounded choked. And then she
bumped her own body up against Haruyuki’s shoulder.
Feeling the warmth of his two childhood friends, Haruyuki
continued to simply spill hot tears.
Thank goodness. Abruptly, he heard a faint voice deep in his
own head. You managed to save your friend.

No mistake, it was the voice of the mysterious golden girl
avatar. Stifling his sobs, Haruyuki thought back to her:
Thanks. It’s all thanks to you.
Hee-hee. I didn’t do anything. The light of your heart shone
through the darkness. I want you to keep walking ahead on this
road you believe in. If you keep collecting all these lights, I’m
sure the time will come when even his deep despair will be
healed.
He didn’t really understand the meaning of those words at
that moment, but Haruyuki murmured, as if guided by something, Yeah. I promise. I’m definitely going to release you—you
and him from the cycle of Catastrophe.
…Thank you. I believe in you…
The voice receded and disappeared.
Finally getting himself under control, Haruyuki wiped away
his tears with the sleeve of his pajamas and lifted his chin, shouting forcefully to hide his embarrassment. “W-we ran until we
practically died, and now I’m starving. I’m gonna go check if
there’s anything in the fridge.” He pulled out the direct cable,
stood up, and padded quickly into the kitchen.
“Hey now!” Chiyuri’s exasperated voice chased him. “We
might have been running, but it was actually in a dream, you
know!”
Which was followed by Takumu’s laughter.
“Ha-ha-ha! Haru, bring me something, too!”

Haruyuki warmed up frozen cubes of clam chowder for three, divided it evenly into soup cups, and then carried these out to the

dining room table.
A glance at the wall clock revealed that it was already nearly
six in the morning. If he canceled the shade mode on the window
glass, the morning sun would come pouring in from the east. It
was an hour earlier than he usually got up, but he figured he
might as well stay up now. Haruyuki let out a long yawn.
After putting away their bedding and sitting down at the table,
the three friends took a sip of the steaming soup. They all let out a
sigh and looked at one another.
“Taku.” The first to speak was Chiyuri, her face quite serious.
“Umm, so I guess we can assume the ISS kit is completely gone
now?”
“Yeah, I think so. I don’t have any data or anything to back it
up, but that’s what my gut’s telling me.” There was no hesitation
or doubt in Takumu’s immediate reply.
“Rather than breaking down endurance in the duel stage,”
Haruyuki started thinking out loud, “it’s like, um, like you
smashed the saved data in the server itself. And it’s actually surprising you managed to survive that.”
“‘Server.’ Haru, are you saying that place was Brain Burst’s…?”
“Yeah.” He nodded lightly at Takumu’s question. “The Brain
Burst central server. That’s what she said.”
Takumu had woken up only when they were on the verge of escaping that world, so Haruyuki and Chiyuri took turns explaining
what they had experienced there. The long, dark tunnel and the
infinite expanse beyond it. The galaxy of shuddering lights, the
inky black of the lump of flesh. And the mysterious golden-yellow
avatar who had appeared from within Haruyuki to teach them so
many things.

“Right.” Glasses still off, Takumu fell silent for a while, the
look on his face indicating he was in his usual “full professor”
mode. After a few seconds of fiercely racking his brain, he lifted
his head and spoke crisply. “Haru, do you remember? Last night,
before we went to sleep, we talked about the vulnerability of the
ISS kit.”
“V-vulnerability…Right, we did talk about how, if it has this
kind of terrifying power, then it has to have a vulnerability to
match, right?”
“Right. You definitely got to the heart of that vulnerability before. The ISS kit automatically opens an imagination circuit while
the person who has it equipped is sleeping at night, which connects the wearer’s consciousness directly to the central server.
Then it does this parallel-processing-of-evil kind of thing with the
other wearers, to strengthen the kit’s main body and its terminals.”
Takumu’s words sent a shiver through the other two.
“Th-this is seriously serious,” Chiyuri murmured. “Isn’t that
beyond what a player could actually do, though?”
“Yeah.” Takumu bit his lip lightly. “To be honest, I have no
idea what kind of logic could create an Enhanced Armament with
such an ability. But…if there’s one thing I can say, it’s that the
Brain Burst program had this function right from the start. To
open the imagination circuit as a dream and connect to the central server.”
“Huh? That’s…?”
“Haru, you remember, right? What happened the night after
you installed Brain Burst?”
“Oh!” he cried out and met Chiyuri’s eyes before bobbing his
head up and down.

There was no way he could forget. After getting the program
from Kuroyukihime the previous fall, Haruyuki had had a long,
long nightmare, although he couldn’t remember the details. The
program had picked through this dream and created Haruyuki’s
other self, the duel avatar Silver Crow. His avatar data would
have been registered in the central server at the same time—or
rather, it was only natural to think this process happened within
the central server.
So that night, Haruyuki had indeed been in communication
with the server while he slept. It was basically the same as what
had happened to Takumu now.
“So then the parallel processing every night is the key to the
strength of the ISS kits,” Takumu continued, still thinking it
through as he sipped his soup. “But at the same time, it’s a massive opening. I mean, however you look at it, that means calling
the Burst Linkers right up to the main body. It’s not a problem if
everyone’s under the control of the kit like I was, but…”
Takumu lifted his head and smiled meaningfully, and
Haruyuki returned his grin. “The guys who made the kits probably never imagined their victims would be directing with another
Burst Linker while they slept.”
“And even more, that that Burst Linker would be able to use a
range-expansion Incarnate technique to attack from outside the
range of the main body.”
The two boys laughed together, and, watching them, Chiyuri
shook her head in mock exasperation but soon spoke in a halfsmiling, half-grumbling way. “So then the bond between us was
the winner! Right! Aah, honestly, I just want to meet whoever’s
pulling the strings right now and say, ‘Take that!’”
She drained the rest of her soup in one gulp and slammed the
cup back down onto the table before shaking a head of short, tousled hair and opening her mouth again. “Hey, Taku? At the end of

that dream, you cut down the kit’s main body with Cyan Blade,
right? Did that destroy the kit?”
“…No.” Takumu’s face grew serious again, and he shook his
head slowly. “Unfortunately, I didn’t get any feedback to indicate
that I destroyed it completely. But I definitely damaged the accumulated ‘evil will’ and the circuit it was using to transmit that.
The clones in the same cluster as me probably lost a fair bit of
power.”
The cluster Takumu was talking about was the group of Burst
Linkers with the same ISS kit origin—in Takumu’s case, Magenta
Scissor—or people who got copies of it later. If he hadn’t stopped
the kit when it split off from him and tried to parasitize Haruyuki
at the end of the battle the previous evening, Haruyuki would
have become a member of that cluster as well.
“So, then, if we were thinking of freeing Bush Utan and Olive
Grab from the kit, now would be the time,” Haruyuki muttered,
remembering the figure of the dark-green avatar walking beside
Takumu in the nightmare.
“Yeah. Right now, you wouldn’t have to go into the central
server. You could probably destroy the kits in a normal duel. Of
course, regular techniques wouldn’t work, but I think it’d be possible with Incarnate techniques.”
“Got it. I’ll pass the info along to his ‘big brother.’ I wish we
could do something ourselves, but we can’t move today.”
Chiyuri and Takumu looked up at the clock on the wall. The
date and time it showed was six thirty AM, Thursday, June 20,
2047.
At seven that evening—a little over twelve hours from that moment—Haruyuki would have to take on a mission of the highest
level of difficulty: escape from the Castle.

His other self, Silver Crow, was currently trapped in the
depths of the Castle in the center of the Unlimited Neutral Field,
along with Ardor Maiden, who had the power of purification. Unless they managed to make it past the fearsome attacks of the God
Suzaku one more time, Haruyuki had no future as a Burst Linker.
Because, if he couldn’t purify himself of the Armor of Catastrophe
that lurked deep within his avatar, a bounty of the highest order
would be placed on his head at the next meeting of the Seven
Kings.
Although he had gone on an unexpected adventure the night
before a mission where he really needed to have a solid sleep behind him, Haruyuki actually felt unusually full of energy. He had
the real sense that the duel with the infected Takumu and the experience in the central server after that had given him a certain
something.
Turning their faces back from the clock, the three nodded
firmly. With a smile on her face, Chiyuri slapped Haruyuki hard
on the back.
“Haru, you go and cut down that stupid bird and hurry home
already!”
“Right, Haru! Compared to fighting me in IS mode, it should
be a breeze, right?”
“Oh! You said it, Professor Mayuzumi!”
And with the grins the two boys exchanged once more, the impromptu sleepover party came to an end.
The brave warrior Chiyuri, still in her pajamas, was the first to
turn toward the front door in a bid to return to her home two
floors below, soon followed by Takumu in his sweats. As he stood
at the entryway seeing them off, Haruyuki suddenly noticed
Takumu make a small gesture.

He raised his right hand and gently held his left arm around
his wrist. The very place where the ISS kit had parasitized him.
Haruyuki took a step forward. “Taku,” he said quietly. “I have
to apologize. I wrecked your power.”
His friend turned and grinned, but Haruyuki felt a certain
faint melancholy behind it. Still, Takumu shook his head from
side to side.
“It’s true I’d be lying if I said I didn’t miss that incredible
power,” he said in an untroubled voice. “But I really have to thank
you from the bottom of my heart. I’d rather be how I am, you
know? No matter how much I worry or how lost I am.”
“…Taku…”
“And I got something way bigger than that power. Which is
why you totally don’t need to apologize to me.”
“Huh?” Haruyuki blinked several times and then asked, head
cocked, “So, like, some kind of amazing special attack?”
Before Takumu could answer, Chiyuri, having put on her
shoes, whirled around and shouted, “Aaah! Come on! How can
you be so thick!! Taku’s trying to say—” For some reason, she cut
herself off there and grinned. “Actually, you think about it. It’s
your homework for tomorrow!”

Haruyuki put the living room back the way it had been before the
sleepover and scarfed down a breakfast of cereal and milk before
changing into his school uniform and leaving for the day.
As he rode down in the elevator, he typed out a short text message to his mother. The gist of it was a report that he had gotten
up and gone to school, and he wrote a thank-you for letting
Takumu and Chiyuri stay over the night before. Now that he was

thinking about it, all the members of his Legion would be coming
together at the Arita house that evening, but the meeting would
end before his mother came home, so he left that part out. He
sent it as the elevator reached the ground floor.
The reply that came a few seconds later simply said “Understood,” but a money code for five hundred yen was attached. Unthinkingly, Haruyuki grinned and happily charged his account
with it.
His mother, Saya Arita, was a mysterious woman, even seen
through the eyes of her own child. The fact that she was thirtyseven that year meant she had given birth to Haruyuki at twentythree. She had never told him the details of that timeline herself,
but she would have been a student doing her graduate studies at a
university within the city at the time. While there, she had married a man three years her senior working in a network-related
company and borne a child. But the particulars of this time were
unknown, and there had been no wedding, either. And apparently, this was the reason they were estranged from his mother’s
family in Yamagata.
When she finished her master’s course while raising a baby—
regardless of the fact that she was relying on the Neurolinker for
some of that rearing—and received her MBA, she was hired by a
Japanese investment bank with its head office in the United
States. She had distinguished herself as a member of the trading
department and, through her work on several large cases, gotten
promoted in recent years to an associate.
Haruyuki had actually heard all this from Chiyuri’s mother,
Momoe. She and Haruyuki’s mother had apparently been friends
since back then. But Momoe also didn’t tell him about a certain
incident—about why Haruyuki’s parents had gotten divorced.
The divorce was finalized seven years earlier. His mother had
been thirty, his father thirty-three, and Haruyuki seven. He
barely remembered it. But there was one scene burned into one

corner of his memory that would never disappear.
One night, hearing voices, little Haruyuki woke up. When he
listened closely, he could definitely hear a conversation on the
other side of the door. He didn’t fall back to sleep right away because of the sharp edges in those two voices. Instead, he got out
of bed and quietly opened the door. At the time, he didn’t sleep in
the larger room he had now but rather a smaller room on the
other side of the living room. At the end of the dark hallway, hazy
light shone through the glass dividing door. Haruyuki moved
without making a sound and crouched down next to the door.
Although his parents’ voices as he eavesdropped were forcibly
hushed, they were clearly having heated words. They were arguing fiercely about something. He could catch bits and pieces like
“take care of,” “promised,” and “used,” but he didn’t understand
what they meant. However, young Haruyuki instinctively knew
that his parents were fighting about him.
And there his memory ended abruptly, as though slamming
into a wall, and Haruyuki absently raised his face.
Before he knew it, he had crossed the large courtyard of his
condo and arrived at the edge of Kannana Street. He shook his
head lightly and set his thoughts on a new track. He wasn’t particularly fond of remembering the past.
At any rate, this Saya Arita was a woman who moved relentlessly forward as though possessed. Never showing anyone the
depths of her heart, without even looking at her feet…
He may have at some point thought it was sad, but it didn’t
particularly bother him now. She didn’t hassle him about his
grades, she never forgot to give him five hundred yen for lunch,
and she let his friends stay over. Complaining about that was an
invitation to disaster.
He took a deep breath and then replaced the air built up in his

lungs as he glanced at the AR display on his virtual desktop.
The weather forecast for the day was cloudy, with light rain in
the afternoon that would stop toward evening. He didn’t see any
warning message that he’d forgotten anything, and thanks to the
fact that he had left the house much earlier than usual, his scheduled arrival time at school was a full thirty minutes before the
first bell. He had a little time to spare for a mission before school
started.
Stepping out into the crosswalk of the ring road, Haruyuki
shifted his bag onto his back and started out toward the south at a
brisk pace.
Where he would normally turn right at the intersection under
the Chuo Line, he went straight. He climbed the hill of south
Koenji and rode up the escalator to the pedestrian bridge crossing
Oume Kaido. At the top, he turned left and then stopped directly
above the wide, eight-lane highway. As he looked down on the
stream of EVs flowing back and forth, he murmured under his
breath, “Burst Link.”
Skreeeeee!! Thunder ripped through the air, and the world
froze blue. Immediately, he clicked on the flaming B icon at the
bottom left of his virtual desktop. From the menu that popped up,
he opened the matching list for Suginami Area No. 2 and touched
a name in the middle of the list of avatars, which could hardly be
said to be lengthy. Without hesitating, he tapped the DUEL button
that appeared in a small pop-up window.
The transformation began in the initial accelerated space, and
the clear blue world creaked and groaned. The road turned into a
dead valley full of debris, the buildings reddish-brown rocky
mountains, the sky a dirty pale yellow. A Wasteland stage.
Checking that the guide cursor was pointing south on Kannana, Haruyuki sent his body, in duel avatar form now, over the
edge of the pedestrian bridge. He landed with a thud and waited

for the roar of the gasoline engine approaching from a distance.
Just the other morning, Haruyuki had challenged the exact
same opponent at the exact same time in this very place. So his
opponent had no doubt guessed his intention—that he wanted to
talk rather than fight. Having made this judgment, he raised a
hand at the silhouette that came into view.
“Oh, hi! Good morn…” Haruyuki started to offer a greeting,
but his words changed midway into a scream. “…eaaaooooh?!”
He barely managed to throw himself to the right and avoid the
iron monster charging at him at top speed—a large American motorcycle from the previous century.
Before Haruyuki’s eyes, the motorcycle spun around, a shower
of sparks jetting off from the front and rear disc brakes, and came
to a stop, leaving the smell of burning and a groove dug out of the
gravel road.
Haruyuki jumped to his feet and turned toward the rider of the
vehicle, shouting in a panic. “Uh, um, sorry! I wanted to talk
again in closed mode—”
But the rider—member of the Green Legion, Great Wall, levelfive Burst Linker Ash Roller—flicked the fingers of his right hand
dismissively, interrupting Haruyuki. “Totally compredés that. I
know, so mighty me’s starting things off today with a wicked
turn!”
“Ah…huh.” Overwhelmed, Haruyuki nodded.
“Then listen up, you little crow!” Ash Roller snapped the index
fingers of both hands at him. “Today you doo-bappity-duel my
righteous self for reals! If I lose, I’ll listen to what you have to say.
But, ’ey, I win, and you grant me one wish! That’s totally mega
even terms, a’ight!”

“Sorry? A w-wish?!”
“Two duels in a row of nada, and the pretty little boys and girls
in the Gallery who went to all the trouble of registering me are
gonna be mega bummed and blue!”
Cheers like “Yeah! That’s right!” and “Show us something hot
today!” came one after another at this declaration from beneath
the skull–emblazoned face shield of Ash’s helmet. Hurriedly
looking around, Haruyuki saw the silhouettes of the audience
dotting the rooftops of the buildings along Kannana.
There wasn’t a ton of people, but it did look like pretty much
everyone registered on the matching list had shown up in the
stage. Many of the Burst Linkers who made their home in Shinjuku or farther west knew Silver Crow and Ash Roller as fated rivals. Their fights tended to be rather spectacular because both of
their avatars had very flashy performance—and they were both
level five—so a fight between them was seen as a pretty fun event.
Haruyuki glanced up at the timer, already down sixty seconds,
and thought over the situation quickly.
Unlike the day before, when they had talked for very nearly the
full thirty minutes, all he had to say to Ash Roller that day was the
simple message “if you’re going to remove Bush Utan’s ISS kit,
now’s your chance.” That wouldn’t even take three minutes. In
which case, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to make good use of the
burst point he’d gone and spent, and take on Ash Roller in a practice match. And he couldn’t rule out the possibility that, depending on how the mission to escape the Castle that night and the
meeting of the Seven Kings on Sunday went, this might be his last
duel.
“Understood.” Haruyuki nodded deeply. “I’ll accept your
terms. If I win, you sit down and listen to meeooowhoa!”
Before he could finish speaking, however, his sentence turned

into a shout once more, and he flew off to his left—because Ash
Roller’s massive bike had suddenly and ferociously charged him.
“Ah! That’s dangerous, you know! I was still talk—”
“Shut it. Shut yer yaaaaap! Duel’s started, booooyyyy! Boo-hoo
to you, ’cos I’m gonna victorize totes gigacoooooool!” Ash Roller
shouted, and spun his bike around once more.
Haruyuki made a mental note that the turn radius was much
tighter than when they’d first met, as he flung back his own
bravado. “I-I’m the one who’s gonna pull off a teragorgeous perfect win! But, like, the terms are not even at all. I mean, I win and
you listen. You win, and I grant—”
“Suuuuuucks! Not my style to get all worked up over details!”
Exhaust jetting from the fat muffler, the American motorcycle
rushed Haruyuki for the third time.
Ash Roller was an irregular Burst Linker, having poured the
majority of his duel avatar’s potential into the Enhanced Armament that was his bike.
The rider himself had basically no fighting power, close-up or
long-range. Instead, the motorcycle had both serious mobility
and serious stamina. A vehicle Enhanced Armament was in and
of itself rare, but even among the ones that existed, the performance of this one was likely at the top of the class.
If pressed to list its weak points, Haruyuki would have to say
that it wasn’t as maneuverable as a flesh-and-blood avatar and
that it lacked the element of surprise because of its sheer size. To
attack the latter weakness, a concentrated long-distance firepower attack was effective, but Haruyuki had essentially none of
the attack power endemic in red-type avatars.
Thus, if he was fighting Ash Roller on the ground, he ended up

risking his life on close-range attacks. Specifically, when he
dodged to one side as the charging vehicle was a hairbreadth
away and then showered counterattacks on Ash himself or the
motorcycle engine.
The best thing was to use Silver Crow’s nimble agility to jump
straight up into the air and aim for the rider’s head, but his opponent was well aware of this strategy. The instant Haruyuki assumed a posture to leap upward, his opponent would no doubt
pull up into a wheelie and bring out the “antiaerial attack,” front
wheel spinning at high speed. The jump attack and the antiaerial
attack were mutually incompatible, a game of rock, paper, scissors, and if he took that hit, he wouldn’t be able to avoid serious
damage. An unstrategic leap was suicide.
“Eeeeeeyaaaaaah!”
Together with a high-pitched battle cry from its rider, the bike
charged toward Haruyuki, and he concentrated all his mental energies on its enormous front wheel.
His opponent was also no doubt assuming Haruyuki would
dodge and was ready to make tiny adjustments to his trajectory
one way or the other immediately before Haruyuki could jump.
Which was fine if Ash plunged ahead on the opposite side, but
Haruyuki was just another jumper on a busy train line if he
dodged in the same direction.
Which way…right or left…Don’t look at the tire, watch the
angle of the bike itself…
Haruyuki activated the hyperpowers of concentration—limited
to game play and nothing else—he had polished long before he
became a Burst Linker and focused every inch of his mind on the
behavior of the entire motorcycle.
Then.

The turn signal on the bike’s side, the right from Haruyuki’s
perspective, began flashing orange.
“Huh.” The sound slipped out of him as he reflexively flew to
the left.
But at the same time, the bike also angled to the left, and the
tough, charcoal-colored tire pressed in on him.
An incredible impact like being hit with an enormous hammer. The entirety of the stage spun round and round. Or rather,
Haruyuki himself spun round and round. In a magnificent display that outshone even the more silly anime programs of the
day, Silver Crow flew dozens of meters head over heels at top
speed through the air before smashing headfirst into one of the
rocky mountains along the east side of Kannana Street.
After blacking out for a minute, he braced his hands on the
stony face of the mountain and yanked his helmet free. The moment he leapt back to his feet, he shouted indignantly, “Y-y-you
turned the opposite way of your signal! That’s a traffic violation!
Fine of two hundred million yen!!”
“Heeyah-ha-ha-haaaaa!” The skull-faced rider laughed long
and loud at this, even as he turned to follow Haruyuki and rush
him once more. “Mighty Ash right here! Just me existing’s a traffic violation, you knoooooow!”
That was true. In the present day, bringing something that
burned fossil fuels onto public roads and generated even a cubic
centimeter of carbon dioxide was basically asking to be immediately arrested. And the noise coming from the muffler easily tore
through standards for public order; the bike didn’t even have a license plate on the back. But of course, in this Accelerated World,
there were also no white bikes to pull him over.
Instead of sirens, they were showered in the enthusiastic
cheers erupting from the Gallery all around them, as Ash Roller

plunged forward to send Haruyuki flying again.
“Damn him!” Cursing, Haruyuki glanced to the top left of his
field of view. Silver Crow’s health gauge had dropped nearly 20
percent from that hit. In contrast, his special-attack gauge was
charged 30 percent, but he still couldn’t be sure he could win this
if he activated his flying ability.
He’d fly after going up against Ash one more time on the
ground. Having resolved this, Haruyuki dropped his stance and
waited for the assault. He’d never seen the feint with the turn signal before, so he’d unconsciously fallen for it, but he wouldn’t
make the same mistake twice. This time, he shouted in his heart,
he’d dodge the charge at the very last moment and pummel Ash
with a fierce counterattack.
But it seemed that Ash Roller also didn’t think the same feint
would work a second time. Rather than flicking on his turn signal
—
“Huuuup!” he called out as he jumped straight up on the vehicle and stood, using the seat and the handlebars as footholds. He
plunged ahead, riding the motorcycle like a surfboard. Ash
Roller’s so-called secret technique, the V-Twin Punch.
Seemingly a joke in both name and appearance, the technique
in fact held a power that couldn’t be so easily dismissed.
Haruyuki could dodge the front tire of the bike, but then the
rider’s kick would come flying at him, so it was hard to find the
timing for a counterattack. Although he had come up against the
V-Twin Punch several times already, he still hadn’t been able to
find an effective countermeasure to it.
“Yaaahooooooooo!”
Haruyuki glared intently at the motorcycle, slaloming lightly
left and right as it pressed in on him, and at the rider shouting on
top of it. It was possible for him to evade the attack with a large

jump, but then he wouldn’t be able to counter. Ash’s teacher and
parent, Sky Raker, had taken down the V-Twin Punch with the
superhuman feat of dashing backward while clutching the motorcycle’s brake lever, but that was still beyond Haruyuki’s abilities.
Some other weak point, somewhere, somehow—
“Ngh!” A light went on abruptly.
Could Ash Roller still make the bike do a wheelie in that position? No, it was probably impossible. If he did a wheelie, he’d fall
off the bike himself. So then where Haruyuki needed to aim was—
“Up!”
The instant the massive tire filled his field of view, Haruyuki
bent forward and kicked off the ground as hard as he could to fly
up into the air.
“Hungaah?!”
The rider let out a strange sound as Haruyuki crashed into him
and clung to him for dear life. The pair fell away from the motorcycle and hit the ground with a thud. Having lost its master, the
American bike raced off north on Kannana.
“You! This! Hold me tight—No way, lemme go, dude!” Ash
Roller howled, kicking and flailing, while Haruyuki tried with all
his might to hold him down. He couldn’t let this chance get away
from him.
“Nope! You without your bike is like soy sauce pickles without
curry!”
“The hell! When it comes to curry, I’m totally on the pickled
leeks team!”
The Gallery erupted once more at the two wrestling on the
road. But when it came down to actual fisticuffs, Ash Roller sim-

ply didn’t have the power to pierce Silver Crow’s metal armor. Regardless of the punches landing on his face and chest, Haruyuki
pushed his way behind Ash Roller and held his chest with both
arms.
“Gah! Hey! D-d-d-d-d-d-don’t go hugging me, man!”
“I-it’s not like I want to be hugging you!”
“Don’t say you’re hugging me! Dammit, dude!”
“You’re the one who said it…first!!” Haruyuki shouted back at
Ash Roller, as he deployed the silver wings on his back. His special-attack gauge had been charged a further 10 percent in this
ground scuffle, and he used it to deploy the ten metal fins with
everything he had.
Vwwmp! Silver Crow and Ash Roller took off directly up into
the air like a rocket.
“Ngaaaaah! Wh-what the hell?! Fly hiiiiiigh!”
Ash Roller continued his nonsensical yelling, but Haruyuki
was done responding; he simply ascended at full power. In an instant, they passed the stony mountains the members of the
Gallery stood on, reaching an altitude of one hundred meters, two
hundred, three.
“N-noooooo! Heights are no good, no way, no thank you—”
The high-pitched cry was abruptly cut off. The body flailing frantically in Haruyuki’s arms stiffened, and Ash Roller asked
hoarsely, “Uh, um, Crow? Mighty me’s not actually? Like a falling
star in the night sky?”
“Yes. Like space debris falling out of orbit.” Nodding,
Haruyuki moved to release his hands, merciless.
He had worked out a number of battle strategies to make use

of Silver Crow’s flying ability in an actual duel. The one he had
been using since the early days was a super-high-speed kick or a
punch from a high altitude—his dive attack. And lately, he had
been practicing the Aerial Combo technique, which used momentary thrust from his wings in close-range battle on the ground.
But there was a way of using his wings that was more reliable
and effective than either of these. He pinned down his duel opponent, carried them high up into the sky, and then released them
from serious altitudes for drop damage. It was hard to use on
large avatars, and he couldn’t manage to even pin down opponents with real fighting abilities, but the moment he got an
enemy in the air, real damage was basically assured. The reason
Haruyuki didn’t use the technique that much was because the
second his opponent saw that he was coming in close, they
tended to make him eat a painful counterattack. Plus, more than
a few avatars were resistant to being dropped even if they
couldn’t fly, so he couldn’t count on a situation like this one,
where all the different factors happened to come together. Given
that Ash Roller had very weak armor and no hovering or three-dimensional movement abilities, if he was dropped from this
height, the maximum value for fall damage would probably be
applied.
Haruyuki had gotten swept up in his impending victory and
completely forgotten his initial objective, but Ash was not the sort
of gallant opponent who could simply keep his mouth shut, even
when faced with a stalemate like this.
Before Haruyuki could remove his hands, Ash Roller grabbed
on to them tightly and shouted, “Then my mighty self and you are
riding tandem straight into hellllllll! Flyyyying Knucklehead!!”
A special attack?! Unconsciously, Haruyuki stiffened up. He
hadn’t even imagined that Ash Roller’s body had a special attack.
But a few seconds passed, and still nothing happened. Deciding that it had been a bluff to buy time, Haruyuki opened his

mouth to complain about how his opponent just did not know
when to give up, but his words quickly turned into a shout of surprise.
“Come on, Ash! There are limits even fowaaaaaaaah?!”
What had stunned Haruyuki so was not Ash still held in his
arms, but rather two spots of light racing toward him from directly below. Long, thin cylindrical bodies closing in, jetting orange flames. Four small wings near the tails and red lenses at the
heads. No matter how he looked at them—
“M-m-missiles?!” he screamed as he shot upward in the sky.
But the two missiles were apparently equipped with a homing
function and followed him with unerring precision. No matter
how he zigged and zagged, he couldn’t break away from them.
Now that he was thinking about it, Ash Roller had said something before about getting missiles on his motorcycle. Which
meant the launcher of these missiles was that American bike,
which had probably fallen over somewhere along Kannana.
Which meant that voice commands were still possible even when
separated from the Enhanced Armament. However.
“Y-y-you’re gonna get blown up, too, though!”
“Ha! Way better than just getting dropped, booooyyyy!”
That was definitely true. Haruyuki tried earnestly to dispose of
his burden, but Ash, looking for a draw, had wrapped both arms
and legs around him and was clinging to him tightly. Because of
this, Haruyuki couldn’t manage to produce more than half his
usual speed, which meant the missiles would be reaching for the
tips of his toes in a few seconds.
“Key shooooooop!” At the same time as Ash Roller shouted
this incomprehensible cry, there was a magnificent explosion.

The really terrifying part of explosive attacks—although this
naturally depended on the power and range of the explosion—was
that when you were hit, you didn’t know which way was up for a
while. Falling from a height of three hundred meters upside
down, head spinning, Haruyuki just barely managed to collect
himself before he plunged headfirst into the earth and spread
both wings to apply the emergency brakes.
Still tangled up with Ash Roller, he landed in the middle of the
intersection of the original Kannana and Oume Kaido. He peeled
off the clinging Ash Roller and pushed him half a meter or so
away before asking in a groan, “Hey, Ash. What was that ‘key
shop’ thing before?”
Apparently recovering his senses a little more slowly, the motorcycle rider shook his skull helmet lightly back and forth as he
whispered in reply, “Okay, so, like…when you set off fireworks,
you shout out tamaya or kagiya, right? I just figured I’d translate
that into English…Would ‘ball shop’ be more compredés for you?”
For once, Ash had translated them correctly, albeit entirely too
literally to make any sense. “I’m telling you from the bottom of
my heart, either is fine. Which is to say they’re both incomprehensible,” Haruyuki muttered, and checked both of their health
gauges.
Immediately before the direct hit from the missiles,
Haruyuki’s had been lower, but apparently, his metal armor had
cut the damage from the explosion; both gauges currently had a
mere 10 percent or so remaining. If one of them got in two or
three clean punches, the battle would be decided, but as they lay
sprawled out on the ground, Haruyuki and Ash Roller glanced at
each other before speaking at the same time:
“Should we call it a draw?”
“How about we leave this a draw?”

Each nodding at the other, they pulled themselves to their feet.
Wordlessly, Haruyuki looked around at the Gallery gazing
down upon them, and then shouted in a tense voice, “Um, sorry!
We’re going to end this duel here as a draw!”
He thought a few people at least would grumble, but to his
surprise:
“Good game!”
“Thanks for the great show!”
“Looking forward to next tiiiime!”
The spectators shouted their appreciation and burst out, leaving only their thundering applause. As he watched this, Haruyuki
abruptly became aware of a certain kind of deep emotion filling
his heart.
This was the duel. There might be thrills and excitement, but
there was no resentment or anger. The duelers might be rivals
competing against each other, but they were not enemies to hate.
Considering the cool rationality of the burst point system, perhaps the creator of this world had envisioned a more bloodthirsty
survival game. But the players had of their own will rejected the
expectations of the creator. That feeling was certainly included in
the name “Burst Linker,” something not set by the point system:
the feeling that they were comrades.
The ISS kits and the Acceleration Research Society were trying
to destroy this world. Bush Utan, whom Haruyuki had fought a
few days earlier, and Takumu in the fight the day before, didn’t
seem like they were having fun. Even the members of the Society
themselves, Dusk Taker and Rust Jigsaw, were at a complete disconnect from the pleasure of the duel.

That was wrong. That was definitely wrong.
As Haruyuki stood there stock-still, fists clenched, a hand
wrapped in a leather glove came down with a slap on his left
shoulder.
“Good fight, you crazy crow. Way to see through the weak
point of my mighty V-Twin Punch.”
“I’m sure the same thing won’t work again next time, though,
huh?” Haruyuki replied, and Ash Roller snorted with laughter.
“Absolutes! Check it. Next time, I’ll be popping wheelies
standing up, man,” the skull face bragged before glancing upward. He was checking the timer. Six hundred seconds left. It
wasn’t a long time, but enough to talk for a bit.
Ash Roller sat down on one of the more reasonable-size rocks
dotting the intersection and jerked his chin toward Haruyuki, as
if to tell him to start talking.
Haruyuki nodded and took a seat on a rock opposite him.
“Umm, I wanted to talk to you about Bush Utan.”
In name at least, Ash was a member of an enemy Legion, so
Haruyuki couldn’t get into the details about Takumu, but even so,
he expended every effort to tell Ash Roller as much information
as he actually could.
That the ISS kits were essentially a colony, that they were
linked to kits “genetically” close to them. That the wearers of the
kits were guided by that link when they went to bed every night
and connected with the main body. That Haruyuki and his Legion
comrades had attacked that main body the night before on an information level and damaged it considerably.
“So right now, you might be able to destroy the ISS kit parasitizing Utan in a normal duel. But…there are two problems

there,” Haruyuki said, staring at Ash Roller, who had taken in the
whole story without comment. “The first is, the ISS kits probably
can’t be damaged without using an Incarnate attack. And the second is, even if you destroy the kit, that doesn’t resolve the essential problem. Now that he’s experienced the Incarnate firsthand—
he calls it ‘IS mode’—after Rust Jigsaw launched that massive attack from the tenth shuttle in the Hermes’ Cord race, Utan’s really suspicious of the veteran Burst Linkers who kept the existence of the Incarnate System a secret. And I think that feeling is
creating an urgency in him, like he doesn’t care how legit or not
the power is as long as it makes him stronger. Like there’s no
point if he doesn’t get stronger. And as long as he feels like that,
I’m pretty sure if you smash this ISS kit he has now, he’ll just go
looking for another one.”
“Yeah, I know. I think so, too.” Ash flipped up the skull-patterned shield of his helmet with his right hand. Beneath it, a face
mask reminiscent somehow of a science nerd looked up at the
sallow sky of the Wasteland. His quiet voice flowed out, voice effects weaker, surprisingly subtle.
“I already told you how that kid U, his parent ended up at total
point loss, yeah? Only natural, I guess, but it was a huge shock for
him. Ever since, he’s had, like, this enormous terror…unhappiness or annoyance or something, just hanging out inside him. I’m
supposedly his big bro, so I prob’ly shoulda done something for
him. But y’know, I still hadn’t…come to terms with this whole total-loss thing, either. I didn’t know, y’know, what I should even
say to U.”
“Come to terms?” Haruyuki asked.
Ash nodded slowly and turned pale-green eye lenses on him.
“When the number of burst points becomes zero, the Brain Burst
program itself forcefully uninstalls, and you’re done being a Burst
Linker. Master Raker taught me right off the bat this was the
biggest rule of the Accelerated World. You must’ve gotten it, too,
Crow?”

“Y-yeah. Ku—Black Lotus told me that pretty clearly the day I
became a Burst Linker.”
“Right. But when I really think hard about it, I’ve actually
never been backed up against that wall, where I’m seriously for
real on the brink of total loss. I mean, if you really pushed, maybe
the worst I’ve come up against is when I went up to level two and
I had a pretty narrow margin, and then I lost to level one you.
That got me a bit freaked.”
Feeling the man’s eyes on him, Haruyuki reflexively shrank
into himself.
Thinking back, Ash Roller had been his first fight as a Burst
Linker and the first opponent he had lost to. Later, his parent,
Kuroyukihime, had lectured him about all sorts of things and
come up with the perfect strategy for him to challenge Ash Roller
to a rematch. But in the space of a single day, Ash had gotten to
level two, and thanks to his newly won ability to ride up walls,
Haru’s carefully planned strategy had been useless.
Although he despaired of winning at that point, he had frantically racked his brain and realized that the weak point of the oldstyle motorcycle was that the drive power was in only the rear
wheel, which allowed him to turn the tables and win the match.
That duel had been the starting point for Haruyuki’s tactics.
The “margin” that Ash Roller spoke of was a word originating
from the unique ways players leveled up in Brain Burst.
In normal RPGs and other games, the player automatically
leveled up when their experience points reached a certain fixed
number. But in Brain Burst, to go up a level, a player had to
spend experience points they had saved up—their burst points.
Specifically, the number of points required to go from level one to
level two was three hundred. In other words, when the player executed a level-up in the system menu, their points decreased by
three hundred all at once. Thus, when moving up a level, a player

needed to ensure they had sufficient wiggle room to lose several
duels in a row without being forced to face total point loss—they
needed a margin, in other words. It only made sense when he
thought about it a little.
Hearing this from Ash Roller, Haruyuki composed a pathetic
smile and confessed, “Th-the truth is, I wasn’t thinking at all, and
I went up a level as soon as I had saved up three hundred points.
I was almost at total point loss.”
“For real?! Back then, Suginami wasn’t even Negabu territory,
was it? Can’t believe you made it back from that okay.” Ash Roller
sounded exasperated, and Haruyuki shrugged again.
“Y-yeah. My partner, Cyan Pile, helped me out, and I kinda…”
He started to tell the story, but he couldn’t really remember exactly how he had gotten his points back up at the time. So
Haruyuki turned the straying conversation back to its original
route. “A-anyway, what did you mean before by ‘come to terms’
with total loss?”
“Ohh. Okay, so look. I can totally see how the whole system of
forced uninstall when you lose all your points is a totally mean,
for-real-awful rule. But I also kinda feel like if you’re gonna be a
Burst Linker and get this massive present, acceleration, then a
risk that size is only natural. Honestly, I can’t totally come down
on either side. I mean, like, it’s easy to say it’s mean…But the flip
side of me and you getting all the way to level five here is however
many guys got those points stolen from them and ended up in
total loss. It’s like indirectly, the points I won and used totes casually were points taken from U’s parent by someone else when
he was pushed to total loss.”
Haruyuki was speechless as he listened to this speech that was
slightly—no, considerably different from the usual yee-haw century-end rider.
As if reading his mind, Ash snorted and turned away before

continuing, as if embarrassed. “But then, I think a Burst Linker’s
gotta be ready right from the start for total loss at least. The one
dishing it out and the one taking it, y’know? And in that sense, I
really respect your parent, the Black King. Dunno if I should be
saying this when I’m in Great Wall, but…she’s amazing. She’s
undisputedly number one in the Accelerated World when it
comes to being totally ready to leave this world. I wanna get that
kind of mega cool, too. But y’know…like, if I was up against you
in a duel, Crow, and say I found out you’d be at total loss if you
were crushed one more time, would I be able to mercilessly slam
that final blow into you, all cool-like…I honestly got no idea. At
the very least, I can’t say I wouldn’t hesitate.”
“Ash.” This time, Haruyuki was genuinely surprised and
turned serious eyes on the biker.
“Hey you!” he responded in a slightly threatening voice. “You
look like you’re gonna be all, I’d have no problem putting you at
total loss. Come on, now!”
“N-no no no no way! I’d hesitate, too! I’d super hesitate!”
“Dude, for serious?! You sound all like, I’d hesitate, but I’d still
put you at total loss. Come on!”
“B-but you just said it like you would hesitate! Right now!”
Shaking both hands and head at top horizontal speed to dodge
Ash Roller’s follow-up jab, Haruyuki remarked, lips flapping,
“But I mean, it’s only natural to hesitate. My parent…Black Lotus,
I mean, I know she hesitates. No matter how hated her opponent
is. Because at the core, they’re both Burst Linkers. And I owe you
for this one, too, but that time the guy stole my flying ability this
spring, he was an enemy, we were in total conflict, and I hated
him from the bottom of my heart. And still, when I was defeating
him in the Sudden Death Duel, I hesitated a little. I wondered if
maybe we could have met a different way, had a different duel…
and now I feel like that hesitation is maybe something we’ll never
be able to get rid of completely as long as we’re Burst Linkers.”

This time, it was Ash Roller who fell silent.
Eventually, he lowered his eyes to the brownish-red earth between his feet and muttered slowly, “Maybe so. But, like, because
of that hesitation, I couldn’t say anything to the U kid. I’m
s’posed to be his big bro; I really should’ve said one or the other,
clear as day. I totes will never forgive the dude who pushed your
parent to total loss. I’m def gonna get revenge. Or else, We all
fight carrying around the risk of total loss. You can’t mope about
it forever. One of those things. But I couldn’t. Which is why U
just filled up with anger and fear and went looking for something
other than the power he had. This guy sitting right here made one
of the reasons he went chasing off after the ISS kit.”
Ash Roller slammed a foot on the ground with a crunch, and
Haruyuki couldn’t immediately figure out what he should say.
But before he could open his mouth, something began flashing
red in the top of his field of view. The timer had crossed into the
last hundred seconds.
“That reminds me, Ash. Didn’t you say you had a wish you
wanted me to grant?”
“Oh. Y-yeah. Right, right.” The biker lifted his face and yanked
down the skull shield of his helmet before continuing in a suddenly wilder voice. “It’s kinda connected with the whole U thing.
Well, it’s no big, actually. Sorry, Crow, but can you, like, mega
quick and cool, teach me?”
“T-teach you? What?” Haruyuki cocked his head, and Ash
Roller responded without hesitation and with a singular objective:
“The Incarnate System.”

6
If someone were to ask Haruyuki what his favorite of the five
weekdays was, he would have responded without a moment’s
hesitation that it was Friday. This was probably the same as the
majority of students—and maybe grown-ups as well. The thrill of
the two unbroken days off in a row was hard to beat.
However, when it came to his least-favorite day, he was a bit
on the fence. Naturally, along with most people, he was not too
happy with Monday, but the first day of the week held the joy of
being able to see the object of his respect and affection, Her Excellency the student council vice president, after a two-day absence. And at least for this term, the lunch special on Monday
was the feast of the gods that was minced meat cutlet curry.
Thus, if he proffered an amnesty for Monday in an act of extreme benevolence, next in line would have to be Thursday. After
all, Thursday had gym class first period, a completely unforgivable timetable.

“Hey, Arita! Hey!”
Drenched in sweat, legs shaking, Haruyuki reflexively moved
to throw the basketball he held in both hands in the direction his
name came from.
But the figure of his teammate with hands up in the air was
soon blocked by a player from the opposing team, and his own
teammate disappeared from view. In the lower left of his vision,
the digital numbers counting down the five- and twenty-four-second violations were steadily decreasing. Panicking, he held the

ball high above his head with both hands to toss it toward the
very front line in a blind long pass.
But just when he was on the verge of releasing the pass like a
bolt of lightning, someone reached up and seized the ball from
behind.
“Gotcha!”
Leaving behind an odious voice, the tall student—a basketball
team regular named Ishio—magnificently dribbled the ball toward his own side of the court. While the girls standing around
the court cheered, in the blink of an eye, Ishio made his way
through the two players guarding and went in for a leisurely
layup. The ball swooshed through the hoop, and the right side of
the score of 22–36 displayed in the overlay in the lower right of
Haruyuki’s vision changed to 38.
“No big deal!” The teammate who had called out to Haruyuki
clapped him on the shoulder. But Haruyuki could hear only the
echoes that lamented the other boy’s bad luck at ending up on the
same team as Arita, instead of his own bad luck at ending up on
the team opposite Ishio.
The dual basketball courts of the gym were divided up into
girls’ and boys’, with the twenty boys being further split up into
four teams, so each game was only twenty minutes. An upset victory in the remaining seven minutes and thirty seconds was
clearly impossible, so Haruyuki prayed he would at least not
make any more incredibly obvious mistakes as he started to return to his given position.
“Haru,” a different voice murmured behind his back. “The important thing is the overall image. Just like in the Territories.”
The one dropping this little bit of advice on him before moving
away was Takumu Mayuzumi, who’d happened to end up on the
same team. Although they were losing, they could be said to be

putting up a rather good fight, given the fact that the other team
had an actual basketball team player on it; there was only a sixteen-point difference. And the reason the gap wasn’t greater was
because Takumu was working hard as a forward, even though ball
games were far outside his area of specialization.
The overall image? Just like in the Territories? Haruyuki puzzled the words as he ran noisily after Takumu, aiming to catch the
ball after a throw-in or charge dribbling into enemy territory.
The Territories in Brain Burst took place every Saturday
evening, group duels fought over territory between Legions. A
normal duel could go up to only a tag team of two against two,
but the Territories unfolded as large-scale battles of a minimum
of three against three, with some instances of more than ten
against ten.
Which meant the fight couldn’t be won by simply relying on
individual battle prowess. Players had to be aware of the overall
situation in the large stage as they avoided the enemy’s major attacks, while also looking for weaknesses at the same time. They
needed to have a comprehensive image of the state of the war.
So was Takumu trying to say that a basketball game was the
same as that?
But Haruyuki’s team was already doing something like that.
Since the enemy team’s main firepower was clearly Ishio from the
basketball team, their strategy was to have two people guarding
him at all times to block his movement. Haruyuki and another
boy were conservative centers, while Takumu was the lone forward. But unable to really stop Ishio even with two people—and
with only Takumu as the core of their attack—it was clear they
wouldn’t be able to score as easily as that. Still, if they abandoned
defense and shifted to an attack-style formation, the suddenly
freed Ishio would simply run circles around them.
So then we can’t just think of this in terms of battle strategy,

Taku. It’s like our opponent has a King on their side and we have
a level one on ours, Haruyuki mentally replied to his friend. Of
course, he was the level one. Given that he was slow, short, and
bad at handling the ball, his presence alone in a basketball game
was basically nothing more than an annoying obstacle.
And then at that moment, Takumu was knocked down onto
the court with a heavy thud. An opposing player had panicked,
seeing that Takumu was charging the enemy net for a three-point
shot, and slammed into him. A sharp alert sounded and the word
FOUL glittered blue in the center of his field of view. Blue was the
enemy team’s color.
“T-Taku!” Haruyuki raced to his side, but Takumu raised a
hand to indicate he was okay, and then stood up again.
He calmly took his three free throws, and the points he gained
changed the score to 25–38. As Takumu quickly ran back,
Haruyuki started to call out to him, but then swallowed his
breath.
The word image his friend had used before—what if it wasn’t
meant on the level of a weak point or a strategy? What if he had
meant something bigger?
At the beginning of class, the in-school system had randomly
divided them into teams. The moment Haruyuki saw that Ishio
was on the opposing team, he had told himself it was all over;
three of his four teammates had no doubt done the same thing.
So before the game even began, they had been seized by a negative image.
Takumu was different, however. Because of his quiet manner
and intellectual appearance, it didn’t really show on the surface,
but he was a natural-born fighter. Which was why, when they
were in elementary school and he was horribly bullied at his
kendo lessons, he didn’t quit going. This was also why he couldn’t
stop himself from checking into the rumors about the ISS kit,

which had the power to overwrite the weak point written into his
avatar because of that bullying.
And even in this pointless twenty-minute mock game in their
completely meaningless gym class, Takumu refused to have a
negative image, even knowing the clear differences in fighting
power. So, right, it was exactly like the Territories in Brain Burst.
In those battles, both sides expended every effort in tactics and
strategies, and the first one who tossed out the words It’s impossible was the one who lost.
“Sorry, Taku.” His muttered apology probably didn’t reach his
friend, but Haruyuki looked at the broad back of his good friend
and clenched his teeth.
Six minutes, twenty seconds remaining. He would at least
shed his negative image in that time. He would do whatever he
could without thinking it was impossible. So then what could he
do? Beautiful baskets, sharp dribbling, these things were beyond
Haruyuki. But there should have been something that one enormous obstacle could do. Obstacle…
Haruyuki’s eyes flew open, and he immediately began fiddling
with his virtual desktop at top speed.
There was a variety of functions in the gym ball-sports app
carefully produced by the Ministry of Education, but ball games
and AR displays were fundamentally incompatible—because obviously, the display got in the way of seeing the key bit of the
whole operation, the ball—so AR was basically used only to display an overlay for the points and the time in the game at the
edge of a player’s field of view. They could have played just as
well without their Neurolinkers, but they weren’t allowed to because the school was legally obligated to monitor the heart rate,
body temperature, and blood pressure of students exercising.
But when Haruyuki opened a tab for the court status in the
app, it gave him a bird’s-eye view just below the center of his vi-

sion. Five round red marks, five blue moved irregularly in a diagonal rectangle. These were obviously the current positions of the
players. He narrowed them down to two with a filter function.
The remaining red circle was himself. The blue was the enemy
ace, Ishio.
The instant the game started again with the enemy throw-in,
Haruyuki moved noisily and held out his arms right above the
line connecting the ball he could see with his eyes and Ishio moving behind him. He tried to ruin any pass opportunities for Ishio
simply by waving his arms frantically and making his already
wide body larger. The members of the Gallery burst out laughing
at his ridiculous movements, but the enemy player holding the
ball clicked his tongue lightly and passed sideways to another
player. Yet Haruyuki ran several meters to the left at the same
time and began waving his arms up and down again.
This was the “something” he could do.
The opposing team’s strategy was a “post” play to bulldoze
through the game, using the ace posted around the basket. Since
Haruyuki knew the ball was eventually going to be thrown toward
the low post area, he first had to get an accurate understanding
with the AR display of Ishio’s position behind him, and then be
an “obstacle” in the trajectory connecting Ishio and the ball.
Given the momentum Haruyuki generated, a perfect man-toman defense clinging to the ace himself was simply not possible,
but if he guessed at the pass route and optimized the distance he
moved, Haruyuki might be able to keep filling this role until the
end of the game.
The opposing player indicated he was going to throw the ball
directly to one side once more, so Haruyuki also started to move
in that direction.
However, on the verge of doing so, he put on the emergency
brakes. Ishio, three meters or so behind him, was running in the

opposite direction. It was a feint. With the right foot that
slammed into the ground, Haruyuki managed to absorb the inertial mass and throw his body to the right. His earnestly outstretched right hand smacked hard into the ball the opposing
player threw. As it was about to bounce off somewhere, he unconsciously killed his force with the way-of-the-flexible trick from
Brain Burst and pulled the ball toward him, holding it tightly
against his chest.
“No way!”
Haruyuki was thinking the same thing his opposition shouted,
eyelids peeled back. But if he let himself be dumbfounded there,
Ishio would come up from behind and snag the ball from him
again.
“Hey!”
Haruyuki heard the voice from his left and reflexively threw
the ball, this time without bringing it above his head. The player
on his team who caught it—a member of the swim team called
Nakagawa—dribbled the ball for a few meters into the enemy
camp and passed to their team’s ace, Takumu, running up on the
right side.
Catching it firmly, Takumu headed toward the enemy basket
in a fierce charge—Haruyuki would expect nothing less from a
blue type—and finished up with a magnificent jump shot, making
good use of his height. A light beep sound effect echoed in his
ears, and the score display changed to 27–38.
“Nice, Arita!” Nakagawa called out to him, having promptly returned to their side of the court. Grinning, the typically buff
swimmer raised his right hand, and Haruyuki, reflexively thinking, He’s going to hit me! somehow managed nonetheless to lift
his right hand and accept the high five.
Takumu ran up from behind and simply exchanged a quick

smile with him, but that was still enough to communicate what
needed to be said.
In the just under six minutes that were left, Haruyuki ran, ran,
and ran. A waterfall of sweat poured down his face and drenched
his body, he panted heavily, and his legs and arms trembled, but
he didn’t stop moving. His field of view—no, his mind—was filled
with nothing but the ball in front of him and Ishio behind him.
He imagined the course he should take in relation to those two
and simply traced it out. Image and execution.
In one corner of his mind, becoming somewhat hazy at last,
Haruyuki abruptly remembered that he had had a very similar
experience only a few days earlier.
Exactly. When he was cleaning the animal hutch in the rear
yard by himself. After thinking hard about exactly how he was
going to clean up the mountain of old leaves piled up there, so
many that it seemed it would be impossible to remove them by
hand, he had imagined the result and then simply trusted in that,
setting his hands to work. That had also been a difficult job, but
in the end, the seemingly infinite number of dead leaves was
gone.
Of course, a basketball game and cleaning a hutch were totally
different. But maybe at the root, they were similar in what could
be called the essence of action. He was pretty sure, though, that
he had started to realize something more important at the time.
Words someone had spoken to him in that other world echoed
faintly in the back of his mind.
…An image…strongly projected from the consciousness…overcomes restraints and becomes real.
Words to explain the other power hidden there. The ultimate
power surpassing the normal system framework, close to a supernatural phenomenon. A miracle that shouldn’t exist in the real

world. And though that logic might be incredibly simple—
Even as he thought this through, Haruyuki continued to intently run back and forth. Naturally, he couldn’t prevent every
single pass to Ishio with his hastily prepared block. Sometimes,
he was unable to get in the way of the ball being handed over, and
in those instances, the enemy ace racked up points. Although they
had closed the gap to a five-point difference with Takumu and
Nakagawa’s counterattack, from there, it was one step forward,
one step back; only the remaining time steadily decreased.
However, at some point, Haruyuki had removed the timer and
even the score display from his consciousness. From the Gallery
came the occasional commotion, mixed with laughter, but none
of it reached Haruyuki’s ears.
Hah. Hah.
Listening only to his heavy breathing and the pounding of his
heart echoing in his ears, he focused intently on tracing the expected image for the next second. He had nothing left over for attacking, but if he could simply counterbalance the weight of the
opposing team and his own team one-for-one, the remaining four
players should be more than even.
Once they were down to two minutes left, the two players on
his team who had been guarding Ishio also went on the offensive,
pushing through the gaps in the bewildered enemy defense to
shove the ball through the hoop.
Three-point difference.
“Over here!”
Frustration building—and with good reason—Ishio returned to
the far end of his team’s side and raised a hand to accept the
throw-in directly. His two former guards from the red team tried
to obstruct his movement forward once more, but in a lightning-

fast spin, Ishio pulled out and away from them. Apparently, the
“real technique” of the basketball team regular had been locked
away until then.
Vision blurred by sweat, Haruyuki stood, paralyzed, in the face
of Ishio charging at him. One-on-one, dead-on, the Neurolinker
AR display was of absolutely no help to him.
Physical Burst!!
Haruyuki desperately fought back the urge to call out the command.
If he used Physical Burst—which accelerated his perceptions
by a factor of ten while his mind was still lodged in his physical
body—it would be a simple feat to steal the ball from Ishio, no
matter what dribbling technique he tried to use. But this so-called
cowardly acceleration was strictly forbidden by his Legion. And
besides, it was an insult to Ishio, who was taking on the challenge
of a true fight.
“Ah…Aaaaaah!” What Haruyuki could do unaccelerated was
simply shout as he spread out his arms as far as they would go.
The flesh-and-blood left hand of Ishio flashed before Haru’s
eyes, and the ball disappeared from view. The instant Haruyuki
realized Ishio was dribbling behind his back, Ishio was already
dashing past Haruyuki’s left side.
Even though he knew he couldn’t possibly catch up with the
enemy ace as he charged ahead toward his team’s basket,
Haruyuki went after him.
After he had run a few steps, an unfamiliar red font flashed before his eyes. A warning that his heart rate or his blood pressure
or something had gone outside the normal range. But he ignored
it. He resolutely chased after the hazy figure in the center of his
field of view, which was starting to flicker and white out around

the edges.
And then he stared, dumbfounded, as a silhouette as tall as
Ishio stood on the other side of the ace, blocking him. At some
point, Takumu had returned to directly below the basket. With
him going into a match-up defense, Ishio pulled out all the stops.
Ball between the legs—crossover.
“Hngh…Hah!” Spitting out the last of the air remaining in his
lungs, Haruyuki dove with everything he had toward the ball
Ishio was attempting to dribble behind his back.
The tips of his painfully outstretched hand touched the bumpy
rubber—or didn’t. Haruyuki wasn’t sure. Because his vision went
completely black then, and his thinking abruptly decelerated. The
front of his own body hit something big and hard, and just as he
realized it was likely the floor of the gymnasium, he heard a highpitched voice shout from somewhere in the distance.
“Haru!”
Definitely Chiyuri, who was herself in the middle of a game on
the neighboring court.
Come on. Focus on your own game. With this final thought,
listening to the footsteps racing over to him, Haruyuki lost consciousness.

Something thin was inserted into his mouth, so he tried sucking
on it, and a sweet, cold liquid flowed in. He drank it in a daze,
eyes still closed. After sending the liquid down to his stomach in
gulps that made it almost hard to breathe, he inhaled deeply.
When he tentatively opened his eyes, he was confronted with a
bright white light. He hurriedly closed his eyelids, blinked several
times, and then opened his eyes once more.

The source of the light was panels embedded in the ceiling.
That, and the white curtains enclosing his field of view in a
square. It would seem that this was not the gym. And beneath his
body was not the hard floor but rather smooth sheets—a bed.
Before he could wonder where he was, the curtain at the foot
of the bed was pulled open with a light sound.
“Oh! Arita, you’re awake?” Appearing there was a woman with
midlength hair pulled back, wearing a crisp white doctor’s coat
over a patterned T-shirt—Umesato Junior High’s health teacher.
Last name: Hotta. Which meant this was the nurse’s office, situated at the eastern end of the first floor of the school’s second
building.
“Oh…um…I…,” Haruyuki muttered, and an exasperated smile
appeared on Ms. Hotta’s somewhat masculine face.
“It’s important to try hard in games, but you have to watch
your own condition, too, okay?” she said. “If your blood pressure
had gotten any lower, you’d have been in an ambulance.”
“O-okay. I’m sorry.”
So that’s it. I collapsed in the middle of the basketball game
from anemia or dehydration or something, and they brought me
to the nurse’s office.
Now that he finally understood the situation, Haruyuki
glanced over at the time display in the lower right of his field of
view and saw that second period had started a long time ago. He
had apparently been unconscious—or sleeping—for over half an
hour.
The health teacher deftly flicked around her virtual desktop
and checked that Haruyuki’s vital signs were all back to normal
before nodding lightly. “Rest here during second period. And get
plenty of fluids, okay? I have a meeting in the teachers’ room to

go to, but don’t hesitate to press the call button if anything happens. Okay, be good!”
Shhk! The curtain was closed once more, and the sound of
footsteps softened by slippers receded. Finally, he heard the door
opening and closing, and then the nurse’s office returned to silence.
Ms. Hotta had probably stayed to watch over Haruyuki until
he woke up, even after the meeting started. What a hassle for
her. But, well, I guess it’s her job and all. Vague thoughts drifted
through his mind, while a thin straw stretched out again from the
left side of his face toward his mouth.
He took it unconsciously and sucked. A nicely chilled sports
drink poured pleasantly down his throat. Here, Haruyuki finally
wondered curiously just what the straw was attached to and
turned his gaze to the left. Maybe some automatic water-supply
device? It couldn’t be a robotic nurse?
But the straw extended from a completely uninteresting thermos. And holding the bottle was a pale, slender hand that did not
belong to Haruyuki.
As he gave commands to his still-decelerated thinking, his
gaze now stopped on this hand. The slender arm extended from
the sleeve of an open-collared black shirt. A dark-red ribbon on
the chest of that shirt. Piano-black Neurolinker equipped on the
graceful neck. Jet-black hair flowing over that.
“Bwhaaah!”
The instant he noticed the person sitting right next to the bed
—the existence of whom he hadn’t even been aware of until that
point—sports drink jetted forcefully from his mouth and nose. He
watched a drop of liquid fly onto that black shirt, and immediately, his temperature and heart rate shot up.

“I-I’m—” he shouted hoarsely, moving both hands in a panic.
“I’m sorry! W-wi-wipe it off or it’ll st-st-stain—”
“Mm. It will?” The person sitting on the simple folding chair
set the thermos on the bed in a calm motion. “I’ll wipe it off,
then.” She raised both hands and removed the hook-type ribbon
before unbuttoning the open-collared shirt from the top.
He saw the skin of her chest, impossibly pale, and even caught
a glimpse of the top of the gently rising curve.
“Hngoah!” Haruyuki uttered in a strange voice, throwing back
his head, unable to close his eyes. But fortunately—or so he
should say, at least—the two hands stopped their reckless movement.
“Kidding. Don’t worry about it getting wet. The fabric’s a
washable shape-memory polymer.” The person buttoning her
shirt back up, her expression unmoved, was of course the only
owner of a black uniform at Umesato Junior High, the student
council vice president, Haruyuki’s parent Linker and Legion Master, Kuroyukihime.
Seated with perfect posture on the chair, having returned her
shirt to its original state, the beauty in black clothing opened her
mouth once more, with a look on her face that allowed him to feel
a faint tremor beyond its sternness. “Haruyuki. Ms. Hotta said
this, too, and I won’t say that it’s bad to work as hard as you can
in gym class. But given that you have the Neurolinker right there,
you should heed the vitals warnings it sounds. This time, you
managed to get away with a little light dehydration. But if things
had taken a turn for the worse, this could have led to a serious incident.”
“I—I know. I’m sorry. I accidentally got caught up in the
game.” He had meant to fight hard, but the only result was that
his classmates had laughed at him, and in the end, he’d collapsed
during the game. And then news of that foolishness had spread

even to Kuroyukihime. Haruyuki hung his head, but her pale
right hand reached out to cover his left.
“You don’t have to apologize. I’m not reproaching you. It’s
simply…don’t make me worry too much.” Her voice dropped, and
he raised his head. Kuroyukihime murmured, her expression
more gentle, “When I heard from Chiyuri that you had collapsed,
I thought I might pass out myself, you know. I just barely kept
myself from using the forbidden physical acceleration command
to race to the nurse’s office.”
The forbidden command was the Physical Full Burst permitted
only to level-nine Burst Linkers. It was treated as a higher level of
the “Physical Burst” command that Haruyuki had almost used
facing off against Ishio, but Physical Burst couldn’t begin to compare with Full Burst. That was because not only was consciousness accelerated, but movement of the physical body in the real
world was also accelerated nearly a hundred times the normal
speed.
Of course, the price paid for this was nothing to scoff at. The
user lost 99 percent of their accumulated burst points and was, in
an instant, pushed to the brink of total loss. Kuroyukihime was
likely joking, but even so, Haruyuki reflexively shook his head
quickly back and forth.
“I-I’m glad you didn’t use it. I didn’t really collapse, it was
more like I was just too tired and got dizzy. So then Chiyu was the
one who told you?”
“Mm. At about the same time you were carried here. She’s
quite fair in that way.”
“F-fair?” When he cocked his head, not quite understanding
what she meant, a faint, wry smile crossed Kuroyukihime’s lips,
and she indicated her left side with her eyes.
“Chiyuri and Takumu were sitting here with me for a while,

until second period started. If they’d stayed, they would have
been counted absent, so I sent them back to class. They were very
worried. You should probably mail them.”
“R-right.”
Haruyuki nodded and launched the local net mailer from his
virtual desktop. To his two childhood friends, he sent a report
that he had regained consciousness and that there was nothing
wrong with him, along with a brief thank-you for staying with
him. And then he had an abrupt realization and looked at
Kuroyukihime. “Um, is it okay for you not to go to class? Skipping
without a note leaves a record on your permanent file, doesn’t—”
“Now, just who do you think I am? I submitted confirmation
that I’m a health aide, naturally. Ms. Hotta signed it for me easily
enough.” She grinned as she delivered this line, and he could only
feel sorry for how completely thoughtless his question had been.
Kuroyukihime changed the nuance of her smile slightly before
leaning forward. “To reward Chiyuri’s sense of fair play, I did
consider issuing an aide pass for her as well, but she understood
my selfishness,” she whispered mischievously. “After all, just yesterday, I used some tricks so we could be alone in the student
council office, but we couldn’t really have a real conversation.
Well, given the situation, that was unavoidable.”
“Oh. Uh. Yehuh.” At the shining, unutterable beauty of those
black eyes this close up, Haruyuki unconsciously turned away.
At lunch the previous day, Kuroyukihime had suddenly burst
into eighth grade’s class C and shouted that she was requesting
the immediate presence of the president of the Animal Care Club.
Having been appointed to that very position after announcing his
candidacy through a misunderstanding, Haruyuki had followed
her to the student council office, bracing himself to be yelled at
for some reason or another, when it turned out it was all simply
an excuse for the two of them to be alone together.

Of course, Haruyuki was also happy to talk with Kuroyukihime
alone—it was, in fact, a dreamlike experience beyond happiness.
But she was too impressive and important to him. It wasn’t
just that she was his parent as a Burst Linker and his Legion Master. She had saved his life, pulled him free of the bog, and given
him hope. The sword master he had sworn his absolute and eternal loyalty to. And that didn’t even begin to describe what she was
to him. Perhaps there was just one word that could sum her up:
miracle.
Kuroyukihime lived charging single-mindedly toward the distant stars, and although she had her own issues to deal with, she
had set her eyes on someone like Haruyuki, spoken to him, and
reached out to him; this could well be called a miracle. Now she
was at the center of his world, a massive jewel glittering dazzlingly. She was too beautiful, to the point where he felt she might
disappear if he touched her, nothing but a fleeting memory.
He had only recently been able to relax around her enough to
the point that he could speak normally, but when he realized they
were alone together in a closed room, his heart started to pound,
and his breathing became shallow. The current situation was
much more critical than the day before in the student council office. After all, they were neatly surrounded by thick white curtains
on all sides, and Haruyuki was lying in bed, with Kuroyukihime
pushing a hand over the edge of it, leaning forward and staring at
him.
His thoughts threatened to shoot off into some inexcusable
territory if he stayed silent, so Haruyuki forced himself to pull
back on the joystick and restart the conversation. “Uh, I’m sorry
about yesterday. Now that I think about it, I didn’t actually explain the situation to you.”
“Mm. Well, I got the gist of it from your mail. And I did want
you to tell me the details, but then you ended up here, and it all
flew completely out of my head.”

“I-I’m sorry.” He apologized for the second time in a row, rubbing the fingertips of both hands together.
The reason Haruyuki had raced out of the school and run
home the day before was because of his fear for Takumu, of
course. And instead of that fear being absolutely unfounded,
Haruyuki had discovered his best friend was on the verge of
falling completely under the control of the ISS kit. But through a
duel with Haruyuki, Takumu had gotten himself back, and the kit
itself had been completely destroyed in the fight in the BB central
server the night before.
Although he had given Kuroyukihime, Fuko Kurasaki, and
Utai Shinomiya a rough overview of all this in a mail after his
duel with Ash Roller that morning, he hadn’t been able to include
all the little details in its short message. Haruyuki himself didn’t
fully understand the events in the central server, and another,
more important matter had been added to his list of things to do
before the mission to escape the Castle commenced.
To wit, Ash Roller’s entirely unexpected “wish.”
Even though he should have had a million things to say to
Kuroyukihime, Haruyuki closed his mouth once more, unable to
figure out exactly where to start.
“Even still, that you would try so hard in gym class that you’d
collapse…,” Kuroyukihime said gently, as if she understood
Haruyuki’s confusion and was trying to ease it to some degree.
“Perhaps this might sound rude, but it’s a little unexpected.”
“Y-yeah. I was super surprised, too.”
“Did something change for you?”
At this question, he cocked his head, puzzled. Now that she
was asking, he did feel like there was something, but at the same
time, he felt like nothing at all had changed.

“Umm. It’s not that anything particular happened. But I was
messing up all over the place in the game, and Taku came and
said to me that the important thing was the image. So I decided
to at least stop playing the game with a negative image in my
head. And then I guess I just got into it before I knew it. That reminds me, I wonder how the game ended.”
“Takumu said you lost by one point.”
“We…did?”
According to his hazy memory, Haruyuki’s team had been
down three points with a minute or two left on the clock and opposing ace Ishio going on a serious offensive against them. If they
had narrowed that down to a one-point difference, then they had
blocked that swift offensive attack and managed to score on the
rebound, which is where the game ended. He figured Takumu
managed to pull that off with some shocking counterattack.
And then Kuroyukihime made a surprising statement, smile
on her lips. “The truth is, it was Takumu and one other boy, the
basketball player in your class, who carried you to the nurse’s office.”
“Huh? Ishio? Carried me?”
“Mm. He left a message for you. He said, ‘You crushed me this
time, but that trick won’t work on me again next time.’”
“Ah! Cr-crushed?! But I mean, his team won the game.”
“Apparently, his own personal definition of winning is that it’s
a loss unless he wins with a twenty-point difference.”
“H-huh, really?” He couldn’t tell if this message from Ishio
was humility or arrogance, and unconsciously, he smiled wryly.
The reason he had been able to stay in Ishio’s way during the
game was because the opposing team stubbornly refused to

change their strategy. If they played basketball in gym class and
he ended up against Ishio again, the simple method of using the
AR display to block him would no longer work. It was the same as
in Brain Burst duels or the Territories. In that world, too, succeeding a second time with a strategy that worked once was very
rare. Because it wasn’t an AI he was fighting, it was a human
being with his own image power.
His thoughts drifting along that thread, Haruyuki was
abruptly aware of the important “something” he had felt during
the game starting to flicker back to life in his mind. “Oh!”
“Mm? What is it?”
“Oh no. It’s no big deal. I mean, I might be way off, but…”
Pushed by Kuroyukihime’s gaze wordlessly encouraging him,
Haruyuki moved his mouth again before it came to a complete
halt. “…‘An image strongly projected from the consciousness…
overcomes restraints and becomes real.’”
Kuroyukihime’s eyes opened wide for an instant, and then she
smiled gently. “It had to have been Fuko who said that to you.”
“Th-that’s right. How did you know?”
“I told you before. She is the most genuine user of the positive
will I know. And those words are very Fuko, and her belief in the
light side of the Incarnate System above all else.”
Haruyuki didn’t think he completely understood the meaning
behind Kuroyukihime’s soft words. But not daring to ask her
about it, he continued speaking himself. “That’s obviously a description of the Incarnate System in the Accelerated World. But
when Takumu said that to me about one’s ‘image’ being important during the game, I just somehow thought, like, maybe when
we really try hard in this real world…we’re doing the same thing?
Of course, it’s not like we can use superpowers like Incarnate attacks on this side. But, like, my going up against the Ishio in a

basketball game or managing to clean the animal hutch by myself, it’s a miracle greater than superpowers for me. Umm, basically, I guess I’m trying to say…um…”
Here, Haruyuki reached the limit of his power of speech, and
all he could do was flap his mouth open and shut like always.
Fortunately, however, it looked like he had communicated
what he needed to say to Kuroyukihime. Her obsidian eyes
opened wide once more, and a long breath slipped past her glossy
lips. “Haruyuki. When exactly will you stop surprising me? I certainly never dreamed you would reach this mental state so
quickly, and under your own power at that.”
“Huh? M-mental state?” Haruyuki parroted back, dumbfounded.
“Yes.” Kuroyukihime peered into his eyes and nodded deeply.
“The words you’ve just given voice to are precisely the entrance to
the second stage of the Incarnate System. To move past the basic
expansions of range, power, defense, and movement and learn
the so-called practical techniques, you must understand exactly
what the imagination is not through reason, but rather through
intuition. Just how big, how deep this power given to us is, this
power to imagine.”
“Im…agine…”
“Mm. Up to now, you thought the overwriting through the
image that is the basis of the Incarnate System was a game system logic that existed only in the virtual world, yes? But that’s incorrect. Imagination holds unlimited power in this real world as
well. Of course, you can’t do anything that would defy the laws of
physics. But drawing on the aid of the power of the image, it is
possible to overwrite a wall that appears to be an absolute limit.
Just as you yourself proved during the basketball game.”
Kuroyukihime’s words shook Haruyuki somewhere deep in his

heart, but at the same time, they also generated a serious confusion in him. He unconsciously leaned forward and, staring at
Kuroyukihime—who similarly leaned forward—he asked in a
hoarse voice, “The power of imaging takes you beyond your limits. That fundamental is the same in the Accelerated World and
the real world. I feel like I basically get that. But how are that and
this ‘second stage of the Incarnate System’ connected?”
Kuroyukihime didn’t respond to his question right away. She
lowered her eyes, as if seized by uncertainty after having come
this far, and bit her lip lightly.
Haruyuki had the vague sense that he could guess at why.
Kuroyukihime carried a kind of fear about the Incarnate power
she had learned. She feared that her power—unlike the positive
power Fuko/Sky Raker used—was negative, calling up destruction and despair.
But Haruyuki fervently believed that couldn’t be true. Because
Kuroyukihime’s Incarnate attacks (though he had seen only her
long-range attack, Vorpal Strike) were so beautiful as to render
him speechless. Even if it was awesomely powerful, a technique
that beautiful couldn’t be the result of negative imaging.
“Kuroyukihime.” Haruyuki leaned a few centimeters closer
and gently touched her right hand with his left. “First, Raker, and
Niko after her, taught me very important things about the Incarnate System. But…you’re my ‘parent.’ I want to know everything
about you. I want you to teach me everything. Please. Please tell
me about your Incarnate.”
Her reply wasn’t quick in coming.
The sun at half past ten on that June morning had already
risen to very close to the center of the sky, and the light coming in
through the windows didn’t reach the corner on the other side of
the nurse’s office. In the space cut out by the snowy white curtains on all four sides of his bed, dimly illuminated by the lowered

light of the ceiling panel, only the sound of the two of them
breathing echoed faintly.
Finally, Kuroyukihime’s fingers moved gently to tangle themselves among Haruyuki’s. A subdued murmur followed. “In that
case, we’ll first need a direct cable.” As she lifted her face, the only
thing he saw there was the same enigmatic, mysterious smile as
always.
Haruyuki let out his breath and then said, panicking slightly,
“Ah! I-I’m sorry! My cable’s in my bag in the classroom.”
“Mine, too. But they have cables here.” As she spoke, Kuroyukihime manipulated her virtual desktop with a light touch, likely
searching the equipment list. She nodded soon enough, removed
her fingers from Haruyuki’s hand, stood up, and disappeared quietly beyond the curtain.
He could hear the sound of a drawer opening and closing, and
when she returned seconds later, her hand held a white XSB
cable. But…
“I-isn’t that a little short?” Haruyuki blurted the instant he saw
the cable, which looked to be just barely fifty centimeters long.
But Kuroyukihime shrugged lightly. “Then we just have to
make it reach. Fortunately, we’re out of view of the social cameras
here.”
“Huh? B-but how—?” he started to say, and then swallowed
his words hard.
Because Kuroyukihime hopped up onto the bed, entirely nonchalantly.
“Huh?! Um! That’s…” Belatedly, he realized he was still wearing his white gym clothes and pulled back. Thanks to the quickdrying fabric, his sweat had already dried, but he must have still

stunk.
But Kuroyukihime reached out her left hand, seeming to pay
all this no mind, and pushed gently on Haruyuki’s chest to make
him lie back down before lying down herself immediately to his
right. From extremely close up, she turned a somewhat mischievous smile on him.
As usual, the engine of his mind raced emptily while his heart
rate shot up into the red zone.
Her sigh contained a smile as it gently touched his ear. “Haha! After everything, it’s a bit late to get this nervous now. We did
sleep together in the same bed the night of the Hermes’ Cord
race, didn’t we?”
“Y—! Yee—! W-w-w-w-we did, but!”
The aforementioned race event had happened a mere two
weeks earlier in the Accelerated World, but because so many
things had happened since then, it seemed like something out of
the distant past. But the memory of that night was deeply etched
into the back of Haruyuki’s mind.
Then, too, they had direct-dueled from the same bed. Although Haruyuki had challenged Kuroyukihime over and over
again with his recently acquired Aerial Combo, she had fended off
his attacks effortlessly with her ever-more-powerful “way of the
flexible,” and in the end, he had taken a hit from her level-eight
technique Death By Embracing and been killed instantly.
I have a feeling it’s gonna turn into something like that this
time, too, Haruyuki thought as the girl brought the end of the
fifty-centimeter-short XSB cable toward his Neurolinker. Reflexively, he started to move his head away, but the plug was inserted
whether he liked it or not.
“Ah!”

Not heeding Haruyuki’s strangled cry, Kuroyukihime next
connected the plug on the opposite end to the piano-black communication device equipped around her slender neck. A wired
connection warning blinked red in his view.
“Yesterday, I made you use a point for my own selfishness. So
today, how about I treat you?” Those whispered words meant that
rather than both of them accelerating simultaneously to dive into
the initial blue world, Kuroyukihime alone would accelerate and
then challenge Haruyuki.
“O-okay. Thanks,” Haruyuki replied.
He watched her light-peach-colored lips move slightly to call
out, “Burst Link.”
And then the dry thunder of acceleration filled his hearing.

7
That day, the setting for their second duel was a Steel stage, every
inch of the landscape formed with riveted steel panels. As for the
characteristics of the stage, to begin with, it was hard. It conducted electricity well. And footsteps were abnormally loud. Even
more so when the duel avatar was a metal color, metallic down to
the soles of their feet.
Clang! came the high-pitched metallic impact as Haruyuki
dropped down onto the stage and waited for the sound of two
more feet, head lowered. However, he heard nothing even after a
few seconds had passed, so he lifted his face and surveyed his surroundings.
What was originally the Umesato Junior High nurse’s office
had changed into an empty cube, no beds, no desk. The floor,
walls, and ceiling were all thick panels of steel shining a sharp
rusted color. In line with Brain Burst’s starting-distance rule—
which stated that opponents who were basically on top of each
other in the real world should appear separated by a minimum of
ten meters in the Accelerated World—she stood quietly at the
room’s eastern wall.
Sleek, semitransparent jet-black armor, reminiscent of obsidian. Armor skirt patterned after water lilies, incredibly slender
body, mask that tapered into a V. And the long, sharp swords of
all four limbs that sent a chill up the spine…
Haruyuki took in the beautiful yet ferocious figure of the Black
King, Black Lotus, a sight he would never grow accustomed to no
matter how many times he saw it, and finally understood why he
hadn’t heard any footfalls. The sharply tapered points of her feet

floated above the floor, albeit by only a centimeter or so. She was
one of the few hovering avatars in the Accelerated World.
Kuroyukihime stayed like that a few more seconds, staring at
Haruyuki’s avatar, Silver Crow, but eventually, she moved forward as if gliding. She paused before him, and the violet-blue
eyes on the other side of her black mirrored goggles shone vibrantly.
“I can tell by just looking at you, Haruyuki. You made it
through yet another fierce battle.”
He quickly guessed that the words and their gentle echo were
referring to the intense fight between him and Takumu the
evening before. He still hadn’t explained to Kuroyukihime all the
details of the previous night through to that morning, but she had
apparently already seen through to the fact that he and Takumu
had spoken fist to fist as Burst Linkers.
And she was right; it had been a painful, difficult fight. To
bring his friend back from the dark wrappings of the ISS kit,
Haruyuki had lost his left arm and wing; he had kept standing
even as his entire body had split and cracked into pieces. Encouraged by the mysterious golden-yellow girl, he had summoned the
Destiny—albeit just one arm of it—the original form of the Armor
of Catastrophe, and mustered every ounce of his Incarnate.
The end result was that Takumu had released his special attack upon himself in order to save Haruyuki from the clone of the
ISS kit that had been about to parasitize him, and Haruyuki could
see even now how that battle lingered on inside himself. If he had
to put it into words, it might have been the feeling of confidence
in himself. It was precisely because this confidence existed that,
in the battle that took place within Brain Burst’s mysterious central server, he had been able to release his new Incarnate attack
with a range that surpassed his Laser Sword.
However, shrinking back at being praised was second nature

to Haruyuki, and he hung his head, rubbing at both arms. “N-no,
that’s—I mean, someone’s always coming to my rescue and
stuff…”
“Ha-ha! That you’re able to think like that is already proof of
your growth.” Kuroyukihime laughed briefly and lightly patted
Haruyuki’s back with the flat of her sword hand. “Now show me,
Haruyuki. Everything about this new Incarnate attack you’ve
learned.”
Here he truly and desperately wanted to squirm and fidget
again, but they were in the Normal Duel Field rather than the Unlimited; they could stay here for only a mere 1,800 seconds.
Given that Incarnate training generally took several weeks at
least to learn a single technique, thirty minutes was too short. He
couldn’t waste a single second.
Haruyuki took a deep breath, stored it in his abdomen, and
nodded. “Okay. Here I go.”
Taking a few steps forward, he stopped about three meters
away from the windows on the south side of the empty room.
Originally, snow-white wallpaper had covered the walls, but
now they were panels of rust-colored steel. Each and every rivet
in the grid punched into those panels communicated an overwhelming hardness. But that hardness was, in the end, nothing
more than a parameter registered in the server. It should be possible to overwrite it with his will to pierce it.
Haruyuki slowly lowered into a fighting stance and readied his
left hand at his waist, lining up his fingers as if for a palm strike.
When he imagined a piercing light concentrating into his fingertips, the silver light of his overlay began to illuminate the dim
room. As he focused on his image, a faint resonance echoed, and
the light moved up his left arm to the elbow. Although the activation speed of his Incarnate was faster than it used to be, Haruyuki
was unaware of the fact as he slowly pulled back his left hand.

“Laser Sword!!” At the same time as he shouted the name, he
twisted his hips sharply and thrust his left arm forward.
Skrrriiiink! With a crisp sound, silver light in the shape of a
sword stretched more than two meters from his left hand and
gouged deeply into the thick steel wall.
However, not stopping there, Haruyuki pulled his right leg far
back and readied his right arm above his shoulder, rather than at
his waist. He brought back his left arm and positioned it horizontally, level in front of his body. This time, the fiercely glittering
silver light was born in his right arm.
“Yaaaaah!” The battle cry gushed naturally from his mouth.
The sharp tip of the light extending a dozen or so centimeters
from his right hand met the back of his left hand—and shot forward.
“Laser Lance!!”
He had launched the technique only once before, that very
morning in a dream—and drawing on the help of Chiyuri to boot
—but Haruyuki was confident he could do it again. The gleam of
the Incarnate discharged in the shape of a lance hit the precise
spot where the wall had been damaged three seconds earlier by
the light sword digging into it, savagely piercing the area once
more.
The lance of light, momentarily stopped, broke apart into several ribbons and disappeared. Immediately after that, the steel
plate of the wall itself shattered into pieces and scattered, apparently unable to fully absorb the power it had been hit with. On the
other side of the large hole that appeared, one of the steel pillars
that stood in the space corresponding to the front yard of Umesato Junior High in the real world was sliced in half and toppled
to the ground with a heavy thud.
It was easily ten meters between Haruyuki and the pillar. The

sword of light he had released actually reached more than three
times his normal swing range.
“Phew.” Haruyuki let out a sigh and lowered both hands, while
behind him, he could hear a crisp clang, like a bell ringing. When
he turned around, Kuroyukihime was bringing together the
swords of both arms to create something like applause.
“Wonderful. Wonderful imagination, Haruyuki.”
“Uh…Th-thank you.” As always, unaccustomed to being complimented, the boy bowed his head, even as he pulled in his neck.
But he yanked his head back up again at what came next from his
Legion commander.
“This Incarnate of yours is already essentially in the domain of
completion as a basic range-expansion technique. Both the Laser
Sword—the sword you can extend from either hand at high
speeds for hand-to-hand combat—and the Laser Lance, which releases the power built up in your right hand for midrange combat
—are good techniques with clear, conscious targets. However, because of that, although you can of course refine the techniques
and polish the accuracy of your sights or the speed of activation,
you can’t expect any great leaps and bounds forward.”
“Huh?”
So does that mean my Incarnate…ends here? Haruyuki’s
shoulders started to drop at the thought, but stopped abruptly as
Kuroyukihime continued:
“It’s a little soon to be disappointed. I just told you, the Incarnate System has a second stage.” Hovering soundlessly toward
him, she lowered her voice and murmured as if admonishing a
small child. “You…Your will contains infinite possibilities. Everything starts with you believing that. The techniques you showed
me now belong to one of the four basic types of Incarnate: range
expansion. Although the various basic techniques might look dif-

ferent, if they are of the same type, then the essential performance is very similar. Do you understand so far?”
“Y-yes.” Nodding, Haruyuki remembered the unique range-expansion technique that Niko—the Red King, Scarlet Rain—had
shown him.
Niko’s technique launched a high-speed ball of fire living in
her hand to burn up the distant object she targeted. The longrange technique clearly surpassed Haruyuki’s, given that it
launched so quickly that she had no need to even shout the name
of the attack and it easily traveled fifty meters. But even so, all
these techniques shared the essential nature of being a single
long-distance attack.
As if waiting for Haruyuki to come to this understanding,
Kuroyukihime nodded and raised her right sword slowly as she
spoke. “In contrast, the second stage of the Incarnate is, to wit,
the practical technique. Here, you combine two or more of the
four basic types of images, or you materialize an entirely new
image to bring about an even larger overwrite. Rust Jigsaw’s Rust
Order, which destroyed the race before, and Fuko’s Wind Veil,
which protected us from that attack, are indeed this kind of second-stage techniques.”
“And your Vorpal Strike’s also like that, right? That technique
combines range and power expansions, doesn’t it?”
“Mm.” Kuroyukihime nodded, a tint of embarrassment showing on the other side of her half–mirrored face mask—or maybe it
was just his imagination. “Well…I guess that’s how it is. Although
it might be more accurate to say that’s how it ended up. At any
rate, Haruyuki, the time has finally come for you to proceed to
this second stage.”
The first part of her statement was curious indeed, but he
didn’t have time to think about what she meant. He stood up tall
and shouted, “O-okay! I’ll do my best!” However, here, another

doubt floated up in the back of his mind. “Um, but before, in the
nurse’s office, you said something about how…to learn the second
stage of Incarnate, I had to understand the meaning of the power
of imagination or whatever in the real world, too, right? What
specifically does that mean?”
“Mm-hmm. Well, that is—” Kuroyukihime cut herself off and
stared at the tip of her right hand, the sharp sword still held up
before her. For some reason, a faint hint of tension drifted across
her purple-blue eyes, and she continued in a murmur, “It’s hard
to convey the meaning in words, so how about we shift to a show?
The truth is, Haruyuki, recently, I’ve also been tackling a new
practical technique.”
“What…” Swallowing hard, he stared at the black avatar’s
mask. A new practical technique—a super attack power surpassing Vorpal Strike? And she was going to show it off in this tiny
room?
“Oh! Th-then, we should go out…,” Haruyuki started to say,
and Kuroyukihime stopped him by shaking her head lightly.
“No, it’s not that grand. There’s more than enough space
here.”
Then the Black King turned the tip of her right sword precisely
on Haruyuki and stood perfectly still.
Wait. What? I’m the test platform for the new technique?
Actually, that’s totally possible. I mean, she’s the master and
shield sister of Sky Raker, and Raker didn’t hesitate to shove me
off the top of the old Tokyo Tower. Which means it wouldn’t be
the slightest bit weird if Kuroyukihime’s way of teaching the Incarnate was even more spartan than Sky Raker’s. Don’t be
scared. You’re lucky. I mean, to be the first person to experience
the as-yet-undisclosed technique of undoubtedly the strongest
person in the Accelerated World…There’s no better training than

this. Stand tall and take the hit.
His thoughts bounding ahead in a mere millisecond, Haruyuki
gritted his teeth and held his breath.
Right hand still extended before her, Kuroyukihime narrowed
her eyes beneath her goggles, the same air of concentration drifting up around her. At the tip of the sharp sword, a yellow light—
an overlay—popped up. Pulsing faintly, the light thinly enveloped
an area about twenty centimeters from the tip of the sword.
Watching this with wide eyes, Haruyuki felt a slight pinch of
confusion.
Because…it was warm. The light enveloping the sword was so
gentle, so fleeting, and so warm that he couldn’t actually believe it
could generate massive devastation.
But at the same time, in contrast with the tranquility of the
light, Haruyuki knew that Kuroyukihime was mustering up every
ounce of imagination in her entire body. Her slender avatar trembled; her legs shook intermittently.
“Haruyuki…Your hand.”
Before he stopped to think about—and get confused by—her
words, Haruyuki stretched out his own right hand as though
compelled. His finger approached the tip of the sword the girl extended and gently touched it. If Kuroyukihime’s Incarnate was an
attack type, then at this point, she would generate an overlay, and
Haruyuki’s fingers would drop off, regardless of how hard his
metallic armor might be.
But that didn’t happen. Instead, something he hadn’t even
thought to anticipate was made incarnate.
The sharp black sword melted away.
The tip split into four. And then one more a little below that.

Separated into a total of five pieces, the slender, delicate organs
caught the light coming in through the large hole in the wall and
glittered brightly.
This—
Fingers. A hand.
A modest transformation generating absolutely no sound or
light other than the hazy overlay.
Haruyuki reflexively wondered why she would deliberately
lower her attack power before finally realizing something: that a
practical Incarnate technique could be an incredible miracle, surpassing even the most massive range attack.
No Burst Linker could learn an Incarnate that was not in
alignment with their own attributes. The Red King, Niko, had
once told him that this was the basic principle of the Incarnate
System.
Judging from her form, her limbs clearly swords, the attribute
of the Black King was obviously “severance.” She cut through
everything she touched. Rejected it. An aloof black lotus flower
unable to approach anyone. There was still so much that even her
sole “child,” Haruyuki, didn’t know about Kuroyukihime. No matter how close they were, looking at each other, no matter how
they talked alone together, the depths of her heart were shrouded
in a deep darkness, invisible to him.
But he felt like this was okay. That it was even a part of the
beauty of this person Kuroyukihime.
And yet at that moment, she was showing him that she rejected her own attribute. She was showing him that she had
negated the words she had once spoken to him—“I don’t even
have a hand to hold”—with her imagination.

This Incarnate certainly contained a kind of declaration. That
as the leader of Nega Nebulus, she would face the members in a
different form than in the past. That she would reach out a hand,
open her heart, and form real bonds in not just the Accelerated
World but in the real world, too.
“Kuro…yukihime…” Murmuring her name, Haruyuki realized
with a sharp pain that he really did know nothing about the person before him. That he had used the superficial words aloof
beauty without knowing anything at all.
His vision blurred and twisted. Tears welled up beneath
Haruyuki’s mirrored mask as he gently intertwined the fingers of
his right hand with those five wire-thin digits. Jet-black and
white silver touched, and he was aware of a fleeting warmth. And
then—
A hard, ephemeral sound, like millions of tiny bells ringing,
accompanied Kuroyukihime’s right hand shattering into tiny
shards of crystal.
“Ah!” The cry slipped out of Haruyuki at the same time the girl
collapsed, as if she had used the last of her strength. Automatically, he stretched out his right arm to support her slender waist.
Black Lotus held up to her chest the arm she had lost almost to
the elbow and took shallow breaths for a while as if—no, most
certainly—enduring pain. But finally, she lifted her head and said
calmly, “Seventeen seconds. Breaks the old record by a considerable margin. I suppose…it’s because you’re here.”
The declaration implied that Kuroyukihime had attempted
this “practical Incarnate” technique and smashed her own hand
countless times before that moment.
“Kuroyukihime.” Haruyuki replied with this one word in a
trembling voice, unable to hold back the emotion swelling up inside him. Spurred by impulse, he squeezed the avatar in his arms

and said earnestly, “Kuroyukihime. Thank you so much. I feel like
I understand—to learn the second-level Incarnate, you have to
confront not your duel avatar but your own real-world self, right?
You have to constantly think about what you’re afraid of, what
you hope for, what image you’ll create, not just in the Accelerated
World but in the real world, too. That’s it, isn’t it?”
“That’s it exactly.” The voice in his ear was so quiet, it was
practically soundless, but it echoed crisp and clear in the duel
stage they shared. “For those who use a purely negative will, this
process is unnecessary. Because rage and hatred and despair are
indivisible from one’s real-world self right from the start. However, to generate a positive will—the power of hope—the process
of inverting mental scars is absolutely essential. You face head-on
your own trauma, shaped into the form of a duel avatar. You accept it, and you sublimate it into an image of hope. This is no easy
feat. It’s simple to fall into the holes in your heart, but the climb
out is a steep one. I’ve spent vast amounts of time as a Burst
Linker, and even I can barely manage to change my sword into
fingers. However…”
She paused and looked up into Haruyuki’s eyes, so close their
masks were practically touching. “But you should be able to do it.
You realized all on your own what the image is, after all.”
This was perhaps a situation where normally, he’d reflexively
cry out, I can’t, or Me?! But right now at least, Haruyuki brushed
aside that timid insect and nodded deeply. Their masks bumped
against each other, but he maintained that contact and said,
“Okay. I…I’ll try. Although I probably won’t make it in time for
the mission tonight. Still I’ll fight, I’ll find it. My image of hope.”
“Mm. I’ll fight, too. So that next time I can hold it at least
thirty seconds, and hold your hand properly.” This time, her murmur contained the force to fluster Haruyuki as usual.
“Uh! Um! Uh.” Blinking rapidly beneath his silver mask,
Haruyuki managed to reply somehow. “R-r-right. And using the

Instruct menu and stuff’s probably more fun with hands.”
Instantly, the violet-blue eyes before him glittered dangerously, and the chill in her voice increased slightly. “I suppose. I
was planning to make this duel a draw for you, but the operation
is a bit of a hassle without hands, so I’ll just have to win like I always do.”

Fortunately, Kuroyukihime used the sword of her left hand to accept the draw request Haruyuki submitted.
The direct duel over and now back in the real world, Haruyuki
stared vacantly at the ceiling for a few seconds before finally becoming conscious of the situation all over again. He was lying in a
bed in the nurse’s office with Kuroyukihime right beside him,
their bodies pressed up together like a romantic comedy manga
from the last century—
“Haruyuki.”
The soft breath touched his left ear, and after a jerk of surprise, Haruyuki timidly looked in that direction. Instantly, he forgot his nervousness and his surprise and opened his eyes wide.
Still lying on her side on the sheet, Kuroyukihime was staring
intently at her own pale right hand. Her small, shiny, pearlescent
nails glittered, reflecting the illumination from the light panels
above them. She blinked her dark eyes once and then shifted
them to focus on him.
“Haruyuki, I wonder if you remember. The day I gave you your
first lecture about Brain Burst…I reached out a hand to you in the
initial acceleration space and asked you, ‘Do these two virtual meters feel that far to you?’”
How could he forget? At that time, Haruyuki had averted his
eyes from the outstretched hand and answered in his heart that

they did indeed.
Kuroyukihime nodded sharply, her smile blurred with a plaintiveness as she continued. “The truth is…those two meters were
far for me as well. Because for a long time—a really long time—I
didn’t offer my hand to anyone. I had been afraid for so long to
hold someone else’s hand. Even my Legion members, people I
should have been emotionally connected with—Fuko, Utai, Current, Graph—I rejected their hands in perhaps the truest sense of
the word. But, well, ever since the day I met you in the virtual
squash corner—No, before that, ever since I noticed the little
form of a pink pig running as hard as he could, head hanging,
avoiding people’s eyes, in a corner of the local net…”
Here, Kuroyukihime closed her mouth. But Haruyuki felt certain that he had caught the words she couldn’t speak, even
through the direct cable that still connected them.
Another smile and a faint murmur. “So, Haruyuki? Have we
crossed those two meters?”
He couldn’t say anything in reply. The feelings welling up in
him were simply too great and filled his heart. Instead, he mustered up every bit of courage he had and raised both hands to
wrap them around the pale right hand she still held in the air.
It was warm. The same warmth as the hand of Black Lotus
that he had touched for a brief instant in the Steel stage. It seeped
into the palms of his hands, to be transmitted to his nervous system and shine golden in the center of his consciousness.
Kuroyukihime raised her left hand as well and placed it over
Haruyuki’s right. The only things that existed in the world filled
with warm light were their four hands intertwined and her calm,
beautiful, smiling face.
The girl slowly lowered her long lashes, changing the angle of
her face. As if sucked in, Haruyuki leaned his torso forward

slightly. Kuroyukihime also brought her body closer in the same
way, eyes still closed. Now there were only a mere fifteen centimeters between him and her pale face—and its peach lips. They
drew a little closer. Down to ten centimeters.
The clatter of the door sliding open put a stop to things.
Kuroyukihime pulled herself away from him so fast, she practically teleported. In one swoop, she yanked out the direct cable,
leapt off the bed, and returned to the chair beside it. A mere two
seconds later, the edge of a white curtain was lifted, and the face
of Ms. Hotta appeared.
“How’re you feeling, Arita?”
Haruyuki was frozen in place, eyes and mouth all gaping, and
the teacher furrowed her brow.
“Your face is pretty red. Maybe your temperature’s gone up
again?”
“No. I’m fine.” This was as much of an answer as he could
manage.
Meanwhile, Kuroyukihime sat neatly on the chair, face perfectly calm, not even a drop of sweat on her forehead. Her powers
of mental control were formidable, truly. At some point, her
hands had even picked up the thermos once more.
As she proffered the straw of that very thermos in a gesture
perfectly befitting a health aide, Haruyuki had no choice but to
accept it and suck.

8
During the ten-minute break at the end of second period,
Haruyuki changed out of his gym clothes, back into his uniform,
and returned to eighth grade’s class C.
Immediately after he pulled the door open and set foot inside,
he was showered in no small amount of applause, and he froze in
place. When he thought about it, though, he didn’t know what it’d
be like when a frail girl collapsed from anemia or something, but
if a boy collapsed from trying too hard in a regular gym class, that
was basically comedy gold. Pulling in his head and bobbing it in
small bows, Haruyuki dashed to his seat, sat down just as the bell
sounded for third period, and heaved a sigh of relief.
When he lifted his face, his eyes met those of Chiyuri, who was
looking back with an expression of concern from her desk, which
sat kitty-corner to the front and right of his. He gave her a nod to
say that he was fine and glanced back at Takumu, behind him,
searching for brief eye contact.
Takumu’s expression was actually apologetic; he apparently
thought it was because of his advice about the image being important that Haruyuki had tried so hard that he collapsed.
It’s not your fault. In fact, thanks to you, I realized something
important. Thank you. Putting this thought into his gaze, he
started to grin, and Takumu also finally turned the corners of his
mouth up slightly.
During third and fourth periods, lunch, and then his afternoon
classes, Haruyuki studied with half his brain while the other half
thought furiously about what second-level Incarnate he could

find and nurture.
He understood that he had a far more pressing duty to focus
on at that moment: Castle Escape Mission Part II, scheduled for
seven o’clock that evening and closing in fast. He had to dive into
the Unlimited Neutral Field with Ardor Maiden aka Utai Shinomiya, meet the mysterious young azure samurai Trilead
Tetroxide again, and, with his help, return alive from the Castle
and the territory of the Four Gods. Considering the fact that they
would be plunged into the terrifying state of Unlimited Enemy
Kill if they were defeated by even one of the samurai avatars patrolling the interior of the Castle, much less the God Suzaku, no
matter how much he focused on the mission, it would never be
too much.
But Haruyuki simply couldn’t stop himself from thinking
about his own Incarnate. Because at the moment, he had one
other situation he couldn’t put off for later: the fact that he was
going to initiate his eternal rival—or that’s how it had turned out
at any rate—the fin de siècle motorcycle-riding Burst Linker, Ash
Roller.
When Ash had abruptly asked him to teach him the Incarnate
System in their last duel before school, Haruyuki had been
stunned into silence for almost a full five seconds. Once he somehow managed to get his brain moving again, the very first thing
he asked was, to him, the most natural question in the world.
“Wh-why me?”
And the century-end rider had said, “It’s just, you’re, you
know. You’re, like, Master Raker’s apprentice, right? So then,
like, you’re my junior or my bro or something?”
It took him another second to understand that bro meant
younger apprentice, and he stopped himself from retorting that
bro didn’t exactly make clear what their relationship was at all.
He instead replied with a more practical question. “Th-then

shouldn’t you get Raker to teach you properly? You’re her child,
Ash. I’m sure she’d teach you very nicely, regardless of the fact
that you’re in different Legions. She’d make sure to take the time
and do it right.”
“That’s just it. That ‘do it right’ is the whole problem.”
Haruyuki caught an echo of something like fear in the voice
slipping out from beneath the skull mask and instantly understood what the issue was for Ash. It was like he was scared—no,
he actually was scared. Of the terrifying spartan teaching style in
which Sky Raker aka Fuko Kurasaki “did it right” and pushed
Haruyuki off the top of the old Tokyo Tower to initiate him into
the Incarnate System two months earlier.
“Um,” Haruyuki said, after staring at Ash Roller out of the corner of his eye for a while. “This might sound a bit grandiose, but…
the Incarnate System isn’t so easy as that. I mean, just getting it
without working hard like some dodgy Neurolinker study kit or
something—”
“Don’t be a Chatty Cathy about every tiny deet! I get it! Mighty
me’s totally comprendés!” Ash shouted, and the palm of a gloved
hand was thrust before Haruyuki’s eyes. “But let me just say this.
The lesson you got from Master was the mild version, special for
guests!”
“Huh? Th-that was?”
“One hundred percent! And, like, basically, my masterful
self’s, like…Dunno if I should say it like this, but I’m not planning
to learn the Incarnate System and then go running around the
Unlimited Neutral Field ripping danger dudes to shreds or something. Only gonna use the Incarnate tech in one fight—maybe just
one time. All I gotta do is slam tough-guy action on Kid U, who’s
swallowed up by the ISS kit, and get him to wake up already.
That’s all.”

At that unexpected pronouncement, Haruyuki considered the
skull face’s profile.
Face turned up to the sky of the stage, Ash Roller muttered in
a quiet voice tinged with an usual gravity, “For my mighty self,
Brain Burst’s basically nothing but a fighter.”
And when Ash said this, Haruyuki couldn’t bring himself to reject his rival’s request. Because Haruyuki himself was the one
who told Ash Roller that now was the time to strike a blow
against Bush Utan and destroy his ISS kit.
The duel time ended there, so Haruyuki didn’t get the chance
to say yes or no to Ash’s wish, but he was sure his intention—that
he had resolved to grant this wish—had been conveyed to his
longtime rival.
As half his brain spun and whirled in thought, the bell sounding the end of sixth period rang, and the air in the classroom suddenly perked up.
The sixth-period teacher left, to be replaced by their homeroom teacher, Sugeno, and the short homeroom session began. At
the end of the various announcements, when the matter of Arita
passing out in first period was brought up, Haruyuki gratefully
accepted the wise words “Giving it your all’s fine, but the golden
rule of the athlete is to properly self-monitor,” and then the bell
for the end of the day rang.
He first talked briefly with Chiyuri and Takumu about the
plans for that evening before his friends ran off to track and
kendo practice, respectively. They confirmed the general gist of
things—once they were done with practice and club work, they
would change and meet at Haruyuki’s, have a meeting with the
whole Legion, and start the Castle escape mission—and then
parted for the time being.
Haruyuki changed into his sneakers at the outside doors, and

while he headed toward the rear school yard by himself to take
care of his club duties, he kept intently asking himself the same
question.
Perhaps it was because these doubts still existed in the bottom
of his heart that he had felt a slight impatience with Kuroyukihime in the nurse’s office, as he sought instruction in Incarnate.
If it was just about technical knowledge of the Incarnate System—a conscious use of imagination circuits, which were a subtextual control system in Brain Burst—he could brag that he had
learned it to some extent. But Incarnate was not simply a technique. It held an overwhelming power outside the game rules, but
it also carried the terrifying risk of the player’s own mind being
pulled down into dark places. This was no mere metaphor. For
Burst Linkers who unlocked a negative will, even their personalities in the real world were twisted. Like the marauder Dusk
Taker. And Takumu the previous day.
If he was going to initiate someone into the Incarnate, he had
to make sure to carefully warn them not to be pulled to that dark
side. It probably wouldn’t be enough to explain the danger in
words. First, he would need to show actual examples of the miracles that the Incarnate could bring about. Like Sky Raker making
her wheelchair dance without using her limbs or Black Lotus
turning her sword into a hand.
From this point of view, Haruyuki’s Laser Sword and Laser
Lance were fairly weak. As a phenomenon, they were nothing
more than one-off attack techniques. There was any number of
other Burst Linkers who had special attacks with the same range
and power.
If he really intended to lecture Ash Roller on the Incarnate
System, then rather than the four basic technique types,
Haruyuki would have to show him what Kuroyukihime called a
second-stage power. If he couldn’t, then he probably wasn’t qualified to teach anyone about Incarnate.

“Still, that said…,” Haruyuki muttered with a sigh as he
rounded the second school building from the east side and
walked along the mossy backyard.
In the nurse’s office, Kuroyukihime had said that to learn the
second stage of Incarnate, he needed to face his own flesh-andblood self head-on and invert the mental scars that were the template for his avatar, in order to give birth to an image of hope. But
to be honest, Haruyuki didn’t really understand himself why he
was born as Silver Crow—a metal color with slender limbs, a
smooth head, and ten metal fins.
He’d wanted a thin body because he was fat. He’d dreamed of
flying because he lived his life crawling along on the ground. It
was easy to say that. But for some reason, he felt like that wasn’t
the whole of it. After all, this theory had nothing to say about the
reason for the metal color.
Then he suddenly heard a faint voice: And it’s basically for
sure that peeps with a mental-scar-shell strength that goes beyond a certain level turn into metal colors…
He froze on the spot and looked around.
It was the slightly husky voice of a girl. But there was no one in
the dim yard. He listened hard once more, but the only sounds he
heard were the shouts of the sports teams practicing on distant
grounds and the members of the band tuning their instruments
in the music room.
But he wasn’t just hearing things. Because even if Haruyuki
had known the phrase “mental scar shell,” he didn’t know any
girls around here who used the Kansai dialect the voice spoke in.
Throb.
Suddenly, a point in the center of his back, between his shoulder blades, ached fiercely. Unthinkingly, he staggered and put a

hand out against the wall of the school building beside him.
Throb. Throb. The pain just wouldn’t go away.
It wasn’t muscle pain from gym first period. Haruyuki already
knew this pain wasn’t coming from some abnormality within his
body.
“Ngh…Why, now…that,” he muttered hoarsely, clenching his
fists and enduring the agony.
Exactly. That: the Armor of Catastrophe parasitizing Silver
Crow, the Enhanced Armament “the Disaster,” born from the
mutation of the Destiny Arc—it was excited.
Smash. In his ears, a fierce bestial voice roared, entirely different from the previous voice. Kill. All of them…Rip them apart…
Chew them up…Eat them!
Haruyuki, still leaning against the wall, groaned at the heat of
the rage and hatred that enveloped this voice; it instilled a terrible fear in him.
Two weeks before, in the final stage of the Hermes’ Cord race,
Haruyuki had been carried away by his rage toward Rust Jigsaw
and summoned the armor. Although it had basically controlled
him for a time, Chiyuri’s special attack Citron Call Mode II had
rewound time for his avatar, and the armor had returned to a
parasitic state—a fragment of a hook wire left behind by the fifth
Chrome Disaster, Cherry Rook.
He hadn’t heard the armor’s voice since, but the previous
evening, when he was fighting Takumu, who was on the verge of
being swallowed up by the ISS kit, Haruyuki had tried to summon
the original form of the armor, the Destiny, to bring him back.
And although it hadn’t been the Armor of Catastrophe itself, the
parasitic element might have awoken in the summoning process.
But. As he endured the pulses of lightning-like pain, Haruyuki

felt something was out of place somehow. This was…different
from the voice of the armor before, he felt. The brutal destructive
urge was the same, but behind that lay some massive emotion,
beyond the anger and hatred. An emotion that howled and raged
and…wailed.
If he simply closed his eyes and ears to it, the voice would pass
at some point, but Haruyuki unconsciously tried to tune his consciousness to it.
Instantly, an intense pain, the most powerful yet, enough to
make him dizzy, raced up his spine to the center of his head, and
he fell to his knees on the ground. His hearing was filled with a
ferocious howling.
Smash. Smash. Smash smash eat eat eat eat eat eat!!
…This is…sadness…? Are you crying…?
The response to Haruyuki’s questioning was a third merciless
burst of pain. Unable to even groan now, he squeezed his eyes
shut and pitched forward, about to fall onto the moss-covered
ground.
Before he could, someone supported his shoulders with small
hands from the front. A soft, gentle sensation enveloped his
upper body. Before he could comprehend that someone was holding him up, Haruyuki wrapped his arms around that someone,
clinging to them for dear life.
The someone was cool, a temperature to soothe and calm and
absorb blazing crimson flames. Each time the small hands patted
his back, the pulses of pain receded.
He let out a long breath and released the tension from his stiffened body.
Brain still half-frozen, he absently opened his eyes to see thin

concentric lines of deep crimson against a black background, like
the sparks from incense on a summer evening. It took a little time
for him to realize they were pupils—eyes.
He pulled his head back just a little, and his field of view grew.
Fifteen centimeters in front of him was the face of a young girl,
large eyes open wide and looking worried.
Neatly trimmed front fringe. The rest of her hair was tied back
with a slender ribbon. A surprisingly thin neck, and a white
dress-type uniform below that. A brown school backpack on the
shoulders—
“Shi…nomi…ya…?” Haruyuki asked hoarsely, and the girl nodded sharply.
Utai Shinomiya, the nonschool member of the Umesato Junior
High Animal Care Club, of which Haruyuki was president. Fourth
grader in the elementary division of Matsunogi Academy, a member of the same business group as Umesato. And in the Accelerated World, Ardor Maiden, a level-seven Burst Linker who had
once occupied one corner of the Four Elements, the upper echelon of the first Nega Nebulus.
Haruyuki let out a thin sigh of relief at the appearance of
someone he could trust unconditionally and tried to pull his face
—still far too close to hers—back a little more.
But he couldn’t. Because both his arms were wrapped tightly
around Utai’s body, which was small even for her age.
After looking down for about two seconds at Utai’s dress and
his own round stomach pressed together, Haruyuki finally realized his position—as though he was unafraid of divine wrath raining down on him—and shouted out, “Noheeeah!”
His arms swung out to the sides, spring-loaded, and he
jumped back half a meter, still on his knees. “I—! I-I’m sorry! I-

it’s not like that. That’s not what…” He waved both hands wildly.
A red system message popped up in the middle of his virtual
desktop. Without checking that it was a request for an ad hoc
connection, he hit the YES button. A chat window had no sooner
appeared in the bottom part of his field of view than Utai’s
adorable fingers were typing furiously in the air.
UI> THERE’S NO NEED TO FEEL AWKWARD,
LIKELY OUT OF VIEW OF THE SOCIAL CAMERAS.

ARITA. THIS IS MOST

I-is it? So then isn’t that actually way worse?
Rather than giving voice to this fleeting thought, Haruyuki
tried a more rational approach. “Uh, umm, I was walking along
and I got a little dizzy, probably just from pushing too hard in
gym class, but I’m okay now, sorry to worry—”
But as if seeing right through him, Utai cut off his speech with
a gentle, sad smile. She stood up from where she was kneeling on
the ground with him before moving her fingers once more at a
slightly lower speed.
UI> YOU DON’T NEED TO PANIC LIKE THAT. I UNDERSTAND. WHAT YOU
EXPERIENCED NOW IS MOST LIKELY SOMETHING CALLED “OVERFLOW.”
“O-over…flow?” He cocked his head at this word he was hearing, or rather seeing, for the first time. But the string of text that
followed made Haruyuki open his eyes wide.
UI> THE HIGHER-LEVEL VERSION OF ZERO FILL. IF ZERO FILL IS AN
EMPTY WILL—RESIGNATION AND HELPLESSNESS FILLING YOUR HEART, RENDERING YOU UNABLE TO MOVE—THEN OVERFLOW IS A NEGATIVE WILL:
OVERFLOWING WITH RAGE, HATRED, AND DESPAIR, AND LOSING CONTROL.
OF COURSE, THIS IS ESSENTIALLY A PHENOMENON THAT HAPPENS TO THE
AVATAR IN THE ACCELERATED WORLD, BUT I’VE HEARD IT ALSO HAPPENS
IN THE REAL WORLD, ALBEIT RARELY, TO BURST LINKERS WHO USE NEGATIVE INCARNATE.

“Negative…will,” he whispered, and gasped as he looked up at
Utai. Shaking his head fiercely, he squeezed out, “Uh, um, I-I totally haven’t been practicing a negative Incarnate by myself…”
Once again, Utai smiled gently before stepping over to his side
and placing her left hand on his plump cheek. At the same time,
she typed with just her right, UI> I TOLD YOU, I UNDERSTAND. THAT
WAS INTERFERENCE FROM THE ARAMOR, WASN’T IT?

He inhaled sharply, but if she had seen through him to that extent, he couldn’t exactly deny the statement. “Yes, it was. Something…Um, I remembered something someone said and it suddenly started raging.”
UI> SOMETHING SOMEONE SAID? WHAT EXACTLY WAS IT?
“Umm, I can’t remember who it was. Actually, I’m pretty sure
it was the voice of someone I don’t know. But it was something
like ‘the mental scar shell’ does whatever and then you ‘become a
metal color.’ Or something.”
Twitch. Not Haruyuki, but Utai’s hand on his cheek.
The eyes with the crimson threads running through them
opened as wide as possible. Lips trembled slightly but naturally,
and instead of a voice crying out, her right hand tapped falteringly at her holokeyboard. UI> WHO WAS IT? ARITA, WHO SAID THAT
TO YOU?

“Sorry, I’m trying as hard as I can to remember, but…I can’t. I
don’t know. All I remember is that it was a girl’s voice.”
UI> IS THAT SO? I’M SORRY, PLEASE FORGET IT. ARE YOU FEELING ALL
RIGHT NOW? She changed the subject rather suddenly, but
Haruyuki quickly forgot the strangeness of it and nodded. When
Utai pulled away her hand, he heaved himself to his feet and
brushed off the knees of his uniform.
“Yeah, I’m okay now. Thanks. It’s almost like you can use In-

carnate even in the real world, Shinomiya,” he said casually, in
the way of a thank-you, and Utai seemed bashful in response, a
rare display of age-appropriate behavior. Her cheeks colored
slightly and she looked down as she filled the chat log all at once,
typing at her fastest speed yet.
UI> I’M GLAD IT DIDN’T TURN INTO ANYTHING MORE SERIOUS. I DON’T
THINK YOU NEED TO WORRY TOO MUCH ABOUT INTERFERENCE FROM THE
ARMOR. IT WOULD ACTUALLY BE STRANGE FOR AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT
WITH THAT SORT OF HISTORY NOT TO CAUSE ANY OVERFLOW. WHATEVER
INTERFERENCE IT CAUSES, AS LONG AS YOU DON’T CALL OUT THE COMMAND
TO EQUIP IT IN THE ACCELERATED WORLD, IT WON’T EXERT ANY CONTINUOUS INFLUENCE OVER YOU. EITHER WAY, IF WE SUCCEED IN THE ESCAPE
MISSION, I’LL BE ABLE TO PURIFY THE PARASITIZING ELEMENT RIGHT THEN
AND THERE.
“…Yeah, I guess so.” The slight delay in Haruyuki’s response
was the momentary hesitation he felt about the mission to purify
the armor, the most important matter before him at that moment
—rescuing Ardor Maiden, escaping the Castle, all of it was nothing more than groundwork to that end.
But was there anything for him to hesitate about? If the Armor
of Catastrophe wasn’t completely removed, then at the meeting of
the Seven Kings in three days, a bounty would be placed on the
head of Silver Crow by joint effort of the six major Legions. He
absolutely couldn’t let that happen.
Fortunately, head still turned to the ground, Utai didn’t seem
to notice the change in Haruyuki’s tone; her fingers continued to
flash. UI> WELL THEN, SHALL WE TAKE CARE OF OUR CLUB DUTIES? I’M
CERTAIN HOO IS QUITE HUNGRY.
She waved away her keyboard with one hand and picked up
her bag from where it sat on the ground a little ways off. Without
looking at Haruyuki, she began walking briskly toward the animal
hutch in the northwestern corner of the school yard, and
Haruyuki chased after her.

Hoo, the northern white-faced owl, had moved from Matsunogi
Academy to Umesato Junior High only a mere three days earlier.
But the small bird of prey drowsing on the wooden perch inside
the hutch already seemed entirely at ease in his new environment. He didn’t even crack his eyes open when Haruyuki approached the hutch, but the instant he became aware of the
sound of Utai’s feet after she set down her bag and backpack beside the sink, his round eyes flew open and his wings moved restlessly.
“He’s such a mercenary,” Haruyuki said with a wry smile, and
unlocked the door’s electronic lock. He stepped quickly inside
and collected the water-resistant paper that was spread out
around the perch, along with the tub for bathing. In their place,
Utai set out the paper they had washed and left to dry the previous day, before checking that Hoo’s weight and temperature were
normal.
Haruyuki stepped outside once again, and as he splashed the
paper with water from the tap sticking out from the side of the
hutch, he caught sight of the white cooler peeking out of the bag
off to one side.
Inside was Hoo’s food. From what he’d seen the previous day,
it was some kind of meat, but according to Utai, it was not
chicken or pork or beef. Which reminded him, at today’s feeding,
she was supposed to show him how she dressed the meat, but she
had noted that “a certain amount of mental damage can be expected, so please prepare yourself.” Cocking his head anew at just
what exactly that was supposed to mean, Haruyuki quietly
reached out his hand.
UI> YOU COULD EAT IT, ARITA, BUT YOU PROBABLY WOULDN’T LIKE IT.
The words scrolled across the chat window, and his hand
froze. He turned around to find Utai grinning at him, having
come out of the hutch at some point without his noticing.

“O-oh, uh, I wasn’t going to eat it as a snack or anything. I’m
in eighth grade now, after all.” Haruyuki shook his head back and
forth, forcibly forgetting the time he had come across fried eggplant and chicken meant for a curry and it had turned into a
whole thing with Chiyuri, while he hung the freshly washed paper
on small hangers. He dried his hands with a handkerchief and
looked at Utai.
The elementary school girl, four grades lower than him, gave
him a look as though she was carefully considering the situation,
but soon she nodded crisply. UI> ALL RIGHT. I’M GOING TO PREPARE
HOO’S DINNER.
She moved over to the sink, reached a hand into the bag there,
and pulled out the cooler. She undid the clasps on all four sides
and pulled off the lid. Spurred on by curiosity, Haruyuki poked
his head forward to peer inside and, two seconds later, inhaled
sharply.
Alongside the cooling packs were small light-pink creatures
about five centimeters long, probably mice before they had grown
any hair. Naturally, they weren’t alive, but they still looked like
mice.
Plucking up one of the four creatures, Utai placed it on top of
the cooler lid in the sink as she typed with her free hand, UI> HIS
FOOD IS FROZEN PINKIE MICE. PET OWLS ARE BASICALLY FED MICE, CHICKS,
OR INSECTS LIKE CRICKETS OR MEALWORMS. BUT THE MICE ARE TOO BIG
LIKE THIS, SO YOU HAVE TO DRESS THEM.

Then she put her hand back into the bag and pulled out something that gave Haruyuki another start. It was very small, but it
was indeed a knife. She slid it out of the smooth natural-wood
sheath, and a blade about six centimeters long appeared, glittering with a bluish sheen.
UI> NATURALLY, I HAVE A PERMIT TO CARRY AND USE THIS SMALL
KNIFE. ALTHOUGH IF I PULLED IT OUT ON A PUBLIC ROAD OR ANYTHING, I’D
STILL BE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY IMMEDIATELY.

Utai’s comment was definitely not an exaggeration. Presently,
in 2047, carrying any kind of blade, regardless of size, was basically illegal. If you had a professional reason, you could obtain a
permit from the public safety commission, but he remembered
seeing on the news that the review you had to go through was
pretty severe.
“I—I can’t believe you got a permit,” Haruyuki murmured unconsciously, and Utai simply smiled faintly.
She held the pinkie on the lid with her left hand and brought
the tip of the knife down onto it deftly with her right. She guided
the blade, and its target was neatly split in two. And it didn’t look
like she had even scratched the plastic of the lid. The knife moved
two more times, and the mouse was instantly transformed into
four thin pieces of meat. The color was indeed the same as that of
the meat Hoo had happily downed the day before. Apparently,
the internal organs had already been disposed of, but a little
blood did flow out and wet the knife.
As she worked, Utai radiated a tension that seemed to change
even the air pressure around her, and Haruyuki couldn’t bring
himself to speak to her. Although right from the start, he hadn’t
had the courage to ask her to let him do it. The remaining mice
were dressed one after the other until, in not even a full two minutes, the contents of the cooler were transformed into the state he
had seen the previous day.
Having finished her work, Utai washed the small knife and
dried it carefully with what appeared to be a piece of cotton before slipping it into its sheath. She wrapped the fabric around the
knife and the sheath, put the whole thing in her bag, and stood
back up. Without looking at Haruyuki, she typed on her holokeyboard, UI> NORMALLY, YOU USE SCISSORS TO DO THIS. IT’S EASIER THAT
WAY.

“So then why the knife?” he asked softly.

Utai cast her eyes downward as if in thought before replying.
UI> I THOUGHT IT MIGHT AT LEAST BE A WAY OF PAYING RESPECT, BUT
THAT MIGHT IN THE END BE MEANINGLESS CONCEIT. NOW THEN, LET’S GO
FEED HOO.
Haruyuki followed Utai as she picked up the cooler and the
leather glove, and returned to the hutch with her, contemplating
the sentence still displayed in the chat window. But no matter
how he explained it to himself, he felt like he was a little off somehow.
The pair entered the enclosure and the owl on the perch
flapped his wings as if to express his impatience. The instant Utai
raised her gloved left hand, he flew over, almost circling the interior space.
Just like the day before, Haruyuki held the cooler with both
hands while Utai picked up the pieces of meat and fed them to
Hoo. In the end, the answer to his homework question had been
“mouse,” but now that he was thinking about it, he was pretty
sure all the owls that showed up in fiction caught mice. There was
no reason Hoo would be eating pigs or cows.
Staring at the owl intently swallowing one piece of meat after
another, Haruyuki wondered absently at the very obvious fact
that Hoo was also alive.
Although Hoo was of a species not native to Japan, sold only
as a pet, he still wasn’t an artificial protein synthesized in a factory, much less a polygonal object. Inside this four-square-meter
cage, every day, he ate, slept, and felt things. Things Haruyuki
couldn’t even imagine…
Perhaps sensing him biting his lip, Utai looked back and
cocked her head. Haruyuki hurriedly shook his head and said quietly, “Oh! S-sorry. It’s nothing big. It’s just, I was thinking maybe
I was kinda rude yesterday when I said he looked happy when I
was watching him with the water.”

Here he realized he was maybe being rude to Utai now rather
than Hoo, and he panicked further. “Oh! Um, I—I don’t mean
that he’s, like, unhappy or anything with you taking care of him.
I’m sure he’s pretty happy about that. I mean, I’d want you to
take care of me—Aah, that’s not what I mean. Umm.”
At this point, Haruyuki’s “run-away meter” had climbed fairly
high, but he couldn’t do that while holding the cooler in both
hands, so he earnestly focused on putting words together.
“Umm, Hoo was probably born through artificial breeding, so
I guess he’s never known anything outside of a birdcage. But he is
still a bird. And birds want to fly high…I guess. Oh! Of course, I’m
not saying let him go or anything. I don’t mean he’s, like, unhappy here. But at the very least, it’s not great for me to just decide how he’s probably feeling or whatever.”
The more he talked, the more incoherent he became, so here,
Haruyuki reluctantly closed his mouth.
However, whatever he was trying to say seemed to have
reached Utai, to some degree at least. She nodded once and
started feeding Hoo again with a thoughtful look on her face.
Four pinkie mice worth of meat slices disappeared one after another into the beak, and finally, after some gentle petting on his
head, the screech owl, looking deeply satisfied, spread its wings
and lifted off from Utai’s left hand. It carved out a counterclockwise arc in the hutch, flying leisurely through the air.
No matter how many times Haruyuki saw the owl in flight, the
sight was still so beautiful as to take his breath away. As he
watched, fascinated and somehow at peace, text scrolled across
the chat window with a modest sound effect.
UI> I THINK WHAT YOU WERE TRYING TO SAY IS “RESPECT,” ARITA.
The instant he saw the word in quotation marks, Haruyuki
bobbed his head up and down several times. Yes, that was exactly

what he had been feeling earlier.
Hoo—or rather, all pets, including Hoo—was not simply a
thing for people to keep. Pets lived alongside their humans. And
it didn’t make sense to decide whether they were happy or not by
human measures. All you could do was treat them with respect.
And it wasn’t just pets. Rather than taking the easy way with
scissors, Utai had used a properly sharpened knife and dressed
the pinkie mice with the utmost seriousness. She didn’t forget to
respect even mice who were destined to be a meal.
Looking up at Hoo back on his perch, Haruyuki was struck
deeply by the text that began to scroll a little slower across the
chat window.
UI> I BELIEVE IT’S VERY IMPORTANT TO HAVE RESPECT FOR ALL
THINGS. “RESPECT” HERE MEANING NOT IGNORING OR SLIGHTING ANYTHING. THE SUBJECT OF THAT RESPECT ALSO MUST INCLUDE EVEN YOUR
OWN SELF.

“Huh? Respect for yourself?” Haruyuki took his eyes off Hoo
and stared at the girl standing at his side. “Isn’t it…different for
yourself? Like, isn’t that being conceited…or narcissistic?”
This was all Haruyuki could say, given that, far from respecting his own self, he honestly preferred to avoid even looking at
his own reflection in the mirror. But Utai paused for a moment
before moving her fingers again, gentle smile still on her face.
UI> PERHAPS IT MIGHT END UP LIKE THAT IF YOU TAKE IT TOO FAR, BUT
I THINK THAT BY DISRESPECTING YOURSELF, YOU ALSO DISRESPECT THE
PATH YOU’VE WALKED UNTIL NOW, THE HOURS YOU’VE SPENT, THE PEOPLE
YOU’VE KNOWN. I’M SURE YOU ALSO HAVE INSIDE YOU, ARITA, A FLAME
THAT CANNOT BE PUT OUT NO MATTER HOW MUCH WATER IS POURED ON IT,
NO MATTER HOW THE WIND BLOWS IT.

The girl gently reached out with her right hand and placed it
neatly in the center of Haruyuki’s chest, directly above his heart.

UI> THAT FLAME USES YOUR PAST EXPERIENCES AND MEMORIES AS
FUEL—AND EVEN YOUR SINS AND MISTAKES. IF YOU PROBE INTO A PERSON’S
MIND, THE FIRING OF A NEURON—THAT FLAME, BOTH INSTANTANEOUS AND
ETERNAL, IS THE ESSENCE OF LIFE. I BELIEVE THAT CAREFULLY CONTINUING TO BURN THIS FLAME WHILE REMEMBERING TO RESPECT YOURSELF
AND OTHERS WILL ILLUMINATE THE PATH YOU ARE TO TAKE.
Utai Shinomiya didn’t even look at the long, difficult text or
her holokeyboard as she typed with her left hand. The whole
time, the crimson sparks of her eyes were focused on Haruyuki.
From her small palm still pressed against his chest, Haruyuki felt
like some kind of energy—perhaps even a real flame—was being
generated and poured into his heart.
“My flame…The path I should walk down…” The heat in his
veins raced around his body and finally collected in his back, between his shoulder blades.
The real-world Haruyuki, of course, did not have wings. On
the contrary. He was round and short, and he was so lacking in
any real physical abilities that he collapsed if he tried even the
slightest bit in gym class.
But he could move forward. He could keep a modest flame
burning in his heart to light his way, and he could put one foot in
front of the other. Instead of running hard and looking backward
—look forward. Move forward. It was all a matter of imagination.
If he had the image of moving his feet forward in the real world,
those steps would be doubled and increase tenfold in the Accelerated World.
“My image…my will,” he murmured before he took a deep
breath and changed tones completely. In a clear voice he offered,
“Thanks, Shinomiya. I feel like I can find the answer to something
I’ve been wrestling with for a while now.”
Utai took her hand off his chest, and a rare, clear smile spread
across her lips, allowing teeth like pearls to peek out.

Leaving the animal hutch, they washed their hands at the tap and
then signed the club log file to indicate that the work was complete. After that, they submitted it to the in-school net.
It was four fifteen PM. The meeting at Nega Nebulus’s temporary headquarters aka Haruyuki’s house was at six PM, so even
taking into consideration the time it would take for them to get
there, they had a little time to spare.
Maybe I’ll go to the student council office with Shinomiya
today and chat with Kuroyukihime and wait for Taku and Chiyu
to finish practice. This thought rolling through his head,
Haruyuki went to pick up his school bag sitting beside the sink.
Suddenly, Utai’s entire body stiffened and froze in the middle
of drying her hands with a handkerchief next to him. And then
Haruyuki felt the presence of something creeping up behind him.
Bloodlust…!
He started to whirl around, but before he could, two arms
stretched out around the shoulders of Utai and caught her firmly.
At the same time, a cheerful voice sang, “I got you, Uiuiiiiiiii!”
UI> PLAS SSDTOP PLS
Utai frantically slapped her hands at her holokeyboard as she
was hoisted up into the air, but the letters scrolling out into the
chat window didn’t come together into words. All Haruyuki could
do was catch in midair the white handkerchief she dropped.
The assailant executing this masterful backstab had no sooner
flipped around Utai’s small body than she was clutching it to her
chest and crying out with delight, “Aaah! Uiui, you’re as cute as
always! I just want to tuck you away in my pocket and bring you
home with me! Or make a little mascot doll out of you and put
you on my dashboard!”

Uttering this questionable declaration of love was a girl in the
uniform of a school that was not in this area. She was quite a bit
taller than Haruyuki, her too-perfect proportions wrapped in a
light-blue blouse and checkered skirt, thin knee-high socks reaching up quite a ways past her knees. Her long, soft hair flowed
down over her shoulders.
Utai’s right hand scrabbled even more frantically in the air before dropping down, as if it had expended all its energy.
Here, the predator, having confirmed total control over her
target, finally looked at Haruyuki and smiled gently. “Hello,
Corvus. I see you’re working hard at the Animal Care Club.”
“Oh. Th-thanks. Hello, Master.” Face stiffening, Haruyuki exchanged greetings with the deputy of Nega Nebulus, level-eight
Burst Linker Sky Raker, aka Fuko Kurasaki. Then he asked, ever
so timidly, “Uh, um, wh-why are you here at Umesato?”
“The one thing everyone should have is a friend in a position
of power. Sacchi was kind enough to issue me a visitor’s pass.”
In that era, the tightening of security at elementary, junior
high, and high schools had been pursued wholeheartedly, so that
people outside the school, even children of the same age group,
could not freely come and go. Authentication occurred at the
gates of the school via Neurolinker, and unless a pass had been issued, security guards would come running the instant a stranger
stepped over the threshold.
“Oh, nice.” Haruyuki nodded his head before suddenly shaking it.
“W-wait, I’m not talking system-wise. We’re supposed to meet
at my place at six, right?”
“Goodness! Am I not allowed to simply want to see you sooner
rather than later? I have to have some urgent business?” She

grinned and, given that he was a healthy junior high school boy,
there was no avoiding the way his head exploded a little.

But on the brink of disaster, Haruyuki remembered that before
him was the actually scary Master Raker. His slackening cheeks
tightened abruptly, and he shook his head in tiny increments.
“N-n-n-n-no, that’s, it’s not that you’re not allowed, I’m really
h-h-h-h-happy.” This was no time for him to get carried away—
because, at present, Haruyuki was keeping something important
from Fuko. And that was the fact that he had to secretly initiate
her “child,” Ash Roller, into the Incarnate.
He stood frozen in place, stiff smile plastered onto his face,
and Fuko gently stretched out her hand to pinch his cheek lightly.
“H-huut?”
“Corvus. Perhaps it’s just my imagination? Somehow, I feel
like you are keeping something from me.”
He desperately suppressed the urge to spring up into the air
and shook his head from side to side again. “N-no, there’sh no
reashon I would hide shomshing from you!”
“I wonder? My instincts on this sort of thing are almost never
off.” As Fuko gently tugged on Haruyuki’s cheek between her
pinched fingers, a charming smile, sweeter than the finest-quality
fresh cream, spread across her lips to fill her face. Still, he
mustn’t forget that she still held her first victim tightly to her
chest.
He placed his hands on his legs and stood taller as he continued to shake his head, and Fuko’s fingers moved from his cheek
to his ear. As her fingertips toyed with his earlobes, she brought
her face in close and murmured, “So then I suppose I simply got
the wrong idea?”
“Wrong idea? About what?”
“Nothing serious. It’s just I had a little time after I left school

today, so I thought I might go sit in a duel Gallery. And when I
did, I just happened to come across Ash in the Gallery of the same
duel, so we started to chat.”
“…”
“And somehow, he seemed a little off, a little strange, you
know? So I caught up with him in the real and gently questioned
him.”
“……”
“And wouldn’t you know, he told me he had completely disregarded me, his parent, and gotten you to promise to teach him
something very important? Verrrrry top secret, verrrrry critical, a
name I hesitate to say in a public space…” Here, soundlessly,
Fuko’s lips moved: In. Car. Nate. “…system and its use?”
Ash Rolleeeeerrrrrrr!! Way to crack under pressure! I mean,
if you’re going to spill it right away, then just get Raker to teach
you to begin with! What exactly was the point of me worrying
and working on this all day?! Anyway, you seriously owe me for
this mess now! he screamed in his mind, but he couldn’t turn
back time.
He stopped the ongoing side-to-side motion of his head and
moved it sharply up and down in resignation. “Um,” he said.
“Uhh, I-I’m sorry. I was. Hiding something. From you.”
“Oh, you were?” Terrifyingly, her perfectly kind smile still on
her face, Raker nodded once more. “I’m so glad you told me. If
you had tried to feign ignorance any further, I would have given
you the full course of special training with Ash, Corvus, but now
I’ll let you do just half.”
“…H-half…?”
“Yes. Once we succeed in today’s Castle escape, your special

training will begin in the Unlimited Neutral Field. I think it’s getting to be time for you to proceed to the next level as well,
Corvus.”
“…T-today…?” he said, dumbfounded, and, although he was
reassured by Fuko referring so easily to the mission’s success,
proceeded to cast around wildly. But of course, there was no sign
of anyone in the dim school yard besides Haruyuki, Fuko, and
Utai (clutched firmly to Fuko’s chest).
“B-but how are we going to meet up with Ash? If we don’t pick
a fairly definite time, it’s pretty difficult to meet in the Unlimited
Neutral Field, isn’t—”
“That’s not a problem.” Fuko answered Haruyuki’s question
with the utmost ease. “I already have Ash locked up—or rather,
standing by in my car parked nearby. I’ll be bringing him along to
your condo, Corvus, and having him dive with us. Naturally, not
from your house, but rather the parking lot close to you.”
“Huh? Ash came all the way here? In the real?”
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide, forgetting momentarily his
own punishment status. So then that meant if he wanted to, he
could meet Ash in the real world? The century-end rider who in
his mind had a mohawk and a riveted leather jacket in real life,
too?
Unfortunately—he wasn’t sure whether to call it that or not—
Fuko shook her head slightly. “He’s here, but it’s better if you
don’t meet in the real yet. He is, after all, still a member of one of
the six Legions, Great Wall.”
“R-right, he is.” Slowly letting out the breath he had been
holding, Haruyuki nodded. They might have been pupils together, but Ash was still a subordinate of the Green King, who
stood in opposition to Kuroyukihime. There was a line where he
had to pull back.

“I understand.” He lifted his face, finally looked directly at
Fuko, and nodded deeply. At some point, Haruyuki teaching Ash
the Incarnate had turned into both of them being taught together
by Fuko, but his exhilaration was greater than his regret. “I feel
like I just came across a new clue. Having you teach me again,
Master, is exactly what I want!”
“Well said. Good attitude.”
He watched Fuko smile, pleased, and wondered if it wasn’t a
little too soon, when the still-captive Utai weakly moved both
hands and tapped at her keyboard.
UI> I’LL ALSO COME ALONG FOR THE TRAINING.

After finally releasing Utai, Fuko said hello to Hoo in the animal
hutch—it was their first meeting, but they apparently got along
quite well as fellow “flying types”—before the three of them
headed toward the student council office.
Although there weren’t very many students left on campus
after school, walking alongside an elementary school girl and a
high school girl was a bit of a trial for Haruyuki. Slipping past the
amazed eyes that lasered in on them, they moved from the entrance to the depths of the first floor of the first school building,
and the instant he pushed through the door, Haruyuki heaved a
sigh of relief.
But once they were in the closed room of the student council
office, he was forced to deal with a different kind of nervous tension. Because with the addition of Kuroyukihime, who welcomed
the party with a smile, he had definitely arrived in the situation
where he was the lone, dull boy in a troupe of sleek, refined girls.
Not to mention that these three girls had been the head and senior members of the former Nega Nebulus, which had once occupied the top spot of the Accelerated World’s seven major Legions;
there was no reason Haruyuki would be able to relax among

them.
You know, now that I’m thinking about it, the current Negabu
has Chiyuri and Takumu now, so it’s four girls and two boys. If
we don’t get more boys in here, it’s gonna be all lopsided. But it’d
be better to get someone who’s not too scary, if we can. Oh,
right! Maybe that guy’d join. Maybe I’ll try inviting him when
we see him.
These and many other random thoughts wandering through
his head, Haruyuki sat in one corner of the sofa set and sipped
the tea Kuroyukihime had made. At some point, the clock on the
wall had gotten all the way around to five PM.
“Goodness! Is it already so late?” Fuko stood up as if in a panic
and clapped her hands together. “I simply can’t leave Ash locked
up—waiting forever in the car, so I’ll go on ahead, all right? I’ll
park the car near Corvus’s house and come by myself at six.”
“I feel like you’ve already left him alone plenty long,” Kuroyukihime remarked wryly.
“I told him to earn ten points in free duels before diving into
the Unlimited Neutral Field, so I’m sure he’s not bored,” Fuko responded with a composed expression. “All right, then, everyone—
I’ll see you later.”
Fuko waved a hand and left the student council office, and almost as if to replace her, Chiyuri and Takumu appeared, practice
over. Their hair was still damp from the quick showers they had
taken, and the party, now five, walked together to the mixed-use
condo in north Koenji.
Since Chiyuri’s mother should have already prepared a light
supper for all of them again that day, hot on the heels of the previous two days—a fact for which Haruyuki was both deeply grateful and deeply apologetic—they simply stocked up on drinks at
the shopping mall in the condo building and got into the elevator.

Chiyuri and Takumu got off at the twenty-first floor to transport
the foodstuffs, while Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime, and Utai went up
to the twenty-third floor ahead of them.
As they were making these preparations, Haruyuki felt his nervousness increase with each second they drew closer to seven PM.
His other self, the duel avatar Silver Crow, had been left deep
in the Castle enshrined at the center of the Unlimited Neutral
Field. If he couldn’t escape from there, the purification of the
Armor of Catastrophe couldn’t happen, and thus, his future as a
Burst Linker would become very uncertain. Takumu and the others had declared that even if a bounty was placed on his head in
the name of the Seven Kings and he ended up not being able to
duel, they would supply him with the points he needed. That sentiment filled his heart with joy, but he couldn’t simply sit back
and count on that. He didn’t want to cling to acceleration to the
point where he became a burden on the Legion.
“Don’t get caught up in a negative image, now,” a voice murmured in his ear the instant he walked into the living room of his
house and set down his bag.
At some point, Haruyuki had started to droop forward, and he
lifted his head with a gasp.
The voice belonged to Kuroyukihime, and she was standing
immediately behind him. Placing her right hand on his chest, she
pulled him around to face her. “It’s important to have an image of
every situation. But there are times when you need to focus hard
on what’s in front of you and charge ahead. Now is one of those
times.”
UI> IT’S EXACTLY AS
AND MOVE FORWARD.

SACCHI SAYS. RIGHT NOW, LET’S SIMPLY BELIEVE

If even Utai, his fellow prisoner of the Castle, was typing these
words as she poked her head out from behind Kuroyukihime,

then he couldn’t very well hang his head.
Haruyuki thrust out his chest and replied with a single word:
“Right!” At this, the cold sweat oozing from both hands seemed to
mysteriously suck back in.

Once the sushi and various other rolls prepared so lovingly by
Chiyuri’s mother were laid out on the six-person dining table and
the tea had been brewed, Fuko joined them, with perfect timing.
Haruyuki looked around at the lineup of Legion members, the
same as it had been two days earlier, and asked timidly, “Um, are
you sure it’s really okay? Leaving Ash in the car, I mean?”
Chiyuri and Takumu—already filled in on the situation—
smiled wryly along with Kuroyukihime, and Fuko composed her
face in the same cool expression as before.
“He’s pouting a little, but I can’t exactly bring him up here.”
“So then at least bring him some of the sushi later,” Chiyuri
suggested, smiling as she brought a plastic container out from the
kitchen and began to quickly divide up the rolls. Haruyuki pictured the century-end rider eating cucumber rolls, and the corners of his mouth unconsciously turned up.
“How about it, Fuko? Time to recruit him for our team?”
Kuroyukihime uttered unexpectedly, with a serious face.
“Ye—H-huh?!” Naturally, it was Haruyuki who shouted.
But the other members didn’t seem so surprised. Takumu
even nodded calmly with a quick “That’s one way, isn’t it?”
Haruyuki stared, dumbfounded, with wide-open eyes, and
Fuko cocked her head slightly, looking perfectly composed.

“It’s not that I haven’t thought about it, but…he’s, well, he has
a surprisingly strong sense of duty. I can’t say whether or not he’d
approve of lowering the Wall flag after raising it already. And, of
course, there’s also the concern that the Green King, Green
Grandé, would use the Judgment Blow instead of approving Ash’s
withdrawal.”
“Hmm. To be honest, I never really know what Grandé is
thinking.” Kuroyukihime crossed her arms, frowning. “I feel like
I’ve grasped the personalities of the other Kings to a certain extent, but that shield of a man alone, well…”
At the meeting of the Seven Kings the previous week,
Haruyuki had also seen the Green King close up, but the only
thing he got from it was that the Green King seemed super hard.
Grandé hadn’t said a single thing from start to finish but had simply nodded once when it was concluded that they would give Silver Crow a week.
It’s kind of incredible that he rules over a major Legion of
more than a hundred people like that.
Haruyuki hurriedly brought his straying thoughts back to the
subject at hand: Ash Roller in Nega Nebulus. He had never even
considered it, but he didn’t actually hate the idea. Ash was his
eternal rival, someone he had fought countless times since that
first day when he’d become a Burst Linker, but when Haruyuki
lost his purpose after his wings were stolen, that man had passionately rebuked him and brought him to his own parent, Sky
Raker. Haruyuki owed him. It was hard to picture from the swaggering way he carried himself, but Ash Roller was a real stand-up
guy, honestly compassionate.
And then Haruyuki realized something and lifted his face with
a gasp. “Uh, um, Kuroyukihime, Master? I think that, for the time
being at least, Ash can’t transfer to our Legion.”
“Why do you say that with such certainty?”

“Ash’s little brother, Bush Utan—” Haruyuki cut himself off
here and suggested that they talk while they ate, since it was a
long story.
Once Fuko had returned from delivering the package of sushi
Chiyuri had put together to her car—although it was apparently
not her vehicle, but rather in her mother’s name—in the large
parking garage in the basement of the condo, they all sat down together once more to eat.
Chiyuri’s mother’s specialty was Italian food like pasta and
lasagna, but she also demonstrated ample skill when it came to
Japanese food, and Haruyuki, who didn’t get to eat sushi all that
often, stuffed it all in his mouth in a trance. Everyone else also
rose to the challenge, maneuvering their chopsticks until the
large plate was half-empty, and then finally, the conversation resumed.
“Haight, haight. Ahout Ahoo Hohaa.” Haruyuki started to
speak with a mouth full of sushi, and Takumu stopped him with a
slight smile.
“I’ll explain about that. I’m a big part of it, so…”
Haruyuki opened his eyes with a gasp and hurried to chew up
the vinegar-seasoned rice in his mouth, but while he was furiously masticating, Takumu had already started to explain, so he
had no choice but to accept the role of listener. The briefing by
the biggest brain in the Legion was indeed easy to understand,
but Haruyuki couldn’t help but get nervous. Because, just as
Takumu had said he would, he explained everything that had
happened to him, without leaving out a single detail.
How two days earlier, after hearing about the ISS kits from
Haruyuki, he had gone to investigate on his own. How he had
come into contact with a Burst Linker called Magenta Scissor in
the Setagaya area and been given the kit in a sealed state. And
then how the previous day, he had been attacked by the PK group

Supernova Remnant in the Shinjuku area and had counterattacked and destroyed them with the power of the ISS kit in the
Unlimited Neutral Field. The direct duel with Haruyuki after that.
And the mysterious “dream” the three of them shared that morning.
Haruyuki had simply informed Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Utai
of the general overview of this chain of events in a mail, because it
had seemed impossible to properly put into text why Takumu had
sought power and how he’d overcome that. Of course, given that
they would have to explain that at some point, it was probably
preferable that Takumu was telling the story now himself, but
Haruyuki couldn’t help but feel uneasy. Like maybe Kuroyukihime would reprimand Takumu for getting the ISS kit at his own
discretion like that.
However…
“I see. Well done, Takumu,” the head of the Legion put forth
immediately with a gentle smile after hearing the whole story.
Fuko and Utai also nodded calmly.
“What? I thought you’d be super mad and break the table
slamming your hand onto it, so I got sushi ready as an emergency
measure,” Chiyuri said, actually bringing both hands out onto the
table.
“I am indeed the Legion Master.” Kuroyukihime smiled a
broad, wry smile as she responded. “But I don’t believe that I can
—or would like to—control my members completely. All of us
Burst Linkers have our own daily ongoing battles, in the Accelerated World and in the real world. Whether you’re a parent or a
master, all you can do is simply have faith and offer encouragement. And it’s basically still adorable when you three act on your
own. More so than the Four Elements of the first Nega Nebulus.”
At this last bit, Fuko and Utai both stuffed sushi rolls into their
mouths and feigned ignorance.

In the midst of this harmonious scene, Takumu blinked
quickly behind his glasses and then finally bowed his head
deeply. When he lifted it again, his pale face had completely regained its usual intellectual expression. “Thanks to Haru and
Chii, I was able to break free of the control of the ISS kit. At the
same time, I managed to inflict some degree of damage to the
main body in the Brain Burst central server. But, although that
weakened the kits parasitizing Bush Utan and Olive Grab, they’re
still not completely gone.”
“Th-that’s right.” Here, Haruyuki remembered what he had
wanted to say and connected that to words. “And Ash feels super
responsible for Bush Utan getting sucked into the ISS kit. I think
that, even if we did invite him to join, he wouldn’t say yes until he
had freed Utan from the control of the kit. The reason he wanted
me to teach him the Incarnate System to begin with wasn’t so he
could get stronger, but because he wants to destroy Utan’s ISS kit
himself. That’s all he wants.”
“Corvus. You really do understand him very well, don’t you?”
Fuko said suddenly, just as he had taken a breath and was about
to down some of his tea, and he unconsciously choked a little.
“Unh. What? You think so? To be honest, I still can’t picture
what he’s like in the real at all, though.”
“Hmm? Isn’t he the same, though? Riding an electric scooter
every morning, doing his hya-ha-ha thing?” Chiyuri opined, and
Takumu nodded with a serious face.
Fuko, however, simply laughed gracefully, and then, without
answering the question, clapped her hands. “Setting aside the Legion switch, if he wants to learn the Incarnate System because of
his friend, then I can’t stop him. I believe he’s reached a level of
actual power as a Burst Linker that will allow it. That’s the reason
I got Sacchi’s permission to have him accompany us today.”
After the escape from the Castle, we move straight into spe-

cial training. Remembering Fuko’s words, Haruyuki felt a shiver
run up his spine.
Utai, to his right, finished eating a kanpyo roll before setting
her fingers racing over the tabletop. UI> WELL THEN, OUR SCHEDULE
TODAY’S GETTING PRETTY FULL. (1) CASTLE ESCAPE. (2) ARMOR PURIFICATION. (3) INCARNATE TRAINING. IT DOES COST TEN POINTS TO DIVE INTO
THE UNLIMITED NEUTRAL FIELD, SO IT’S ACTUALLY A BARGAIN TO TAKE
CARE OF EVERYTHING ALL AT ONCE.

“Hee-hee, it truly is. Once we’ve finished all that, how about
we do a little Enemy hunting while we’re at it?”
“Ah, in that case, I wanna go check out one of the four great
dungeons!” Chiyuri proposed innocently, and the three veteran
Burst Linkers fell silent all at once before shaking their heads
back and forth, looking serious.
Utai typed out in an excessively stiff motion, UI> IF WE TRIED
TO GO IN ALL THE WAY WITH THIS MANY PEOPLE, IT WOULD TAKE AT LEAST
SIX MONTHS.
At the same time as the three junior members dropped their
jaws in amazement, the clock on the wall hit six forty-five.

They worked together to clear the table, took turns using the restroom, and then moved to the sofa set on the west side of the living room just as the clock hit five minutes till seven.
Looking around at the assembled, Kuroyukihime carried out
the final briefing. That said, unlike the previous outing, they
didn’t have a particularly detailed plan.
After diving into the Unlimited Neutral Field, Kuroyukihime,
Fuko, Chiyuri, and Takumu would move from Suginami to the
Chiyoda area and stand by in front of the Castle’s south gate.
When Haruyuki and Utai dove, they would appear in the coordinates of the automatic disconnect from the last time—the shrine

in the basement of the Castle’s main building—so with the cooperation of the mysterious young samurai avatar Trilead Tetroxide, they would return to the south gate, break the seal, and escape. Working together with Kuroyukihime and the others waiting outside, they would evade the fierce attacks of the God Suzaku
and flee to the other side of the large bridge that stretched out
from the gate.
Since they couldn’t predict what Suzaku would do, all they
could do was play it by ear in the actual moment. However, unlike
the last time, when he’d had to collect Ardor Maiden from the
ground, this time he just had to flee as fast as he could. The
bridge was only five hundred meters long. If things went well,
they might be able to charge through before Suzaku finished materializing after detecting the intruders in its territory. No, they’d
definitely be able to.
Clenching his fists as he whispered this to himself, Haruyuki
suddenly remembered something and looked at Fuko, seated
across from him. “That reminds me. What’s Ash going to do? If
you’re going to meet up in front of the condo, he’ll have to match
the timing here pretty closely.”
“It’s fine. I gave him very strict orders to dive a second before
seven,” Fuko responded briskly. And indeed, in that case, it
would be impossible to leave Ash waiting for her and the others
in vain. Just the opposite, actually. One second in the real world
was a thousand seconds in the Accelerated World; in other words,
Ash Roller would be waiting in front of the condo for sixteen minutes and forty seconds.
Just like our master—tera nil mercy, he thought secretly,
while Chiyuri asked in a slightly concerned tone:
“Isn’t that dangerous? I know it’s only sixteen minutes, but
he’ll be all by himself in the Unlimited Neutral Field.”
Fuko smiled gently at Chiyuri’s kindness toward Ash, ostensi-

bly an enemy, as she crisply uttered even more merciless words.
“I don’t believe that our dive time has been leaked to the outside,
and if, hypothetically, Ash did have the misfortune of being attacked by a large Enemy or a hostile Burst Linker, we’ll have appeared during the hour of regeneration time. We will at the very
least avenge him.”
“I guess that makes sense. Okay, if it comes to that, I’ll kick
ass, too!” Chiyuri readily agreed with the elder girl, and the two
boys felt shivers run up their spines.
And then it was finally one minute before seven.
Their six Neurolinkers were already daisy-chained together
with five XSB cables, and they were connected to the Arita home
server through the second cable extending from Haruyuki’s neck.
All he had to do was press the button displayed in his field of
view, and they would all be connected to the global net.
Sitting to his immediate left, Kuroyukihime stared into his
eyes and murmured in a gentle, ringing voice, “No matter how
many hours, how many days it takes, I’ll be waiting, Haruyuki.
For the moment when you and Utai open the Castle gate once
more and come flying out.”
“O-okay!” Haruyuki nodded once and then hurriedly shook his
head. “N-no! We won’t make you wait that long! At most, five
hours—No, we’ll escape in three hours!”
UI> THEN LET’S AIM FOR TWO HOURS. WE HAVE OTHER PLANS AFTERWARD, AFTER ALL, Utai typed in a very Utai-like way. Everyone
laughed.
Nodding deeply, Kuroyukihime straightened up resolutely in
her seat and shouted, “Well then, I’ll begin the countdown! Ten
seconds to acceleration! Eight, seven, six…”
Everyone joined in the countdown with her.

“Five, four, three, two, one!”
“Unlimited Burst!!”

9
With his eyes closed, Haruyuki passed through the acceleration
process: his Neurolinker amplifying his thought clock while simultaneously freeing him from his real-world senses. His body
floated for an instant, and he waited for the sensation of coming
down on a hard surface before lifting his eyelids.
Before him, the familiar Arita living room was already gone. In
its place, a floor with a complicated pattern of blue-black tiles
that held a sharp metallic luster. Walls that looked lined with thin
blades. The ceiling a network of slender joists. The only illumination came from the several curious purple candles placed along
the walls, so the room was dim overall, and he both felt and knew
that this place was deep underground.
It was the small room connecting the great hall with the deepest depths of the inner sanctuary of the Castle, which itself stood
in the center of the Unlimited Neutral Field—what a certain person had called the Shrine of the Eight Divines. The fact that the
design differed from what he remembered meant that the Change
peculiar to the Unlimited Neutral Field had happened, and the attributes of the place did not match the Heian stage of their last
visit.
“This is the Demon City stage.” A clear, youthful voice came
from immediately beside him, and Haruyuki turned his eyes in
that direction.
Standing there, both hands neatly arranged before her, was a
small duel avatar with white-and-crimson armor, reminiscent of
the garb of a shrine maiden. One of the Four Elements of the first
Nega Nebulus, the blazing shrine maiden Ardor Maiden. Natu-

rally, this avatar was controlled by Utai Shinomiya.
“I’m glad it’s not some stage with a lot of terrain traps or wild
creatures,” he quickly responded to that voice, something he had
never heard in the real world. “The terrain’s probably harder than
the Heian stage, but the Castle building can’t be destroyed anyway.” As he spoke, he glanced up to check the status in the top
left of his field of view. Although his health gauge was completely
recovered since he had left and dived back in, his special-attack
gauge was at zero.
He then looked at their surroundings, but of course, none of
the other Legion members were there. In the last dive, unlike
Haruyuki and Utai, Kuroyukihime and the others had left properly through a leave-point portal, so they would have appeared
ten kilometers away to the west in Suginami. They had probably
just joined up with Ash Roller and started to move. Which meant
the only people there were Utai and Haruyuki—
Or, no, that wasn’t true. There should have been one more
person appearing there with them.
“R-right. He’s…”
“He’s already here,” Utai replied to Haruyuki’s muttering, and
he jerked up his head to look around again.
“I’ve been expecting you, Crow, Maiden.” The clear voice of a
boy, reminiscent of an early summer breeze, came from the
gloom near the wall.
Turning his eyes in that direction, Haruyuki saw a single silhouette pop out of the darkness in the modest light of the candles.
The overall look closely resembled that of Ardor Maiden. Head
armor shaped like pulled-back hair, a sharply defined face mask.
Swollen arms like traditional Japanese clothing. The hakama-like

armor of the legs spread out horizontally because the avatar was
sitting properly on his knees. His color was a deeply serene azure.
Before the smallish avatar lay a silver stick-shaped object—a
straight sword in its scabbard. It wasn’t especially large, either,
but perhaps reflecting the overwhelming potential it contained,
the space around the sword looked just the tiniest bit distorted. It
was the fifth star of the Seven Arcs, the most powerful Enhanced
Armaments in the Accelerated World, the Infinity.
The azure avatar, perfectly described by the words young
samurai, looked directly at Haruyuki and Utai with sky-blue eye
lenses before bowing deeply, still in the formal kneeling position.
Bringing his body back up, he plucked the straight sword from
the floor and stood easily.
The young samurai took a few steps away from the wall, and
Utai returned his bow, bending at the waist with wonderful grace.
Haruyuki hurriedly dipped his head as well. After he lifted his
chin, he struggled with the words for a minute before opening his
mouth.
“Uh, um, uhh, it’s been a whil—Actually, it hasn’t been that
long. Good evening, Lead. Were you waiting long?”
The young samurai avatar smiled gently at Haruyuki’s awkward greeting and shook his head. “No. Although I did wait, it
was a mere two seconds of real time. Please don’t concern yourself with it.”
That said, those two seconds were two thousand seconds on
this side—more than thirty minutes. If it had been Haruyuki sitting in the formal kneeling position for that long, his legs would
probably have fallen asleep, even in duel avatar form.
And before that, in the current age when Neurolinkers had
spread far and wide, no one simply “waited” anymore. For instance, if you were meeting someone somewhere, your Neu-

rolinker would tell you how many minutes before you needed to
leave the house and what train at what time to get on so that you
could move to your destination in the most optimal fashion, and
it would even display in detail where the person you were meeting was at that moment and what time they were expected to arrive. If you went out to eat, you could see how busy the restaurants in the area were in real time, so you could go without having to wait in line, and if you were taking a taxi, the push of a button would send your request to the car closest to you. Of course,
there were occasions when, due to unforeseen circumstances,
time was spent waiting, but Neurolinkers were equipped with all
kinds of meaningful ways to use time.

Thus, Haruyuki felt sorry from the bottom of his heart for having
made the other Burst Linker simply wait for a whole thirty minutes in this place where there was absolutely nothing to do, and
he started to lower his head in a bow once again.
But the young samurai put a stop to Haruyuki’s apology, as if
accustomed to sitting for long periods with no AR or full dives,
and said calmly, “Please don’t worry about it. Really. Waiting for
the two of you to arrive was also a very thrilling experience. So
much so that I might almost think it would have been better to
have spent the whole day waiting.”
“I-it was? Um, me, too. I know the situation I’m in is really
bad, but I was super excited to get to see you again, Lead.”
Haruyuki didn’t usually say this sort of thing, but the words fell
from his mouth, and the azure avatar pulled in his shoulders and
offered a bashful smile in response.
“Lead” was a nickname. The other avatar was formally Trilead
Tetroxide. Haruyuki hadn’t checked the name—which, according
to a search by Takumu, was a molecular formula meaning three
lead and four oxygen—in the Brain Burst system. That was simply
how the other avatar had introduced himself.
Since you couldn’t see the health gauges of other Burst Linkers
in the Unlimited Neutral Field, if he were going to attempt confirmation of another Burst Linker’s name, the only way Haruyuki
could think of was to submit a request to join the Legion from the
Instruct menu. But he couldn’t do something like that out of the
blue, and to be honest, he, strangely, didn’t care whether or not
Trilead was the other avatar’s real name. Haruyuki simply
thought that if he was hiding his actual avatar name, then he
must have some reason for doing so.
At any rate, having any doubts about Lead now would mean
that the mission to escape the Castle itself would not happen. Because without his cooperation, Haruyuki and Utai probably didn’t

have a hope of getting out of the inner sanctuary. Thus, he had already decided to trust Lead completely, and Utai seemed to have
done the same.
The shrine maiden, even smaller than the young samurai,
dipped her head again and said much more smoothly than
Haruyuki had, “I’m also very happy to see you again, Lead. There
are so many things I wish to discuss with you. However, our Legion comrades are waiting for us outside the Castle, so I apologize
for our selfishness, but I hope you might be able to offer your
opinion on the fastest route of escape.”
Haruyuki also had a ton of things he wanted to ask Lead about
—how had he gotten into the Castle, why hadn’t he used the oneoff portal in the great hall upstairs to escape himself, what did he
mean when he said he’d never fought a normal duel—but it’s true
that this was not the time to have a lazy chat. Kuroyukihime and
the others were probably still on their way there, but he wanted to
keep the time they spent waiting outside the south gate to a minimum. He also thought they would certainly have the chance to
talk while they moved, and so he nodded wordlessly.
“It’s not selfish at all,” Lead responded firmly, standing up
taller. “The first time we met, you were both kind enough to trust
me unconditionally. In which case, it is only natural that I live up
to that faith. I would gladly aid you in your escape.” The young
samurai stopped and set the scabbard of his long sword, still in
his left hand, on his waist. He raised his now-free hand into the
air leisurely and continued, “Currently, there are two ways to exit
this Castle normally. But one of them is impossible in practical
terms.” He moved his left hand farther and indicated the far end
of the not-large room.
A fence—actually, a barricade—stood there, with a design like
countless short swords intersecting diagonally. On the other side
of the fence was a vast space filled with a blue darkness. Beyond
this expanse, ten times, a hundred times larger than the gymnasium at Umesato Junior High, he could see two tiny lights.

The one pulsing blue like the surface of a body of water was a
path to the real world, the light of a portal. In front of that was a
golden light, flickering faintly. According to Trilead, that was the
last of the Seven Arcs in the Accelerated World, the seventh star
crowned with the name Youkou, known as the Fluctuating Light.
Just like he had two days earlier, Haruyuki took a few steps
forward as if sucked in and stared at the golden glow. Because it
was so far away, he couldn’t make out the actual source of the
light or the pedestal it should have been sitting on. But even still,
he felt something.
The desire to own a rare item? No.
The instinct to enhance his fighting power? No.
The light, which should have been nothing more than a single
Enhanced Armament, even if it was an Arc, didn’t seem like just a
simple item to Haruyuki. As proof, the Fluctuating Light he saw
as save data in the “dream” he’d shared with Chiyuri and Takumu
that morning, inside the Brain Burst central server—which was,
in a certain sense, a region more impenetrable than the Castle—
had glittered and shone more brightly than any of the other stars
in the center of the galaxy. Almost as if it were the absolute core
of the Accelerated World itself.
“The final Arc, Youkou.” Lead’s voice came abruptly from his
immediate left, and Haruyuki pulled himself back from his own
thoughts with a gasp. “If you could obtain that item and activate
the portal behind it, it would be possible to exit the Castle normally. However, that is simply too difficult. Because that fence—it
was a sacred rope the other day, but the moment you go beyond
it, extremely powerful Enemies begin to appear in the space on
the other side.”
“Begin to appear? Does that mean it’s not just one?” Utai
asked from Haruyuki’s right, and Lead nodded slightly.

“Yes. Two appear at first. And then they continue to appear in
pairs as the intruders move forward or stand in place. I’ve confirmed there are at least six, but that probably isn’t all of them.
Based on a guess that there will be at least two more, I call them
the Eight Divinities.”
“E-Eight Divinities,” Haruyuki murmured tensely. They hadn’t
even been able to do anything against just one of the super-highlevel Enemies guarding the gates outside the Castle, the Four
Gods. “What if that portal actually leads to the next boss room,
and sixteen Divinities popped up there?”
Lead seemed to give serious consideration to this casual
thought passing Haruyuki’s lips, so Haruyuki hurriedly shook
both his head and his hands from side to side.
“N-no, sorry. Forget that. Uh, umm, anyway, so it seems like
you totes can’t get to the portal without defeating the Eight Divinities. You can’t just avoid their attacks, huh?”
“Yes, that’s exactly right, Crow. I think it’s most likely that it is
totes not possible to obtain Youkou unless you defeat all the Enemies.”
“Forget that ‘totes’ bit, too,” Haruyuki added quickly, afraid he
had accidentally taught the completely straightforward Lead and
the dictionary in his head a weird word. “Uh, um, it definitely
doesn’t look like leaving through that portal is realistic. So then,
the second way? We were kinda thinking it might end up being
this. We have to go back to the south gate and leave through
that…right?”
Lead turned back to Haruyuki and smiled as he nodded. “That
is correct. Although if you insist on it, Crow, I have no issue with
using the north or the west gate.”
“N-no, the south gate’s good! Our friends are waiting there
and all,” Haruyuki replied before cocking his head. “The east’s no

good?”
“I would hesitate slightly to recommend the east gate. The particular attack of the guardian beast Seiryu is a bit troublesome.”
“Huh? What does it do?”
“It is called Level Drain.”
“So we’ll forget about the east,” he answered immediately. “Nno, forget about the north and west, too. Please, let’s go to the
south gate.”
“Totes understood, Crow.” Lead nodded with a serious look on
his face, and unusually, Utai, standing off to the right, let a small
giggle slip out.
“Both of you are in such perfect sync, I can’t get a word in.”
“Huh? A-are we?”
“You perform a splendid shite-kata and waki-kata,” Utai commented, using words Haruyuki didn’t know, before growing serious once more and bowing toward Lead again. “Lead, do forgive
me for asking, but I would deeply appreciate your help in this endeavor.”
“I will expend every effort. Now then, let us first go upstairs.”
Lead moved away from the sword barricade and began walking
toward the stairs at the back of the small room, leading upward.
Utai followed.
Haruyuki took a few steps after the two Burst Linkers before
looking back one last time at the Shrine of the Eight Divinities.
He stared at the golden light flickering on the other side of the ultramarine darkness and murmured in his heart, I will come here
again someday. I’ll travel the proper path to come see you again
once I have power befitting you…so please wait for me.

It sounded more like he was talking to a person rather than
any Enhanced Armament, but Haruyuki clearly saw the seventh
Arc flash brightly, as if it had its own will and was responding to
him. Or he felt like he did, anyway.

The stairs that had been thick planks two days earlier had transformed into a spiral staircase that was a combination of polished
stone and steel.
Right around the time he had lost track of how many times
they had gone around, they finally arrived aboveground. They
emerged from the staircase into the great hall, which was now
both threatening and imposing, exactly what he would expect
from a Demon City stage. Decorating the walls were countless
protruding spears. Tapered chandelier on the ceiling, like a kind
of drop trap. The only things that remained unchanged were the
two objects lined up in the center of the great hall, the black granite pedestals where the fifth and sixth stars of the Seven Arcs
were once enshrined.
“Right. So then, actually,” he started to say casually, and then
clamped his mouth shut. Lead, ahead of him, looked back, perplexed, and Haruyuki apologized with a quick “Sorry, it’s nothing.”
What he had been about to say was, Actually, the one who has
the other Arc from those pedestals is me.
The fifth of the Seven Arcs glittered beautifully on the waist of
the young samurai avatar before him. And the sixth Arc, the Destiny, was sleeping lightly, deep inside Haruyuki himself—inside
Silver Crow. However, it was no longer the mirrorlike silver it had
once been. Now a dark chrome, Destiny had transformed into
Disaster, the Armor of Catastrophe, a cursed power and the
greatest in the Accelerated World.
Haruyuki couldn’t remember all of that strange dream, but

way, way back, at the dawn of the Accelerated World, a lone Burst
Linker had succeeded in infiltrating the Castle and obtaining the
Destiny. Rather than use it himself, he had given it to his partner.
To the girl with golden-yellow armor who appeared in Haruyuki’s
dream. However, after that, something—a very sad and scary
something—had happened. But no matter how hard he tried,
Haruyuki couldn’t remember the details. He earnestly dug
through his hazy memories, but all that came back to him were
several fragmented images.
An Enemy with an enormous, terrifying form.
A group of Burst Linkers lined up around the edge of a large
hole, looking down.
And several people in one corner whispering to one another
things he didn’t really understand. “Main Visualizer,” “override,”
“mental scar shell.” The words hazily wafted through his ears, but
when he tried to catch them, they disappeared without warning,
like soap bubbles. If he tried to chase after them, it would almost
certainly happen once more: the overflow, calling up extremely
negative feelings alongside intense pain. Right now, he had to at
least avoid collapsing and being unable to move.
At any rate, because of some incident that included these images, the Destiny had changed shape—or perhaps even its essential nature—to become the Disaster. Thus, the Enhanced Armament Haruyuki currently possessed could no longer be called one
of the Seven Arcs. When he thought about explaining this history
to Lead, who knew nothing of it, no matter how much time he
had, it wouldn’t be enough, and he didn’t have enough information to begin with to even explain things properly.
Sorry, Lead. Haruyuki apologized in his heart to the blue back
of the young samurai, whom he felt strangely close to. Someday,
I’ll definitely tell you everything. Not just about the armor, but
why I became a Burst Linker, what I fight for, what I’m aiming
for, everything; I won’t leave anything out. And when that time

comes, you, too…
Here, he forced his thoughts to a halt, quickened his pace, and
came up alongside the pair walking before him. They passed between the two pedestals, so close their shoulders were almost
touching, and headed toward the south of the Great Hall.
The exit and its imposing ornamentation came into view, and
Haruyuki spoke up once more in a quiet voice. “Huh? The terrain’s different?”
When they had entered the great hall two days earlier, he was
sure they had gone down a hallway running east–west. But now,
the path he could see beyond the doorway was stretching out to
the south—and he could see stairs leading up beyond that.
Responding to Haruyuki’s confusion was not Lead but Utai.
“The Change happened, and the stage transformed from Heian to
Demon City, so the structure of the maze changed with it, not just
the design.”
“Hngh! So then my ‘memories’ are no good anymore.”
The reason Haruyuki and Utai had been able to make it to the
great hall without getting caught by patrolling Enemies two days
earlier was because he hazily remembered the path taken by an
unknown avatar in a mysterious “dream.” But if the terrain had
been transformed along with the Change, then naturally, he
couldn’t make use of those memories now.
Fortunately, however, Lead nodded as if to reassure them. “It’s
all right,” he said smoothly. “I know the way.”
“Huh? So does that maybe mean that you’ve memorized the
map of this Castle for the hundred or more different stages?” he
asked, stunned.
The young samurai nodded, somewhat bashfully. “That said, I

actually only remember the way from this great hall to the exit of
the inner sanctuary.”
“Th-that’s plenty. Great! For a second there, I thought we’d
have to play the dungeon right from scratch to get out. I mean, I
definitely wouldn’t hate that, but, you know…I actually like that
sort of thing.”
Lead flashed a quiet smile at Haruyuki’s strange relief, but his
face took on its serious look again soon enough. “But speaking
from my own experience, the level of difficulty of Demon City is a
fair bit higher than Heian. The strength of individual sentinel Enemies is not as great, but because there are more of them, it’s difficult to move without being seen.”
In his mind, Haruyuki cocked his head curiously at Lead’s unbalanced knowledge; he didn’t know the name Nega Nebulus, but
he knew the stage names. Still, he set aside his questions for the
time being and murmured, “I get it. Mobs are more likely to
aggro, so sneaking’s harder.”
This time, it was not only Lead who gave him a puzzled look
but also Utai. It seemed neither was familiar with the general terminology of net games. The thought struck him that it would be
fun to make them talk with Pard, but he quickly tucked it away
and continued without the jargon.
“Um, basically, moving takes more focus than in the Heian
stage. But still, let’s make it happen somehow. I’m pretty good at
sneaking around.”
“That’s very reassuring.” Haruyuki was half joking, but Lead
took in his utterance with a serious face. “But there is just one
place where we will not be able to slip by in the Enemy’s blind
spot, no matter what we do. Thus, we will be forced to fight once.
I’d appreciate it if you could prepare yourselves mentally for
that.”

“W-we will? Okay, got it. It’s fine. W-w-we’ll fight. If they’re
weaker than the Heian stage, I feel like we’ll be able to manage it.
I’m sure it’ll be okay, probably.” The mere thought of fighting one
of those Enemies was enough to make a fountain of sweat gush
up inside, but Haruyuki tried to cover it with a display of bravado.
He clapped his hand to his chest and jumped forward about three
meters. Whirling around, he asked Lead, “So then, maybe you
could tell us, just so we know, about when the fight’ll happen?”
Lead’s reaction was unusually slow; after two seconds or so, he
apologized for some reason. “I’m sorry, Crow. My explanation
was insufficient.”
“Huh? H-how was it not enough?”
“The unavoidable fight is when we leave this great hall. A single sentinel Enemy is patrolling there.”
“…Huh.” At the same time as Haruyuki let a stunned noise slip
out, he heard a heavy metallic sound behind him. Nervously turning around, he saw through the large exit an even larger silhouette peeking into the great hall.
In the Heian stage two days earlier, the Enemies guarding the
inner sanctuary of the Castle had all taken the form of Japanesestyle warriors, but in the current Demon City stage, they resembled something like knights. The large frame closing in on them
was three meters tall and covered in thick metal armor. In its left
hand, a kite shield the size of a door. In its right, a rough
greatsword that looked as though it had been hewn from a piece
of steel.
The area beneath the open helmet and the long horns growing
out of it was swallowed up by darkness, making it invisible to
Haruyuki, but from within that darkness, two sharply glittering
purple eyes stared down at him. That gaze indicated he had entered the reaction range of the knight Enemy.

“…Huh,” he inadvertently murmured again, hoarsely, and
slowly moved to step back. But before he could, the knight
stepped into the great hall with a weighty, thunderous sound.
“Voraaaaaa!”
If forced to transcribe the battle cry that slammed into his
avatar with a physical force, Haruyuki would string the letters together something like that. He staggered backward, while an impossibly massive sword was brandished high above his head.
“Hey. Wait,” he said, stunned, but the Enemy was obviously
not going to listen to him, a tiny avatar that didn’t even reach up
to its waist. The purple eyes blazed, and the knight moved to slice
him neatly in two.
The sharp noise of the sword cutting through the air kickstarted Haruyuki’s halted thoughts.
An arc of blue light came flying from behind him and drove
into the sword of the Enemy knight, pushing it back the slightest
bit. Not letting this opening slip away, Haruyuki dashed backward with everything he had.
Moving forward past him was the young samurai with the
azure armor, Trilead. The previous attack had definitely been his,
but the straight sword on his left hip was still in its scabbard, and
both hands were wrapped in blue light.
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide as Lead brought his weaponless right hand straight up into the air.
“Ha!!”
A battle cry like a scream. His sword hand flashed up and
down, and a sword of light in the shape of a crescent moon—the
same as the one Haruyuki had seen before—emerged and raced
through the air. The metallic clash again. The blue arc struck the

knight’s neck and carved out a definite mark on the thick armor.
“Voruuuuu,” the knight groaned, moving its gaze from
Haruyuki to Lead, shifting its target. In other words, the knight’s
AI was, as Haruyuki suspected the last time, based on a simple
hate principle, unlike the AI of the Four Gods.
“Vora!!” the knight roared, and whipped the massive sword
sideways through the air.
This single slice would no doubt have mown down even the
enormous trees of the Primeval Forest stage, but Lead dodged it
with a sliding step. For the third time, an arc of light shot out
from his sword hand to dig into the surface of the shield in the
knight’s left hand.
Haruyuki pushed Ardor Maiden farther back behind him in an
unconscious gesture as he continued to watch the duel with wide
eyes.
It was the first time he had seen the mysterious Burst Linker
Trilead Tetroxide fighting. Haruyuki had expected it to a certain
extent from the way the young samurai carried himself, but he
was indeed extremely skilled. The way he stepped smoothly, like
water flowing; the speed with which he moved from evasion to
counterattack; and above all else, the blades of blue light
launched from both hands in rapid succession were no mere special attack. Given that he wasn’t calling out the name of the attack
and the fact that it had the power to dig into the incredibly hard
armor of the knight Enemy, it was clearly a power generated outside the system by his imagination—an Incarnate attack.
At the same time as his Burst Linker’s instincts had him collect
all this information instantaneously, Haruyuki felt a single question rise up in him.
Why didn’t Trilead take out his sword? The weapon equipped
at his left hip was the Arc Infinity, which held an attack power

that it was likely no exaggeration to say was the greatest in the
Accelerated World. If he could generate that kind of power with
no weapon, it wasn’t inconceivable that he could do several times,
maybe a hundred times more damage if he used the Arc.
“My apologies, Crow! There is a reason why I can’t use the
sword right now!” Lead shouted out, almost as if he had read
Haruyuki’s mind, as he jumped aside to dodge the knight’s sword.
“This Enemy must be defeated without the Arc!”
“G-got it!” Haruyuki shouted back immediately, and hurriedly
added, “It’s okay to use I-Incarnate?!”
He asked because the conversation with Kuroyukihime and
the others from two days earlier still lingered in his ears. The
higher the level of Enemy, the more ineffective Incarnate attacks
became, and at the same time, Enemies were more likely to be
drawn to the Incarnate waves. Just the one knight before him was
so terrifying he was practically passing out; he wasn’t sure he’d be
able to stay in place and not run like the wind if another one or
two came along.
Fortunately, however, Lead nodded quickly. “In this room, it’s
all right as long as we don’t use it for more than ten minutes in
succession!”
“Got it!” Haruyuki shouted again, and then belatedly readied
his own hands in front of him. His brain, stunned at the sudden
appearance of the Enemy, was finally switching into battle mode.
Happily, the knight Enemy wasn’t using long-distance attacks.
Of course, their opponent was a Castle guard Enemy, likely on
par with Legend-class Enemies, so if he took a real hit from that
sword, Haruyuki would be killed instantly. If it kept picking out
new targets, they clearly couldn’t focus their might, but he was
sure they had a chance of winning if they worked together with
Lead and attacked from a distance.

He took a deep breath and brought the image of light speed
into both hands, taking aim through the scope in his mind at the
back of the knight chasing Lead. The Enemy brandished its sword
and pieces of its thick armor slid over each other. The instant
Haruyuki saw the less-protective chain mail at the back of the
neck…
“Laser Lance!!”
Shouting out with his entire body and soul, Haruyuki
launched the Incarnate technique he had only just developed.
From his extended right hand, a lance of silver light gushed forward and hit his target at the base of the knight’s neck, dead-on.
The massive creature staggered, albeit slightly, and the sword attack aimed at Lead slid off course and slammed violently into the
floor.
At the same time, the health gauge of the knight Enemy was
displayed in Haruyuki’s view. The right edge of the first of the
three bars stacked up there decreased about 2 percent.
“Whoa,” he cried out unconsciously.
Including the clean hit Lead had gotten on the knight’s body
before, the amount of the gauge they had taken still wasn’t even a
tenth of the first bar. At this rate, how many minutes—how many
hours—would it take to carve away the swollen gauge?
“Both of you, please hold out against it for three minutes.” A
firm voice echoed from behind him. “I will take over after that.”
The owner of the voice, silent until that point, was, of course, Utai
Shinomiya—Ardor Maiden.
They’d probably only barely be able to cut away another couple percent from the knight’s gauge in three minutes. She said she
would take over from there, but could the completely long-range
Maiden actually draw the Enemy’s focus?

“R-roger!” Haruyuki shouted, and knocked the fleeting question out of his brain.
“I understand!” Lead’s voice came from a little farther off at
the same time.
Nodding at their replies, Maiden held a long Japanese yumi
bow that had appeared in her left hand at some point. It was immediately enveloped in crimson flames and began changing
shape, as though melting. The item, now transformed into a
short, flat stick, opened out thinly into a hand fan with a satisfying snap. From both sides of the shrine maiden’s innocent face
mask, additional snow-white armor slid out, meeting in the center to produce a curious screen. Then her entire body was
wrapped in a thick crimson aura.
After watching this much out of the corner of his eye,
Haruyuki moved to Lead’s side. They communicated their strategy through eye contact alone. That said, it wasn’t anything complicated. They would both increase the knight Enemy’s hate to
about the same amount and split its focus as much as possible
while attacking.
“Vorrraaaaaaa!!” the knight roared, as if irritated that it
hadn’t yet gotten a direct hit. Until that point, it had been bringing the massive sword down in one strike at a time, but now it
began swinging from side to side as it advanced on the two Burst
Linkers.
Haruyuki and Lead drew the Enemy as close as they dared before leaping off to the sides, and then with perfect timing, together…
“Haah!!”
“Laser Lance!!”
Blue and silver light shot out. Two light-effect colors bounced

off the knight’s side. Damage: 4 percent.
The following three minutes were excruciatingly long, hard,
and just the teensiest bit exciting. However much they were splitting the Enemy’s focus, they couldn’t quite manage to flee a safe
distance. Although they dodged the sword closing in on them
while the knight roared fiercely, sometimes they took splash
damage from the blade hitting the floor.
If Haruyuki had been alone, he would no doubt have been eating a direct hit in less than a minute; he could keep slipping by
the lethal blade thanks to Lead’s precise instructions. Somehow,
not only did the young samurai have maps for all the various
structures of the inner sanctuary, he also apparently possessed
complete knowledge of the attack patterns of the transforming
guardian Enemies. He perfectly read in advance the trajectory of
the sword the knight brandished from side to side, and even more
than that, the placement of the log-like legs and the wind-pressure attack using the shield, and told Haruyuki how to avoid all of
these.
Faithfully following these instructions to evade the attacks,
Haruyuki aimed for any and every little opening to get a blow in
whenever the knight targeted Lead. In a certain sense, moving in
perfect sync like this to walk a tightrope where making a single
mistake meant certain death was the real thrill of network games.
Once two minutes or so had passed, Haruyuki and Lead had
basically stopped talking. Lead communicated instructions via a
slight movement of his hand, and Haruyuki responded without a
moment’s delay.
If I had done it like this…If I had done it like this in the basketball game today, imaging not just the opposing players but
even my teammates’ movements and thoughts, and moving in
line with that, then maybe…
In the middle of the intense battle, the thought flitted through

Haruyuki’s head, but he quickly stamped it out.
There’s no way I could. Real-world me is totally different
from Silver Crow. Not this light. Not this fast.
But…maybe I can aim for that at least. No matter how impossible it seems. If I hope I change, and I take one step, just one
step toward that, maybe I can, too.
“Come here!” A sharp voice sounded abruptly from his rear,
and Haruyuki opened his eyes wide with a gasp.
At some point, the three minutes Utai asked for had passed.
He exchanged a quick look with Lead, off to his right, and then
they both jumped way back at the same time. As the knight
Enemy charged after them, raging even more fiercely, they led it
in the direction of Utai’s voice.
However, even though they had endured for the three minutes
as instructed, the first bar of the Enemy’s three-level health gauge
was still nearly 90 percent full. What exactly was Utai planning to
do?
Feeling slightly anxious, Haruyuki continued to dash backward alongside Lead until they reached the two pedestals in the
center of the great hall.
Instantly, the right side of his field of view was dyed red, and
he reflexively pulled his eyes away from the Enemy to look in that
direction.
What he saw there was a scene that made even Haruyuki—who
had come up against all kinds of supernatural phenomena within
the Castle and hardened his nerves to pretty much anything—
swallow his breath in dumbfounded amazement.
Flames. The source: the small body of the shrine-maiden
avatar. From the tips of her tabi-covered toes to the ends of the

long hair coils, she was enveloped in a conflagration burning red.
Since Ardor Maiden didn’t seem to be taking any damage herself, they probably weren’t real flames. It was likely overlay, the
irregular light effect that accompanied the activation of the Incarnate System. But even compared with the overlay of another redtype avatar, the Red King—Scarlet Rain—the flickering hue was
much closer to the look of real flames.
This aura, which took a full three minutes to muster, was several times more intense and more beautiful than when she had
burned Bush Utan to ashes in the tag-team duel three days earlier. Cloaked in flame, the shrine maiden held her fan over her
head and danced unhurriedly. The knight Enemy charged in with
enough force to smash her to pieces.
“Grief-stricken flames of Dvesha.” All of a sudden, a sonorous
“song” rang out from the mouth of the shrine maiden. She waved
her fan neatly, and a spray of small flames flowed off into space.
Seeming to be nothing more than meager sparks, they fell at the
feet of the knight Enemy.
Krrrr! Instantly, a deafening roar filled his ears and shook the
air, and the supposedly incredibly strong floor of the Demon City
stage burst into flames—and melted.
The knight Enemy sank helplessly up to its chest in the liquid
—the magma—glittering with a dazzling orange light. The cold
dark-gray shine of the metal armor immediately grew incandescent, like a lump of burning coal.
“Vorooooaaaaaa!!”
A roar—or a scream. The knight waved both arms frantically
and tried to free itself of the magma, but the “lake” of molten
floor was easily larger than five meters in diameter. All the knight
did was vainly scatter droplets of fire; the large frame didn’t seem
to move up in the slightest.

“Become dust in the ground and be gone.” Once again, a verse
with a mysterious rhythm echoed in the hall.
The crimson aura enveloping the shrine maiden grew more
and more intense, and the temperature of the magma lake increased further. Although Haru was plenty far away, a hot wind
blew toward them and threatened to cook his own body. If he got
any closer, he wouldn’t be surprised if he did actually start taking
damage.
After standing slack-jawed for over ten seconds, Haruyuki finally looked at the health gauge of the knight Enemy displayed
above his head. The first bar was just on the verge of being similarly burned up.
Lead had said that even in the great hall, if they used Incarnate techniques for more than ten minutes, there was the possibility that it would call other Enemies over. Taking that into consideration, it was a little iffy as to whether or not the remaining
two bars would be carved away during this grace period. This was
perhaps the time for Haruyuki to join in with a long-distance
technique, but for some reason, he felt like he shouldn’t. This
“flame dance” was a stage for Utai alone, and other people
shouldn’t force their way in. Lead, maybe feeling the same thing,
simply stood quietly near Haruyuki.
The shrine maiden danced for another five minutes, the flames
eddied and coiled, and the knight writhed. Eventually, the third
health gauge bar was also burned up, and the Enemy disappeared
in the center of the magma pool together with a magnificently
large scattering effect.
Even after Ardor Maiden slowly lowered her fan and stopped
moving, Haruyuki was unable to say anything. He was overwhelmed. By the power of Utai’s Incarnate technique, its beauty,
its ferocity. He couldn’t help but tremble at this terrifying, destructive power.

As far as the logic of the technique, it wasn’t that complicated.
Melt the floor of the stage, turn it into a high-temperature liquid,
and drop opponents into it. What was terrifying was what came
after that. There was basically no escaping from it. If you couldn’t
fly like Haruyuki or you didn’t have some kind of special movement ability like the fifth Disaster’s wire hook, you’d never be
able to get out of the lake of magma. The liquid was viscous, hindering movement, and even if you did manage to somehow make
it to the shore, the inside wall of the hole was also melted. It
would be like trying to climb a wall of glass covered in oil.
It was a fundamentally different power than the flame of purification that had burned up Bush Utan three days before. The
category of Incarnate technique was—he didn’t want to think
about it, but it was probably the fourth quadrant, i.e., negative
power targeting range. But why exactly had adorable, youthful
Utai Shinomiya managed such a tortuous technique of destruction…
Part of Haruyuki’s half-numbed brain was wandering along
this track when Ardor Maiden, standing a few meters ahead of
him, shook violently.
“Ah!” Reflexively, Haru dashed forward to catch Utai’s back as
she was about to collapse to the floor. Before his eyes, the white
face mask covering the shrine maiden’s face split apart and retreated beneath her hair parts.
Her crimson eye lenses blinked irregularly and looked up at
Haruyuki. A weak voice flowed out. “It seems that…it was a bit
too soon. To use in actual battle.”
“Huh? What?”
“That. Technique. I’ve been practicing it for a year now. An experimental…technique for heavyweight, ground-based Enemies.
More precisely…for the God Genbu.”

“For Genbu?”
Naturally, Haruyuki had never actually seen Genbu, the superhigh-level Enemy guarding the north gate of the Castle. He had
no idea what it looked like or what kind of attacks it used. But he
did know one thing: Another of the Four Elements that Fuko and
Utai had been a part of in the old Nega Nebulus was currently
sealed at Genbu’s feet.
In Haruyuki’s arms, Utai closed her eyes and continued speaking in bits and pieces. “My power…it was as if it didn’t reach the
God Suzaku. At the time of the mission to attack the Castle, I personally wished to lead the team against Suzaku. I foolishly
thought…if it was fire, then I would be able to control it, no matter what kind of power it had…Perhaps if it had been Aqua Current and the water she controls, then opposite attribute…Or
maybe Sky Raker, faster than the wind…Maybe they would have
broken through Suzaku’s guard. In which case…the annihilation
of the Legion two years ago…it was my disdain for the enemy, my
forgetting to respect it…my…fault…”
Haruyuki saw a single small droplet of water shining on the
edge of her closed eyes and instinctively shouted, “That—That’s
not true! Absolutely no one thinks it was your fault, Mei!”
“No…that is a mistake for which I should be rebuked. Because…at that time, in my heart…I foolishly thought I might be
the one to quell Suzaku’s flames and make it through the gates
alive…and I said nothing…What would you call that…” The murmured voice, colored with sorrow, finally halted there.
Unable to find any words to say to her, Haruyuki felt like he finally understood why Utai had stayed hidden in a corner of the
Accelerated World for two years, without trying to contact
Kuroyukihime and the others.
Before, Utai had said that it was because she didn’t want to be
the cause of secondary damage in a mission to rescue her avatar

sealed away in front of the Castle. And of course, that wasn’t a lie.
But at the same time, she had been severely blaming herself. She
was convinced that she was the cause of the Legion’s destruction,
and because of this sin, she had decided that no matter how much
she wanted to see Kuroyukihime and Fuko, she couldn’t be allowed that. For a period of two years.
But…
But these feelings of guilt were shared by Kuroyukihime and
Fuko.
Kuroyukihime had decided that her taking the head of the first
Red King, Red Rider, on impulse and bringing about a war on all
fronts with the remaining five Kings’ Legions was the direct cause
for the destruction of Nega Nebulus. She had hidden herself in
the Umesato Junior High local net for two years.
Fuko worried that she had created all the underlying causes
for the dissolution of the Legion when she resolved to cut off her
legs to strengthen her own will and forced Kuroyukihime to perform the act for her. She had lived in seclusion in the old Tokyo
Tower for two years as well, in the Unlimited Neutral Field.
It was all the same. The three of them were all the same. Because they all cared so deeply about their companions, felt tied to
them by profound bonds, they punished themselves. Haruyuki
was sure, absolutely certain that the other two Elements, and the
other Legion members whose names he didn’t even know yet, all
went into hiding thinking the same thing. Eternally sacrificing
themselves for the destruction of the old Nega Nebulus, never to
stand center stage in the Accelerated World again.
“But…but…” Staring down at the face of Ardor Maiden in his
arms, her eyes still closed fast, Haruyuki worked to push out his
voice. “But Brain Burst doesn’t exist for us to—to struggle or
worry or hate or fight. It shouldn’t, at least. Lots of sad and hard
things happen in this world, but someday, we’ll get past all that,

and the day will come when we can again take the hands of the
people we love and share everything with one another. The day is
definitely going to come when you can share with your friends
this pain you’ve been shouldering by yourself all this time. It’s
been two years already since the destruction of the old Nega Nebulus. So this day could be that day!”
As he moved his mouth frantically, Haruyuki vaguely understood the source of the destructive Incarnate that Utai had displayed earlier.
It was sin. It wasn’t colored with the same level of darkness as
despair or hatred, but it was definitely not a positive force. If
those flames were to roast a criminal, then Utai must have tasted
the same anguish as her target the whole time the technique was
activated.
And at the same time, the sin Utai carried with her was probably not just tied up with the destruction of the Legion. There had
to be a deeper, stronger emotion directly connected with the realworld her. After all, Kuroyukihime had said it herself. You definitely couldn’t generate a second-level Incarnate technique without facing head-on the scars of your own self in the real world.
Naturally, there was no way Haruyuki would be allowed to
enter into the depths of Utai’s heart, given that it had been mere
days since they met. Right now, he couldn’t even imagine the
things she had been through, what she had suffered, and why she
had lost her real voice. But…but…
“If you have to be tormented forever, to hate people forever
even here in the Accelerated World for all your mistakes and disagreements, then why did we even become Burst Linkers?”
Haruyuki squeezed the feelings in his heart out into words, and
Utai’s limp body twitched in his arms.
The crimson eye lenses opened slowly. But their light still
flickered weakly. Although Haruyuki wanted to say something

more, another few words of some kind, his heart was shaking too
fiercely and no words would come out.
At that moment, a voice cool and gentle as a breeze blowing
over a grassy plain came to them softly.
“‘For sport and play, I think that we are born; for jesting and
laughter, I doubt not we are born.’”
It was Trilead, who had been silent the whole time. The young
samurai had moved soundlessly out from behind Haruyuki to
now face him, Utai between them, before he sank down on his
knees without even bending his back.
After a brief period of silence, Utai replied in a hoarse voice,
blinking slowly as she did, “‘For when I hear the voice of children
at their play, my limbs, even my stiff limbs, are stirred.’”
It was probably some old poem or something, but Haruyuki
didn’t know it. Still, he felt like he could get the meaning of it, albeit only on an intuitive level.
Lead shifted his gaze from Utai to Haruyuki and began to
speak quietly. “I am embarrassed to say this, but I have never before considered the kinds of fates Burst Linkers other than myself
have borne or for what objectives they fight. However…however, I
had the…vague idea…that the majority had fun playing this game.
And that someday, I would be able to…join them.”
He hung his head momentarily, the long hair tied behind him
swinging. When he lifted his face again, the mysterious youth
continued softly:
“However, before I met the both of you, I was the sole Burst
Linker I knew. The person who is my parent and teacher told me
that even if I was all alone, even if I could not exit this palace and
step outside, I should throw myself into playing and having fun.
That it was the only path leading to my future. I have long swung

my sword alone, imagining the voices of children happily at their
play on the other side of the high palace walls. After many, many
long days, you appeared before me suddenly, Crow, Maiden. We
spoke, we promised to meet again, and then today, we fought
alongside one another. I find it impossible to put into words what
I am feeling now.”
Trilead broke off once more, and Haruyuki and Utai stared
wordlessly at the droplet sliding down his graceful face mask.
Rather than wiping his face, Lead gave voice to a few last words
in a trembling voice.
“The only—the only thing I can say is that I’m glad I became a
Burst Linker. I’m happy to have been able to know this Accelerated World. And it is you both, Crow and Maiden…who have
given me this joy.” Here, the young samurai closed his mouth and
bowed once more, deeply.
For a time, silence ruled the great hall curtained in blue
gloom. At some point, the lake of magma Utai’s Incarnate technique created had cooled, leaving nothing but a slight, shallow indentation.
Finally, Utai sat up in Haruyuki’s arms and looked at the other
two Burst Linkers in turn. “I, too—that at least,” she said in a
clear voice. “I am without a doubt happy that I was able to become a Burst Linker at least. No—serving the Black King, fighting
as a member of Nega Nebulus. And at the end of that road, meeting you both, C, Lead. I’m happy for all this as well. Which
means…the path I have walked until now…was not a mistake.”
She moved feet patterned after the split-toed tabi socks and
brought them down onto the floor. Following Utai’s movement,
Haruyuki also slowly stood up.
Utai waited for Lead to also get to his feet before taking a step
forward and looking back. “I’m sorry to have worried you. Now
then, shall we go? I’m sure at the end of this road we walk down

one step at a time, our future—our destiny stretches out to infinity.”

Lead’s claim that he had memorized the internal structure of the
Castle inner sanctuary in all the various stages was most certainly
not empty boasting. Without hesitating even once, the young
samurai led them assuredly through the complicated map of the
Demon City stage, which was completely different from the Heian
stage of two days earlier.
They ascended stairs, crossed walkways over air, pressed trap
switches, opened hidden doors, and descended using pulleys.
Without guidance, who knew how many days or even weeks it
would have taken them to make it through the medieval castle–
style dungeon, replete with gimmicks? And on top of that, the
place was crawling with Enemies of the same knight type they
had fought in the beginning, along with some in heavier armor,
some that looked quick and nimble, and even some wizard types.
Haruyuki was prepared for the fact that they probably
wouldn’t be able to avoid two or three random encounters, but
Lead’s instructions were perfection itself. Even when they were
stuck with Enemy groups walking along on both sides, he calmly
stopped them in the shadow of some object before they all ran as
fast as they could once they were in the blind spot of receding opponents. Once, he even managed the stunt of deliberately setting
an empty elevator in motion, and when the Enemies gathered
there, they went down a ladder in the opposite direction. It was
no exaggeration to say that he knew the place like his own backyard.
For a dyed-in-the-wool gamer like Haruyuki, the only titles he
could “move” in this freely were online FPS games that he’d
played for years or single-player action-adventure games he’d
logged more than a hundred hours on. And the entire structure of
the Castle was transformed during the Change, too. Exactly how
many years had Trilead spent fighting—no, playing—in this

place?
This question in mind as he followed instructions and ran,
climbed, descended, and passed through the nth doorway, a
scene suddenly appeared before Haruyuki’s eyes.
A single small window on a wall. A vast expanse spreading out
on the other side, columns of pillars, and a sky swirling with black
clouds. Outside.
“Very nice work. The Castle inner sanctuary ends here,” Lead
said, completely nonchalant, and approached the window to open
it casually. A cold wind blew in and coolly caressed Silver Crow’s
armor.
Moving to the window as if compelled, Haruyuki looked outside. Two columns of massive blue-black pillars stretched out in
long lines a fair bit to the right of the window. He had seen this
before. In the Heian stage, the coloring had been different, but
similar pillars had stood at the main entrance of the inner sanctuary then, too. So that meant that ahead of them was…
“Th-the gate!” On the verge of unconsciously shouting in his
excitement, he hurriedly got himself in check.
He could even catch a tiny glimpse of the enormous gates at
the end of the columns of pillars, beyond the fog lingering above
the surface of the ground. From the angle of the shadows the pillars cast, he could tell the gate was directly to the south—in other
words, it was the very same Suzaku gate Haruyuki and Utai had
crashed through two days earlier.
Finally. Finally, they had made it to a place where they could
see the gate. All they had to do now was open it, go outside, shake
free of the flames of the God Suzaku, and fly to the other side of
the bridge.
Thinking about this, Haruyuki clenched his right hand into a

tight fist before realizing something and taking a sharp breath.
“R-right. How are we going to open it?”
The gates he could see on the other side of the heavy fog were
without a doubt shut tight. There was no possible way the stone
doors, very nearly twenty meters in either direction, would simply open if they reached out and pushed them. The reason the
gates had automatically opened, albeit just a crack, when
Haruyuki and Utai flew in was that someone—or rather the young
samurai before him—had broken from the inside the seal plate
that served as a lock.
The moment his thoughts reached that point, Lead nodded as
if he had been watching Haruyuki’s mind at work. “The seal of the
Suzaku gate has regenerated, but I will break it once more now.
The gate should open then.”
“I-is that an easy thing for you to do?” Haruyuki asked timidly,
and Lead cocked his head, as if searching for the words, before
nodding slightly.
“I don’t know whether or not it’s easy, but it is something I’ve
done once before. And the reason I didn’t—no, couldn’t unsheathe this sword in the battle earlier was because I needed to
break the seal on the gate.”
“What do you mean exactly?” Utai asked. Haruyuki also didn’t
understand the causal relationship between not drawing the
sword and being able to break the seal.
Lead nodded again and gently touched the straight sword on
his hip with his left hand. “Although it is beyond my position, this
Infinity I have been allowed to possess now has several special effects. One of these is that as long as it is sheathed in the scabbard,
the power of a single blow increases infinitely until it is unsheathed.”
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide in amazement, but at the same

time, this made a very deep kind of sense to him. If the sword did
indeed have that kind of effect, then it wasn’t something to be
used against random sentinel Enemies. In fact, frugal Haruyuki
could see himself dragging it out forever and never actually using
the thing.
However, Lead was apparently generous enough to use the
power stored up in the blade for what was certainly many long
hours on their behalf. Despite the fact that there weren’t enough
words of thanks simply for his guidance up to that point, he was
going to go even further for them, and Haruyuki did feel a little
guilty. But the fact of the matter was that there were no other
proposals for them to achieve their number one priority of escaping the Castle. Thus, Haruyuki lowered his head deeply and said
simply, “Thank you, Lead.”
Utai, beside him, also arranged her hands on top of her
hakama armor and bent deeply at the waist.
The young samurai shook his head, almost blushing. “It’s
much too soon for you to be thanking me,” he responded in a
light tone. “We still have to fight our way a little farther to the
gate.”

But contrary to Lead’s words, after the road they had taken up to
that point, it was no great effort to go out the small window of the
inner sanctuary and head south in the cover of the pillars.
Naturally, just like the last time they had passed this way, terrifying groups of sentinel Enemies incessantly patrolled the wide
road between the two columns of pillars, and they could hear suspicious footsteps and groaning voices from the deep woods to the
left that made their blood run cold. However, once they knew
they wouldn’t be targeted as long as they hid behind the pillars, it
wasn’t a difficult thing to relax and clear one pillar at a time. Fortunately, all three avatars were small and lightweight; their footfalls were quiet, and their bodies didn’t stick out from the sides of

the pillars.
After about forty minutes, they had reached the shadow of the
southernmost pillar, and all three heaved a sigh of relief together
as they leaned back against the cool, curved surface. They looked
at one another and exchanged small grins.
They had managed to make it this far. Within the Castle, there
was only one sequence left. When he quietly opened the Instruct
menu and checked the time elapsed since they’d dived, the digital
readout showed 135 minutes. A little over the two hours Utai had
set as a target, but they had basically done an amazing job.
That said, on the outside of the south gate at that time,
Kuroyukihime, Fuko, Takumu, Chiyuri, and the spur-of-the-moment inclusion, Ash Roller, were impatiently waiting for the gate
to open. All he wanted was to break through the guard of Suzaku
ahead of them and share in the joy of the mission’s success with
all of them.
“Well then, it’s about time for us to finish this, yes?” Lead
murmured, nodding briefly, as if sensing Haruyuki’s impatience.
“The procedure is simple. Once the Enemies patrolling the main
road on either side are at their farthest point away from us, I will
fly out and destroy the seal. At the same time, you escape through
the gate. If you are prepared, we will go on our next opportunity.”
A nervous tension quite naturally rose up in him, and all
Haruyuki could do was nod. In contrast, Utai had the air of wanting to say something, but she quickly pulled back and also assented with a nod. Lead glanced out at the front from the shadow
of the pillar and raised his right hand.
The southern gate rising up like a stone monolith was about
twenty meters to the southwest of the pillar they were hiding behind. In the center of the two gate doors was a steel plate with a
relief of a phoenix on it; this alone was the same as it had been in
the Heian stage. The seal of Suzaku.

The wide road that stretched from the gate straight out toward
the north was patrolled by a total of eight groups of guardian Enemies. Additionally, a curving hallway ran in the east–west direction in front of the gates, with groups of Enemies coming and
going on both sides.
The movement of all the groups was slightly out of sync,
meaning that the space in front of the gates never seemed to clear
out. But as they waited with bated breath, the timing of the
groups’ movement gradually started to match up. Finally, Lead
splayed the five fingers of his right hand. Then he folded down
one finger after the other. Four, three, two, one…
Now!!
Their soundless shouts overlapped, and the three Burst Linkers raced out from the shadow of the pillar.
They dashed across ground made up of blue-black tiles, running as hard as they could, cutting through the thick fog. In a
mere three seconds, they had arrived at the plaza in front of the
gates.
Lead quickly raised his left hand to stop Haruyuki and Utai,
while at the same time placing his right hand on the scabbard of
the straight sword—the Infinity, one of the Seven Arcs. An intense blue light jetted from the small body of the young samurai,
the light of a young, fixed star.
Overlay. The brilliance of the Incarnate. When they fought the
knight Enemy, Haruyuki had thought Lead was a fairly skilled
user, given that he used the technique without calling out a technique name, but the speed at which he activated the system and
the scope of his overlay far exceeded Haruyuki’s expectations. Despite the fact that Lead still hadn’t activated the technique itself,
the hard tiles at his feet cracked in concentric circles, and the air
burst with blue plasma.

The young samurai crouched down abruptly and grabbed the
scabbard of the straight sword with his left hand and the hilt with
his right.
“Ah…Aaaaaaaaah…!!”
Lead’s severe battle cry, the first time Haruyuki had heard it.
Unable to breathe, Haruyuki unconsciously pulled Utai in toward
him.
Lead’s normally cool eye lenses burned a hot white, and he
called out the name of the technique with a deep echo.
“Heavenly Stratus!!”
His right hand moved so fast, it blurred as it shot out in a horizontal line. The blue blade raced through space, combining the
superior attack power of the Arc itself, which increased every second it sat sheathed in the scabbard, and Trilead’s Incarnate,
which threatened to split the heavens. To Haruyuki’s eyes, the arc
the combined power cut in the air looked as though it would split
the world itself in half.
From left to right, a single blow, a sword drawn and swung.
The blade returned without a moment’s delay and slashed downward from directly above.
The light slashed out to form an enormous cross and slammed
into the thick steel plate joining the two doors. A sharp cross ran
along the face of the phoenix that was carved in bas-relief. The
vertical line stretched out top to bottom and pierced the door itself. The southern gate standing in their way like a cliff shuddered
heavily.
It’s opening!
Haruyuki held Utai even more tightly and pulled his clenched
right hand to his side. With the movement, the ten metal fins

folded up neatly on his back until now unfurled all at once.
“So that is your true form, then, Crow.”
Hearing the murmur, Haruyuki looked to his side.
Silver sword still drawn and lowered, the young samurai narrowed his eye lenses as if dazzled. “It’s beautiful,” he said. “I truly
am happy to have met you.”
“Th-that’s…I mean, me, too, meeting you, Lead…” He had gotten this far when suddenly the body of Utai, pressed up against
him, stiffened. At the same time, Haruyuki noticed it, too.
The wide road stretching out at length behind Lead. The hall
connecting it to the east and west. From all directions, groups of
patrolling Enemies were thundering toward them. But why on
earth—they were definitely out of visual range. After a stunned
moment of thought, Haruyuki finally realized it.
The high-level Enemies were drawn by the Incarnate waves.
The Incarnate technique Trilead had activated to break the
seal on the gate, Heavenly Stratus, was the highest-level attack
Haruyuki had seen up to that point. Using it in an open space
where they were in plain sight, it was no wonder a wide range of
Enemies would get aggro.

“L-Lead!” Haruyuki shouted, and quickly stretched out his right
hand. “Hurry and grab on! You, too!!”
However…
The azure samurai simply smiled, a tinge of sadness in the
calmness of it, and shook his head slightly. “No, I cannot go.
Please, the two of you leave on your own.”
“Wh-why?! If you stay here, the Enemies’ll destroy you!!”
There were more than ten of the massive-framed knights and
wizards, all seething with palpable animosity as they surged toward them. Even a master like Lead, armed with the Infinity,
couldn’t take on that many alone.
But before that, even, Haruyuki had unquestioningly assumed
the whole time that Trilead would naturally be escaping with
them. Which was why he had put off all the many things he
wanted to ask the other Burst Linker, all the things he wanted to
talk about. And yet, being separated for life here on opposite
sides of unopening gates, he had no idea when they’d be able to
meet again.
“Y-you can’t! Lead!!” Haruyuki shouted with all the voice he
could muster and stretched out his hand even farther.
But Trilead took a large step back and pointed at the south
gate with the sword in his hand. “You must go!! As long as I’m
here, I won’t end up in a state of unlimited EK! And…I cannot
leave this palace yet!! But I promise you, I will meet you and
Maiden once again one day. And then I will tell you everything.
The reason why this palace exists in the Accelerated World, the
reason why it is so fiercely guarded—everything I know about it!!”
Faced with the firm spirit of the young samurai and his resolute declaration, Haruyuki could say nothing more.

“Shall we go, C?” Utai said sharply from his side. “Our staying
here now will only make Lead’s sacrifice be in vain!”
“Hngh!” Haruyuki closed his eyes tightly for a second, and
when he opened them again, he was resolved; the wings on his
back vibrated lightly. The thrust they generated pulled the two
avatars soundlessly upward.
From an altitude of about two meters, Haruyuki shouted
briefly, in a voice filled with a flood of emotion, “Lead. See you!”
The young samurai grinned. “Yes. See you!”
The two words were the promise young children exchanged in
the evening to meet again the next day. Suppressing tears as he
looked back, Haruyuki heard, mixed in with the footfalls of the
herd of Enemies closing in, Lead’s final words.
“Trilead Tetroxide is the name my parent gave me. My real
name is…”
Checking the impulse to look at Lead once more, Haruyuki
flapped both wings vigorously. As the two avatars charged toward
the southern gate of the Castle, narrowly opened with just a seam,
a voice like the deep blue of a cool breeze pushed at their backs.
“…Azure Air!”

10
Crimson.
That was the first thing Haruyuki saw after they slipped
through the tiny crack in the gate and finally escaped to the outside world.
Swirling, raging, deep-crimson flames. But this was no ordinary heat energy. It was the form of a massive bird with two enormous wings, a long neck, and eyes glittering like rubies.
The super-level Enemy, the God Suzaku.
“Wh-why is it already materializing?!” Utai shouted hoarsely,
clinging tightly to his neck.
Haruyuki was equally stunned. Suzaku, the guardian of the
south gate, started to pop into existence above its altar, which sat
on the near side of the bridge, at the moment someone intruded
on its territory. That territory was the large bridge five hundred
meters in length and thirty meters in width. Judging from what
they had witnessed the last time, it took the God about five seconds to materialize and start to move. Haruyuki had calculated
that they could pass through the gate and fly a fair distance in the
time it took for Suzaku to appear.
And yet, for some unknown reason, the instant they flew
through the gate, Suzaku had already finished materializing—
only thirty meters away from them. Haruyuki frantically spread
the wings on his back and braked desperately to avoid slamming
into the phoenix.

The south gates at their back were already tightly closed. Even
if they turned around, the gates wouldn’t likely open again. The
gates had let them in the last time because Trilead—real name:
Azure Air—had broken the seal plate for them in advance, but the
seal apparently regenerated whenever the gate opened and closed
again.
Since it was probably safe to assume Lead had been attacked
and killed by the dozen guardian Enemies, they obviously
couldn’t hope for him to slice into the plate for them again. And if
they went back inside now, they wouldn’t be able to endure seeing Lead anyway, not after he had faced his own death to send
them off.
Our only choice is to slip through Suzaku’s flames and fly to
the other side of the bridge, Haruyuki resolved, banishing the
fleeting hesitation.
The Enemy with the name of a god had stopped right in front
of them and was staring at the two avatars with red eyes.
Little ones. This time, you will indeed pay for the crime of disturbing my sacred place and slipping through so cunningly.
You will burn.
Anticipating the breath attack that was coming, Haruyuki focused every nerve in his body on seeing through to its trajectory.
But rather than opening its beak, the bird of flames spread its
enormous wings out wide and flapped them firmly once.
“It cannot!” Utai cried out.
At the same time, Haruyuki saw a pure red, super-hot wave
generated by Suzaku’s wings push toward them in a semicircle. It
wasn’t a line—it was a surface. No matter which way he flew,
there was no escaping it.

No way. We’re going to die here? Just like that? We worked
so hard to get out of the Castle inner sanctuary, Lead gave his
life to open the gates for us—all that, and we get locked up in the
cage of unlimited EK here?
“I…will not allow it!!” the childish shrine maiden in his arms
shouted with determination when Haruyuki started to descend,
brain frozen. She reached out her small left hand as far as it
would go. The incredibly slender palm released a crimson fluctuation that looked very much like Suzaku’s wave attack.
The instant the two energy waves touched each other, a dazzling white light colored the world.
Suzaku’s heat wave became a ring with a circle in the center
and passed around Haruyuki and Utai with a roar. At the same
time, perhaps in some kind of damage feedback, Ardor Maiden’s
left arm disappeared instantly at the shoulder.
“Unn, ah!” The shrine maiden convulsed with a thin cry. Unable to withstand the intense, and very real, pain the Unlimited
Neutral Field generated, her head drooped.
Holding the unconscious Utai tightly with both hands,
Haruyuki mustered every last bit of energy he had to reactivate
his will to fight.
Fly. Fly! If you don’t fly right now, there’s no meaning in the
fact that you were born a flying avatar!
“Unhaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki howled, and vibrating both wings
as hard and as fast as he could, he plunged forward.
Beyond him, Suzaku spread its wings once more. The same attack again. He had to make it through the damage zone before the
God could launch it.
I have to make it in time!!

But. The air ahead of Haruyuki shimmered like a heat haze
and started to glitter red. The surface of his avatar crackled as it
burned. A dizzying heat assaulted them, and his HP gauge—
nearly 90 percent full—started to drop…
Then…
Something else he hadn’t expected blocked Suzaku’s attack.
Two lances of light, one red, one blue, shot in from behind the
enormous bird and pierced the left and right wings at the same
time.
He recognized those colors. The blue was Lightning Cyan
Spike, the special attack of Cyan Pile—his best friend, Takumu.
And the red was Vorpal Strike, the Incarnate attack of Haruyuki’s
parent, his teacher, the person he respected more than anyone in
this world—Kuroyukihime.
On the verge of disintegrating Haruyuki and Utai, Suzaku’s super-heated wave was ripped to pieces and dispersed.
And then, almost brushing up against the massive, flameshrouded wings, Haruyuki finally made it past to the rear of the
God. But the Enemy naturally whirled around and, catching
Haruyuki with eyes burning with rage, opened its large beak. The
breath attack.
As Haruyuki charged forward with all his might toward the
south side of the large bridge, he crossed paths with a silhouette
racing in from that direction at a terrifyingly high speed. Accelerated to the limit, Haruyuki’s perceptions caught the true form of
that shadow.
Burst Linker. Not one—two. The deputy leader of Nega Nebulus, also known as ICBM, Sky Raker. And someone else was clinging to her, low against her back. A jet-black duel avatar with obsidian armor and long swords as limbs—the Black King, Black

Lotus. The pale flames jetting out far behind Raker’s Enhanced
Armament, the Gale Thruster, colored the translucent black
armor a beautiful sapphire.
In the instant they passed each other, Raker/Fuko and
Lotus/Kuroyukihime looked at Haruyuki with eyes of madder red
and of blue purple, and gently smiled. Their voices echoed directly inside his head.
Welcome back, Corvus. Leave Suzaku to us.
I’m trusting you with the future of the Legion, you know,
Haruyuki. Now fly. Straight ahead without looking back.
The extended flow of time returned to normal, and Haruyuki,
with Utai in his arms, and Fuko, with Kuroyukihime on her back,
immediately receded from each other.
“Ah!” Unable to put the brakes on his own body as he flew
ahead at full speed, Haruyuki simply let out a sound that was
more like a cry as he earnestly turned his head and picked out the
scene behind him in the corner of his field of view.
The single bullet that Fuko and Kuroyukihime had become
grazed the right eye of Suzaku, who was even now about to spit
out its lethal flame breath. Black Lotus’s right arm flashed, slashing into the Enemy’s eye. An ocean of flames like blood gushed
out, and the monster bird howled its thunderous rage.
Suzaku stopped its breath attack and began to turn its massive
frame back toward the north. It had shifted its target from
Haruyuki to Kuroyukihime. Which meant—
They were planning to die.
In one sense, this was equivalent to the sacrifice of the young
samurai Lead, luring away the dozen or so Enemies so that
Haruyuki and Utai could make it through the gate, but in another

sense, it was very different. Because unlike Lead, who would immediately be moved to a safe zone when he next regenerated and
thereby avoid the unlimited EK state, Kuroyukihime and Fuko
had nowhere to run. The only thing to the rear of Suzaku was the
square altar—the very place where Ardor Maiden had been sealed
—and if they died there, the next time they regenerated, they
would only be immediately attacked by Suzaku and die once
more.
Most likely, Kuroyukihime and the others had witnessed the
sudden materialization of Suzaku while on standby and seen that
it was an action designed to hinder Haruyuki and Utai’s escape.
And then they had made an instant decision: use themselves as
bait to let Haruyuki and Utai get away. Even if it ended with
Kuroyukihime and Fuko being sealed away themselves.
No.
That couldn’t happen. That absolutely could not happen.
Haruyuki’s only objective as a Burst Linker was to revive Nega
Nebulus and stand by Kuroyukihime’s side as she reached beyond
the horizon of level ten she yearned for. If his Legion Master and
Submaster were sacrificed here, there would be no point in him
alone surviving.
Haruyuki was seized with momentary conflict when, up ahead,
a sharp voice reached him from below.
“Haru!!”
He turned with a gasp. A large, light-blue avatar with heavy
armor was waving his left hand wildly about two hundred meters
from the foot of the bridge. Cyan Pile. And beside him, a yellowgreen lightweight avatar, Lime Bell.
“Haruuuuuu!!” Bell also shouted as loud as she could, and
whirled the large bell equipped on her left hand all the way
around. A faint chime rang out, and the bell was wrapped in a

fresh green light effect.
“Citron Caaaaall!!”
As she shouted the technique name, she brought the hand bell
straight down. The lime-green light that gushed out folded up
around Haruyuki, a warm blanket of air.
Before his eyes, the damage he’d taken from the fight against
the Enemy in the Castle and only moments ago from Suzaku’s
heat wave was healed. However, the wounds on Utai, still unconscious in his arms, remained. The target for the Citron Call effect
was individual, so they couldn’t both be healed at the same time.
But shouldn’t Lime Bell have cured the more heavily damaged
Ardor Maiden first?
For a moment, Haruyuki failed to grasp what Chiyuri’s intention was in recovering Silver Crow’s health gauge first. But then
Takumu called out to clear away his confusion.
“Haru, I’ll take Maiden!”
Haruyuki opened his eyes wide and then immediately and
without hesitation handed Ardor Maiden over to the outstretched
arms of Cyan Pile below him. Lighter now, his body bounced upward, and he pulled into a tight U-turn.
“Haru, Lotus and Raker!” Chiyuri’s voice pierced the air roaring past his ears.
“Got it! Leave it to me!!” Haruyuki shouted as he finished his
turn.
His childhood friends had agonized and hesitated and decided
for him that they could not let Kuroyukihime and Fuko die here.
That whatever happened, they were all going home together.
With Takumu’s and Chiyuri’s feelings as a tailwind, Haruyuki
flew north once more.

Ahead of him, Suzaku, also changing course to the north, bent
its long neck into an S shape and opened its beak wide. He had
only five—no, three seconds before the super-hot breath was released.
In his sights, Sky Raker and Black Lotus were carving out a
parabola in the sky as they descended. The flames jetting from
the Gale Thruster flickered irregularly, on the verge of dying. The
thrust of the Enhanced Armament was incredible, but once its
energy was used up, a long recharging period was required before
it could fly again. They wouldn’t be able to escape Suzaku’s
flames. Orange light flickered in the massive beak. The air around
him shook with a heat haze.
I won’t let you!!
“Unhaaaaaaaaah!!” With a force that would use up everything
left in his special-attack gauge, Haruyuki vibrated the metallic
fins on his back. A hazy light enveloped Silver Crow’s entire body.
He pierced the wall of wind pressure with the tips of his sharply
outstretched hands, turning his avatar into a lance shooting forward through the sky.
Having lost its eye to Kuroyukihime’s devastating blow,
Suzaku didn’t notice Haruyuki approaching from that side. He
charged forward on a course so close to the giant bird that he
nearly brushed alongside its face. Passing only a few dozen centimeters to the right of the beak, which looked like it would spit
out its conflagration even now, Haruyuki sprinted out in front of
the Enemy.
Behind him, a wave of overwhelming rage swelled up at this
intruder. Before him, the two Burst Linkers opened their eyes
wide in stunned surprise.
“Why?!”
“Haruyuki!!”

With a force that was very nearly a collision, Haruyuki
grabbed in midair the two avatars groaning and crying out. He
held the slender waists of Sky Raker and Black Lotus, who were
basically the same size, with all his might and abruptly started
flying upward.
The situation resembled the mission to rescue Ardor Maiden
two days earlier, in which he had picked up Utai after she appeared in the center of the altar. However, one difference was
that, unlike Utai, who had been on the ground, Kuroyukihime
and Fuko were still maintaining an altitude of twenty or so meters. From here, he still had the leeway to change direction and
take their sole route of escape—straight up.
Abruptly, their surroundings were dyed red. Suzaku had finally launched its flame breath. A raging river of overwhelming
heat damage chased after them; one direct hit, and no matter
how high-level they might be as Burst Linkers, they wouldn’t be
able to avoid being incinerated.
“Ngh. Aaaah!” Gritting his teeth, Haruyuki used every ounce
of strength he had to fly directly upward.
Zzt! Something brushed up against the tips of his toes. His
health gauge plummeted over 10 percent. He probably hadn’t
touched the breath itself, but rather the damage zone around it;
still, he didn’t look down. He simply, intently stared up at the
blue-black cloudy sky of the Demon City stage and flew.
The slightest deviation in his trajectory would not be forgiven.
A no-fly zone where extra gravity reigned was set up on both
sides of the large bridge, and invisible barriers stretched up to infinity above the gates to the Castle and the walls of the palace.
The instant he touched any of these, his flight would be over and
they would fall.
The only course permitted was a completely vertical ascent.
He would fly up as far as he could go and break free of Suzaku’s

targeting, cut out a large arc due south, and descend to escape to
the south side of the bridge.
Through the roaring wind, Kuroyukihime whispered in his
right ear, “Honestly. You really are…”
And then Fuko said with a smile in his left, “Hee-hee, I had a
feeling it might turn out like this.”
“I’m sorry. I’ll apologize plenty after we get back!” Responding
as he had two days earlier, Haruyuki fluttered the silver wings on
his back even harder.
“Ah!” Fuko cried out.
Sensing something abnormal, Haruyuki reflexively looked
down—and saw the figure of the massive bird shrouded in flames,
surprisingly close. But why? They should have reached an altitude of close to three hundred meters already.
So then, it was chasing them. The guardian beast, the God
Suzaku, supposedly unable to leave its territory, the large southern bridge, was also rising up into the sky, following Haruyuki
and his friends.
The Enemy narrowed its remaining left eye as though it were
laughing. A ponderous voice rang out in Haruyuki’s mind.
Fools. I shall not allow you to escape from these wings of
mine on such imitations.
At the same time, Suzaku violently flapped those wings, wings
that likely spanned twenty meters. The enormous bird accelerated suddenly and began to close the distance between them.
“Ngh!” Turning his gaze straight up once more, Haruyuki tried
to go even faster. But he immediately realized something terrifying.

His special-attack gauge, fully charged when they took off inside the Castle, was very quickly running out. When he thought
about it, it only made sense. He had been flying continuously at
top speed, first with Utai and then with Kuroyukihime and Fuko.
It was no mystery that his gauge would disappear several times
faster than when he was flying solo.
But if he lost thrust there, they would immediately be burned
to a crisp in Suzaku’s flames and die. And the place where they
would regenerate was directly below—the altar in front of the
south gate of the Castle. If that happened, they would all fall into
a state of unlimited EK.
Staring at his special-attack gauge disappearing pixel by pixel
at a frightening speed, Haruyuki investigated all their options in a
brief thought.
Just Kuroyukihime and Fuko escape? Not possible. If they fell
from this height, they would die instantly from the fall damage.
And before that, they’d be killed by Suzaku immediately beneath
them.
Do a U-turn now and escape to the south? Not possible. As
long as they were targeted by Suzaku, even if he did manage the
turn, they’d take a direct hit from the breath before they reached
the ground.
Get them both to attack Silver Crow and recharge his gauge?
Not possible. If his speed slackened even slightly while he was
taking damage, they would instantly be caught in Suzaku’s attack
range.
His only choice was to fly.
Even if his gauge ran out. Even if the Brain Burst program announced that he would not be permitted to fly any farther. He
would smash the controls of the system with the power of imagination, overwrite the phenomenon of impossible flight, and fly.

Imagine. The image of true flight.
The lone and maximum power given to the duel avatar Silver
Crow. Flight was the form the scar in his heart, a scar he had carried for so long, had taken in the Accelerated World.
And that scar was the desire to escape. He wanted to break
away from the ground, where nothing good ever happened, and
go somewhere high up, somewhere far, far away. He wanted to go
to a world where there was nothing but the speed of light, free of
everything.
But…
Haruyuki hazily felt now that maybe that wasn’t really flying.
No bird could fly forever. To fly, they had to eat, sleep, store
up energy. To fly, they lived. To live, they flew. These two were
one and the same, indivisible.
In which case, even if a person didn’t have wings on their back,
they could definitely fly in the real world, too. Hold the things you
aim for, the things you want to overcome in your heart, imagine
that materializing, and move forward one step at a time. Rather
than looking down and passing the days with dissatisfaction,
stare up at the sky—the place you want to reach someday—and
actively put your feet forward. When they were doing that, people
were definitely flapping invisible wings and flying.
“Fly!” Haruyuki cried briefly, staring intently at the sky of the
Unlimited Neutral Field and its swirling black clouds.
Instead of vibrating the propulsive objects called metallic fins
with the numerical energy known as the special-attack gauge—he
had to flap the wings created by his own heart, flap them with the
power of the imagination, and fly.
When she was first teaching Haruyuki the Incarnate System at

the top of the old Tokyo Tower, Fuko had once said, “Perhaps you
are the one who will be able to fly one day with Incarnate alone.
But that will probably take a very long time.”
As a Burst Linker and as an Incarnate user, Haruyuki was still
just a little chick. He didn’t have anywhere near enough training
or experience. But if he was going to fly, now was the time. If he
couldn’t fly now, then for what purpose had he been born with
the name Silver Crow?
The image. He had to imagine it. The meaning of flying itself.
The meaning of kicking at the ground and aiming for the sky.
In Haruyuki’s view, a vision of a small scops owl danced up,
flapping white wings.
“Fly, Crow!!” Kuroyukihime to his right.
“Fly, Corvus!!” Fuko to his left.
He melted all this together into a single silver image, sending
it racing through his body before concentrating it between his
shoulder blades. And then Haruyuki saw with his mind’s eye. He
saw the ten metal fins extending from Silver Crow’s back shine
dazzlingly and change form, overwritten into real wings resembling those of a bird of prey.
“Unh…ah…aaaaaaaah!!” As Haruyuki howled, the last pixel of
his special-attack gauge was consumed. But the propulsive force
accelerating his whole body into the sky did not disappear.
Haruyuki flapped with all his might the wings shining a dazzling silver and called out at the top of his lungs the name of the
new Incarnate technique that came rising up from the depths of
his heart.
“Light…speed!!”

Pwaan! His entire field of view was enveloped in the dazzle of
silver. He approached the vision of the owl flying slightly ahead of
him, touched it, became one with it. Cradling the other two duel
avatars, Haruyuki flew with an incredible acceleration he had
never felt before. The thick clouds of the Demon City stage drew
closer in the blink of an eye, and then he was plunging through
them without a hint of resistance.
His view was painted over with a thick gray. But soon, a crimson light shone below. Suzaku was chasing after them even now.
The pace of the Enemy’s acceleration was clearly increasing. The
two flying bodies of different sizes pierced the sky of the Accelerated World, carving out trajectories of silver and red.
A few seconds later, his field of view suddenly cleared.
The limitless sky, an azure so blue it almost sucked him in. A
sea of snow-white clouds below, stretching out into the distance.
He couldn’t even imagine how many hundreds—or thousands—of
meters up they were. But Haruyuki flapped his silver wings even
harder.
Bompf! An enormous hole opened up in the sea of clouds beneath them. Appearing from within it was the enormous bird,
shrouded in flames that burned even hotter. The God Suzaku was
burning up anything and everything for the sake of the intruders
who had not once, but twice disturbed its territory. Its fierce will
spilled out from its lone eye as it charged forward at the same
speed as Haruyuki flying with the power of the Incarnate.
Exactly what I was hoping for! Come on!! Haruyuki howled
in his mind and mustered every bit of his imagination to beat the
silver wings.
The color of their surroundings gradually began to change.
From azure to ultramarine, and then to black. Beyond them, several small points of light glittered. Stars. And far off to the right
ahead of them in the sky, he noticed a thin silver thread stretch-

ing straight up, shining. That was…Hermes’ Cord. The low-earthorbit space elevator that circled the Accelerated World at a superhigh altitude. It was just moving into the Tokyo area.
Finally, the speed of their ascent gradually began to falter. It
wasn’t that Haruyuki’s Incarnate was weakening; it was that his
“wings” had reached their maximum altitude. No matter how he
might try to overwrite with his imagination, the propulsive mechanisms extending from Haruyuki’s back were wings, and they’d
had their limit. Without air, they could not fly. And he was basically in space.
The crimson light chasing them from below abruptly grew
weaker. At the same time, the enormous bird’s rage-filled roar
shook the thin air.
Haruyuki stopped flapping and he looked down as they continued to gently ascend through momentum alone. The flames
eternally blanketing the body of the God Suzaku, who had been
right on their tail up until that point, had almost entirely disappeared because of the little oxygen in the air around them. The
exposed, sleek red feathers began to frost at the tips.
“This is our chance!” Kuroyukihime suddenly shouted.
“Crow, let go! Raker, you can fly, right?!”
When Haruyuki reflexively opened his arms, the jet-black and
sky-blue avatars drifted gently in what amounted to a zero-gravity world.
“Of course, Lotus!” Fuko nodded sharply and turned her back
to Kuroyukihime.
“Good!” Black Lotus grabbed hold of Sky Raker’s back with
both legs. Raker whirled her body around, and blue light burned
at the exhaust port of the Enhanced Armament, now recharged to
some degree.

“Here we go!!” Fuko announced briefly, and without hesitation
went full throttle with the booster.
Trailing a long streak of pale flames, the two avatars joined together as one charged fiercely toward the God Suzaku cruising
below them. Unlike Haruyuki’s wings, Sky Raker’s Gale Thruster
was an energy-injection-type propulsive mechanism. Only she
could fly in space where there was no air.

Left eye burning with fearsome rage, Suzaku spread its halffrozen wings to greet the two avatars with an attack. But no matter how it flapped, its massive body didn’t move. It gave up on advancing and opened its beak to launch its flame breath, but it
seemed that the warm-up took more effort than it had on the
ground.
“Too late!!” Kuroyukihime shouted, opening wide the swords
of both arms from her position on Fuko’s back, and then drew
them back into a downward V. Haruyuki had never seen this
movement before. Both swords were enveloped in a whitish-blue
light reminiscent of a distant star.
“Haaaaaaaaaah!” Fierce battle cry surging from her throat, the
aura on her arms focused into several points of light. Eight on
each sword for a total of sixteen.
With the collection of lights from an enormous constellation
trailing her, Kuroyukihime called out in a voice so clear it threatened to echo to the ends of the universe, “Star Burst…Stream!!”
Both swords shot out so fast they became invisible to the
naked eye as they alternated. With each blow, a single, pale, shining star was released, becoming a shooting star that slammed
into Suzaku. Each time, the sound of the impact was enormous,
shaking Haruyuki’s body.
Each time a falling star, riding Sky Raker’s incredible acceleration, crashed into it, the God shrieked. The massive body of the
Enemy had lost its armor of flames, and any number of red feathers and damage effects flew off and scattered into the air. Displayed in Haruyuki’s field of view, Suzaku’s five-tier health gauge
was carved away with such intensity that he almost doubted his
eyes.
“Hnnngaaaaaaaah!!” Kuroyukihime’s swords glittered and
flashed nonstop to launch the shooting stars created by her Incar-

nate, a celestial machine gun. Ten shots. Eleven. Several holes
had already been gouged out of Suzaku’s wings, and its chest and
tail were also torn up here and there. But the flames of rage burning in its left eye did not disappear. Even as it took this massive
damage, it opened its beak and tried to force out its flame breath.
“Aaah!” Haruyuki reflexively howled, and drew his right arm
back. The image of light collected from all over his body contracted into a single point, and then changed into a lance of light
—and shot forward.
“Laser Lance!!”
The lance became a beam of light and raced through space,
overtaking Kuroyukihime on the right to hit Suzaku’s remaining
eye precisely on target.
The God faltered on the verge of breathing out its flames, and
in that single-second opening, Kuroyukihime released the last
star—the sixteenth—with a roar. Drawing out a tail like a comet,
the star fell from the heavens and crashed into the inside of
Suzaku’s mouth, causing the white-hot flame breath there to explode.
Haruyuki’s view was filled with red light.
An unbelievably enormous ball of flames—a second sun—was
born, and a surge of overwhelming energy expanded in all directions.
Haruyuki intently grabbed with outstretched hands the bodies
of Kuroyukihime and Fuko, blown backward by the blast. He held
them to his sides once more, caught the energy stream with the
wings on his back, and turned the force into thrust. This phenomenon seemed like nothing other than Suzaku itself exploding, but
the last bar of the Enemy’s health gauge was still about half-full.
They couldn’t get reckless and get too close.

Haruyuki carved out a large arc as he circled the fireball and
entered a downward course toward the earth’s surface.
The red light gradually weakened, and the figure of the large
bird on the verge of death was revealed. It had already lost the
menacing air of a God; it lifelessly flapped its beaten and battered
wings.
If we’re going to defeat it, now’s the time?! Haruyuki thought
fleetingly.
But then a strange light cloaked Suzaku’s massive frame—a
tricolored aura of white, blue, and black. Haruyuki opened his
eyes wide, wondering just what this was, and then something
even more supernatural happened. Suzaku’s injuries were healed
from the outside in before his eyes. And its health gauge, down
90 percent, suddenly started to recover.
“Honestly. That the support of the other Gods would reach
even this far into space,” Kuroyukihime murmured, and he finally
remembered.
The four super-level Enemies that guarded the four gates to
the Castle were linked to one another. Even if one were attacked
and damaged, as long as the other three were not engaged in battle, they would endlessly heal the injured one with their support
abilities.
“It’s pointless to chase this too far, Corvus.”
Haruyuki nodded at Fuko’s words. Their current objective was
not to defeat Suzaku but to get out of its territory. He flapped the
wings still wrapped in silver overlay to catch the thin air and
move straight downward. The surrounding darkness shifted before his eyes to ultramarine and then a clear azure.
They finally approached the thick clouds and flew in headfirst.
He broke through the gray veil to the sky of the Demon City stage.

Far below, he could see the enormous palace surrounded by a circle of walls and the bridge stretching straight out from the south
gate. He caught sight of three tiny figures waving their hands
wildly at the southern end of the bridge.
A hundred meters above the bridge, he changed direction and
moved into a gentle feetfirst glide. Flapping his wings carefully to
avoid popping out over either side of the bridge, he headed for
the ground as quickly as possible. The patterned tile of the surface of the bridge rose up, and the resolution increased.
Finally, the tips of the toes of Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime, and
Fuko simultaneously touched the surface of the bridge. The place
they landed was one meter from the southern end of the large
bridge—the border of the territory of the God Suzaku.
Before them were the grinning faces of their three friends. The
small shrine maiden standing on the right had apparently also
been healed with Chiyuri’s special attack; Ardor Maiden was
stretching out a completely restored left arm alongside her right.
Haruyuki, Kuroyukihime, and Fuko took one step, two, and
then three toward them and left the bridge.
“Welcome back!” Takumu, Chiyuri, and Utai said in unison.
“We’re home.” Kuroyukihime, Fuko, and Haruyuki also
brought their voices together to speak as one. And then they each
took a final step forward.
Haruyuki and Takumu. Kuroyukihime and Chiyuri. And Fuko
and Utai. They all hugged one another hard. At the same time, a
pillar of red light shot down from the sky above the altar in the
distance and was sucked into the floor there, disappearing.
In that instant, the twin missions to rescue Ardor Maiden and
escape the Castle, executed by all members of the Black Legion,
Nega Nebulus, were completed.

11
At the same time as his overlay disappeared, Haruyuki’s wings
turned back into his original metal fins. These automatically
folded up neatly and were tucked away in a protruding cover.
After silently offering words of thanks to his own wings, Haruyuki
looked again at the faces of his friends in turn.
They smiled gently, as if they could all tell he was crying beneath his mirrored visor. But, in this moment at least, he didn’t
feel like he had to hang his head in embarrassment. Because the
presence of the grinning shrine maiden directly in front of him
was the result of an indescribable success that was nearly miraculous.
Sealed away at the southern gate of the Castle in the Unlimited
Neutral Field for two years, the “shrine maiden of the sacred fire,”
Ardor Maiden, was finally free. Once she moved a mere hundred
meters to the south and slipped through the portal inside the triangular building—a police station in the real world—Utai would
return normally to the real world, together with her avatar.
“You did it, Haru.” It was Lime Bell—Chiyuri—who spoke, a
grin spreading across her face all over again.
“Yeah,” Haruyuki replied earnestly as he looked into her eye
lenses, holding back translucent droplets. “Thanks, Chiyu.
Thanks, guys.” Instantly, the strength rushed from Haru’s legs
and he nearly collapsed on the spot, but he hurried to brace himself. He couldn’t relax yet. He still had one—no, two more things
to do.
First, the purification of the Armor of Catastrophe lodged in-

side himself. And once they succeeded at that, he wouldn’t have
to worry anymore about a bounty being placed on his head by the
Seven Kings. At the same time, the repeating cycle of catastrophe
would finally be broken.
And once they were done with the purification, training alongside Sky Raker’s child, Ash Roller, to learn the Incarnate System
awaited him. He couldn’t imagine what kind of Incarnate Ash
would materialize, but he was sure it would be a flashy technique
to scare the wits—
“H-huh?” Haruyuki realized that the skull face of the centuryend rider was not currently before his eyes. Blinking back the
tears blurring his vision, he turned to Fuko. “What about Ash?
You guys met up with him in front of the condo in Suginami and
came here together, right? Oh, no way! He didn’t get freaked out
by Suzaku and make a break for it or something?”
He added this last bit 30 percent seriously, 70 percent jokingly, but Fuko didn’t laugh. In fact, she bit her lip lightly as a
hint of unease rose up in her eye lenses.
“Well, actually, we couldn’t meet up with him.”
“Huh? Wh-what do you mean?”
Ash Roller was supposed to have dived into the Unlimited
Neutral Field from Fuko’s car in the underground parking garage
at Haruyuki’s condo building in the real world. There was basically no horizontal distance between them. It should have been a
simple thing to meet up in front of the building.
“The thing is, Haru,” Takumu explained in a subdued voice,
“in front of your condo, there were just tire tracks that looked like
they had been left by Ash Roller’s motorcycle. We kept waiting
and waiting, but he never showed up.”
“Tire tracks? So then, he couldn’t wait and took off for the Cas-

tle by himself…and maybe got lost on the way or something?”
“No. That’s hard to imagine.” Fuko shook her head lightly. “He
knows the route from Suginami to the Imperial Palace quite well.
It’s also easy to find the way in the Demon City stage. I can’t believe he would get lost.”
“And, Haruyuki, we chased after the tire tracks for as long as
we could. They looked to continue on quite a ways due south of
the condo,” Kuroyukihime said, crossing the swords of her arms
in front of her chest.
It was indeed strange. If you were going from Suginami to the
Imperial Palace, even if you started out to the south, you’d have
to turn to the east pretty quick.
Suddenly, an ominous feeling, strong enough to take his
breath away, came over Haruyuki.
Ash Roller did have his flaky side, but he wasn’t the kind of
guy to blow off a promise. Especially when the person he was
meeting was his master and parent, Sky Raker. Even if he had,
hypothetically, seen some small Enemy that looked easy to defeat
off in the distance, Haruyuki couldn’t believe he would just chase
off after it on his motorcycle.
In which case—something had happened. Most likely while he
was on standby in the parking garage. An emergency so urgent he
couldn’t even wait to meet up with Fuko and the others had sent
Ash racing off to the south. And then, over there, something else
had happened.
Two and a half hours had already passed since Haruyuki and
the others had dived into the Unlimited Neutral Field. And if Ash
had dived even a single minute before seven, then he had already
been in this world for over a dozen hours.
“Uh, um, I’m going to look for him!” Seized by an indescrib-

able unease, Haruyuki spread the metal wings on his back once
more. He used his special-attack gauge, recharged during the
space battle with Suzaku, and floated gently upward.
“Haruyuki, it’s dangerous to move alone! If you’re going to
search for him, we’ll all—”
“It’s okay!” he interrupted Kuroyukihime as she tried to stop
him. “If I find anything, I’ll come back and get you first! Please
wait for me in front of the portal in the police station!” He hovered upward, gaining more altitude.
“Haru, if you’re not back in an hour, we’ll pull the cable on the
other side, okay?”
“Got it! Thanks!” he shouted, grinning wryly at Chiyuri’s declaration, and shot up into the sky.
If Ash Roller had gone south from Koenji, then that was southwest from the Castle. From a height of around fifty meters, he
strained his eyes, but there were too many tall buildings in the
Demon City stage, and he couldn’t see anything. Gaining even
more altitude, he began to move slowly.
Haruyuki flew in a straight line south of the Castle, first hitting
Kasumigaseki and then moving into Akasaka and Aoyama. He let
his eyes race intently across the landscape as he flew, but the only
things moving were small- and medium-size Enemies. If he had
seen a party hunting Enemies, he would have stopped to ask
them if they knew anything, but perhaps because it was a weekday evening, he heard no sounds of battle.
He listened carefully, but the only sound was the hard wind of
the stage blowing. The silence only further deepened his unease.
Although he was flying at a speed that just barely conserved energy, his special-attack gauge was dropping bit by bit. And he definitely didn’t think he could use the new Incarnate technique he
had just awakened earlier, Light Speed, in this mental state.

“…Okay, then…” Haruyuki made the decision to go higher,
bracing himself against the risk of being spotted by a hostile presence from the ground. Before he knew it, he had reached Harajuku. After this would be Yoyogi Park, and then Shibuya to the
south.
Then.
In the center of the large intersection where Meiji and
Inokashira crossed, at what was probably Meiji-jingumae Station
in the real world, he felt like he saw something flash. When he
looked down again, there were no Burst Linkers or Enemies
there, but he decided to go down just in case.
Looking around carefully, Haruyuki landed on the blue-black
road and reached out to pick up what was probably the source of
the reflected light.
At first glance, it was an unidentifiable object. A semicircle of
clear orange glass set into a silver disc about four centimeters in
diameter. A thin pole extended from the edge of the disc, but it
seemed to be broken in half.
“…What is this…” Muttering, he turned the mysterious part
over and over in his hand, the faint sunlight of the Demon City
stage reflecting off it so that the object flashed orange every so
often.
Instantly, Haruyuki realized what it was.
A motorcycle turn signal. He was sure this was part of the turn
signal Ash Roller had made blink as a feint during the duel on
Kannana that morning.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, pieces broken off Enhanced
Armament and the like stayed around for a fairly long time compared with the Normal Duel Field. Most likely, Ash Roller’s motorcycle had been in some kind of accident when it passed

through here, and the turn signal had been damaged. Haruyuki
looked around again with this idea in mind and found several
burn marks on the walls of the buildings lining the south side of
the road.
So the direction of attack was from north to south. Which
meant that Ash had ridden here, taking Inokashira from Kannana, been attacked from the north by someone, and turned
south at this intersection?
Still clutching the turn-signal part, Haruyuki kicked at the
ground and flew upward. The unease filling his chest had reached
the level of his throat.
At a speed that just barely kept his gauge from decreasing too
suddenly, he flew south along Meiji Street. After just twenty seconds, he spotted the next fallen object. He descended to the
ground to check it out.
He didn’t have to wonder about what it was here. A hub and
rim with thin fixed spokes. Around it, a thick gray rubber tire.
The bike’s wheel. Guessing from the width, the front wheel.
On the ground, he saw a concentration of black attack marks
just like the ones he had seen before. He assumed that the motorcycle had taken serious damage here; the front wheel had broken
off, and the experienced rider had continued riding south, doing a
wheelie. But he wouldn’t have been able to keep up the trick-riding forever.
“Ash!” A hoarse voice slipped out of Haruyuki’s throat, and he
turned his gaze to the road stretching out to the south.
At that moment, the faint sound of a collision shook the air.
On the wall of a group of buildings a hundred meters or so down
the road, something flickered green. The hard noise and the light
were not the explosion of an object or an attack effect. They were
a duel avatar’s death effect.

Reflexively, Haruyuki started to run, before remembering he
could switch to flight. He took a shortcut, flying up over the roofs
of the buildings along the road that gently curved to the right.
The instant the road near Miyashita Park in Shibuya Ward came
into sight, his entire body started shaking. His wings stiffened up,
and he unconsciously hovered about twenty meters in the air.
Directly ahead, his eyes picked up an object that was once a
metallic gray American motorcycle, mercilessly destroyed—tire,
engine, frame, muffler, pieces of it scattered everywhere.
A little farther ahead, a group of six Burst Linkers stood in a
circle. Not only was he close with none of them, he didn’t even
know their names. The one thing all six shared was a weak aura
of darkness rising up from their bodies. Incarnate overlay. The
energy source—the “eye” glittering red like blood in the center of
their chests. ISS kits.
And in the center of their little circle, a single Burst Linker
curled up in a ball. Shiny leather riding suit. Flashy knee and
shoulder pads. And on the head, a helmet with the shield of the
face mask patterned after a skull.
“Ash?” Haruyuki squeezed out a voice that was not quite a
voice from his chest.
Deep cuts covered Ash Roller’s body. But the damage wasn’t
what was keeping him from moving. He wasn’t moving because
he was using his avatar as a shield to protect a tiny light floating
above the road.
The flickering grass-colored point of light was a marker left in
the place where a Burst Linker died in the Unlimited Neutral
Field. Probably the owner of the death effect Haruyuki had felt a
minute or so earlier. He’d seen that color before. He was sure of it
—that was Ash’s “little brother,” Bush Utan.
Haruyuki understood the situation in a flash of intuition.

What had happened here while he and Utai were struggling to escape from the Castle.
It was probably something like this:
While waiting for the seven PM dive time in the car parked
under Haruyuki’s condo in the real world, he had been called to
the Gallery of a duel. In that stage, he had run into Bush Utan,
who had been the dueler or maybe another spectator. There, he
had persuaded Utan to meet up with him in the Unlimited Neutral Field, so that he could communicate the things that he should
as a big brother.
The meeting place had probably been around Shibuya. So Ash
had no doubt thought he’d go and get Utan before meeting up
with the four members of Nega Nebulus in front of the condo at
precisely seven o’clock, and he’d dived early and headed to
Shibuya.
But the time and place had, somewhere along the line—probably in the duel field where he was in the Gallery—been leaked to
people in possession of ISS kits. They launched an ambush at
Meiji-jingumae Station to hunt Ash and Utan as prey. Caught off
guard by the dark Incarnate technique, Ash fled all the way here,
even as he took damage to his motorcycle, but his beloved ride
was finally destroyed. No, not only that. If Ash Roller had dived
into this world a little earlier than seven o’clock, then Haruyuki
assumed that more than ten hours had passed already. Which
meant—together with Bush Utan, he had gone through the cycle
of death and regeneration at least a few times.
In the Unlimited Neutral Field, Enhanced Armament that was
completely lost once did not regenerate until you left the field and
re–logged in. Ash Roller would have lost his entire health gauge
and died, but when he regenerated an hour later, the American
motorcycle that contained nearly all the potential of his duel
avatar would not have returned with him.

So then, the Burst Linkers standing there were surrounding an
Ash Roller who had lost the majority of his battle power and torturing him to death with the dark Incarnate generated by the ISS
kits.
Over. And over. And over and over and over and over…
“Unh…Ah…Aah…” A moan slipped out of the hovering
Haruyuki’s throat.
Not seeming to notice this, one of the six stepped toward Ash
Roller crouched over on the road. He had a midsize, unremarkable form, but there was a fair bit of volume to his arms.
Haruyuki felt like he had seen him before but couldn’t remember
his name.
“Next up…is me. Wonder how many points you got left?” the
avatar said, and then grabbed hold of Ash’s helmet tightly with
his large right hand, a black aura pouring over it.
Skrrk! A sharp sound rang out, and Ash’s trademark skull face
broke into pieces and crumbled.
The attacker now grabbed on to the exposed head of the duel
avatar, a face that seemed delicate and boyish somehow, for all
the swagger of the character he played.
The attacking avatar pulled Ash Roller—still trying to protect
Utan’s marker light—up off the ground forcefully. Face turned
upward against his will, Ash caught sight of Haruyuki frozen on
the roof of the building. His pale-green eye lenses opened wide
momentarily, and then he seemed to smile weakly. In Haruyuki’s
mind, the usual reckless and boastful voice echoed haltingly.
Heh-heh…Messed up. Sorry, Crow…Wasted…the good vibes
from you and Mast—
Krnch! A thick sound echoed in the stage, and the left arm of

the attacker pierced the center of Ash’s chest. A pillar of gray light
shot up, and the slender rider together with his riding suit exploded into pieces.
Showered in the scattering fragments, the attacker turned his
head slightly to look at his own Instruct menu. “Oh!” he said.
“One more time and I can level up. I hope he hangs on until my
turn comes again.”

Haruyuki’s entire body shook so hard that it threatened to fly into
pieces. Tensed to the limit, his limbs creaked, and his teeth chattered beneath his helmet. The voice that leaked out from his
throat was low and broken, cracked in a way he himself had never
heard before.
“Ah…Aaaaah…Aaaaah…”
His body felt like it had been filled with freezing liquid. Or
maybe fiery hot like molten steel. At any rate, a single enormous
feeling was concentrated within him, and this raced around his
body instead of blood.
Rage.
Anger. A rage so overwhelming it turned his vision red. A dark
hatred. And the urge to destroy.
“Ah…Aaaah, ah, aaaaaah…!”
Keee! A sharp metallic noise came from Haruyuki’s hands. Silver Crow’s slender fingers were tapering into the talons of a bird
of prey, curving, getting larger. At the same time, the color of his
armor changed. From the glittering mirror silver to a clouded
chrome silver.
No! You can’t give in to those feelings! You’ll disappear!
Someone somewhere far, far away was shouting. But the faint
voice no longer reached Haruyuki’s consciousness.
Metal still shrieking, his arms were covered in additional
chrome-colored armor. And then his legs. This form, with its malicious edging, was much more sinister and far more demonic
than when it had materialized at Hermes’ Cord.
Instead of the girl’s voice, a distorted metallic voice filled his
mind.

We are you. You are us. You cannot be resurrected, should
even an eternity pass. I am Catastrophe. I am Demise. The one
who shall sound the death knell for this world.
It was exactly the same voice he had heard after school in the
yard of Umesato Junior High in the real world, but unlike that
time, he didn’t feel any pain at all. Which meant that this wasn’t
an overflow of negative Incarnate. Haruyuki himself was calling
it, seeking to fuse with it.
Haruyuki shouted the name at the same time as the voice.
My name is…
“…Chrome Disaster!!”
The ferocious yell that gushed out was nothing other than the
roar of a beast hungry for blood, seeking slaughter. Purple system
font cut across the top left of his field of view like a flash of lightning. YOU EQUIPPED AN ENHANCED ARMAMENT: THE DISASTER.
Shrieking metallically, armor like the fangs of a demon covered him thickly from stomach to chest. A sharp tail shot out
from his back and his wings were transformed into a weapon-like
silhouette. His smooth, round helmet was completely swallowed
up top to bottom by a visor patterned after the maw of a wild animal. His field of view was covered by another thin gray layer.
In the sky above, the black clouds of the Demon City stage
formed an enormous vortex. From its center, a bolt of black lightning rained down, accompanied by booming thunder. Haruyuki
reached out his right hand to greet it.
The bolt stopped in his hand, changed shape, and became an
object. A one-handed long sword, hilt blackly lustrous with a
sharply tapered blade. The high-level Enhanced Armament once
called Star Caster in the long-distant past.

This was the strangely glittering binary star of destiny, following alongside the sixth star Kaiyou aka the Arc Destiny, the original form of the Armor of Catastrophe, the eighth star of the Big
Dipper.
“Hnggaaaaaaah!!” Haruyuki roared, brandishing the demon
sword high above his head.
The battle cry was filled with boundless rage and hatred, but it
rang through the sky of the Accelerated World like a wail somehow.
To be continued.

AFTERWORD
Reki Kawahara here. Thank you so much for reading Accel World
8: The Binary Stars of Destiny.
In this volume, the rather vague-sounding “image power”
ended up being the key word, and since I’m sure this doesn’t
quite click for some readers, I thought I’d take this opportunity to
offer a little supplemental explanation.
I believe that image power—imagination—is the greatest ability human beings have. Because the power to imagine is the only
one where the end result is output that the human mind generates from zero, rather than output from some given input.
And now it’s no doubt even more confusing (lol), but the basic
idea is that perhaps this thing called imagination doesn’t stop
with specialized fields like arts, literature, science, and sports, but
rather is incredibly important and effective in the little things we
do in our lives every day. For instance, everyone alive has hard
times, times of struggling, in addition to the good times. I think
that if we first think about these things when we confront them,
we can change the amount of energy needed, and even the result,
if we imagine the situation in advance and make preparations to
accept it.
Every morning, after I wake up, I check my plans for the day,
and if there’s something unpleasant or annoying, I try to imagine
how I’ll get past it. Although I can’t say for sure if that’s actually
useful or not (lol), at any rate, when I do actually get going, I feel
like I’m at least a little prepared to tackle it. I’m going to the dentist after this, so I’m focused on imagining the drilling sensation!

Also, in this book, Haruyuki managed to tough it out in the
basketball game using image power, and even if that might have
been an exaggeration, I don’t believe it was an outright lie. I’m
also really terrible at sports and exercise, but when I’m riding at
my maximum speed on my bicycle, there’s a real difference in
how long I can keep going, depending on whether I’m imagining
my breathing and pedaling or not. Although, of course, I can’t actually activate the Incarnate System and manage sixty kilometers
per hour or anything. (Right now, anyway…) And so in the end,
this turned into an explanation that really doesn’t make any sense
(lol), but please do try imagining all kinds of things if you get the
chance! And I’m sorry for continuing the story again! I’ll definitely finish it next time! Really!
To my editor, Miki (former basketball player), and my illustrator, HIMA, I’m sorry for being late with my manuscript once
again and causing problems for you! And to all you readers, these
are difficult times, but let’s keep an image of the future in our
minds and keep on fighting!
Reki Kawahara
April 14, 2011

