Night Shade Books Presents . . .

The Improbable Adventures
of Sherlock Holmes
tales of mystery and the imagination detailing the
adventures
of the world's most famous detective, Mr. Sherlock
Holmes

edited by John Joseph
Adams
With Assistance Provided by
the Distinguished Gentleman
Mr. David Barr Kirtley
Night Shade Books
San Francisco

The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes ©
2009 by John Joseph Adams
This edition of The Improbable Adventures of
Sherlock Holmes © 2009 by Night Shade Books
Cover art © 2009 by David Palumbo
Cover design by Michael Fusco
Interior layout and design by Ross E. Lockhart
All rights reserved
Introduction © 2009 John Joseph Adams
Author Notes © 2009 John Joseph Adams and David
Barr Kirtley
An extension of this copyright page can be found on
page 452.
ISBN 978-1-59780-160-7

Night Shade Books
Please visit us on the web at
http://www.nightshadebooks.com

Acknowledgment is made for

permission to print the following
material:
"The Adventure of the Inertial Adjustor" by Stephen
Baxter. © 1997 Stephen Baxter. Originally published in

The Mammoth Book of New Sherlock Holmes
Adventures. Reprinted by permission of the author.
"Murder to Music" by Anthony Burgess. © 1989
Anthony Burgess. Originally published in The Devil's
Mode. Reprinted by permission of the Estate of
Anthony Burgess.
"A Study in Emerald" by Neil Gaiman. © 2003 Neil
Gaiman. Originally published in Shadows Over Baker
Street: New Tales of Terror . Reprinted by permission
of the author.
"The Adventure of the Lost World" by Dominic Green.
© 2004 Dominic Green. Originally published online in
BBCi Cult Sherlock Holmes Magazine. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Adventure of the Antiquarian's Niece" by Barbara
Hambly. © 2003 Barbara Hambly. Originally published
i n Shadows Over Baker Street: New Tales of Terror .

Reprinted by permission of the author.
"A Scandal in Montreal" by Edward D. Hoch. © 2008
Edward D. Hoch. Originally published in Ellery
Queen's Mystery Magazine. Reprinted by permission
of the Estate of Edward D. Hoch.
"The Adventure of the Mummy's Curse" by H. Paul
Jeffers. © 2006 H. Paul Jeffers. Originally published in
Ghosts in Baker Street (as "Sherlock Holmes and the
Mummy's Curse"). Reprinted by permission of the
author.
"Mrs Hudson's Case" by Laurie R. King. © 1997
Laurie R. King. Originally published in Crime Through
Time. Reprinted by permission of the author.
"The Doctor's Case" by Stephen King. © 1987
Stephen King. Originally published in The New
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Shocking Affair of the Dutch Steamship
Friesland by Mary Robinette Kowal. © 2005 Mary
Robinette Kowal. Originally published in The First
Line. Reprinted by permission of the author.

"The Singular Habits of Wasps" by Geoffrey A. Landis.
© 1994 Geoffrey A. Landis. Originally published in
Analog Science Fiction & Fact. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Horror of the Many Faces" by Tim Lebbon. ©
2003 Tim Lebbon. Originally published in Shadows
Over Baker Street: New Tales of Terror . Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Human Mystery" by Tanith Lee. © 1999 Tanith
Lee. Originally published in More Holmes for the
Holidays. Reprinted by permission of the author.
"The Vale of the White Horse" by Sharyn McCrumb. ©
2003 Sharyn McCrumb. Originally published in
Murder, My Dear Watson. Reprinted by permission of
the author.
"The Adventure of the Field Theorems" by Vonda N.
McIntyre. © 1995 Vonda N. McIntyre. Originally
published in Sherlock Holmes in Orbit. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Adventure of the Dorset Street Lodger" by
Michael Moorcock. © 1993 Michael Moorcock.
Originally privately published for David Shapiro and
Joe Piggott, reprinted in Tales from the Texas

Woods, 1995, and in The Mammoth Book of New
Sherlock Holmes Adventures, 1997. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Affair of the 46th Birthday" by Amy Myers. ©
2009 Amy Myers. Originally published in The Strand.
Reprinted by permission of the author.
"Commonplaces" by Naomi Novik. © 2008-2009
Naomi Novik.
"The Case of the Bloodless Sock," by Anne Perry. ©
2001 Anne Perry. First published in Murder in Baker
Street, edited by Martin H Greenberg, Jon Lellenberg
and Daniel Stashower, Caroll & Graf. Reprinted by
permission of the author and her agents, the Donald
Maass Literary Agency, 121 West 27 th Street, New
York, NY, 10001, USA, in association with MBA
Literary Agents Ltd., London.
"Dynamics of a Hanging" by Tony Pi. © 2005 Tony Pi.
Originally published in Shred of Evidence. Reprinted
by permission of the author.
"Merridew of Abominable Memory" by Chris
Roberson. © 2008 Monkeybrain, Inc. Originally
published
in Gaslight Grimoire. Reprinted by

permission of the author.
"The Things That Shall Come Upon Them" by Barbara
Roden. © 2008 Barbara Roden. Originally published in
Gaslight Grimoire. Reprinted by permission of the
author.
"A Sherlockiana Primer" by Christopher Roden. ©
2009 Christopher Roden. Original to this volume.
"The Adventure of the Pirates of Devil's Cape" by Rob
Rogers. © 2009 Rob Rogers. Original to this volume.
"You See But You Do Not Observe" by Robert J.
Sawyer. © 1995 Robert J. Sawyer. Originally
published in Sherlock Holmes in Orbit. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Adventure of the Death-Fetch" by Darrell
Schweitzer. © 1994 Darrell Schweitzer. Originally
published in The Game is Afoot. Reprinted by
permission of the author.
"The Adventure of the Other Detective" by Bradley H.
Sinor. © 2003 Bradley H. Sinor. Originally published in
Dark and Stormy Nights. Reprinted by permission of
the author.

"The Specter of Tullyfane Abbey" by Peter Tremayne.
© 2001 Peter Tremayne. Originally published in
Villains Victorious. Reprinted by permission of Brandt
& Hochman Literary Agents, Inc.
"The Adventure of the Green Skull" by Mark Valentine.
© 2008 Mark Valentine. Originally published in
Sherlock Holmes: The Game's Afoot. Reprinted by
permission of the author.

Introduction
by John Joseph Adams
Sherlock Holmes. The name is ubiquitous, familiar to
everyone in the world whether or not they've read of his
exploits. Pretty impressive for a fictional character created
more than 120 years ago.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle created Holmes in the latenineteenth century, with the first adventure, A Study in
Scarlet, appearing in Beeton's Christmas Annual in 1887.
Conan Doyle's entire output of fiction featuring Holmes
consists of only four novels and fifty-six stories[1]—a
staggeringly small body of work considering the
tremendous influence Holmes has had—but something
about the detective captured the reading public's
imagination like no other character of his era, and he has
continued to delight and captivate readers ever since.
Holmes, the world's first (and most famous) consulting
detective, was one of the first great literary actionadventure heroes whose defining qualities were his
intelligence and deductive reasoning rather than bravery or
brawn. Which is not to say that Holmes is a coward or a
weakling; being well-versed in the art of boxing and the
martial art of Bartitsu[2], he is capable of besting almost
anyone in a fight—he'd just rather outwit you than beat you

up.
Holmes's devotion to evidence and observation were
quite revolutionary in his day, and to Conan Doyle's
Victorian readers his methods must have seemed a bit like
science fiction. To the modern reader, it's obvious that
Holmes is employing rudimentary forensic science—a
huge advantage in an age when many people still believed
in fairies (as Conan Doyle did) and other supernatural
phenomena.
Although Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was keenly interested
in the supernatural, Holmes eschewed such ideas and
believed only in what he could prove. And while Conan
Doyle did place Holmes into some situations in which a
supernatural explanation seemed to be a possibility, in
every instance, Holmes managed to find a prosaic solution.
After all, as Holmes once said: "The world is big enough for
us. No ghosts need apply."[3]
Which leads us to the focus of this anthology and to
another of Holmes's famous quotes: "When you have
eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however
improbable, must be the truth."[4]
As a rationalist, I agree wholeheartedly with Holmes's
assessment of the world. But as a science fiction and
fantasy reader, I enjoy wondering what if. So that's the
question: If Holmes investigates a crime scene and has all
of his deduction techniques at his disposal, but one
variable has changed—Holmes can't eliminate the

impossible—what then?
Well, dear reader, you're about to find out. In the pages
that follow you'll find twenty-eight different mystery
scenarios, but when you investigate the crimes alongside
Holmes you will not be able to eliminate the impossible, for
in some of these stories the impossible does happen.
That's the idea behind this volume—to showcase the
best Holmes pastiches of the last thirty years, mixing the
best straight-up mystery stories with the best of those tales
tinged with the fantastic[5]. Meaning that some of the cases
you'll read about have prosaic solutions, while others will
have a decidedly more fantastic resolution.
Whether you're already quite familiar with the great
detective or you're just now going to be reading about him
for the first time; whether you're primarily a fan of mysteries
or primarily a fan of fantasy and science fiction—welcome.
Holmes's world is big enough for all of us.

A Sherlockiana Primer
by Christopher Roden
Fog swirls thickly in the streets, its gloom penetrated
from time to time by the weak gleam of a gaslight; a
hansom cab grinds its steady way through the murk; there
are occasional shouts from vendors and street urchins,
whistles as policemen go about their business. It is the
London of 1895, the London that will bring a stream of
unusual characters to 221B Baker Street seeking help from
the world's first and greatest consulting detective, Mr.
Sherlock Holmes.
When Arthur Conan Doyle (1859–1930) first created
the great detective, little did he know that he was beginning
a series of stories that would still be read some 120-odd
years later. But Conan Doyle was an inventive writer, and
the characters that filled his stories gripped the imagination
of his readers, who devoured episode after episode of the
adventures of Sherlock Holmes. In many ways the
characters of the Holmes stories are often more interesting
than the cases themselves.
So who are the major players on the Baker Street
stage? Putting Holmes himself aside (for Holmes is
recognisable even to people unfamiliar with the stories
themselves), Dr. John H. Watson has to be given pride of

place. A veteran of the second Afghan War, Watson, who
served as a Duty Surgeon, had been injured by a Jezail
bullet at the battle of Maiwand, and saved from certain
capture by the courage of his orderly, known to us only as
Murray. Pain and illness followed and an urgent return to
England became necessary. Watson naturally gravitated to
London where, following an introduction by a former
colleague, Stamford, he made the acquaintance of
Sherlock Holmes. It did not take the two long to decide to
share rooms in Baker Street. Throughout the adventures
Watson is the ever faithful companion, willing to accompany
Holmes at a moment's notice. He is never as smart as
Holmes—indeed, his conclusions are often considerably off
the mark—and Conan Doyle cleverly does not allow
Watson to appear more perceptive than his readers. But
without Watson there would be no Holmes stories, for
Watson chronicled Holmes's adventures and made Holmes
famous by publishing them for the reading public in The

Strand Magazine.
Although Holmes knew that he could always rely on
Watson's companionship and assistance, even a detective
as astute as Holmes occasionally needed the wisdom and
advice of others. But whose knowledge and deductive skills
would be sufficient to assist our genius hero? Obviously
someone who shared Holmes's faculties of deduction and
analysis—possibly to an even greater degree. For that
person we need look no further than Holmes's older
brother, Mycroft. Mycroft is an unusual character indeed, a

larger-than-life figure who spends his days passing
between his lodgings in Pall Mall, his office in Whitehall,
and the Diogenes Club ("the queerest club in London").
It came as something of a surprise to Dr. Watson to
discover that Holmes had a brother at all, and he could
never have dreamed of Mycroft's influence on national
affairs. ("Occasionally," Holmes told Watson, "he is the
British Government . . . . His position is unique. He has
made it for himself. There has never been anything like it
before, nor will be again. He has the tidiest and most
orderly brain, with the greatest capacity for storing facts of
any man living . . . . The conclusions of every department
are passed to him, and he is the central exchange, the
clearing-house, which makes out the balance. Other men
are specialists, but his specialism is omniscience . . . .
Again and again his word has decided the national policy.")
Quite a man. It's no wonder that Holmes was able to
entrust his affairs to Mycroft during the years of his "hiatus"
following his presumed death at the Reichenbach Falls.
Our next major player is the long-suffering Mrs.
Hudson, Holmes's landlady—a saint if ever there was one
for her tolerance of Holmes's chemical experiments, the
foul odours from his pipes, and his indoor pistol practice
(who else, we ask, would have put up with a tenant who
peppered the wall of his room with Boxer cartridges to
carve out "a patriotic V. R.[6] done in bullet-pocks"?)
Smaller players, but invaluable to Holmes, are the

band of a dozen or so ragged children (described as
"street Arabs") known as the Baker Street Irregulars, who
can go everywhere, see everything, overhear everyone, and
provide vital information to the great detective.
Given the nature of Holmes's business, it is inevitable
that Holmes should attract his fair share of enemies, and
chief among his adversaries has to be Professor James
Moriarty, the Napoleon of Crime—"the organizer of half that
is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city."
Although Moriarty plays a major role in only one canonical
story, his presence seems to pervade the canon. He is a
criminal mastermind with "a brain of the first order. He sits
motionless, like a spider in the centre of its web, but that
web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every
quiver of each of them." As Holmes noted, Moriarty did little
himself—he was the planner with numerous agents, and
there was little or no reason for the authorities to suspect
him of misdeeds. In what became the "Final Problem,"
Holmes lured Moriarty and his henchman, Colonel
Sebastian Moran, to Switzerland, where a final
confrontation took place above the Reichenbach Falls—a
struggle which Moriarty failed to survive.
Moriarty's second-in-command, Colonel Sebastian
Moran, once of Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the best
heavy game shot that Britain's Eastern Empire ever
produced, attempted to wreak vengeance with an air rifle
for Moriarty's death, in the adventure titled "The Empty
House," only to be deceived by a silhouette cast by a wax

bust commissioned by Holmes from the craftsman M.
Oscar Meunier of Grenoble.
Other villains worthy of mention are the master
blackmailer Charles Augustus Milverton ("the worst man in
London"); the evil Dr. Grimesby Roylott, whose demise was
brought about by the swamp adder with which he'd planned
to kill his step-daughters; and the disgusting Baron
Adelbert Gruner, murderer, and author of a "lust diary"
which "no man, even if he had come from the gutter, could
have put together."
While the Sherlockian canon is dominated by men,
Holmes encounters strong women, too. Prominent among
these are Kitty Winter, a victim of Baron Adelbert Gruner,
who takes her revenge for mistreatment at Gruner's hand
by throwing vitriol into his face. Nor should we overlook
Rachel Howells ("a very good girl, but of an excitable Welsh
temperament"), the jilted fiancée of the butler Brunton[7],
who took her revenge by incarcerating her ex-lover in a
cellar at Hurlestone Manor. Maud Bellamy[8] impressed
Holmes: "[She] will always remain in my memory as a most
complete and remarkable woman." But of all the women
Holmes encounters during his investigations, Irene Adler, or
the woman, as Holmes thinks of her, stands out. Irene
appears in only one story[9], but her presence casts a
shadow over the entire canon. In this spirited, intelligent,
daring, and courageous woman, Conan Doyle created the
female counterpart to Sherlock Holmes: a woman who lives

by her wits, is equal to Holmes in her use of disguise, and
has a splendid disregard for the mores of the time.
Inevitably, Holmes's business brings him in contact
with the official police force from time to time, and during
the course of the adventures we encounter a number of
officers: some who are capable, and some who do little
more than frustrate Holmes. We encounter the official force
in the very first Holmes story, A Study in Scarlet, when
Holmes is approached by Inspector Tobias Gregson.
"Gregson is the smartest of the Scotland Yarders," Holmes
tells Watson. "He and Lestrade are the pick of a bad lot." In
A Study in Scarlet, Holmes also encounters Inspector
Lestrade ("a little sallow, rat-faced, dark-eyed fellow,"
according to Watson), and he becomes a regular of the
Holmes adventures, appearing in thirteen of the stories.
Despite occasional difficulties with the official force,
Holmes is always prepared to assist; but on occasion
Holmes is also prepared to stretch the law for his own
ends, as instanced by the wonderfully humorous episode
(which shows Holmes's quiet contempt for the official force)
in "The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton" when
Lestrade visits Baker Street on the morning following
Milverton's murder:
"Criminals!" exclaimed Holmes. "Plural!"
"Yes, there were two of them. They were, as nearly as

possible, captured red-handed. We have their
footmarks, we have their description; it's ten to one
that we trace them. The first fellow was a bit too active,
but the second was caught by the under-gardener, and
only got away after a struggle. He was a middle-sized,
strongly built man—square jaw, thick neck, moustache,
a mask over his eyes."
"That's rather vague," said Sherlock Holmes. "Why, it
might be a description of Watson."
"It's true," said the Inspector, with much amusement. "It
might be a description of Watson."
Of the remainder of the official force, special mention
need only be made of Stanley Hopkins ("for whose future
Holmes had high hopes"), who appears in three of the
adventures, and who seems the most likely of all to have
been invited to Baker Street for a pleasant evening of
conversation.
Despite the wealth of characters who appear in the
Sherlockian canon, we lack information of a goodly number
of others who are given no more than passing mention. We
know that Holmes was involved in many more cases than
are reported, because both Holmes and Watson tell us so.
Who would not love to know more of the characters from
the unreported cases: the Grice Patersons, who had

singular adventures in the island of Uffa; Mr. & Mrs.
Dundas, who separated—not through any cause of
infidelity, but because Mr. Dundas was in the habit of
winding up every meal by taking out his false teeth and
hurling them at his wife; Merridew, of abominable memory,
who is recorded in Holmes's index[10]; Ricoletti of the clubfoot and his abominable wife; Mr. James Phillimore, who
stepped back into his own house to get his umbrella, and
was never more seen in this world. And who is not
prepared to ponder what political disgrace may have
ensued had the story concerning the politician, the
lighthouse, and the trained cormorant been released to the
public?
We should marvel at Arthur Conan Doyle's creativity
and the characters he gave us. Over the years others have
built upon these characters, adding more of their own in an
attempt to ensure that there is always a supply of new
Holmes adventures. In the pages that follow you will find
characters new and old—and some "rivals" of Sherlock
Holmes—making their way through the fog and the gaslight
to the door of 221B Baker Street. Hark! A barrel-organ is
playing at the corner of the street, the light brightens in the
window of Holmes's room, and the scene is set for another
adventure. The game is afoot!

The Doctor's Case
by Stephen King
Stephen King's most recent book is the short fiction
collection, Just After Sunset, which came out last fall.
Other new short stories include a collaboration with his
son, Joe Hill, called "Throttle," for the Richard
Matheson tribute anthology He Is Legend, and "UR," a
novella written exclusively for the Amazon Kindle.
King's next novel, due in November, is Under the
Dome, a thousand-plus-page epic he has been
working on for more than twenty-five years. His other
work includes dozens of classics, such as The Stand,
The Dark Tower, The Shining, 'Salem's Lot , and
many others.
Elementary, my dear Watson—or should that be, my
poor Watson? Poor Watson, ever drawing wrong
inferences, ever uninformed about some vital trivia,
ever in awe of Sherlock Holmes. No matter how many
cases they work on together, no matter how many
times Holmes explains his methods, Watson is
perpetually dumbfounded. We've all probably been
acquainted with someone who seemed to effortlessly
achieve brilliance while we labored in that person's

shadow, putting forth every effort we could muster and
achieving only mediocrity. In a very real sense Watson
is us, the reader. He is both the narrator, our window
into the world of Sherlock Holmes, and also the
character who echoes our own unremarkable
observations and ruminations. So in this story, when
Watson actually beats Holmes to the punch, it's not just
a victory for Watson, but for all of us, the ordinary, who
must muddle through with what we were given. It's a
necessary reminder that the race is not always to the
swift, that even demigods may stumble, and that even
the most humble among us can be struck by
inspiration.
I believe there was only one occasion upon which I
actually solved a crime before my slightly fabulous friend,
Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I say believe because my memory
began to grow hazy about the edges as I entered my ninth
decade; now, as I approach my centennial, the whole has
become downright misty. There may have been another
occasion, but if so I do not remember it.
I doubt that I shall ever forget this particular case no
matter how murky my thoughts and memories may
become, and I thought I might as well set it down before
God caps my pen forever. It cannot humiliate Holmes now,
God knows; he is forty years in his grave. That, I think, is
long enough to leave the tale untold. Even Lestrade, who

used Holmes upon occasion but never had any great liking
for him, never broke his silence in the matter of Lord Hull—
he hardly could have done so, considering the
circumstances. Even if the circumstances had been
different, I somehow doubt he would have. He and Holmes
baited each other, and I believe that Holmes may have
harboured actual hate in his heart for the policeman
(although he never would have admitted to such a low
emotion), but Lestrade had a queer respect for my friend.
It was a wet, dreary afternoon and the clock had just
rung half past one. Holmes sat by the window, holding his
violin but not playing it, looking silently out into the rain.
There were times, especially once his cocaine days were
behind him, when Holmes would grow moody to the point of
surliness when the skies remained stubbornly gray for a
week or more, and he had been doubly disappointed on
this day, for the glass had been rising since late the night
before and he had confidently predicted clearing skies by
ten this morning at the latest. Instead, the mist which had
been hanging in the air when I arose had thickened into a
steady rain, and if there was anything which rendered
Holmes moodier than long periods of rain, it was being
wrong.
Suddenly he straightened up, tweaking a violin string
with a fingernail, and smiled sardonically. "Watson! Here's
a sight! The wettest bloodhound you ever saw!"
It was Lestrade, of course, seated in the back of an

open wagon with water running into his close-set, fiercely
inquisitive eyes. The wagon had no more than stopped
before he was out, flinging the driver a coin, and striding
toward 221B Baker Street. He moved so quickly that I
thought he should run into our door like a battering ram.
I heard Mrs. Hudson remonstrating with him about his
decidedly damp condition and the effect it might have on
the rugs both downstairs and up, and then Holmes, who
could make Lestrade look like a tortoise when the urge
struck him, leaped across to the door and called down, "Let
him up, Mrs. H.—I'll put a newspaper under his boots if he
stays long, but I somehow think, yes, I really do think that . . .
"
Then Lestrade was bounding up the stairs, leaving
Mrs. Hudson to expostulate below. His colour was high, his
eyes burned, and his teeth—decidedly yellowed by tobacco
—were bared in a wolfish grin.
"Inspector Lestrade!" Holmes cried jovially. "What
brings you out on such a—"
No further did he get. Still panting from his climb,
Lestrade said, "I've heard gypsies say the devil grants
wishes. Now I believe it. Come at once if you'd have a try,
Holmes; the corpse is still fresh and the suspects all in a
row."
"You frighten me with your ardour, Lestrade!" Holmes
cried, but with a sardonic little waggle of his eyebrows.
"Don't play the shrinking violet with me, man—I've

come at the run to offer you the very thing for which you in
your pride have wished a hundred times or more in my own
hearing: the perfect locked-room mystery!"
Holmes had started into the corner, perhaps to get the
awful gold-tipped cane which he was for some reason
affecting that season. Now he whirled upon our damp
visitor, his eyes wide. "Lestrade! Are you serious?"
"Would I have risked wet-lung croup riding here in an
open wagon if I were not?" Lestrade countered.
Then, for the only time in my hearing (despite the
countless times the phrase has been attributed to him),
Holmes turned to me and cried: "Quick, Watson! The
game's afoot!"
On our way, Lestrade commented sourly that Holmes
also had the l uck of the devil; although Lestrade had
commanded the wagon-driver to wait, we had no more than
emerged from our lodgings when that exquisite rarity clipclopped down the street: an empty hackney in what had
become a driving rain. We climbed in and were off in a
trice. As always, Holmes sat on the left-hand side, his eyes
darting restlessly about, cataloguing everything, although
there was precious little to see on that day . . . or so it
seemed, at least, to the likes of me. I've no doubt every
empty street corner and rain-washed shop window spoke
volumes to Holmes.
Lestrade directed the driver to an address in Savile

Row, and then asked Holmes if he knew Lord Hull.
"I know of him," Holmes said, "but have never had the
good fortune of meeting him. Now I suppose I never shall.
Shipping, wasn't it?"
"Shipping," Lestrade agreed, "but the good fortune
was yours. Lord Hull was, by all accounts (including those of
his nearest and—ahem!—dearest), a thoroughly nasty
fellow, and as dotty as a puzzle-picture in a child's novelty
book. He's finished practicing both nastiness and dottiness
for good, however; around eleven o'clock this morning,
just"—he pulled out his turnip of a pocket-watch and looked
at it—"two hours and forty minutes ago, someone put a
knife in his back as he sat in his study with his will on the
blotter before him."
"So," Holmes said thoughtfully, lighting his pipe, "you
believe the study of this unpleasant Lord Hull is the perfect
locked room of my dreams, do you?" His eyes gleamed
sceptically through a rising rafter of blue smoke.
"I believe," Lestrade said quietly, "that it is."
"Watson and I have dug such holes before and never
struck water," Holmes remarked, and he glanced at me
before returning to his ceaseless catalogue of the streets
through which we passed. "Do you recall the 'Speckled
Band,' Watson?"
I hardly needed to answer him. There had been a
locked room in that business, true enough, but there had
also been a ventilator, a poisonous snake, and a killer

fiendish enough to introduce the latter into the former. It had
been the work of a cruelly brilliant mind, but Holmes had
seen to the bottom of the matter in almost no time at all.
"What are the facts, Inspector?" Holmes asked.
Lestrade began to lay them before us in the clipped
tones of a trained policeman. Lord Albert Hull had been a
tyrant in business and a despot at home. His wife had gone
in fear of him, and had apparently been justified in doing
so. The fact that she had borne him three sons seemed in
no way to have moderated his savage approach toward
their domestic affairs in general and toward her in
particular. Lady Hull had been reluctant to speak of these
matters, but her sons had no such reservations; their papa,
they said, had missed no opportunity to dig at her, to
criticize her, or to jest at her expense . . . all of this when
they were in company. When they were alone, he virtually
ignored her. Except, Lestrade added, when he felt moved
to beat her, which was by no means an uncommon
occurrence.
"William, the eldest, told me she always gave out the
same story when she came to the breakfast table with a
swollen eye or a mark on her cheek: that she had forgotten
to put on her spectacles and had run into a door. 'She ran
into doors once or twice a week,' William said. 'I didn't
know we had that many doors in the house.'"
"Hmmm," Holmes said. "A cheery fellow! The sons
never put a stop to it?"

"She wouldn't allow it," Lestrade said.
"Insanity," I returned. A man who would beat his wife is
an abomination; a woman who would allow it an
abomination and a perplexity.
"There was a method in her madness, though,"
Lestrade said. "Method and what you might call 'an
informed patience.' She was, after all, twenty years younger
than her lord and master. Also, Hull was a heavy drinker
and a champion diner. At age seventy, five years ago, he
developed gout and angina."
"Wait for the storm to end and then enjoy the
sunshine," Holmes remarked.
"Yes," Lestrade said, "but it's an idea which has led
many a man and woman through the devil's door, I'll be
bound. Hull made sure his family knew both his worth and
the provisions of his will. They were little better than slaves."
"With the will as their document of indenture," Holmes
murmured.
"Exactly so, old boy. At the time of his death, Hull's
worth was three hundred thousand pounds. He never asked
them to take his word for this; he had his chief accountant
to the house quarterly to detail the balance sheets of Hull
Shipping, although he kept the purse-strings firmly in his
own hands and tightly closed."
"Devilish!" I exclaimed, thinking of the cruel boys one
sometimes sees in Eastcheap or Piccadilly, boys who will
hold out a sweet to a starving dog to see it dance . . . and

then gobble it themselves while the hungry animal watches.
I was shortly to find this comparison even more apt than I
would have thought possible.
"On his death, Lady Rebecca was to receive one
hundred and fifty thousand pund'. William, the eldest, was to
receive fifty thousand; Jory, the middler, forty; and Stephen,
the youngest, thirty."
"And the other thirty thousand?" I asked.
"Small bequests, Watson: to a cousin in Wales, an
aunt in Brittany (not a cent for Lady Hull's relatives, though),
five thousand in assorted bequests to the servants. Oh, and
—you'll like this, Holmes—ten thousand pounds to Mrs.
Hemphill's Home for Abandoned Pussies."
"You're joking!" I cried, although if Lestrade expected a
similar reaction from Holmes, he was disappointed.
Holmes merely re-lighted his pipe and nodded as if he had
expected this . . . this or something like it. "With babies
dying of starvation in the East End and twelve-year-old
children working fifty hours a week in the mills, this fellow
left ten thousand pounds to a . . . a boarding-hotel for cats?"
"Exactly so," Lestrade said pleasantly. "Furthermore,
he should have left twenty-seven times that amount to Mrs.
Hemphill's Abandoned Pussies if not for whatever
happened this morning—and whoever did the business."
I could only gape at this, and try to multiply in my head.
While I was coming to the conclusion that Lord Hull had
intended to disinherit both wife and children in favour of a

resthome for felines, Holmes was looking sourly at
Lestrade and saying something which sounded to me like a
total non sequitur. "I am going to sneeze, am I not?"
Lestrade smiled. It was a smile of transcendent
sweetness. "Yes, my dear Holmes! Often and profoundly, I
fear."
Holmes removed his pipe, which he had just gotten
drawing to his satisfaction (I could tell by the way he settled
back slightly in his seat), looked at it for a moment, and
then held it out into the rain. More dumbfounded than ever, I
watched him knock out the damp and smouldering
tobacco.
"How many?" Holmes asked.
"Ten," Lestrade said with a fiendish grin.
"I suspected it was more than this famous locked room
of yours that brought you out in the back of an open wagon
on such a wet day," Holmes said sourly.
"Suspect as you like," Lestrade said gaily. "I'm afraid I
must go on to the scene of the crime—duty calls, you know
—but if you'd like, I could let you and the good doctor out
here."
"You are the only man I ever met," Holmes said,
"whose wit seems to be sharpened by foul weather. Does
that perhaps say something about your character, I
wonder? But never mind—that is, perhaps, a subject for
another day. Tell me this, Lestrade: when did Lord Hull
become sure that he was going to die?"

"Die?" I said. "My dear Holmes, whatever gives you
the idea that the man believed—"
"It's obvious, Watson," Holmes said. "C.I.B., as I have
told you at least a thousand times—character indexes
behaviour. It amused him to keep them in bondage by
means of his will . . . " He looked an aside at Lestrade. "No
trust arrangements, I take it? No entailments of any sort?"
Lestrade shook his head. "None whatever."
"Extraordinary!" I said.
"Not at all, Watson; character indexes behaviour,
remember. He wanted them to soldier along in the belief
that all would be theirs when he did them the courtesy of
dying, but he never actually intended any such thing. Such
behaviour would, in fact, have run completely across the
grain of his character. D'you agree, Lestrade?"
"As a matter of fact, I do," Lestrade replied.
"Then we are very well to this point, Watson, are we
not? All is clear? Lord Hull realizes he is dying. He waits . . .
makes absolutely sure that this time it's no mistake, no
false alarm . . . and then he calls his beloved family
together. When? This morning, Lestrade?"
Lestrade grunted an affirmative.
Holmes steepled his fingers beneath his chin. "He
calls them together and tells them he's made a new will,
one which disinherits all of them . . . all, that is, save for the
servants, his few distant relatives, and, of course, the
pussies."

I opened my mouth to speak, only to discover I was too
outraged to say anything. The image which kept returning to
my mind was that of those cruel boys, making the starving
East End curs jump with a bit of pork or a crumb of crust
from a meat pie. I must add it never occurred to me to ask
whether such a will could be disputed before the bar. Today
a man would have a deuce of a time slighting his closest
relatives in favour of a cat-hotel, but in 1899, a man's will
was a man's will, and unless many examples of insanity—
not eccentricity but outright insanity—could be proved, a
man's will, like God's, was done.
"This new will was properly witnessed?" Holmes
asked.
"Indeed it was," Lestrade replied. "Yesterday Lord
Hull's solicitor and one of his assistants appeared at the
house and were shown into Hull's study. There they
remained for about fifteen minutes. Stephen Hull says the
solicitor once raised his voice in protest about something—
he could not tell what—and was silenced by Hull. Jory, the
middle son, was upstairs, painting, and Lady Hull was
calling on a friend. But both Stephen and William Hull saw
these legal fellows enter, and leave a short time later.
William said that they left with their heads down, and
although William spoke, asking Mr. Barnes—the solicitor—
if he was well, and making some social remark about the
persistence of the rain, Barnes did not reply and the
assistant seemed actually to cringe. It was as if they were
ashamed, William said."

Well, so much for that possible loophole, I thought.
"Since we are on the subject, tell me about the boys,"
Holmes invited.
"As you like. It goes pretty much without saying that
their hatred for the pater was exceeded only by the pater's
boundless contempt for them . . . although how he could
hold Stephen in contempt is . . . well, never mind, I'll keep
things in their proper order."
"Yes, please be so kind as to do that," Holmes said
dryly.
"William is thirty-six. If his father had given him any sort
of allowance, I suppose he would be a bounder. As he had
little or none, he has spent his days in various gymnasiums,
involved in what I believe is called 'physical culture'—he
appears to be an extremely muscular fellow—and his nights
in various cheap coffee-houses, for the most part. If he did
happen to have a bit of money in his pockets, he was apt to
take himself off to a card-parlour, where he would lose it
quickly enough. Not a pleasant man, Holmes. A man who
has no purpose, no skill, no hobby, and no ambition (save
to outlive his father) could hardly be a pleasant man. I had
the queerest idea while talking to him that I was
interrogating not a man but an empty vase upon which the
face of Lord Hull had been lightly stamped."
"A vase waiting to be filled up with pounds sterling,"
Holmes commented.
"Jory is another matter," Lestrade went on. "Lord Hull

saved most of his contempt for him, calling him from his
earliest childhood by such endearing pet-names as 'FishFace' and 'Keg-Legs' and 'Stoat-Belly.' It's not hard to
understand such names, unfortunately; Jory Hull stands no
more than five feet tall, if that, is bow-legged, and of a
remarkably ugly countenance. He looks a bit like that poet
fellow. The pouf."
"Oscar Wilde?" asked I.
Holmes turned a brief, amused glance upon me. "I
think Lestrade means Algernon Swinburne," he said. "Who,
I believe, is no more a pouf than you are, Watson."
"Jory Hull was born dead," Lestrade said. "After he
remained blue and still for an entire minute, the doctor
pronounced him so and put a napkin over his misshapen
body. Lady Hull, in her one moment of heroism, sat up,
removed the napkin, and dipped the baby's legs into the
hot water which had been brought to be used at the birth.
The baby began to squirm and squall."
Lestrade grinned and lit a cigarillo with a flourish.
"Hull claimed this immersion had caused the boy's
bowed legs, and when he was in his cups, he taxed his wife
with it. Told her she should have left well enough alone.
Better Jory had been born dead than lived to be what he
was, he sometimes said—a scuttling creature with the legs
of a crab and the face of a cod."
Holmes's only reaction to this extraordinary (and to my
physician's mind rather suspect) story was to comment that

Lestrade had gotten a remarkably large body of information
in a remarkably short period of time.
"That points up one of the aspects of the case which I
thought would appeal to you, my dear Holmes," Lestrade
said as we swept into Rotten Row with a splash and a swirl.
"They need no coercion to speak; coercion's what it would
take to shut 'em up. They've had to remain silent all too
long. And then there's the fact that the new will is gone.
Relief loosens tongues beyond measure, I find."
"Gone!" I exclaimed, but Holmes took no notice; his
mind still ran upon Jory, the misshapen middle child.
"Is he ugly, then?" he asked Lestrade.
"Hardly handsome, but not as bad as some I've seen,"
Lestrade replied comfortably. "I believe his father
continually heaped vituperation on his head because—"
"—because he was the only one who had no need of
his father's money to make his way in the world," Holmes
finished for him.
Lestrade started. "The devil! How did you know that?"
"Because Lord Hull was reduced to carping at Jory's
physical faults. How it must have chafed the old devil to be
faced with a potential target so well armoured in other
respects! Baiting a man for his looks or his posture may be
fine for schoolboys or drunken louts, but a villain like Lord
Hull had no doubt become used to higher sport. I would
venture the opinion that he may have been rather afraid of
his bow-legged middle son. What was Jory's key to the cell

door?"
"Haven't I told you? He paints," Lestrade said.
"Ah!"
Jory Hull was, as the canvases in the lower halls of Hull
House later proved, a very good painter indeed. Not great; I
do not mean that at all. But his renderings of his mother and
brothers were faithful enough so that, years later, when I
saw colour photographs for the first time, my mind flashed
back to that rainy November afternoon in 1899. And the
one of his father perhaps wa s a work of greatness.
Certainly it startled (almost intimidated) with the
malevolence that seemed to waft out of the canvas like a
breath of dank graveyard air. Perhaps it wa s Algernon
Swinburne that Jory resembled, but his father's likeness—
at least as seen through the middle son's hand and eye—
reminded me of an Oscar Wilde character: that nearly
immortal roué, Dorian Gray.
His canvases were long, slow processes, but he was
able to quick-sketch with such nimble rapidity that he might
come home from Hyde Park on a Saturday afternoon with
as much as twenty pounds in his pockets.
"I'll wager his father enjoyed that," Holmes said. He
reached automatically for his pipe, then put it back again.
"The son of a Peer quick-sketching wealthy American
tourists and their sweethearts like a French Bohemian."
Lestrade laughed heartily. "He raged over it, as you
may imagine. But Jory—good for him!—wouldn't give over

his selling stall in Hyde Park . . . not, at least, until his father
agreed to an allowance of thirty-five pounds a week. He
called it low blackmail."
"My heart bleeds," I said.
"As does mine, Watson," Holmes said. "The third son,
Lestrade, quickly—we've almost reached the house, I
believe."
As Lestrade had intimated, surely Stephen Hull had
the greatest cause to hate his father. As his gout grew
worse and his head more muddled, Lord Hull surrendered
more and more of the company affairs to Stephen, who
was only twenty-eight at the time of his father's death. The
responsibilities devolved upon Stephen, and the blame
also devolved upon him if his least decision proved amiss.
Yet no financial gain accrued to him should he decide well
and his father's affairs prosper.
Lord Hull should have looked with favour upon
Stephen, as the only one of his children with an interest in
and an aptitude for the business he had founded; Stephen
was a perfect example of what the Bible calls "the good
son." Yet instead of displaying love and gratitude, Lord Hull
repaid the young man's largely successful efforts with
scorn, suspicion, and jealousy. On many occasions during
the last two years of his life, the old man had offered the
charming opinion that Stephen "would steal the pennies
from a dead man's eyes."
"The b——d!" I cried, unable to contain myself.

"Ignore the new will for a moment," Holmes said,
steepling his fingers again, "and return to the old one. Even
under the conditions of that marginally more generous
document, Stephen Hull would have had cause for
resentment. In spite of all his labours, which had not only
saved the family fortune but increased it, his reward was
still to have been the youngest son's share of the spoils.
What, by the way, was to have been the disposition of the
shipping company under the provisions of what we might
call the Pussy Will?"
I looked carefully at Holmes, but, as always, it was
difficult to tell if he had attempted a small bon mot. Even
after all the years I spent with him and all the adventures we
shared, Sherlock Holmes's sense of humour remains a
largely undiscovered country, even to me.
"It was to be handed over to the Board of Directors,
with no provision for Stephen," Lestrade said, and pitched
his cigarillo out the window as the hackney swept up the
curving drive of a house which looked extraordinarily ugly to
me just then, as it stood amid its brown lawns in the driving
rain. "Yet with the father dead and the new will nowhere to
be found, Stephen Hull has what the Americans call
'leverage.' The company will have him as managing
director. They should have done anyway, but now it will be
on Stephen Hull's terms."
"Yes," Holmes said. "Leverage. A good word." He
leaned out into the rain. "Stop short, driver!" he cried.

"We've not quite done!"
"As you say, guv'nor," the driver returned, "but it's
devilish wet out here."
"And you'll go with enough in your pocket to make your
innards as wet and devilish as your out'ards," Holmes said.
This seemed to satisfy the man, and he stopped thirty yards
from the front door of the great house. I listened to the rain
tip-tapping on the sides of the coach while Holmes
cogitated and then said: "The old will—the one he teased
them with—that document isn't missing, is it?"
"Absolutely not. It was on his desk, near his body."
"Four excellent suspects! Servants need not apply . . .
or so it seems now. Finish quickly, Lestrade—the final
circumstances, and the locked room."
Lestrade complied, consulting his notes from time to
time. A month previous, Lord Hull had observed a small
black spot on his right leg, directly behind the knee. The
family doctor was called. His diagnosis was gangrene, an
unusual but far from rare result of gout and poor circulation.
The doctor told him the leg would have to come off, and well
above the site of the infection.
Lord Hull laughed until tears streamed down his
cheeks. The doctor, who had expected any reaction but
this, was struck speechless. "When they stick me in my
coffin, sawbones," Hull said, "it will be with both legs still
attached, thank you very much."
The doctor told him that he sympathized with Lord

Hull's wish to keep his leg, but that without amputation he
would be dead in six months, and he would spend the last
two in exquisite pain. Lord Hull asked the doctor what his
chances of survival should be if he were to undergo the
operation. He was still laughing, Lestrade said, as though it
were the best joke he had ever heard. After some hemming
and hawing, the doctor said the odds were even.
"Bunk," said I.
"Exactly what Lord Hull said," Lestrade replied,
"except he used a term more often used in dosses than in
drawing-rooms."
Hull told the doctor that he himself reckoned his
chances at no better than one in five. "As to the pain, I don't
think it will come to that," he went on, "as long as there's
laudanum and a spoon to stir it with in stumping distance."
The next day, Hull finally sprang his nasty surprise—
that he was thinking of changing his will. Just how he did not
immediately say.
"Oh?" Holmes said, looking at Lestrade from those
cool gray eyes that saw so much. "And who, pray, was
surprised?"
"None of them, I should think. But you know human
nature, Holmes; how people hope against hope."
"And how some plan against disaster," Holmes said
dreamily.
This very morning Lord Hull had called his family into
the parlour, and when all were settled, he performed an act

few testators are granted, one which is usually performed
by the wagging tongues of their solicitors after their own
have been forever silenced. In short, he read them his new
will, leaving the balance of his estate to Mrs. Hemphill's
wayward pussies. In the silence which followed he rose, not
without difficulty, and favoured them all with a death's-head
grin. And leaning over his cane, he made the following
declaration, which I find as astoundingly vile now as I did
when Lestrade recounted it to us in that hackney cab: "So!
All is fine, is it not? Yes, very fine! You have served me
quite faithfully, woman and boys, for some forty years. Now I
intend, with the clearest and most serene conscience
imaginable, to cast you hence. But take heart! Things could
be worse! If there was time, the pharaohs had their
favourite pets—cats, for the most part—killed before they
died, so the pets might be there to welcome them into the
afterlife, to be kicked or petted there, at their masters'
whims, forever . . . and forever . . . and forever." Then he
laughed at them. He leaned over his cane and laughed
from his doughy, dying face, the new will—properly signed
and properly witnessed, as all of them had seen—clutched
in one claw of a hand.
William rose and said, "Sir, you may be my father and
the author of my existence, but you are also the lowest
creature to crawl upon the face of the earth since the
serpent tempted Eve in the Garden."
"Not at all!" the old monster returned, still laughing. "I
know four lower. Now, if you will pardon me, I have some

important papers to put away in my safe . . . and some
worthless ones to burn in the stove."
"He still had the old will when he confronted them?"
Holmes asked. He seemed more interested than startled.
"Yes."
"He could have burned it as soon as the new one was
signed and witnessed," Holmes mused. "He had all the
previous afternoon and evening to do so. But he didn't, did
he? Why not? How say you on that question, Lestrade?"
"He hadn't had enough of teasing them even then, I
suppose. He was offering them a chance—a temptation—
he believed all would refuse."
"Perhaps he believed one of them would not refuse,"
Holmes said. "Hasn't that idea at least crossed your mind?"
He turned his head and searched my face with the
momentary beam of his brilliant—and somehow chilling—
regard. "Either of your minds? Isn't it possible that such a
black creature might hold out such a temptation, knowing
that if one of his family were to succumb to it and put him
out of his misery—Stephen seems most likely from what
you say—that one might be caught . . . and swing for the
crime of patricide?"
I stared at Holmes in silent horror.
"Never mind," Holmes said. "Go on, Inspector—it's
time for the locked room to make its appearance, I
believe."
The four of them had sat in paralyzed silence as the

old man made his long, slow way up the corridor to his
study. There were no sounds but the thud of his cane, the
laboured rattle of his breathing, the plaintive miaow of a cat
in the kitchen, and the steady beat of the pendulum in the
parlour clock. Then they heard the squeal of hinges as Hull
opened his study door and stepped inside.
"Wait!" Holmes said sharply, sitting forward. "No one
actually saw him go in, did they?"
"I'm afraid that's not so, old chap," Lestrade returned.
"Mr. Oliver Stanley, Lord Hull's valet, had heard Lord Hull's
progress down the hall. He came from Hull's dressing
chamber, went to the gallery railing, and called down to ask
if all was well. Hull looked up—Stanley saw him as plainly
as I see you right now, old fellow—and said all was
absolutely tip-top. Then he rubbed the back of his head,
went in, and locked the study door behind him.
"By the time his father had reached the door (the
corridor is quite long and it may have taken him as much as
two minutes to make his way up it unaided) Stephen had
shaken off his stupor and had gone to the parlour door. He
saw the exchange between his father and his father's man.
Of course Lord Hull was back-to, but Stephen heard his
father's voice and described the same characteristic
gesture: Hull rubbing the back of his head."
"Could Stephen Hull and this Stanley fellow have
spoken before the police arrived?" I asked—shrewdly, I
thought.

"Of course they could," Lestrade said wearily. "They
probably did. But there was no collusion."
"You feel sure of that?" Holmes asked, but he sounded
uninterested.
"Yes. Stephen Hull would lie very well, I think, but
Stanley would do it very badly. Accept my professional
opinion or not, just as you like, Holmes."
"I accept it."
So Lord Hull passed into his study, the famous locked
room, and all heard the click of the lock as he turned the
key—the only key there was to that sanctum sanctorum.
This was followed by a more unusual sound: the bolt being
drawn across.
Then, silence.
The four of them—Lady Hull and her sons, so shortly to
be blue-blooded paupers—looked at one another in similar
silence. The cat miaowed again from the kitchen and Lady
Hull said in a distracted voice that if the housekeeper
wouldn't give that cat a bowl of milk, she supposed she
must. She said the sound of it would drive her mad if she
had to listen to it much longer. She left the parlour.
Moments later, without a word among them, the three sons
also left. William went to his room upstairs, Stephen
wandered into the music room, and Jory went to sit upon a
bench beneath the stairs where, he had told Lestrade, he
had gone since earliest childhood when he was sad or had
matters of deep difficulty to think over.

Less than five minutes later a shriek arose from the
study. Stephen ran out of the music room, where he had
been plinking out isolated notes on the piano. Jory met him
at the study door. William was already halfway downstairs
and saw them breaking in when Stanley, the valet, came
out of Lord Hull's dressing room and went to the gallery
railing for the second time. Stanley has testified to seeing
Stephen Hull burst into the study; to seeing William reach
the foot of the stairs and almost fall on the marble; to seeing
Lady Hull come from the dining-room doorway with a
pitcher of milk still in one hand. Moments later the rest of
the servants had gathered.
"Lord Hull was slumped over his writing-desk with the
three brothers standing by. His eyes were open, and the
look in them . . . I believe it was surprise. Again, you are
free to accept or reject my opinion just as you like, but I tell
you it looked very much like surprise to me. Clutched in his
hands was his will . . . the old one. Of the new one there
was no sign. And there was a dagger in his back."
With this, Lestrade rapped for the driver to go on.
We entered the house between two constables as
stone-faced as Buckingham Palace sentinels. Here to
begin with was a very long hall, floored in black and white
marble tiles like a chessboard. They led to an open door at
the end, where two more constables were posted: the
entrance to the infamous study. To the left were the stairs,
to the right two doors: the parlour and the music room, I

guessed.
"The family is gathered in the parlour," Lestrade said.
"Good," Holmes said pleasantly. "But perhaps Watson
and I might first have a look at the scene of the crime?"
"Shall I accompany you?"
"Perhaps not," Holmes said. "Has the body been
removed?"
"It was still here when I left for your lodgings, but by now
it almost certainly will be gone."
"Very good."
Holmes started away. I followed. Lestrade called,
"Holmes!"
Holmes turned, eyebrows raised.
"No secret panels, no secret doors. For the third time,
take my word or not, as you like."
"I believe I'll wait until . . . " Holmes began and then his
breath began to hitch. He scrambled in his pocket, found a
napkin probably carried absently away from the eatinghouse where we had dined the previous evening, and
sneezed mightily into it. I looked down and saw a large,
scarred tomcat, as out of place here in this grand hall as
would have been one of those urchins of whom I had been
thinking earlier, twining about Holmes's legs. One of its
ears was laid back against its scarred skull. The other was
gone, lost in some long-ago alley battle, I supposed.
Holmes sneezed repeatedly and kicked out at the cat.
It went with a reproachful backward look rather than with the

angry hiss one might have expected from such an old
campaigner. Holmes looked at Lestrade over the napkin
with reproachful, watery eyes. Lestrade, not in the least put
out of countenance, thrust his head forward and grinned like
a monkey. "Ten, Holmes," he said. "Ten. House is full of
felines. Hull loved 'em." And with that he walked off.
"How long have you suffered this affliction, old fellow?"
I asked. I was a bit alarmed.
"Always," he said, and sneezed again. The word
allergy was hardly known all those years ago, but that, of
course, was his problem.
"Do you want to leave?" I asked. I had once seen a
case of near asphyxiation as the result of such an aversion,
this one to sheep but otherwise similar in all respects.
"He'd like that," Holmes said. I did not need him to tell
me whom he meant. Holmes sneezed once more (a large
red welt was appearing on his normally pale forehead) and
then we passed between the constables at the study door.
Holmes closed it behind him.
The room was long and relatively narrow. It was at the
end of something like a wing, the main house spreading to
either side from an area roughly three-quarters of the way
down the hall. There were windows on two sides of the
study and it was bright enough in spite of the gray, rainy
day. The walls were dotted with colourful shipping charts in
handsome teak frames, and among them was mounted an
equally handsome set of weather instruments in a brass-

bound, glass-fronted case. It contained an anemometer
(Hull had the little whirling cups mounted on one of the
roofpeaks, I supposed), two thermometers (one registering
the outdoor temperature and the other that of the study),
and a barometer much like the one which had fooled
Holmes into believing the bad weather was about to break.
I noticed the glass was still rising, then looked outside. The
rain was falling harder than ever, rising glass or no rising
glass. We believe we know a great lot, with our instruments
and things, but I was old enough then to believe we don't
know half as much as we think we do, and old enough now
to believe we never will.
Holmes and I both turned to look at the door. The bolt
was torn free, but leaning inward, as it should have been.
The key was still in the study-side lock, and still turned.
Holmes's eyes, watering as they were, were
everywhere at once, noting, cataloguing, storing.
"You are a little better," I said.
"Yes," he said, lowering the napkin and stuffing it
indifferently back into his coat pocket. "He may have loved
'em, but he apparently didn't allow 'em in here. Not on a
regular basis, anyway. What do you make of it, Watson?"
Although my eyes were slower than his, I was also
looking around. The double windows were all locked with
thumb-turns and small brass side-bolts. None of the panes
had been broken. Most of the framed charts and the box of
weather instruments were between these windows. The

other two walls were filled with books. There was a small
coal-stove but no fireplace; the murderer hadn't come down
the chimney like Father Christmas, not unless he was
narrow enough to fit through a stovepipe and clad in an
asbestos suit, for the stove was still very warm.
The desk stood at one end of this long, narrow, well-lit
room; the opposite end was a pleasantly bookish area, not
quite a library, with two high-backed upholstered chairs and
a coffee-table between them. On this table was a random
stack of volumes. The floor was covered with a Turkish rug.
If the murderer had come through a trap-door, I hadn't the
slightest idea how he'd gotten back under that rug without
disarranging it . . . and it was not disarranged, not in the
slightest: the shadows of the coffee-table legs lay across it
without even a hint of a ripple.
"Did you believe it, Watson?" Holmes asked,
snapping me out of what was almost a hypnotic trance.
Something . . . something about that coffee-table . . .
"Believe what, Holmes?"
"That all four of them simply walked out of the parlour,
in four different directions, four minutes before the murder?"
"I don't know," I said faintly.
"I don't believe it; not for a mo—" He broke off.
"Watson! Are you all right?"
"No," I said in a voice I could hardly hear myself. I
collapsed into one of the library chairs. My heart was
beating too fast. I couldn't seem to catch my breath. My

head was pounding; my eyes seemed to have suddenly
grown too large for their sockets. I could not take them from
the shadows of the coffee-table legs upon the rug. "I am
most . . . definitely not . . . all right."
At that moment Lestrade appeared in the study
doorway. "If you've looked your fill, H—" He broke off.
"What the devil's the matter with Watson?"
"I believe," said Holmes in a calm, measured voice,
"that Watson has solved the case. Have you, Watson?"
I nodded my head. Not the entire case, perhaps, but
most of it. I knew who; I knew how.
"Is it this way with you, Holmes?" I asked. "When
you . . . see?"
"Yes," he said, "though I usually manage to keep my
feet."
"Watson's solved the case?" Lestrade said
impatiently. "Bah! Watson's offered a thousand solutions to
a hundred cases before this, Holmes, as you very well
know, and all of them wrong. It's his bête noire. Why, I
remember just this last summer—"
"I know more about Watson than you ever shall,"
Holmes said, "and this time he has hit upon it. I know the
look." He began to sneeze again; the cat with the missing
ear had wandered into the room through the door which
Lestrade had left open. It moved directly toward Holmes
with an expression of what seemed to be affection on its
ugly face.

"If this is how it is for you," I said, "I'll never envy you
again, Holmes. My heart should burst."
"One becomes inured even to insight," Holmes said,
with not the slightest trace of conceit in his voice. "Out with
it, then . . . or shall we bring in the suspects, as in the last
chapter of a detective novel?"
"No!" I cried in horror. I had seen none of them; I had
no urge to. "Only I think I must show you how it was done. If
you and Inspector Lestrade will only step out into the hall for
a moment . . . "
The cat reached Holmes and jumped into his lap,
purring like the most satisfied creature on earth.
Holmes exploded into a perfect fusillade of sneezes.
The red patches on his face, which had begun to fade,
burst out afresh. He pushed the cat away and stood up.
"Be quick, Watson, so we can leave this damned
place," he said in a muffled voice, and left the room with his
shoulders in an uncharacteristic hunch, his head down, and
with not a single look back. Believe me when I say that a
little of my heart went with him.
Lestrade stood leaning against the door, his wet coat
steaming slightly, his lips parted in a detestable grin. "Shall
I take Holmes's new admirer, Watson?"
"Leave it," I said, "and close the door when you go
out."
"I'd lay a fiver you're wasting our time, old man,"
Lestrade said, but I saw something different in his eyes: if

I'd offered to take him up on the wager, he would have
found a way to squirm out of it.
"Close the door," I repeated. "I shan't be long."
He closed the door. I was alone in Hull's study . . .
except for the cat, of course, which was now sitting in the
middle of the rug, tail curled neatly about its paws, green
eyes watching me.
I felt in my pockets and found my own souvenir from
last night's dinner—men on their own are rather untidy
people, I fear, but there was a reason for the bread other
than general slovenliness. I almost always kept a crust in
one pocket or the other, for it amused me to feed the
pigeons that landed outside the very window where Holmes
had been sitting when Lestrade drove up.
"Pussy," said I, and put the bread beneath the coffeetable—the coffee-table to which Lord Hull would have
presented his back when he sat down with his two wills, the
wretched old one and the even more wretched new one.
"Puss-puss-puss."
The cat rose and walked languidly beneath the table to
investigate the crust.
I went to the door and opened it. "Holmes! Lestrade!
Quickly!"
They came in.
"Step over here," I said, and walked to the coffeetable.
Lestrade looked about and began to frown, seeing

nothing; Holmes, of course, began to sneeze again. "Can't
we have that wretched thing out of here?" he managed from
behind the table-napkin, which was now quite soggy.
"Of course," said I. "But where is the wretched thing,

Holmes?"
A startled expression filled his wet eyes. Lestrade
whirled, walked toward Hull's writing-desk, and peered
behind it. Holmes knew his reaction should not have been
so violent if the cat had been on the far side of the room. He
bent and looked beneath the coffee-table, saw nothing but
the rug and the bottom row of the two bookcases opposite,
and straightened up again. If his eyes had not been
spouting like fountains, he should have seen all then; he
was, after all, right on top of it. But one must also give credit
where credit is due, and the illusion was devilishly good.
The empty space beneath his father's coffee-table had
been Jory Hull's masterpiece.
"I don't—" Holmes began, and then the cat, who found
my friend much more to its liking than any stale crust of
bread, strolled out from beneath the table and began once
more to twine ecstatically about his ankles. Lestrade had
returned, and his eyes grew so wide I thought they might
actually fall out. Even having understood the trick, I myself
was amazed. The scarred tomcat seemed to be
materializing out of thin air; head, body, white-tipped tail
last.
It rubbed against Holmes's leg, purring as Holmes

sneezed.
"That's enough," I said. "You've done your job and may
leave."
I picked it up, took it to the door (getting a good
scratch for my pains), and tossed it unceremoniously into
the hall. I shut the door behind it.
Holmes was sitting down. "My God," he said in a
nasal, clogged voice. Lestrade was incapable of any
speech at all. His eyes never left the table and the faded
Turkish rug beneath its legs: an empty space that had
somehow given birth to a cat.
"I should have seen," Holmes was muttering. "Yes . . .
but you . . . how did you understand so quickly?" I detected
the faintest hurt and pique in that voice, and forgave it at
once.
"It was those," I said, and pointed at the rug.
"Of course!" Holmes nearly groaned. He slapped his
welted forehead. "Idiot! I'm a perfect idiot!"
"Nonsense," I said tartly. "With a houseful of cats—and
one who has apparently picked you out for a special friend
—I suspect you were seeing ten of everything."
"What about the rug?" Lestrade asked impatiently. "It's
very nice, I'll grant, and probably expensive, but—"
"Not the rug," I said. "The shadows"
"Show him, Watson," Holmes said wearily, lowering
the napkin into his lap.

So I bent and picked one of them off the floor.
Lestrade sat down in the other chair, hard, like a man
who has been unexpectedly punched.
"I kept looking at them, you see," I said, speaking in a
tone which could not help being apologetic. This seemed
all wrong. It was Holmes's job to explain the whos and hows
at the end of the investigation. Yet while I saw that he now
understood everything, I knew he would refuse to speak in
this case. And I suppose a part of me—the part that knew I
would probably never have another chance to do something
like this—wanted to be the one to explain. And the cat was
rather a nice touch, I must say. A magician could have done
no better with a rabbit and a top-hat.
"I knew something was wrong, but it took a moment for
it to sink in. This room is extremely bright, but today it's
pouring down rain. Look around and you'll see that not a
single object in this room casts a shadow . . . except for

these table-legs."
Lestrade uttered an oath.
"It's rained for nearly a week," I said, "but both
Holmes's barometer and the late Lord Hull's"—I pointed to
it—"said that we could expect sun today. In fact, it seemed
a sure thing. So he added the shadows as a final touch."
"Who did?"
"Jory Hull," Holmes said in that same weary tone.
"Who else?"
I bent down and reached my hand beneath the right

end of the coffee-table. It disappeared into thin air, just as
the cat had appeared. Lestrade uttered another startled
oath. I tapped the back of the canvas stretched tightly
between the forward legs of the coffee-table. The books
and the rug bulged and rippled, and the illusion, nearly
perfect as it had been, was instantly dispelled.
Jory Hull had painted the nothing under his father's
coffee-table, had crouched behind the nothing as his father
entered the room, locked the door, and sat at his desk with
his two wills, and at last had rushed out from behind the
nothing, dagger in hand.
"He was the only one who could execute such an
extraordinary piece of realism," I said, this time running my
hand down the face of the canvas. We could all hear the low
rasping sound it made, like the purr of a very old cat. "The
only one who could execute it, and the only one who could
hide behind it: Jory Hull, who was no more than five feet tall,
bow-legged, slump-shouldered.
"As Holmes said, the surprise of the new will was no
surprise. Even if the old man had been secretive about the
possibility of cutting the relatives out of the will, which he
wasn't, only simpletons could have mistaken the import of
the visit from the solicitor and, more important, the
assistant. It takes two witnesses to make a will a valid
document at Chancery. What Holmes said about some
people preparing for disaster was very true. A canvas as
perfect as this was not made overnight, or in a month. You

may find he had it ready, should it need to be used, for as
long as a year—"
"Or five," Holmes interpolated.
"I suppose. At any rate, when Hull announced that he
wanted to see his family in the parlour this morning, I
imagine Jory knew the time had come. After his father had
gone to bed last night, he would have come down here and
mounted his canvas. I suppose he may have put down the
faux shadows at the same time, but if I had been Jory I
should have tip-toed in here for another peek at the glass
this morning, before the previously announced parlour
gathering, just to make sure it was still rising. If the door
was locked, I suppose he filched the key from his father's
pocket and returned it later."
"Wasn't locked," Lestrade said laconically. "As a rule
he kept the door shut to keep the cats out, but rarely locked
it."
"As for the shadows, they are just strips of felt, as you
now see. His eye was good, they are about where they
would have been at eleven this morning . . . if the glass had
been right."
"If he expected the sun to be shining, why did he put
down shadows at all?" Lestrade grumped. "Sun puts 'em
down as a matter of course, just in case you've never
noticed your own, Watson."
Here I was at a loss. I looked at Holmes, who seemed
grateful to have any part in the answer.

"Don't you see? That is the greatest irony of all! If the
sun had shone as the glass suggested it would, the canvas
would have blocked the shadows. Painted shadow-legs
don't cast them, you know. He was caught by shadows on a
day when there were none because he was afraid he would
be caught by none on a day when his father's barometer
said they would almost certainly be everywhere else in the
room."
"I still don't understand how Jory got in here without Hull
seeing him," Lestrade said.
"That puzzles me as well," Holmes said—dear old
Holmes! I doubt that it puzzled him a bit, but that was what
he said. "Watson?"
"The parlour where Lord Hull met with his wife and
sons has a door which communicates with the music room,
does it not?"
"Yes," Lestrade said, "and the music room has a door
which communicates with Lady Hull's morning room, which
is next in line as one goes toward the back of the house.
But from the morning room one can only go back into the
hall, Doctor Watson. If there had been two doors into Hull's
study, I should hardly have come after Holmes on the run as
I did."
He said this last in tones of faint self-justification.
"Oh, Jory went back into the hall, all right," I said, "but
his father didn't see him."
"Rot!"

"I'll demonstrate," I said, and went to the writing-desk,
where the dead man's cane still leaned. I picked it up and
turned toward them. "The very instant Lord Hull left the
parlour, Jory was up and on the run."
Lestrade shot a startled glance at Holmes; Holmes
gave the inspector a cool, ironic look in return. I did not
understand those looks then, nor give them much thought at
all, if the whole truth be told. I did not fully understand the
wider implications of the picture I was drawing for yet a
while. I was too wrapped up in my own re-creation, I
suppose.
"He nipped through the first connecting door, ran
across the music room, and entered Lady Hull's morning
room. He went to the hall door then and peeked out. If Lord
Hull's gout had gotten so bad as to have brought on
gangrene, he would have progressed no more than a
quarter of the way down the hall, and that is optimistic. Now
mark me, Inspector Lestrade, and I will show you the price
a man pays for a lifetime of rich food and strong drink. If you
harbour any doubts when I've done, I shall parade a dozen
gout sufferers before you, and each one will show the same
ambulatory symptoms I now intend to demonstrate. Please
notice above all how fixed my attention is . . . and where"
With that I began to stump slowly across the room
toward them, both hands clamped tightly on the ball of the
cane. I would raise one foot quite high, bring it down,
pause, and then draw the other leg along. Never did my

eyes look up. Instead, they alternated between the cane
and that forward foot.
"Yes," Holmes said quietly. "The good doctor is exactly
right, Inspector Lestrade. The gout comes first; then the
loss of balance; then (if the sufferer lives long enough), the
characteristic stoop brought on by always looking down."
"Jory would have been very aware of how his father
fixed his attention when he walked from place to place," I
said. "As a result, what happened this morning was
diabolically simple. When Jory reached the morning room,
he peeped out the door, saw his father studying his feet
and the tip of his cane—just as always—and knew he was
safe. He stepped out, right in front of his unseeing father,
and simply nipped into the study. The door, Lestrade
informs us, was unlocked, and really, how great would the
risk have been? They were in the hall together for no more
than three seconds, and probably a little less." I paused.
"That hall floor is marble, isn't it? He must have kicked off
his shoes."
"He was wearing slippers," Lestrade said in a
strangely calm tone of voice, and for the second time, his
eyes met Holmes's.
"Ah," I said. "I see. Jory gained the study well ahead of
his father and hid behind his cunning stage-flat. Then he
withdrew the dagger and waited. His father reached the
end of the hall. Jory heard Stanley call down to him, and
heard his father call back that he was fine. Then Lord Hull

entered his study for the last time . . . closed the door . . .
and locked it."
They were both looking at me intently, and I understood
some of the godlike power Holmes must have felt at
moments like these, telling others what only he could know.
And yet, I must repeat that it is a feeling I should not have
wanted to have too often. I believe the urge to repeat such a
feeling would have corrupted most men—men with less iron
in their souls than was possessed by my friend Sherlock
Holmes.
"Old Keg-Legs would have made himself as small as
possible before the locking-up happened, perhaps knowing
(or only suspecting) that his father would have one good
look round before turning the key and shooting the bolt. He
may have been gouty and going a bit soft about the edges,
but that doesn't mean he was going blind."
"Stanley says his eyes were top-hole," Lestrade said.
"One of the first things I asked."
"So he looked round," I said, and suddenly I could see
it, and I suppose this was also the way it was with Holmes;
this reconstruction which, while based only upon facts and
deduction, seemed to be half a vision. "He saw nothing to
alarm him; nothing but the study as it always was, empty
save for himself. It is a remarkably open room—I see no
closet door, and with the windows on both sides, there are
no dark nooks and crannies even on such a day as this.
"Satisfied that he was alone, he closed the door,

turned his key, and shot the bolt. Jory would have heard him
stump his way across to the desk. He would have heard the
heavy thump and wheeze of the chair cushion as his father
landed on it—a man in whom gout is well-advanced does
not sit so much as position himself over a soft spot and
then drop onto it, seat-first—and then Jory would at last
have risked a look out."
I glanced at Holmes.
"Go on, old man," he said warmly. "You are doing
splendidly. Absolutely first rate." I saw he meant it.
Thousands would have called him cold, and they would not
have been wrong, precisely, but he also had a large heart.
Holmes simply protected it better than most men do.
"Thank you. Jory would have seen his father put his
cane aside, and place the papers—the two packets of
papers—on the blotter. He did not kill his father
immediately, although he could have done; that's what's so
gruesomely pathetic about this business, and that's why I
wouldn't go into that parlour where they are for a thousand
pounds. I wouldn't go in unless you and your men dragged
me."
"How do you know he didn't do it immediately?"
Lestrade asked.
"The scream came several minutes after the key was
turned and the bolt drawn; you said so yourself, and I
assume you have enough testimony on that point not to
doubt it. Yet it can only be a dozen long paces from door to

desk. Even for a gouty man like Lord Hull, it would have
taken half a minute, forty seconds at the outside, to cross to
the chair and sit down. Add fifteen seconds for him to prop
his cane where you found it, and put his wills on the blotter.
"What happened then? What happened during that last
minute or two, a short time which must have seemed—to
Jory Hull, at least—almost endless? I believe Lord Hull
simply sat there, looking from one will to the other. Jory
would have been able to tell the difference between the two
easily enough; the differing colours of the parchment would
have been all the clew he needed.
"He knew his father intended to throw one of them into
the stove; I believe he waited to see which one it would be.
There was, after all, a chance that the old devil was only
having a cruel practical joke at his family's expense.
Perhaps he would burn the new will, and put the old one
back in the safe. Then he could have left the room and told
his family the new will was safely put away. Do you know
where it is, Lestrade? The safe?"
"Five of the books in that case swing out," Lestrade
said briefly, pointing to a shelf in the library area.
"Both family and old man would have been satisfied
then; the family would have known their earned inheritances
were safe, and the old man would have gone to his grave
believing he had perpetrated one of the cruellest practical
jokes of all time . . . but he would have gone as God's victim
or his own, and not Jory Hull's."

Yet a third time that queer look, half-amused and halfrevolted, passed between Holmes and Lestrade.
"Myself, I rather think the old man was only savouring
the moment, as a man may savour the prospect of an afterdinner drink in the middle of the afternoon or a sweet after a
long period of abstinence. At any rate, the minute passed,
and Lord Hull began to rise . . . but with the darker
parchment in his hand, and facing the stove rather than the
safe. Whatever his hopes may have been, there was no
hesitation on Jory's part when the moment came. He burst
from hiding, crossed the distance between the coffee-table
and the desk in an instant, and plunged the knife into his
father's back before he was fully up.
"I suspect the post-mortem will show the thrust clipped
through the heart's right ventricle and into the lung—that
would explain the quantity of blood expelled onto the
desktop. It also explains why Lord Hull was able to scream
before he died, and that's what did for Mr. Jory Hull."
"How so?" Lestrade asked.
"A locked room is a bad business unless you intend to
pass murder off as suicide," I said, looking at Holmes. He
smiled and nodded at this maxim of his. "The last thing Jory
would have wanted was for things to look as they did . . . the
locked room, the locked windows, the man with a knife in
him where the man himself never could have put it. I think he
had never foreseen his father dying with such a squawl. His
plan was to stab him, burn the new will, rifle the desk,

unlock one of the windows, and escape that way. He would
have entered the house by another door, resumed his seat
under the stairs, and then, when the body was finally
discovered, it would have looked like robbery."
"Not to Hull's solicitor," Lestrade said.
"He might well have kept his silence, however,"
Holmes mused, and then added brightly, "I'll bet our artistic
friend intended to add a few tracks, too. I have found that
the better class of murderer almost always likes to throw in
a few mysterious tracks leading away from the scene of the
crime." He uttered a brief, humourless sound that was more
bark than laugh, then looked back from the window nearest
the desk to Lestrade and me. "I think we all agree it would
have seemed a suspiciously convenient murder, under the
circumstances, but even if the solicitor spoke up, nothing
could have been proved."
"By screaming, Lord Hull spoiled everything," I said,
"as he had been spoiling things all his life. The house was
roused. Jory must have been in a total panic, frozen to the
spot the way a deer is by a bright light. It was Stephen Hull
who saved the day . . . or Jory's alibi, at least, the one which
had him sitting on the bench under the stairs when his
father was murdered. Stephen rushed down the hall from
the music room, smashed the door open, and must have
hissed at Jory to get over to the desk with him, at once, so
it would look as if they had broken in togeth—"
I broke off, thunderstruck. At last I understood the

glances which had been flashing between Holmes and
Lestrade. I understood what they must have seen from the
moment I showed them the trick hiding place: it could not
have been done alone. The killing, yes, but the rest . . .
"Stephen said he and Jory met at the study door," I
said slowly. "That he, Stephen, burst it in and they entered
together, discovered the body together. He lied. He might
have done it to protect his brother, but to lie so well when
one doesn't know what has happened seems . . .
seems . . . "
"Impossible," Holmes said, "is the word for which you
are searching, Watson."
"Then Jory and Stephen went in on it together," I said.
"They planned it together . . . and in the eyes of the law,
both are guilty of their father's murder! My God!"
"Not both of them, my dear Watson," Holmes said in a
tone of curious gentleness. "All of them."
I could only gape.
He nodded. "You have shown remarkable insight this
morning, Watson; you have, in fact, burned with a deductive
heat I'll wager you'll never generate again. My cap is off to
you, dear fellow, as it is to any man who is able to
transcend his normal nature, no matter how briefly. But in
one way you have remained the same dear chap you've
always been: while you understand how good people can
be, you have no understanding of how black they may be."
I looked at him silently, almost humbly.

"Not that there was much blackness here, if half of
what we've heard of Lord Hull was true," Holmes said. He
rose and began to pace irritably about the study. "Who
testifies that Jory was with Stephen when the door was
smashed in? Jory, naturally. Stephen, naturally. But there
are two other faces in this family portrait. One belongs to
William, the third brother. Do you concur, Lestrade?"
"Yes," Lestrade said. "If this is the straight of the
matter, William also had to be in on it. He said he was
halfway down the stairs when he saw the two of them go in
together, Jory a little ahead."
"How interesting!" Holmes said, eyes gleaming.
"Stephen breaks in the door—as the younger and stronger
of course he must—and so one would expect simple
forward momentum would have carried him into the room
first. Yet William, halfway down the stairs, saw Jory enter
first. Why was that, Watson?"
I could only shake my head numbly.
"Ask yourself whose testimony, and whose testimony
alone, we can trust here. The answer is the only witness
who is not part of the family: Lord Hull's man, Oliver Stanley.
He approached the gallery railing in time to see Stephen
enter the room, and that is just as it should have been,
since Stephen was alone when he broke it in. It was
William, with a better angle from his place on the stairs,
who said he saw Jory precede Stephen into the study.
William said so because he had seen Stanley and knew

what he must say. It boils down to this, Watson: we know
Jory was inside this room. Since both of his brothers testify
he was outside, there was, at the very least, collusion. But
as you say, the smooth way they all pulled together
suggests something far more serious."
"Conspiracy," I said.
"Yes. Do you recall my asking you, Watson, if you
believed all four of them simply walked wordlessly out of
that parlour in four different directions after they heard the
study door locked?"
"Yes. Now I do."
"The four of them." He looked briefly at Lestrade, who
nodded, and then back at me. "We know Jory had to have
been up and off and about his business the moment the old
man left the parlour in order to reach the study ahead of
him, yet all four of the surviving family—including Lady Hull
—say they were in the parlour when Lord Hull locked his
study door. The murder of Lord Hull was very much a family
affair, Watson."
I was too staggered to say anything. I looked at
Lestrade and saw an expression on his face I had never
seen there before nor ever did again; a kind of tired
sickened gravity.
"What may they expect?" Holmes said, almost
genially.
"Jory will certainly swing," Lestrade said. "Stephen will
go to jail for life. William Hull may get life, but will more likely

get twenty years in Wormwood Scrubs, a kind of living
death."
Holmes bent and stroked the canvas stretched
between the legs of the coffee-table. It made that odd
hoarse purring noise.
"Lady Hull," Lestrade went on, "may expect to spend
the next five years of her life in Beechwood Manor, more
commonly known to the inmates as Poxy Palace . . .
although, having met the lady, I rather suspect she will find
another way out. Her husband's laudanum would be my
guess."
"All because Jory Hull missed a clean strike," Holmes
remarked, and sighed. "If the old man had had the common
decency to die silently, all would have been well. Jory
would, as Watson says, have left by the window, taking his
canvas with him, of course . . . not to mention his trumpery
shadows. Instead, he raised the house. All the servants
were in, exclaiming over the dead master. The family was
in confusion. How shabby their luck was, Lestrade! How
close was the constable when Stanley summoned him?"
"Closer than you would believe," Lestrade said.
"Hurrying up the drive to the door, as a matter of fact. He
was passing on his regular rounds, and heard a scream
from the house. Their luck was shabby."
"Holmes," I said, feeling much more comfortable in my
old role, "how did you know a constable was so nearby?"
"Simplicity itself, Watson. If not, the family would have

shooed the servants out long enough to hide the canvas
and 'shadows.'"
"Also to unlatch at least one window, I should think,"
Lestrade added in a voice uncustomarily quiet.
"They could have taken the canvas and the shadows,"
I said suddenly.
Holmes turned toward me. "Yes."
Lestrade raised his eyebrows.
"It came down to a choice," I said to him. "There was
time enough to burn the new will or get rid of the huggermugger . . . this would have been just Stephen and Jory, of
course, in the moments after Stephen burst in the door.
They—or, if you've got the temperature of the characters
right, and I suppose you do, Stephen—decided to burn the
will and hope for the best. I suppose there was just enough
time to chuck it into the stove."
Lestrade turned, looked at it, then looked back. "Only a
man as black as Hull would have found strength enough to
scream at the end," he said.
"Only a man as black as Hull would have required a
son to kill him," Holmes rejoined.
He and Lestrade looked at each other, and again
something passed between them, some perfectly silent
communication from which I myself was excluded.
"Have you ever done it?" Holmes asked, as if picking
up on an old conversation.
Lestrade shook his head. "Once came damned

close," he said. "There was a girl involved, not her fault, not
really. I came close. Yet . . . that was only one."
"And here there are four," Holmes returned,
understanding him perfectly. "Four people ill-used by a
villain who should have died within six months anyway."
At last I understood what they were discussing.
Holmes turned his gray eyes on me. "What say you,
Lestrade? Watson has solved this one, although he did not
see all the ramifications. Shall we let Watson decide?"
"All right," Lestrade said gruffly. "Just be quick. I want
to get out of this damned room."
Instead of answering, I bent down, picked up the felt
shadows, rolled them into a ball, and put them in my coat
pocket. I felt quite odd doing it: much as I had felt when in
the grip of the fever which almost took my life in India.
"Capital fellow, Watson!" Holmes cried. "You've solved
your first case, become an accessory to murder, and it's
not even tea-time! And here's a souvenir for myself—an
original Jory Hull. I doubt it's signed, but one must be
grateful for whatever the gods send us on rainy days." He
used his penknife to loosen the artist's glue holding the
canvas to the legs of the coffee-table. He made quick work
of it; less than a minute later he was slipping a narrow
canvas tube into the inner pocket of his voluminous
greatcoat.
"This is a dirty piece of work," Lestrade said, but he
crossed to one of the windows and, after a moment's

hesitation, released the locks which held it and opened it
half an inch or so.
"Say it's dirty work undone," Holmes said in a tone of
almost hectic gaiety. "Shall we go, gentlemen?"
We crossed to the door. Lestrade opened it. One of
the constables asked him if there was any progress.
On another occasion Lestrade might have shown the
man the rough side of his tongue. This time he said shortly,
"Looks like attempted robbery gone to something worse. I
saw it at once, of course; Holmes a moment later."
"Too bad!" the other constable ventured.
"Yes," Lestrade said, "but at least the old man's
scream sent the thief packing before he could steal
anything. Carry on."
We left. The parlour door was open, but I kept my head
down as we passed it. Holmes looked, of course; there
was no way he could not have done. It was just the way he
was made. As for me, I never saw any of the family. I never
wanted to.
Holmes was sneezing again. His friend was twining
around his legs and miaowing blissfully. "Let me out of
here," he said, and bolted.
An hour later we were back at 221B Baker Street, in
much the same positions we had occupied when Lestrade
came driving up: Holmes in the window-seat, myself on the
sofa.

"Well, Watson," Holmes said presently, "how do you
think you'll sleep tonight?"
"Like a top," I said. "And you?"
"Likewise, I'm sure," he said. "I'm glad to be away from
those damned cats, I can tell you that."
"How will Lestrade sleep, d'you think?"
Holmes looked at me and smiled. "Poorly tonight.
Poorly for a week, perhaps. But then he'll be all right.
Among his other talents, Lestrade has a great one for
creative forgetting."
That made me laugh.
"Look, Watson!" Holmes said. "Here's a sight!" I got
up and went to the window, somehow sure I would see
Lestrade riding up in the wagon once more. Instead I saw
the sun breaking through the clouds, bathing London in a
glorious late-afternoon light.
"It came out after all," Holmes said. "Marvellous,
Watson! Makes one happy to be alive!" He picked up his
violin and began to play, the sun strong on his face.
I looked at his barometer and saw it was falling. That
made me laugh so hard I had to sit down. When Holmes
asked—in tones of mild irritation—what the matter was, I
could only shake my head. I am not, in truth, sure he would
have understood, anyway. It was not the way his mind
worked.

The Horror of the Many
Faces
by Tim Lebbon
Tim Lebbon's latest novel is Bar None, a novel of
"chilling suspense, apocalyptic beauty and fine ales."
Other recent work includes The Island, and
forthcoming is an original 30 Days of Night novel,
which is due out early next year, as is Tell My Sorrows
to the Stones, a collaboration with Christopher
Golden. Lebbon is a New York Times bestselling
author, and the winner of the Stoker Award, and three
British Fantasy Awards.
Our next tale is the first of three in this volume to come
to us from Shadows Over Baker Street, a book of
stories that blend the world of Sherlock Holmes with
the Cthulhu Mythos of H. P. Lovecraft. Lovecraft was
perhaps the most influential horror writer of the
twentieth century. He was a scholar of weird fiction,
having written a pioneering survey called Supernatural
Horror in Literature, and his own groundbreaking
fiction appeared mostly in the pulp magazine Weird

Tales. For centuries horror stories had been bound up
with notions of eternal damnation, and Lovecraft, a
committed philosophical materialist, felt that such
notions had become hokey and shopworn. Edwin
Hubble's startling discovery that our galaxy was just
one of billions had inspired Lovecraft to write a new
kind of horror story—tales set in a vast,
incomprehensible universe, where human beings were
tiny and insignificant, and in danger at any moment of
being snuffed out by vast, uncaring forces. Holmes
says, "When you eliminate the impossible, whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth."
Lovecraft felt that the truth would drive us to insanity.
Where these two worldviews collide, our next story
begins.
What I saw that night defied belief, but believe it I had
to because I trusted my eyes. Seeing is believing is
certainly not an axiom that my friend would have approved
of, but I was a doctor, a scientist, and for me the eyes were
the most honest organs in the body.
I never believed that they could lie.
What I laid eyes upon in the murky London twilight
made me the saddest man. It stripped any faith I had in the
order of things, the underlying goodness of life. How can
something so wrong exist in an ordered world? How, if
there is a benevolent purpose behind everything, can

something so insane exist?
These are the questions I asked then and still ask now,
though the matter is resolved in a far different way from that
which I could ever have imagined at the time.
I was on my way home from the surgery. The sun was
setting into the murk of the London skyline, and the city was
undergoing its usual dubious transition from light to dark.
As I turned a corner into a narrow cobbled street I saw my
old friend, my mentor, slaughtering a man in the gutter. He
hacked and slashed with a blade that caught the red
twilight, and upon seeing me he seemed to calm and
perform some meticulous mutilation upon the twitching
corpse.
I staggered against the wall. "Holmes!" I gasped
He looked up, and in his honest eyes there was
nothing. No light, no twinkle, not a hint of the staggering
intelligence that lay behind them.
Nothing except for a black, cold emptiness.
Stunned into immobility, I could only watch as Holmes
butchered the corpse. He was a man of endless talents, but
still I was amazed at the dexterity with which he opened the
body, extracted the heart and wrapped it in his
handkerchief.
No, not butchery. Surgery. He worked with an easy
medical knowledge that appeared to surpass my own.
Holmes looked up at me where I stood frozen stiff. He

smiled, a wicked grin that looked so alien on his face. Then
he stood and shrugged his shoulders, moving on the spot
as if settling comfortably into a set of new clothes.
"Holmes," I croaked again, but he turned and fled.
Holmes the thinker, the ponderer, the genius, ran faster
than I had ever seen anyone run before. I could not even
think to give chase, so shocked was I with what I had
witnessed. In a matter of seconds my outlook on life had
been irrevocably changed, brought to ground and savaged
with a brutality I had never supposed possible. I felt as if I
had been shot, hit by a train, mauled. I was winded and
dizzy and ready to collapse at any moment.
But I pinched myself hard on the back of my hand,
drawing blood and bringing myself around.
I closed my eyes and breathed in deeply, but when I
opened them again the corpse still lay there in the gutter.
Nothing had changed. However much I desired to not see
this, wished it would flee my memory, I was already
realising that this would never happen. This scene was
etched on my mind.
One of the worst feelings in life is betrayal, the
realisation that everything one held true is false, or at least
fatally flawed. That look in Holmes's eyes . . . I would have
given anything to be able to forget that.
His footsteps had vanished into the distance. The
victim was surely dead, but being a doctor I had to examine
him to make sure. He was a young man, handsome, slightly

foreign-looking, obviously well-appointed in society
because of the tasteful rings on his fingers, the tailored
suit . . . holed now, ripped and ruptured with the vicious
thrusts of Holmes's blade. And dead, of course. His chest
had been opened and his heart stolen away.
Perhaps he was a dreadful criminal, a murderer in his
own right whom Holmes had been tracking, chasing,
pursuing for days or weeks? I spent less time with Holmes
now than I had in the past, and I was not involved in every
case he took on. But . . . murder? Not Holmes. Whatever
crime this dead man may have been guilty of, nothing could
justify what my friend had done to him.
I suddenly had an intense feeling of guilt, kneeling over
a corpse with fresh blood on my fingertips. If anyone
rounded the corner at that moment I would have trouble
explaining things, I was sure, not only because of the initial
impression they would gain but also the shock I was in, the
terror I felt at what I had witnessed.
The police should have been informed. I should have
found a policeman or run to the nearest station, led them to
the scene of the crime. I was probably destroying valuable
evidence . . . but then I thought of Holmes, that crazy grin,
and realised that I already knew the identity of the murderer.
Instead, something made me run. Loyalty to my old
friend was a small part of it, but there was fear as well. I
knew even then that things were not always as they
seemed. Holmes had told me that countless times before,

and I kept thinking impossible, impossible as I replayed
the scene in my mind. But I trusted my eyes, I knew what I
had seen. And in my mind's eye Holmes was still grinning
manically . . . at me.
With each impact of my feet upon the pavement, the
fear grew.
Holmes was the most brilliant man I had ever known.
And even in his obvious madness, I knew that he was too
far beyond and above the ordinary to ever be outsmarted,
outwitted or tracked down. If his spree is to continue, I
prayed, please God don't let him decide to visit an old
friend.
I need not have worried about informing the police of
the murder. They knew already.
The day following my terrible experience I begged
sick, remaining at home in bed, close to tears on occasion
as I tried to find room in my life for what I had seen. My
thoughts were very selfish, I admit that, because I had
effectively lost my very best friend to a horrendous
madness. I could never have him back. My mind wandered
much that day, going back to the times we had spent
together and forward to the barren desert of existence
which I faced without him. I liked my surgery, enjoyed my
life . . . but there was a terrible blandness about things
without the promise of Holmes being a part of it.
I mourned, conscious all the time of the shape of my

army revolver beneath my pillow.
Mixed in with this was the conviction that I should tell
the police of what I had seen. But then the evening papers
came and somehow, impossibly, the terrible became even
worse.
There had been a further six murders in the London
streets the previous night, all very similar in execution and
level of violence. In each case organs had been removed
from the bodies, though not always the same ones. The
heart from one, lungs from another, and a dead lady in
Wimbledon had lost her brain to the fiend.
In four cases—including the murder I had witnessed—
the stolen organs had been found somewhere in the
surrounding areas. Sliced, laid out on the ground in very
neat order, the sections sorted perfectly by size and
thickness. Sometimes masticated gobs of the tissue were
found as well, as if bitten off, chewed and spat out. Tasted.
Tested.
And there were witnesses. Not to every murder, but to
enough of them to make me believe that the murderer —
Holmes, I kept telling myself, Holmes — wanted to be seen.
Though here lay a further mystery: each witness saw
someone different. One saw a tall, fat man, heavily furred
with facial hair, dressed scruffy and grim. Another
described a shorter man with decent clothes, a light cloak
and a sword in each hand. The third witness talked of the
murderous lady he had seen . . . the lady with great

strength, for she had stood her victim against a wall and
wrenched out the unfortunate's guts.
A mystery, yes, but only for a moment. Only until my
knowledge of Holmes's penchant for disguise crept in,
instantly clothing my memory of him from the previous night
in grubby clothes, light cloak and then a lady's dress.
"Oh dear God," I muttered. "Dear God, Holmes, what
is it my old friend? The cocaine? Did the stress finally
break you? The strain of having a mind that cannot rest,
working with such evil and criminal matters?"
The more I dwelled upon it the worse it all became. I
could not doubt what I had seen, even though all logic, all
good sense forbade it. I tried reason and deduction as
Holmes would have, attempting to ignore the horrors of the
case to pare it down to its bare bone, setting out the facts
and trying to fill in the missing pieces. But memory was
disruptive; I could not help visualising my friend hunkered
down over the body, hacking at first and then moving
instantly into a caring, careful slicing of the dead man's
chest. The blood. The strange smell in the air, like sweet
honey (and a clue there, perhaps, though I could do nothing
with it).
Holmes's terrible, awful smile when he saw me.
Perhaps that was the worst. The fact that he seemed
to be gloating.
I may well have remained that way for days, my feigned
sickness becoming something real as my soul was torn to

shreds by the truth. But on the evening of that first day
following the crimes, I received a visit that spurred me to tell
the truth.
Detective Inspector Jones, of Scotland Yard, came to
my door looking for Holmes.
"It is a dreadful case," he said to me, "I've never seen
anything like it." His face was pale with the memory of the
corpses he must have been viewing that day. "Different
witnesses saw different people, all across the south end of
London. One man told me the murderer was his brother.
And a woman, witness to another murder, was definitely
withholding something personal to her. The murders
themselves are so similar as to be almost identical in
execution. The killing, then the extraction of an organ."
"It sounds terrible," I said lamely, because the truth was
pressing to be spoken.
"It was," Jones nodded. Then he looked at me intently.
"The papers did not say that at least three of the victims
were alive when the organs were removed, and that was
the method of their death."
"What times?" I asked.
"There was maybe an hour between the killings, from
what we can work out. And yet different murderers in each
case. And murderers who, I'm sure it will be revealed
eventually, were a l l known to those bearing witness.
Strange. Strange! Dr Watson, we've worked together
before, you know of my determination. But this . . . this fills

me with dread. I fear the sun setting tonight in case we have
another slew of killings, maybe worse. How many nights of
this will it take until London is in a panic? One more? Two?
And I haven't a clue as to what it's all about. A sect, I
suspect, made up of many members and needing these
organs for some nefarious purpose of their own. But how to
find them? I haven't a clue. Not a clue! And I'm sure, I'm
certain, that your friend Sherlock Holmes will be fascinated
with such a case."
Jones shook his head and slumped back in the
armchair. He looked defeated already, I thought. I
wondered what the truth would do to him. And yet I had to
bear it myself, so I thought it only right to share. To tell.
Holmes, my old friend . . . I thought fondly, and then I told
Jones what I had seen.
He did not talk for several minutes. The shock on his
face hid his thoughts. He stared into the fire as if seeking
some alternate truth in there, but my words hung heavy, and
my demeanour must have been proof enough to him that I
did not lie.
"The different descriptions . . . " he said quietly, but I
could sense that he had already worked that out.
"Disguises. Holmes is a master."
"Should I hunt Holmes? Seek him through the London
he knows so well?"
"I do not see how," I said, because truly I thought
ourselves totally out of control. Holmes would play whatever

game he chose until its closure, and the resolution would be
of his choosing. "He knows every street, every alley, shop
to shop and door to door. In many cases he knows of who
lives where, where they work and who they associate with.
He can walk along a street and tell me stories of every
house if he so chooses. He carries his card index in his
brain, as well as boxed away at Baker Street. His mind . . .
you know his mind, Mr Jones. It is endless."
"And you're sure, Dr Watson. Your illness has not
blinded you, you haven't had hallucinations—"
"I am merely sick to the soul with what I have
witnessed," I said. "I was fit and well yesterday evening."
"Then I must search him out," Jones said, but the
desperation, the hopelessness in his voice told me that he
had already given up. He stared into the fire some more
and then stood, brushed himself down, a man of business
again.
"I wish you luck," I said.
"Can you help?" Jones asked. "You know him better
than anyone. You're his best friend. Have you any ideas,
any reasoning as to why he would be doing these crimes,
where he'll strike next?"
"None," I said. "It is madness, for sure." I wanted Jones
gone then, out of my house and into the night. Here was the
man who would hunt my friend, stalk him in the dark, send
his men out armed and ready to shoot to kill if needs must.
And whatever I had seen Holmes doing . . . that memory,

horrible . . . I could not entertain the idea of his death.
Jones left and I jumped to my feet. He was right. I knew
Holmes better than anyone, and after many years
accompanying him as he had solved the most baffling of
cases, I would hope that some of his intuition had rubbed
off on me.
It was almost dark, red twilight kissing my window like
diluted blood, and if tonight was to be like last night then my
old friend was already stalking his first victim.
I would go to Baker Street. Perhaps there I would find
evidence of this madness, and maybe even something that
could bring hope of a cure.
The streets were very different that night.
There were fewer strollers, for a start. Many people
had heard of the previous night's murders and chosen to
stay at home. It was raining too, a fine mist that settled on
one's clothes and soaked them instantly. Street lamps
provided oases of half-light in the dark and it was these I
aimed for, darting as quickly as I could between them. Even
then, passing beneath the lights and seeing my shadow
change direction, I felt more vulnerable than ever. I could not
see beyond the lamps' meagre influence and it lit me up for
anyone to see, any stranger lurking in the night, any friend
with a knife.
I could have found my way to Baker Street in the dark. I
walked quickly and surely, listening out for any hint of

pursuit. I tried to see into the shadows but they retained
their secrets well.
Everything felt changed. It was not only my new-found
fear of the dark, but the perception that nothing, nothing is
ever exactly as it seems. Holmes had always known that
truth is in the detail, but could even he have ever guessed at
the destructive parts in him, the corrupt stew of experience
and knowledge and exhaustion that had led to this
madness? It was a crueller London I walked through that
night. Right and wrong had merged and blurred in my mind,
for as sure as I was that what Holmes had done was wrong,
it could never be right to hunt and kill him for it.
I had my revolver in my pocket, but I prayed with every
step that I would not be forced to use it.
Shadows jumped from alleys and skirted around
rooftops, but it was my imagination twisting the twilight. By
the time I reached Baker Street it was fully dark, the moon a
pale ghost behind London's smog.
I stood outside for a while, staring up at Holmes's
window. There was no light there, of course, and no signs
of habitation, but still I waited for a few minutes, safe in the
refuge of memory. He would surely never attack here, not in
the shadow of his long-time home. No, I feared that he had
gone to ground, hidden himself away in some unknown,
unknowable corner of London, or perhaps even taken his
madness elsewhere in the country.
There was a sound behind me and I spun around,

fumbling in my pocket for my revolver. It had been a shallow
pop, as of someone opening their mouth in preparation to
speak. I held my breath and aimed the revolver from my
waist. There was nothing. The silence, the darkness felt
loaded, brimming with secrets and something more
terrible . . . something . . .
"Holmes," I said. But he would not be there, he was not
foolish, not so stupid to return here when he was wanted for
some of the most terrible murders—
"My friend."
I started, tried to gauge where the voice had come
from. I tightened my grip on the pistol and swung it slowly
left and right, ready to shoot should anything move. I was
panicked, terrified beyond belief. My stomach knotted and
cramped with the idea of a knife parting its skin and delving
deeper.
"Is that you Holmes?"
More silence for a while, so that I began to think I was
hearing things. It grew darker for a moment as if something
had passed in front of the moon; I even glanced up, but
there was nothing in the sky and the moon was its usual
wan self.
"You feel it too!" the voice said.
"Holmes, please show yourself."
"Go to my rooms. Mrs Hudson hasn't heard of things
yet, she will let you in and I will find my own way up there."
He did not sound mad. He sounded different, true, but

not mad.
"Holmes, you have to know—"
"I am aware of what you saw, Watson, and you would
do well to keep your revolver drawn and aimed ahead of
you. Go to my rooms, back into a corner, hold your gun. For
your sanity, your peace of mind, it has to remain between
us for a time."
"I saw . . . Holmes, I saw . . . "
"My rooms."
And then he was gone. I did not hear him leave, caught
sight of nothing moving away in the dark, but I knew that my
old friend had departed. I wished for a torch to track him,
but Holmes would have evaded the light. And in that thought
I found my continuing belief in Holmes's abilities, his
genius, his disregard for the normal levels of reasoning and
measures of intelligence.
The madness he still had, but . . . I could not help but
trust him.
From the distance, far, far away, I heard what may
have been a scream. There were foxes in London, and
thousands of wild dogs, and some said that wolves still
roamed the forgotten byways of this sprawling city. But it
had sounded like a human cry.
He could not possibly have run that far in such short a
time.
Could he?
Mrs Hudson greeted me and was kind enough to

ignore my preoccupation as I climbed the stairs to
Holmes's rooms.
There was another scream in the night before Holmes
appeared.
I had opened the window and was standing there in the
dark, looking out over London and listening to the sounds.
The city was so much quieter during the night, which
ironically made every sound that much louder. The barking
of a dog swept across the neighbourhood, the crashing of a
door echoed from walls and back again. The scream . . .
this time it was human, I could have no doubt of that, and
although even further away than the one I had heard earlier I
could still make out its agony. It was followed seconds later
by another cry, this one cut short. There was nothing else.
Go to my rooms, back into a corner, hold your gun ,
Holmes had said. I remained by the window. Here was
escape, at least, if I needed it. I would probably break my
neck in the fall, but at least I was giving myself a chance.
I've come to his rooms! I thought. Fly to a spider.
Chicken to a fox's den. But even though his voice had been
very different from usual—more strained—I could not
believe that the Holmes who had spoken to me minutes
before was out there now, causing those screams.
I thought briefly of Detective Inspector Jones, and
hoped that he was well.
"I am sure that he is still alive," Holmes said from

behind me. "He is too stupid to not be."
I spun around and brought up the revolver. Holmes was
standing just inside the door. He had entered the room and
closed the door behind him without me hearing. He was
breathing heavily, as if he had just been running, and I
stepped aside to let in the moonlight, terrified that I would
see the black stain of blood on his hands and sleeves.
"How do you know I was thinking of Jones?" I asked,
astounded yet again by my friend's reasoning.
"Mrs Hudson told me that he had been here looking for
me. I knew then that you would be his next port of call in his
search, and that you would inevitably have been forced by
your high morals to relay what you have so obviously seen.
You know he is out there now, hunting me down. And the
scream . . . it sounded very much like a man, did it not?"
"Turn on the light, Holmes," I said.
I think he shook his head in the dark. "No, it will attract
attention. Not that they do not know where we are . . . they
must . . . fear, fear smells so sweet . . . to bees . . . "
"Holmes. Turn on the light or I will shoot you." And right
then, standing in the room where my friend and I had spent
years of our lives in pleasurable and business discourse, I
was telling the truth. I was frightened enough to pull the
trigger, because Holmes's intellect would bypass my
archaic revolver, however mad he sounded. He would beat
me. If he chose to—if he had lured me here to be his next
victim—he would kill me.

"Very well," my friend said. "But prepare yourself
Watson. It has been a somewhat eventful twenty-four
hours."
The lamp flicked alight.
I gasped. He looked like a man who should be dead.
"Do not lower that revolver!" he shouted suddenly.
"Keep it on me now, Watson. After what you think you saw
me doing, lower your guard and you are likely to shoot me
at the slightest sound or movement. That's right. Here. Aim
it here." He thumped his chest and I pointed the gun that
way, weak and shocked though I was.
"Holmes . . . you look terrible!"
"I feel worse." From Holmes that was a joke, but I could
not even raise a smile. Indeed, I could barely draw a breath.
Never had Holmes looked so unkempt, exhausted and
bedraggled. His normally immaculate clothing was torn,
muddied and wet, and his hair was sticking wildly away
from his scalp. His hands were bloodied—I saw cuts there,
so at least for the moment I could believe that it was his
own blood—his cheek was badly scratched in several
places and there was something about his eyes . . . wide
and wild, they belied the calm his voice conveyed.
"You're mad," I said, unable to prevent the words from
slipping out.
Holmes smiled, and it was far removed from that
maniacal grin he had offered me as he crouched over the
dying man.

"Do not jump to conclusions, Watson. Have you not
learned anything in our years together?"
My hand holding the gun was starting to shake, but I
kept it pointing at my friend across the room.
"I have to take you in, you know that? I will have to take
you to the station. I cannot . . . I cannot . . . "
"Believe?"
I nodded. He was already playing his games, I knew.
He would talk me around, offer explanations, convince me
that the victims deserved to die or that he had been
attacked . . . or that there was something far, far simpler
eluding me. He would talk until he won me over, and then
his attack would come.
"I cannot believe, but I must," I said, a new-found
determination in my voice.
"Because you saw it? Because you saw me killing
someone you must believe that I did, in fact, kill?"
"Of course."
Holmes shook his head. He frowned and for an instant
he seemed distant, concentrating on something far
removed from Baker Street. Then he glanced back at me,
looked to the shelf above the fire and sighed.
"I will smoke my pipe, if you don't mind Watson. It will
put my mind at rest. And I will explain what I know.
Afterwards, if you still wish to take me in, do so. But you will
thereby be condemning countless more to their deaths."
"Smoke," I said, "and tell me." He was playing his

games, playing them every second . . .
Holmes lit a pipe and sat in his armchair, legs drawn
up so that the pipe almost rested on his knees. He looked
at the far wall, not at me where I remained standing by the
window. I lowered the revolver slightly, and this time Holmes
did not object.
I could see no knives, no mess on his hands other than
his own smeared blood. No mess on his chin from the
masticated flesh of the folks he had killed.
But that proved nothing.
"Have you ever looked into a mirror and really
concentrated on the person you see there? Try it, Watson, it
is an interesting exercise. After an hour of looking you see
someone else. You see, eventually, what a stranger sees,
not the composite picture of facial components with which
you are so familiar, but individual parts of the face—the big
nose, the close-together-eyes. You see yourself as a
person. Not as you."
"So what are you trying to say?"
"I am saying that perception is not definite, nor is it
faultless." Holmes puffed at his pipe, then drew it slowly
away from his mouth. His eyes went wide and his brow
furrowed. He had had some thought, and habit made me
silent for a minute or two.
He glanced back up at me then, but said nothing. He
looked more troubled than ever.
"I saw you killing a man, Holmes," I said. "You killed

him and you laughed at me, and then you tore him open
and stole his heart."
"The heart, yes," he said, looking away and
disregarding me again. "The heart, the brain . . . parts, all
part of the one . . . constituents of the same place . . . " He
muttered on until his voice had all but vanished, though his
lips still moved.
"Holmes!"
"It has gone quiet outside. They are coming." He said
it very quietly, looked up at me from sad, terrified eyes, and
I felt a cool finger run down my spine. They're coming. He
did not mean Jones or the police, he did not mean anyone.
No man scared Holmes as much as he was then.
"Who?" I asked. But he darted from his seat and ran at
me, shoving me aside so that we stood on either side of
the window.
"Listen to me, Watson. If you are my friend, if you have
faith and loyalty and if you love me, you have to believe two
things in the next few seconds if we are to survive: the first
is that I am not a murderer; the second is that you must not
trust your eyes, not for however long this may take. Instinct
and faith, that is what you can believe in, because they
cannot change that. It is too inbuilt, perhaps, too ingrained, I
don't know . . . "
He was mumbling again, drifting in and out of
coherence. And I knew that he could have killed me. He had
come at me so quickly, my surprise was so complete, that I

had plain forgotten the gun in my hand.
And now, the denial.
Doubt sprouted in my mind and grew rapidly as I saw
the look on Holmes's face. I had seen it before, many times.
It was the thrill of the chase, the excitement of discovery, the
passion of experience, the knowledge that his reasoning
had won out again. But underlying it all was a fear so
profound that it sent me weak at the knees.
"Holmes, what are they?"
"You ask What, Watson, not Who. Already you're half
way to believing. Quiet! Look! There, in the street!"
I looked. Running along the road, heading straight for
the front door of Holmes's building, came Sherlock Holmes
himself.
"I think they will come straight for me," Holmes
whispered. "I am a threat."
"Holmes . . . " I could say little. The recent shocks had
numbed me, and seemed now to be pulling me apart,
hauling reality down a long, dark tunnel. I felt distanced from
my surroundings even though, at that moment, I knew that I
needed to be as alert and conscious of events as possible.
"Don't trust your eyes!" he hissed at me.
That man, he had been running like Holmes, the same
loping stride, the same flick of the hair with each impact of
foot upon pavement. The same look of determination on his
face.

"Faith, Watson," Holmes said. "Faith in God if you
must, but you must have faith in me, us, our friendship and
history together. For there, I feel, will lie the answer."
There came the sound of heavy footsteps on the stairs.
"I will get them, it, the thing on the floor," Holmes said,
"and you shoot it in the head. Empty your revolver, one shot
may not be enough. Do not baulk, my friend. This thing
here, tonight, is far bigger than just the two of us. It is
London we're fighting for. Maybe more."
I could not speak. I wished Jones were there with us,
someone else to make decisions and take blame. Faith, I
told myself, faith in Holmes.
I had seen him kill a man.

Don't trust your eyes.
He was bloodied and dirtied from the chase, hiding
from the crimes he had committed.
I am not a murderer.
And then the door burst open and Sherlock Holmes
stood in the doorway lit by the lamp—tall, imposing, his
clothes tattered and muddied, his face scratched, hands
cut and bloodied—and I had no more time.
The room suddenly smelled of sweet honey, and
turning my head slightly to look at the Holmes standing with
me at the window, I caught sight of something from the
corner of my eye. The Holmes in the doorway seemed to
have some things buzzing about his head.
I looked straight at him and they were no more. Then

he gave me the same smile I had seen as he murdered that
man.
"Watson!" Holmes said, reaching across the window
to grasp my arms. "Faith!"
And then the new visitor smashed the lamp with a kick,
and leapt at us.
I backed away. The room was dark now, lit only by pale
moonlight and the paler starlight filtering through London's
constant atmosphere. I heard a grunt, a growl, the
smashing of furniture and something cracking as the two
Holmes tumbled into the centre of the room. I quickly
became confused as to which was which.
"Away!" I heard one of them shout. "Get away! Get
away!" He sounded utterly terrified. "Oh God, oh sanity, why
us!"
I aimed my revolver but the shapes rolled and twisted,
hands at each other's necks, eyes bulging as first one and
then the other Holmes presented his face for me to shoot. I
stepped forward nonetheless, still smelling that peculiar
honey stench, and something stung my ankle, a tickling
shape struggling inside my trousers. I slapped at it and felt
the offender crushed against my leg.
Bees.
"Watson!" Holmes shouted. I pulled down the curtains
to let in as much moonlight as I could. One Holmes had the
other pinned to the floor, hands about his neck. "Watson,
shoot it!" the uppermost Holmes commanded. His face

was twisted with fear, the scratches on his cheek opened
again and leaking blood. The Holmes on the floor thrashed
and gurgled, choking, and as I looked down he caught my
eye. Something there commanded me to watch, held my
attention even as the Holmes on top exhorted me to shoot,
shoot, shoot it in the face!
The vanquished Holmes calmed suddenly and brought
up a hand holding a handkerchief. He wiped at the
scratches on his face. They disappeared. The blood
smudged a little, but with a second wipe it too had gone.
The scratches were false, the blood fake.
The Holmes on top stared for a couple of seconds,
and then looked back at me. A bee crawled out of his ear
and up over his forehead. And then the scratches on his
own cheek faded and disappeared before my eyes.
He shimmered. I saw something beneath the fleshtoned veneer, something crawling and writhing and
separate, yet combined in a whole to present an image of
solidness . . .
Bees left this whole and buzzed around the impostor's
head. Holmes was still struggling on the floor, trying to prise
away hands that were surely not hands.
The image pulsed and flickered in my vision, and I
remembered Holmes's words: you cannot trust your

eyes . . . instinct and faith, that is what you can believe
in . . .
I stepped forward, pressed the revolver against the

uppermost Holmes's head and pulled the trigger.
Something splashed out across the floor and walls, but it
was not blood.
Blood does not try to crawl away, take flight, buzz at
the light.
My pulling the trigger—that act bridging doubt and faith
—changed everything.
The thing that had been trying to kill Holmes
shimmered in the moonlight. It was as if I was seeing two
images being quickly flickered back and forth, so fast that
my eyes almost merged them into one, surreal picture.
Holmes . . . the thing . . . Holmes . . . the thing. And the thing,
whatever it is, was monstrous.
"Again!" Holmes shouted. "Again, and again!"
I knelt so that my aim did not stray towards my friend
and fired again at that horrible shape. Each impact twisted
it, slowing down the alternating of images as if the bullets
were blasting free truth itself. What I did not know then, but
would realise later, was that the bullets were defining the
truth. Each squeeze of the trigger dealt that thing another
blow, not only physically but also in the nature of my beliefs.
I knew it to be a false Holmes now, and that made it weak.
The sixth bullet hit only air.
It is difficult to describe what I saw in that room. I had
only a few seconds to view its ambiguous self before it
came apart, but even now I cannot find words to convey the
very unreality of what I saw, heard and smelled. There was

a honey tang on the air, but it was almost alien, like
someone else's memory. The noise that briefly filled the
room could have been a voice. If so it was speaking in an
alien tongue, and I had no wish to understand what it was
saying. A noise like that could only be mad.
All I know is that a few seconds after firing the last
bullet Holmes and I were alone. I was hurriedly reloading
and Holmes was already up, righting the oil lamp and giving
us light. I need not have panicked so, because we were
truly alone.
Save for the bees. Dead or dying, there were maybe a
hundred bees spotting the fine carpet, huddled on the
windowsill or crawling behind chairs or objects on the
mantelpiece to die. I had been stung only once, Holmes
seemed to have escaped entirely, but the bees were
expiring even as we watched.
"Dear God," I gasped. I went to my knees on the floor,
shaking, my shooting hand no longer able to bear the
revolver's weight.
"Do you feel faint, my friend?" Holmes asked.
"Faint, no," I said. "I feel . . . belittled. Does that make
sense, Holmes? I feel like a child who has been made
aware of everything he will ever learn, all at once."
"There are indeed more things in Heaven and Earth,
Watson," Holmes said. "And I believe we have just had a
brush with one of them." He too had to sit, nursing his
bruised throat with one hand while the other wiped his face

with the handkerchief, removing any remaining make-up.
He then cleaned the blood from both hands and washed
away the false cuts there as well. He seemed distracted as
he cleansed, his eyes distant, and more than once I
wondered just where they were looking, what they were truly
seeing.
"Can you tell me, Holmes?" I asked. I looked about the
room, still trying to imagine where that other being had
gone but knowing, in my heart of hearts, that its nature was
too obscure for my meagre understanding. "Holmes?
Holmes?"
But he was gone, his mind away as was its wont,
searching the byways of his imagination, his intellect
steering him along routes I could barely imagine as he tried
to fathom the truth in what we had seen. I stood and fetched
his pipe, loaded it with tobacco, lit it and placed it in his
hand. He held on it but did not take a draw.
He remained like that until Jones of Scotland Yard
thundered through the door.
"And you have been with him for how long?" Jones
asked again.
"Hours. Maybe three."
"And the murderer? You shot him, yet where is he?"
"Yes, I shot him. It. I shot it."
I had told Jones the outline of the story three times, and
his disbelief seemed to be growing with each telling.

Holmes's silence was not helping his case.
Another five murders, Jones had told me. Three

witnessed, and each of the witnesses identified a close
friend or family member as the murderer.
I could only offer my own mutterings of disbelief. Even
though I had an inkling now—however unreal, however
unbelievable, Holmes's insistence that the improbable must
follow the impossible stuck with me—I could not voice the
details. The truth was too crazy.
Luckily, Holmes told it for me. He stirred and stood
suddenly, staring blankly at me for a time as if he had
forgotten I was there.
"Mr Holmes," Jones said. "Your friend Dr Watson here,
after telling me that you were a murderer, is now protesting
your innocence. His reasoning I find curious to say the
least, so it would benefit me greatly if I could hear your take
on the matter. There were gunshots here, and I have no
body, and across London there are many more grieving
folks this evening."
"And many more there will be yet," Holmes said
quietly. "But not, I think, for a while." He relit his pipe and
closed his eyes as he puffed. I could see that he was
gathering his wits to expound his theories, but even then
there was a paleness about him, a frown that did not belong
on his face. It spoke of incomplete ideas, truths still hidden
from his brilliant mind.
It did not comfort me one bit.

"It was fortunate for London, and perhaps for mankind
itself, that I bore witness to one of the first murders. I had
taken an evening stroll after spending a day performing
some minor biological experiments on dead rodents, when
I heard something rustling in the bushes of a front garden. It
sounded larger than a dog, and when I heard what can only
have been a cry I felt it prudent to investigate.
"What I saw . . . was impossible. I knew that it could not
be. I pushed aside a heavy branch and witnessed an old
man being operated on. He was dead by the time my gaze
fell upon him, that was for sure, because the murderer had
opened his guts and was busy extracting kidneys and liver.
And the murderer, in my eyes, was the woman Irene Adler."
"No!" I gasped. "Holmes, what are you saying?"
"If you would let me continue, Doctor, all will become
clear. Clearer, at least, because there are many facets to
this mystery still most clouded in my mind. It will come,
gentlemen, I am sure, but . . . I shall tell you. I shall talk it
through, tell you, and the truth will mould itself tonight.
"And so: Adler, the woman herself, working on this old
man in the garden of an up-market London house. Plainly,
patently impossible and unreal. And being the logically
minded person I am, and believing that proof defines truth
rather than simply belief, I totally denied the truth of what I
was seeing. I knew it could not be because Adler was a
woman unfamiliar with, and incapable of, murder. And

indeed she has not been in the country for quite some
years now. My total disregard for what I was seeing meant
that I was not viewing the truth, that something abnormal
was occurring. And strange as it seemed at the time—but
how clear it is now!—the woman had been heavily on my
mind as I had been strolling down that street."
"Well to hear you actually admit that, Holmes, means
that it is a great part of this mystery."
"Indeed," Holmes said to me, somewhat shortly. "My
readiness to believe that something, shall we say, out of
this world was occurring enabled me to see it. I saw the
truth behind the murderer, the scene of devastation. I
saw . . . I saw . . . " He trailed off, staring from the window at
the ghostly night. Both Jones and I remained silent, seeing
the pain Holmes was going through as he tried to continue.
"Terrible," he said at last. "Terrible."
"And what I saw," I said, trying to take up from where
Holmes had left off, "was an impersonator, creating Holmes
in his own image—"
"No," Holmes said. "No, it created me in your image,
Watson. What you saw was your version of me. This thing
delved into your mind and cloaked itself in the strongest
identity it found in there: namely, me. As it is with the other
murders, Mr Jones, whose witnesses no doubt saw
brothers and wives and sons slaughtering complete
strangers with neither rhyme, nor reason."
"But the murderer," Jones said. "Who was it? Where is

he? I need a corpse, Holmes. Watson tells me that he shot
the murderer, and I need a corpse."
"Don't you have enough already?" Holmes asked
quietly. I saw the stare he aimed at Jones. I had never been
the subject of that look, never in our friendship, but I had
seen it used more than a few times. Its intent was borne of
a simmering anger. Its effect, withering.
Jones faltered. He went to say something else,
stammered and then backed away towards the door. "Will
you come to the Yard tomorrow?" he asked. "I need help.
And . . . "
"I will come," Holmes said. "For now, I imagine you
have quite some work to do across London this evening.
Five murders, you say? I guess at least that many yet to be
discovered. And there must be something of a panic in the
populace that needs calming."
Jones left. I turned to Holmes. And what I saw shocked
me almost as much as any event from the previous twentyfour hours.
My friend was crying.
"We can never know everything," Holmes said, "but I
fear that everything knows us."
We were sitting on either side of the fire. Holmes was
puffing on his fourth pipe since Jones had left. The tear
tracks were still unashamedly glittering on his cheeks, and
my own eyes were wet in sympathy.

"What did it want?" I asked. "What motive?"
"Motive? Something so unearthly, so alien to our way
of thinking and understanding? Perhaps no motive is
required. But I would suggest that examination was its
prime concern. It was slaughtering and slicing and
examining the victims just as casually as I have, these last
few days, been poisoning and dissecting mice. The
removed organs displayed that in their careful dismantling."
"But why? What reason can a thing like that have to
know our make up, our build?"
Holmes stared into the fire and the flames lit up his
eyes. I was glad. I could still remember the utter vacancy of
the eyes I had seen on his likeness as it hunkered over the
bloody body.
"Invasion," he muttered, and then he said it again. Or
perhaps it was merely a sigh.
"Isn't it a major fault of our condition that, the more we
wish to forget something, the less likely it is that we can," I
said. Holmes smiled and nodded, and I felt a childish sense
of pride from saying something of which he seemed to
approve.
"Outside," said Holmes, "beyond what we know or
strive to know, there is a whole different place. Somewhere
which, perhaps, our minds could never know. Like fitting a
square block into a round hole, we were not built to
understand."
"Even you?"

"Even me, my friend." He tapped his pipe out and
refilled it. He looked ill. I had never seen Holmes so pale,
so melancholy after a case, as if something vast had
eluded him. And I think I realised what it was even then:
understanding. Holmes had an idea of what had happened
and it seemed to fit neatly around the event, but he did not
understand. And that, more than anything, must have done
much to depress him.
"You recall our time in Cornwall, our nightmare
experience with the burning of the Devil's Foot powder?"
I nodded. "How could I forget."
"Not hallucinations," he said quietly. "I believe we were
offered a drug-induced glimpse beyond. Not hallucinations,
Watson. Not hallucinations at all."
We sat silently for a few minutes. As dawn started to
dull the sharp edges of the darkness outside, Holmes
suddenly stood and sent me away.
"I need to think on things," he said urgently. "There's
much to consider. And I have to be more prepared for the
next time. Have to be."
I left the building tired, cold and feeling smaller and
more insignificant than I had ever thought possible. I walked
the streets for a long time that morning. I smelled fear on
the air, and one time I heard a bee buzzing from flower to
flower on some honeysuckle. At that I decided to return
home.
My revolver, still fully loaded, was warm where my hand

grasped it in my coat pocket.
I walked along Baker Street every day for the next two
weeks. Holmes was always in his rooms, I could sense that,
but he never came out, nor made any attempt to contact
me. Once or twice I saw his light burning and his shadow
drifting to and fro inside, slightly stooped, as if something
weighed heavy on his shoulders.
The only time I saw my brilliant friend in that time, I
wished I had not. He was standing at the window staring out
into the twilight, and although I stopped and waved he did
not notice me.
He seemed to be looking intently across the rooftops
as if searching for some elusive truth. And standing there
watching him I felt sure that his eyes, glittering dark and so,
so sad, must have been seeing nothing of this world.

The Case of the Bloodless
Sock
by Anne Perry
Anne Perry is the bestselling, Edgar Award-winning
author of many novels and two long-running Victorianera mystery series; the first of these, which began with
The Cater Street Hangman, chronicles the cases of
police inspector Thomas Pitt, while the other,
beginning with The Face of a Stranger, recounts the
adventures of the amnesiac detective William Monk.
Perry is also the author of a historical fiction series set
during World War I ( No Graves As Yet , et seq.), and
two fantasy novels, Tathea and Come Armageddon .
Her latest novels are Buckingham Palace Gardens
and Execution Dock, with A Christmas Promise due
in October.
Everyone knows Professor Moriarty as the archnemesis of Sherlock Holmes, but most people would
probably be surprised to learn that Moriarty appeared
in person in only one of Conan Doyle's Holmes stories,
"The Final Problem." The author was ready to bring his
Sherlock Holmes tales to a suitably dramatic

conclusion, and Professor Moriarty—the Napoleon of
crime, who pulls the strings of a vast criminal
conspiracy—was invented to be a suitably imposing
adversary, a match for the great detective, whose
downfall would allow Sherlock Holmes to go out in a
blaze of glory. (The character Moriarty was partially
based on Adam Worth, a cultured master criminal who
once stole a valuable Thomas Gainsborough painting
only to discover that he liked the painting too much to
sell it, which angered the men who had helped him
steal it. Interestingly, Worth also—unlike Moriarty—
ordered his men not to use violence in the course of
their robberies.) Of course, the audience wanted more
Holmes, and more Moriarty too, and so Moriarty has
subsequently enjoyed a long and notorious career in
books, film, and TV. Moriarty returns again in this next
tale, with a characteristically diabolical scheme.
There had been no cases of any interest for some
weeks, and my friend Sherlock Holmes was bored by the
trivia that came his way. His temper showed it to the
degree where I was happy to accept an invitation from an
old friend, Robert Hunt, a widower who lived in the country,
not far from the handsome city of Durham.
"By all means go, Watson," Holmes encouraged,
except that that is far too joyful and heartening a word for
the expression on his face that accompanied it. "Take the

afternoon train," he added, scowling at the papers in front
of him. "At this time of the year you will be in your village,
wherever it is, before dark. Good-bye."
Thus was I dismissed. And I admit, I left without the
pleasure I would have felt with a more sanguine farewell.
However the late summer journey northward from
London toward the ever-widening countryside of Yorkshire,
and then the climb to the dales, and the great, bare moors
of County Durham, improved my spirits greatly. By the time
I had taken the short, local journey to the village where
Robert Hunt had his very fine house, I was smiling to myself,
and fully sensitive to the peculiar beauty of that part of the
world. There is nothing of the comfortable Home Counties
about it, but rather a width, a great clarity of light, and rolling
moorland where hill upon hill disappears into the distance,
fading in subtle shades of blues and purples until the
horizon melts into the sky. As I came over the high crest
and looked down toward the village, it was as if I were on
the roof of the world. I had almost a giddy feeling.
I had wired ahead to inform Hunt of my arrival. Imagine
then, my dismay at finding no one to meet me at the
deserted station, and being obliged to set out in the
darkening air, chillier than I am accustomed to, being so
much further north and at a considerable altitude, carrying
my suitcase in my hand.
I had walked some four miles, and was worn out both
from exertion and from temper, when an elderly man in a

pony trap finally offered me a lift, which I accepted, and then
arrived at Morton Grange tired, dusty and in far from my
best humor.
I had barely set my feet upon the ground when a man I
took to be a groom came running around the corner of the
house, a wild hope lighting his face. "Have you found her?"
he cried to me. From my bewilderment he understood
immediately that I had not, and despair overtook him, the
greater after his momentary surge of belief.
I was concerned for him and his obviously deep
distress. "I regret I have not," I said. "Who is lost? Can I
assist in your search?"
"Jenny!" he gasped. "Jenny Hunt, the master's
daughter. She's only five years old! God knows where she
is! She's been gone since four this afternoon, and it's near
ten now. Whoever you are, sir, in pity's name, help me look
—although where else there is to search I can't think."
I was appalled. How could a five-year-old child, and a
girl at that, have wandered off and been gone for such a
time? The light was fading rapidly and even if no harm had
come to her already, soon she would be in danger from the
cold, and surely terrified.
"Of course!" I said, dropping my case on the front step
and starting toward him. "Where shall I begin?"
There followed one of the most dreadful hours I can
remember.
My friend Robert Hunt acknowledged my presence, but

was too distraught with fear for his only child to do more
than thank me for my help, and then start once more to look
again and again in every place we could think of. Servants
had already gone to ask all the neighbors even though the
closest was quarter of a mile away.
In the dark, lanterns were visible in every direction as
more and more people joined in the search. We would not
have given up had it taken all night. Not a man of us, nor a
woman, for the female staff was all out too, even gave our
comfort, our hunger or our weariness a thought.
Then at some time just after midnight there went up a
great shout, and even at the distance I was, and unable to
hear the words, the joy in it told me the child was found, and
they believed her unhurt. I confess the overwhelming relief
after such fear brought momentary tears to my eyes, and I
was glad of the wind and the darkness to conceal them.
I ran toward the noise, and moments later I saw Hunt
clasping in his arms a pale and frightened child who clung
onto him frantically, but seemed in no way injured. A great
cheer went up from all those who had turned out to search
for her, and we all tramped back to the house where the
cook poured out wine and spices into a great bowl, and the
butler plunged a hot poker into it.
"Thanks be to God!" Hunt said, his voice shaking with
emotion. "And to all of you, my dear friends." He looked
around at us, shivering with cold still, hands numb, but face
shining with happiness. We needed two hands each to hold

the cups that were passed around, and the hot wine was
like fire in our throats.
We quickly parted as relaxation took over, and the
nursemaid, chattering with laughter and relief, took the child
up to put her to bed.
It was not until the following morning—all of us having
slept a trifle late—as Hunt and I were sitting over breakfast,
that he looked at me earnestly and spoke of the mystery
that still lay unaddressed.
"I am very exercised in my mind, Watson, as to how to
deal with the matter for the best. Jenny is devoted to
Josephine, the nursemaid. Yet how can I keep in my
employ a servant who could allow a child of five to wander
off and become lost? And yet if I dismiss her, Jenny will be
desolated. The girl is all but a mother to her, and since her
own mother died . . . " His voice broke for a moment and he
required some effort to regain his composure. "Advise me,
Watson!" he begged. "What can I do that will bring about
the least harm? And yet be just . . . and not place Jenny in
danger again?"
It was a problem that had already occurred to me, but I
had not thought he would ask my counsel. I had observed
for myself on the previous evening the nursemaid's care for
the child, and the child's deep affection for her. Indeed after
the first relief of being found, it was to her that she turned,
even when her father still clung to her. It might well do her
more hurt to part her from the only female companionship

and care that she knew, than even the fear of being lost.
She had already been bereaved once in her short life. In
spite of last night's events I thought it a certain cruelty to
dismiss the maid. Perhaps she would now be even more
careful than any new employee would, and I was in the
process of saying so, when the butler came in with a note
for Hunt.
"This was just delivered, sir," he said grimly.
We had already received the post, and this had no
stamp upon it, so obviously it had come by hand. Hunt tore
it open, and as he read it I saw his face lose all its color and
his hand shook as if he had a fever.
"What is it?" I cried, although it might well have been
none of my affair.
Wordlessly he passed it across to me.
Dear Mr. Hunt,
Yesterday you lost your daughter, and last night at
exactly twelve of the clock you received her back
again. You may take any precautions you care to, but
they will not prevent me from taking her again, any time
I choose, and returning her when, and if I choose.
And if it is my mind not to, then you, will never see her
again.

M.
I confess my own hand was shaking as I laid the piece
of paper down. Suddenly everything was not the happy
ending to a wretched mischance, it had become the
beginning of a nightmare. Who was "M," but far more
pressing than that, what did he want? He made no demand,
it was simply a terrible threat, leaving us helpless to do
anything about it, even to comply with his wishes, had that
been possible. I looked across at my friend, and saw such
fear in his face as I have only ever seen before when men
faced death and had not the inner resolve prepared for it.
But then a good man is always more vulnerable for those
he loves than he is for himself.
Hunt rose from the table. "I must warn the servants," he
said, gaining some control as he thought of action. "I have
shotguns sufficient for all the outdoor staff, and we shall
keep the doors locked and admit no one unknown to us.
The windows have locks and I myself shall make the rounds
every night to see that all is secure." He went to the door.
"Excuse me, Watson, but I am sure you understand I must
be about this matter with the utmost urgency."
"Of course," I agreed, rising also. My mind was racing.
What would Sherlock Holmes do were he here? He would
do more than defend, he would attack. He would discover
all he could about the nature and identity of this creature
who called himself "M." Hunt's mind was instantly

concerned in doing all he could to protect the child, but I
was free to apply my intelligence to the problem.
My medical experience has been with military men and
the diseases and injuries of war, nevertheless I believe I
may have a manner toward those who are frightened or ill
which would set them at as much ease as possible.
Therefore I determined to seek permission of the
nursemaid, and see if I might speak with Jenny herself, and
learn what she could tell me of her experience.
The maid was naturally deeply reluctant to pursue
anything which might distress the child, of whom she was
extraordinarily fond. I judged her to be an honest and goodhearted young woman such as anyone might choose to
care for an infant who had lost her own mother. However
the fact that I was a guest in the house, and above all that I
was a doctor, convinced her that my intentions and my skill
were both acceptable.
I found Jenny sitting at her breakfast of bread and
butter cut into fingers, and a soft-boiled egg. I waited until
she had finished eating before addressing her. She
seemed to be little worse for her kidnap, but then of course
she had no idea that the threat of that again, and worse,
awaited her.
She looked at me guardedly, but without alarm, as long
as her nursemaid stayed close to her.
"Good morning, Dr. Watson," she replied when I had
introduced myself. I sat down on one of the small nursery

chairs, so as not to tower over her. She was a beautiful
child with very fair hair and wide eyes of an unusually dark
blue.
"Are you all right after your adventure, yesterday
night?" I asked her.
"Yes, I don't need any medicine," she said quickly. It
seemed that her last taste of medicine was not one she
wished to repeat.
"Good," I agreed. "Did you sleep well?"
The question did not appear to have much meaning for
her. I had forgotten in the face of her solemn composure
just how very young she was.
"You did not have bad dreams?" I asked.
She shook her head.
"I'm glad. Can you tell me what happened?"
"I was in the garden," she said, her eyes downcast.
"What were you doing there?" I pressed her. It was
important that I learn all I could.
"Picking flowers," she whispered, then looked up at
me to see how I took that. I gathered that was something
she was not supposed to do.
"I see." I dismissed the subject and she looked
relieved. "And someone came and spoke to you?
Someone you did not know?"
She nodded.
"What did he look like? Do you remember?"

"Yes. He was old. He had no hair at the front," she
indicated her brow. "His face was white. He is very big, but
thin, and he talked a funny way."
"Was his hair white?" What was her idea of old?
She shook her head.
"What did you call him?" That might give some clue.
"Fessa," she replied.
"Fessa?" What an odd name.
"No!" she said impatiently. "P'fessa!" This time she
emphasized the little noise at the beginning.
"Professor?" I said aghast.
She nodded. A ridiculous and horrible thought began
to form in my mind. "He was thin, and pale, with a high
forehead. Did he have unusual eyes?" I asked.
She shivered, suddenly the remembered fear returned
to her. The nursemaid took a step closer and put her arms
around the child, giving me a glare, warning me to go no
further. In that moment I became convinced within myself
that it was indeed Professor Moriarty that we were dealing
with, and why he had kidnapped a child and returned her
with a fearful warning, would in time become only too
apparent.
"Where did he take you?" I asked with more urgency in
my tone than I had intended.
She looked at me with anxiety. "A house," she said
very quietly. "A big room."
How could I get her to describe it for me, without

suggesting her answers so they would be of no value?
"Did you ride in a carriage to get there?" I began.
She looked uncertain, as if she could have said yes,
and then no.
"In something else?" I guessed.
"Yes. A little kind of carriage, not like ours. It was cold."
"Did you go very far?"
"No."
I realized after I had said it that it was a foolish
question. What was far in a child's mind? Holmes would
chastise me for such a pointless waste of time.
"Was it warm in the room? Was there a fire?"
"No."
"Who was there, besides the Professor? Did they give
you anything to eat?"
"Yes. I had teacakes with lots of butter." She smiled as
she said that, apparently the memory was not unpleasant.
But how could I get her to tell me something that would help
find the place where she had been taken, or anything
whatever which would be of use in preventing Moriarty from
succeeding in his vile plan? "Did you go upstairs?" I tried.
She nodded. "Lots," she answered, looking at me
solemnly. "I could see for miles and miles and miles out of
the window."
"Oh?" I had no need to feign my interest. "What did you
see?"

She described an entire scene for me with much
vividness. I had no doubt as to at least the general area in
which she had been held. It was a tall house, from the stairs
she climbed, at least three stories, and situated a little to
the west of the nearby village of Hampden. I thanked her
profoundly, told her she was very clever, which seemed to
please her, and hastened away to tell my friend Hunt of our
advance in information. However I did not mention that I
believed our enemy to be the infamous Moriarty.
"I have reason to think that the matter is of great
gravity," I said as we sat in his study, he still ashen-faced
and so beset with anxiety he was unable to keep from
fidgeting first with a paper knife, then with a quill, scribbling
as if he had ink in it but merely damaging the nib.
"What does he want?" he burst out in desperation. "I
cannot even comply! He asks for nothing!"
"I would like your permission to go into the village and
send a wire to my friend Sherlock Holmes," I replied. "I think
he would involve himself in this matter willingly, and I know
of no better chance in the world to detect any matter than to
have his help."
His face lit with hope. "Would he? So simple a thing as
a child who has been taken, and returned, with no ransom
asked? It is hardly a great crime."
"It is a great crime to cause such distress," I said quite
genuinely. "And the fact that he has asked no price, and yet
threatened to do it again, is a mystery which I believe will

intrigue him."
"Then call him, Watson, I beg you. I will have the trap
sent around to the front to take you immediately. Ask him to
come as soon as he may. I will reward him any and every
way in my power, if there is any reward he will accept."
But I knew, of course, that the name of Moriarty would
be sufficient to bring him, and so it turned out. I received a
return wire within a few hours, saying that he would be there
by the late train that evening, if someone would be good
enough to meet him at the station. I spent the rest of the
afternoon searching in the village of Hampden until I was
sure that I had found the house Jenny had described, but I
was careful to appear merely to be passing by on my way
somewhere else, so if any watcher saw me it would cause
no alarm.
In the evening I went to meet the train, and the moment
it drew in and stopped amid clouds of steam, one door flew
open and I saw Holmes' lean figure striding along the
platform toward me. He looked a different man from the
miserable figure I had left behind me in Baker Street. He
reached me and said the one word, as if it were some
magic incantation, his eyes alight. "Moriarty!"
I was suddenly afraid that I had miscalculated the
situation, perhaps been too quick to leap to a conclusion.
He so often charged me with precisely that fault. "I believe
so," I said somewhat cautiously.
He gave me a quick glance. "You are uncertain. What

makes you doubt, Watson? What has happened since you
wired me?"
"Nothing!" I said hastily. "Nothing whatever. It is simply
a deduction, not a known fact that it was he who took the
child."
"Has any demand been received yet?" There was still
interest in his voice, but I thought I detected a note of
disappointment all the same.
"Not yet," I answered as we reached the gate to the
lane where the trap was waiting. He climbed in and I drove
it in silence through the winding, steep-banked roads,
already shadowed in the sinking sun. I told him of my
conversation with Jenny and all I had learned from it, also
my location of the house, all of which he listened to without
comment. I was certainly not going to apologize to him for
having called him out on a matter which may not, after all,
involve his archenemy. It involved the abduction of a child,
which as far as I can see, is as important as any single
case could be.
We were within quarter of a mile of the Grange when I
saw in the dusk the gardener come running toward me,
arms waving frantically. I pulled up, in case he should startle
the pony and cause it to bolt. "Steady, man!" I shouted.
"Whatever has happened?"
"She's gone again!" he cried while still some yards
from me. He caught his breath in a sob. "She's gone!"
Instantly Holmes was all attention. He leaped out of the

trap and strode to the wretched man. "I am Sherlock
Holmes. Tell me precisely what has occurred. Omit no
detail but tell me only what you have observed for yourself,
or if someone has told you, give me their words as exactly
as you can recall them."
The man made a mighty effort to regain control of
himself, but his distress was palpable all the time he
gasped out his story.
"The maid, Josephine, was with Jenny upstairs in the
nursery. Jenny had been running around and had stubbed
her toe quite badly. It was bleeding, so Josephine went to
the cupboard in the dressing room where she keeps
bandages and the like, and when she returned Jenny was
gone. At first she was not concerned, because she had
heard the hokey-pokey man outside the gates, and Jenny
loves ice-cream, so she thought that she had run down for
the kitchen maid to find him." He was so distraught he was
gasping between his words. "But she wasn't there, and the
kitchen maid said she hadn't seen her at all. We searched
everywhere, upstairs and down . . . "
"But you did not find the child," Holmes finished for
him, his own face grim.
"That's right! Please sir, in the name of heaven, if you
can help us, do it! Find her for us! I know the master'll give
that devil anything he wants, just so we get Jenny back
again, an' not hurt."
"Where is the hokey-pokey man now?" Holmes asked.

"Percy? Why, he's right there with us, helping to look
for her," the gardener replied.
"Is he local?"
"Yes. Known him most of my life. You're never thinking
he would harm her? He wouldn't, but he couldn't either,
because he's been here all the time."
"Then the answer lies elsewhere." Holmes climbed
back into the trap. "Watson may know where she was taken
the first time and we shall go there immediately. Tell your
master what we have done, and continue your search in all
other places. If it is indeed who we think, he will not be so
obvious as to show us the place again, but we must look.
We drove with all speed to Hampden and I took
Holmes to the street parallel with the one on which was the
house. We searched it and found it empty. We had no time
to lose in examining it closely, and only the carriage lantern
with which to do it.
"She has not been here tonight," Holmes said bitterly,
although we had not truly dared believe she would be. "We
shall return in the morning to learn what we may."
We left to go back to the Grange to continue with any
assistance we could. It was in turmoil as on the evening
before, and as then, we joined the others seeking
desperately for the child. Holmes questioned every one of
the staff, both indoor and outdoor, and by nearly eleven
o'clock we were exhausted and frantic with fear for her.
I found Holmes in the kitchen garden, having looked

once again through the sheds and glass houses, holding a
lantern up to see what the damp ground might tell him.
"This is a miserable business, Watson," he said,
knowing my step and not bothering to raise the light to see.
"There is something peculiarly vile about using a child to
accomplish one's purposes. If it is in fact Moriarty, he has
sunk very low indeed. But he must want something." He
stared at me earnestly, the lamplight picking out the lines of
his face, harsh with the anger inside him. I have never
observed him show any special fondness for children, but
the anguish caused to a parent had been only too clear for
all to see. And Holmes despised a coward even more than
he did a fool. Foolishness was more often than not an
affliction of nature. Cowardice was a vice sprung from
placing one's own safety before the love of truth, known as
the safety and welfare of others. It is the essential
selfishness, and as such he saw it as lying at the core of so
much other sin.
"But he wants something, Watson. Moriarty never does
anything simply because he has the power to do it. You say
the child was returned last night, and this morning a note
was delivered? There will be another note. He may choose
to torture his victim by lengthening the process, until the
poor man is so weak with the exhaustion of swinging from
hope to despair and back, but sooner or later he will name
his price. And you may be sure, the longer he waits, the
higher the stakes he is playing for!

I tried to concentrate on what he was saying, but I was
longing to take up my lantern again and renew my effort to
find Jenny. After my conversation with her this morning she
was no longer merely a lost child, she was a person for
whom I had already grown a fondness, and I admit the
thought of Moriarty using her in his plot nearly robbed me of
sensible judgment. If I could have laid hands on him at that
moment I might have beaten him to within an inch of his life
—or closer even than that.
I walked what seemed to be miles, calling her name,
stumbling over tussock and plowed field, scrambling
through hedgerows and frightening birds and beasts in the
little coppice of woodland. But I still returned to the house
wretched and with no word of hope at all.
We were all gathered together in the kitchen, the
indoor staff, the outdoor, Hunt, Holmes and myself. It was all
but midnight. The cook brewed a hot, fresh pot of tea and
the butler fetched the best brandy to strengthen it a little,
when there was a faint sound in the passage beyond and
the door swung open. As one person we turned to face it,
and saw Jenny standing white-faced, one shoe off and her
foot smeared with blood.
"Papa . . . " she started.
Hunt strode across the floor and picked her up. He
held her so tightly she cried out with momentary pain, then
buried her head on his shoulder and started to cry. She was
not alone, every female servant in the place wept with her,

and not a few of the men found a sudden need to blow their
noses uncommonly fiercely, or to turn away for a moment
and regain their composure.
Holmes was up before six and I found him in the hall
pacing back and forth when I came down for breakfast just
after half past seven. He swung around to face me. "Ah, at
last," he said critically. "Go and question the child again,"
he commanded. "Learn anything you can, and pay
particular attention to who took her and who brought her
back."
"Surely you don't think one of the household staff is
involved?" I dreaded the idea, and yet it had been done
with such speed and efficiency I was obliged to entertain
the possibility myself.
"I don't know, Watson. There is something about this
that eludes me, something beyond the ordinary. It is
Moriarty at his most fiendish, because it is at heart very
simple."
"Simple!" I burst out. "The child has twice been taken,
the second time in spite of all our attempts to safeguard
her. If he has caused one of these people to betray their
master in such a way, it is the work of the devil himself."
Holmes shook his head. "If so then it is co-incidental. It
is very much his own work he is about. While you were
asleep I buried myself learning something of Hunt's affairs.
Apparently he is the main stockholder in the local mine, as

well as owner of a large amount of land in the area, but he
has no political aspirations or any apparent enemies. I
cannot yet see why he interests Moriarty."
"Money!" I said bitterly. "Surely any man with wealth
and a family, or friends he loves, can be threatened, and
ultimately, by someone clever and ruthless enough, money
may be extorted from him?"
"It is clumsy, Watson, and the police would pursue him
for the rest of his life. Money can be traced, if the plans are
carefully laid. No, such a kidnap has not the stamp of
Moriarty upon it. It gives no satisfaction."
"I hope you are right," I said with little conviction. "The
amount Hunt would pay to have his child safe from being
taken again would be satisfaction to most thieves."
Holmes gave me a withering look, but perhaps he
sensed my deep fear and anger in the matter, and instead
of arguing with me, he again bade me go and question
Jenny.
However I was obliged to wait until nine, and after
much persuasion of the nursemaid, I found Jenny in the
nursery, pale-faced but very composed for one who had
had such a fearful experience not only once but twice.
Perhaps she was too innocent to appreciate the danger in
which she had been.
"Hello, Dr. Watson," she said, as if quite pleased to
see me. "I haven't had breakfast yet. Have you?"
"No," I admitted. "I felt it more important to see how

you were, after last night's adventure. How do you feel,
Jenny?"
"I don't like it," she replied. "I don't want to go there
again."
My heart ached that I was obliged to have her tell me of
it, and I was terribly aware that a whole house full of men
seemed unable to protect her. "I'm sorry. We are doing all
we can to see that you never do," I told her. "But you must
help me. I need to know all about it. Was it the same man
again? The Professor?"
She nodded.
"And to the same place?"
"No." She shook her head. "It was a stable I think.
There was a lot of straw, and a yellow horse. The straw
prickled and there was nothing to do."
"How did the Professor take you from the nursery
here?"
She thought for several minutes and I waited as
patiently as I could.
"I don't 'member," she said at last.
"Did he carry you, or did you walk?" I tried to suggest
something that might shake her memory.
"Don't 'member. I walked."
"Down the back stairs, where the servants go?" Why
had no one seen her? Why had Moriarty dared such a
brazen thing? Surely it had to be one of the servants in his
pay? There was no other sane answer. It did not need

Holmes to deduce that!
"Don't 'member," she said again.
Could she have been asleep? Could they have
administered some drug to her? I looked at the face of the
nursemaid and wondered if anything else lay behind her
expression of love for the child.
I questioned Jenny about her return, but again to no
avail. She said she did not remember, and Josephine
would not allow me to press her any further. Which might
have been fear I would discover something, but might
equally easily have been concern that I not distress the child
any more. In her place I would have forbidden it also.
I went down the stairs again expecting Holmes to be
disappointed in my efforts and I felt fully deserving of his
criticism. Instead he met me waving a note which had
apparently just been delivered.
"This is the reason, Watson!" he said. "And in true
Moriarty style. You were correct in your deduction." And he
offered me the paper.
My Dear Hunt,
I see that you have called in Sherlock Holmes. How
predictable Watson is! But it will avail you nothing. I
can still take the child any time I choose, and you will
be helpless to do anything about it.

However if you should choose to sell 90% of your
shares in the Morton Mine, at whatever the current
market price is—I believe you will find it to be £1.3.6d
more or less, then I shall trouble you no further.
Moriarty.
I looked up at Holmes. "Why on earth should he wish
Hunt to sell his shares?" I asked. "What good would that do
Moriarty?"
"It would start a panic and plunge the value of the entire
mine," Holmes replied. "Very probably of other mines in the
area, in the fear that Hunt knew something damaging about
his own mine which was likely to be true of all the others.
Any denial he might make would only fuel speculation."
"Yes . . . yes, of course. And then Moriarty, or whoever
he is acting for, would be able to buy them all at rockbottom price."
"Exactly," Holmes agreed. "And not only that, but
appear as a local hero as well, saving everyone's
livelihood. This is the true Moriarty, Watson. This has his
stamp upon it." There was a fire within him as he said it that
I confess angered me. The thrill of the chase was nothing
compared with the cost to Hunt, and above all to Jenny.
"Now," he continued. "What have you learned from the child
of how she left here?"

"Very little," I replied. "I fear she may somehow have
been drugged." I repeated what little she had been able to
tell me, and also a description of the stable, as far as she
had been able to give one.
"We shall borrow the pony and trap and go back to the
house in Hampden in daylight," he replied. "There may be
something to learn from a fuller examination, and then seek
the stable, although I have no doubt Moriarty has long left it
now. But first I shall speak to Hunt, and persuade him to do
nothing regarding the shares . . . "
I was appalled. "You cannot ask that of him! We have
already proved that we are unable to protect Jenny. On two
successive nights she has been taken from the house and
returned to it, and we have never seen her go, nor seen her
come back, and are helpless to prevent it happening
again."
"It is not yet time to despair," Holmes said grimly. "I
believe we have some hours." He pulled out his watch and
looked at it. "It is only six minutes past ten. Let us give
ourselves until two of the clock. That will still allow Hunt
sufficient time to inform his stockbroker before close of
business today, if that should be necessary, and Moriarty
may be given proof of it, if the worst should befall."
"Do you see an end to it?" I asked, struggling to find
some hope in the affair. It galled me bitterly to have to give
in to any villain, but to Moriarty of all men. But we were too
vulnerable, I had no strength to fight or to withstand any

threat where the life of a child was concerned, and I know
Hunt would sacrifice anything at all to save Jenny, and I said
as much.
"Except his honor, Watson," Holmes replied very
quickly. "It may tear at his very soul, but he will not plunge a
thousand families into destitution, with their own children to
feed and to care for, in order to save one, even though it is
his own. But we have no time to stand here debating. Have
the trap ready for us, and as soon as I have spoken with
Hunt, I shall join you at the front door."
"What use is it going to Hampden, or the stable, if
Moriarty has long left them?" I said miserably.
"Men leave traces of their acts, Watson," he replied,
but I feared he was going only because we were desperate
and had no better idea. "It might be to our advantage when
we have so little time, if you were to bring a gardener or
some other person who knows the area well," he continued,
already striding away from me.
It was barely thirty minutes later that he returned just as
the gardener drew the trap around, with me in the back
ready to set out for the village. I had also questioned the
gardener as to any local farms which might be vacant, and
answer such slight description as Jenny had given me, or
where the owner might either be unaware of such use of his
stables, or be a willing accomplice.
"Did you persuade Hunt to delay action?" I asked as
Holmes climbed in beside me and we set off at a brisk trot.

"Only until two," he said, tight-lipped. I know that he had
had some agreement to achieve even that much time from
the fact that he stepped forward in the seat and
immediately engaged the gardener in conversation about
every aspect of the nearby farms, their owners and any past
relationship with Hunt, good or ill.
What he was told only served to make matters worse.
Either the gardener, a pleasant chap of some fifty-odd
years named Hodgkins, was more loyal than candid, or
Hunt was generally liked in the region and had incurred a
certain mild envy among one or two, but it was without
malice. The death of his wife while Jenny was still an infant
had brought great sympathy. Hunt was wealthy in real
possessions, the house and land and the mine itself, but he
had no great amount of ready money, and he lived well, but
quite modestly for his station in life. He was generous to his
staff, his tenants and to charity in general. Naturally he had
faults, but they were such as are common to all people, a
sometimes hasty tongue, a rash judgment here or there, too
quick a loyalty to friends, and a certain blindness when it
suited him.
Holmes grew more and more withdrawn as he listened
to the catalog of praise. It told him nothing helpful, only
added to the urgency that we not only find where Jenny had
been taken, but far more challenging, we learn from it
something of use.
We found the tall house again easily, and a few

questions from neighbors elicited an excellent description
of Moriarty.
We went inside and up again to the room that in the
daylight answered Jenny's description in a way which
startled me. It was indeed bright and airy. There was a red
couch, but the grate was clean and cold, as if no fire had
been lit in it recently. I saw a few crumbs on the floor, which I
mentioned to Holmes as coming from the teacakes Jenny
had been given.
"I do not doubt it," Holmes said with no satisfaction.
"There is also a fine yellow hair on the cushion." He waved
absently at the red couch while staring out of one of the
many windows. "Come!" he said suddenly. "There is
nothing else to be learned here. This is where he kept her,
and he intended us to know it. He even left crumbs for us to
find. Now why was that, do you suppose?"
"Carelessness," I replied, following him out of the door
and down the stairs again, Hodgkins on his heels. "And
arrogance."
"No, Watson, no! Moriarty is never careless. He has
left them here for a reason. Let us find this stable. There is
something . . . some clue, something done, or left undone,
which will give me the key."
But I feared he was speaking more in hope than
knowledge. He would not ever admit it, but there is a streak
of kindness in him which does not always sit well with
reason. Of course, I have never said so to him.

We got into the trap again and Hodgkins asked
Holmes which direction he should drive. For several
moments Holmes did not reply. I was about to repeat the
question, for fear that he had not heard, when he sat very
upright. "Which is the most obvious farm, from here?" he
demanded. "That meets our requirements, that is?"
"Miller's," Hodgkins replied.
"How far?"
"Just under two miles. Shall I take you there?"
"No. Which is the second most obvious?"
Hodgkins thought for a moment or two. "I reckon the
old Adams place, sir."
"Good. Then take us there, as fast as you may."
"Yes, sir!"
It proved to be some distance further than the first farm
mentioned, and I admit I became anxious as the minutes
passed and the time grew closer and closer to two. Holmes
frequently kept me in the dark regarding his ideas, but I was
very much afraid that in this instance he had no better
notion of how to foil Moriarty than I did myself. Even if we
found the farm, how was it going to help us? There was no
reason to suppose he would be there now, or indeed ever
again. I forbore from saying so perhaps out of cowardice. I
did not want to hear that he had no solution, that he was as
fallible and as frightened as I.
We reached the Adams' farm and the disused stable.
Holmes opened the door wide to let in all the light he could,

and examined the place as if he might read in the straw
and dust some answers to all our needs. I thought it
pointless. How could anyone find here a footprint of
meaning, a child's hair, or indeed crumbs of anything? I
watched him and fidgeted from one foot to the other, feeling
helpless, and as if we were wasting precious moments.
"Holmes!" I burst out at last. "We . . . " I got no further.
Triumphantly he held up a very small, grubby, white sock,
such as might fit a child. He examined it quickly, and with
growing amazement and delight.
"What?" I said angrily. "So it is Jenny's sock. She was
here. How does that help us? He will still take her tonight,
and you may be sure it will not be to this place!"
Holmes pulled his pocket watch out. "It is after one
already!" he said with desperate urgency. "We have no
time to lose at all. Hodgkins, take me back to the Grange
as fast as the pony can go!"
It was a hectic journey. Hodgkins had more faith than I
that there was some good reason for it, and he drove the
animal as hard as he could short of cruelty, and I must say it
gave of its best. It was a brave little creature and was
lathered and blowing hard when we finally pulled in the drive
at the front door and Holmes leaped out, waving the sock in
his hand. "All will be well!" he shouted to Hodgkins. "Care
for that excellent animal! Watson!" And he plunged into the
hall, calling out for Hunt at the top of his voice.
I saw with dread that the long case clock by the foot of

the stairs already said three minutes past two.
Hunt threw open his study door, his face pale, eyes
wide with fear.
Holmes held up the sock. "Bloodless!" he said
triumphantly. "Tell me, what time does the hokey-pokey
man play?"
Hunt looked at him as if he had taken leave of his wits,
and I admit the same thought had occurred to me. He
stammered a blasphemy and turned on his heel, too
overcome with emotion to form any answer.
Holmes strode after him, catching him by the shoulder,
and Hunt swung around, his eyes blazing, his fist raised as
if to strike.
"Believe me, sir, I am deadly earnest!" Holmes said
grimly. "Your daughter will be perfectly safe until the icecream man comes . . . "
"The ice-cream man!" Hunt exploded. "You are mad,
sir! I have known Percy Bradford all my life! He would no
more . . . "
"With no intent," Holmes agreed, still clasping Hunt by
the arm. "It is the tune he plays. Look!" He held up the
small, grubby sock again. "You see, it has no blood on it!
This was left where Moriarty wishes us to believe he held
her last night, and that this sock somehow was left behind.
But it is not so. It is no doubt her sock, but taken from the
first kidnap when you were not guarding her, having no
reason for concern."

"What difference does that make?" Hunt demanded,
the raw edge of fear in his voice only too apparent.
"Send for the hokey-pokey man, and I will show you,"
Holmes replied. "Have him come to the gates as is his
custom, but immediately, now in daylight, and play his
tunes."
"Do it, my dear fellow!" I urged. I had seen this look of
triumph in Holmes before, and now all my faith in him
flooded back, although I still had no idea what he intended,
or indeed what it was that he suddenly understood.
Hunt hesitated only moments, then like a man plunging
into ice-cold water, he obeyed, his body clenched, his jaw
so tight I was afraid he might break his teeth.
"Come!" Holmes ordered me. "I might need you,
Watson. Your medical skill may be stretched to the limits."
And without any explanation whatever of this extraordinary
remark he started up the stairs. "Take me to the nursery!"
he called over his shoulder. "Quickly, man!"
As it turned out we had some half-hour or more to wait
while the ice-cream vendor was sent for and brought from
his position at this hour in the village. Holmes paced the
floor, every now and then going to the window and staring
out until at last he saw what he wanted, and within moments
we heard the happy, lilting sound of the barrel organ
playing.
Holmes swiveled from the window to stare at the child.
He held up one hand in command of silence, while in the

same fashion forbidding me from moving.
Jenny sat perfectly still. The small woolen golliwog she
had been holding fell from her fingers and, staring straight
ahead of her, she rose to her feet and walked to the nursery
door.
Josephine started up after her.
"No!" Holmes ordered with such fierceness that the
poor girl froze.
"But . . . " she began in anguish as the child opened
the door and walked through.
"No!" Holmes repeated. "Follow, but don't touch her.
You may harm her if you do! Come . . . " And he set off after
her himself, moving on tip-toe so that no noise should alarm
her or let her know she was being followed, though indeed
she seemed oblivious of everything around her.
In single file behind we pursued the child, who seemed
to be walking as if in her sleep, along the corridor and up
the attic stairs, narrow and winding, until she came to a
stop beside a small cupboard in an angle of the combe.
She opened it and crept inside, pulling a blanket over
herself, and then closed the door.
Holmes turned to the maid. "When the nursery clock
chimes eleven, I believe she will awaken and return to
normal, confused but not physically injured. She will believe
what she has been mesmerized to believe, that she was
again taken by Professor Moriarty, as she was in truth the
first time. No doubt he took her to at least three different

places, and she will recall them in successive order, as he
has told her. You will wait here so you can comfort her when
she awakens and comes out, no doubt confused and
frightened. Do not disturb her before that. Do you
understand me?"
"Yes sir! I'll not move or speak, I swear," Josephine
promised, her eyes wide with admiration and I think not a
little relief.
"Good. Now we must find Hunt and assure him of
Jenny's welfare. He must issue a statement denying any
rumor that he might sell his holdings in the mine. In fact if he
can raise the funds, a small purchase of more stock might
be advantageous. We must not allow Moriarty to imagine
that he has won anything, don't you agree?"
"I do!" I said vehemently. "Are you sure she will be all
right, Holmes?"
"Of course, my dear Watson!" he said, allowing
himself to smile at last. "She will have the most excellent
medical attention possible, and a friend to assure her that
she is well and strong, and that this will not occur again.
Possibly eat as much ice-cream as she wishes, provided it
is not accompanied by that particular tune."
"And a new pair of socks!" I agreed, wanting to laugh
and cry at the same time. "You are brilliant, Holmes, quite
brilliant! No resolution to a case has given me more
pleasure."
"It was my good fortune she stubbed her toe," he said

modestly. "And that you were wise enough to send
immediately for me, of course!"

The Adventure of the
Other Detective
by Bradley H. Sinor
Bradley H. Sinor's latest short story collection, Echoes
from the Darkness, which he describes as "Urban
Noir Fantasy," is just out from Arctic Wolf Publishing.
He has new stories forthcoming in the anthologies
Shelter of Daylight, Grantville Gazette V, and Space
Grunts (co-written with his wife, Sue). In all, he has
published more than seventy short stories in the
science fiction, fantasy, horror, and mystery fields. He
is also the author of more than two hundred and fifty
articles appearing in magazines, newspapers, and
essay anthologies.
"There but for the grace of God go I," said John
Bradford, in humble acknowledgment of the role of
chance and circumstance in human affairs. We can't
help thinking about how things could have been
different. If you hadn't gone to that party, you wouldn't
have met your spouse. If you hadn't left your house at
that exact moment, you wouldn't have been in that
accident. It can get pretty mind-boggling to consider

how many things had to happen exactly the way they
did since the beginning of the universe in order for you
to have been born at all. Science fiction has a long
tradition of exploring the notion of alternate worlds,
especially since the many-worlds interpretation of
quantum mechanics suggested that any universe that
can exist does exist, somewhere. If we were to shuffle
through our possible lives as we shuffle the cards of a
deck, we would see lovers become strangers,
strangers become lovers, children vanish and other
children take their place. We would see houses,
apartments, cars, pets flicker by in endless
permutations. We would see good men turned vile,
and wicked men become heroes. There but for the
grace of God go I.
The weeks following the return of Sherlock Holmes,
three years after his supposed death at the hands of
Professor James Moriarty, the so-called Napoleon of
Crime, were busy ones for my old friend.
There was, as might be expected, a steady stream of
visitors who found their way to Baker Street, everyone from
the dirtiest pickpocket to a messenger who took Holmes to
a private meeting at Buckingham Palace.
I had also returned to Baker Street.
Not twenty-four hours after Colonel Sebastian Moran
had been led away in chains by Inspector Lestrade,

Holmes asked if I would agree to return to Baker Street. "It
would be the best medicine in the world for you, Watson,"
he said over one of Mrs. Hudson's excellent dinners.
As I look back on that night I must admit that I was not
all that difficult to convince. My darling Mary had been gone
for nearly a year. Her weak heart had taken her only three
days after our fifth wedding anniversary.
The end had come so swiftly that there had been
nothing that all of my medical skill could have done to save
her.
Even after so many months, there were moments when
I caught myself turning to ask her something, or I would look
up at a sound, expecting to see her stepping around a
corner.
So Holmes's invitation was a most welcome one for
me.
Of cases there were many: The Adventure of the
Black Katana, The Quest for Pendragon's Son, and The
Theft of Alharazad's Manuscript, to name just a few.
By the middle of October things had returned to as
much of a semblance of normality as was anything around
Sherlock Holmes.
The evening of the 13th I was alone in Baker Street.
Holmes was dining with his brother, Mycroft, and I did not
expect his return for many hours.
I had declined the invitation to join them. I had no doubt
that I would hear the details from Holmes, especially of the

"favor" that he would no doubt be asked to perform by the
man whom he had once described as, at times, "being the
British Government."
Beside my favorite chair that evening stood a stack of
medical journals, a stack that I had to admit was far too
high. This past year I had sadly neglected to keep up on the
literature of my profession, and it was something that I
meant to correct.
The mantle clock had just tolled ten when I heard a
furious pounding on the downstairs door. Moments later the
familiar footsteps of Mrs. Hudson could be heard rushing to
answer the summons.
The young man behind Mrs. Hudson looked vaguely
familiar, in that way that so many people resemble others.
He was bundled tightly against the night's chill.
"Sir, I am sorry to disturb you, but the young man says
that it's an emergency," Mrs. Hudson said.
"I am afraid that Holmes has not returned, but if there is
anything that I can do—"
Before I could say more, the young man cut me off with
a wave.
"Sir, it wasn't Mr. Holmes that I come to fetch, but
yourself. There's been an accident."
"Accident? Where?" I said, sitting bolt up.
"Three streets over," he said. "Mr. Delvechio's
warehouse. It was himself Mr. Hobbs who came falling off
that old balcony. I couldn't tell if he was breathing or not."

Mrs. Hudson already had my bag ready. The fog that
had rolled in at sunset was heavier than I had seen it in
years, enshrouding the streets like a thick blanket. A halfdozen steps from the door and Baker Street was gone from
sight.
"Colder than I thought it would be," I said, pausing to
pull up the collar on my coat.
"Aye, sir."
"What's your name, son?"
"Arthur, sir. Arthur Pym. I'm the new accounting clerk
for Mr. Delvechio. Only been there about a half year."
It was scarcely five minutes before Pym was leading
me to a side door marked DELVECHIO AND SONS,
IMPORTERS.
He had to pound for several minutes before anyone
came to admit us. "We got no time for—"
The door was opened by a massive man with small
square-shaped glasses hanging on the end of his nose.
"Oh, it's you."
"Aye, Mr. Harris. I done brought the doctor. Watson's
his name."
"Don't matter what his name is. Could've saved
yourself a trip. If that fall did'na kill him he'll be dead soon,
after doing a header into that pile of Italian mirrors."
Not since the battlefields of Afghanistan had I seen a
body covered with that much blood. Around me were
hundreds, if not thousands, of shards of glass. In each one

there seemed to be another me, angled and bent and torn
into a million different shapes. The unfortunate Mr. Hobbs
lay in the center of this display, any hope that he might still
be alive ended when I found the shard of glass embedded
in his jugular.
Once the police had arrived and taken statements,
confirming the story of Hobbs's fall, I volunteered to remain
until the body was removed. The constable said it would not
be necessary, but that I should come to the local station
house tomorrow to make a statement.
"Are you certain you don't want me to come with you,
Doctor Watson?"
"Thank you, Arthur, but it is only a few blocks. Even in
this mist I can find my way to 221B with no problem."
"You have a good night then, sir," said the constable
as he opened the door.
I picked my way through the fog carefully. The
occasional glow of a streetlamp gave a safe haven of scant
few feet in the mist. I had to stop several times, unsure of
my direction.
Standing there in the mist a feeling of nausea came
crashing over me and I had to fight for each breath. My
head seemed about to burst with wave after wave of pain. I
had to struggle to keep from losing myself in the pain. For
that instant I could have been anywhere: Delvechio's
Warehouse, darkest Africa, or the cold wastes of the South
Pole.

Then, just as quickly as it came, the feeling passed,
leaving only a dull ache in the pit of my stomach in its wake.
I pulled myself together and began to pick my way once
again toward Baker Street.
When I finally reached that familiar door I felt as if I had
just run ten miles with full military field pack, uphill. A good
stiff shot of whiskey and my own bed were the best
prescriptions I could think of right then.
I had some difficulty making my key work. It fit but did
not seem to want to turn at first. Finally, by twisting it hard
and pushing, the door came open. I reminded myself to
mention something to Mrs. Hudson in the morning
concerning it.
Under the door to our rooms I could see a light.
Obviously Holmes had returned in my absence. Just inside I
spied the familiar silhouette of Sherlock Holmes sitting
scrunched in his chair in front of the fireplace. I was just
about to say something when I heard a voice behind me.
"Say now, who might you be?"
Standing in the door to my bedroom was a figure with
a revolver in his hand. When he stepped into the light I saw
a face that I had not seen since I had left Afghanistan.
"Murray?" I said.
"I said, who are you? And why are you bursting into our
quarters without so much as a . . . " His face went ashen as
I stepped into the light. "God help me. It can't be! Colonel?
Colonel Watson, sir? But you're dead!"

At that, my former Army aide fainted dead away.
Holmes was out of his chair and across the room in an
instant, kneeling beside Murray.
"If I am not mistaken, I believe that you, sir, are a
doctor," he proclaimed.
"I am."
"Then I believe you have a patient." It was then that I
realized the man was not Sherlock Holmes but none other
than Professor James Moriarty.
One of the best restoratives available in a physician's
pharmacopoeia is nothing less than good old-fashioned
brandy. I've kept a small metal flask of the stuff in my case
since I first took medical degree. As I expected, it brought
Murray around almost immediately, gasping for breath, but
awake.
I felt every bit as confused as Alice, having stumbled
through the Looking Glass. If this were a dream, it was the
most realistic one I had ever experienced. I felt entitled to a
long swallow of brandy myself.
For that moment I had a chance to look around the
room. Things were familiar, but subtly different. I recognized
the familiar chemical apparatus in the corner, the violin in
its case by the fireplace and the old battered coat tree near
the door. Only the Persian slipper and its tobacco was
missing from its accustomed place; where there should
have been several rows of carefully indexed scrapbooks, I

found neat matching journals, many dealing with
mathematics and astronomy, bearing dates that went back
some eight years, and in the far corner of the room stood a
small telescope.
"Excellent work, Doctor, excellent," said Moriarty.
"Thank you," I said, looking at the man who up until a
few minutes before I had been convinced lay dead at the
bottom of the Reichenbach Falls in Switzerland. Only this
was not exactly the man that Holmes had described. He
was younger by at least ten years, if not more so, than I had
expected. There was an ease and confidence about him
that reminded me of Holmes.
"Would somebody mind telling me just what in the hell
has happened to me?" I said finally.
"A very good question, Doctor. Watson, isn't it?" he
asked as he helped Murray to his feet. My former army aide
stared at me for a moment without saying a word, and then
allowed me to lead him over to the couch.
"Now, Doctor, tell me how long you have lived at 221B
Baker Street?" asked Moriarty, sitting down in the chair
facing the yellow leather one I had taken.
"How . . . ?"
Moriarty grinned and gestured with one finger toward
my medical bag, still sitting open on the floor. "Rather
revealing, I must admit," he said. There, in neat gold letters,
was my name and the address, 221B Baker Street,
London.

The day I had moved back into Baker Street I had
retrieved my old bag from the back of the closet.
In spite of all that Holmes had told me regarding this
man, I found myself warming to the fellow. I began to
describe the events of the evening. Moriarty stopped me
only occasionally to ask for further details, sometimes on
the oddest things, the type of doorway that had fronted
Delvechio's, the uniform the constable had worn, and the
location of the local police station. I wanted to know why,
but for the moment thought it best to keep my own counsel.
Moriarty was especially interested in my impression of the
fog itself.
"A most fantastic tale that you have entertained us with
this evening," said Moriarty. "You have to admit it is a bit
hard to accept, especially considering that Murray and I
have been sharing these quarters since the spring of
1885."
His eyes were unblinking as he stared at me, waiting
for my reaction.
"Professor, I am a doctor, a man of science. If I were
hearing this tale from anyone but myself I would be
convinced that the speaker had far too much good Scotch
whiskey and had been reading one of the scientific
romances of Mr. H. G. Wells. Yet as sure as I sit here, every
word that I have told you is the God's own truth."
Moriarty steepled his fingers in front of his face, deep
in thought. "Doctor, I believe you."

"Professor, how can you believe him?" objected
Murray. "The last time I saw Colonel Watson he was dead,
an Afghan spear through his chest. I supervised the burial
party myself, and that was nearly ten years ago."
Dead? Me? A cold chill ran down my spine. This had
to be a nightmare, but there seemed no way to escape it. I
defy anyone to hear the news that he was not only dead, but
a number of years buried, and not have at least some
reaction.
"What would it take to convince you that this man is
John H. Watson?" asked Moriarty.
Murray thought for a moment before he answered.
"Look on his left forearm." I hesitated for a moment before
taking off my jacket. I rolled up my sleeve and held out my
arm for Moriarty to inspect.
"There should be scar there, three to four inches in
length," said Murray.
"It is there," confirmed Moriarty. "How did you get it?"
I smiled, remembering well the hunting trip with my
father and brother that had been the last time all three of us
had been together as a family. I had brought down a boar,
but not without the beast nearly ripping my arm to shreds.
Murray just shook his head. "Colonel, I don't know how
you managed it, but I'm bloody glad that you did," he said
finely.
"Just a minute there, Murray. That's the second time
you've called me Colonel."

"Aye, sir. After all, that is your rank."
Colonel Doctor John H. Watson. That did have a nice
sound to it. The only trouble was that I had never risen
above the rank of Captain when I had served with the Fifth
Northumberland Fusiliers and had been discharged after
being wounded at the second Battle of Maiwand.
"But, Colonel, at Maiwand you weren't injured. I was."
This difference in history seemed to please Moriarty
when I mentioned it.
"Unless you are one of the most convincing madmen
to come along in a long time, you, sir, are telling the
complete and utter truth. The facts concerning your rank
only serve to help prove my theory.
"Ever since the incident of a man who walked around
his carriage, out of the view of a dozen people, and utterly
vanished, I have developed a theory regarding the
existence of other worlds," he said.
"Like Mars and Venus?" I asked.
"I said other worlds, not other planets," he corrected.
"More precisely, worlds exactly like our own, only with
differences. The result of other decisions, for instance,
where the American Confederate States lost their war for
independence. Mathematically, it makes perfect sense.
"These worlds would on occasion touch and allow
people to pass from one world to another, usually by
accident, but under the right circumstances, deliberately.
Tonight it seems that the fabric of space and time was

stretched so thin that it allowed Dr. Watson to walk from his
London to ours."
"All in the space of a few blocks," I said. Looking out
the window into the fog, I knew in the pit of my stomach his
theory was right. I took a long swallow out of my brandy
flask and laid it on the nearby table. It was hard to fathom
that everything I had known was gone, especially when I
could see much of it around me.
As it had so many times before, the conversation in
Baker Street was interrupted by the arrival of none other
than Inspector Herbert Lestrade. The little rat-faced
Scotland Yard man had been one of the first of Holmes's
professional associates who had made his way to Baker
Street. Naturally, he did not know me from Adam.
"Lestrade, it is always good to see you," said Moriarty,
extending his hand.
"Thank you, Professor. I'm sorry if I've interrupted
anything. However, my news could not wait." He paused for
a moment, looking in my direction. "May I speak freely?"
"Forgive me, Inspector, I'm forgetting my manners.
This is an old army friend of Murray's, Dr. John H. Watson.
They served together in Afghanistan. Dr. Watson is privy to
anything said here."
"Very well then," he said, sitting down in a red leather
chair opposite Moriarty. "Less than an hour ago I received
a telegram notifying us that Colonel Sebastian Moran has
escaped from Dartmore Prison."

"Do they know just when it happened?" asked
Moriarty.
"Sometime in the last three to four days. He got into a
fight with some of the other prisoners. They all ended up in
solitary confinement," said Lestrade.
"And current penal theory calls for prisoners so
incarcerated to see and be seen by no one, except a single
guard," said Moriarty.
"Even at meal times?" I asked.
"A small metal grate on the bottom of each door allows
the trays to be injected and later extracted. Moran has
pulled more than one hunger strike in the past. They could
see a figure wrapped up in his blanket, so even though he
wasn't eating, they didn't much bother with him," said
Lestrade.
"How did they penetrate the ruse?"
Lestrade laughed, leaning back in the red leather
chair. "One of the other prisoners, Volmer by name,
suffered a stroke. He was dying, and his last request was to
see Moran. Apparently they had become friends."
"Do you think that Moran will be making for sanctuary
with his old comrades here in London?" asked Murray.
"Old friend, I know he will. I am also certain that
Moran's employer had a hand in this; it's just his style." With
that, Moriarty was out of his chair. From behind a bust of
Caesar he extracted three perfectly round metal balls. He
rolled them over in his hands several times and then

deposited them in his vest pocket. "How much longer did
Moran have left on his term in solitary confinement?"
"Three days."
"Then whatever is going to happen will happen within
the next seventy-two hours." For a time Moriarty stared at
the wall calendar.
"Good lord," he said.
"What is it, Professor?" asked Murray.
"If I am right, we have little time to lose."
"I'll come with you," volunteered Lestrade.
"Thank you, but no. For the moment there are things
that must be done that you cannot be a part of."
"I don't like it, Professor. This is police business."
"I am aware of that. However, there is no place for you
in our party this evening." Lestrade didn't say another word;
his face reflected the irritation that he was feeling. Instead,
he turned and walked out the door without a word.
Murray disappeared into the bedroom that had once
belonged to me, emerging moments later, overcoat draped
across his arm, a twin pair of Army service revolvers in his
hand. "Colonel, if you would take charge of one of these,"
he said.
The familiar weight in my hand was another
reassurance of the reality around me. It fit perfectly into my
jacket pocket. "I am to accompany you then, Professor?"
"Of course, old chap. Murray and I wouldn't have it any
other way."

"Professor, I am at your disposal."
In spite of the fog we were able to flag down a cab in
only moments. I didn't hear the address that Moriarty gave
the driver, but moments later we were shooting down the
street. After a few turns I lost my way completely.
"Professor, may I ask who Colonel Moran's employer
is?"
"Do you know of Moran in your London?"
"Somewhat. Ex-Indian Army, number two man in a
criminal organization that stretched its tentacles into every
bit of bad business through the length of London, and even
England itself. Prefers to kill with a custom-made air rifle," I
said.
"Air rifles, nice to know old Moran is predictable," said
Murray.
"And who was the head of this criminal cabal?" asked
Moriarty.
I hesitated for a moment before answering. "You,
Professor."
Moriarty laughed. It was the eeriest sound that I had
ever heard.
"Well, why not?" he said at last. "It sort of balances
things out."
"Then who is the leader of the organization here?" I
asked.

"Why, none other than Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
That announcement put a damper on conversation, at
least on my part, so we rode in silence. The concept of
Holmes as a criminal did not seem as shocking now as it
might have a few hours before. In the back of my mind I
suppose I still harbored the faint hope that this was all some
strange dream that I would at any moment be roused from.
Our cab pulled to a stop in front of Number Ten
Cudugin Square. A three-story private home, its windows
were dark and a single gas light burned at its front door.
"On your toes, gentlemen," said Moriarty. "Our luck is
with us. They are meeting tonight."
A liveried butler answered the door. The professor
spoke a single word to the man. "Valhalla."
"Down the hall, sir, second door to the right."
As we walked along the hallway, I had the distinct
feeling that we were being watched, which I told Moriarty.
"I would be worried if we weren't," replied the
professor. "The security of those we are about to meet is of
paramount importance."
Any interest I might have had in who we were going to
meet vanished the moment I saw who had opened the
door. The dark brunette hair fell loose around her
shoulders, hazel green eyes in a familiar oval face.
It couldn't be, but it was! Mary, my own dear wife, dead
these many months, but there she stood. It took all the
strength I could muster to keep from grabbing her up.

"This way, gentlemen," she said.
"Easy, Colonel," said Murray, his hand on my shoulder.
My former aide had always been aware of my moods,
many times almost before I was.
Three men sat at the heavy oaken table that
dominated the room. Two of them I knew by sight. One was
none other than Edward, Prince of Wales, and Heir
Apparent to throne. Next to him was a much older man. It
took me a moment or two to recognize him, considering
Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gotta, Prince Consort to Her Royal
Highness Victoria, Queen of England, had died thirty-three
years earlier in the world I knew. The third man was
unknown to me, though he did look vaguely familiar. His thin
cadaverous face suggested someone who might be found
on the streets of the East End, rather than in this company.
Seeing this, and most of all, Mary alive, made me pray that
it was not all some nightmare.
"Professor, this is a most unexpected surprise. We
haven't had the honor of your company for far too long,"
said Prince Albert.
"Thank you, Your Royal Highness," said Moriarty. "I
believe you know Murray. This other gentleman is Dr. John
H. Watson, whom I have asked to lend his aid to tonight's
enterprise. I will vouch for him completely."
"That he travels in your company is proof enough of his
trustworthiness," said Prince Edward, as he extracted a
large cigar from his silver case. "Watson? Watson. Would

you be related to the late Colonel Watson? I met him some
years ago on a tour of India."
"A cousin, sir." I could hear every bit of uncertainty in
my voice as I spoke. "Our parents always claimed that he
and I could have passed as twins."
"Indeed. If memory serves me, you readily could have."
He laughed as he lit the big cigar. "He was a good man, of
whom your family can be justly proud; he was a true hero of
the empire."
"Thank you."
"Now, Professor," said the Prince Consort. "What is
this errand that has brought you here tonight?"
"It is a matter of gravest importance. By your own
statement, even the Queen does not know just how involved
you and your son are in these meetings. If it had not been
for your sure hand behind the scenes, I would not care to
speculate what state our country would be in now.
"However, tonight matters have reached a point where
I can no longer act alone. For some years you three have
known of my ongoing feud with Sherlock Holmes. More
times than I care to remember, this Napoleon of Crime has
managed to elude the net that I have cast for him. Tonight
he made a move in a plan that will involve the escape of
Jack the Ripper."
The silence that fell over the room with his words was a
familiar one to me. I had known it on those occasions when
it had been necessary to break the news to a patient's

family that they had lost a loved one.
"You are certain of this?" said Prince Albert. At that
moment he seemed twenty years older than when I had
come into the room.
"Yes, and moreover, I believe that events will come to
a head within the next several days. In three days' time it will
be the anniversary of the first of the Ripper murders. It
would suit Holmes's sense of humor to see the man walking
free again on that day."
The silent man picked up his pen and began to write.
A moment later the sheet was passed to Prince Edward.
The younger man's cigar sat untouched in the ashtray in
front of him, a gray pile of ash below it.
"You have guaranteed the silence of your companions,
Professor. Very well, let both men understand that what they
are about to hear may be the most dangerous secret in the
entirety of the British Empire. What do you gentlemen know
concerning the Ripper murders?" asked the Heir Apparent.
"Only what was in the newspapers," Murray said.
Holmes had, in fact, been called into the case, but had
never confided any of the details, saying that it was a tale
better left untold. I recalled the multitude of rumors that had
echoed from every pub and street corner regarding the
Ripper during those dark days.
"Six years ago Murray was in America handling the
matter of the May Surveillance for me. Dr. Watson was also
out of the country."

"Very well. As you gentlemen know, for some six
months in 1888, London was frightened to its core by the
series of murders committed in the Whitechapel district by
the person who came to be known as Jack the Ripper.
"So far as the public knows, the Ripper was never
brought to book for the crime. Some of the far more
speculative journals have hinted that he may still be
prowling the streets of London to this day. That has not
been true for more than six years.
"Thanks to the untiring efforts of Professor Moriarty,
Scotland Yard, and the late Inspector Allard, in early July of
that year the Ripper was captured," said Prince Edward.
"Then why was the public never told of this?" asked
Murray.
"Because of the identity of the Ripper. I still remember
the night I was summoned to Scotland Yard. When I learned
who the Ripper actually was I knew that it would be
impossible for that knowledge to be made public," said
Prince Albert, his voice shaky.
"Impossible," said his son picking up the narrative.
"Because Jack the Ripper was none other than the Duke of
Clarence, third in line to the throne of England; Albert
Victor, my own flesh and blood, my son."
There had been rumors, of course, regarding the
Queen's grandson. Like many others, I had heard them and
just credited them to a frightened, overactive public's
imagination.

"He was insane, of course, a mental disorder
combined with syphilis. You both will understand the
dilemma that we faced," said Moriarty.
"My grandson had to be cut out of the line of
succession. The very idea that the heir to the throne was a
murderer would have shaken the very foundations of this
monarchy and our empire. So, like a mad dog, he was, in a
manner of speaking, put down. With the cooperation of
certain highly placed officials, we faked his death.
"For the last few years, Albert Victor, under the name
Victor Wednesday, has been a patient at Druid's Hill
Asylum. Not even my beloved Victoria knows the truth in
this matter," said Prince Albert.
"You may rest assured, Your Royal Highness, that no
one shall hear of this from either Murray or myself," I said.
"Thank you, Doctor." This was no monarch who spoke
now, but a grieving grandfather.
The third man again took pen in hand. This time the
paper went directly to Prince Albert.
The old man read it and nodded. "I cannot agree with
you more."
"Professor, I am going to place the entire matter into
your hands. You will have at your disposal all the resources
of the government if you need them.
The Prince Consort scribbled a few lines on a sheet of
paper, added hot wax to the bottom, and his signet ring into
it. His son looked at the result, signed it and added his own

signet's impression to the wax.
"This will not only gain you admittance to the asylum,
but gives you full authority to act as you see fit concerning
the inmate known as Victor Wednesday," said Prince
Edward.
"Full authority?"
I arched an eyebrow at those words. To me that meant
the power of life and death. I suspected it meant the same
to Moriarty
"Full authority," the Heir Apparent repeated.
"I understand. I will attempt to exercise it with extreme
discretion."
"I didn't doubt that for one minute," said the older man,
quietly.
Moriarty had decided that it would be best for Murray
to remain in London while the Professor and I would pay a
visit to Druid's Hill. We, however, did not travel alone.
At the insistence of Prince Edward, we were
accompanied by Mary Morstan.
"I think that she would be of very great help to you in
this enterprise," Prince Edward had said.
I was the first to raise objection, fearing for her safety. I
also found myself wondering if in this world Mary were one
of the many "close friends" that Bertie was known to have in
mind.
"Before you object, Doctor," she said. "Let me

enlighten you to a few things. I am also a physician, fully
board-certified and a graduate of Queen's College. I have
been a practicing doctor for some time. My specialty these
last several years has been the study of criminal insanity."
Mary had always exhibited a healthy interest in my
work, but I had never considered that it had gone that far.
To say I was astonished was to put the situation mildly. I
had heard of women doctors, but had never encountered
one before.
"What is the Prince's condition?" I asked.
"Slowly deteriorating. He has periods of lucidity, but
they don't last long anymore. Like many patients suffering
from syphilis, his thoughts are confused and at times make
little or no sense. There are moments when he can fly into a
total murderous rage at the mention of certain subjects. In
the case of the Prince, it is mention of the Queen, his
grandmother. Only three weeks ago he nearly killed one of
the other doctors who made an offhand remark," she said.
"You understand the danger that you are placing
yourself in tonight?" I asked, realizing as I did that I was
speaking to the woman who had spent considerable time in
the company of Jack The Ripper these past few years and
lived to tell about it.
"Yes, Dr. Watson," she said. "But thank you for taking
time to worry."
"If I may ask a question, Professor?" I said.
"Certainly. Given the current set of circumstances, I

would imagine that you have quite a few of them."
"That rather thin gentleman back there at Cudugin
Square, the one who never spoke. Who was he? He
certainly seemed to have the Prince's ear."
"Indeed he does. His name is Holmes."
"Holmes? Mycroft Holmes?"
"That is exactly who he is, Watson. I take it you know
him?"
"Yes. What does he do for the Prince?"
"I'm not sure, but I think that he is the head of the secret
service."
"You think?"
"That's how secret it is." At least some things were the
same in this world as the one I had come from.
I shook my head and turned toward Mary.
We departed Victoria Station the next morning. During
the trip I found it remarkably easy to speak with Mary, she
was so like the woman I had fallen in love with, and yet as
different as night and day.
Druid's Hill Asylum. The name suggested a far more
sinister-appearing place than the rather palatial-looking
country estate we found ourselves approaching that
evening. The house itself was more than three hundred
years old; its basements had been built deep into solid
bedrock. A fence, hidden in places by carefully placed
hedges and trees, surrounded the grounds. The ornamental

grating on the windows was actually reinforced iron.
"Definitely a fortress," I said.
"It will be difficult for Holmes to penetrate these
grounds," Mary observed.
"Dr. Morstan, I appreciate the fact that you did not
claim it impossible. Nothing is impossible," Moriarty said.
"In just the journey here I have conceived of some five
methods that would work. It is the sort of challenge that
Holmes has always accepted in the past."
The director of Druid's Hill was a burly man with
mutton-chop side whiskers named Throckmorton, Dr. R. A.
Throckmorton. He seemed a self-important fellow who had
found his niche and intended to protect it.
"See here, I will not have you interrupting the routine of
this establishment. Barging in here in the middle of the
night is the sort of thing that could destroy months and
months of work with these patients. We walk a delicate
balance with some of them. Dr. Morstan, I'm totally
astonished that you would associate yourself with these . . .
common adventurers."
Moriarty rose in his chair at those words, but settled
back. His face was washed of emotion, his eyes two cutting
gray lights starring at Dr. Throckmorton. I heard a tiny click,
click, click sound, of metal hitting metal, and noticed
Moriarty had the three metal balls in his hand and was
rolling them back and forth.
"You have seen our authorization."

"Indeed I have. That piece of paper leads me to
suspect that the dementia that afflicts Victor Wednesday
may be only partially caused by the disease that he suffers
from, and more from his ancestry," Throckmorton said.
"That statement borders on treason, Doctor," I said.
"It borders on the rights of a free-born Englishman to
speak his mind, sir," replied Throckmorton. "A right that we
all posses, republican and royalist alike."
"Dr. Throckmorton, this is not Hyde Park. You know my
authority, where it comes from and the range of it. You know
my personal credentials. My companions are physicians
who will certainly see to the health of the patient. Will you
permit me access to him?" said Moriarty.
"Yes," he said finally.
Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence, third in line for the
throne of Great Britain, AKA Victor Wednesday, was
awake. He was sitting on his bed staring at a small painting
of a landscape hanging on the opposite wall.
The cell that they kept him in was on the lowest level of
Druid's Hill, nearly thirty feet under ground. According to
Mary, he was allowed out only under the most strictly
controlled conditions. This section of the asylum was
reserved for the most dangerous and psychotic cases. As
we had made our way through the halls, I heard screams of
pain and anger that cut into the very stones of the building.
"I've seen him sit for days just like that, not sleeping,

just staring at it, absorbing every little nuance of it. Perhaps
for him it is an escape," Mary said. "Other times he raves
on every subject imaginable, making little or no sense. On
rarer and rarer occasions he is coherent and seemingly
aware of what he has done and what is happening to him."
We had been there an hour, and never once in that
time had the Prince responded to any questions, or even
so much as acknowledged our presence. He just sat on the
edge of his bed and stared at the painting. I could see
enough of his face to recognize the family features, echoes
of those two faces that I had seen only a few hours before.
He had lost weight, but no matter what name he officially
bore at Druid's Hill, there was no mistaking that face.
"I wonder if he knows of the plan to free him," I asked.
"I would not put it past Holmes to have contacted him.
Whether he did, it is questionable whether Victor would
even remember it," said Moriarty. "At his stage of the
disease, a syphilitic's memory is not reliable."
In the meantime the Prince had risen and walked
across his cell to make a slight adjustment to the picture.
Then he began to pace back and forth, in slow, measured
steps along the length of the cell, holding himself with the
dignified carriage and air that one would expect of a
member of the royal family.
He stopped for a moment, looked toward us, gave a
slight nod in Mary's direction and continued pacing.
"I do not expect the attack to be direct," I told Moriarty.

"Perhaps," he said.
"Sometimes a frontal assault is exactly the sort of
strategy that works the best," someone said from behind
us.
We turned to find Director Throckmorton standing in
the door that led to the upper levels of the asylum. The
voice belonged to a big bear of a man standing directly
behind him, his arm around Throckmorton's neck, a pistol
pressed to the doctor's temple.
"If you gentlemen and the lady would be so good as to
step back against the far wall it would make things a great
deal easier for the lot of us."
"Please do as he says! He's already shot two of my
orderlies and who knows how many other people," pleaded
the director in a whiny high-pitched voice.
"Colonel Moran, I presume?" I said.
"Indeed I am, and who might you be, sir? I know
Moriarty and this girl, but you are a stranger to me."
"I am Colonel Doctor John Watson, late of the Fifth
Northumberland Fusiliers. You may be more then a bit
familiar with my old regiment." I elected to use the
unaccustomed rank, hoping that it just might give me a tiny
bit of equality in Moran's mind.
"A fine outfit. Now Colonel, if you don't get yourself up
against that wall I will shoot you and then Director
Throckmorton, in that order," he said.
So much for the idea of impressing him. "Oh really, Mr.

Holmes," said Moriarty, shaking his head. "I do think that it
would be a bit more comfortable for you if Colonel Moran
would take the gun out of your ear."
For the briefest moment I wondered what kind of game
he was playing. Then I saw a change come over the asylum
director. Moran did indeed free him, stepping back several
paces. An obviously padded jacket slipped off
Throckmorton's shoulder, followed by a shirt pillow and the
shock of unruly red hair and mutton-chop sideburns.
Sherlock Holmes stood stretching himself to his full
height. The face was the same as that of my friend, but the
lines around his eyes were harder and crueler.
"There, that is much better. The disguise was not all
that difficult a thing to do, but the man has such an
insufferable attitude I wonder how anyone can stand to be
around him for any length of time. Tell me, Professor, when
did you know it was I?"
"Not immediately. Only when I noticed that one of your
sideburns was not quite glued down completely did I
suspect that I was not talking to the genuine Dr.
Throckmorton. Your acting was excellent. I have no doubt
you would have done well treading the boards," said
Moriarty.
"My thanks, Professor. Like many, I have always
harbored dreams of theater. Perhaps if my life had gone
down a different path. That however, is neither here nor
there. Your sudden arrival has forced me to accelerate my

plans."
Holmes's slim fingers reached into his vest pocket and
produced a long gray key. He fitted it into the lock, swinging
open the cell door with a flourish.
"Your Highness, if you would come with me."
Victor Wednesday continued to walk back and forth,
ignoring Holmes's action. When he did stop, he didn't look
at Sherlock Holmes, or even the open cell door, but stared
at the painting.
"Is this real or but another of these endless nightmares
given form?" he whispered.
"Oh, very real, Your Highness, very real. The only
nightmare invoked this night will be for those who locked
you away," said Holmes.
"Good," he said.
For the first time, Victor Wednesday seemed to pass
away and Prince Albert Victor took his place. As he
headed for the door he casually said, "It would please us
greatly if you would accompany us on our journey, Dr.
Morstan."
The thought of Mary in the hands of Holmes and this
man who was Jack the Ripper was more than I could stand.
Without a thought as to consequences, I charged at
Holmes, screaming at the top of my lungs. Unfortunately, I
did not get close enough to my old friend's double because
a mountain stepped between us. Moran grabbed me by the
lapels and slammed me hard against the cell bars.

The last thing that I recall before I blacked out was
Mary calling my name.
It was at least several eternities before the darkness
opened up for me. I struggled to say something, but lost the
words echoing through the pounding in my head, which
could very easily have been the Changing of the Guard at
Buckingham Palace. I tried to rise up, but a wave of
dizziness sent me rolling back onto the floor.
"Easy, Doctor. Besides having the wind knocked out
of you, you slammed your head solidly into those bars. You
don't appear to have a concussion, but I think you should
just lie still for a moment, until your head clears," said
Moriarty.
We were in the Prince's cell; that much was quickly
obvious. I didn't have to ask to know that the door was
securely locked.
"How long was I unconscious?"
"Ten minutes, no more."
Seemingly satisfied as to my condition, Moriarty turned
away from me to examine the cell door.
"I really don't mean to belabor the obvious," I said. "But
if we don't get out of here Mary may well become the sixth
victim of Jack the Ripper."
"Eighth. There were two that the public never found out
about. However, I think you may well be right," he said. Just
then the door swung open. He turned to me and displayed

a thin wire he reattached to his pocket watch chain.
"Shall we, Doctor?"
Before I could get to my feet, Moriarty crossed to the
wall and reached into a trash container near a guard post.
He rummaged around for a moment and then produced the
army service revolver that Murray had given me the night
before.
"Moran searched us both for weapons after knocking
you out. While he found your gun, his ego wouldn't let him
keep a common army issue weapon. I doubt he expected
us to be putting it to use quite this quickly." Moriarty passed
the gun to me.
The main entrance hall of Druid's Hill was almost
empty. I could hear a grandfather clock chiming ten o'clock.
"They're probably making for the carriage house," said
Moriarty.
I was already a dozen steps ahead of him toward the
door. Unfortunately, we were not fast enough. I had barely
cleared the doorway before an open carriage came ripping
past the front of the house, horses at full gallop. Whoever
had the reins, and it looked to be Moran, was struggling to
keep control while defending himself from an attacker who
seemed to be trying to push him out of the carriage. It
looked like the Prince.
"We'll never catch them," yelled the professor. "Shoot,
Watson, shoot!"
I fired three times.

Whatever control Moran had was lost when the
animals began to charge headlong into the sharp curve of
the drive. The carriage whipped sharply from one side to
the other several times before tilting too far in one direction
and sending its passengers and the frightened horses
sprawling across the grass.
I found Mary a few feet from the wreckage. She tried to
rise up on one arm to free herself from the bushes that had
cushioned her fall. However, the moment she leaned any
weight on her arm, her face contorted in pain.
"I can't be sure," she said. "But I think it may be
broken."
It was a clean break, thankfully. Her only other injuries
appeared to be cuts and bruises.
"A fair enough trade for my life," she smiled.
We found Moran sprawled on the ground unconscious.
The Prince was dead; we found him beneath the overturned
wagon, his neck broken. Death had been almost
instantaneous.
I did not envy Moriarty the task ahead of him; informing
a father and grandfather that the fiction they had invented
many years before had now become fact.
"What happened in the carriage to make the Prince
attack Moran?" Moriarty asked Mary.
"I can't be sure. Moran said something to the Prince
just as we left the barn; he screamed bloody murder and
went for Moran's throat. I'm just glad that Moran said

whatever he said," Mary replied.
"Whatever the reason, it looks like Jack the Ripper
probably saved your life," observed Moriarty.
That was when it occurred to me that I had seen no
sign of Holmes since the carriage had overturned.
"His footprints lead off away from the asylum," said
Moriarty. "There was some blood, but I lost the trail about a
quarter of a mile to the east. I have no doubt that we will be
hearing from Mr. Sherlock Holmes again."
"The train is late," I said, snapping the cover on my
watch closed. Mary reached out, took my hand and smiled.
Her left arm hung in a sling, a reminder of our encounter
with the other Holmes.
All right, I admit that I was more than a bit nervous.
Frankly, considering what had happened to me over the
last few days, I would say that I had every right to be.
This wasn't Victoria Station by any means, but, rather,
a country train depot. In fact, it could have been a waiting
room in any depot from Liverpool to Glasgow. There were a
few people lingering around the waiting area. Professor
Moriarty sat with a notebook on his lap, eyes half closed,
every so often jotting down a few words or numerical
notations. Occasionally I heard the now familiar sounds of
the small metal balls clicking together as he rolled them
across his palm.
Mary and I had talked for some time, but in the last few

minutes both of us had lapsed into a silence, broken only by
an occasional reassuring smile.
"I believe that the train is arriving," Mary said.
The familiar sounds of a steam locomotive filled the
station. From the west I could see its lights, hear the metal
on metal sound of its brakes, and moments later watch the
steam cloud cut across the platform as it slid to a stop.
Moriarty extracted his watch from a vest pocket. "Nine
and a half minutes late; mathematically insignificant,
especially considering the distance that it had to travel."
A number of people emerged from the train. Most went
right to the baggage compartment, while a few lingered
around, looking slightly confused. A familiar figure in frock
coat and top hat, carrying a walking cane, cut his way
through the crowd.
"Holmes, over here," I called out.
I must confess that until that moment I had harbored the
slightest fear that all of my memories of the other world had
been one long dream.
"Watson, old fellow. It is good to see you." Holmes
said grasping my hand. "I have had the most remarkable
journey and have seen things that even surprised me."
"They must have been a remarkable sight, then," I
said.
"They were. I am sure the return journey will present
even more astounding sights," he said.
I glanced at Mary. Her eyes had that remarkable

wisdom that I had always looked to for strength and
support.
"Holmes, where are my manners," I said "Let me
introduce you to—"
"It is my pleasure, Dr. Morstan."
"I am honored, Mr. Holmes. You seem as remarkable
as John has described you. Since John has explained how
you both came to know my other self, I would be most
interested in how you reasoned that I am a doctor."
Holmes flashed a familiar grin. "Simplicity in itself. A
number of signs gave your profession away. I shall mention
only two: the slight stain of silver nitrate on your uninjured
hand, plus I noticed the ear piece of a stethoscope
protruding from your sleeve. Since I see Watson is still
carrying his in his hat, I reasoned that it most likely
belonged to another doctor, you in this case," he said.
"Remarkable!" Mary laughed.
"Elementary," said Holmes. "Wouldn't you agree,
Professor?"
"Indeed I would, Holmes. I note you did not fail to make
use of the station's wall mirror to note my approach."
"A simple precaution, given our history. One I'm sure
you would have taken had the positions been reversed."
"Indeed, you prove once again why your doppelganger
has proved so elusive for these many years," chuckled
Moriarty. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sherlock
Holmes,"

"The pleasure is mine, Professor Moriarty," Holmes
said.
I then saw something I never in my life had expected to
see: Sherlock Holmes shaking hands with Professor
Moriarty.
"The note that you sent was fascinating in its
implications," said Holmes.
"You had no trouble with the formulas that I
suggested?"
"None. It was simply a matter of reorienting one's
perceptions of the world around us to direct the train to this
particular station and your world," said Holmes. "I doubt the
other passengers ever noticed the difference."
"Then there should be no problem in allowing you and
Watson to return, by the next train, to your world." Moriarty
pulled a time table from his pocket. "Which should depart in
just a bit over ten minutes, if this schedule is correct."
It was time. I squeezed Mary's hand once more before
speaking. "Unfortunately, I will not be returning with
Holmes."
"Indeed. And would I be wrong in assuming that at
least part of your reason for remaining is Dr. Morstan?"
asked Holmes. I noticed he had a very large grin on his
face as he spoke.
"You would be exactly on the mark. In our world, the
path for a female physician is especially difficult. Here,
though not common, they are accepted more easily. As a

general surgeon, I can practice anywhere. Save for a few
distant cousins, I have no family left. Beyond yourself and a
few other friends, none will miss me. The Professor has
offered to help establish my credentials in this world," I
said.
"There is then marriage in the offing?" asked Moriarty.
"Perhaps," I said.
They both knew there was, as did Mary and I. True, I
had not formally proposed, but that was a matter I fully
intended to correct very soon. "For now, we are definitely
going into medical partnership."
"Well, Professor, it seems a good thing that I did not
accept your wager," said Holmes.
"Wager?" I asked.
At that moment both Holmes and Moriarty had the
same sort of twinkle in their eyes.
"Oh yes, did I forget to mention the wager that the
Professor offered me? It seems that he appended a note to
his missive containing the formulas for traveling here. He
suggested that you might have decided to remain here,
even offered to bet me ten pounds that you would.
"I did not accept that wager because, though you have
been steady as a river throughout our friendship, you have
at times surprised even me. From the things told me I had
the feeling that this might just be one of those times." A
porter appeared carrying two large carpetbags. "I also took
the precaution of bringing some of your things I thought you

might wish to retain in your new home."
"My thanks. Will my disappearance cause you any
problems?"
"None that cannot be handled. I think with the aid of
your friend, Dr. Doyle, we should be able to maintain the
fiction that you are still writing your chronicles of my minor
adventures."
Doyle was a good man, a decent physician and an
excellent writer of historical tales. He had recommended
me to the editors of the Strand Magazine when I had first
begun to seek publication for my work. Doyle's only
problem was he had an annoying habit of forgetting my
name and calling me James.
"Then this is good-bye?"
"Let us simply say Auf Wiedersehen, Watson. I would
not rule out the possibility that we will see each other
again."
I watched as Holmes strode across the platform. He
had only just stepped inside one of the first-class
compartments when I noticed a conductor, with a worried
expression on his face, approaching him.
As the train pulled away I saw Holmes nod and follow
the man deep into the train.
"Do you think that there is a problem on the train,
John?" Mary asked.
"Problems always seem to find their way to Holmes.
Perhaps this one will not be without points of interest for

him."
"Then, for Mr. Holmes, it appears that the game is
once more afoot," she said.

A Scandal in Montreal
by Edward D. Hoch
Edward D. Hoch's work has been named a winner of
both the Edgar Award and the Anthony Award, and he
was named a Grand Master by the Mystery Writers of
America. He was known for his prodigious short story
output, which, at the time of his death in 2008,
numbered more than 900, many of which chronicled
the adventures of Dr. Sam Hawthorne, Captain
Leopold, or Nick Velvet. In addition to this story, which
appeared in one of Ellery Queen's Mystery
Magazine's annual Sherlock Holmes tribute issues, he
has also written about a dozen other Holmes stories.
Once readers fall in love with a character, they can't
help wanting to know what happens to that character
next. Conan Doyle twice attempted to retire Sherlock
Holmes, once, dramatically, at Reichenbach Falls, and
then again in a more sedate fashion, when he
imagined Holmes easing into a well-deserved
retirement as a beekeeper in Sussex. Readers
famously rebelled against the first retirement, and
many still aren't satisfied with the second. Could a man
as single-minded and dynamic as Sherlock Holmes

ever really retire? Surely a case must come his way
every now and then. And what about Irene Adler, the
woman who outwitted Holmes, the only woman he
regards as his equal, the woman, as he calls her.
Surely their paths must cross again. What happens
next? We always want to know. In this next tale we see
some familiar characters many years later, when
they're older and their troubles are those particular to
the more mature crowd—errant offspring, nostalgia,
regret. It's always strange when you haven't seen
someone in many years and then you meet them
again. Sometimes you've both changed completely,
and other times you find that you're both just the same
as you've always been.

1. The Crime
My old companion Sherlock Holmes had been in
retirement for some years when I had reason to visit him at
his little Sussex villa with its breathtaking view of the
English Channel. It was August of 1911 and the air was so
still I could make out a familiar humming. "Are the bees
enough to keep you busy?" I asked as we settled down at a
little table in his garden.
"More than enough, Watson," he assured me, pouring
us a little wine. "And it is peaceful here. I see you have
walked from the station."

"How so, Holmes?"
"You know my methods. Your face is red from the sun,
and there is dust from the road on your shoes."
"You never change," I marveled. "Are you alone here or
do you see your neighbors?"
"As little as possible. They are some distance away,
but I know they look out their windows each morning for
signs of a German invasion. I fear they have been taking
Erskine Childers too seriously."
It was eight years since publication of The Riddle of
the Sands, but people still read it. "Do you fear war, too?"
"Not for a few years. Then we shall see what happens.
But tell me what brings you here on a lovely summer's day.
It has been some time since you spent a weekend with
me."
"A telegram was sent to you at our old Baker Street
lodgings, all the way from Canada. Mrs. Hudson couldn't
find your address, so she brought it to me."
"How is she these days?"
"Infirm, but in good spirits."
"I have a housekeeper here who tends to my needs.
But she is off today. If you wish to stay for dinner I can offer
you only a slice of beef and bread."
"There is no need, Holmes. I came only to deliver this
telegram."
"Which could have been delivered more easily by the

postal service."
"It seemed important," I told him, "and I have little
enough to do in my own retirement. Not even bees!"
"Well then, let us see about this urgent message."
He opened the envelope and we read it together. "Mr.
Sherlock Holmes, 221B Baker Street, London. Dear Mr.
Holmes, Excuse intrusion on your time, but am in urgent
need of help. My son Ralph Norton gone from McGill
University. Police suspect him of murder. Please come! I
beg you!" It was signed simply, Irene.
"What is this, Holmes?" I asked. "Do you know the
meaning of it?"
"All too well," he answered with a sigh.
"What Irene is this? Certainly not Irene Adler. She has
been dead some twenty years."
"She was reported to have died, but I always doubted
it. Irene was born in New Jersey, and after her marriage
here to Godfrey Norton I suspected they might have fled to
America to escape questions about the Bohemian affair. If
this is truly from her, she would be fifty-three now, four years
younger than me and not an old woman by any means. She
might well have a son of university age."
"But what can you do from here, Holmes?"
"From here, nothing." He pondered the problem for
several minutes, staring at her address at the bottom of the
telegram. "I must respond to her at once," he decided.
"This telegram was sent four days ago, on the twelfth."

"What will you tell her?"
"She begs my help, Watson. How can I refuse her?"
"You mean you would travel to Canada?" I asked in
astonishment.
"I would, and I shall be immensely grateful if you are
able to accompany me."
Within a week's time we were at sea, approaching the
mouth of the St. Lawrence River. I wondered how Holmes
ever persuaded me to accompany him on such a lengthy
journey, and yet I knew the answer. I had to be present
when he met Irene Adler one more time. I had to see her for
myself, after all these years.
Our ship docked at one of the quays adjacent to the
center of Montreal and we took a carriage to our hotel. I
was surprised at the number of motor cars in the streets,
and astounded at the sumptuous mansions in the city's
center—the sort of homes that would be far removed from
London back home. Our driver informed us that these were
the homes of the city's financial and industrial magnates, an
area known as the Golden Square Mile.
We checked into a small hotel across the street from
the site of a new Ritz-Carlton Hotel under construction. It
was on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest, close to the university, and
after a telephone call to her Irene said she would join us at
the hotel. I could see that Holmes was a bit fidgety at the
prospect of the meeting. "I trust I will be able to help the

woman with her problem," he confided. "I have never
forgotten her, over all these years."
Presently the desk clerk telephoned to say that Mrs.
Irene Norton was downstairs. Holmes and I went down to
find her waiting in a secluded corner of the lobby, seated
alone on a sofa wearing a long skirt and flowered blouse
and hat. I recognized her at once from the photograph
Holmes kept of her. She was still as slim and dainty as she
had been on the opera stage, with a face as lovely as ever.
Only a few gray hairs hinted at the passing years. "Good
day, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," she said by way of greeting,
almost duplicating her words when once she had followed
him disguised as a boy. "And Dr. Watson. I must say, both
of you have changed very little since our London days."
"You are most kind, madam," Holmes said with a little
bow. "I am sorry we cannot be meeting under more
pleasant circumstances."
She bid us be seated with her on the sofa. "These
have been terrible weeks for me. I was at my wit's end
when I telegraphed you, not even knowing if you were still
available as a private consultant."
"I am retired," he told her, "but always available if you
need me."
She smiled slightly. "I am honored that you should
travel across an ocean for me."
"Have you lived in Montreal long?"
She nodded. "After our wedding, Godfrey felt we

should leave England. Following a brief time on the
Continent, he established quite a successful law practice
here and we had a wonderful son, Ralph."
"I remember Godfrey as a remarkably handsome
man," Holmes said.
"Sadly, he passed away three years ago. If he was
with me now, perhaps I would not have summoned you
across an ocean."
"But what of your son? In the telegram you said he had
disappeared following a murder."
"That is so. I must tell you the entire story from the
beginning. I believe it was his father's death that set Ralph
off. He was never the same after that. He took to carousing
at night and neglecting his schoolwork."
"What is his age?"
"He is nineteen, about to enter his second year at
McGill. He met a young woman during his first year, a pretty
red-haired classmate named Monica Starr. She seemed
like a nice girl and I had no objection to their friendship. I
thought it might get him back on track. But this summer he
discovered there was a rival for her affections, a German
student named Franz Faber who was entering his final year
at McGill. I know the two boys had a fight, and Ralph came
home a few weeks ago with a bloody nose. But it wasn't
anything more than that. Ralph couldn't have—" Her voice
broke then.
"What happened, Irene?" Holmes asked her softly.

"Two weeks ago, on a Thursday night, Franz Faber
was stabbed to death outside a pub frequented by McGill
students. It has caused a great scandal here. Things like
this don't happen at McGill."
"The university was in session during August?"
"They offer some summer courses each year.
Apparently Faber was taking a language course. He was a
German student with only a basic knowledge of English and
French. My son was seen in the pub earlier and the police
came to our house to question him. He'd come home about
an hour before they arrived and went to his room without
speaking to me."
"Was that unusual?"
"He's been moody lately. I thought nothing of it, but
when I went to his room to summon him for the police, he
wasn't there. Apparently he'd gone out the back door. The
next morning I discovered that Monica Starr was missing
too. The police are convinced he killed Faber, but I can't
believe it. He was moody, yes, just like his father, but he'd
never kill anyone."
Holmes tried to calm her. "I will do whatever I can for
you, Irene. You must know that. Tell me, is there any place
in the city or near here where they might have gone?"
"I'm not even convinced they're together."
"I think we can assume they are, whether or not he
committed the crime. Was he friendly with any of his
professors or instructors at McGill?"

She considered that for a moment. "There's Professor
Stephen Leacock. He's a lecturer at McGill and he's
published some economics books along with collections of
humorous stories. Ralph was quite friendly with him."
"What about fellow students?"
"Only Monica, so far as I know."
"I'll speak to Leacock," Holmes said. "What about
you? Are you still singing?"
She gave him a wan smile. "Very little, occasionally in
local productions."
"That's too bad, Irene. You have a lovely voice."
"Find him for me, Mr. Holmes," she said. "You're the
only one who can help me now."
"I'll do everything possible."
We walked the short distance to the university, a
series of stone buildings reached by a tree-lined
carriageway from the street. A monument to James McGill,
whose legacy helped found the institution ninety years
earlier, stood in front of the central pavilion. Only a few
students and faculty members were about, preparing for the
upcoming autumn term. We asked directions to Professor
Leacock's office and were directed to the political economy
department in an adjoining building. Holmes led the way,
moving with an intensity that surprised me.
"We have no time to lose, Watson. If the young man
has indeed fled the scene it is important that we find him

and convince him to return for his own good."
"Do you believe him to be guilty, Holmes?"
"It is much too soon to form an opinion."
When we located Leacock's tiny office, it was
occupied by a slender young man who introduced himself
as Rob Gentry. He'd been studying a map on the
professor's desk and he told us, "Professor Leacock is out
right now, but he should be returning shortly. There's an
election coming up, you know. Please take a seat,
gentlemen."
"Is he active in politics?" Holmes asked.
"Very much so, on the Conservative side. He's
campaigning against our Liberal prime minister."
Almost at once a handsome broad-shouldered man
with a thick moustache appeared in the doorway. "What's
this? Visitors? We will need an additional chair, Rob."
"Yes sir."
"I am Professor Leacock," he said, extending his
hand. I guessed him to be in his early forties, with just a hint
of gray in his hair. "What can I do for you?"
"We have traveled here from London. This is my
companion, Dr. Watson, and I am Mr. Holmes."
"Holmes? Holmes?" Leacock seemed astounded.
"Surely not the great Mr. Sherlock Holmes!"
"The same," I replied, speaking for Holmes.
"I have published some humorous pieces about your
great detective work, Mr. Holmes. At least I trust you will

find them humorous."
Holmes ignored his words. "We have come on an
urgent matter, Professor Leacock. Irene Norton has asked
my help in finding her son, Ralph, who is suspected of
murder."
Leacock seemed to pale at his words. "A terrible
tragedy," he murmured.
"His mother says you were a friend of his."
"I still am. This entire business is beyond my
comprehension." He shifted some papers on his desk.
"If you know his whereabouts, it would be best for the
lad if we found him before the police."
"I know nothing," he insisted.
"Perhaps, but your assistant was studying a map on
your desk when we entered, and now you have covered it
up."
Leacock was silent for a moment, perhaps weighing
his choices. Finally he said, "You are quite the detective,
Mr. Holmes. Yes, I know where the boy is."

2. The Chase
Professor Leacock explained that he did his writing
during summer vacations at a family cottage north of Lake
Simcoe in the town of Orillia. It was some distance away
from Montreal, actually north of Toronto. "It's on Old Brewery

Bay on Lake Couchiching, but that's really an extension of
Lake Simcoe."
"How do you get there?" Holmes asked.
"By train. The Canadian National Railway runs a line
from Toronto through Orillia. It passes quite close to my
cottage. I came back here with my family in early August as
I always do, to prepare for the new term. It was just a few
days before Franz Faber was killed."
"Did you know Faber?"
"Not personally. Rob here knew him."
Gentry nodded. "I used to see him in the pub on
weekends. If he was between girlfriends we might have a
few beers together."
Holmes looked thoughtful. "Did you see him the night
he was stabbed?"
He shook his head. "I was at a picnic with some
friends."
Holmes turned back to Leacock. "You said you know
where young Norton is."
"He came to see me just after I returned to Montreal
with my family. He wanted to get away for a few weeks, until
the new term began. He wondered if I might know a place
where he could go."
"And you suggested your cottage in Orillia?"
"I did."
"When was this?"

He consulted his desk calendar. "It would have been
Wednesday, the ninth."
"Was he accompanied by the missing young woman,
Monica Starr?"
"So far as I knew he went alone."
"And is still there now?"
"I believe so, yes. He planned to return the second
week in September."
"Do you have a telephone at the cottage?"
"No. I like to spend the summers there with my wife
and son, without needless interruptions."
"Then tell me how to get there by train."
"It is a full day's journey from here, well over three
hundred miles."
"Watson and I are used to riding trains in England."
Leacock smiled. "I am British myself, you know. My
parents migrated to Canada when I was seven and I
decided to go with them."
"A wise decision," Holmes said with a smile. "Now
about your cottage—"
"I don't know what is happening with Ralph, but I seem
to be responsible in part, since I allowed him to use my
place. If you insist on going, I will journey with you. I don't
want two strangers accosting him by surprise."
I sensed something unspoken, as if he feared Irene's
son was indeed capable of violence. "Very well," Holmes

agreed. "Let us take the first available train."
Professor Leacock turned to his assistant. "Can you
handle things here for a few days, Rob?"
"Certainly, sir."
Leacock telephoned his wife to tell her of our plans.
Then he said to Holmes, "There is an early-morning train
tomorrow. We can be at the cottage before nightfall."
"Very well."
"Windsor Station is several blocks south of here. Go
down Rue Peel, past Dominion Square, and it will be on
your right. You can't miss it. I will meet you there at eight in
the morning." As we were leaving he thrust a book of his
writings into my hand. "Please read this tonight, Dr.
Watson, especially my little story 'Maddened by Mystery.' I
trust you and Mr. Holmes will find it all in good fun."
Once outside, Holmes stared up at the sky. "An odd
sort of chap, but friendly enough. Before we travel to the
cottage, though, I wish to speak with the local police."
Dealing with the Sûreté du Québec proved to be both
better and worse than our frequent encounters with
Scotland Yard. Better, because they tended to treat Holmes
with a bit more respect than some of their British
counterparts, but worse because it was difficult finding the
detectives investigating the murder of Franz Faber. We
finally were shown to a squad room where a detective
named Jean Leblond greeted Holmes with a degree of
respect.

"You are certainly well known to us here," he said. "Is
this your first journey to Canada, Mr. Holmes?"
"It is."
"I trust you will find our country to your liking. Now what
can I help you with?"
"I have been asked to look into the murder of a McGill
University student named Franz Faber. I believe he was
stabbed to death outside a pub a fortnight ago."
Leblond flipped through the files on his desk. "Exactly
a fortnight, on Thursday, the tenth. He lived only a few
minutes after the attack."
"Were there any witnesses?" Holmes asked.
"No."
"Then why are you attempting to arrest Ralph Norton
for this crime?"
"The two had fought over a woman. A police officer on
patrol was the first to see Faber lying in the road. He'd
been stabbed in the chest and was bleeding badly but still
alive. The officer asked who stabbed him and he said
Norton."
I could see that this dying statement had caught
Holmes by surprise. "He's sure of that?"
The detective nodded. "He said Norton. The officer
was certain. Add to that the fact that Ralph Norton fled when
we came to question him and it makes a strong
circumstantial case."
"Who was the woman they fought over?"

"Name is Monica Starr. She's disappeared too."
"Have you talked to her family?"
"They have a home up north, in Gaspe. She's been
living on campus. They know nothing about her
disappearance and claim they haven't seen her all summer.
She'd remained at the university for some extra courses."
"Something of a coincidence, all these extra summer
courses," Holmes mused. "Was Ralph Norton at the pub
that night?"
"The bartender saw him earlier, but he wasn't there
with Faber."
"Was the murder weapon recovered?"
"Not yet. We've searched the area without any luck."
When we left the Sûreté du Québec, I asked Holmes
what he thought. "It seems that Ralph is the prime suspect,"
he answered. "We should call on Irene today, before we
leave in the morning."
We called at her home, a smaller version of those
mansions we'd seen on our way to the hotel. It was obvious
that her husband's law practice had been profitable. Over
tea Holmes explained about Leacock's cottage and told
her we'd be traveling there in the morning. "You must
prepare yourself, Irene. The police evidence is strong, even
if not conclusive. If he's at the Leacock cottage, he might
not be alone."
"That girl—"
Holmes nodded. "Monica Starr. She was here all

summer with him. Something happened with the other boy,
Franz Faber. They fought once and they may have fought
again, outside the pub a fortnight ago. He spoke Ralph's
name as he was dying."
"No!" She shook her head. "I can't believe my son
would harm anyone."
"If I find him, I will have to bring him back."
She turned away, not wanting to meet his quick eyes.
"He's my only child, all that I have. You must be able to help
him somehow."
Holmes sighed and told her, "I will do whatever I can."
That evening, as we prepared to retire to our rooms, I
took the time to read the little story Stephen Leacock had
given me earlier. "Holmes!" I exclaimed before I'd finished
the first few pages. "This thing of Leacock's actually makes
sport of you and your methods. He refers to you as the
Great Detective and describes you wearing foolish
disguises as you attempt to help the prime minister and the
archbishop of Canterbury!"
"Am I mentioned by name?"
"No."
"Then I view it as a compliment if readers like you
immediately identify me as the Great Detective."
But that did little to calm my outrage. As I finished my
reading I gasped. "At the end he has you disguised as a
dog and destroyed by the dogcatchers! The man is a
scoundrel and a slanderer!"

Holmes smiled just a bit. "Or a humorist."
"Do we really want to travel with such a person?"
"I am doing it for Irene and her son, not for Leacock."
And in the morning we met him at the station as
planned. His teaching assistant, Rob Gentry, had come
with him, which was something of a surprise. "I have some
papers at the cottage," Leacock explained. "Since we'll be
there at least overnight, Rob can sort through them for me
and decide what I need to bring back here."
As it turned out, Gentry's presence was a good thing. It
gave me someone to converse with on the long journey,
and an excuse for addressing none of my remarks to the
blackguard Leacock. The journey across eastern Canada
was a picturesque one, and Leacock explained to Holmes
why he'd chosen a summer home so far removed from
Montreal. "I grew up in this area, after we came here from
England. We had a place in Egypt, not far from the south
shore of Lake Simcoe. A colorful country, especially in
summer. The winters in Montreal are often brutal."
"It is a large country," Holmes remarked.
"Indeed it is. One can travel hundreds of miles in
western Canada and see nothing but wheat fields. I believe
the Lord said, 'Let there be wheat,' and Saskatchewan was
born."
It was late afternoon when we left the train at Orillia and
took a carriage the few short blocks to Leacock's cottage.
Since there was no telephone, he'd been unable to

announce our arrival in advance. A handsome young man
with sandy hair and a few freckles was seated on the porch
as we left the carriage. He immediately put down the Rider
Haggard novel he was reading and stood up.
"Professor Leacock! What brings you here?"
"I have bad news for you, lad. Franz Faber was
murdered the night before you left Montreal. The police
want to question you about it."
At his words the screen door behind him opened and
a lovely red-haired girl in a blue shift appeared. She had a
dimple in her chin and a smile to charm any man. "Ralph
was with me all the time," she told us. "He couldn't have
killed anyone."
Holmes inserted himself into the conversation. "Would
this be the missing Miss Starr?" he asked.
"Who are you?" Norton demanded.
"Sherlock Holmes. I am an old friend of your mother,
who summoned me from England to find you."
He shook his head. "I didn't kill anyone, and I'm not
going back to see the police. We're staying right here." His
glance shifted to me. "Who is this man?"
"My associate, Dr. Watson," Holmes responded.
He studied me more closely. "A medical doctor?"
"Of course," I told him.
"And you know Rob, my assistant," Leacock said.
Ralph smiled slightly. "We see each other at the pub."

Leacock glanced around. "We only have three
bedrooms. Is there room for us all overnight?"
"Sure," Ralph conceded. "Follow me, Mr. Holmes.
We'll get everyone settled and have a bit of supper. You
must be hungry after that long train ride."
Holmes and I drew a small bedroom at the rear of the
cottage. When we were alone I asked, "Why was he so
interested that I was a doctor?"
"You must try to be more observant, Watson. We now
know why she didn't spend the summer at home with her
parents. Even wearing that large shift I could detect a bit of
a bulge. I believe Monica Starr to be at least six months
pregnant."

3. The Capture
Seeing her seated at the dinner table later that
evening, I had to agree with Holmes's diagnosis. The girl
was certainly pregnant, probably entering her third
trimester. It appeared that Ralph was planning to remain
here with her rather than return to McGill. I wondered if
Leacock and Gentry were aware of her condition. After we
ate, there was still enough light for us to walk along Old
Brewery Bay. It was a small arm of the lake, with Leacock's
house at the innermost part. I could see that Irene's son and
Monica Starr were supremely happy, even with these

unexpected guests. They played catch with a red rubber
ball, occasionally tossing it to Leacock or Gentry as well. At
one point, Ralph ran ahead and shouted to her. "North!
Catch!"
"North?" Holmes questioned after she'd caught the ball
and tossed it on to Gentry.
"I'm from up north, so naturally the guys started calling
me North Starr, or just North."
"Do you like it at McGill?"
"Sure, what's not to like? That's where I met Ralph.
We'll be getting married soon, after we break the news to
our folks."
"I wish you all the happiness you deserve," Holmes
said.
Leacock had been standing close enough to overhear
the conversation, and he commented to me, "Many a man
in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the
whole girl."
"You do not approve?" I asked, addressing him for the
first time since our journey began.
"It is not for me to say. Life, as we often learn too late,
is in the living."
As the evening wore on, I found myself forced into
further conversation with Leacock. "Did you have an
opportunity to read my little piece on the Defective
Detective, Dr. Watson?"
"I did, sir. It seems to me you could devote your talents

to more important matters."
"Ah, but you see, I would sooner have written Alice in
Wonderland than the whole of the Encyclopedia

Britannica."
I had no answer for that.
Holmes and I both slept well that night. The water was
still, and a big change from our Atlantic crossing. In the
morning, over breakfast, the talk turned serious. It was
Leacock who brought matters to a head. "You have to
come back with us, Ralph. If you don't, I must tell the police
where you are."
But it was Monica who rose to his defense. "Why do
you have to tell them? He's done nothing wrong."
Leacock turned appealingly toward Holmes, who said
quietly, "Franz Faber named Ralph as he was dying. He
told a police officer it was Norton."
"But that's impossible! I was with him all that night."
"No, you weren't, Monica," Ralph told her. "This was
Thursday, the night before we left. Remember, I had to pick
up some things from home. I was gone for over an hour."
"You couldn't kill anyone, Ralph," she said with a sigh.
"Franz might not have seen his killer. You two'd had a fight,
so your name was the one he spoke."
"He was stabbed in the chest," Holmes told her. "It's
most likely he did see his killer." Then he turned back to
Ralph. "What had you and Faber fought about?"
He gave a snort. "We fought over Monica. It felt like I

was still a kid in high school."
"Is that true?" he asked her.
"I guess so. I went out with Franz for a while and he
didn't want to give me up."
If we were to be back in Montreal that night we had to
be leaving soon. Rob Gentry had gathered up the material
Leacock wanted to bring back, but there was still no
agreement from Ralph. "I'm not going to ride all day on the
train just to tell some ignorant detective I'm innocent."
"I can stay here alone for one night," Monica told him.
"Or you can come back with him," Professor Leacock
suggested. "That might be best."
She shook her head. "No. I came here to get away
from people—"
Holmes spoke softly. "Dr. Watson could examine you if
you are concerned about your condition."
"It's not that. I just don't want to go back there."
"And neither do I," Ralph decided.
Leacock tried to reason with them. "Sooner or later the
Montreal police will learn where you are, Ralph. You'll be
arrested and taken back there in handcuffs. That's hardly
something you'd want your mother to see."
"There's no evidence that I killed him."
"You fought, and he named you as his killer," Holmes
said.
"Our fight was several days earlier. There was no

reason to renew it or stab him. Monica was coming with
me. I asked you about this cottage and you gave me the
key a full day before Faber was killed."
"You make a good case for your innocence," Holmes
agreed. "But the police want a killer and you're the only
suspect they have."
It was then that Monica Starr spoke. "They have
another," she said quietly. "I killed Franz Faber."
"Monica!" Ralph shouted. "Don't ever say that again!
Someone might believe it."
I stared at Leacock and Gentry, seeing the disbelief in
their faces. But than I glanced at Holmes and saw
something quite different, something like satisfaction. "Of
course she killed him. I've known it since last night. But I
had to hear it from her own lips."
"How could you have known?" Ralph asked. "What
happened last night?"
"You called her by a nickname, 'North.' When Franz
Faber lay dying, he reverted to his native language. The
officer asked who stabbed him and he didn't say Norton but
Norden, the German word for north. He was saying you
stabbed him, Monica. Do you want to tell us why you did
it?"
She stared down at the floor, unable to look any of us
in the eye. Finally she answered. "I love Ralph, I love him so
much. My brief time with Franz was a big mistake, but when
I became pregnant he threatened to tell Ralph the baby was

his and not Ralph's. I couldn't let him do that. I begged him
not to, but he wouldn't listen. I'd brought a knife along to
threaten him, but when he saw it he just laughed. That was
when I stabbed him."
"Monica—" It was almost a sob from Ralph Norton's
lips.
The six of us took the long train ride back to Montreal
together. Holmes telephoned Detective Leblond from a
stop along the route and he was waiting for us at the
station.
Holmes and I took a carriage to Irene Norton's home.
He insisted on giving her the news in person. "Your son will
be home soon," he told her. "He's gone to the Sûreté with
Monica Starr."
"Have you solved the case?" she wanted to know. "Is
my son innocent?"
"Innocent of all but a youthful love. Only time can cure
him of that." He told her of Monica's confession.
"And the baby?" she asked. "Who is the father?"
"We didn't ask, but it seems Faber had reason to
believe it was his. It may take Ralph some time to get over
that."
She dipped her eyes, and may have shed a tear. "A
scandal in Montreal. Who would have thought it? First me,
all those years ago in Bohemia, and now my son."
"No one is blaming you, or your son."

She lifted her head to gaze at Holmes. "How can I ever
thank you? Will you be going back now?"
He nodded. "I am retired and keep bees at my villa in
Sussex. If you are ever in the vicinity, it would be my
pleasure to show it to you."
"I'll keep that in mind," she said, and held out her hand
to him.

The Adventure of the Field
Theorems
by Vonda N. McIntyre
Vonda N. McIntyre is the author of the Hugo, Nebula,
and Locus award-winning novel Dreamsnake. She is
also the author of The Moon and the Sun (which also
won the Nebula Award) and several other novels,
including a Star Wars novel and several Star Trek
novels. Other original novels include The Starfarers
Quartet, Barbary (a book for younger readers),
Superluminal, and The Exile Waiting. Much of her
short fiction has been collected in Fireflood and Other
Stories.
Readers have a tendency to identify authors with their
characters, and this was certainly the case for Arthur
Conan Doyle. He received piles of letters from readers
asking for his help in solving actual crimes, to which he
could only throw up his hands. Not only did Conan
Doyle lack the rigorous, logical, machine-like Holmesian ability to penetrate subterfuge, but the author was
also famously gullible. He repeatedly put his reputation
on the line championing any hokey spiritualist who

waved some ectoplasm at him. (In fact, the stage
magician Houdini, who knew all the tricks of the
spiritualists and who dedicated himself to unmasking
them, displayed more Holmes-like behavior than the
author ever did.) Perhaps the most embarrassing
example of Conan Doyle's credulity was his publicizing
the case of the Cottingley fairies—amazingly, the
creator of Sherlock Holmes showed no skepticism
when some mischievous teenage girls took
photographs of themselves standing beside
cardboard-cutouts of gnomes and fairies and then
presented the images as real. This next tale shows us
this side of Conan Doyle. Of course, in the wilds of an
author's imagination, you can never be too sure what's
real and what isn't.
Holmes laughed like a Bedlam escapee.
Considerably startled by his outburst, I lowered my
Times, where I had been engrossed in an article about a
new geometrical pattern discovered in the fields of Surrey. I
had not yet decided whether to bring it to Holmes's
attention.
"What amuses you so, Holmes?"
No interesting case had challenged Holmes of late,
and I wondered, fearfully, if boredom had led him to take
up, once again, the habit of cocaine.

Holmes's laughter died, and an expression of
thoughtful distress replaced the levity. His eyes revealed
none of the languorous excitement of the drug.
"I am amused by the delusions of our species,
Watson," Holmes said. "Amusing on the surface, but, on
reflection, distressing."
I waited for his explanation.
"Can you not discern the reason for my amusement,
Watson—and my distress? I should think it perfectly
obvious."
I considered. Should he encounter an article written
particularly for its humorous content, he would pass straight
over it, finding it as useless to him as the orbits of the
planets. The description of some brutal crime surely would
not amuse him. A trace of Moriarty would raise him to
anger or plunge him into despair.
"Ah," I said, certain I had divined the truth. "You have
read an account of a crime, I beg your pardon, the
resolution of a crime, and you have seen the failings in the
analysis. But," I pointed out, somewhat disturbed by my
friend's indifference to the deeper ramifications, "that would
indicate the arrest of an innocent victim, Holmes. Surely you
should have some other reaction than laughter."
"Surely I should," Holmes said, "if that were the
explanation. It is not." He shook the paper. "Here is a
comment by Conan Doyle on Houdini's recent
performance."

"Quite impressive it was, too," I said. "Thrilling, I would
say. Did Sir Arthur find the performance compelling?"
"Conan Doyle," Holmes said with saturnine animosity,
"attributes Houdini's achievements to—" Holmes sneered
—"'mediumistic powers.'"
"His achievements do strain credulity," I said mildly.
"Pah!" Holmes said. "That is the point, Watson, the
entire and complete point! Would you pay good money to
see him fail to escape from a sealed coffin?"
"I suppose that I would not," I admitted.
"Were Houdini to tell you his methods, you would reply,
'But that is so simple! Anyone could achieve the same
effect—using your methods!'"
As Holmes often heard the same remark after
explaining his methods, I began to understand his outburst.
"I would say nothing of the sort," I said mildly. "I should
say, instead, that he had brought the technique of stage
magicianship to as near an exact science as it ever will be
brought in this world."
Holmes recognized my comment with a brief smile, for
I had often said as much to him about his practice of
detection.
"But it is true, Watson," Holmes said, serious once
more. "Anyone could achieve the same effect—were they
willing to dedicate their lives to developing the methods, to
studying the methods, to perfecting the methods! Then it is
'so simple.'"

When Holmes deigned to lead an amazed observer
through his deductive reasoning, the observer's reaction
was invariably the same: His methods were "perfectly
obvious"; anyone, including the observer, could duplicate
them with ease.
"Conan Doyle claims friendship with Houdini," Holmes
said in disgust, "and yet he insults his friend. He dismisses
Houdini's hard work and ingenuity. Despite Houdini's
denials, Conan Doyle attributes Houdini's success to the
supernatural. As if Houdini himself had very little to do with
it! What a great fool, this Conan Doyle."
"Easy on," I said. "Sir Arthur is an intelligent man, a
brave man. An inspired man! His imagination is every bit
as exalted as that of Wells! His Professor Challenger
stories compare favorably to War of the Worlds—!"
"I never read fiction," Holmes said. "A failing for which
you berate me continually. If I did read fiction, I would not
doubly waste my time with the scientific romances you find
so compelling. Nor am I interested in the mad fantasies of a
spiritualist." Holmes scowled through a dense cloud of pipe
smoke. "The man photographs fairies in his garden."
"You are too much the materialist, Holmes," I said.
"With my own eyes I saw amazing things, unbelievable
things, in Afghanistan—"
"Ancient sleight of hand. Snake charming. The rope
trick!" He laughed again, though without the hysterical
overtones of his previous outburst. "Ah, Watson, I envy you

your innocence."
I was about to object to his implications when he
stayed my comment by holding up one hand.
"Mrs Hudson—"
"—with our tea," I said. "Hardly deserves the word
'deduction,' as her footsteps are plainly audible, and it is,
after all, tea-time—"
"—to announce a client."
Mrs Hudson, our landlady, knocked and opened the
door. "Gentleman to see you, Mr Holmes," she said. "Shall I
set an extra cup?"
The figure of a man loomed behind her in the
shadows.
"Thank you, Mrs Hudson," Holmes said. "That would
be most kind."
Mrs Hudson placed a calling card on the tray by the
doorway. Holmes rose to his feet, but did not trouble to
read the card. As our visitor entered I rose as well, and
made to greet him, but Holmes spoke first.
"I observe, Dr Conan Doyle," Holmes said coolly, "that
you were called abruptly into the fields, and have spent the
morning investigating the mystery of the damaged crops.
Investigating without success, I might add. Has a new field
theorem appeared?"
Conan Doyle laughed heartily, his voice booming from
his powerful chest.
"So you've introduced me already, John!" he said to

me. "You were looking out the window when my carriage
arrived, I've no doubt." He smiled at Holmes. "Not such a
clever deduction, Mr Holmes." He wrinkled his noble brow
and said to me, "But how did you know I've just come to
town, and how did you know of my involvement with the field
theorems?"
"I'm afraid I had no idea you were our visitor, Sir
Arthur," I said. "I did not even know we had a visitor until
Holmes surmised your approach."
Sir Arthur chuckled. "I understand," he said. "Bad
manners, revealing the tricks of the trade. Even those as
simple as prior knowledge."
Holmes concealed his annoyance; I doubt anyone who
knew him less well than I would have noticed it. He gazed
steadily at Sir Arthur. We seldom had visitors taller than
Holmes, but Sir Arthur Conan Doyle exceeds six feet by
four inches. Unlike my friend Holmes, who remained
slender, indeed gaunt, even during his occasional periods
of slothful depression, Sir Arthur dominated the room with
his hearty presence.
" Ho w did you know about our visitor, Holmes?" I
asked, trying to salvage the introductions.
"I heard Sir Arthur's carriage arrive," he said
dismissively, "as you would have done had you been
paying attention."
Though somewhat put off by his attitude, I continued.
"And Sir Arthur's outing? His identity?"

"My face is hardly unknown," Sir Arthur said. "Why, my
likeness was in the Times only last week, accompanying a
review—"
"I never read the literary section of the Times," Holmes
said. "As Watson will attest." He pointed the stem of his
pipe at Sir Arthur's pants cuffs. "You are a fastidious man,
Sir Arthur. You dress well, and carefully. Your shave this
morning was leisurely and complete. Your moustache is
freshly trimmed. Had you planned your excursion, you would
surely have worn suitable clothing. Therefore, your
presence was required on short notice. You have wiped the
mud of the fields from your boots, but you have left a smear
on the polish. You have confronted a puzzle that has
distracted you from your customary appearance, which I
can easily see—anyone could easily see!—is impeccable.
As to the nature of the puzzle, unripe seed-heads of
Triticum aestivum have attached themselves to your
trousers cuffs. I am in no doubt that you investigated the
vandalism plaguing fields in Surrey."
"Amazing," Conan Doyle whispered, his ruddy face
paling. "Absolutely amazing."
I could see that Holmes was both pleased by Conan
Doyle's reaction, and surprised that Sir Arthur did not laugh
again and announce that his methods were simplicity itself.
Holmes finished his recitation. "That you have failed to
solve the mystery is self-evident—else why come to me?"
Sir Arthur staggered. Leaping forward to support him, I

helped him to a chair. I was astonished to perceive any
weakness in a man of his constitution. He was quite in
shock. Fortunately, Mrs Hudson chose that moment to
arrive with the tea. A good hot cup, fortified with brandy
from the sideboard, revived Sir Arthur considerably.
"I do apologize," he said. "I've spent the morning in the
presence of strangeness beyond any I've ever before
witnessed. As you divined, Mr Holmes, the experience has
distracted me. To perceive your supernatural talents so
soon thereafter—!"
He took a deep draught of his tea. I refilled his cup,
including rather more brandy. Sir Arthur sipped his tea, and
let warm, pungent steam rise around his face. His colour
improved.
"'Supernatural'?" Holmes mused. "Well-honed,
certainly. Extraordinary, even. But not in the least
supernatural."
Sir Arthur replied. "If John did not tell you who I am, and
you did not recognize my face, then you could only have
discovered my name by—reading my mind!"
"I read your name," Holmes said dryly, "from the head
of your walking-stick, where it is quite clearly engraved."
Since the end of spring, the newspapers had been full
of articles about mysterious damage to growing crops.
Wheat stalks were crushed in great circles intersected by
lines and angles, as if a cyclone had touched down to give

mere humans a lesson in celestial geometry. Though the
phenomena were often accompanied by strange lights in
the sky, the weather was invariably fair. If the lights were
lightning, it was lightning unaccompanied by thunder! No
wind or rain occurred to cause any damage, much less
damage in perfect geometrical form.
Many suggestions had been put forth as to the cause
of the unexplained diagrams, from hailstorms to
electromagnetic disturbances, but blame had not yet been
fixed. The patterns were the mystery of the year; the press,
in a misinterpretation of modern physics in general and the
theory of Maxwell in particular, had taken to calling the
devices "field theorems."
Holmes had clipped and filed the articles, and
painstakingly redrawn the figures. He suspected that if the
patterns were the consequence of a natural force, some
common element could be derived from a comparison of
the designs.
One morning, I had come into the sitting-room to find
him surrounded by crumpled paper. The acrid bite of
smoke thickened the air, and the Persian slipper in which
Holmes kept his shag lay overturned on the mantel among
the last few scattered shreds of tobacco.
"I have it, Watson!" Holmes had waved a drawing,
annotated in his hand. "I believe this to be the basic pattern,
from which all other field theorems are derived!"
His brother, Mycroft, speedily dismantled his proof,

and took him to task for failing to complete several lemmas
associated with the problem. Holmes, chagrined to have
made such an elementary (to Holmes), and
uncharacteristic, mistake, appeared to lose interest in the
field theorems. But it was clear from his comments to Sir
Arthur that they had never completely vanished from his
attention.
After packing quickly, Holmes and I accompanied Sir
Arthur to the station, where we boarded the train to
Undershaw, his estate in Hindhead, Surrey.
"Tell me, Sir Arthur," Holmes said, as our train moved
swiftly across the green and gold late-summer countryside,
"how came you to be involved in this investigation?"
I wondered if Holmes were put out. The mystery had
begun in early summer. Here it was nearly harvest-time
before anyone called for the world's only consulting
detective.
"It is my tenants who have been most troubled by the
phenomena," said Sir Arthur, recovered from his earlier
shock. "Fascinating as the field theorems may be, they do
damage the crops. And I feel responsible for what has
happened. I cannot have my tenants lose their livelihoods
because of my actions."
"So you feel the vandalism is directed at you," said I.
Sir Arthur had involved himself in several criminal cases,
generally on the side of a suspect he felt to be innocent. His

efforts differed from those of Holmes in that Holmes never
ended his cases with ill-advised legal wrangles. No doubt
one of Sir Arthur's less grateful supplicants was venting his
rage against some imagined slight.
"Vandalism?" Sir Arthur said. "No, this is far more
important, more complex, than vandalism. It's obvious that
someone is trying to contact me from the other side."
"The other side?" I asked. "Of Surrey? Surely it would
be easier to use the post."
Sir Arthur leaned toward me, serious and intense. "Not
the other side of the country. The other side of . . . life and
death."
Holmes barked with laughter. I sighed quietly.
Intelligent and accomplished as my friend is, he
occasionally overlooks proprieties. Holmes will always
choose truth over politeness.
"You believe," Holmes said to Sir Arthur, "that a
seance brought about these field theorems? The crushed
crops are the country equivalent of ectoplasm and levitating
silver trumpets?"
The scorn in Holmes's voice was plain, but Sir Arthur
replied calmly. He has, of course, faced disbelief
innumerable times since his conversion to spiritualism.
"Exactly so," he said, his eyes shining with hope. "Our
loved ones on the other side desire to communicate with
us. What better way to attract our attention than to offer us
knowledge beyond our reach? Knowledge that cannot be

confined within an ordinary seance cabinet? We might
commune with the genius of Newton!"
"I did not realize," Holmes said, "that your family has a
connection to that of Sir Isaac Newton."
"I did not intend to claim such a connection," Sir Arthur
said, drawing himself stiffly upright. Holmes could make
light of his spiritual beliefs, of his perceptions, but an insult
to the familial dignity fell beyond the pale.
"Of course not!" I said hurriedly. "No one could
imagine that you did."
I hoped that, for once, Holmes would not comment on
the contradiction inherent in my statement.
Holmes gazed with hooded eyes at Sir Arthur, and
held his silence.
"It's well known that entities from diverse places and
times—not only relatives—communicate from the other
side," I said. "How extraordinary it would be, were Isaac
Newton to return, after nearly two centuries of pure thought!"
"'Extraordinary,'" Holmes muttered, "would hardly be
the word for it." He fastened his gaze upon Sir Arthur. "Dr
Conan Doyle," he said, "if you believe spirits are the cause
of this odd phenomenon—why did you engage me to
investigate?"
"Because, Mr Holmes, if you cannot lay the cause to
any worldly agent, then the only possible explanation is a
spiritual one. 'When you have eliminated the impossible,
whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth'!

You will help me prove my case."
"I see," Holmes said. "You have engaged me to
eliminate causes more impossible than the visitations of
spirits. You have engaged me . . . to fail."
"I would not have put it so," Sir Arthur said.
The trip continued in rather strained silence. Sir Arthur
fell into a restless doze. Holmes stared at the passing
landscape, his long limbs taut with unspent energy. After an
eternity, we reached the Hindhead station. I roused Sir
Arthur, who awoke with a great gasp of breath.
"Ma'am!" he cried, then came to himself and
apologized most sincerely. "I was dreaming," he said. "My
dear, late mother came to me. She encourages us to
proceed!"
Holmes made no reply.
Sir Arthur's carriage, drawn by a pair of fine bays,
awaited us.
"The automobile can't be started, sir," the driver said.
"We've sent to London for the mechanic."
"Very well, James," Sir Arthur said. He shook his head
as we climbed into the carriage. "The motor was quite
astonishingly reliable when first I bought it. But recently it
has broken down more often than it has run."
The comment drew Holmes's attention. "When, exactly,
did it begin to fail?"
"Eight weeks past," Sir Arthur said.
"At the same time the field theorems began to

appear," Holmes said thoughtfully.
Sir Arthur chuckled. "Why, Mr Holmes, surely you don't
believe the spirits would try to communicate by breaking my
autocar!"
"No, Sir Arthur, you are quite correct. I do not believe
the spirits would try to communicate by breaking your
autocar."
"Merely a coincidence."
"I do not believe in coincidences."
Holmes was anxious to inspect the field theorems as
soon as we arrived at Undershaw, but by then it was full
dark. Sir Arthur showed the strain of a long and taxing day.
He promised that we should leap out of bed before dawn
and be at his tenant's field as the first rays of the morning
sun touched the dewdrops of night.
And so we did; and so we were.
The descriptions and newspaper engravings of the
field theorems did not do justice to the magnitude of the
patterns. We stood on a hillside above the field to gain an
overview of the damage. Three wide paths, perfectly
circular and perfectly concentric, cut through the waving
stalks of grain. A tangent, two radii, and a chord decorated
the circles. I had to admit that the pattern resembled
nothing so much as the proof of some otherworldly
geometric proposition.
"The theorems appear only in wheat fields," Sir Arthur
said. "Only in our most important crop. Never in fields of

oats, nor in Indian corn."
Holmes
made
an inarticulate
sound
of
acknowledgment.
We descended the hill, and Holmes entered the field.
Sir Arthur looked after him. "John," he said to me, "will
your friend admit it, if he can find no natural explanation?"
"His allegiance is to the truth, Sir Arthur," I said. "He
does not enjoy failure—but he would fail before he would
propose a solution for which there were no proof."
"Then I have nothing to worry about." He smiled a bluff
English smile.
Holmes strode into the swath of flattened green wheat,
quartering the scene, inspecting both upright and crushed
stalks, searching the hedgerows. He muttered to himself,
laughed and snarled; the sound crossed the field like a
voice passing over the sea. He measured the path, the
width of the stalks left standing, and the angles between the
lines and curves.
The sun crept into the clear sky; the day promised
heat.
"Can you feel it?" Sir Arthur said softly. "The residual
power of the forces that worked here?" He stretched out his
hands, as if to touch an invisible wall before him.
And indeed, I felt something, though whether it was
energy spilled by unimaginable beings, or the Earth's quiet
potential on a summer's day, I could not tell.
While Sir Arthur and I waited for Holmes to finish his

search, a rough-shod man of middle years approached.
"Good morning, Robert," Conan Doyle said.
"Morning, Sir Arthur," Robert replied.
"Watson, this is one of my tenants, Robert Holder."
Robert's work clothes were shabby and sweat-stained.
I thought he might have taken more care with his
appearance, when he came to speak to his landlord.
To Robert Sir Arthur said, "Mr Holmes and Dr Watson
have come to help us with our mystery."
"Mr Holmes?" Robert exclaimed.
He glanced out into the field, where Holmes continued
to pace and stoop and murmur.
"And you're Dr Watson?" Robert's voice rose with the
shock of finding himself in the presence of celebrity. "Why,
it's a pleasure to meet you, sir," he said to me. "My whole
family, we read your recountings in the evenings. The
children learned their letters, sitting in my lap to listen to
your tales."
"Er . . . thank you," I said, somewhat nonplussed.
Though he was well-spoken for a farmer, I would not have
marked him as a great reader; and, more, I consider the
perils encountered by Holmes to be far too vivid for
impressionable young children. However, it was not my
place to correct Robert's treatment of his offspring,
particularly in front of his landlord.
"Have you found the villains?" Robert asked. "The
villains who have crushed my best wheat field!"

Holmes strode across the field and rejoined us, a
frown furrowing his brow. He appeared not even to notice
the presence of Sir Arthur's tenant.
"Useless," Holmes said. "Perfectly useless! Here, the
artist stood to sketch the scene." He flung his hand toward
a spot where white dust covered the scuffed ground. "And
there! A photographer, with his camera and flash powder.
Fully six reporters and as many policemen trampled
whatever evidence might have been left." He did not pause
to explain how he could tell the difference between the
footprints of reporters and those of policemen. "And, no
doubt, when the sightseers arrive by the next train—"
"I can easily warn them off," Sir Arthur said.
"To what purpose? The evidence is destroyed. No! I
could conjecture, but conjecture is only half the task. Proof,
now; that's a different story."
He glared out into the field as if it had deliberately
invited careless visitors to blur the story written there.
"If only," Holmes said softly, "the scene were fresh."
He turned abruptly toward Robert. He had taken the
measure of the man without appearing to observe him.
"You saw the lights," Holmes said. "Describe them to
me."
"Are you Mr Holmes?"
I blushed to admit, even to myself, that the rough
farmer had a better respect for common manners than did
my friend.

"Of course I am. The lights."
"The night was calm. A bit of fog, but no rain, no
storms. I heard a strange noise. Like a musical instrument,
but playing no melody I ever heard. And eerie . . . It put the
chills up my back. Made the baby cry. I went outdoors—"
"You were not frightened?"
"I was. Who would not be frightened? The Folk have
fled London, but they still live in the countryside, in our
hearts."
"You are a scholar and a folklorist," Holmes said
without expression.
"I know the stories my family tells. Old stories. The Folk
—"
"The faerie folk!" Sir Arthur said. "I've seen
photographs—they do exist."
"The Folk," Robert said, neither agreeing nor
disagreeing with Sir Arthur. "The ones who lived in this land
before us."
"The lights, man!" Holmes said impatiently.
"At first I saw only a glow against the fog. Then—a ring
of lights, not like candles, flickering, but steady like the
gaslights of the city. All different colours. Very beautiful."
"Foxfire," Holmes said.
"No, sir. Foxfire, you see it in the marsh. Not the field.
It's a soft light, not a bright one. These lights, they were
bright. The circle spun, and I thought—"

He hesitated.
"Go on, man!"
"You'll think I'm mad."
"If I do, I shall keep it to myself."
Robert hesitated. "I thought I saw . . . a huge solid
object, floating in the sky like a boat in the water."
"A flying steamship?" I said.
"An aeroplane," said Sir Arthur. "Though I would have
thought we'd hear of a pilot in the area."
"More like a coracle," Robert said. "Round, and solid."
"Did you hear its motor?" Holmes asked. "A droning,
perhaps, or a sound like the autocar?"
"Only the music," said Robert.
"I've never known an apparition to make a sound like a
motorcar," Sir Arthur said.
"What happened then?" said Holmes. "Where did it
go, what did it do?"
"It rose, and I saw above it the stars, and Mars bright
and red in the midst of them." Robert hesitated,
considered, continued. "Then the lights brightened even
more, and it vanished in a burst of flame. I felt the fire,
smelled the brimstone—At first I thought I was blinded!"
"And then?" Holmes said.
"My sight returned, and the fog closed around me."
"What have you left out?" Holmes asked sternly. "What
happened afterwards?"

Robert hesitated, reluctance and distress in every line
of his expression.
"The truth, man," Holmes said.
"Not
afterwards.
Before. Before the coracle
disappeared. I thought I saw . . . a flash of light, another
flash."
"From the coracle?"
"From the sky. Like a signal! White light, white, not red,
from . . . from Mars!" He drew in a deep breath. "Then the
coracle replied, and vanished."
I managed to repress my exclamation of surprise and
wonder. Holmes arched one eyebrow thoughtfully. Sir
Arthur stroked his mustache.
"Thank you for your help, Robert," Sir Arthur said as if
Robert had said nothing out of the ordinary. "And your good
observation."
"Sir Arthur," Robert said, "may I have your permission
to salvage what I can from the field? The grain can't be
threshed, but I could at least cut the stalks for hay."
"By no means!" Sir Arthur roared in alarm.
Robert stepped back, surprised and frightened.
"No, no," Sir Arthur said, calming himself with visible
effort.
"Sir—!"
I was astonished by the tone of protest in which Robert
addressed the landowner.

"It's imperative that no one enter the field!" Sir Arthur
said. "The pattern mustn't be disturbed till we understand its
meaning."
"Very well, Sir Arthur," Robert said reluctantly.
"And set little Robbie and his brothers to keeping the
sightseers out of the patterns. They may walk around the
edge, but under no circumstances may they proceed
inside."
"But, Sir Arthur, this field, every year, has paid your
rent. This field keeps the roof over my family's head! Sir
Arthur, the crop prices have been low going on two years
—"
I did not blame him for his distress, and he was
fortunate that Sir Arthur is a humane and decent gentleman.
"You'll not worry about the rent," Sir Arthur said. "I
relieve you of the obligation for this year."
On Robert's open face, gratitude and obligation
warred.
"I cannot accept that offer, Sir Arthur," he said,
"generous though it is, and grateful though I am to you for
making it. You and I, we have an agreement. I cannot take
charity."
Sir Arthur frowned, that his tenant would not accept
such a simple solution to the difficulty.
"We'll discuss this another time," Sir Arthur said. "For
the moment, keep the sightseers out of the field." His tone
brooked no disagreement.

Robert touched the bill of his ragged cap in
acquiescence. We returned to Sir Arthur's mansion, where
his gracious wife Jean, Lady Conan Doyle, presided over a
fine, if long-delayed, breakfast. After our excursion, I was
famished, but Holmes merely picked at his food. This
meant the mystery aroused him. As long as it kept his
interest, he would hold himself free of the embrace of
cocaine.
For the rest of the day, we accompanied Sir Arthur to
other fields where theorems had mysteriously appeared
over the past few weeks. They were all, according to
Holmes, sadly trampled.
We spoke to tenants who had also seen lights in the
sky, but the apparitions frightened the observers; each
gave a different description, none as coherent as Robert's.
I could not imagine what they had actually seen.
My mind kept returning to Robert's description. Cogent
though it had been, something about it nagged at my
memory. I put my unease own to the mystery of the
phenomenon.
And to my wonder. Holmes's skepticism
notwithstanding, it would be quite marvelous if we were
visited by beings from another world, whether physical or
spiritual. Naturally one would prefer friendly beings like
those Sir Arthur described, over the invading forces of Mr
Wells's scientific romances.
Holmes dutifully explored each damaged field, and

listened to the descriptions of flashing lights in the sky. But
as he was presented with nothing but old and damaged
evidence, his inspections became more and more
desultory as the afternoon wore on, his attention more and
more distracted and impatient. He also grew more and
more irritated at Sir Arthur's ruminations on spiritualism,
and nothing I could do or say could divert the conversation.
Like any true believer, Sir Arthur was relentless in his
proselytizing.
Toward the end of the afternoon, as I began to hope for
tea, we rested beneath an ancient oak near a patterned
field.
"Look," Sir Arthur said, "at how the grain has been
flattened without breaking. The stalks in the pattern are as
green as the undisturbed growth. Don't you think it odd?"
"Quite odd," I agreed.
"Not odd at all," Holmes said.
He leapt from the carriage, snatched a handful of the
crop from the edge of the field, and returned with a clump of
unbroken stems still sprouting from their original earth. He
held the roots in one hand and smashed the other against
the stems, bending them at a right angle to their original
position. Clods of dirt flew from his hand in reaction to the
force of his blow.
But the stems did not break.
"Triticum aestivum at this stage of growth is
exceedingly tough," Holmes said. "Exceedingly difficult to

break."
Holmes pulled out one stem by its roots and handed it
to me, then another for Sir Arthur. I tried to break my stem,
and indeed it took considerable force even to put a kink in
the fibrous growth. Sir Arthur bent his stem, folding it
repeatedly back and forth.
"The field theorems would be more impressive,"
Holmes said, "if the crops were broken."
"But, Mr Holmes," said Sir Arthur, "the forces we are
dealing with are mighty. A stem I cannot break would be
like a fragile dry twig, to them. Do you not think it amazing
that they can temper themselves to gentleness?"
Holmes stared at him in disbelief. "Sir Arthur! First you
are impressed with a feat that appears to be difficult, then,
when the action proves simple, you claim yourself
impressed because it is simple! Your logic eludes me."
In Holmes's powerful hands, several stalks ripped
apart.
We returned to Undershaw. We drank Earl Grey from
delicate porcelain cups, surrounded by heavy,
disagreeable silence. Lady Conan Doyle and I tried in vain
to lighten the conversation. When Sir Arthur announced a
seance to be held that very evening, Holmes's mood did
not improve.
A loud knock on the door, followed by shouting, broke
the tension. Sir Arthur rose to attend to the commotion.
"One of your tenants to see you, Sir Arthur," the butler

said.
Robert had followed the butler from the front door; to
my astonishment he crossed the threshold of the sitting
room. Then he remembered his place and snatched his
battered cap from his head.
"There's been another field done!" he exclaimed.
"Little Robbie just discovered it, coming home to get his
brothers some bread and cheese!"
Holmes leapt to his feet, his grey mood vanishing in an
instant.
Sir Arthur called for his autocar and we hurried off to
see the new phenomenon.
The automobile, newly repaired, motored smoothly
until we turned down the final road to the new field theorem.
Suddenly it died. Robert stepped down from the running
board to crank it, but none of his efforts revived it.
Sir Arthur revealed a knowledge of colourful oaths in
several languages.
"Bushman," Holmes muttered after a particularly exotic
phrase.
I reflected that Sir Arthur must have acquired this
unusual facility during his service in the Boer War.
We walked the last half-mile to the field. The
afternoon's heat lingered even in the shade of the
hedgerows. Birds chirped and rustled the branches.
"Well, Robert," I said, "you'll have the chance to
observe Mr Holmes in action, and he can hear your story in

your own words instead of mine. Holmes, Robert is a great
enthusiast for your adventures."
"I am flattered," Holmes said, "though of course the
credit goes entirely to you, Watson, and to your craft."
We had no more opportunity to chat, for we reached
the newly patterned field. Robert's children—including Little
Robbie, who was considerably taller and larger than his
father—had arrived before us, despite our use of the
motorcar. They stood in order of descending height on the
bottom rail of the fence, exclaiming over the pattern
crushed into the field.
Sir Arthur made as if to plunge into the very center of
the new theorem, but Holmes clasped him by the shoulder.
"Stay back!" Holmes cried. "Robert! To the lane! Keep
away the spectators!"
"Very well, Mr Holmes." Robert and his children
tramped off down the path.
I marveled at the efficiency of the "bush telegraph," to
give everyone such quick notice of the new field theorem.
Holmes plunged past Sir Arthur. But instead of forging
into the field, he climbed the fence and balanced atop the
highest rail to gaze across the waving grain. He traced with
his eyes the valleys and gulches etched into the surface.
Only after some minutes, and a complete circumnavigation
of the field, did he venture into the field theorem itself.
Sir Arthur observed Holmes's method.
"You see, John?" Sir Arthur said. "Even your Mr

Holmes acknowledges the power—the danger—present
here."
"Sir Arthur," I said in the mildest tone possible, "why
should danger result, if the communication is from those
who loved you, in another life?"
"Why . . . " he said, momentarily awkward, "John, you'll
understand after the seance tonight. The other side is . . .
different."
Robert ran down the path, panting.
"I'm sorry, Mr Holmes, Sir Arthur," he said. "We kept
them away as long as we could. Constable Brown ordered
us to stand aside."
"More devotion to duty than to sense," Sir Arthur
muttered. He sighed. "I'm sure you did your best," said he
to Robert.
A group of curious people, led by Constable Brown
and minimally constrained by Robert's children,
approached between the hedgerows. Holmes was right:
Someone, somehow, had alerted the public. Sightseers
who had come to see the other field theorem now found
themselves doubly fortunate.
The constable entered the field just as Holmes left it.
The sightseers crowded up to the fence to view the new
theorem.
Holmes rejoined Sir Arthur and myself.
"I have seen what I needed," Holmes said. "It's of no
matter to me if the tourists trample the fields."

"But we must survey the theorem!" Sir Arthur said. "We
still do not know its meaning!" He ordered Robert to do his
best to prevent the sightseers from marring the designs.
"If we depart now," Holmes said, "before the constable
realizes he is baffled by the phenomenon, we will be
spared interrogation."
Dinner's being far preferable to interrogation, we took
Holmes's advice. I noticed, to my amusement, that Robert's
children had lined the spectators up. Some visitors even
offered the boys tips, or perhaps entry fees. At least the
family would not count its day an utter loss.
A photographer lowered his heavy camera from his
shoulder. He set it upon its tripod and disappeared
beneath the black shadow-cloth to focus the lenses. He
exposed a plate, setting off a great explosion of flash
powder. Smoke billowed up, bitter and sulphurous.
The journalists began to question Constable Brown,
who puffed himself up with importance and replied to their
questions. We hurried away, before the journalists should
recognize Sir Arthur—or Holmes—and further delay us.
"If the motor starts," Sir Arthur said, "we will be in time
for the seance."
For a moment I wondered if Holmes would turn volteface, return to the field, and submit to questioning by
Constable Brown and the journalists, in preference to
submitting to the seance.
To our surprise, the motorcar started without

hesitation. As Sir Arthur drove down the lane, Holmes
puzzled over something in his hands.
"What is that, Holmes?"
"Just a bit of wood, a stake," Holmes said, putting it in
his pocket. "I found it in the field."
As he was not inclined to discuss it further, we both fell
silent. I wondered if we had to contend—besides the field
theorems, the ghostly lights, and the seance—with wooden
stakes and vampyres.
"Tell me, Sir Arthur," Holmes said over the rhythmic
cough of the motor, "are any of your spirits known to live on
Mars?"
"Mars?" Sir Arthur exclaimed. "Mars! I don't believe
I've ever heard one mention it. But I don't believe I've ever
heard one asked." He turned to Holmes, his eyes bright
with anticipation. "We shall ask, this very evening! Why, that
would explain Professor Schiaparelli's 'canali,' would it
not?"
"Perhaps," Holmes said. "Though I fail to understand
what use channels would be—to dead people."
Darkness gathered as we motored down the rough
lane. Sir Arthur turned on the headlamps of the autocar, and
the beams pierced the dimness, casting eerie shadows
and picking out the twisted branches of trees. The wind in
our face was cool and pleasant, if tinged somewhat by the
scent of petrol.
The engine of the autocar died, and with it the light

from the headlamps.
Sir Arthur uttered another of his exotic curses.
"I suppose it will be of no use," he said, "but would one
of you gentlemen kindly try the crank?"
Holmes—knowing of my shoulder, shattered by a
Jezail bullet in Afghanistan and never quite right since—
leapt from the passenger seat and strode to the front of the
automobile. He cranked it several times, to no avail.
Without a word, he unstrapped the engine cover and
opened it.
"It's too dark, Mr Holmes," Sir Arthur said. "We'll have
to walk home from here."
"Perhaps not, Sir Arthur," said I. "Holmes's vision is
acute." I climbed down, as well, to see if I could be of any
assistance. I wished the automobile carried a kerosene
lamp, though I suppose I would have had to hold it too far
away from the engine, and the petrol tank, for it to be of
much use.
"Can you see the difficulty, Holmes?" I asked.
His long fingers probed among the machined parts of
the engine.
"Difficulty, Watson?" he said. "There is no difficulty
here. Only enterprising cleverness."
The automobile rocked, and I assumed Sir Arthur was
getting down to join us and try to help with the repairs.
"Cleverness?" said I. "Surely you can't mean—Ah!"
Light flickered across his hawkish face, and for a moment I

thought he had repaired the engine and the headlamps.
Then I thought that Sir Arthur must have an innovative
automobile, in which the headlamps gained their power
from an independent battery rather than from the workings
of the motor.
But then, I thought, they would surely not have failed at
the same moment as the motor.
And finally I realized that the headlamps were dark, the
engine still, and the lights on Holmes's face emanated from
a separate source entirely.
I raised my eyes in the direction of the flickering lights.
An eerie radiance lit the forest beyond the road. As I
watched, it descended slowly beneath the tops of the trees.
"Sir Arthur!" I cried.
His silhouette moved quickly toward the mysterious
lights.
Holmes and I ran after him. I felt a shiver, whether of
fear or of unearthly chill, I could not have said.
Suddenly a great flash of light engulfed us, and a great
shock of sound. Dazzled, I stumbled and fell, crying, "Sir
Arthur!" I thought I heard one of Sir Arthur's exotic oaths,
this time in the voice of Sherlock Holmes.
I came to myself, my sight flickering with brilliant black
and white afterimages. When my vision cleared, I found
myself staring straight up into the night. Among the
constellations, Mars burned red in the darkness. I shivered
in sudden dread. I sat up, groaning.

Holmes was instantly at my side.
"Stay quiet, Watson," he said. "You'll soon be right. No
injuries, I fancy."
"And you, Holmes? And Sir Arthur?"
"My sight has recovered, but Sir Arthur does not
answer my hallo."
"What happened, Holmes? What was that explosion?"
"It was . . . what Robert called a flying coracle," Holmes
said. "But it has vanished, and with it Dr Conan Doyle."
"We must return to Undershaw! Call out a search
party!"
"No!" Holmes exclaimed. "He has been spirited away,
and we have no hope of finding the location unless I can
inspect the site of his disappearance. Before searchers
trample it."
"But Lady Conan Doyle!" I said. "She'll be frantic!"
"If we return now," Holmes said, "we can only tell her
Sir Arthur is lost."
"Kidnapped!" I only wished I knew who—or what—had
done the kidnapping.
"Perhaps, though I doubt he believes so."
"He could be killed—!"
"He is safe, I warrant," Holmes said.
"How can you be sure?"
"Because," Holmes said, "no one would benefit from
his death." He settled into the seat of the autocar. "If we

wait till dawn, we may retrieve him and return him safely to
the bosom of his family. Before they have any more
concern than a few hours of wondering where we have got
to."
"Very well, Holmes," I said doubtfully, "but the
responsibility for Sir Arthur's safety lies on your shoulders."
"I accept it," Holmes said solemnly. Suddenly, he
brightened somewhat. "I fear we shall miss the seance."
I confess that I dozed, in the darkest hours of the night,
cold and uncomfortable and cramped in the seat of the
disabled motorcar. My last sight, before I slept, was the
scarlet glow of Mars sinking beneath the tops of the trees. I
dreamed of a race of beings so powerful that the canals
they built could be seen from another planet.
When I woke, shivering, tiny dewdrops covered my
tweeds. The silence of night gave way to the bright songs of
dawn. The scent of wet grass and sulphur wafted into my
nostrils. I tried to remember a particular point of my dream.
Holmes shook me.
"I'm awake, Holmes!" I said. The snatch of memory
vanished without a trace. "Have you found Sir Arthur?"
"Not yet," he said. "Hold this, while I crank the motor."
He handed me a bit of metal—two strips sintered
together to form one curved piece.
"What about Sir Arthur?" I asked. "What about your
search?"
"My search is finished," Holmes said. "I found,

overhead, a few singed tree-leaves. At my feet, a dusty
spot on the ground. Marks pressed into the soil, forming the
corners of a parallelogram—" He snorted. "Not even a
square! Far less elegant than the field theorems. Savory
food for speculation."
"But no trace of Sir Arthur?"
"Many traces, but . . . I think we will not find his hiding
place."
I glanced up into the sky, but the stars had faded and
no trace of light remained.
Holmes fell silent. He would say no more until he was
ready. I feared he had failed—Holmes, failed!—and Sir
Arthur lay dead in some kidnapper's lair, on or off our world.
The autocar started without hesitation. I had never
driven a motorcar—it is folly to own one in the city, where a
hansom is to be had for a handwave, a shout, and a few
shillings. But I had observed Sir Arthur carefully. Soon we
were moving down the road, and I fancy the ruts, rather than
my driving, caused what jolts we felt.
"And what is this, Holmes?" I asked, giving him his bit
of metal. He snatched it and pointed straight ahead. I
quickly corrected the autocar's direction, for in my brief
moment of inattention it had wandered toward the
hedgerow.
"The bit of metal, Holmes?"
"It is," he said, "a bit of metal."
"What does it mean?" I said irritably. "Where did you

find it?"
"I found it in the motor," he said, and placed it in his
pocket. "And may I compliment you on your expert driving. I
had no idea you numbered automobile racing among your
talents."
I took his rather unsubtle hint and slowed the vehicle.
Hedgerows grew close on either side; it would not be
pleasant to round a turn and come upon a horse and
carriage.
"I dreamed of Mars, Holmes," I said.
"Pah!" he said. "Mars!"
"Quite a wonderful dream!" I continued undaunted.
"We had learned to communicate with the Martians. We
could converse, with signals of light, as quickly and as
easily as if we were using a telegraph. But of course that
would be impossible."
"How, impossible?" Holmes asked. "Always assuming
there were Martians with whom to converse."
"Light cannot travel so quickly between the worlds," I
said.
"Light transmission is instantaneous," Holmes said in
a dismissive tone.
"On the contrary," I said. "As you would know if you
paid the least attention to astronomy or physics. The
Michelson-Morley experiment proved light has a finite
speed, and furthermore that its speed remains constant—
but that is beside the point!"

"What is the point, pray tell?" Holmes asked. "You
were, I believe, telegraphing back and forth with Martians."
"The point is that I could not converse instantaneously
with Martians—"
"I do see a certain difficulty in stringing the wires,"
Holmes said drily.
"—because it would take several minutes—I would
have to do the arithmetic, but at least ten—for my 'hallo!' to
reach Mars, and another length of time for their 'Good day
to you' to return."
"Perhaps you should use the post," Holmes said.
"And that is what troubled me about Robert's
description!" I exclaimed.
"Something troubled you?" Holmes said. "You have
not mentioned it before."
"I could not think what it was. But of course! He thought
he saw a signal from Mars, to the coracle, at the instant
after its disappearance. This is impossible, you see,
Holmes, because a message would take so long to reach
us. He must have been mistaken in what he saw."
Holmes rode beside me in silence for some moments,
then let his breath out in a long sigh.
"As usual, Watson, you shame me," he said. "You
have provided the clue to the whole mystery, and now all is
clear."
"I do?" I said. "I have? It is?" I turned to him. "But what
about Sir Arthur? How can the mystery be solved if we have

lost Sir Arthur? Surely we cannot return to Undershaw
without him!"
"Stop!" Holmes cried.
Fearing Holmes had spied a sheep in the road while
my attention was otherwise occupied, I engaged the brake
abruptly. The autocar lurched to a halt, and Holmes used
the momentum to leap from the seat to the roadway.
Sir Arthur sat upon a stone on the verge of the track.
"Good morning, Dr Conan Doyle," Holmes said. "I trust
your adventure has left you none the worse for wear?"
Sir Arthur gazed up with a beatific expression, his
eyes wide and glassy.
"I have seen things, Mr Holmes," he said. "Amazing
things . . . "
Holmes helped him to the automobile and into the
passenger seat. As Sir Arthur settled himself, Holmes
plucked a bit of material from Sir Arthur's shoe.
"What have you found, Holmes?" I asked.
"Nothing remarkable," replied Holmes. "A shred of
dusty silk, I believe." He folded the fabric carefully, placed it
into his pocket, and vaulted into the autocar.
Sir Arthur made no objection to my driving us back to
Undershaw. It was as if he had visited a different world, and
still lived in it in his mind. He refused to speak of it until we
returned to his home, and his worried wife.
A paragon of womanhood, Lady Conan Doyle
accepted Sir Arthur's assurances that he was unharmed.

She led us to the morning room and settled us all in deep
chairs of maroon velvet.
Sir Arthur commenced his story.
"It was amazing," Sir Arthur said. "Absolutely amazing.
I saw the lights, and it was as if I were mesmerized. I felt
drawn to them. I hurried through the woods. I saw the ring of
illumination, just as Robert described it. Brighter than
anything we can manufacture, I'd warrant—never mind that
it floated in the sky! I saw the coracle. A flying vehicle,
turning slowly above me, and windows—and faces! Faces
peering down at me."
Holmes shifted and frowned, but said nothing.
"Then I saw a flash of light—"
"We saw it, too," said I. "We feared you'd been
injured."
"Far from it!" Conan Doyle said. "Uplifted, rather!
Enlightened! I swooned with the shock, and when I awoke
—I was inside the coracle!"
"How did you know where you were?" Holmes
demanded. "Could you see out the windows? Were you
high above the ground?"
"I was in a round room, the size of the coracle, and I
could feel the wafting of the winds—"
It occurred to me that the previous night had been
nearly windless. But perhaps the flying coracle had risen
higher and the wind aloft had freshened.
"What of the portholes?" Holmes asked.

"There were no portholes," Sir Arthur said, still
speaking in a dreamy voice. "The walls were smooth black,
like satin. The portholes had closed over, without leaving a
trace!"
"Sir Arthur—" Holmes protested.
"Hush, Mr Holmes, please," Lady Conan Doyle said,
leaning forward, her face alight with concentration. "Let my
husband finish his story."
"I was not at all frightened, strangely content, and
immobile," Sir Arthur said. "Then . . . the people came in
and spoke to me. They looked like—like nothing on this
Earth! They were very pale, and their eyes were huge and
bright, shining with otherworldly intelligence. They told me—
they told me, without speaking, they spoke in my mind,
without moving their lips!"
"Ah," Holmes murmured, "so at least they had lips."
"Shh!" Lady Conan Doyle said, dispensing with
courtesy.
"What did they tell you, Sir Arthur?" I asked.
"They wished to examine me, to determine if their
people and ours are compatible, to determine if we can live
together in peace."
"Live together!" I ejaculated.
"Yes. They did examine me—I cannot describe the
process in polite company, except to say that it was . . .
quite thorough. Strangely enough, I felt no fear, and very
little discomfort, even when they used the needles."

"Ah, yes," Holmes murmured. "The needles."
"Who were these people?" I asked, amazed. "Where
are they from?"
"They are," Sir Arthur said softly, "from Mars."
I felt dazed, not only because of my exhaustion. Lady
Conan Doyle made a sound of wonder, and Holmes—
Holmes growled low in his throat.
"From Mars?" he said drily. "Not from the spirit
realm?"
Sir Arthur drew himself up, bristling at the implied
insult.
"I'll not have it said I cannot admit I was wrong! The
new evidence is overwhelming!"
Before Holmes could reply, Sir Arthur's butler
appeared in the doorway.
"Sir Arthur," he said.
"Tell Robert," Holmes said without explanation, "that
we have no need to examine any new field theorems. Tell
him he may notify the constabulary, the journalists, and the
king if he wishes."
The butler hesitated.
"And tell him," Holmes added, "that he may charge
what he likes to guide them."
The butler bowed and disappeared.
"They'll trample the theorem!" Sir Arthur objected,
rising from his chair. "We won't know—"

"But you already know, Sir Arthur," Holmes said. "The
creators of the field theorem have spoken to you."
Sir Arthur relaxed. "That is true," he said. He smiled.
"To think that I've been singled out this way—to introduce
them to the world!" He leaned forward, spreading his hands
in entreaty. "They're nothing like the Martians of Mr Wells,"
he said. "Not evil, not invaders. They wish only to be our
friends. There's no need for panic."
"We're hardly in danger of panic," Holmes said. "I have
done as you asked. I have solved your mystery." He
nodded to me. "Thanks to my friend Dr Watson."
"There is no mystery, Mr Holmes," Sir Arthur said.
Holmes drew from his pocket the wooden stake, the
metal spring, and the scrap of black silk. He placed them
on the table before us. Dust drifted from the silk, emitting a
burned, metallic scent and marring the polished table with a
film of white.
"You are correct. There is, indeed, no mystery." He
picked up the stake, and I noticed that a few green stalks
remained wrapped tightly around it. "I found this in the
center of the new field theorem, the one that so conveniently
appeared after I expressed a desire to see one afresh.
Unfortunately, its creators were unduly hurried, and could
not work with their usual care. They left the center marker,
to which they tied a rope, to use as a compass to form their
circles."
Holmes moved his long forefinger around the stake,

showing how a loop of rope had scuffed the corners of the
wood, how the circular motion had pulled crop stalks into a
tight coil.
"But that isn't what happened," Sir Arthur said. "The
Martians explained all. They were trying to communicate
with me, but the theorems are beyond our mental reach. So
they risked everything to speak to me directly."
Holmes picked up the spring.
"Metal expands when it heats," he said. "This was
cunningly placed so its expansion disarranged a
connection in your motor. Whenever the temperature rose,
the motor would stop. Naturally, you drove rapidly when you
went to investigate each new field theorem. Of course your
motorcar would overheat—and, consequently, misbehave
—under those circumstances."
"The Martians disrupted the electrical flux of my
motorcar—it's an inevitable result of the energy field that
supports their coracle. It can fly through space, Mr Holmes,
from Mars to Earth and back again!"
Holmes sighed, and picked up the bit of black silk.
"This is all that is left of the flying coracle," he said.
"The hot-air balloon, rather. Candles at its base heated the
air, kept the balloon aloft, and produced the lights."
"The lights were too bright for candles, Mr Holmes," Sir
Arthur said.
Holmes continued undaunted. "Add to the balloon a
handful of flash powder." He shook the bit of black silk.

White dust floated from it, and a faint scent of sulphur
wafted into the air. "It ignites, you are dazzled. The silk
ignites! The candles, the balloon, the straw framework—all
destroyed! Leaving nothing but dust . . . a dust of
magnesium oxide." He stroked his fingertip through the
powder.
"It did not burn me," Sir Arthur pointed out.
"It was not meant to burn you. It was meant to amaze
you. Your abductors are neither malicious nor stupid."
Holmes brushed the dust from his hands. "We were meant
to imagine a craft that could fall from the sky, balance on its
legs, and depart again, powered on flame, like a Chinese
rocket! But it left the tracks of four legs, awkwardly spaced.
I found this suspicious. Three legs, spaced regularly, would
lead to more stability."
"Very inventive, Mr Holmes, but you fail to explain how
the Martians transported me to their coracle, how the
portholes sealed without a trace, how they spoke to me in
my mind."
"Sir Arthur," Holmes said, "are you familiar with the
effects of cocaine?"
"In theory, of course," said Sir Arthur. "I'm a medical
doctor, after all."
"Personally familiar," Holmes said.
"I've never had occasion to use it myself, nor to
prescribe it," Sir Arthur said. "So, no, I am not personally
familiar with the effects of cocaine."

"I am," Holmes said quietly. "And you show every sign
of having recently succumbed to its influence. Your eyes are
glassy. Your imagination is heightened—"
"Are you saying," Sir Arthur said with disbelief, "that
the Martians drugged me with cocaine?"
"There are no Martians!" Holmes said, raising his
voice for the first time. "There are hoaxers, who created a
clever illusion, dazzled you, drugged you, and took you to a
hiding place—a raft, no doubt, that would mimic the
motions of a boat floating in the air. They disguised
themselves, spoke from behind masks—or behind a
curtain!—taking
advantage
of
your
distracted
consciousness. You saw the needle yourself, the second
needle that drugged you again, so they could place you
where you would be safe, and soon found!"
Sir Arthur gazed at Holmes for a long moment, then
chuckled softly.
"I understand," he said softly. "I do understand."
"You understand that you have been tricked?" Holmes
asked.
"I understand all. You need say no more. Some day, in
the future, when you're persuaded of my complete goodwill,
we'll have occasion to speak again."
Sir Arthur rose, crossed the room, and opened his
desk. He drew out a sheet of paper, returned, and
presented the paper to Holmes.
"This is a letter of credit," he said, "in payment for your

services. It's sufficient, I hope?"
Holmes barely glanced at the paper. "More than
sufficient," he said. "Most generous, I would say, from a
client who believes I have been made a fool of by
Martians."
"Not at all, Mr Holmes. I understand your reasoning.
You are very subtle, sir, I admire you."
"Then you accept—"
"I accept your explanation as proof of my hypothesis,"
Sir Arthur said. "And I admire you beyond words." He
smiled. "And now, we are all very tired. I must rest, and then
—to work! To introduce the world to the wonders
approaching us. I've taken the liberty of hiring a private train
to return you to London. A token of my esteem."
Speechless, Holmes rose.
"Your luggage is in the autocar. James will drive you to
the station. The autocar will not misbehave, because our
visitors have gone home for the moment. But—they will
return!"
Sir Arthur and Lady Conan Doyle accompanied us to
the drive, so graciously that I hardly felt we were being
shown the door. I climbed into the motorcar, but Sir Arthur
held Holmes back for a moment, speaking to him in a low
voice, shaking his hand.
Holmes joined me, nonplussed, and James drove us
away. The motorcar ran flawlessly. As we passed a field
that yesterday had been a smooth swath of grain, but today

was marked by a field theorem more complex than any
before, we saw Robert and Little Robbie directing
spectators around the crushed patterns in the field. They
both had taken more care with their appearance than the
previous day, and wore clothes without holes or patches.
His expression hidden in the shade of his new cap,
Robert turned to watch us pass.
"Holmes—" I said.
Holmes gently silenced me with a gesture. He raised
one hand in farewell to the farmer. Robert saluted him. A
small smile played around Holmes's lips.
As soon as we were alone in the private train car,
Holmes flung himself into a luxurious leather armchair and
began to laugh. He laughed so hard, and so long, that I
feared he was a candidate for Bedlam.
"Holmes!" I cried. "Get hold of yourself, man!" I poured
him a glass of brandy—Napoleon, I noticed in passing.
His laughter faded slowly to an occasional chuckle,
and he wiped tears from his eyes.
"That's better," I said. "What is so infernally funny?"
"Human beings," Holmes said. "Human beings,
Watson, are an endless source of amusement."
"I do not like leaving Sir Arthur with a misapprehension
of events. Perhaps we should return—seek out the raft on
which he was held captive."
"It has, no doubt, been sunk in the deepest part of the
lake. We would never find it . . . unless we could engage the

services of Mr Verne's Captain Nemo."
"I'm astonished that you've read Twenty Thousand
Leagues Under the Sea," I said.
"I have not. But you did, and you described it to me
quite fully." He sipped the brandy, and glanced at the
glowing amber liquid in appreciation. "Hmm. The last good
year."
I poured cognac for myself, warmed the balloon glass
between my hands, and savored the sweet, intoxicating
bite of its vapors. It was far too early in the day for spirits,
but this one time I excused myself.
"When we return to Baker Street," said Holmes, "I
might perhaps borrow your copy of War of the Worlds, if
you would be so kind as to lend it to me."
"I will," I said, "if you promise not to rip out its pages for
your files. Bertie inscribed it to me personally."
"I will guard its integrity with my life."
I snorted. The train jerked, wheels squealing against
the tracks, and gathered speed.
"What about Sir Arthur?" I asked, refusing to be put off
again. "He believes he's been visited by Martians!"
"Watson, old friend, Sir Arthur is a willing participant in
the hoax."
"You mean—he engineered it himself? Then why
engage your services?"
"An innocent, unconscious participant. He wants to

believe. He has exchanged Occam's razor for Occam's
kaleidoscope, complicating simple facts into explanations
of impossible complexity. But he believes they are true, just
as he believes spirits visit him, and Houdini possesses
mediumistic powers, and I . . . " He started to chuckle
again.
"I don't understand the purpose of this hoax!" I said,
hoping to distract him before he erupted into another bout
of hysteria. "Nor who perpetrated it!"
"It is a difficult question. I despaired of solving it. I
wondered if Sir Arthur wished to pit his intellect against
mine. If the journalists and photographers conspired to
create a story. If Constable Brown wished to draw more
resources to his district—and found he enjoyed the
limelight!"
"Which of them was it, Holmes? Wait! It was the
photographer—only he has access to flash powder!"
"And an intimate knowledge of Surrey fields? No. The
flash powder is easily purchased—or purloined. It was no
one you mention."
"Then who?"
"Who benefits?"
I considered. If Sir Arthur wrote of the events, he might
make a tidy sum from a book and lecture tour. But Holmes
had already stated that Sir Arthur was innocent. Still, what
benefited Sir Arthur would benefit his whole family . . .
"Not Lady Conan Doyle!" I exclaimed, aghast.

"Certainly not," Holmes said.
"The butler? The driver? He would know how to
sabotage the car—"
"Robert Holder, Watson!" Holmes cried. "Robert
Holder! Perhaps—indeed, certainly—with help from James
and the butler and other tenants in the neighborhood. But
Robert was the mastermind, for all his rough appearance.
A veritable Houdini of the countryside!" Holmes
considered. "Indeed, he used some of my own techniques.
And he almost defeated me!"
"He risked all by challenging you!"
"I was unforeseen—surely he intended Sir Arthur to
conduct the investigation. When you and I arrived, Robert
must have realized he would stand or fall by his boldness.
He offered Sir Arthur a compelling reason to dismiss my
solution—and me. Sir Arthur accepted the offering. How
could he resist?"
Holmes gazed out the window of the train for a
moment. Unmarred fields rippled past, like miniature green
seas.
"If not for Robert's misapprehension about the velocity
of light," Holmes said, "a misapprehension that I shared, I
would have known what happened, and I would have known
how—but I never would have been certain who."
"You sound curiously sympathetic, Holmes," I said with
disapproval.
"Indeed I am, Watson. Robert is clearly an honourable

man."
"Honourable!"
"He refused Sir Arthur's offer to relieve him of the
year's rent. He has no wish to steal."
"Only to lie."
"Like Houdini. Like any entertainer, any storyteller.
Shakespeare lied. You have lied yourself, my friend, in your
descriptions of our adventures."
"I have disguised individuals," I said, taking offense. "I
have, yes, perhaps, dissembled occasionally . . . " I
hesitated, and then I nodded. "Very well. I have lied."
"Life is hard for people who work the land. You and I
are prosperous, now, but remember what it was like when
we were younger, scraping along from season to season,
with never a new shirt or a pair of boots that did not let in
the rain? Imagine seeing no better prospects. For the rest
of your life."
I suddenly remembered father and sons, and their new
clothes.
"Who can blame them for creating a diversion, a
mystery to attract sightseers, people of leisure with money
to spare. People," Holmes added, "with a blind eye to turn
to the evidence lying plain before them?"
"What of your commitment to the truth, Holmes?" I
asked with some asperity.
"I know the truth," he said. "You know it. Sir Arthur
knows it, but rejects it. I have kept the solution to other

mysteries confidential; it is part of my duty. How is this
different?"
I suddenly understood. Holmes's sympathy was not so
much directed toward the hoaxers as away from the
curiosity seekers who were willing, indeed eager, to be
fooled.
"Very well, Holmes," I said. "I am content, if you are."
We rode in silence for some miles, lulled by the
rocking of the train, enjoying Sir Arthur's excellent cognac
and the peaceful English countryside. I wondered what the
world would be like if beings from another planet did visit
us.
"Holmes," I said.
"Yes, Watson?"
"Why was Sir Arthur so willing to pay you, when he did
not believe your solution? What did he say to you, just as
we left?"
"He said, 'I understand why you are such an
extraordinary person. Like Houdini, you have good reason
to hide your abilities, your true nature. I understand why
Sherlock Holmes cannot be the one to reveal the truth
about our visitors. I will do it, and you may trust me to keep
your secret.'"
"Your secret?"
"Yes, Watson." Holmes smiled. "Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle believes I am a Martian."

The Adventure of the
Death-Fetch
by Darrell Schweitzer
Darrell Schweitzer is the author of the novels The
Shattered Goddess and The Mask of the Sorcerer, as
well as numerous short stories, which have been
collected in Transients, Nightscapes, Refugees from
an Imaginary Country, and Necromancies and
Netherworlds. Recent books include The Fantastic
Horizon, Ghosts of Past and Future, and Living with
the Dead. Well-known as an editor and critic, he coedited the magazine Weird Tales for several years,
and is currently editing anthologies for DAW, such as
The Secret History of Vampires and Cthulhu's Reign,
and an urban fantasy werewolf anthology for Pocket
Books.
We all have days when the world seems too much to
bear, and all we want to do is lock ourselves in our
room and not come out. It's an illusion, this idea that a
foot of wood and plaster can seal us off from the
troubles that beset us, but it's a comforting illusion, and

it resonates. Authors have spun some wonderful
dramatic scenarios out of this notion of a safe room
within a hostile universe. H. P. Lovecraft's "The Music
of Erich Zann" is about a violinist who plays unearthly
tunes to keep hostile entities from invading his
apartment. China Miéville's "Details" is about a
woman who has plastered over all the visible lines and
angles in her apartment, because those angles are
traversed by the other-dimensional terrors that assail
her. The movie Pulse features characters who must
seal up their room with red duct tape to protect
themselves from malevolent spirits. There's something
instantly intriguing about a person who refuses to
come out, and also about the idea that evil could be
kept at bay by something simple, such as music or
duct tape. Our next tale brings us a chilling new
variation on this theme.
In retrospect, the most amazing thing is that Watson
confided the story to me at all. I was nobody, a nineteenyear-old college student from America visiting English
relatives during Christmas break. I just happened to be in
the house when the old doctor came to call. He had been a
friend of my grandfather long before I was born, and was
still on the closest terms with my several aunts; and of
course he was the Doctor John Watson, who could have
commanded the immediate and rapt attention of any

audience he chose.
So, why did he tell me and only me? Why not, at least,
my aunts? I think it was precisely because I was no one of
any consequence or particular credibility and would soon
be returning to school far away. He was like the servant of
King Midas in the fairy tale, who can no longer bear the
secret that the king has ass's ears. He has to "get it off his
chest," as we Americans say. The point is not being
believed, or recording the truth, but release from the sheer
act of telling. The luckless courtier, fearing for his life, finally
has to dig a hole in the swamp, stick his head in it, and
whisper the secret. Not that it did him much good, for the
wind in the rattling reeds endlessly repeated what he had
said.
There being no swamp conveniently at hand for Dr.
Watson, I would have to do.
The old gentleman must have been nearly eighty at the
time. I remember him as stout, but not quite obese, nearly
bald, with a generous white moustache. He often sat
smoking by the remains of our fire long after the rest of the
household had gone to bed. I imagined that he was
reminiscing over a lifetime of wonderful adventures. Well,
maybe.
I was up late too, that particular night, on my way into
the kitchen for some tea after struggling with a wretched
attempt at a novel. I chanced through the parlor. Doctor
Watson stirred slightly where he sat.

"Oh, Doctor. I'm sorry. I didn't know you were still
there."
He waved me to the empty chair opposite him. I sat
without a further word, completely in awe of the great man.
I swallowed hard and stared at the floor for perhaps
five minutes, jerking my head up once, startled, when the
burnt log in the fireplace settled, throwing off sparks. I could
hear occasional automobiles passing by in the street
outside.
Dr. Watson's pipe had gone out and he set it aside.
He folded his age-spotted hands in his lap, cleared his
throat, and leaned forward.
He had my absolute attention. I knew that he was about
to tell a story. My heart almost stopped.
"I am sure you know there were some cases of
Sherlock Holmes which never worked out, and thus went
unrecorded."
I lost what little composure I had and blurted, "Yes, yes,
Doctor. You mention them from time to time. Like the one
about the man and the umbrella—"
He raised a hand to silence me. "Not like that, boy.
Some I never found the time to write up, and I inserted
those allusions as reminders to myself; but others were
deliberately suppressed, and never committed to paper at
all, because Holmes expressly forbade it. One in particular
—"
At least I didn't say anything as stupid as, "Then why

are you telling me?" No, I had the good sense to sit
absolutely motionless and silent, and just listen.
It was about this same season [Watson began] in the
year 1900, a few days after Christmas if I recall correctly—I
cannot be certain of such facts without my notebooks, and
in any case the incident of which I speak was never entered
into them—but I am certain it was a bright and brisk winter
day, with new-fallen snow on the sidewalks, but no sense of
festivity in the air. Instead, the city seemed to have reached
a profound calm, a time to rest and tidy up and go on with
one's regular business.
Holmes remarked how somehow, in defiance of all
logic, it appeared that the calendar revealed patterns of
criminality.
"Possibly the superstitions are true," I mused, "and
lunatics really are driven by the moon."
"There may be scattered facts buried in the morass of
superstition, Watson," said he, "if only science has the
patience to ferret them out—"
We had now come, conversing as we walked, to the
corner of Baker Street and Marylebone Road, having been
abroad on some business or other—damn that I don't have
my notes with me—when this train of thought was suddenly
interrupted by an attractive, well-dressed young woman
who rushed up and grasped Holmes by the arm.
"Mr. Sherlock Holmes? You are Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
are you not?"

Holmes gently eased her hand off him. "I am indeed,
Miss—"
"Oh! Thank God! My father said that no one else could
possibly save him!"
To my amazement and considerable irritation, Holmes
began walking briskly, leaving the poor girl to trail after us
like a common beggar. I'd often had words with him in
private about these lapses of the expected courtesy, but
now I could only follow along, somewhat flustered.
Meanwhile the young lady—whose age I would have
guessed at a few years short of twenty—breathlessly
related a completely disjointed tale about a mysterious
curse, approaching danger, and quite a bit else I couldn't
make head or tail out of.
At the doorstep of 221B, Holmes turned on her
sharply.
"And now Miss—I'm afraid I did not catch your name."
"Thurston. My name is Abigail Thurston."
"Any relation to Sir Humphrey Thurston, the noted
explorer of Southeast Asia?"
"He is my father, as I've already told you—"
"I am not sure you've told me much of anything—yet!"
Holmes turned to go inside. Miss Thurston's features
revealed a completely understandable admixture of
disappointment, grief, and quite possibly—and I couldn't
have blamed her—rage.
"Holmes!" I said. "Please!"

"And now Miss Abigail Thurston, as I have no other
business this morning, I shall be glad to admit you." As she,
then I, followed him up the stairs, he continued, "You must
pardon my abrupt manner, but it has its uses."
When I had shown her to a chair and rung Mrs. Hudson
for some tea, Holmes explained further, "My primary
purpose has been to startle you into sense, Miss Thurston.
A story told all in a jumble is like a brook plunging over a
precipice—very pretty, but, alas, babbling. Now that the
initial rush of excitement is past, perhaps now you can tell
me, calmly and succinctly, why you have come to see me. I
enjoin you to leave out none of the facts, however trivial they
may seem to you. Describe the events exactly, in the order
that they occurred, filling in such background as may be
necessary to illuminate the entire tale."
She breathed deeply, then began in measured tones.
"I am indeed the daughter of the explorer, Sir Humphrey
Thurston. You are perhaps familiar with his discoveries of
lost cities in the jungles of Indo-China. His books are
intended for a limited, scholarly audience, but there have
been numerous articles about him in the popular
magazines—"
"Suffice it to say that I am familiar with your father and
his admirable contributions to science. Do go on."
"My mother died when I was quite small, Mr. Holmes,
and my father spent so much time abroad that he was
almost a stranger to me. I was raised by relatives, under the

supervision of a series of governesses. All this while Father
seemed more a guardian angel than a parent, someone
always looking out for my welfare, concerned and
benevolent, but invisible. Oh, there were letters and gifts in
the post, but he remained outside my actual life. Each time
he came, we had to become acquainted all over again.
Such is the difference in a child's life between six and eight
and twelve. I had changed profoundly, while he was always
the same, brave, mysterious, inevitably sunburnt from long
years in the jungles and deserts; home for a short time to
rest, write his reports, and perhaps give a few lectures
before setting forth again in the quest of knowledge. So
things have continued. This past month he has returned
again, after an absence of three years, to discover his little
girl become a woman, and again a stranger. He has
promised to remain this time until I am married and secure
in a home of my own—"
"Then it should be a happy occasion for you," said
Holmes, smiling to reassure her, the corners of his mouth
twitching to betray impatience. The smile vanished. "But I
perceive it is not. Please get to the point then. Why have
you come rushing to Baker Street on a winter's day when
you would surely be much more comfortable in a warm
house in the company of your much-travelled sire?"
She paused, looking alarmed once more, glancing to
me first as if for reassurance. I could only smile and nod,
wordlessly bidding her to continue.

"The first few days of his visit were indeed happy, Mr.
Holmes, but very suddenly, a shadow came over him. For a
week and more, he seemed distracted and brooding. Then
five days ago he withdrew into his study, refusing to venture
out for any reason. He is afraid, deathly afraid!"
"Of what, pray tell?"
"I cannot discern the central fear, exactly, only its
broader effects. Certainly he has become morbidly afraid
of his own reflection. He will not allow a mirror to be brought
anywhere near him. He even shaves with his eyes closed,
by touch alone, rather than risk seeing himself."
"This is extraordinary," I said.
"But surely," said Holmes, "this sort of mania is more
in Doctor Watson's line than mine, work for a medical man
of a specialized sort, not a detective."
"Oh no, Sir! My father is completely sane. I am certain
of that. But I am equally certain that he is not telling me
everything, perhaps in an attempt to spare me some horror
—for it must be a horror that makes so bold an adventurer
cringe behind a locked door with a loaded elephant gun
across his knees!"
I leaned forward and spoke to her in my most soothing
medical manner. "I am sure, Miss Thurston, that your father
has a very good reason for acting as he does, and that,
indeed, his chief object is to protect you."
"Yes," said Holmes. "I am certain it is."
"His very words were, 'Summon Sherlock Holmes, girl,

or I shall not live out the week!' So here I am. Please come
and see him, Mr. Holmes, at once!"
Holmes shot to his feet. "Watson! How foolish of us to
have even removed our hats and coats. Come!" He took
our guest by the hand and helped her up. "As I said, Miss
Thurston, I have no other business this morning."
It was but a short cab ride to the Thurston residence, in
the most fashionable part of west London. We rode in
silence, crowded together, the girl in the middle, Holmes
deep in thought. Unconsciously almost, Miss Thurston took
my hand for reassurance. I held her firmly, but gently.
It was admittedly an intriguing problem: what, if not a
sudden mania, could cause so brave a man as Sir
Humphrey Thurston to be paralyzed with fear at the sight of
his own reflection?
As we neared the house, the girl suddenly struggled to
stand up in the still moving cab.
"Father!"
She pointed. I had only a glimpse of a tall, muscular
man on the further streetcorner, and noted the tan coat and
top hat, white gloves, and silver-tipped stick. He turned at
the sound of Miss Thurston's cry, revealing a grey-bearded
face, dark eyes, and a broad, high forehead, then moved
speedily away in long strides, not quite running. Abruptly, he
vanished down a side street.
Holmes pounded on the ceiling of the cab for the driver

to stop and we three scrambled out, I attending to Miss
Thurston and the driver while Holmes set off at a furious run,
only to return moments later, breathing hard, having lost all
trace of Sir Humphrey.
"I don't know what explanation I can offer," said Miss
Thurston. "Perhaps my father's difficulty, mania or whatever
it is, has passed, and I have wasted your time."
Holmes nodded to me.
"Mental disease is not my specialty." I said, "but from
what medical papers I've read, and from the talk of my
colleagues, I do not think it likely that so powerful a delusion
would go away so quickly. It makes no sense."
"Indeed, it does not," said Holmes. "One moment, the
man behaves as if he is faced with mortal danger. The next,
he is out for a stroll as if nothing had happened, but he flees
the approach of his beloved daughter and vanishes with, I
must confess, remarkable speed and agility."
"What do we do now, Mr. Holmes?"
"If you would admit us to his chamber. Perhaps he left
some clue."
"Yes, yes. I should have thought of that. Pray forgive
me—"
"Do not trouble yourself, Miss Thurston. Only lead the
way."
She unlocked the door herself. Although it was a fine,
large house, there were no servants in evidence. I helped
her off with her coat and hung it for her in a closet off to one

side. As we ascended the front stairs, she hastily explained
that another of her father's inexplicable behaviors was to
give leave to the entire staff until—she supposed—the
crisis had passed.
"Oh, I do fear that it is a mania, Mr. Holmes."
I was beginning to fear as much myself, but scarcely a
moment to consider the possibility when a voice thundered
from above, "Abigail! Is that you?"
Miss Thurston looked to Holmes, then to me with an
expression of utmost bewilderment and fright. I think she all
but fainted at that moment. I made ready to catch her lest
she tumble back down the stairs.
Again came the voice, from somewhere off to the left
of the top of the stairs. "Abigail! If that's you, speak up girl! If
it's Hawkins, you damned blackguard, I have my gun ready
and am fully prepared to shoot!"
Holmes shouted in reply, "Sir Humphrey, it is Sherlock
Holmes and his colleague Dr. Watson. We have been
admitted by your daughter, who is here with us."
"Abigail?"
"Yes, Father, it is I. I've brought them as you asked."
Heavy footsteps crossed the floor upstairs. A door
opened with a click of the lock being undone.
"Thank God, then . . . "
Holmes, Miss Thurston, and I were admitted into Sir
Humphrey's study. I was astounded to confront the same
man we had seen on the street. The broad shoulders,

bearded face, high forehead, dark eyes, and athletic gait
were unmistakable. But now he wasn't dressed for the
outdoors. He wore a dressing gown and slippers. An
elephant gun lay across the chair where he had obviously
been sitting moments before. On the table by his right hand
were a bottle and glass of brandy, a notebook, a pen and
an uncapped ink jar.
"Thank God you are here, Mr. Holmes," he said.
"Doubtless my daughter has told you of my distress and
seeming madness. If anyone on Earth may convince me
that I am not mad, it is you, Mr. Holmes. I can trust no one
else to uncover the fiendish devices by which I have been
made to see the impossible."
We all sat. Thurston offered Holmes and me glasses of
brandy. Holmes waved his aside. I accepted out of
politeness, but after a single sip placed it on the table
beside me.
Sir Humphrey seemed about ready to speak, when
Holmes interrupted.
"First, a question. Have you been, for any reason,
outside of the house this morning?"
Thurston looked startled. "Certainly not. I have not
been out of this room for five days—" He paused, as if
uncertain of how to proceed.
It was Holmes's turn to be astonished, but only I, who
knew him well, could detect the subtle change in his manner
and expression. To the others he must have seemed, as

before, calm and attentive, purely analytical.
The silence went on for a minute or two. Now that I had
a chance to examine our surroundings, the room proved to
be exactly what I expected, a cluttered assembly of
mementoes and books, a large bronze Buddha seated on
a teakwood stand, strangely demonic Asian masks
hanging on the walls amid framed citations and
photographs. In a place of honor behind his writing desk
hung a portrait of a beautiful woman whose features
resembled those of Abigail Thurston but were somewhat
older. This I took to be her mother.
"Do go on, Sir Humphrey," said Holmes, "and tell us
what has taken place during these five days in which you
have never once left this room."
"You'll probably think I am out of my mind, Mr. Holmes.
Indeed, I think so myself, whenever I am unable to convince
myself that I am beguiled by some devilish trickery. For the
life of me, I cannot figure out how it is done."
"How what is done, Sir Humphrey?"
"Mr. Holmes, do you know what I mean when I say I
have seen my death fetch?"
Abigail Thurston let out a cry, then covered her mouth
with her hand.
Holmes seemed unperturbed. "In the superstitions of
many races, a man who is about to die may encounter his
spirit-likeness. The German term is doppelganger,
meaning double-walker. Certainly such an apparition is

held to be a portent of the direst sort, and to be touched by
this figure means instantaneous death. You haven't been
touched by it then, have you, Sir Humphrey?"
Thurston's face reddened. "If you mean to mock me,
Mr. Holmes, then my faith in you is misplaced."
"I do not mock. Nor do I deal in phantoms. My practice
stands firmly flat-footed upon the ground. No ghosts need
apply. Therefore I must agree with your conclusion, even
before I have examined the evidence, that you are the
victim of trickery of some kind. But first, describe to me
what you think you have seen."
"Myself, Mr. Holmes. My daughter has surely
mentioned my sudden aversion to mirrors."
"Don't we all see ourselves in mirrors?"
"I saw myself twice."
"Twice?"
"Five mornings ago, I stood before the mirror shaving,
when a second image appeared in the glass, as if an exact
duplicate of myself were looking over my shoulder. I
whirled about, razor in hand, and confronted myself as
surely as if I gazed into a second mirror, only the face of this
other was contorted with the most venomous hatred, Mr.
Holmes, the most absolute malevolence I have ever beheld.
The lips were about to form an utterance which I somehow
know would mean my immediate death.
"So I slashed frantically with my razor. I felt the blade

pass through only the air, but the figure vanished, like a
burst soap bubble."
"And it did not harm you in any way," said Holmes,
"any more than a soap bubble—or some projected illusion
of light and shadow."
"Oh no, Mr. Holmes, this was no magic-lantern show. It
was a fully three-dimensional image. Each time I saw it, it
was as real to my eyes as you and Dr. Watson appear
now."
"You saw it, then, more than once?"
"Three times, Mr. Holmes, until I had the sense to
remove all mirrors and reflective surfaces from the room.
That is how it gets in. I am certain of that."
"And I am certain, Sir Humphrey, that you are certain
of far more than you have told me. Unless you give me all of
the facts, I cannot help you, however much your daughter
may entreat me. Who, for instance, is the 'blackguard
Hawkins' you took us for on the stairs?"
Thurston refilled his glass and took a long draught of
brandy, then settled back. "Yes, you are right, of course, Mr.
Holmes. I shall have to tell you and Dr. Watson everything."
He turned to his daughter. "But you, my dear, perhaps
should not hear what we have to say."
"Father, I think I am old enough."
"It is not a pretty story."
"My early years were wild," Sir Humphrey began. "I

was no paragon of scientific respectability at twenty-one,
but little more than a common criminal. I have never before
admitted that I was dismissed from the Indian Army under
extremely disreputable circumstances and only escaped
court martial because a sympathetic officer allowed me
time to flee, change my name, and disappear. The offense
involved the pillage of a native temple, and the officer's
sympathy had been purchased with some of the loot.
"And so, under another name, I wandered the East. I
had no means by which to return to England, nor had I any
desire to present myself to friends and family as a failure
and a disgrace. Once in a very great while I dispatched a
letter filled with fanciful, if artfully vague, tales of confidential
adventures in government service.
"In the course of my travels I picked up several
languages and a profound education in the ways of the
world's wickedness. I fell in with the roughest possible
company, and was myself more often than not on the wrong
side of the law. In the gold fields of Australia there was a
certain dispute and a man died of it, and once more I had
to vanish. In Shanghai I worked as an agent for a wealthy
mandarin, whose true activities, when they became known
to the Chinese authorities, caused his head to be pickled in
brine.
"But the blackest depths were in Rangoon, for there I
met Wendall Hawkins. He was a vile rogue, Mr. Holmes,
even among such company as I found him. Murderer, thief,

pirate, and more—I am sure. He was a huge, powerful man
with an enormous, dark beard, who used to jokingly boast
—though I think he half believed it—that he was the
reincarnation of Edward Teach, the notorious buccaneer
commonly known as Blackbeard.
"Reckless as I was, my normal instinct would have
been to avoid such a man as I would a live cobra, but he
had something which fascinated me: an idol six inches in
height, of a hideous, bat-winged dog, carven of the finest
milky green jade, stylized in a manner which resembled the
Chinese but wasn't. Its eyes were purest sapphires.
"Mr. Holmes, I was more than just a thieving lout in
those days. Already the direction of my life's work was clear
to me—though I had yet to learn its manner—for if ever I
suffered from a true mania, it was the craving to penetrate
the deepest secrets of the mysterious Orient. Oh, I wanted
riches, yes, but more than that I hoped to come back to
England famous, like some Burton or Livingstone or
Speke, having brought the light of European science to the
darkest and most forbidden corners of the globe.
"I knew what this idol was, even before Wendall
Hawkins told me. It was an artifact of the Chan-Tzo people
who inhabit the Plateau of Leng in central Asia, in that
unmapped and unexplored region northwest of Tibet, where
theoretically the Chinese and Russian empires adjoin, but
in fact no civilized person has ever set foot—for all the
ravings of Madame Blavatsky contain much nonsense

about the place. The very name, Chan-Tzo, is often
mistranslated as 'Corpse-Eaters,' and so occultists whisper
fearfully of the hideous rites of the 'Corpse Eating Cult of
Leng.' In truth necrophagia is the least of Leng's horrors.
The Chan-Tzo are 'Vomiters of Souls' . . . but I am far
ahead of myself.
"Hawkins had the idol and he had a map—which had
been acquired, he darkly hinted, at the cost of several lives
—written in an obscure Burmese dialect. He needed me to
translate. That was why he had come to me. Otherwise he
would share his treasure-hunt with as few as possible—for
that was what it was to be. We would journey to Leng
armed to the teeth, slaughter any natives who stood in our
way, and return to civilization rich men. I tried to console my
conscience with the belief that I, at least, would be travelling
as much for knowledge as for wealth, and that through my
efforts this find could be of scientific value.
"Hawkins and ten others had pooled funds to buy a
steam launch, which we christened, to suit our leader's
fancy, the Queen Anne's Revenge . Once we had secured
sufficient ammunition and supplies, we slipped up the
Irrawaddy by night and journeyed deep into the interior,
beyond the reach of any colonial authorities, ultimately
anchoring at Putao near the Chinese border and continuing
overland.
"I don't have to tell you that the trip was a disaster.
Supplies went bad or disappeared. We all had fevers.

What native guides we could hire or seize at gunpoint
misled us, then got away. I alone could read the damned
map, but it was cryptic, even if you could make out the
script. Much of the time I merely guessed and tried to find
our way by the stars.
"Many times I was certain that none of us would get
back alive. The first to die was the crazy American,
something-or-other Jones, a lunatic who carried a bullwhip
and fancied himself an archaeologist. We found Jones in
his tent, bloated to half again normal size, his face eaten
away by foot-long jungle leeches.
"One by one the others perished, from accidents, from
disease that might have been poisoning. Gutzman, the
South African, caught a dart in the neck one night. Van
Eysen, the Dutchman, tried to make off with most of our
remaining food and clean water. Hawkins shot him in the
back, then killed the Malay when he protested, and the
Lascar on general principles. Another Englishman, Gunn,
got his throat cut merely so that there would be one mouth
less to feed.
"Since I alone could read the map—or pretended to—I
was certain Hawkins needed me alive. In the end, there
were only the two of us, ragged and emaciated wretches
staggering on in a timeless delirium of pain and dread. It
was nothing less than a living death.
"At last we emerged from the jungle and climbed onto
the windswept tableland of central Asia. Still the journey

seemed endless. I had no idea of where we were going
anymore, for all I made a show of consulting the map over
and over so that Hawkins would not kill me. Each night I
dreamed of the black and forbidding Plateau of Leng,
which was revealed to me in a series of visions, its ruins
and artificial caverns of shocking antiquity, perhaps older
even than mankind itself, as were the immemorial
blasphemies of the Chan-Tzo.
"What Hawkins dreamed, I cannot say. His speech
had ceased to be coherent, except on the point of
threatening me should I waver from our purpose. I knew he
was insane then, and that I would die with him, likewise
insane, unless I could somehow escape his company.
"I was past thinking clearly. How fortunate, then, that
my plan was simplicity itself—almost the bare truth rather
than some contrived stratagem.
"I fell to the ground and refused to rise, no matter how
much Hawkins screamed that he would blow my brains out
with his pistol. I said I was dying, that his pistol would be a
mercy. He would offer me no mercy. I was counting on that.
Instead, he forced me to translate the map for him and
make notes as best I could. There was nothing to write with
by a thorn and my own blood, but I wrote, and when he was
satisfied, he laughed, folded the map into his pocket, took
all our remaining supplies, and left me to my fate on the
trackless, endless plain.
"And so we parted. I hoped I had sent him to Hell,

deliberately mixing up the directions so he'd end up only the
Devil knew where. He, of course, assumed I would be
vulture's meat before another day or two.
"But I did not die. Mad with fever and privation, my
mind filled with fantastic and horrible hallucinations, I
wandered for what might have been days or even weeks,
until, by the kindness of providence alone, I stumbled into
the camp of some nomads, who, seeing that I was a white
man, bore me on camel-back into the Chinese province of
Sinkiang and there turned me over to a trader, who brought
me to a missionary.
"This proved to be my salvation, both physical and
otherwise. I married the missionary's daughter, Abigail's
mother, and largely through the influence of her family I later
found a place on a much more respectable Anglo-French
expedition to Angkor. That was the true beginning of my
scientific career. Still the mysteries of the East haunted me,
but my cravings were directed into proper channels until I
achieved the renown I have today."
At this point Sir Humphrey paused. The only sound
was the slow ticking of a great clock in some other room.
Abigail Thurston's face was white from the shock of what
she had heard. She scarcely seemed to breathe. Holmes
sat very still, his chin held in his hand, staring into space.
I was the one who broke the silence.
"Surely, Sir Humphrey, there is more to the story than

that. I don't see how your luckless expedition or whatever
fate the rascal Hawkins must have met has anything to do
with the here and now."
Thurston's reaction was explosive.
"Damn it, man! It has everything to do with my
predicament and what may well be my inevitable fate.
But . . . you are right. There is more to tell. After many years
of roving the world, giving lectures, publishing books, after I
was knighted by the Queen—after my past life seemed a
bad dream from which I had finally awakened—I thought I
was safe. But it was not to be. This past fortnight I began

to receive communications from the fiend Hawkins!"
"Communications?" said Holmes. "How so?"
"There. On the desk."
Holmes reached over and opened an ornately carven,
lacquered box, removing a sheaf of papers. He glanced at
them briefly and gave them to me.
"What do you make of them, Watson?"
"I cannot read the writing. The paper is an Oriental
rice-paper. The penmanship shows the author to be under
considerable mental strain, perhaps intoxicated. Notice the
frequent scratchings and blottings. Beyond that, I can make
out nothing."
Sir Humphrey spoke. "The language is an archaic—
some would say degenerate—form of Burmese, the script
a kind of code used by criminals in the Far East. Between
these two elements, I am perhaps the only living man who

can read what is written here, for Wendall Hawkins is not
alive, if his words are to be believed."
"Surely if he is dead," said Holmes, "your troubles are
at an end."
"No, Mr. Holmes, they are not, for all of these letters
were written after Hawkins's death—long after it. It seems
that he reached the Plateau of Leng, which I saw only in
visions. There the almost sub-human priests of the ChanTzo murdered him after what might have been years of
indescribable tortures, then brought him back into a kind of
half-life as an animate corpse at their command, hideously
disfigured, the skin flayed from his face, his heart ripped
out, the cavity in his chest filled with inextinguishable fire.
He is implacable now, driven both by the will of his masters
and his own rage for revenge against me, whom he blames
for his unending agony. He knows all the secrets of the
Chan-Tzo priests, and the conjuring of death-fetches is
easily within his power."
"He says all that in these letters?" I asked.
"That and more, Dr. Watson, and if it is true, I am
defenseless. My only hope is that Mr. Holmes and yourself
can prove me to be deluded, the victim of a hoax
perpetrated by the vile Hawkins who has no doubt returned,
but returned, I still dare to hope, as no more than a mortal
villain. If you can do this, I certainly have the means to
reward you handsomely for your services."
"My services are charged on a fixed scale," said

Holmes, "but let us not concern ourselves with the monetary
details now. I shall indeed collar this Hawkins for you and
unmask his devices—which I am sure would make the
tricks of our English spirit mediums child's play in
comparison—but they are devices none the less. For what
else can they be?"
"Mr. Holmes, I will be forever in your debt."
"We shall watch and wait until Hawkins is forced to
show his hand. But first, I think Dr. Watson should escort
Miss Abigail to a safer place, my own rooms, which I shall
not be needing until this affair is concluded." When
Thurston's daughter made to protest, Holmes turned to her
and said, "You have been a heroine, but now that the battle
is actually joined, I think it best that you remove yourself
from the field. Will you go with Dr. Watson?"
"Whatever you say, Mr. Holmes."
"Splendid. Now I must busy myself examining the
house inside and out, to discover any way our enemy might
use to gain entrance."
Thurston picked up the elephant gun and lay it across
his lap, then began idly polishing the barrel with a cloth.
"I've survived five days like this. I think I shall be safe
here behind the locked door for a little while longer yet. Your
plan makes excellent sense, Mr. Holmes."
We left Sir Humphrey alone in the room. As Holmes
and I escorted Miss Thurston down the stairs, the detective
asked me, "Well, Watson, what do you think?"

"A unique case, Holmes. One worthy of your talents."
"About Sir Humphrey. What about him?"
"I judge him to be of fundamentally sound mind, but
what superstitious fears he may harbor are being played
upon by the murderous Hawkins, who sounds himself to be
completely mad."
"Mad or not, he shall have to manifest himself in a
decidedly material form before long, at which point he will
be susceptible to capture by mundane means."
"One thing doesn't fit, Holmes. Who, or what, did we
see upon our arrival here? Sir Humphrey hadn't been out of
the room."
"An impostor, possibly a trained actor in league with
Hawkins. I agree that all the pieces of the puzzle are not yet
in place. But have patience. You know my methods."
"I am so glad that you and Dr. Watson will help Father,"
Miss Thurston said softly as we reached the base of the
stairs. "You are sent from Heaven, both of you."
Holmes smiled indulgently. "Not from nearly so far, but
we shall do what we can."
Alas, we could do but little. As we stood there at the
base of the stairs and I helped Miss Thurston on with her
coat, she turned and chanced to look back up the stairs.
Suddenly she screamed.
"Good God!" I exclaimed.
Near the top of the stairs was a figure who appeared
to be Sir Humphrey, but dressed for the outside, in coat

and top hat, as we had seen him before. He could not have
gotten past us.
"You! Stop!" Holmes was already in pursuit, bounding
up the steps three at a time.
The figure moved so swiftly the eye could hardly follow,
and soft-footedly. I heard only Holmes's boots pounding on
the wooden stairs. Then there came a cry from within the
study. Sir Humphrey shouted something in a foreign
language, his tone that of abject terror, his words broken off
in a gurgling scream. The elephant gun went off with a
thunderous roar.
I left Miss Thurston and hurried up after Holmes. By the
time I reached the study door, which was blown apart from
the inside as if a cannonball had gone through it, Holmes
was inside.
He rushed out again, his eyes wild, his face bloodless,
and he saw Miss Abigail Thurston coming up behind me.
"For the love of God, Watson! Don't let her in!"
"Father!" she screamed. "Oh, you must let me pass!"
For all she struggled, I held her fast.
"Watson! Do not let her through no matter what
happens! It is just . . . too horrible!"
I think that was the only time I ever saw Sherlock
Holmes truly shocked, at a loss for words.
I forced Miss Thurston back down the stairs despite
her vehement protests, holding onto her until the police
arrived, which they did shortly, summoned by the neighbors

who had heard the screams and the shot. Only after she
had been conveyed away in a police wagon, accompanied
by a patrolman, was I able to examine the body of Sir
Humphrey Thurston, who was indeed murdered, as I had
feared.
Though still seated in his chair, he had been mutilated
hideously, almost beyond recognition.
His throat was cut from ear to ear. That was enough to
have killed him. But the flesh had been almost entirely torn
away from his face, and a strange series of symbols, like
the ones I had seen in the letters, had been carved in the
bare bone of his forehead. The crown of his skull had been
smashed in by some blunt instrument, and—it revolted me
to discover—most of his brain was gone.
The final detail was the worst, for it had been
deliberately designed to mock us. The still smoking
elephant gun lay across his lap, and, carefully placed so
that it would be reflected in the mirrored surface of the
polished gun barrel, was a small jade idol with emerald
eyes, a stylized figure of a bat-winged dog.
"Yes, Holmes," I said, "it is entirely too horrible."
Dr Watson stopped telling the story, and I, the
nineteen-year-old American college student, could only
gape at him open-mouthed, like some imbecile, trying not
to reach the attractively obvious conclusion that the good
doctor's mind had gone soft after so many years. It was a

terrible thing, just to entertain such a notion. I almost wept.
I would have remained there forever, frozen where I
sat, wordless, had not Dr. Watson gone on.
"It was a case which I could not record, which Holmes
ordered me to suppress on pain of the dissolution of our
friendship. It just didn't work out."
"Wh-what do you mean, didn't work out?"
"I mean exactly that. The affair concluded too quickly
and ended in abject failure. We accomplished nothing. He
would have no more of the matter, the specifics, as he
acidly phrased it, being left to the 'official imagination,'
which, sure enough, concluded the murder to be the work of
a madman or madmen, perhaps directed by a sinister
Oriental cult, a new Thuggee. But even the police could not
account for the powerful stench of decay which lingered in
the explorer's study even long after the body had been
removed, as if something long dead had invaded, done its
worst, and departed as inexplicably as it had come.
"Enormous pressure was brought to bear to prevent
any accurate reportage in the newspapers, to prevent
panic. I think those instructions came from the very highest
level. Sir Humphrey's obituary, ironically, listed the cause of
his demise as an Asiatic fever. I signed the death
certificate to that effect.
"My own conclusions were profoundly disturbing. The
mystery could not be resolved. What we—even Miss
Thurston—had witnessed were not merely unlikely, but

impossible.
"'I reject the impossible,' said Holmes vehemently, 'as
a matter of policy. Such things cannot be—'
"'You and I and the girl saw, Holmes. They are.'
"'No, Watson! No! The irrational has no place in
detective work. We must confine ourselves to the tangible
and physical, carefully building upon meticulous reason, or
else the whole edifice of my life's work crumbles into dust.
Against the supernatural, I am helpless, my methods of no
use. My methods have been useful in the past, don't you
think? And so they shall be in the future, but we must remain
within certain bounds, and so preserve them.'"
Again I, the college boy, was left speechless.
"Holmes made me swear an oath—and I swore it—
never to write up this case—and I never wrote it—"
Had he, in a sense at least, broken his oath by telling
me? I dared not ask. Was there some urgency now, of
which had lately become aware?
"I wanted to tell someone," was all he said. "I thought I
should."
King Midas. Ass's ears. Who will believe the wind in
the reeds?
I merely know that a week after I returned to school in
America I received a telegram saying that Dr. Watson had
died peacefully of heart failure, sitting in that very chair by
the fire. A week later a parcel arrived with a note from one

of my aunts, expressing some bewilderment that he had
wanted me to have the contents.
It was the idol of the bat-winged dog.

The Shocking Affair of the
Dutch Steamship
Friesland
by Mary Robinette Kowal
Mary Robinette Kowal is the author of several short
stories, including "Evil Robot Monkey," which is a
current finalist for the Hugo Award. Her short fiction
has appeared in Asimov's, Strange Horizons,
Cosmos, and Escape Pod, and in the anthologies
Twenty Epics, The Solaris Book of New Science
Fiction Vol. 2 , and Gardner Dozois's The Year's Best
Science Fiction. Her first novel, Shades of Milk and
Honey, is forthcoming from Tor Books. Kowal was
also the 2008 winner of the John W. Campbell Award
for Best New Writer, and when not writing she works
as a professional puppeteer.
Men are notoriously reluctant to get married, and when
you look at the history of weddings, who can blame
them? After all, weddings are pretty dangerous places.
The marriage of Claudius and Gertrude in Hamlet
ends in what can only be termed tragedy. Good night,

sweet prince. In fact, good night just about everybody.
In Monty Python and the Holy Grail, a misinformed Sir
Lancelot rampages through a wedding party, slaying
many, including the best man. And these are small
potatoes compared to truly disastrous affairs such as
the Saint Bartholomew's Day Massacre of 1572, in
which a controversial Catholic-Protestant marriage
touched off a wave of violence that eventually claimed
as many as thirty-thousand lives. Is it any wonder that
men stay away? It's simple prudence, really. In Conan
Doyle's story "The Adventure of the Norwood Builder,"
Watson mentions in passing the "shocking affair of the
Dutch steamship Friesland, which so nearly cost us
both our lives." Our next story imagines what this
evocatively titled case might have entailed—it involves
a naive young woman, a royal couple, a glassblower,
and the darker side of Italian politics. And oh yes, also
a wedding.
I was born Rosa Carlotta Silvana Grisanti, but in the
mid-Eighties, I legally changed my name to Eve. As you
have guessed in your letter, after the shocking affair of the
Dutch steamship Friesland, my dear friends Dr. Watson
and Mr. Sherlock Holmes suggested that my safest course
of action would be to distance myself from my family.
But I get ahead of my story; I have not Dr. Watson's gift
for explaining Mr. Holmes's methods, and I fear your wish

that I relay the particulars of this strange case may be met
with inadequate measures.
On the twelfth of October, 1887, I was being taken by
the steamship Friesland from our home on the Venetian
isle of Murano to Africa; there to meet my betrothed, Hans
Boerwinkle, a man several years my senior with whom my
father had very recently made arrangements. Living as we
do now, in the nineteen-twenties, it is difficult to remember
what a sheltered life we girls led forty years ago, but at the
time it seemed natural that my brother, Orazio Rinaldo
Paride Grisanti, escorted me as chaperone. With us also
was my lady's maid, Anita.
In addition to my trousseau, we had several boxes
packed with the finest Murano crystal as part of my dowry.
My father had blown glass without cessation after my
betrothal was announced. I remember Zia Giulia asking,
"What is the hurry?" At the time, I was only anxious to be an
adult, which was all that marriage meant to me.
I can still recall my excitement at dinner the first
evening as glittering ladies and gentlemen, in full evening
dress, caught me in a dazzle of delight. Orazio and I were
seated at a table with two British gentlemen and a couple
from Hungary; at the captain's table sat Signore Agostino
Depretis, the premier of Italy, with his new bride, Signora
Michela Depretis. As I anticipated my own wedding and
honeymoon, I envied the young woman and the way all eyes
sought her.

But I should not dwell on my youthful fancies. The two
British gentlemen, as you might have surmised, introduced
themselves as Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Mr. Holmes delighted me by having an excellent
command of Italian, and asked us endless questions about
glassblowing. While we bantered, Signore and Signora
Comazzolo, a rival glassblower family, who also sailed on
the Friesland, sent a bottle of expensive champagne to the
bridal couple.
My brother's eyes narrowed, then laying his hand upon
my arm, he said in Italian, "Would you send them a gift as
well, though it means parting with a small item from your
dowry?"
"Papa will send me more." I smiled at him. "I shall write
a note myself."
Orazio gestured to Anita and gave her hurried
instructions. In moments she returned with a small box
containing a matched pair of opalescent champagne flutes
ornamented by delicate tracings of crystal. I quickly penned
the note that you have in your possession.
A foolish note, from a foolish girl, but—how was I to
know what was to follow? Before the ink was dry, my
brother snatched the note and fairly sprinted across the
dining room. Bowing at the captain's table, he presented
the box of flutes to Premiere Depretis and his bride. She
laughed prettily, and kissed him on both cheeks to thank
him.

I do not boast when I say the artistry of these flutes was
without peer. My father was a brilliant glassblower; no other
studio knew the secret of his opalescent glass, and of its
shifting colours that bent light into translucent rainbows.
Nothing would do then but for the bridal couple to open
the champagne and toast the assembly with these
confections of glass. The champagne's bubbles danced as
merrily as if they were celebrating with us.
Premiere Depretis said, "Ladies and gentlemen, with
this lovely Murano glass I propose a toast to my fellow
countrymen and to my beautiful wife. Long life and health to
us all."
They drank their champagne and kissed each other
with love in their eyes while we looked on, applauding
wildly. Signore Comazzolo, perhaps jealous that our flutes
had upstaged his champagne, called out. "How is the
champagne, Premiere?"
Premiere Depretis bowed to him before burying his
nose in his glass to inhale the bouquet of the champagne.
"An elegant nose with nuances of honey, gingerbread,
parsley and slight hints of garlic." He sipped the
champagne again, savouring it. "Minerality, pears and a
bright acidity. Delightful."
We applauded again, perhaps even more wildly than
before. I sat, breathless with delight, darting glances at the
bridal couple over each course. The first course was
oysters and my brother ordered a bottle of champagne so

that we could celebrate "in the same style as our Premiere
and Signora Depretis."
During the second course, Signora Depretis excused
herself and I looked up as she stood. Her face was pale,
and she held her hand to her abdomen as if her stomach
hurt. Premiere Depretis escorted her from the dining room,
his own face tight.
"What is the matter, do you think?" I asked Orazio.
He shrugged. "Perhaps the oysters."
During the rest of my meal, I imagined stomach pains
until, feeling nauseous, I excused myself during the fourth
course.
The next day, neither Depretis came to dinner.
The third day, my lady's maid, Anita, announced that
two men waited in my parlour
"Where is my brother?" I asked.
She shook her head, smiling apologetically, "I do not
know, Signorina."
I hesitated to step into the parlour unchaperoned, so I
motioned Anita to accompany me. You must imagine my
relief to find my dinner companions, Dr. Watson and Mr.
Holmes, awaiting me.
Here, I must pause to give you a word picture of Mr.
Holmes. He towered above me, indeed, even among most
men his lean figure loomed like a hawk. His dark shaggy
brows pulled down in an expression of fixed concentration

from the moment I stepped into the parlour and his eyes
gleamed with a fire of excitement.
"How are you, Signorina Grisanti?" he asked in
flawless Italian.
Dr. Watson hung back and watched our conversation
with the eager interest of a newspaper reporter, in the
scene but not part of it.
"I am well, thank you, Signore Holmes." I wondered for
a moment if I might ask him for news of Premiere and
Signora Depretis.
"The Depretises are dead." Mr. Holmes said, bluntly.
I gasped, both at the news and at how easily he read
my thoughts. "The oysters?"
"Their nuptial toast was poisoned." Mr. Holmes gave
me a long searching look. "Do you know where your brother
is?"
"No." My attention was barely upon him, so horrified
was I by the thought of that happy couple murdered.
Assassinated.
"Well then, we shall chat with you while we wait for him,
if you do not mind?"
I shook my head.
He folded himself into one of the cabin's chairs. Dr.
Watson sat in a chair to the side, holding so still that in my
memory he is almost invisible. Mr. Holmes leaned forward
to put his elbows on his knees. "Tell me about your
approaching nuptials."

I blushed and stammered but proceeded to tell him
about my recent betrothal to Mr. Boerwinkle and his
business arrangements with Papa. About how I was
moving to Africa but Papa could not accompany me
because he was busy with the upcoming elections helping
with the campaign for the Left. I told him about my dress; in
other words, I acted every inch the vain, silly girl that I was.
In the midst of my recitation, Mr. Holmes hesitated and
then asked. "May we look at your dowry?"
"Of course." I beckoned Anita and she helped the
gentlemen unpack the crates of crystal. I hovered, anxious
and useless, as they lay the sparkling glass and crystal
about the cabin with infinite care. Mr. Holmes stopped to
admire an opalescent vase, which my father had made to
serve as a centrepiece for our table.
He glanced at the matched rows of clear stemware
and back at the vase. "Did you have only the flutes and the
vase in this style of glass?"
"Yes." I stepped forward to admire the piece. "No
other glassmaker knows how to produce the opalescence
and even my father rarely makes it."
"Has he produced opalescent stemware, such as the
champagne flutes, before?"
I tilted my head and thought. "Not that I know of, but I
am not often in the shop."
Mr. Holmes lifted the vase to his nose and, to my
bewilderment, sniffed it. "Hmm. No help there. Help me put

everything back, would you, Dr. Watson?"
I was thankful that Dr. Watson looked as baffled as I
felt, but he said nothing and simply helped Mr. Holmes
repack everything except the vase. Mr. Holmes turned to
me and said, "I am sorry for the inconvenience, Signorina
Grisanti. Do let me know when your brother returns." He
bowed over my hand and he and Dr. Watson took their
leave.
I stared at the door after them and then picked up the
vase and sniffed it. I smelled nothing.
Some hours later Orazio sauntered into the room.
"Well, little Rosa, how do you like your first ocean voyage?"
"I am frightened. Dr. Watson and Signore Holmes said
—"
He crossed the room in one stride and grabbed my
wrists. "What did you tell them?"
"Nothing!" I twisted in his painful grasp. "I had nothing
to say. I do not understand what is happening. Orazio, they
said the champagne was poisoned."
He dropped my wrists and stepped back, smiling. "Did
they now?"
"How can you smile when the Depretises have been
murdered?"
He laughed. "Why, my dear sister, do you think we are
on this boat?"
The successive shocks I received that night had

hardened my nerves, or perhaps I had already begun to
accept the truth. With a click, the pieces came together in
my head, along with something I had not told Mr. Holmes. I
knew how my father made the glass. I could not let Orazio
guess at my thoughts and I forced myself to answer him as
the foolish girl he thought me to be: "I'm supposed to get
married."
He turned, smiling, relief written on his face. "Yes, my
beautiful Rosa. That is true." He kissed me on the
forehead. "I am exhausted and it is long past time that you
retired for the evening."
I twisted my fingers together, faint with the awareness
of what my brother had done. Had his only target been
Premiere Depretis, perhaps I would not have felt as
horrified, but the memory of Signora Depretis kissing my
brother on his cheeks, thanking him for bringing her death,
sickened me. The realization that I could, perhaps, have
prevented it tore at my soul. "All the excitement has me
overwrought. Do you think it would be all right if I walked on
deck to cool my head?"
Orazio squeezed my hands. "I am too tired to escort
you."
"Anita will serve." I smiled coquettishly, masking the
anguish over what I must do. "Or did you want to dazzle the
young ladies yourself?"
Laughing, my brother kissed my cheeks. "Go on,
Rosa, but do not walk too late."

I called Anita and we went to the upper decks. You
have asked about Mr. Holmes, so I will not trouble you with
the thoughts of my long promenade. Know that the night air
cooled my fevered temples and gave me the resolution I
needed. Anita walked with me through the decks until we
arrived at Mr. Holmes's stateroom. I blushed, thinking of
how it looked for an unmarried young woman to seek a
man at this hour and then in the next instant I shook my
head at my foolishness. What mattered my reputation on
such a night as this?
Still, the sounds of an unearthly violin haunting the night
nearly undid me but I gathered my resolve and knocked on
the door. It opened to a cloud of blue-smoke, swirling about
like that in the chimney of my father's furnace.
"Miss Grisanti?" Dr. Watson seemed so shocked at
my appearance that he forgot to speak Italian and his next
sentence fell on uncomprehending ears.
Mr. Holmes tucked his violin under his arm and said in
excellent Italian, "Be courteous, Dr. Watson, Signorina
Grisanti doesn't have a word of English. Won't you come
in?"
I shook my head. "I have come simply to tell you that
my brother has returned. He knew the glass was poisoned,
and it was the glass, Signore Holmes, not the champagne."
Mr. Holmes leaned forward on his toes. My breath
caught at his eagerness, but I somehow found the air to
continue speaking. "The opalescence is caused by arsenic

powder blown with the glass."
"In the glass, not on the surface!" He spun happily and
pointed his bow at Dr. Watson. "That explains why my tests
failed to detect it."
I felt close to fainting. "But you surely suspected, else
you would not have come to look at my dowry."
His bushy eyebrows arched and I blushed under his
scrutiny. "Your observation is astute," he said. "Premiere
and Signora Depretis's symptoms began at dinner shortly
after their champagne toast. The note of garlic, which
Premiere Depretis noticed in the champagne, led me to
suspect arsenic. The champagne combined with arsenic
would have produced arsine gas, which was consistent with
the Depretis's symptoms, but there was no arsenic residue
in the bottle, so I turned my attention to the flutes. Your
mention of your father's involvement with politics provided a
motive, but I could not deduce the method."
Dr. Watson stepped forward, asking, "You must know
what this means for your father and your brother?"
"I do." I looked down and wrapped my arms about
myself, feeling the hard bones of my corset and wishing
they could protect me. "My father has chafed against the
government since Italy annexed Venezia in 1871 and my
rapid engagement to Mr. Boerwinkle must be a sham to
give us reason to be here. I am certain that Orazio would
have presented these flutes at another time, but took the
opportunity to discredit the Comazzolo family. I know what

is at stake and—" my voice faltered but I drew my head up
higher. "I will not be a pawn. Their treachery is
dishonourable."
From my readings of Dr. Watson's papers, I suspect
this is one of the few times Mr. Holmes was ever taken
aback—not at my answers, but that a young girl could have
changed so, in the hours since he had interviewed me.
"Signorina Grisanti, you are a noble woman. I thank you."
"I will walk on deck awhile longer." I turned to go,
conscious that I had betrayed my brother and my father—
but had they not betrayed my youthful ideals more? Had
they not traded my hope for death? Over my shoulder, I
asked, "Will you be able to complete your business before I
return?"
"Yes." The smoke swirling in the room created the
illusion of mist sweeping over his eyes.
I walked on deck for hours, before returning to my
empty cabin. The too-tidy room betrayed signs of a
struggle, which some kind soul had neatened. A folded
piece of paper waited for me on the table by my lacework. I
enclose it now, to complete your record of this remarkable
man.
"My dear Signorina Grisanti,
"I applaud the fine intellect that brought you so swiftly to
understand the intricacies of the situation. I regret that I
have received a telegram indicating your betrothed, Mr.
Boerwinkle, is also in league against the current Italian

government. With this first step, it seems certain they
intended to shift the ruling party of Italia to the Left. Your
father and brother have been taken into custody for the
assassination and will be duly tried."
"With these facts, it seems apparent you cannot return
home, nor can you continue your voyage. Dr. Watson and I
are departing the ship tomorrow and wish to offer you safe
conduct."
"I await your reply,"
"Sherlock Holmes."
I wept. I wept for the truth of his words, for the loss of
my home, and for the loss of my innocence. I wept till Anita
came to me and held me in her arms, singing to me and
comforting me for the lost child that I was.
We departed the ship the next day. On Mr. Holmes's
urging, I changed my name to Eve V—and I never saw my
family again. Until I received your letter, I had seen the
name Grisanti only once, in a newspaper report of the
arrest and execution of my brother, Orazio Rinaldo Paride
Grisanti. I would not read a paper for years after—lest I see
a notice of my father's trial, and know I had killed him.
Now you have my account to add to the ones Dr.
Watson left of Mr. Sherlock Holmes and so, I will close by
signing my old name, for the whole affair belongs to a girl
much different from me.
Sincerely yours,
Rosa Carlotta Silvana Grisanti.

The Adventure of the
Mummy's Curse
by H. Paul Jeffers
H. Paul Jeffers is the author of many works of fiction
and non-fiction, the most recent of which is Taking
Command, the first biography of World War II general
J. Lawton Collins. He has written many other
biographies as well, including several volumes about
President Teddy Roosevelt. His other non-fiction work
ranges wildly from books like Freemasons: Inside the
World's Oldest Secret Society to With an Axe: 16
Horrific Accounts of Real-Life Axe Murderers to The
Complete Idiot's Guide to the Great Depression. In
the realm of Sherlockiana, in addition to this story,
Jeffers is the author of the novels The Adventure of
the Stalwart Companions and Murder Most Irregular,
as well as The Forgotten Adventures of Sherlock
Holmes, a book of stories based on the original radio
plays by Anthony Boucher and Denis Green.
"Death will slay with his wings whoever disturbs the
peace of the pharaoh." This inscription was

supposedly found carved on a stone tablet by British
explorers Howard Carter and George Herbert when
they opened the tomb of the Egyptian king
Tutankhamun. It's said that when the men entered the
tomb, all the lights in Cairo went out and Herbert's
three-legged dog dropped dead. Herbert himself soon
followed, felled by a mosquito bite. Carter's pet canary
was also killed, in a freak cobra accident, and before
long two dozen members of the expedition had died
under mysterious circumstances, victims of the
mummy's curse. Or that's the story anyway. Numerous
explanations have been advanced to explain the
misfortune that befell the expedition. In 1986 Dr.
Caroline Stenger-Phillip proposed the intriguing notion
that the explorers had been sickened by exposure to
mold and bacteria that had been preserved in the
hermetically sealed tomb. However, a 2002 statistical
analysis in the British Medical Journal concluded that
members of the expedition had not in fact died
significantly faster than the general population. The
"curse" was a media myth, albeit one that's inspired a
lot of great entertainment, including our next tale.
In the three years following my introduction to Sherlock
Holmes in the chemistry lab of St. Bart's hospital by our
mutual friend Stamford—resulting in Holmes and me
sharing lodgings in Baker Street—I had grown accustomed

to Holmes's investigations beginning with the arrival of a
telegram or letter, our landlady announcing an unexpected
caller, or the plodding footsteps of a Scotland Yard
detective ascending the stairs with a grudging appeal for
assistance. On one or two instances I happened to be the
instrument that launched Holmes upon what he commonly
called "a problem." Such was the occasion on a warm April
evening in 1883. We had barely settled into our chairs in
the sitting room of 221B Baker Street on the second
evening following our return from the Surrey home of the
villainous Dr. Grimesby Roylott when Holmes bolted from
his chair and declared, "Watson, our exertions in this
singular episode at Stoke Moran have earned us the
reward of a superb dinner."
Half an hour later, we were seated in Simpson's-in-the
Strand. As always when Holmes patronized that venerable
establishment, our table in the upstairs dining room was
next to a large window overlooking the busy thoroughfare.
"In this passing parade of humanity," he had said in
explanation on a previous occasion, "and in a city of four
million inhabitants, all jostling one another, there is no telling
what convergence of events or trifling happenstance might
unloose a chain of events resulting in a calamity, or simply
one of those incidents that seem whimsical on the surface,
but are rife with dire consequences for those involved."
While Holmes alternately peered down to study the
constantly changing street tableau, he picked at the roast
beef that had been carved from one of the immense silver

trolleys, known as "dining wagons," which had been the
hallmark of Simpson's since it opened its doors in 1848. I
was enjoying a steak, kidney, and mushroom pudding for
which the restaurant was equally and justifiably renowned.
As I glanced around the crowded, festive room, I was
astonished to see a comrade from my army service striding
boldly towards our table.
A burly figure in the uniform of my former regiment, the
Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and with a shock of unruly
red hair that had among his fellow officers earned him the
nickname "Rusty," Major James McAndrew would have
been an arresting figure anywhere, but making his way
across the large dining room he was especially noticeable
because of a bandage encircling his head like a laurel
wreath. As he drew near our table, he flung out his powerful
arms and bellowed, "By Jove, it really is you, Watson!"
"Rusty, my dear friend," said I, rising to grip his large
hand. "This is a surprise. I had no idea you were in
England. How good it is to see you. May I present my
friend, Sherlock—"
"No introduction is required, John. It's an honour to
meet you, Mr. Holmes. As a devoted reader of Watson's
accounts of your investigations in The Strand Magazine, I
assume that your keen eyes have taken my measure and
your detective's mind has deduced my entire life story."
"I wouldn't go so far as to say that I know everything
about your life, Major," Holmes replied as they shook

hands, "but the tattoo of a ship below a cross on your left
wrist and one of a mermaid on the right are evidence that
you went to sea as a very young man. They are in the
unmistakable style of a particular practitioner of body
adornment who worked the Portsmouth docks three
decades ago."
"Right you are!"
"How long it has been since you gave up seafaring for
the army is impossible to state."
"Because my father had been a captain in the navy
and thought I had the makings of an officer, I shipped out in
1845 at the age of thirteen, but after five years, I decided
that I'd rather be in the army. Earning the rank of Major took
another twenty. What else have you observed?"
"You are a man of exceptional ability, courage, loyalty,
and patriotism. All of these virtues are evidenced by your
lifetime of service to your country. You are also adventurous
and impetuous. I deduce from these traits that you switched
to the army because you craved more excitement."
"It was at the time of the Great Mutiny. My blood was
boiling to punish the Mughals and Muslims for their perfidy,
after all that we had done for the good of India. This is
fascinating, Mr. Holmes. Please continue."
"Although the ring finger of your left hand indicates that
you are not married," said Holmes, "I'm certain that a man
of your dashing countenance and demeanor has not lacked
opportunities to engage in affairs of the heart. You felt

strongly enough about one woman called Elizabeth to have
her name placed under the tattoo of the mermaid."
"That is true, sir, but I decided early on that the hard life
of a sailor and later of the army on the northwest frontier of
India in the aftermath of the Mutiny was not one that a
gentleman should impose on the gentle sex."
"Beyond these observations, Major, I note only that you
have been quite lucky in your life in that you have returned
to England from the wars of the East with your body
evidently intact and your spirit unbroken, undoubtedly
because of a deeply religious nature that is indicated by the
tattoo of the cross, and may I say, because of the
strengthening of your faith by your participation in the rites
and rituals of Freemasonry?"
"I see how you reached your conclusions concerning
my naval and military life—it's quite simple, really. But on
what basis can you state with such conviction that I am a
Mason?"
"You revealed it yourself."
"Really! I don't recall—"
"I know that Watson is a Master Mason. You and he
greeted one another with the unique handshake of those
who have attained the third degree of Masonry, therefore
you are also a Master. What I cannot state with conviction is
whether you joined the fraternity before or after you entered
into the army. As Watson will attest, I never guess."
"I was accepted as Entered Apprentice in a military

lodge when I arrived in Bombay in 1873 and raised to
Fellowcraft a year later in Calcutta. I received the apron of
the Master Mason in 1879 in the lodge of the Fifth Fusiliers
at the time of the Second Afghan War. I am proud to say
that Watson presided over the induction ceremony as Most
Worshipful Master."
Recalling that moment with pleasure and pride, I
interjected, "I was honored to do so."
"When you were transferred to service with the
Berkshires, I lost track of you. I later heard through the
grapevine that you had been wounded and were sent
home. The next thing I knew, you had become an associate
and chronicler of the world's most illustrious private
detective. It's wonderful to see you again, John, and to
observe that you seem to have fully recovered from your
wound. I must say, you look smashingly well."
"Now and then I feel a twinge in my leg to remind me of
that bloody day."
"You've had quite an injury yourself, Major," Holmes
observed.
Raising a hand to the bandage and gingerly touching
it, McAndrew replied, "Receiving this bump was nothing as
romantic as the Jezail bullet that felled John at Maiwand."
"How did your injury happen?"
"I was struck a glancing blow by a tile that had become
dislodged and fell from the roof of my quarters in Pimlico
Road near the Chelsea Barracks."

"You're a fortunate fellow," I said. "You could have
been killed."
"Indeed so. In my case, the mummy's curse does
appear to have gone amiss, but perhaps only because I
was a minor member of the expedition that disturbed the
old gent's bones. I am not a believer in the occult, but this
incident has almost made me one."
Leaning forwards with a look of astonishment, Holmes
exclaimed, "Such an extraordinary statement requires
elucidation, Major."
"Yes, I suppose it does, but I'm afraid that I've kept you
from enjoying your meal long enough. Another time,
perhaps."
"Really, Major," said Holmes insistently, "I cannot allow
you to refer to your injury as the result of a mummy's curse,
then go off and leave Dr. Watson and me to simply go on
eating as if nothing were more important than our next
course. Draw up that chair and tell us everything from the
beginning."
"I am not one of our countrymen who takes an interest
in the so-called supernatural," said McAndrew as he
seated himself, "but, as you observed, Mr. Holmes, I am a
man of faith. You cannot be a Freemason and not believe in
a Supreme Architect of the Universe."
"Quite so," said I. "It's the cornerstone of the Craft."
"Because I am a Christian," McAndrew continued, "I
made my way homeward from my service in Afghanistan by

way of the Holy Land. I naturally visited the biblical city of Ur
and the rivers of Mesopotamia. After a few days in
Baghdad, I continued to Jerusalem. I wished to see the
Jewish Temple Mount, now claimed by the Mohammedans
as their third most holy shrine, and to visit the Church of the
Holy Sepulcher. Because I am an amateur archaeologist, I
was also interested in exploring the discoveries of Edward
Robinson, Charles Warren, and, of course, General
Charles Gordon. As you know, he has located a skullshaped hill and a nearby garden that he has identified as
the true location of Calvary and Our Lord's burial place,
rather than the tomb in the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, as
the Roman Catholics believe. After my explorations of the
Holy City, I journeyed to Cairo to have a look at the
pyramids of the Giza Plateau and the Sphinx. During my
stay at the Mena House, a very fine old hostelry in the
shadow of the Great Pyramid of Cheops, I chanced to meet
Basil Porter. He is a nephew of Lord Porter, under whose
auspices a dig had been organised. He graciously invited
me to join them. The expedition was led by Professor Felix
Broadmoor of Cambridge University. Perhaps you've heard
of it."
"The newspapers were full of it, and rightly so," I said
emphatically. "I expect that Her Majesty will presently
recognize its achievements with the appropriate honours."
"As well she should," said McAndrew. "However, Lord
Porter has been subjected to a firestorm of criticism from
some quarters for not consigning the expedition's finds to

the nation by turning everything over to the British Museum."
"I'm certain that will eventually be sorted out," said
Holmes. "Please go on with your story and the matter of the
mummy's curse."
"The expedition was hoping to locate tombs from the
period of the Sixth Dynasty king named Raneferef. We did
not find a royal sarcophagus, but located the burial place of
a minor official called Sarenput. It was a discovery of
breathtaking riches. Believe me, gentlemen, nothing I had
seen of the wealth of Indian maharajahs matched the
treasures that we unearthed. The mummy itself was in an
excellent state of preservation in a tomb that had escaped
the grave robbers that through the millennia have looted so
many burial chambers, perhaps because of the curse that
had been carved into the door of the main chamber. It was
so chilling that it is etched in my memory so indelibly that I
can recite it exactly: 'The priest of Hathor will punish any of
you who enters this sacred tomb or does harm to it. The
gods will confront him because I am honoured by his Lord.
Anyone who desecrates my tomb will drown, burn, be
beaten, and be destroyed by the crocodile, hippopotamus,
and lion. The scorpion and the cobra will strike him. Stones
will crush the trespasser.'"
"Ah, at last," Holmes exclaimed "Now, we're getting
somewhere. You have associated the stones of the curse
with your unfortunate encounter with the falling tile."
"I am not a superstitious man, but my injury, occurring

after some peculiar and tragic events since the conclusion
of the Porter-Broadmoor expedition, has caused me to
wonder if there might be something to this curse business."
"Your story becomes even more compelling," said
Holmes. "What were these peculiar events, as you so
colourfully put it?"
"The first was the collapse of a tunnel at the tomb site.
No one was injured or killed at that time, but we had to work
very rapidly to shore up the walls in order to extricate the
diggers."
"The next incident?"
"One of the ships carrying several larger artefacts from
the dig to England was lost in a Mediterranean storm.
Again, there was no loss of life or injury, but the artefacts
are now lying at a depth that leaves them unrecoverable."
"When did someone die?"
McAndrew smiled appreciatively. "I can see that Dr.
Watson in his writings has not exaggerated your facility at
deduction, Mr. Holmes. Several weeks ago, an expert in
Egyptian hieroglyphics who translated the curse, Anthony
Fulmer, was killed in a train wreck in Kent."
Recalling reading in the newspapers that several
persons had died, I muttered, "A terrible accident, indeed."
"What happened next?" asked Holmes.
"Last week Felix Broadmoor was waylaid in the night
by a robber on a street near his home in Cambridge. He
was so badly beaten that he died without recovering. The

police have attributed the incident to a gang of toughs who
have been plaguing the area. As far as I know, there have
been no arrests."
"How many individuals participated in the expedition?"
"Including diggers, carters, and others that we hired
from the local population, there were about two hundred.
Those who came out from England were Lord Porter, as
financial backer; his nephew Basil; an exceptional
Egyptologist from the BM named Geoffrey Desmond, who
is still in Cairo; Mr. Broadmoor; and Mr. Fulmer."
"Six men," I said, "two of whom are dead and yourself
injured. If one were inclined to believe in the occult, your
mummy's curse would seem to have taken quite a toll."
With a sigh, McAndrew replied, "I'm certain all of this is
pure coincidence, but it does provide me with a good
barracks yarn. I only wish I possessed the Watson talent for
spinning a riveting tale. When will I have the pleasure of
reading your next story in The Strand?"
"You will find it especially interesting, as it involves the
deadliest snake in India."
McAndrew shuddered. "The swamp adder?"
"Exactly, along with a whistle, a saucer of milk, a
ventilator, and a bell pull."
"Fascinating. I'm eager to read your account of the
case."
With a cautioning look at me, Holmes said, "There
were aspects of the affair, involving the young woman who

brought the matter to my attention, that I do not believe
would serve any useful purpose if they were made public at
this time. Don't you agree, Watson?"
"Quite so, Holmes."
With that, Major McAndrew repeated his concern that
he was keeping Holmes and me from our dinner, voiced a
hope that he and I might meet again soon to reminisce
about army days, and excused himself.
"Your friend has suddenly whetted my appetite for all
things Egyptian," Holmes said as the sergeant returned to
his table. "This interesting encounter has provided me
reason for us to call upon a remarkable man I have been
wanting to meet. When we return to Baker Street you can
look him up in the Index under P."
A set of commonplace books, the Index was an
alphabetized conglomeration of facts, snippets of data,
numerous press clippings, notations by Holmes on scraps
of paper, and trivia that Holmes had accumulated over a
period of decades that were as astonishing in scope as his
ability to recall the exact volume in which they were to be
found.
"The name you seek," said Holmes, "is William
Matthew Flinders Petrie."
On a biographical article torn from a two-month-old
edition of the Times, the item noted that Petrie was the
author of Stonehenge: Plans, Description, and Theories,
published in 1880, followed recently by The Pyramids and

Temples of Gizeh. "The son and namesake of a civil
engineer and professional surveyor, and the maternal
grandson of the famous navigator and explorer of the
coasts of Australia, Professor Flinders Petrie is a
remarkable man in his own right," declared the writer of the
article. "As with many great men, he had little formal
education, yet he has become a respected mathematician
and highly esteemed in the emerging field of Egyptology as
the father of modern archaeology."
Seated pensively in his favourite armchair and lighting
a long pipe as I continued to read, Holmes said, "I do not in
the least exaggerate when I state that Flinders Petrie's
methodology of precisely recording and preserving data
has raised the excavation of ancient sites from rooting
around aimlessly in the earth with a pick and shovel to a
science. You have often quoted me on the importance of
trifles. Well, this fellow leaves me in the dust, so to speak.
What I observe in the importance of cuffs of sleeves,
thumbnails, and the great issues that hang from a boot
lace, this man discerns in a shard of five-thousand-year-old
Egyptian pottery. As I can reconstruct a crime and deduce
the identity of a criminal from a cigar ash or an ink smudge
on a sheet of stationery, Flinders Petrie divines the
structure of an entire civilization."
Returning the "Index" to the shelf, I asked, "Where do
we locate this paradigm?"
"Where else but the British Museum? If you have

nothing to occupy you in the morning, I hope you will
accompany me to Bloomsbury. Following our consultation
with Flinders Petrie on the subject of mummy's curses, I
shall treat you to a fine midday meal at a nearby public
house, the Alpha Inn. I understand it is under new
ownership, so I doubt anyone will remember me, although I
spent many hours there after mornings in the Museum's
Great Reading Room when I resided around the corner in
Montague Place."
At eleven o'clock the next morning, as our hansom cab
rattled along Marylebone Road to the Euston Road then
turned down Gower Street, I allowed my mind to imagine
Holmes during the time he had dwelt in Bloomsbury.
Wondering what mysteries may have occupied his unique
powers of observation and deduction in the years before I
met him, and whether he would ever reveal them to me, I
looked at him out of the corner of my eye and found a figure
that had become familiar, yet always retained an air of
mystery. His body was next to me, but his mind was far
away. As we rode in the utter silence that I had learned to
expect on such occasions, he sat to my left with his head
turned slightly. He gazed through the window with a blank
expression that I knew masked a brain that was alert to
everything around him, but racing ahead in time in
anticipation of what he expected to learn from Flinders
Petrie on the subject of curses inscribed on the walls of
tombs.
When the cab slowed to turn into Great Russell Street,

my companion stirred, sighed, and muttered, "This was
where the wine merchant Vamberry had his shop. Poor
fellow. He was such a fool, wouldn't you agree, Watson?"
"How would I know? I have never heard the name."
"No, of course not. Before your time. Here we are! The
good old BM."
Leaping from the hansom, he dashed through the iron
gate, across the stone plaza, up the steps, and under the
portico of imposing pillars so quickly that I lagged behind.
As I caught up, a uniformed attendant was saying. "It's been
a long time, Mr. Holmes. What game is afoot today?
Blackmail? Robbery? A nice murder?"
"Perhaps, Mr. Dobbs. Perhaps," Holmes replied. "Call
it the adventure of the mummy's curse. Which way to the
office of Professor Flinders Petrie?"
"Up the stairs, past the Etruscan gallery, and straight
ahead. Last door on the right."
"Think of it, Watson," said Holmes as we hurried up
the steps and down a long corridor. "Within these
magnificent walls reposes the tangible history of mankind,
with its glories and tragedies catalogued and preserved,
gathered from the four corners of the globe in what is the
greatest gift to the world of the long reach of the British
Empire!"
"Indeed?" I said, breathlessly. "What about
parliamentary government?"
"Said like a true and loyal British citizen, Watson!"

Stopping before a plain door with a sign that announced
DEPT. OF EGYPTOLOGY, he exclaimed, "Here we are!
The domain of Flinders Petrie, unquestionably."
Three swift raps on the door produced from within the
room the reply, "It's open."
Entering the office, Holmes and I found a slight figure
with a neatly trimmed brown beard and moustache.
Wearing a white laboratory coat, he bent over a coal-black,
mummified corpse. Stepping boldly across the room,
Holmes said, "Professor Flinders Petrie, I presume."
Peering intently down at the mummy, the professor
replied, "You arrive at an auspicious moment, gentlemen.
This man is unquestionably of the Third Dynasty."
"Forgive the intrusion, Professor," said Holmes. "I am
Sherlock Holmes. This is my friend and associate, Dr. John
H. Watson. If our call upon you is an inconvenience, we can
return at a more opportune time."
"This chap has kept his secrets for nearly four
millennia, sir," replied Flinders Petrie, looking up. "A few
more minutes is of no consequence, Mr. Holmes. How may
I be of service?"
"You are very kind, sir. What can you tell us about the
Porter-Broadmoor expedition?"
The question was greeted with a puzzled expression.
"Before answering, Mr. Holmes, I must inquire as to whom
you represent. Are you here on behalf of Lord Porter?"
"We represent only ourselves."

Stepping away from the mummy to a sink at the far
side of the room to wash his hands, the professor said,
"That is a disappointment. I was hoping that Lord Porter
had sent you. If you are not his agent, why are you
interested in seeing me?"
"We are here because you are universally recognised
as the preeminent authority in the emerging field of
Egyptology."
"Emerging is the right word. Anyone who claims to be
the preeminent authority on the study of Egyptology is
treading on shaky ground. We have only begun to scratch
the surface of the subject, gentlemen."
Finished cleansing his hands, Flinders Petrie invited
us to continue our conversation in a small, comfortable
office adjacent to his laboratory that was a jumble of
Egyptian artefacts. "Are you aware, Professor," said
Holmes, "of a series of unfortunate events concerning the
recent Porter-Broadmoor expedition that some people
have attributed to a curse that was found in the tomb? I
refer to the collapse of a tunnel during the excavation, the
sinking of a ship carrying artefacts, and the deaths of two of
the expedition members."
"Surely, Mr. Holmes, you of all people cannot lend
credence to the fantastic stories that these unfortunate
events were the result of a curse. Regardless of what you
may have read in newspapers about promises of death
and doom for members of that expedition, those incidents

were coincidence, pure and simple."
"Do you doubt," asked I, "that the expedition found a
curse in the mummy's tomb?"
"I would have been surprised had they not. Curses of
some kind have been found in every tomb in Egypt. They
are as common as quotations from the Holy Bible on the
gravestones of Christians in England. For as long as
history has been written there have been tales of spells and
curses. Read Plato's Republic and you will find he noted
that if anyone in his time wished to injure an enemy, for a
small fee one could hire a sorcerer to bring harm to an
individual through an incantation, sign, or effigy to bind the
gods to serve the purpose. All of this nonsense about
curses in Egyptian tombs began in the imagination of a
writer of horror stories named Jane Loudon Webb. After
visiting a bizarre theatrical show in Piccadilly Circus in
1821, in which several mummies were unwrapped, this
woman penned a science-fiction novel entitled The
Mummy. Set in the twenty-second century, it featured a
vengeful mummy that came to life and threatened to
strangle the book's hero. This fantastic tome was followed
in 1828 by publication of an anonymous children's book,
The Fruits of Enterprize, in which mummies were set
ablaze to illuminate the interior of an Egyptian tomb. The
understandably irate mummies went on a rampage.
"The latest of these flights of imagination was the
handiwork of a quite distinguished American author. In

1868, Louisa May Alcott published a short story, 'Lost in a
Pyramid, or The Mummy's Curse.' In this grotesque fantasy,
an explorer used a flaming mummy to light his way into the
interior chamber of a tomb, where he found a golden box
containing three seeds that were taken back to America
and planted. They produced flowers which his fiancée wore
at her wedding. When she inhaled the perfume, she lapsed
into a coma and was transformed into a living mummy. It is
a pitiful comment on our age, gentlemen, that people do
actually believe in all this rot.
"Now we find the shelves of our bookstores and our
libraries filled with novels about monsters assembled from
body parts and brought to life by mad scientists, and tales
of werewolves and vampires. Even one of our country's
promising new writers of stories, Arthur Conan Doyle, has
dabbled in tales of the occult and supernatural, much of it
apparently inspired by the American scribbler and lunatic,
Mr. Edgar Allan Poe."
"You are obviously a man with strong opinions," said
Holmes.
"If you seek an explanation for the unhappy events
associated with the Porter-Broadmoor expedition, you
would do well to look beyond the mummy's curse to the
obvious explanation. It is human imagination that has
discerned horror in happenstance. I refer you to a recent
inventive newspaper article that appeared following the
unfortunate murder of Professor Broadmoor. The item drew

upon an interview in which the nephew of the financier of
the expedition referred to the curse that had been found in
the tomb. Suddenly, a murderous attack upon Broadmoor
was in the mind of a reporter for a sensation-seeking
newspaper the latest in a sequence of mysterious
occurrences ominously linked to a mummy's curse. What a
comment that is on the gullibility of the English people."
"You inquired as to whether Dr. Watson and I were
sent to see you by Lord Porter. May I ask why you thought
so?"
"I called upon him and his nephew several weeks ago
in an attempt to persuade him that he bore an obligation to
share his findings with the entire world by turning over the
results of his expedition to the British Museum. My
argument was along the line that he must choose between
the transitory pleasures of personal wealth and the lasting
glory of knowing that his name could forever be honoured
by the naming of a wing of the Museum for him. I left his
home feeling quite encouraged that he would come round
to my position on the matter. A few days later, to my great
delight, he sent me a letter stating that I would presently be
hearing from his solicitor, the Honourable Dudley
Walsingham, concerning creation of just such a permanent
exhibition. When you appeared, my hope was that you were
his agents. I'm afraid now that my expectation that his
remarkable collection might take the form of an exhibition
for the Museum is groundless. What a great loss that is,
gentlemen."

Leaving Flinders Petrie to resume his examination of
the mummy, Holmes asked, "Well, Watson, what do you
make of our professor of Egyptology?"
"A remarkable man! I found his lecture on the subject
of curses fascinating. I share his belief that the proper place
for the repose of the artefacts of the Porter-Broadmoor
expedition is within the British Museum. He is also spot-on
about the deplorable state of the press. Its only interest
seems to be in drumming up a fresh sensation in order to
sell more newspapers."
"Quite so, my friend," said Holmes as we crossed
Great Russell Street in the direction of the Alpha Inn on the
opposite corner, "but the press can be valuable, if you know
how to use it."
Although the next morning provided the kind of cold
and foggy climate that invited one to remain indoors,
Holmes was not present as I entered the sitting room and
pulled the bell cord to signal Mrs. Hudson that I was ready
for one of her bracing breakfasts. When I went to the pipe
rack I kept on the mantle to choose my first briar of the day,
I found a note from Holmes stating that he would return at
noon.
Promptly at that hour, as I was reviewing my notes on
the affair at Stoke Moran, Holmes entered the room,
dropped two envelopes onto my desk, and said, "These
items are for you."
Until that moment, I had accepted without comment his

habit of examining the missives and parcels addressed to
me and delivered by postmen, telegram delivery boys, and
messengers. Not an item for me passed into my hands
without first being examined and commented upon. But on
this grey and depressing morning, perhaps because of my
review of the horror that had recently occupied us at Stoke
Moran, or as a result of the damp weather exacerbating the
wound I had suffered at Maiwand, I said in exasperation,
"Must you always examine my mail?"
"Why, Watson," Holmes responded in a wounded tone
as he fixed me with an expression of shock and
bewilderment, "I had no idea you could become upset over
such a trifling matter."
I thereupon was subjected to a typical Holmesian
explanation of his conduct to the effect that nothing was
more instructive to a criminal investigator than handwriting,
postmarks, and inks. "Have you no concept," he asked, "of
all that may be detected about senders of items in the
manner in which they address their correspondence? Was
it written in a hurry? And what of the stationery? Volumes of
information may be unearthed from a letter without opening
it."
Only partly assuaged, I grumbled sarcastically, "I have
no doubt that one day you will sit down and write a
monograph on the subject."
Taking a pipe from his pocket, he replied, "I shall
indeed. To date I have catalogued no fewer than fourteen

kinds of ink used by the Royal Mail in its postmarks and
very nearly one hundred watermarks of British paper
manufacturers, as well as more than a score from the
United States. For example, in the past year you have
received eight letters of paper made in San Francisco. This
has led me to deduce that a very close relative of yours is a
resident of that city, and, I am sorry to observe, may
recently have suffered a serious setback, probably in
relation to his health." He paused to light the pipe. "Am I
correct in deducing that your correspondence is regarding
your brother's illness?"
"Yes, but how—"
"The writing on the first five envelopes was masculine.
They were addressed to 'John Watson.' The lack of a
'Mister' or 'Dr. John H. Watson' suggests a familiarity
connoting there is a family connection. The latter missives
were from the same city, but written by a woman whose
form of address included your title. Because a sister would
write to 'John,' this indicates that she is probably your
brother's wife."
"Probably? There's a word that I have never heard
cross your lips."
"I am correct in stating that your brother is not well?"
"He suffers from a nervous disorder that leaves him
increasingly palsied."
"When do you plan to sail to America?"
"Why do you assume that I'm contemplating such a

trip?"
"Really, Watson! The second envelope you have
received is a bulky one bearing the name of the Cunard
Steamship Company. Its dimension can only mean it
contains a schedule of Atlantic crossings."
"I have not yet made a decision."
"When you do, I shall provide whatever assistance you
may require."
"Thank you. Where were you off to this morning?"
"Here and there."
With that, he settled into his chair, filled his pipe, struck
a match, and lapsed into one of his long, contemplative
silences that were as impenetrable as the swirling fog of
Baker Street.
Gone again throughout the afternoon without
explanation, he burst into the sitting room at a quarter to
four, flung one of the city's sensational newspapers into my
lap, and exclaimed, "Look at the Stop Press on page one."
Locating the small item, I read:

LATEST VICTIM OF THE MUMMY'S
CURSE?
Our correspondent in Kent reports what appears to be
another example of the curse that has befallen the
recent expedition to investigate ancient tombs in

Egypt. The financier of the ill-fated party, Lord Porter,
was found dead early this morning in the bedroom of
his estate in Kent. Although Chief Inspector William
Crawford of the local constabulary stated that the
elderly Lord Porter's death appears to have been of
natural causes, we are reminded of the deaths of two
members of the expedition, and other misfortunes that
occurred since the discovery of a curse within the tomb
when it was unearthed several months ago.
"Deaths of two leading participants in this expedition
into the sands of Egypt may be dismissed as coincidence,"
said Holmes. "Three require an enquiry. There is an
express train that we can catch if we hurry. I have sent a
wire to Inspector Crawford asking him to rendezvous with
us at the railway station at seven o'clock."
Less than a week had passed since Holmes and I had
boarded another train at Waterloo Station to travel to
Leatherhead, and onwards by a trap hired at the station inn
to Stoke Moran. As on that occasion, it was a delightful day
of fleecy clouds and bright sun, although we now passed
through the spring countryside at a later hour. When the
train arrived at our destination, I peered from my window at
a short, rotund, middle-aged man in a brown suit and tan
derby pacing the platform. Turning to Holmes, I stated,
"That must be our Inspector Crawford."
"Yes," Holmes replied, looking over my shoulder.

"Heavy, black shoes. One can usually spot a policeman by
his choice of sturdy, comfortable footwear."
After an exchange of greetings, Holmes asked
Crawford, "Has anything been disturbed in the room in
which Lord Porter's body was found?"
"Except for removal of the corpse to the mortuary
round nine o'clock last evening, the bedroom is just as it
was," replied Crawford excitedly. "I instructed the
household staff that no one was to enter the bedroom until
the coroner has ascertained the cause of death."
"Excellent work, Inspector!"
Riding in a carriage driven by a uniformed constable,
we arrived at the estate of Lord Porter and passed through
a gateway flanked by large stone figures with human heads
and the bodies of lions. At the end of a long, curving
driveway bounded by tall oak trees stood an old mansion
whose doorway was guarded by a pair of stone rams.
Holmes's loud rap on the door was answered by the butler.
As we entered a spacious foyer decorated with Egyptian
artefacts, Holmes asked him, "What is your name?"
"Bradley, sir."
"How long have you been Lord Porter's butler?"
"Nearly ten years."
"Had Lord Porter seemed out of sorts lately? Was he
a nervous man? Did he at any time express fear that his life
was in jeopardy?"
"Not to me, sir."

"Did he ever speak to you about his recent expedition
to Egypt?"
"Not about the expedition itself, sir. But lately he
expressed concern about stories in the newspapers
concerning allegations that he was more interested in the
profits to be garnered from that adventure than in the
scientific aspects and advancement of knowledge."
"Who was present in the house when Lord Porter
died?"
"Only the staff, sir."
"Had there been recent visitors?"
"Lord Porter's solicitor was here on Monday."
"That would be the Honourable Dudley Walsingham?"
"Yes, sir."
"Anyone else?"
"A Major McAndrew called. He had been invited to
luncheon with Lord Porter. I believe he was a member of
the expedition. Last evening, Lord Porter's nephew came
to dinner. Soon after they ate, Lord Porter went to bed and
Mr. Basil returned to his home in London."
"I sent the nephew a telegram last evening informing
him of the death," said the Inspector, "but have received no
reply."
"Bradley," said Holmes, "please show us to Lord
Porter's bedroom."
Located to our right at the top of a curving stairway, the
bedroom was a large chamber that had the aspects of a

museum.
"Please remain in the corridor, gentlemen," said
Holmes brusquely, "while I have a look round the room."
What followed in the next few minutes was a scene
quite familiar to me, but a matter of wonder and puzzlement
to Inspector Crawford. "What is he looking for, Doctor?" he
asked of me in a whisper as Holmes moved carefully
through the room, examining the area around the bed,
kneeling briefly to peer at the carpet, and going to the
room's two large windows.
Abruptly returning to the doorway, Holmes asked the
butler, "Did Lord Porter smoke?"
"Until his physician ordered him to give up tobacco two
years ago, he enjoyed a pipe."
"Was he an active man?"
"Prior to the Egyptian expedition, yes."
"But not since?"
"I'm afraid the journey and the time he spent in the
desert took its toll on his vitality. He spent most days either
at his desk in his study or in bed."
"Thank you, Bradley. That will be all."
"Very good, sir."
"Now, Inspector," said Holmes, "take us to the
mortuary."
In a small room adjacent to the office of the
constabulary, the sheet-shrouded body of Lord Porter lay

on a large table. Drawing back the covering, Holmes
proceeded to examine the corpse from head to toe.
Presently, he declared, "Interesting. Have a look, Watson. I
call your attention to a slight discoloration of the skin around
what seems to be a puncture just below the hairline on the
right side of the back of Lord Porter's neck."
Examining a small, reddish welt, I said, "It could be an
insect bite. To state exactly what it is would require
examination of the tissue under a microscope."
"Inspector, " said Holmes, "I'll be interested in knowing
as soon as possible to what your coroner attributes it."
"Certainly, Mr. Holmes. Is there anything else I can
do?"
"Not at the moment, but you may be hearing from me
quite soon." Although I was fairly bursting with curiosity as
Holmes and I returned to Baker Street, I had learned that he
would illuminate me when he deemed it appropriate to do
so. He had said to me on several occasions that I
possessed the grand gift of silence and that this had made
me quite invaluable as a companion. Consequently, when
he left our lodging in the morning and did not return until late
in the afternoon, I was resolved to make no enquiries as to
his purpose or whereabouts. It was that evening during
dinner that he looked up suddenly from a platter of Mrs.
Hudson's incomparable broiled trout and muttered, "These
are murky waters, Watson. Whether I prove to be correct
will be known only when we hear again from Inspector

Crawford."
The message he awaited arrived the next afternoon. A
telegram from Crawford was the briefest Holmes had ever
received:
COBRA VENOM
Waving the wire as if it were a flag, Holmes said
exultantly, "That is the penultimate stone in this intricate
construction, Watson. All that is left is to send to Inspector
Crawford a telegram in which I shall propose a question to
be put to the butler, along with my advice to Crawford that if
the butler's reply is in the affirmative a charge of murder be
brought against Basil Porter."
Crawford's reply arrived later that day in another brief
telegram:
HE HAS GIVEN A COMPLETE CONFESSION.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW.
As I read the message, I exclaimed, "This is amazing,
Holmes. You have solved this case without having met and
questioned the person you suspected!"
"There was no need, Watson. I had an accumulation of

facts that pointed to Basil Porter. This nefarious nephew
possesses one of the most brilliant and devious minds to
ever challenge my powers. You'll recall that I said after our
meeting with Flinders Petrie that the press can be a
valuable instrument if you know how to use it. This man
seized upon the seemingly mysterious events of the tunnel
collapse, the sinking of the ship, the accidental death of
Anthony Fulmer, and the murder of Professor Broadmoor to
plant in the mind of a newspaper reporter the idea that
these events were the effects of the mummy's curse. In an
attempt to lend further credibility to this explanation, he
attempted to murder your old comrade in arms, Major
McAndrew. Had we not encountered the Major that evening
in Simpson's in the Strand, Basil Porter's crimes might
have gone undetected and unpunished."
"What caused you to suspect him?"
"Among the numerous puzzling facets of this case, I
found it curious that on notification of his uncle's death that
Basil Porter did not rush back from London. When I found
what seemed to be an insect bite in the back of Lord
Porter's neck, but could have been a scratch made by a pin
or a hypodermic needle, I suspected that Lord Porter had
been injected with a poison. When I received confirmation
that it was cobra venom, I saw no explanation that was
logical, except that it had been administered by the
nephew. To be certain, I had to eliminate the only other
visitor to Lord Porter that day, your friend McAndrew. I had
to know if the two men had been alone at any time on that

day."
"That was the question you asked Crawford to pose to
the butler."
"In my examination of the rug in Lord Porter's
bedroom, I found not only traces of cigar ash, but evidence
that someone had paced up and down in a state of extreme
excitement. You know my methods. What does that tell
you?"
"There had been a heated argument."
"Precisely, but concerning what? Among my
excursions following our sojourn to the domain of Inspector
Crawford was a call upon Lord Porter's solicitor, the
Honourable Dudley Walsingham. My purpose was to
inquire as to the beneficiary of Lord Porter's will. It was
quite a formidable estate, even before the spectacular
treasures brought back from Egypt. My enquiries directed
toward knowledgeable men in the financial circles and
bankers in the City resulted in evidence that Basil Porter
has been on the brink of bankruptcy for quite some time."
"You therefore surmised that Basil expected to be
rescued from his dilemma by killing his uncle and inheriting
an estate which had been substantially increased in wealth
as a result of the treasures brought back from Egypt."
"But this prospect was suddenly jeopardised," said
Holmes, "when Lord Porter appeared to accede to
Professor Flinders Petrie's appeal to donate the
expedition's finds to the BM. It was then that Basil devised

a plan for murder that he had hoped would appear to be the
result of the curse found in the tomb. To lay the foundation
for this fantastic proposition, he killed Professor
Broadmoor and in an exceedingly clever use of the press,
he called attention to the coincidental incidents of the tunnel
collapse, the ship bearing expedition artefacts that sank,
and the death of Fulmer in the train accident. Of course, I
had no proof of any of this. Each of these occurrences
could be readily explained as happenstance. The only
occurrence that I was able to investigate was the curious
incident of the roof tile that injured Major McAndrew. This
meant a visit to his quarters in Chelsea. In examining the
rooftop, I found not only that the tile had been pried loose,
but footprints of the person who flung them down on
McAndrew. If this attack had been done by a magically
animated mummy that had been wondrously transported to
Chelsea, he had taken time to be fitted for a pair of shoes.
We are left with no other explanation but this extraordinary
drama had to be the work of Basil Porter. At that point, I
had to be certain he was the only person on that day who
had the opportunity."
"But what if Major McAndrew had also been alone with
Lord Porter that day?"
"Motive, Watson! What motive could McAndrew
possibly have had to kill Lord Porter?"
"Well done, Holmes!"
Although Basil Porter had admitted to the murders of

his uncle and Felix Broadmoor, he presented to jury and
judge at his trial the fantastic explanation that his deeds
were the result of a brain fever that developed into insanity,
which he brazenly blamed on the mummy's curse. This
astonishing device proved unavailing. Convicted of two
murders, he was sentenced to death and hanged for his
crimes. Meanwhile, because Lord Porter had no other
heirs, the treasures of the Egyptian expedition were
declared the property of the Crown and consigned by a
judge of the probate court to the British Museum, there to
be under the supervision of Flinders Petrie. That
distinguished scholar continued his work as an
archaeologist, for which he would presently be knighted
and named Professor of Egyptology at University College
of London in 1892. The Egyptian Research Council that he
established in 1894 eventually became The British School
of Archaeology and, ultimately, the Petrie Museum of
Egyptian Archaeology in Malet Place.
As I was reviewing my notes on this extraordinary affair
a few days after Holmes's solution to a case that I had
decided to record under the title "The Mummy's Curse," I
gazed across our sitting room at Holmes and interrupted
his repose with a thought that had suddenly occurred to me.
"You have proved that Basil Porter devised a murderous
scheme to inherit vast wealth," I said, "but has it ever
entered your mind that none of this has proved that all of
these unfortunate events were not the result of the mummy's
curse?"

Holmes leapt from his chair. "What are you saying?"
"It could be interpreted," said I, with a smile and
arching eyebrows, "that Basil Porter was simply the
instrument by which the mummy's curse was, in fact,
fulfilled!"
"Good old Watson," said Holmes with a puff of smoke
from his favorite briar. "Your romanticism is as permanent a
fixture as the pyramids of Giza. And just as mysterious!"

The Things That Shall
Come Upon Them
by Barbara Roden
Barbara Roden, along with her husband Christopher
Roden, is the proprietor of Ash-Tree Press. Together,
they are also the editors of several anthologies,
including Acquainted with the Night, which won the
World Fantasy Award. Barbara is also the editor of All
Hallows, the journal of the Ghost Story Society. Her
short fiction has appeared in the anthologies Exotic

Gothic 2, The Year's Best Fantasy & Horror, By
Blood We Live, and in the Sherlock Holmes
anthologies The Mammoth Book of New Sherlock
Holmes Adventures and Gaslight Grimoire, the latter
in which this story first appeared. Her first collection of
short stories, Northwest Passages, will be published
by Prime Books in October.
"If you eliminate the impossible," says Sherlock
Holmes, in an oft-quoted remark, "then whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth." But
doesn't this bold statement perhaps presuppose a

rather cavalier degree of ontological certainty? Is it
really so unproblematic to sort out the possible from
the impossible? Many would take issue with Holmes's
unflappable rationalism, chief among them Flaxman
Low, the first true psychic detective character, whose
co-creator Hesketh Vernon Hesketh-Prichard was a
good friend of Conan Doyle's. These two
contemporaneous fictional characters go head-tohead in our next adventure, in a clash of both
personality and worldview. The author writes, "The
story's setting—Lufford Abbey, former home of Julian
Karswell of M. R. James's classic 'Casting the
Runes'—came after I watched, with our son, the film
version of 'Casting the Runes', Night of the Demon,
and found myself wondering what happened to
Karswell's home after he died, in somewhat
mysterious circumstances, in France. The involvement
of a 'Dr. Watson' in James's story was a gift from the
writing gods." The following tale, an adept blending of
several different literary universes, calls to mind the
common saying: "There are generally two sides to
every story."
"Do you recall, Watson," said my friend Sherlock
Holmes, "how I described my profession when we first took
lodgings together, and you expressed curiosity as to how
your fellow lodger was related to certain comments which

you had read in a magazine?"
"I certainly do!" I laughed. "As I recall, you referred to
yourself as the world's only consulting detective; a remark
prompted by my less than effusive statements regarding
the article in question. In mitigation I can only say that I did
not realise, when I made those statements, that I was
addressing the article's author; nor did I have the benefit of
having seen your methods in action."
Holmes smiled, and bowed his head in
acknowledgement of my words. "Your comments had at
least the charm of honesty, Watson."
"But what prompts this recollection, Holmes?" I asked.
My friend was not, as a rule, given to thoughts of the past,
and I suspected that some event had given rise to his
question. In answer he made a sweeping gesture which
encompassed the many newspapers littering the floor of
our Baker Street rooms.
"As you know, Watson, I make it a habit to familiarise
myself with the contents of the many newspapers with which
our metropolis is blessed; it is astonishing how even the
smallest event may prove to have a bearing on some
matter with which I come into professional contact. And yet
it seems that every time I open a newspaper I find myself
reading of yet another person who has followed where I
have led."
"Imitation is, as they say, the sincerest form of flattery."
"In which case I am flattered indeed, Watson, for my

imitators are numerous. When our association began there
were, as I recall, no other consulting detectives, or at least
none who called themselves such; yet even the most
cursory glance at the papers now shows that I have,
however unwittingly, been what our North American friends
might call a trailblazer. Here"—and his long white arm
stretched out to extricate a paper from out of the mass
which surrounded him—"is an account of how Max
Carrados helped Inspector Beedel of the Yard solve what
the newspapers are, rather sensationally, calling 'The
Holloway Flat Tragedy'; and here is a letter praising the
assistance given by Dyer's Detective Agency in Lynch
Court, Fleet Street. These are by no means isolated
instances; and it is not only the newspapers which record
the exploits of these detectives. The newsagent boasts an
array of magazines in which one can read of their
adventures; a turn of events for which you must assume
some responsibility."
"How so?" I exclaimed.
"Your records of my doings have, I am afraid, given the
public an appetite for tales of this sort, so much so that
every detective worthy of the name must, it seems, have his
Boswell—or Watson—to record his adventures. The doings
of Mr. Martin Hewitt appear with almost monotonous
regularity, and I can scarcely glance at a magazine without
being informed that I will find therein breathless accounts of
the cases of Paul Beck or Eugene Valmont or a certain
Miss Myrl, who appears to be trying to advance the cause

of women's suffrage through somewhat novel means. I
understand there is a gentleman who sits in an A.B.C.
teashop and solves crimes without benefit of sight, or the
need of abandoning his afternoon's refreshment, while Mr.
Flaxman Low purports to help those whose cases appear
to be beyond the understanding of mere mortals; truly the
refuge of the desperate, although from what I gather the
man is not quite the charlatan he might seem." Holmes
chuckled, and threw down his paper. "If this continues
apace, I may find myself contemplating retirement, or at
least a change of profession."
"But surely," I replied, "your reputation is such that you
need have no fear of such a fate just yet! Why, every post
sees applications for your assistance, and Inspector
Hopkins is as assiduous a visitor as always. I do not think
that Sherlock Holmes will be retiring from public view at any
point in the immediate future."
"No; I may fairly claim that the demands upon my time
are as frequent as they have ever been, although I confess
that many of the cases which are brought to my attention
could be as easily solved by a constable still wet behind the
ears as by a trained professional. Yet there still remain
those cases which promise something of the outré and
which the official force would be hard-pressed to solve."
Holmes rose from his chair, crossed to the table, and
extracted a sheet of paper from amongst the breakfast
dishes. He glanced at it for a moment, then passed it to

me. "Be so good as to read this, and tell me what you
make of it."
I looked at the letter, and attempted to emulate my
friend's methods. "It is written on heavy paper," I began,
"simply yet elegantly embossed, from which I would deduce
a certain level of wealth allied with good taste. It is in a
woman's hand, firm and clear, which would seem to denote
that its writer is a person of determination as well as
intelligence."
"And pray how do you deduce the intelligence, without
having read the letter?" asked my friend.
"Why, from the fact that she has had the good sense to
consult Sherlock Holmes, and not one of the pretenders to
his crown."
"A touch, Watson!" laughed Holmes. "A distinct touch!
But now read the lady's letter, and see what opinion you
form of her and her case."
I turned my attention to the paper, and read the
following:
Lufford Abbey
Warwickshire
Dear Mr. Holmes,
Having read of your methods and cases, I am turning
to you in hopes that you will be able to bring an end to

a series of disturbances which have occurred over the
past two months, and which have left our local
constabulary at a complete loss. What began as a
series of minor annoyances has gradually become
something more sinister; but as these events have not,
as yet, resulted in a crime being committed, I am told
that there is little the police can do.
My husband is in complete agreement with me that
steps must be taken; yet I will be candid and state that
he does not agree that this is a matter for Mr. Sherlock
Holmes. I hasten to add that his admiration for you is
as great as mine; where we differ is in our ideas as to
the nature of the events. I firmly believe that a human
agency is at work, whereas my husband is of the
opinion that we must seek for an answer that lies
beyond our five senses.
I fear that any account which I could lay before you in a
letter would fail to give a true indication of what we are
suffering. However, suffering we are, and I hope that
you will be able to see your way to meeting with us, so
that we may lay the facts before you. I have included a
note of the most convenient trains, and a telegram
indicating your arrival time will ensure that you are met
at the station.
I thank you in advance for your consideration of this

matter; merely writing this letter has taken some of the
weight from my mind, and I am in hopes that your
arrival and investigation will put an end to the worries
with which we are beset.
Yours sincerely,
Mrs. John Fitzgerald
"Well, Watson? And what do you make of it?"
I placed the letter on the table. "The letter confirms my
opinion of the lady's character and intelligence. She does
not set down a jumble of facts, fancies, and theories, but
rather writes in a business-like manner which yet does not
conceal her anxiety. The fact that she and her husband
have thought it necessary to involve the police indicates
that the matter is serious, for Mrs. Fitzgerald does not, from
this letter, strike me as a woman who is given to imagining
things; unlike her husband, I might add."
"Yes, her husband, who believes that the solution to
their problem lies beyond the evidence of our five senses."
Holmes shook his head. "I have never yet met with a case
which is not capable of a rational solution, however
irrational it may appear at the outset, and I have no doubt
that this mystery will prove the same as the others."
"You have decided to take the case, then?"
"Yes. As the lady was so thoughtful as to include a list

of train times, I took the liberty of sending a telegram
indicating that we would travel up on the 12.23 train. I take it
that your patients can do without you for a day or so?"
"I can certainly make arrangements, Holmes, if you
would like me to accompany you."
"Of course I would, Watson! A trip to the Warwickshire
countryside will prove a welcome respite from a damp
London spring; and I will need my chronicler with me, to
record my efforts, if I am to keep pace with my colleagues."
My friend was smiling as he said this; then his face became
thoughtful. "Lufford Abbey," he said slowly. "That name
sounds familiar; but I cannot immediately call the
circumstances to mind. Ah well, we have some time before
our train departs, and I shall try to lay my hands on the
details."
My long association with Sherlock Holmes, coming as
it did on the heels of my military career, had made me
adept at packing quickly and at short notice. It was an easy
matter to arrange for my patients to be seen by one of my
associates, and well before the appointed time I was back
in Baker Street and Holmes and I were on our way to
Euston Station, where we found the platform unusually
crowded. We were fortunate enough to secure a first-class
compartment to ourselves, but our privacy was short-lived,
for just as the barrier was closing a man hurried along the
platform and, after a moment's hesitation, entered our

compartment. He was middle-aged, tall, and strongly built,
having about him the look of a man who has been an
athlete in his youth and maintained his training in the years
since. He gave us both a polite nod, then settled himself
into the opposite corner of the compartment and pulled a
small notebook from his pocket, in which he began to make
what appeared to be notes, frequently referring to a sheaf
of papers which he had placed on the seat beside him.
Holmes had shot the newcomer a penetrating glance,
but, upon seeing that our companion was obviously not one
to intrude his company on others, he relaxed, and was
silent for a few minutes, gazing out the window as the train
gathered speed and we began to leave London and its
environs behind. I knew better than to intrude upon his
thoughts, and eventually he settled back into his seat, put
his fingers together in the familiar manner, and began to
speak.
"I was not mistaken, Watson, when I said that the name
of our destination was familiar to me. As you know, I am in
the habit of retaining items from the newspapers which
might conceivably be of interest, or have a bearing on a
future case, and this habit has borne fruit on this occasion.
An article in the Times from July of last year reported the
death, in unusual circumstances, of an English traveller at
Abbeville, who was struck on the head and killed instantly
by a stone which fell from the tower of a church there, under
which the unfortunate gentleman happened to be standing.
His name was Mr. Julian Karswell, and his residence was

given as Lufford Abbey in Warwickshire. It would not—"
But my friend's words were cut short by an exclamation
from the third occupant of our compartment. He had laid
aside his notebook and papers, and was looking from my
companion to myself with a quick, inquisitive glance which
avoided mere vulgar curiosity, and instead spoke of
something deeper. He seemed to realise that an
explanation was needed, and addressed himself to both of
us in tones that were low and pleasant.
"Excuse me, gentlemen, but I could not help
overhearing you speak of a Mr. Karswell and his residence,
Lufford Abbey. Both names are known to me, which
accounts for my surprise, particularly when I hear them from
the lips of Mr. Sherlock Holmes. And you, sir"—he nodded
his head towards me—"must be Dr. Watson." He noted my
look of surprise, and added with a gentle smile, "I heard
your friend address you by name, and it was not difficult to
identify you from your likenesses in The Strand Magazine."
"You have the advantage of us, sir," said Holmes
politely, "as well as the makings of a detective."
"My name is Flaxman Low," said our companion, "and
I am, in my small way, a detective, although I do not expect
that you will have heard of me."
"On the contrary," answered my friend drily, "I was
speaking of you only this morning."
"Not, I fear, with any favour, to judge by your tone,"
replied Low. "No, Mr. Holmes, I do not take offence," he

continued, forestalling my companion. "A great many
people share your view, and I am accustomed to that fact.
You and I are, I suspect, more alike than you think in our
approach and methods. The difference lies in the fact that
where I am Hamlet, you, if I may take the liberty of saying
so, prefer the part of Horatio."
For a moment I feared, from the expression on my
friend's face, that he would not take kindly to this remark;
but after a moment his features relaxed into a smile, and he
laughed.
"Perhaps that is no bad thing, Mr. Low," he remarked,
"for at the end of the play Horatio is one of the few
characters still in the land of the living, while the Prince of
Denmark is, we presume, learning at first hand whether or
not his views on the spiritual world were correct."
Flaxman Low laughed in his turn. "Well said, Mr.
Holmes." Then his face turned grave. "You mentioned
Lufford Abbey. May I enquire as to your interest in that
house and its late owner?"
Holmes shrugged. "As to its late owner I admit of no
knowledge, save for the fact of his death last year. The
house, however, is our destination, hence my interest in any
particulars relating to it." He gazed at Low thoughtfully. "I
am not mistaken, I think, in stating that Lufford Abbey is
your destination also, and that you have been summoned
thence by Mr. John Fitzgerald, to look into a matter which
has been troubling him."

"You are quite correct, Mr. Holmes," acknowledged
Low. "Mr. Fitzgerald wrote and asked if I would be available
to look into a series of events which is proving troubling to
his household, and appears to be beyond the capabilities
of the local police force."
"And we have received a similar letter from Mrs.
Fitzgerald," said Holmes. "It appears, Mr. Low, that we shall
have a practical means of comparing our methods; it will be
interesting to see what results we achieve."
"Indeed." Low paused, and looked from one of us to
the other. "You say that you know nothing of Julian Karswell,
save for the few facts surrounding his death. Perhaps, if you
will allow me, I can give further elucidation as to the
character of the late owner of Lufford Abbey."
"By all means," said Holmes. "At present I am working
in the dark, and any information which you can provide
would be of the greatest interest."
"I am not surprised that you know little of Julian
Karswell," said Low, settling back into his seat and
clasping his hands behind his head, "for while I, and a few
others who knew of him, felt that he had the makings of a
distinguished criminal, he never committed any crimes
which broke the laws of man as they currently stand."
Holmes raised his eyebrows. "Are you saying that he
committed crimes which broke other laws?"
"Yes, Mr. Holmes. Karswell was interested in the
occult, or the black arts—call it what you will—and he had

the means to devote himself to his studies, for he was
reputed to be a man of great wealth, although how he
acquired this wealth was a question for much speculation.
He used to joke about the many treasures of his house,
although no one that I know of was ever permitted to see
them. He wrote a book upon the subject of witchcraft, which
was treated with contempt by most of those who bothered
to read it; until, that is, it appeared that Mr. Karswell took a
somewhat more practical approach to the occult than had
been suspected."
"Practical?" I interjected. "In what way?"
Our companion paused before replying. When he did,
his tone was grave. "Certain people who had occasion to
cross Mr. Karswell suffered fates which were . . . curious, to
say the least. A man named John Harrington, who wrote a
scathing review of Karswell's book The History of
Witchcraft, died under circumstances which were never
satisfactorily explained, and another man, Edward Dunning,
made what I consider to be a very narrow escape."
It was my turn to utter an exclamation, and both Holmes
and Low turned to look at me. "Edward Dunning, who
belongs to the———Association?" I asked.
"Yes," replied Low in some curiosity, while Holmes
gazed at me quizzically. "Why, do you know him?"
"As a matter of fact I do," I replied. "He came to me on
the recommendation of a neighbour—oh, eighteen months
or so ago—and we struck up a friendship of sorts; enough

that when he was seriously incommoded by illness in his
household I invited him to dinner."
"When was this?" asked Low, with an eagerness
which somewhat surprised me.
"Why"—I paused to think—"this was in the spring of
last year; April, as I recall. His two servants were struck
down by a sudden illness—food poisoning, I suspect—and
the poor man seemed somewhat lost, so I invited him to
dinner at my club. He seemed more pleased than the
invitation itself would warrant, and was reluctant to leave;
almost as if he did not want to return to his house. Indeed,
he was in a rather agitated state; distracted, as if he were
continually turning some problem over in his mind."
"You are very close to the truth, Doctor," said Low
gravely. "The agitation which Edward Dunning displayed
was occasioned by Karswell, and certain steps which that
person was even then taking; steps which almost led to
Dunning's death."
"Death!" exclaimed my friend. "Surely that brought
Karswell within reach of the law?"
"Yes and no," replied Low after a pause. "You see,
gentlemen," he continued, "Karswell was a very clever man
in some ways, and was familiar with practices which would
allow him to exact revenge against someone while ensuring
that he himself remained safe from prosecution; there were
rumours that he was preparing another book on the subject,
although nothing came of it. Unfortunately for him, he ran up

against two people—Edward Dunning being one of them—
who were prepared to use his own methods, and thus
escape harm by throwing Karswell's own agents against
him."
"Are you saying that you believe this Karswell used
supernatural means to accomplish his ends?" asked
Holmes in astonishment.
"That is precisely what I am saying, Mr. Holmes,"
replied Low gravely. "I agree with the words of St.
Augustine: Credo ut intelligam[11]." Holmes shook his
head.
"I am afraid I must side with Petrarch: Vos vestros
servate, meos mihi linquite mores[12]. It has been my
experience that no case, no matter how bizarre or
otherworldly it may seem when it commences, cannot be
explained by entirely natural means. Surely your own
experiences, Mr. Low, will have shown you that man is
capable enough of evil, without ascribing its presence to
the supernatural."
"As to your last point, Mr. Holmes, we are in complete
agreement. Where we differ, it seems, is in our willingness
to accept that not everything we see or hear or experience
can be rationalised. I enter every case I undertake with a
perfectly clear mind, and no one is more pleased than I
when it can be proved that something which appears to be
supernatural has a completely logical explanation that
would stand up in a court of law. And yet it is my belief that

we are standing on the frontier of an unknown world, the
rules of which we do not comprehend and can only vaguely
grasp, in flashes, as our unready senses catch broken
glimpses of things which obey laws we cannot understand.
One day, perhaps, this other world will be understood, and
mapped as fully as any known country on earth; until then
we can only advance slowly, storing away pieces of the
puzzle in hopes that they can be fitted together in the
fullness of time."
It was an extraordinary speech to hear in the prosaic
surroundings of a first-class carriage rattling through the
placid English countryside; but Flaxman Low's earnest face
and steady voice carried a conviction that it was
impossible to ridicule. I could tell that my friend was
impressed despite himself, and when he replied it was in a
tone more restrained and conciliatory than would have
been the case only a few minutes earlier.
"Well, Mr. Low, we must agree to disagree on certain
points; but I look forward to the experience of working with
you on this case. Perhaps, if you would be so good, you
might tell us more of Mr. Karswell."
"But what can he have to do with this?" I interjected.
"He died almost a year ago, and surely can have nothing to
do with the matter in hand."
"Possibly not," said my friend, "but the fact remains
that a man who appears to have died in questionable
circumstances, and who himself may have been involved in

the death of at least one person, has left behind him a
house which is now, in turn, the scene of mysterious
occurrences. This may prove to be mere coincidence, but it
is not something an investigator can ignore. The more facts
with which we are armed, the more likely that we shall bring
Mr. and Mrs. Fitzgerald's case to a speedy—and
satisfactory—conclusion."
I will not try the patience of my readers by detailing the
events which Flaxman Low laid before us; Dr. James of
King's College has since provided his own account of the
case, which is readily available. Suffice it to say that Mr.
Julian Karswell appeared to have been a deeply
unpleasant person, quick to anger, sensitive to criticism
both real and imagined, and with the fire of vengeance
burning within him, so much so that any who crossed his
path appeared to have very real cause to fear for their
safety. He was, according to Low, responsible for the death
of John Harrington, and very nearly killed Edward Dunning,
although Holmes refused to believe that he used
supernatural means to accomplish his ends; nor did he
believe that Karswell's sudden death at Abbeville was
anything other than the accident the French investigators
deemed it to be. "For if a man will go walking about in a
site where extensive repairs are being carried out, we
cannot be surprised to hear that some mischance has
befallen him," he said, while Flaxman Low shook his head
but said nothing.

Our companion had scarcely finished narrating his
story when our train began to slow, and our stop was
announced. We were among only a handful of passengers
who alighted, and before the train had pulled away we were
approached by a coachman, who nodded his head
respectfully at us.
"Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, and Mr. Low, is it?" he
enquired. "You are all expected, gentlemen; I'll see to your
baggage if you will kindly follow me."
We left the station and found a carriage awaiting us, a
fine team of horses standing harnessed in front of it.
Holmes ran his keen eyes over them.
"I see that we have not far to go to Lufford Abbey," he
remarked, and the coachman glanced at him.
"No, sir, little more'n a mile or so. You've been here
before, then?"
"No," interjected Low, before my friend could reply,
"but the horses are fresh and glossy, which would indicate
that they have not travelled far to get here."
Holmes's lips twitched in a slight smile. "You evidently
see and observe, Mr. Low. Excellent traits in a detective."
"I have learned from a master," replied Low, giving a
small bow. "Indeed, I may say that it was reading the early
accounts of your cases, as penned by Dr. Watson, which
first gave me the thought of applying your methods to the
investigation of that frontier which we were discussing
during our journey here. Indeed, one day it might come to

pass that you are acknowledged as being as great a
forerunner in that field as you are in the science of more
ordinary detection."
Our bags had been loaded in the carriage, and we
climbed in. The coachman called out to the horses and we
were on our way, rumbling through the main street of a
pretty village crowded with half-timbered buildings which
spoke of a more peaceful way of life than existed in the
bustling metropolis which we had left. The tranquillity
around us contrasted so sharply with the story Flaxman Low
had told us in the train, and the dark deeds hinted at in Mrs.
Fitzgerald's letter, that I could not help shivering. Low, who
was sitting opposite me, caught my eye and nodded.
"Yes, Doctor," he said, as if in answer to my thoughts,
"it is difficult to believe that such things can exist when the
evidence of our senses shows us such pleasant scenes. I
hope, in all honesty, that our clients' case may prove to
have an entirely logical and rational solution; but given what
I know of the late owner of Lufford Abbey, I confess I fear
the worst."
It seemed that we had scarcely left the village behind
us when the carriage turned through a set of massive iron
gates, and we found ourselves driving through beautifully
maintained grounds. Bright clumps of yellow daffodils were
dotted about a wide sweep of grassland, which led in turn
to a thick plantation of trees on both sides of the drive.
Ahead of us lay Lufford Abbey itself, an imposing building

of mellow stone which seemed to glow in the warm
afternoon sunlight. I did not have time to contemplate the
house, however, for as soon as the carriage drew up the
front door opened, and our host and hostess came out to
greet us.
They were an interesting study in contrasts, Mr. and
Mrs. Fitzgerald. He was tall and slender, with dark eyes set
in a pale face, and an unruly shock of black hair, a lock of
which he was perpetually brushing back from his forehead.
His wife, while almost as tall as her husband, was more
sturdily built, and her blue eyes looked out from a face
which I guessed was, under normal circumstances, ruddycomplexioned and clear, as of one who spends a good
deal of time in the open air. Now, however, it wore a look of
anxiety, an expression shared by Mr. Fitzgerald, who
stepped forward with short, nervous steps, wringing his
hands together in an attitude of embarrassment.
"Mr. Low?" he enquired, looking from one of us to
another, and our companion nodded his head.
"I am Flaxman Low, and these gentlemen are Mr.
Holmes and Dr. Watson. We understand from your
coachman that we are all expected."
"Yes, yes, of course . . . oh dear, this is really most
awkward. I do not know how I came to make such a terrible
mistake. The dates—of course, I put the wrong one in my
letter to you, Mr. Low, and it was only when I spoke with my
wife after that I realised what had happened. We did not

intend . . . that is to say, we meant . . . such a dreadful mixup . . . "
His words trailed off, and he wore a look of contrition
that was almost comical. His wife stepped forward firmly
and placed a hand on his arm.
"My husband is correct in saying that this is an
awkward situation, gentlemen; but such events happen in
the best-regulated of households, and I believe that when
you hear our story you will excuse us. Matters have been
somewhat"—she paused, as if in search of the correct
word—"fraught here in recent days, and we were both so
anxious of a solution that we proceeded independently of
each other, with the result that you now see. We will, of
course, understand perfectly should one of you decide that
he would rather not stay."
"Explanations are unnecessary," replied Holmes, and
Low nodded. "My friend and I were not previously
acquainted with Mr. Low, but a fortuitous chance has
ensured that we had an opportunity to discuss the matter—
so far as we know it—on the way here, and I think I may
safely say that we see no difficulty in combining our efforts."
"Mr. Holmes is quite correct," added Low. "While we
may differ in certain of our beliefs, we are united in our
determination to put an end to the difficulties which you
face."
"Thank you, gentlemen," said our host, relief sweeping
across his face. For a moment the look of anxiety left him,

and I was able to see traces of the good humour which I
suspected his countenance usually wore. "I cannot tell you
how relieved we both are to hear this. Of course, we really
must explain why it is that—"
"Yes, we must," interrupted Mrs. Fitzgerald, firmly but
kindly. "However I do not think, John, that the front drive is
the place for explanations."
"Of course; you are quite right, my dear." He turned
and smiled at us. "Forgive me once more; my manners
have quite escaped me. The maid will show you to your
rooms, and then we will lay all the facts before you, in hopes
that you will see light where we see only darkness."
Less than half-an-hour elapsed before we were
assembled in a pleasantly furnished sitting-room with our
host and hostess, and provided with refreshments. Both Mr.
and Mrs. Fitzgerald seemed to take pleasure in the
everyday ritual of pouring tea and passing cakes, and for a
moment their cares and anxieties seemed to fade in the
flow of casual conversation around them.
"Yes," said Mr. Fitzgerald, in answer to a question of
Low's, "there was an abbey here, although nothing of it now
remains apart from a few relics housed in the parish
church. Most of it was destroyed in 1539, and what little
was left—mainly stables and the Abbot's lodging, from what
I gather—has long since vanished. Some outlying domestic
buildings were the last to go; according to village gossip

there was an old man who, early in the eighteenth century,
could still point out the sites of some of the buildings, but
this knowledge appears to have died with him. I cannot
think of another similar monastic house which has
disappeared so completely from the ken of man."
"You are a student of such things, then?" enquired
Holmes.
"In a very modest way. Being a gentleman of leisure, I
have the time and opportunity to indulge myself in that way;
and have a natural inclination towards such subjects, tinged
with melancholy as they are. Parts of this house were built
very shortly after the abbey was dissolved, and I suspect
that many of the stones from the original monastic building
found their way into the construction of it, hence the house's
name. Inigo Jones added to it in the seventeenth century,
so we find ourselves in possession of a very interesting
piece of our country's history."
"And in possession of something else, it appears,"
said Low. "Your letters, however, provided little by way of
information on that point."
Mr. Fitzgerald's face clouded, and there was a sharp
clatter as his wife placed her teacup somewhat unsteadily
in its saucer. "Yes," our host replied after a moment's
pause, as if summoning up strength. "The truth is,
gentlemen, that I—we—found it very difficult to convey the
facts of the case in a letter."
"What my husband means, I think," said Mrs.

Fitzgerald, "is that the recent . . . events here sound, on
paper, so inconsequential that they would appear laughable
to someone who has not experienced them."
"I assure you, Mrs. Fitzgerald," said Low earnestly,
"that none of us are inclined to laugh. I know something of
the man who lived here before you, and informed Mr.
Holmes and Dr. Watson of the facts surrounding him, and
the manner of his death. It is not a laughing matter."
Husband and wife glanced at each other. "We are
agreed," said Mrs. Fitzgerald, "that Julian Karswell—or
rather something to do with him—is in some way
responsible for the events which are taking place; but we
do not agree as to how or why this should be. My own
feeling is that there is a logical explanation behind
everything, whereas my husband feels that—" Here she
stopped, as if uncertain how to proceed, or unwilling to give
voice to what her husband thought. Mr. Fitzgerald took up
the thread.
"Elizabeth is trying to say that I feel Mr. Karswell,
although dead, is still influencing the events in his former
house." He gave a somewhat hollow laugh. "My father was
Irish and my mother Welsh, gentlemen, so I have inherited
more than my fair share of willingness to believe in what
others disdain."
"Perhaps," said Holmes, with a touch of asperity, "we
might hear of these events, so that we may have some idea
of why, precisely, we have been invited."

"Of course, Mr. Holmes," said Mrs. Fitzgerald. "Shall I
begin?"
"Please do, my dear," replied her husband. "We are in
no disagreement as to the facts, and you will tell the story
so much better than I."
Low and Holmes both leaned back in their chairs; Low
with his hands clasped behind his head, Holmes with his
fingers steepled in front of him and his eyes half-closed. I
settled back into my own chair as Mrs. Fitzgerald began
her tale.
"As you gentlemen know, we have not lived here very
long. My family comes from Warwickshire, and I longed to
return here, and when we heard that Lufford Abbey was
available—well, we fairly jumped at the opportunity. It did
not take us long to realise that there was considerable illfeeling in the village towards the previous owner, about
whom we knew little more than that he had died, suddenly,
while on holiday in France, and that in the absence of next
of kin his house and effects were being sold. We attended
the sale of his possessions, as did many of the people from
the immediate neighbourhood; largely, I suspect, in order to
see the house for themselves, as the late owner had
guarded his privacy to a quite extraordinary extent, and had
not been known for his hospitality towards his neighbours.
There was also, I believe, some talk of great treasures in
the house, although nothing that was sold struck us as
being deserving of that name.

"When Mr. Karswell's things had been disposed of we
were, quite naturally, anxious to take up residence, but
events conspired to make this impossible. The house,
while in good repair for the most part, needed a certain
amount of work done to it, particularly the rooms in which it
was apparent that Mr. Karswell chiefly lived. He appeared
to have kept a dog, or dogs, and they had scratched quite
badly at the panelling in one of the rooms, so much so that
it needed to be replaced. Some of the furnishings, too,
proved difficult to dispose of; more than one person who
had purchased items had a change of mind after the event,
and declined to remove them, so in the end we kept one or
two of the larger pieces and disposed of the rest as best
we could."
"And the workmen, my dear; do not forget them."
Mrs. Fitzgerald shuddered. "How could I forget? We
had no end of difficulty with the workmen we had employed
to carry out the repairs. What should have been a very
straightforward piece of work, according to the man who
was in charge, became fraught with difficulty. Some of the
men took to turning up late, or not at all, and there were
delays with some of the material, and scarcely a day went
by without some accident or other. Oh, they were very minor
things, we were assured, but troubling nonetheless, and at
one point it seemed the work would never be completed. At
last we resorted to offering a larger sum than initially
negotiated, and eventually all was finished and we were
able to take up residence."

"One moment," said Low, at the same time that
Holmes interjected with "A question, if I may." The two
detectives looked at each other; then Low smiled and
waved his hand towards my friend. "Please, Mr. Holmes."
"Thank you." Holmes turned to the Fitzgeralds. "The
workmen who were employed: were they local men, or from
further afield?"
"There were a handful of local men, Mr. Holmes,"
replied Mrs. Fitzgerald, "but the man in charge had to
obtain most of the workforce from further away, some as far
as Coventry. As I mentioned, there was some considerable
ill-feeling towards the late owner of Lufford Abbey."
"Considerable indeed, if it extended even after his
death," remarked Holmes. "Were you both here while this
work was being carried out?"
"No; it would have been far too inconvenient. We had
regular reports from the man in charge, and my husband
would come by on occasion to check on the progress—or
rather the lack of it."
"Thank you," said Holmes. "Mr. Low?"
"I was going to ask about the dogs," said Low, "the
ones which you felt were responsible for the damage. Do
you know for a fact that Karswell kept dogs?"
"No," replied Mr. Fitzgerald slowly. "Indeed, it did
strike me as odd, as from what we knew of him he seemed
unlikely to be a man who kept pets."
"This damage they caused; was it general, or confined

to one particular place?"
"Again, it is very odd, Mr. Low. One would not expect
dogs to be particular as to where they caused damage, yet
it all seemed to be located in the one room, on the first
floor. It is a very fine room, with views out over the park, and
we understood that Karswell used it as his study."
"What sort of damage was caused?"
"Well, as my wife said, it appeared that the animals
had clawed around the base of the wooden panelling in the
room. Quite deep gouges they were, too, which is why the
wood needed to be replaced."
"Do any of the marks remain?"
Mrs. Fitzgerald drew in her breath sharply, and Mr.
Fitzgerald's already pale face seemed to go a shade
whiter. It was a moment before he answered.
"When we took up residence my answer would have
been no, Mr. Low; none of the marks remained. However,
since then they . . . they have returned."
"Returned?" said Holmes sharply. "What do you
mean?"
"I will come to that in a moment, Mr. Holmes," said
Mrs. Fitzgerald. She paused, as if to gather her thoughts,
then continued with her tale.
"As I say, we took up residence; that was in early
March. At first all was well; we were busy settling in, and
there were a hundred-and-one things to do and be seen to,
and anything odd we put down to the fact that we were in a

very old house that was still strange to us.
"Gradually, however, we became aware that things
were happening which were not at all usual. It began with a
sound, very faint, in the room above us . . . " She broke off
with a shudder, and Mr. Fitzgerald looked at her with
concern.
"Margaret, would you like me to continue?"
"Yes please," she said in a quiet voice, and her
husband took up the tale.
"At first we both thought that it was one of the maids,
cleaning; it was only later that we realised the sounds were
heard at times when there should not have been anyone in
the room. You will forgive us, gentlemen, for being
somewhat slow to remark on this fact, but at first it seemed
such a trifling matter that we gave it little thought.
"The next thing that occurred was a cold draught, which
always seemed to play about the room. Now one must, I
fear, expect draughts in a house as old as this, but we did
not notice such a thing anywhere else; indeed, the house
was, as my wife said, very sound, which made it all the
more odd that it should be confined to this one room. We
examined the windows and walls and around the door, and
could find nothing to account for it. It began to be quite
uncomfortable to be in the room, which I used, as Mr.
Karswell had, as a study. I had hoped that as the spring
approached the draughts would stop; but if anything they
seemed to get worse.

"The sounds had continued all this time; not constant,
by any means, but frequent enough to become unnerving.
We told ourselves that it was some trick, perhaps related to
the draughts; but one evening we heard the sounds more
distinctly than before. They seemed changed, too; if we had
heard them like that from the first we would not have
mistaken them for the footsteps of a person. It was a dull,
heavy, dragging sound, rather as if a large dog was moving
with difficulty about the floor. I would go to investigate, but I
never saw anything, although I found that I did not care to be
alone in that room.
"Then one day one of the maids came to us, almost in
tears, poor thing, because she said that she had been in
the room to fill the coal scuttle and had heard what she
thought was a growl, as of a large dog. She said that she
had a careful look around the room, thinking that perhaps
some stray animal had got in, but could see nothing
untoward, and was continuing with her work when she
distinctly felt something large and soft brush heavily against
her, not once but twice, as if a dog had walked past her
quite close and then turned back.
"Of course we went to look—it was all we could do to
persuade Ellen to go back in, even though we were with her
—but found nothing. We reassured the girl as best we
could, and my wife took her down to the kitchen so that she
could have a cup of tea, and I took one last look round; and
it was then that I saw the marks on the wall."

"These are the claw marks to which your wife has
alluded?" asked Holmes.
"Yes. As we explained, the panelling in that room was
ripped out and completely replaced, and I remember
thinking to myself what a fine job the men had done. So you
can imagine my surprise and consternation when I saw
marks on the woodwork. At first I thought that perhaps they
had been caused by something being bumped against the
wall accidentally, but when I examined them I saw that they
were quite deep, and identical in every way with the marks
which had been there before. I must admit, Mr. Holmes, that
I was startled, to say the least, and I was glad that my wife
had left the room, particularly in light of what happened next.
For as I stood there, trying to make sense of it, I heard a
soft, shuffling noise, such as a dog or other large animal
might make, getting up and shaking itself. And then, before
I could move, I felt something brush against me; something
heavy, and soft."
"Did you see anything?"
"No, I did not; nor, I will say, did I stay to look about
more closely. I was on the other side of the door, and had
closed it, before I could think clearly once more. When I did,
I locked the door, and later told the servants that we would
not be using that room for a time, and that they need not
bother with it unless we told them otherwise."
"The servants," said Holmes thoughtfully. "Have they
been with you for some time, or did they work for Mr.

Karswell?"
"None of Mr. Karswell's servants stayed on, Mr.
Holmes," said Mrs. Fitzgerald; "they were dismissed
immediately upon his death. From what I heard of them I
would not have wished to employ any of them. A queer,
secretive lot, apparently, who were disliked almost as much
as their master. No, the servants here have all been with us
for some time, and I trust them implicitly."
"Has anything else untoward happened?" asked
Holmes. "Have either of you noticed any signs of your
things having been tampered with, or has anything gone
missing that you cannot account for?"
"No, Mr. Holmes," said Mrs. Fitzgerald. "The—
disturbances—seem confined to that one room."
"I think, then, that we should take a look at this rather
singular-sounding room," said Holmes, rising. "Will you
show us the way?"
We followed the Fitzgeralds out of the room and made
our way up the stairs. The spring day was drawing to a
close, and the lamps were lit throughout the house. Was it
my imagination, or did the hall seem a trifle darker outside
the door before which our host and hostess halted? Such a
thought had, I felt, occurred to Flaxman Low, for I noticed
that he glanced sharply up and down the hall and then up at
the light closest to us, which seemed dimmer than its
fellows. Before I could remark on this, however, Mr.
Fitzgerald had produced a key from his pocket, unlocked

the heavy door in front of us, and pushed it open.
A sudden cold draught played around my ankles with a
force which startled me, as if a tangible presence had
pushed at me from within the room. I could see from the
looks on the faces of my companions that they had felt what
I did, and I confess that I hesitated for a moment before
entering the room.
It was a large room, and I imagined that it would have
been pleasant in the daylight, with its wide windows looking
out over the expanse of lawn, and the panelling on the walls
creating a warm, rich glow. However, in the evening dusk,
with lamps the only source of illumination, and the strange
tale we had been told still ringing in my ears, it presented
an aspect almost of malignancy. I had a sudden feeling that
we were intruding in a place which contained dark secrets,
and if one of my companions had suggested we leave I
would have followed willingly. However, both Holmes and
Low advanced to the centre of the room and stood looking
about with penetrating glances, taking in every detail.
Holmes turned to Mr. Fitzgerald.
"Where are these marks of which you spoke?"
"Over here, Mr. Holmes." We followed him to one side
of the room, where he knelt and pointed to a section of wall
beside the fireplace, which was surmounted by a carved
mantelpiece embellished with leaves and branches. We
could all see plainly the deep scores running along the
wood; they did, in truth, look like the claw marks of a large

dog, although I would not have liked to meet the beast that
made them. As Mr. Fitzgerald went to stand up, he glanced
to one side of him, and uttered a soft exclamation.
"There are more!"
"Are you sure of that?" Low's voice contained a note of
urgency which was not lost on Mr. Fitzgerald.
"I am positive! The last time I looked they extended no
further than this panel"—he pointed—"but now you can see
for yourselves that they continue further along the wall, up to
the fireplace itself. I don't understand it! The room has been
locked for the last week, and no one has entered it, of that I
am sure. What could be doing this?"
"I have an idea, as I am sure Mr. Holmes does," said
Flaxman Low quietly; "although whether or not these ideas
will agree remains to be seen." He straightened up from
where he had been crouching by the wall, running his hand
along the marks, and looked around the room. His gaze
seemed to be held by a large, ornately carved desk which
stood close by. "You said that you purchased one or two
pieces from the estate of Mr. Karswell. May I ask if that
desk was one of those pieces?"
Mrs. Fitzgerald gazed at Low in astonishment. "Yes, it
is; but how did you know?"
"Tsk, tsk," said Holmes, approaching the desk, "it is
quite obvious that while the other pieces in the room were
chosen by someone with an eye for symmetry and comfort,
this desk was not; it does not match anything else in the

room. Furthermore, it is one of two desks in the room; the
other is quite obviously used extensively, to judge by the
papers, pens, ink, books, and other items on its surface,
whereas this one is singularly clear of any such items. Not,
therefore, a piece of furniture which is in regular use, which
rather suggests an afterthought of some sort, here on
sufferance only."
"You are quite right," said Mr. Fitzgerald. "That was
one of the items we bought from Karswell's estate, as the
original purchaser unaccountably decided against buying it.
At the time it seemed a reasonable enough purchase, but
for some reason . . . " His voice trailed off.
"You found yourself unwilling to use it, and
uncomfortable when you did," supplied Low.
"Precisely," said Mr. Fitzgerald gratefully. "It is, as you
can see, a handsome piece, and I had some thought of
making it my own desk; but for reasons that I cannot
articulate I always felt uncomfortable when working at it, and
it was not long before I abandoned it altogether in favour of
the other desk."
Flaxman Low walked over to the carved desk and ran
his hand over it. "Karswell's desk," he murmured to himself.
"That is certainly intriguing."
"Yes," said Holmes crisply. "For there are few things
which can tell us more about a man than his desk. Tell me,
did you find anything in it?"
"That is a curious thing, Mr. Holmes. When we

purchased it the desk was, as we thought, quite empty, and
I made sure that nothing had been left in it; there could have
been something valuable which his executors should know
about. I found nothing; but a few days later, I happened to
be opening one of the drawers, to place something within it,
and it stuck. I pulled and pushed, and gradually worked it
free, and found a small piece of paper at the back of it,
which had obviously fallen out and become wedged in
behind."
"Do you still have this paper?" asked Holmes eagerly,
and Mr. Fitzgerald nodded towards his desk.
"I put it with my own papers; although I confess I do not
know why, as it seemed without value." He moved to the
other desk, where he rummaged around in one of the
drawers. The rest of us stood close together, as if by
common consent, and waited for him to return. When he did
he was holding a small piece of yellowed paper, which he
handed to my friend, who held it out so that we could all
read it. There, in a neat hand, we saw the following:
Nonne haec condita sunt apud me et signata in
thesauris meis.
Mea est ultio et ego retribuam in tempore ut labatur
pes eorum iuxta est dies perditionis et adesse festinant
tempora.
"What on earth does it mean?" I asked in some
puzzlement.
"Well, I wondered that myself, Dr. Watson. My own

Latin is not, I am afraid, as good as it once was, but after a
little thought I realised it was from the Vulgate—
Deuteronomy 32, verses 34 and 35—and translates as 'Is
not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my
treasures? To me belongeth vengeance and recompense;
their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity
is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make
haste.'"
Both men gave a start, and I could see that they were
thinking furiously. "Treasures," said Holmes thoughtfully,
while Low murmured "Vengeance and recompense." Both
turned at the same moment and gazed at the section of wall
where the claw marks were most visible. My friend glanced
at Flaxman Low.
"I believe our thoughts are moving along the same
lines, Mr. Low," he said quietly.
"Yes," replied the other, "although I suspect that our
conclusions are slightly different." He turned to the
Fitzgeralds, who were gazing from one man to the other
with a bewildered air, and addressed our host. "Will you
kindly bring an axe and a crowbar? This may prove a
difficult job."
"Why, yes, of course," replied Mr. Fitzgerald. "But what
is it that you are going to do?"
"I—that is to say we, for I believe Mr. Low and I have
come to the same conclusion—believe that there is a
concealed space hidden behind that section of wall. That is

an outer wall, I take it?"
"Yes; yes, it is," said Mrs. Fitzgerald. "Do you
mean . . . do you think that . . . "
"It is too early yet to say what I think," replied my friend
grimly. "But I believe that the solution to this mystery lies
behind that wall, and the sooner we investigate the sooner
we will put an end to the events which have puzzled you
both."
Mr. Fitzgerald departed to find the required
implements; but in the end they proved unnecessary. While
he was gone both Holmes and Low searched the fireplace,
running their hands along the carvings, and within a few
moments of our host's return Holmes gave a small cry of
satisfaction. "Here we have it, I think," he said triumphantly,
and we all heard a click which, slight as it was, seemed to
echo throughout the room, so still were we all. Our gaze
turned to the section of wall which we had previously
examined, and I do not know which of us was the most
startled to see a section of the panelling move slightly, as if
it were being pushed from behind by an unseen force.
Indeed, this very thought must have occurred to each of us,
for we all remained motionless for some moments. It was
Low, followed closely by my friend, who finally stepped
towards the disturbed section of wall, and together the two
men grasped the edge of the piece of panelling which, we
could now see, had moved. I stepped forward with a lamp,
as did Mr. Fitzgerald, while his wife stood behind us,

peering anxiously over our shoulders.
The two men pulled at the wood panel, and for a
moment it did not move, as if it were being held from the
other side. Then, with a sound very like a sigh, the panel
pulled away from the wall, leaving a rectangle of inky
darkness behind it.
We all stepped back as a blast of icy air came from
out the space thus revealed. After a moment we moved
closer, and I held the light up in order that we could see
inside.
I do not know what I expected to see, but it was not the
sight which was presented to my eyes. A small table, like
an altar, had been erected inside the space, which was
barely wide enough to accommodate a man, and hanging
above it was an inverted cross made of some dark wood,
which Low dashed to the ground with an exclamation of
disgust. A set of what looked like vestments was draped
over one edge of the table, on the top of which was a book
bound in cracked and faded black leather, and several vials
of dark liquid, while the topmost of the two drawers
contained pens, ink, and several thin strips of parchment.
When the bottom drawer was opened Low gave an
exclamation which mingled surprise with satisfaction, and
withdrew a series of notebooks tied together with string,
which he slit with a penknife. He glanced through the books
and looked up at us.
"It is as I thought," he said quietly, and Holmes nodded.

"Yes," said my friend, "we have found what I expected
to find," and he gestured to his left. Twisting our heads and
looking down the narrow aperture, we saw that a set of
rough stone steps was carved into the floor of the chamber,
and apparently carried down between the inner and outer
walls. "I have no doubt," continued my friend, "that when
those stairs are examined they will prove to communicate
with a hidden door on the outer wall of the house, or
perhaps a tunnel which leads to some secluded spot."
We were all silent, gazing down into the black depths
which seemed to swallow the light afforded by our lamps.
As we stood clustered together, there came again that
blast of icy air, and a faint sound, as of padding footsteps.
Low immediately moved back from the opening, and
motioned for us to do the same.
"I think," he said gravely, "that we would do well to
close this now, and seal the room until morning. Then we
can take the necessary steps to prevent any further
disturbances."
By common, unspoken consent we refrained from
discussing the matter that was uppermost on our minds all
through supper, when servants were in and out of the
dining-room. After supper Mrs. Fitzgerald retired to the
sitting-room and we gentlemen were not long in following
her, as we knew that she was as anxious as her husband
and I to hear what the two detectives had to say. When

coffee and brandy had been poured and Holmes and Low
had lit their pipes, we sat back and waited for them to
begin. Low motioned for my friend to go first, and Holmes
addressed himself to us.
"My reading of the case began with the character of
the late, and apparently unlamented, former owner of
Lufford Abbey, Mr. Julian Karswell. Shorn of melodrama,
what I knew of him amounted to this: that he was a man of
some wealth who had a good many enemies, who chose to
live in seclusion, and who died in circumstances which,
though certainly out of the ordinary, could not be considered
overly mysterious. Shortly after arriving I learned that his
house, Lufford Abbey, was built during a time when, for
various reasons, it was thought expedient by some families
to have a secret room or chamber built, in order to conceal
a person or persons from over-zealous eyes.
"That Karswell knew of this chamber is obvious,
judging by the effects we found there; and I suspect that at
least one of his servants would also have known of the
existence of the room, in order to prevent a mishap should
the master of the house find himself locked in and unable to
emerge. In my experience, even the most secretive and
close-mouthed of servants will, under the correct
circumstances, divulge information of a sensitive nature,
perhaps to secure esteem or reward, and I would not be
surprised to find that Karswell's secret chamber was not,
perhaps, the secret he thought it was amongst some of the
villagers. Hence we have a man of secretive nature and

some wealth, who dies suddenly, and whose household is
scattered to the four winds almost immediately. That there
was considerable ill-feeling towards him locally has been
established, and I think it probable that some of the locals
amongst the workmen who came here discovered the
hidden chamber during the course of their repairs, and then
found it expedient to delay work on the house, so that they
might have time to examine it for more secrets.
"As to the noises of footsteps you heard, and the cold
wind: all this can be explained by some person or persons
—as the footsteps sounded like those of two distinct
people—using the stairs and the secret chamber as a
means of entering and leaving the house in order to search
for something of value that they felt might be hidden; for you
spoke of treasure, Mr. Low, as did you, Mrs. Fitzgerald, and
these views are borne out by the passage which we found
in Karswell's desk, which specifically mentions treasure. It
was stated, however, that no treasures had been amongst
Mr. Karswell's effects. This would suggest that his treasures
were well hidden, and that someone knew—or suspected
—as much, and decided to continue the search. I wager
that there are more hiding spaces in this house than the
one we found tonight, and that a careful search will reveal
Mr. Karswell's treasure; while blocking up both entrances to
the hidden chamber will eliminate the noises, and sounds,
which have troubled you so much."
"But what of the feeling of something rubbing against
me, Mr. Holmes?" enquired Mr. Fitzgerald. "Ellen the maid

felt it too, yet neither of us saw anything."
"I suspect that the maid was imagining things, Mr.
Fitzgerald; she was overwrought, as your wife stated. When
you went up to the room you remembered her words, and
something as simple as a draught of air became a
phantom shape."
"What of the claw marks, and that odd note we found in
the desk?" asked Mrs. Fitzgerald. She had brightened
considerably over the past hour, as if a terrible burden had
been lifted from her; but her husband, I noted, still wore a
worried and drawn expression.
"Those are very easily explained. The note was, I think,
meant as a taunt for any who presumed to look for
Karswell's treasure, by mentioning it particularly; and I
daresay that if one were to take a chisel to the panelling,
one would make very similar marks to those we saw. When
a person is looking for what he thinks is hidden treasure, he
is not apt to be overly concerned about leaving traces of his
handiwork on the walls, particularly if they are being
ascribed to supernatural means which allow him to search
without fear of being discovered."
Holmes sat back in his chair, and Mrs. Fitzgerald
clapped her hands together softly. "Thank you, Mr.
Holmes," she said quietly; "you have taken a great weight
from my mind. I felt sure that there was a perfectly natural
and logical explanation for these strange events, and I have
no doubt but that you have hit upon the correct solution. I am

sure that if we take your advice and seal up the chamber
properly, there will be no further disturbances at Lufford
Abbey."
"By all means seal up the chamber," said Flaxman
Low, who had listened attentively to my friend's explanation,
"but not before you destroy all the items found within it—as
well as the desk, and any other items which belonged to
Karswell—by burning them, and with as little delay as
possible."
"Why do you say that, Mr. Low?" asked Mr. Fitzgerald.
He, too, had listened attentively to Holmes's speech, but
did not seem as convinced as did his wife.
"Because I believe that Julian Karswell was an evil
man, and that anything associated with him carries that
stamp of evil, and will continue to do so until it is destroyed
by the purifying element of fire. Only that will put an end to
your troubles." He glanced towards my friend. "Both Mr.
Holmes and I agree that the cause of the disturbances in
this house is Karswell; but I am prepared to grant him a
much larger part than is my colleague here.
"Karswell made it his life's work to not only study and
document the black arts, but to dabble in them himself. He
believed, as many others have before him, that he was
capable of controlling that which he unleashed; and as so
many others have found, too late, he was greatly mistaken.
"We know him to have been a man both subtle and
malicious, and one who desired to protect and keep secret

what belonged to him. He had written a book on witchcraft,
and was rumoured to have written—if not completed—a
second volume. For a man such as Karswell, would this
manuscript not have been a treasure beyond price? The
years of work poured into it, and the price that was
doubtless extracted from him for the knowledge he
received, would have made him value this above all else,
and I believe that he would have ensured that it was . . . well
guarded during his absence in July of last year. That this
absence was to prove permanent did not, of course, occur
to him; and once set in place, the guardian appointed by
Karswell would continue to do its duty, neither knowing nor
caring of the death of its master."
"You speak of a guardian, Mr. Low," said our host in a
low voice. "What precisely do you mean?"
Flaxman Low shrugged. "Guardians can take many
shapes and forms," he replied, "depending on the skill and
audacity of those who call them up. That Karswell was an
adept in the field of magic is not, I think, in dispute; we have
the death of one man, and the near-death of another, to
attest to this. I believe that Karswell summoned a guardian
that was in a shape known to him; possibly something not
unlike a large dog. It was this guardian which was
responsible for the claw marks on the walls, and the soft,
padding sound which you heard, and the cold draught
which you felt: manifestations of this sort are frequently
accompanied by a chill in the atmosphere, sometimes
quite severe. I also think it unlikely that the workmen

discovered the chamber; there were no signs of anything
within it being disturbed, and I am sure that its discovery
could not have been kept a secret. The door was, as we
saw, quite cleverly built, and I believe the workmen did not
realise it was there."
"But why did this guardian not venture outside that one
room?" asked Mr. Fitzgerald. Like his wife a few minutes
earlier, he now looked considerably more relieved than he
had been since we arrived; the prospect of putting an end
to his troubles by following Low's advice had obviously
taken a weight from his shoulders.
"Without knowing the specifics of what Karswell did to
conjure it up in the first place, I cannot say. I do know,
however, that very powerful constraints must be laid on
these creatures, lest they turn on those who create them. It
could well be that Karswell's guardian was restricted to that
place, near its master's treasure." He paused, and gazed
thoughtfully at his hosts. "From the manner in which the
sounds it made changed, I should say that it was growing
stronger as time passed, and that it is as well that we
arrived when we did, before it grew even more powerful."
"And what did you make of the note, Mr. Low?" asked
our host. Low smiled gently.
"I, too, took it as a taunt, although I interpreted it
somewhat differently to Mr. Holmes. He seized on the word
'treasure,' whereas I was struck by the use of the word
'vengeance,' and the reference to 'the things that shall come

upon them.'"
There was silence then, as we all pondered what we
had just heard. Looking upon the faces of Mr. and Mrs.
Fitzgerald, I could see that their troubles were, if not quite at
an end, at least fading rapidly. Mr. Fitzgerald, it was clear,
was prepared to believe Flaxman Low's interpretation of
events, while his wife believed that Holmes had hit upon the
correct solution. I caught the latter's eye as I thought this,
and he must have read my thoughts, for he laughed and
said, "Well, we have two solutions, and three listeners. I
know that two of you have already made up your minds, so
it remains for Dr. Watson to cast the deciding vote. Which
shall it be, friend Watson? Tell us your verdict."
I glanced from the one detective to the other: both so
alike in their methods, so sure of their case, yet so different
in their explanations. I took a deep breath.
"I am glad of my Scottish heritage at this moment," I
said, "for it allows me to answer, quite properly, 'Not
Proven.'" And further than that I would not be drawn.
There remains little to tell of this strange case. The
following morning, as soon as it was light, a proper
investigation of the secret chamber was made. Nothing
more was found beyond what we had already seen; and the
stone steps did, as surmised, lead down through the
thickness of the outer wall to a tunnel which stretched away
from the house and emerged in a small outbuilding some

distance away. The tunnel was in surprisingly good repair,
leading Holmes to believe that his theory of treasureseekers was correct. Low said nothing, but I noted that he
spent some time scrutinising the floor of the tunnel, which
was, I saw, free from any marks that would seem to indicate
the recent passage of any corporeal trespasser. The
entrances to both chamber and tunnel were sealed shut so
as to make both impassable; but not before everything had
been removed from the chamber, and everything of
Karswell's taken from the study, and burned.
I have not heard that the Fitzgeralds have been
troubled since that time; nor did I ever hear of any treasures
being found in the house.
One other item, perhaps, bears mentioning. Low had
been invited to travel back to London with us, and we found
ourselves with some time to spare in the village before our
train was due to arrive. We walked, by common accord,
over to the small parish church where, we recalled, some of
the items salvaged from the original Abbey of Lufford had
been stored, and spent a pleasant half-hour therein,
admiring the church and its relics. Holmes, indicating that it
was time to leave for the station, went outside, and I looked
around for Flaxman Low, whom I found staring intently into a
glass case which contained some of the remains of the old
Abbey. As I paused by his side he turned and smiled at me.
"Ah, Dr. Watson," he said; "or should it be 'Gentleman
of the Jury'? Do you still find for 'Not Proven,' or have you

had any second thoughts?"
I shook my head. "I do not know," I said honestly. "I
have worked with Holmes for many years, and am rather
inclined to his viewpoint that there is nothing that cannot be
explained logically and rationally. And yet . . . " I paused. "I
am not, I think, more imaginative than my fellow man, nor a
person inclined to foolish fancies; yet I confess to you that
as we stood outside the door of that room, I would have
given a good deal not to go in there; and all the while we
were inside it, I felt that there was . . . something in the room
with us, something malignant, evil." I shook my head. "I do
not know," I repeated, "but I am prepared to weigh the
evidence and be convinced."
Low reached out and shook my hand. "Thank you," he
said quietly. Then his eyes returned to the case which he
had been studying, and he pointed at an item within it. "I
was reading this before you came over," he said. "It is one
of the relics from the Abbey of Lufford, a tile that dates back
to the fifteenth century. The original is in Middle English,
and rather difficult to make out, but a translation is on the
card beside it. I wonder if Karswell ever saw it; in the
unlikely event that he did, he certainly paid no heed to the
warning."
I gazed at the card, and read the following words from
Lufford Abbey:
Think, man, thy life may not ever endure; what thou
dost thyself, of that thou art sure; but what thou keepest for

thy executor's care, and whether it avail thee, is but
adventure.

Murder to Music
by Anthony Burgess
Anthony Burgess is the world-renowned author of the
dystopian novel A Clockwork Orange . His other novels
include Inside Mr. Enderby (et seq.), Earthly Powers,
and The Long Day Wanes trilogy. Several of his short
stories, including this one, can be found in his book
The Devil's Mode. Although most readers probably
know Burgess because of his fiction, he was a prolific
writer of non-fiction and criticism, and he worked on a
number of screenplays and as a translator. Burgess
was also a composer of music, which, as you might
guess from the title, served him well in writing this tale.
The first wife of prolific author Isaac Asimov once
chided him for spending so much time working,
saying, "When you're on your deathbed, and you've
written a hundred books, what'll you say then?" To
which Asimov replied, "I'll say, 'Only a hundred!'" In
point of fact, Asimov had written or edited closer to
five hundred books by the time he died. In a world of
poseurs and dilettantes, of people who chatter
constantly about the art they intend to create
"someday" or "when I have time," it can be inspiring to

see people who are so dedicated to their work that the
terms art and life become inseparable, and who keep
on working right up until the end. The legendary
Japanese artist Hokusai, known for masterpieces
such as Thirty-six Views of Mt. Fuji, is said to have
exclaimed on his deathbed, "If only Heaven will give
me just another ten years . . . Just another five more
years, then I could become a real painter." If you're one
of those people who's moved by the idea of an artist
practicing his art right up until the moment of death,
you may find this next tale highly inspirational. Or
maybe not, given the circumstances.
Sir Edwin Etheridge, the eminent specialist in tropical
diseases, had had the kindness to invite me to share with
him the examination of a patient of his in the Marylebone
area. It seemed to Sir Edwin that this patient, a young man
who had never set foot outside England, was suffering from
an ailment known as latah—common enough in the Malay
archipelago but hitherto unknown, so far as the clinical
records, admittedly not very reliable, could advise, in the
temperate clime of northern Europe. I was able to confirm
Sir Edwin's tentative diagnosis: the young man was
morbidly suggestible, imitating any action he either saw or
heard described, and was, on my entrance into his
bedroom, exhausting himself with the conviction that he had
been metamorphosed into a bicycle. The disease is

incurable but intermittent: it is of psychical rather than
nervous provenance, and can best be eased by repose,
solitude, opiates and tepid malt drinks. As I strolled down
Marylebone Road after the consultation, it seemed to me
the most natural thing in the world to turn into Baker Street
to visit my old friend, lately returned, so the Times informed
me, from some nameless assignment in Marrakesh. This, it
later transpired, was the astonishing case of the Moroccan
poisonous palmyra, of which the world is not yet ready to
hear.
I found Holmes rather warmly clad for a London July
day, in dressing gown, winter comforter and a jewelled
turban which, he was to inform me, was the gift of the mufti
of Fez—donated in gratitude for some service my friend
was not willing to specify. He was bronzed and clearly
inured to a greater heat than our own, but not, except for the
turban, noticeably exoticised by his sojourn in the land of
the Mohammedan. He had been trying to breathe smoke
through a hubble-bubble but had given up the endeavour.
"The flavour of rose water is damnably sickly, Watson," he
remarked, "and the tobacco itself of a mildness further
debilitated by its long transit through these ingenious but
ridiculous conduits." With evident relief he drew some of his
regular cut from the Turkish slipper by the fireless hearth,
filled his curved pipe, lighted it with a vesta and then looked
at me amiably. "You have been with Sir Edwin Etheridge,"
he said, "in, I should think, St John's Wood Road."
"This is astonishing, Holmes," I gasped. "How can you

possibly know?"
"Easy enough," puffed my friend. "St John's Wood
Road is the only London thoroughfare where deciduous
redwood has been planted, and a leaf of that tree,
prematurely fallen, adheres to the sole of your left boot. As
for the other matter, Sir Edwin Etheridge is in the habit of
sucking Baltimore mint lozenges as a kind of token
prophylactic. You have been sucking one yourself. They are
not on the London market, and I know of no other man who
has them specially imported."
"You are quite remarkable, Holmes," I said.
"Nothing, my dear Watson. I have been perusing the
Times, as you may have observed from its crumpled state
on the floor—a womanish habit, I suppose, God bless the
sex—with a view to informing myself on events of national
import, in which, naturally enough, the enclosed world of
Morocco takes little interest."
"Are there not French newspapers there?"
"Indeed, but they contain no news of events in the rival
empire. I see we are to have a state visit from the young
king of Spain."
"That would be his infant majesty Alfonso the
Thirteenth," I somewhat gratuitously amplified. "I take it that
his mother the regent, the fascinating Maria Christina, will
be accompanying him."
"There is much sympathy for the young monarch,"
Holmes said, "especially here. But he has his republican

and anarchist enemies. Spain is in a state of great political
turbulence. It is reflected even in contemporary Spanish
music." He regarded his violin, which lay waiting for its
master in its open case, and resined the bow lovingly. "The
petulant little fiddle tunes I heard in Morocco day and night,
Watson, need to be excised from my head by something
more complex and civilized. One string only, and usually
one note on one string. Nothing like the excellent
Sarasate." He began to play an air which he assured me
was Spanish, though I heard in it something of Spain's
Moorish inheritance, wailing, desolate and remote. Then
with a start Holmes looked at his turnip watch, a gift from
the Duke of Northumberland. "Good heavens, we'll be late.
Sarasate is playing this very afternoon at St James's Hall."
And he doffed his turban and robe and strode to his
dressing room to habit himself more suitably for a London
occasion. I kept my own counsel, as always, concerning my
feelings on the subject of Sarasate and, indeed, on music
in general. I lacked Holmes's artistic flair. As for Sarasate, I
could not deny that he played wonderfully well for a foreign
fiddler, but there was a smugness in the man's
countenance as he played that I found singularly
unattractive. Holmes knew nothing of my feelings and,
striding in in his blue velvet jacket with trousers of a lightclothed Mediterranean cut, a white shirt of heavy silk and a
black Bohemian tie carelessly knotted, he assumed in me
his own anticipatory pleasure. "Come, Watson," he cried. "I
have been trying in my own damnably amateurish way to

make sense of Sarasate's own latest composition. Now the
master himself will hand me the key. The key of D major,"
he added.
"Shall I leave my medical bag here?"
"No, Watson. I don't doubt that you have some gentle
anaesthetic there to ease you through the more tedious
phases of the recital." He smiled as he said this, but I felt
abashed at his all too accurate appraisal of my attitude to
the sonic art.
The hot afternoon seemed, to my fancy, to have
succumbed to the drowsiness of the Middle Sea, as
through Holmes's own inexplicable influence. It was difficult
to find a cab and, when we arrived at St James's Hall, the
recital had already begun. When we had been granted the
exceptional privilege of taking our seats at the back of the
hall while the performance of an item was already in
progress, I was quick enough myself to prepare for a
Mediterranean siesta. The great Sarasate, then at the
height of his powers, was fiddling away at some abstruse
mathematics of Bach, to the accompaniment on the
pianoforte of a pleasant-looking young man whose
complexion proclaimed him to be as Iberian as the master.
He seemed nervous, though not of his capabilities on the
instrument. He glanced swiftly behind him towards the
curtain which shut off the platform from the wings and
passages of the administrative arcana of the hall but then,
as if reassured, returned wholeheartedly to his music.

Meanwhile Holmes, eyes half-shut, gently tapped on his
right knee the rhythm of the intolerably lengthy equation
which was engaging the intellects of the musically devout,
among whom I remarked the pale red-bearded young
Irishman who was making his name as a critic and a
polemicist. I slept.
I slept, indeed, very soundly. I was awakened not by
the music but by the applause, to which Sarasate was
bowing with Latin extravagance. I glanced covertly at my
watch to find that a great deal of music had passed over my
sleeping brain; there must have been earlier applause to
which my drowsy grey cells had proved impervious. Holmes
apparently had not noted my somnolence or, perhaps
noting it, had been too discreet to arouse me or, now, to
comment on my boorish indifference to that art he adored.
"The work in question, Watson," he said, "is about to
begin." And it began. It was a wild piece in which never
fewer than three strings of the four were simultaneously in
action, full of the rhythm of what I knew, from a brief visit to
Granada, to be the zapateado. It ended with furious chords
and a high single note that only a bat could have found
euphonious. "Bravo," cried Holmes with the rest, vigorously
clapping. And then the noise of what to me seemed
excessive approbation was pierced by the crack of a single
gunshot. There was smoke and the tang of a frying
breakfast, and the young accompanist cried out. His head
collapsed onto the keys of his instrument, producing a
hideous jangle, and then the head, with its unseeing eyes

and an open mouth from which blood relentlessly pumped
in a galloping tide, raised itself and seemed to accuse the
entire audience of a ghastly crime against nature. Then,
astonishingly, the fingers of the right hand of the dying man
picked at one note of the keyboard many times, following
this with a seemingly delirious phrase of a few different
notes which he repeated and would have continued to
repeat if the rattle of death had not overtaken him. He
slumped to the floor of the platform. The women in the
audience screamed. Meanwhile the master Sarasate
clutched his valuable violin to his bosom—a Stradivarius,
Holmes later was to inform me—as though that had been
the target of the gunshot.
Holmes was, as ever, quick to act. "Clear the hall!" he
shouted. The manager appeared, trembling and deathly
pale, to add a feebler shout to the same effect. Attendants
somewhat roughly assisted the horrified audience to leave.
The red-bearded young Irishman nodded at Holmes as he
left, saying something to the effect that it was as well that
the delicate fingers of the amateur should anticipate the
coarse questing paws of the Metropolitan professionals,
adding that it was a bad business: that young Spanish
pianist had promised well. "Come, Watson," said Holmes,
striding towards the platform. "He has lost much blood but
he may not be quite dead." But I saw swiftly enough that he
was past any help that the contents of my medical bag
could possibly provide. The rear of the skull was totally
shattered.

Holmes addressed Sarasate in what I took to be
impeccable Castilian, dealing every courtesy and much
deference. Sarasate seemed to say that the young man,
whose name was Gonzáles, had served as his
accompanist both in Spain and on foreign tours for a little
over six months, that he knew nothing of his background
though something of his ambitions as a solo artist and a
composer, and that, to the master's knowledge, he had no
personal enemies. Stay, though: there had been some
rather unsavoury stories circulating in Barcelona about the
adulterous activities of the young Gonzáles, but it was
doubtful if the enraged husband, or conceivably husbands,
would have pursued him to London to effect so dire and
spectacular a revenge. Holmes nodded distractedly,
meanwhile loosening the collar of the dead man.
"A somewhat pointless procedure," I commented.
Holmes said nothing. He merely peered at the lowest
segment of the nape of the corpse's neck, frowned, then
wiped one hand against the other while rising from a crouch
back to his feet. He asked the sweating manager if the act
of assassination had by any chance been observed, either
by himself or by one of his underlings, or, failing that, if any
strange visitant had, to the knowledge of the management,
insinuated himself into the rear area of the hall, reserved
exclusively for artists and staff and protected from the rear
door by a former sergeant of marines, now a member of
the corps of commissionaires. A horrid thought struck the
manager at once, and followed by Holmes and myself, he

rushed down a corridor that led to a door which gave on to
a side alley.
That door was unguarded for a very simple reason. An
old man in the uniform trousers of the corps, though not,
evidently because of the heat, the jacket, lay dead, the back
of his grey head pierced with devilish neatness by a bullet.
The assassin had then presumably effected an unimpeded
transit to the curtains which separated the platform from the
area of offices and dressing rooms.
"It is very much to be regretted," said the distraught
manager, "that no other of the staff was present at the rear,
though if one takes an excusably selfish view of the matter,
it is perhaps not to be regretted. Evidently we had here a
cold-blooded murderer who would stop at nothing." Holmes
nodded and said:
"Poor Simpson. I knew him, Watson. He spent a life
successfully avoiding death from the guns and spears of
Her Imperial Majesty's enemies, only to meet it in a wellearned retirement while peacefully perusing his copy of
Sporting Life. Perhaps," he now said to the manager, "you
would be good enough to explain why the assassin had
only poor Simpson to contend with. In a word, where were
the other members of the staff?"
"The whole affair is very curious, Mr. Holmes," said the
manager, wiping the back of his neck with a handkerchief.
"I received a message just after the start of the recital,
indeed shortly after your good self and your friend here had

taken your seats. The message informed me that the
Prince of Wales and certain friends of his were coming to
the concert, though belatedly. It is, of course, well known
that His Royal Highness is an admirer of Sarasate. There is
a small upper box at the back of the hall normally reserved
for distinguished visitors, as I think you know."
"Indeed," said Holmes. "The Maharajah of Johore was
once kind enough to honour me as his guest in that
exclusive retreat. But do please go on."
"Naturally, myself and my staff," the manager
continued, "assembled at the entrance and remained on
duty throughout the recital, assuming that the distinguished
visitor might arrive only for the final items." He went on to
say that, though considerably puzzled, they had remained in
the vestibule until the final applause, hazarding the guess
that His Royal Highness might, in the imperious but
bonhomous manner that was his wont, command the
Spanish fiddler to favour him with an encore in a hall filled
only with the anticipatory majesty of our future King
Emperor. Thus all was explained save for the essential
problem of the crime itself.
"The message," Holmes demanded of the manager. "I
take it that it was a written message. Might I see it?"
The manager drew from an inner pocket a sheet of
notepaper headed with the princely insignia and signed
with a name known to be that of His Royal Highness's
private secretary. The message was clear and courteous.

The date was the seventh of July. Holmes nodded
indifferently at it and, when the police arrived, tucked the
sheet unobtrusively into a side pocket. Inspector Stanley
Hopkins had responded promptly to the summons
delivered, with admirable efficiency, by one of the
manager's underlings in a fast cab.
"A deplorable business, inspector," Holmes said.
"Two murders, the motive for the first explained by the
second, but the second as yet disclosing no motive at all. I
wish you luck with your investigations."
"You will not be assisting us with the case, Mr.
Holmes?" asked the intelligent young inspector. Holmes
shook his head.
"I am," he said to me in the cab that took us back to
Baker Street, "exhibiting my usual duplicity, Watson. This
case interests me a great deal." Then he said somewhat
dreamily: "Stanley Hopkins, Stanley Hopkins. The name
recalls that of an old teacher of mine, Watson. It always
takes me back to my youthful days at Stoneyhurst College,
where I was taught Greek by a young priest of exquisite
delicacy of mind. Gerard Manley Hopkins was his name."
He chuckled a moment. "I was given taps from a tolly by
him when I was a callow atramontarius. He was the best of
the younger crows, however, always ready to pin a shouting
cake with us in the haggory. Never creeping up on us in the
silent oilers worn by the crabbier jebbies."
"Your vocabulary, Holmes," I said. "It is a foreign

language to me."
"The happiest days of our lives, Watson," he then said
somewhat gloomily.
Over an early dinner of cold lobster and a chicken
salad, helped down by an admirable white burgundy well
chilled, Holmes disclosed himself as vitally concerned with
pursuing this matter of the murder of a foreign national on
British soil, or at least in a London concert room. He
handed me the presumed royal message and asked what
was my opinion of it. I examined the note with some care. "It
seems perfectly in order to me," I said. "The protocol is
regular, the formula, or so I take it, is the usual one. But,
since the manager and his staff were duped, some
irregularity in obtaining the royal notepaper must be
assumed."
"Admirable, Watson. Now kindly examine the date."
"It is today's date."
"True, but the formation of the figure seven is not what
one might expect."
"Ah," I said, "I see your meaning. We British do not
place a bar across the number. This seven is a continental
one."
"Exactly. The message has been written by a
Frenchman or an Italian or, as seems much more probable,
a Spaniard with access to the notepaper of His Royal
Highness. The English and, as you say, the formula are
impeccable. But the signatory is not British. He made a

slight slip there. As for the notepaper, it would be available
only to a person distinguished enough to possess access
to His Royal Highness's premises and to a person
unscrupulous enough to rob him of a sheet of notepaper.
Something in the configuration of the letter e in this
message persuades me that the signatory was Spanish. I
may, naturally, be totally mistaken. But I have very little
doubt that the assassin was Spanish."
"A Spanish husband, with the impetuousness of his
race, exacting a very summary revenge," I said.
"I think the motive of the murder was not at all
domestic. You observed my loosening the collar of the
dead man and you commented with professional
brusqueness on the futility of my act. You were unaware of
the reason for it." Holmes, who now had his pipe alight,
took a pencil and scrawled a curious symbol on the
tablecloth. "Have you ever seen anything like this before,
Watson?" he puffed. I frowned at the scrawl. It seemed to
be a crude representation of a bird with spread wings
seated on a number of upright strokes which could be
taken as a nest. I shook my head. "That, Watson, is a
phoenix rising from the ashes of the flames that consumed
it. It is the symbol of the Catalonian separatists. They are
republicans and anarchists and they detest the centralizing
control of the Castilian monarchy. This symbol was tattooed
on the back of the neck of the murdered man. He must have
been an active member of a conspiratorial group."

"What made you think of looking for it?" I asked.
"I met, quite by chance, a Spaniard in Tangiers who
inveighed in strong terms against the monarchy which had
exiled him and, wiping the upper part of his body for the
heat, disclosed quite frankly that he had an identical tattoo
on his chest."
"You mean," I said incredulously, "that he was in
undress, or, as the French put it, en deshabille!"
"It was an opium den in the Kasbah, Watson," Holmes
said calmly. "Little attention is paid in such places to the
refinements of dress. He mentioned to me that the nape of
the neck was the more usual site of the declaration of faith
in the Catalonian republic, but he preferred the chest,
where, as he put it, he could keep an eye on the symbol
and be reminded of what it signified. I had been wondering
ever since the announcement of the visit to London of the
young Spanish king whether there might be Catalonian
assassins around. It seemed reasonable to me to look on
the body of the murdered man for some indication of a
political adherence."
"So," said I, "it is conceivable that this young Spaniard,
dedicated to art as he seemed to be, proposed killing the
harmless and innocent Alfonso the Thirteenth. The
intelligence services of the Spanish monarchy have, I take
it, acted promptly though illegally. All the forces of European
stability should be grateful that the would-be assassin has
been himself assassinated."

"And the poor old soldier who guarded the door?"
Holmes riposted, his sharp eyes peering at me through the
fog of his tobacco smoke. "Come, Watson, murder is
always a crime." And then he began to hum, not
distractedly, a snatch of tune which seemed vaguely
familiar. His endless repetition of it was interrupted by the
announcement that Inspector Stanley Hopkins had arrived.
"I expected him, Watson," Holmes said, and when the
young police officer had entered the room, he bafflingly
recited:
"And I have asked to be Where no storms come,
Where the green swell is in the havens dumb, And out
of the swing of the sea."
Stanley Hopkins gaped in some astonishment, as I
might have myself had I not been long inured to Holmes's
eccentricities of behaviour. Before Hopkins could stutter a
word of bewilderment, Holmes said: "Well, inspector, I trust
you have come in triumph." But there was no triumph in
Hopkins's demeanour. He handed over to Holmes a sheet
of paper on which there was handwriting in purple ink.
"This, Mr. Holmes, was found on the dead man's
person. It is in Spanish, I think, a language with which
neither I nor my colleagues are at all acquainted. I gather
you know it well. I should be glad if you would assist our
investigation by translating it."
Holmes read both sides of the paper keenly. "Ah,
Watson," he said at length, "this either complicates or

simplifies the issue, I am not as yet sure which. This seems
to be a letter from the young man's father, in which he
implores the son to cease meddling with republican and
anarchistic affairs and concentrate on the practice of his
art. He also, in the well-worn phrase, wags a will at him. No
son of his disloyal to the concept of a unified Spain with a
secure monarchy need expect to inherit a patrimonio. The
father appears to be mortally sick and threatens to deliver a
dying curse on his intransigent offspring. Very Spanish, I
suppose. Highly dramatic. Some passages have the lilt of
operatic arias. We need the Frenchman Bizet to set them
to music."
"So," I said, "it is possible that the young man had
announced his defection from the cause, possessed
information which he proposed to make public or at least
refer to a quarter which had a special interest in it, and then
was brutally murdered before he could make the
divulgation."
"Quite brilliant, Watson," said Holmes, and I flushed
discreetly with pleasure. It was rarely that he gave voice to
praise untempered by sarcasm. "And a man who has killed
so remorselessly twice is all too likely to do so again. What
arrangements, inspector," he asked young Hopkins, "have
the authorities made for the security of our royal Spanish
visitors?"
"They arrive this evening, as you doubtless know, on
the last of the packets from Boulogne. At Folkestone they

will be transferred immediately to a special train. They will
be accommodated at the Spanish embassy. Tomorrow
they travel to Windsor. The following day there will be
luncheon with the prime minister. There will be a special
performance of Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan's
Gondoliers—"
"In which the Spanish nobility is mocked," said
Holmes, "but no matter. You have given me the itinerary
and the programme. You have not yet told me of the
security arrangements."
"I was coming to that. The entire Metropolitan force will
be in evidence on all occasions, and armed men out of
uniform will be distributed at all points of vantage. I do not
think there is anything to fear."
"I hope you are right, inspector."
"The royal party will leave the country on the fourth day
by the Dover-Calais packet at one twenty-five. Again, there
will be ample forces of security both on the dockside and
on the boat itself. The home secretary realizes the extreme
importance of the protection of a visiting monarch—
especially since that regrettable incident when the Czar
was viciously tripped over in the Crystal Palace."
"My own belief," Holmes said, relighting his pipe, "is
that the Czar of all the Russias was intoxicated. But again,
no matter." A policeman in uniform was admitted. He
saluted Holmes first and then his superior. "This is open
house for the Metropolitan force," Holmes remarked with

good-humoured sarcasm. "Come one, come all. You are
heartily welcome, sergeant. I take it you have news."
"Beg pardon, sir," the sergeant said, and to Hopkins,
"We got the blighter, sir, in a manner of speaking."
"Explain yourself, sergeant. Come on, man," snapped
Hopkins.
"Well, sir, there's this kind of Spanish hotel, meaning a
hotel where Spaniards go when they want to be with their
own sort, in the Elephant and Castle it is."
"Appropriate," Holmes interjected rapidly. "It used to
be the Infanta of Castile. Goat and Compasses. God
encompasses us. I apologize. Pray continue, sergeant."
"We got there and he must have known what was
coming, for he got on the roof by way of the skylight, three
storeys up it is, and whether he slipped or hurled himself
off, his—neck was broke, sir." The printing conventions of
our realm impose the employment of a dash to indicate the
demotic epithet the sergeant employed. "Begging your
pardon, sir."
"You're sure it's the assassin, sergeant?" asked
Holmes.
"Well, sir, there was Spanish money on him and there
was a knife, what they call a stiletto, and there was a
revolver with two chambers let off, sir."
"A matter, inspector, of checking the bullets extracted
from the two bodies with those still in the gun. I think that
was your man, sergeant. My congratulations. It seems that

the state visit of his infant majesty can proceed without too
much foreboding on the part of the Metropolitan force. And
now, inspector, I expect you have some writing to do." This
was a courteous way of dismissing his two visitors. "You
must be tired, Watson," he then said. "Perhaps the
sergeant would be good enough to whistle a cab for you. In
the street, that is. We shall meet, I trust, at the Savoy
Theatre on the tenth. Immediately before curtain time. Mr.
D'Oyly Carte always has two complimentary tickets waiting
for me in the box office. It will be interesting to see how our
Iberian visitors react to a British musical farce." He said
this without levity, with a certain gloom rather. So I too was
dismissed.
Holmes and I, in our evening clothes with medals on
display, assisted as planned at the performance of The
Gondoliers. My medals were orthodox enough, those of an
old campaigner, but Holmes had some very strange
decorations, among the least recondite of which I
recognized the triple star of Siam and the crooked cross of
Bolivia. We had been given excellent seats in the orchestral
stalls. Sir Arthur Sullivan conducted his own work. The
infant king appeared to be more interested in the electric
light installations than in the action or song proceeding on
stage, but his mother responded with suitable appreciation
to the jokes when they had been explained to her by the
Spanish ambassador. This was a musical experience
more after my heart than a recital by Sarasate. I laughed
heartily, nudged Holmes in the ribs at the saltier sallies and

hummed the airs and choruses perhaps too boisterously,
since Lady Esther Roscommon, one of my patients, as it
happened, poked me from the row behind and courteously
complained that I was not only loud but also out of tune. But,
as I told her in the intermission, I had never laid claim to any
particular musical skill. As for Holmes, his eyes were on the
audience, and with opera glasses too, more than on the
stage proceedings.
During the intermission, the royal party very
democratically showed itself in the general bar, the young
king graciously accepting a glass of British lemonade, over
which, in the manner of a child unblessed by the blood, he
smacked his lips. I was surprised to see that the great
Sarasate, in immaculate evening garb with the orders of
various foreign states, was taking a glass of champagne
with none other than Sir Arthur Sullivan. I commented on the
fact to Holmes, who bowed rather distantly to both, and
expressed wonder that a man so eminent in the sphere of
the more rarefied music should be hobnobbing with a mere
entertainer, albeit one honoured by the Queen. "Music is
music," Holmes explained, lighting what I took to be a
Tangerine panatella. "It has many mansions. Sir Arthur has
sunk, Watson, to the level he finds most profitable, and not
only in terms of monetary reward, but he is known also for
works of dreary piety. They are speaking Italian together."
Holmes's ears were sharper than mine. "How much more
impressive their reminiscences of aristocratic favour sound
than in our own blunt tongue. But the second bell has

sounded. What a waste of an exceptionally fine leaf." He
referred to his panatella, which he doused with regret in
one of the brass receptacles in the lobby. In the second half
of the entertainment Holmes slept soundly. I felt I needed no
more to experience the shame of an uncultivated boor
when I succumbed to slumber at a more elevated musical
event. As Holmes had said, somewhat blasphemously,
music has many mansions.
The following morning, a hasty message from Sir
Edwin Etheridge, delivered while I was at breakfast,
summoned me to another consultation in the bedroom of
his patient on St John's Wood Road. The young man was
no longer exhibiting the symptoms of latah; he seemed now
to be suffering from the rare Chinese disease, which I had
encountered in Singapore and Hong Kong, known as
shook
jong. This is a distressing ailment, and
embarrassing to describe outside of a medical journal,
since its cardinal feature is the patient's fear that the
capacity of generation is being removed from him by
malevolent forces conjured by an overheated imagination.
To combat these forces, which he believes responsible for
a progressive diminution of his tangible generative asset,
he attempts to obviate its shrinkage by transfixation, usually
with the sharpest knife he can find. The only possible
treatment was profound sedation and, in the intervals of
consciousness, a light diet.
I very naturally turned onto Baker Street after the

consultation, the fine weather continuing with a positively
Hispanic effulgence. The great world of London seemed
wholly at peace. Holmes, in dressing gown and Moorish
turban, was rubbing resin onto his bow as I entered his
sitting room. He was cheerful while I was not. I had been
somewhat unnerved by the sight of an ailment I had thought
to be confined to the Chinese, as I had been disconcerted
earlier in the week by the less harmful latah, a property of
hysterical Malays, both diseases now manifesting
themselves in a young person of undoubtedly Anglo-Saxon
blood. Having unburdened myself of my disquiet to Holmes,
I said, perhaps wisely, "These are probably the sins visited
by subject races on our imperialistic ambitions."
"They are the occluded side of progress," Holmes
said, somewhat vaguely, and then, less so, "Well, Watson,
the royal visit seems to have passed without mishap. The
forces of Iberian dissidence have not further raised their
bloody hands on our soil. And yet I am not altogether easy
in my mind. Perhaps I must attribute the condition to the
irrational power of music. I cannot get out of my head the
spectacle of that unfortunate young man struck lifeless at
the instrument he had played with so fine a touch, and then,
in his death agony, striking a brief rhapsody of farewell
which had little melodic sense in it." He moved his bow
across the strings of his violin. "Those were the notes,
Watson. I wrote them down. To write a thing down is to
control it and sometimes to exorcise it." He had been
playing from a scrap of paper which rested on his right

knee. A sudden summer gust, a brief hot breath of July,
entered by the open window and blew the scrap to the
carpet. I picked it up and examined it. Holmes's bold hand
was discernible in the five lines and the notes, which meant
nothing to me. I was thinking more of the shook jong. I saw
again the desperate pain of an old Chinese who had been
struck down with it in Hong Kong. I had cured him by
countersuggestion and he had given me in gratitude all he
had to give—a bamboo flute and a little sheaf of Chinese
songs.
"A little sheaf of Chinese songs I once had," I said
musingly to Holmes. "They were simple but charming. I
found their notation endearingly simple. Instead of the
clusters of black blobs which, I confess, make less sense to
me than the shop signs in Kowloon, they use merely a
system of numbers. The first note of a scale is one, the
second two, and so on, up to, I think, eight."
What had been intended as an inconsequent
observation had an astonishing effect on Holmes. "We
must hurry," he cried, rising and throwing off turban and
dressing gown. "We may already be too late." And he
fumbled among the reference books which stood on a shelf
behind his armchair. He leafed through a Bradshaw and
said: "As I remembered, at eleven fifteen. A royal coach is
being added to the regular boat train to Dover. Quick,
Watson—into the street while I dress. Signal a cab as if
your life depended on it. The lives of others may well do
so."

The great clock of the railway terminus already showed
ten minutes after eleven as our cab clattered to a stop. The
driver was clumsy in telling out change for my sovereign.
"Keep it, keep it," I cried, following Holmes, who had not yet
explained his purpose. The concourse was thronged. We
were lucky enough to meet Inspector Stanley Hopkins, on
duty and happy to be near the end of it, standing alertly at
the barrier of Platform 12, whence the boat train was due to
depart on time. The engine had already got up its head of
steam. The royal party had boarded. Holmes cried with the
maximum of urgency:
"They must be made to leave their carriage at once. I
will explain later."
"Impossible," Hopkins said in some confusion. "I
cannot give such an order."
"Then I will give it myself. Watson, wait here with the
inspector. Allow no one to get through." And he hurled
himself onto the platform, crying in fluent and urgent
Spanish to the embassy officials and the ambassador
himself the desperate necessity of the young king's leaving
his compartment with all speed, along with his mother and
all their entourage. It was the young Alfonso XIII, with a
child's impetuousness, who responded most eagerly to the
only exciting thing that had happened on his visit, jumping
from the carriage gleefully, anticipating adventure but no
great danger. It was only when the entire royal party had
distanced itself, on Holmes's peremptory orders, sufficiently

from the royal carriage that the nature of the danger in
which they had stood or sat was made manifest. There was
a considerable explosion, a shower of splintered wood and
shattered glass, then only smoke and the echo of the noise
in the confines of the great terminus. Holmes rushed to me,
who stood obediently with Hopkins at the barrier.
"You let no one through, Watson, inspector?"
"None came through, Mr. Holmes," Hopkins replied,
"except—"
"Except"—and I completed the phrase for him—"your
revered maestro, I mean the great Sarasate."
"Sarasate?" Holmes gaped in astonishment and then
direly nodded. "Sarasate. I see."
"He was with the Spanish ambassador's party,"
Hopkins explained. "He went in with them but left rather
quickly because, as he explained to me, he had a
rehearsal."
"You fool, Watson! You should have apprehended
him." This was properly meant for Hopkins, to whom he
now said: "He came out carrying a violin case?"
"No."
I said with heat: "Holmes, I will not be called a fool. Not,
at any rate, in the presence of others."
"You fool, Watson, I say again and again, you fool! But,
inspector, I take it he was carrying his violin case when he
entered here with the leave-taking party?"
"Yes, now you come to mention it, he was."

"He came with it and left without it?"
"Exactly."
"You fool, Watson! In that violin case was a bomb fitted
with a timing device which he placed in the royal
compartment, probably under the seat. And you let him get
away."
"Your idol, Holmes, your fiddling god. Now transformed
suddenly into an assassin. And I will not be called a fool."
"Where did he go?" Holmes asked Hopkins, ignoring
my expostulation.
"Indeed, sir," the inspector said, "where did he go? I
do not think it much matters. Sarasate should not be difficult
to find."
"For you he will be," Holmes said. "He had no
rehearsal. He has no further recitals in this country. For my
money he has taken a train for Harwich or Liverpool or
some other port of egress to a land where your writ does
not run. You can of course telegraph all the local police
forces in the port areas, but from your expression I see that
you have little intention of doing that."
"Exactly, Mr. Holmes. It will prove difficult to attach a
charge of attempted massacre to him. A matter of
supposition only."
"I suppose you are right, inspector," said Holmes after
a long pause in which he looked balefully at a poster
advertising Pear's Soap. "Come, Watson. I am sorry I
called you a fool."

Back in Baker Street, Holmes attempted to mollify me
further by opening a bottle of very old brandy, a farewell gift
from another royal figure, though, as he was a
Mohammedan, it may be conjectured that it was strictly
against the tenets of his faith to have such a treasure in his
possession, and it may be wondered why he was able to
gain for his cellar a part of the Napoleonic trove claimed, on
their prisoner's death, by the British authorities on St
Helena.
For this remarkable cognac was certainly, as the
ciphers on the label made clear, out of a bin that must have
given some comfort to the imperial captive. "I must confess,
Watson," said Holmes, an appreciative eye on the golden
fluid in his balloon glass, one of a set presented to him by a
grateful khedive, "that I was making too many assumptions,
assuming, for instance, that you shared my suspicions. You
knew nothing of them and yet it was yourself, all unaware,
who granted me the key to the solution of the mystery. I
refer to the mystery of the fingered swan song of the poor
murdered man. It was a message from a man who was
choking in his own blood, Watson, and hence could not
speak as others do. He spoke as a musician and as a
musician, moreover, who had some knowledge of an exotic
system of notation. The father who wagged his will, alas, as
it proved, fruitlessly, had been in diplomatic service in Hong
Kong. In the letter, as I recall, something was said about an
education that had given the boy some knowledge of the
sempiternality of monarchical systems, from China, Russia

and their own beloved Spain."
"And what did the poor boy say?" After three glasses
of the superb ichor, I was already sufficiently mollified.
"First, Watson, he hammered out the note D. I have not
the gift of absolute pitch, and so was able to know it for
what it was only because the piece with which Sarasate
concluded his recital was in the key of D major. The final
chord was in my ears when the young man made his dying
attack on the keyboard. Now, Watson, what we call D, and
also incidentally the Germans, is called by the French,
Italians and Spaniards re. In Italian this is the word for 'king,'
close enough to the Castilian rey, which has the same
meaning. Fool as I was, I should have seen that we were
being warned about some eventuality concerning the
visiting monarch. The notes that followed contained a
succinct message. I puzzled about their possible meaning,
but your remark this morning about the Chinese system of
note-naming, note-numbering, rather, gave me the answer
—only just in time, I may add. In whatever key they were
played, the notes would yield the numerical figuration oneone-one-five—C-C-C-G, or D-D-D-A: the pitch is of no
importance. The total message was one-one-one-five-oneone-seven. It forms a melody of no great intrinsic interest—
a kind of deformed bugle call—but the meaning is clear
now that we know the code: the king is in danger at eleven
fifteen on the morning of the eleventh day of July. It was I
who was the fool, Watson, for not perceiving the import of

what could have been dying delirium but in truth was a vital
communication to whoever had the wit to decipher it."
"What made you suspect Sarasate?" I asked, pouring
another fingerful of the delicious liquor into my glass.
"Well, Watson, consider Sarasate's origins. His full
name is Pablo Martin Melitón de Sarasate y Navascuéz
and he is a son of Barcelona. A Catalonian, then, and a
member of a proud family with an anti-monarchist record. I
ascertained so much from judicious enquiries at the
Spanish embassy. At the same time I discovered the
Chinese background of the youthful Gonzáles, which, at the
time, meant nothing. The republicanism of the Sarasate
family should have been sufficient to cast a shadow of
suspicion over him, but one always considers a great artist
as somehow above the sordid intrigues of the political.
There was, as I see now, something atrociously coldblooded in the arrangement whereby the murder of his
accompanist was effected only at the conclusion of his
recital. Kill the man when he has fulfilled his artistic purpose
—this must have been the frigid order delivered by
Sarasate to the assassin. I do not doubt that the young
Gonzáles had confided in Sarasate, whom, as a fellow
musician and a great master, he had every apparent
reason to trust. He informed him of his intention to betray
the plans of the organization. We cannot be sure of the
nature of his motivation—a sudden humane qualm, a
shaken state of mind consequent on the receipt of his
father's letter. The assassin obeyed Sarasate's order with

beat-counting exactitude. My head spins to think of the
master's approbation of such a murderous afterpiece to
what was, you must admit, a recital of exceptional
brilliance."
"The brilliance was, for me, confirmed more by the
applause of others than by any judgment of my own. I take it
that Sarasate was responsible for another performance
less brilliant—the note from His Royal Highness's secretary
and the exotic number seven."
"Evidently, Watson. At the Savoy Theatre you saw him
chatting amiably with Sir Arthur Sullivan, a crony of the
Prince. Grazie a Dio, he said among other things, that his
long cycle of recitals had finished with his London
performance and he could now take a well-earned rest. Any
man unscrupulous enough to collaborate with that noted
sneerer at the conventions Mr. William Schwenck Gilbert
would be quite ready to pick up a sheet or so of the
Prince's private notepaper and pass it on without enquiring
into the purpose for which it was required."
"Well, Holmes," I now said, "you do not, I take it,
propose to pursue Sarasate to condign punishment, to cut
off his fiddle-playing career and have him apprehended as
the criminal he undoubtedly is?"
"Where is my proof, Watson? As that intelligent young
inspector trenchantly remarked, it is all supposition."
"And if it were not?"
Holmes sighed and picked up his violin and bow. "He

is a supreme artist whom the world could ill afford to lose.
Do not quote my words, Watson, to any of your churchgoing friends, but I am forced to the belief that art is above
morality. If Sarasate, before my eyes and in this very room,
strangled you to death, Watson, for your musical
insensitivity, while an accomplice of his obstructed my
interference with a loaded pistol, and then wrote a detailed
statement of the crime, signed with the name of Pablo
Martin Melitón de Sarasate y Navascuéz, I should be
constrained to close my eyes to the act, destroy the
statement, deposit your body in the gutter of Baker Street
and remain silent while the police pursued their
investigations. So much is the great artist above the moral
principles that oppress lesser men. And now, Watson, pour
yourself more of that noble brandy and listen to my own
rendering of that piece by Sarasate. I warrant you will find it
less than masterly but surely the excellence of the intention
will gleam through." And so he stood, arranged his music
stand, tucked his fiddle beneath his chin and began
reverently to saw.

The Adventure of the
Inertial Adjustor
by Stephen Baxter
Stephen Baxter is a six-time nominee for the Hugo
Award, and a winner of the Philip K. Dick, British SF,
and John W. Campbell Memorial awards. His short
work has been collected in The Hunters of Pangaea
and Traces, and his latest novel, Flood, was released
in May. Other books include the Time's Tapestry and
Destiny's Children series, and the Time Odyssey
series, which was co-written with Arthur C. Clarke.
Baxter is also the author of the Xeelee Sequence, and
several standalone novels, such as The H-Bomb Girl,
and The Time Ships, an authorized sequel to H. G.
Wells's The Time Machine.
H. G. Wells is a towering figure in the history of
science fiction. His work was pivotal in defining many
of the themes—time travel, space exploration, alien
invasion, invisibility, genetic engineering—that would
be mined by later writers. He was also a famous
political activist, and his work demonstrates the power
of science fiction to grapple with contemporary issues

(War of the Worlds was an attack on European
colonialism, The Time Machine a broadside against
the British class system). Wells is also important to
science fiction fans because he published the first
rulebook for tabletop wargaming, which was
instrumental in the development of pen & pencil roleplaying games (such as Dungeons & Dragons) and
the immensely popular computer versions that
followed. Wells, who spent his later years frustrated at
his inability to change the world, would no doubt be
astounded to see what a vast influence his thought and
writings have had, though he'd probably also be
astounded to see, four hundred years after Galileo,
how many people still believe that more weight causes
an object to fall faster. Wells appears as a principal
character in our next Sherlock Holmes case, an
adventure like something right out of a scientific
romance.
Our visitor was perhaps twenty-eight: a short, broadshouldered young man, a little prone to fat, the voice high
and thin, and he moved with a bright, bird-like bounce. His
face, under thinning hair, was pale—perhaps he was
consumptive—and his blue eyes were striking, wide and
dreaming. He could hardly have presented a greater
contrast, physically and in his manner, to my friend Holmes.
And yet his conversation sparked with Holmes's, as if their

two minds were poles of some huge electrical battery.
This visitor had presented Holmes with a set of rather
grainy photographs, taken with one of the New York
Kodaks which are so popular. Holmes was inspecting
these with his lens. The visitor, with some malicious glee,
was challenging Holmes to deduce, from the evidence of
each photograph, the elements of some unusual situation,
after the manner of a parlour game. Holmes had just
finished with a blurred image of some withered white
flowers. I studied this for myself, and could see little
untoward about the flowers, although I could not
immediately place their natural order—perhaps it was the
genus Malva—for instance, the shape of the gynoecium,
clearly visible, was rather unusual. Holmes appeared rather
irritated by this harmless image, and had passed on to the
next, while his young visitor was grinning. "I'm not surprised
he made nothing of it. The apparatus of a classic hoaxer!"
he told me.
Holmes passed me the next print. "See here, Watson.
What can you make of that?"
This appeared more promising—and, I observed, the
visitor was somewhat more serious about it. At first glance
it seemed to me an undistinguished portrait of a
commonplace luncheon party—although it was set in
unusual surroundings, the table and guests being all but
engulfed by bulky electrical equipment, wires and cylinders
and coils and cones, and in the background I could make

out the fittings of a workshop: a steam lathe, metal turners,
acetylene welding equipment, a sheet-metal stamp and the
like. I ventured, "I observe that our visitor this evening was a
guest at the lunch. I do not know these others—"
"They are the Brimicombes, of Wiltshire," said the
visitor. "My hosts that day: two brothers, Ralph and Tarquin.
Ralph is an old college friend of mine. The brothers work
together—or did so—on mechanical and electrical
inventions."
"It was a sunny day," I said. "I see a splash of light here
on the tablecloth, just behind the dish containing this
handsome sausage."
"Yes," said Holmes with tolerant patience, "but what of
the sausage itself?"
I looked again. The sausage sat on its own plate, the
centrepiece of the meal. "It is a succulent specimen. Is it
German?"
Holmes sighed. "Watson, that is no sausage, German
or otherwise. It is evidently a prank, of dubious taste,
served on their guests by these Brimicombes."
The visitor laughed. "You have it, Mr Holmes. You
should have seen our faces when that giant concoction
crawled off its plate and across the tablecloth!"
"A man of your profession should recognise the beast,
Watson. It is an aquatic annelid, of the suctorial order
Hirudinea, employed for the extraction of blood—"
"Great Heaven," I cried, "it is a giant leech!"

"You cannot see the colour in the Kodak," said the
visitor, "but you should know it was a bright red: as red as
blood itself."
"But how can this be, Holmes? Is it some freak of
nature?"
"Of nature—or Man's science," Holmes mused.
"Consider the influences acting on that wretched leech. It is
drawn towards flatness by the force of the gravity of the
Earth; that much we know. And its collapse to a pancake is
resisted only by its internal strength. But it is hard to believe
a creature as gross as this specimen would even be able
to sustain its own form. Why, then, has it evolved such a
magnitude? What gives it the strength to hold itself up, to
move?" He eyed his visitor sharply. "Or perhaps we should
ask, what is reducing the force which drags it down?"
The visitor clapped his hands in delight. "You have it,
sir!"
Holmes handed back the photograph. "Indeed. And
perhaps you might care to set out the particulars of the
case."
Confused, I asked, "Are you so sure you have a case
at all, Holmes?"
"Oh, yes," he said gravely. "For did our visitor not
speak of the work of these Brimicombe brothers in the past
tense? Evidently something has disturbed the equilibrium
of their fraternal lives; and you would not be here, sir, if that
were not something serious."

"Indeed," was the reply, and now the visitor was
solemn. "There could be nothing more serious, in fact: my
visit here was motivated by the death of the elder brother,
Ralph, in unusual circumstances—circumstances deriving
from the more obscure corners of the physical sciences!"
I asked, "Is it murder?"
"The local coroner does not think so. I, however, am
unsure. There are puzzling features—inconsistencies—and
so I have come to you, Mr Holmes—I am a journalist and
author, not a detective."
I smiled. "In fact, sir, I already know your occupation."
He seemed surprised. "Forgive me. We have not been
introduced."
"No introduction is necessary, nor was any deep
deduction on my part. Your portrait has been as common
enough this year."
He looked flattered. "You know my work?"
"As it has been featured in the Pall Mall Budget, The
National Observer and elsewhere. I am a great admirer of
your scientific romances." I extended my hand. "It is good to
meet you, Mr Wells!"
Holmes agreed to travel with Wells to the Brimicombe
home, near Chippenham, and he prevailed on me to
accompany him, despite my reluctance to leave London, so
close was I to my bereavement. But Holmes persisted,
kindly. "You know how few of my cases involve the deeper

mysteries of science, Watson. Perhaps this will be a
suitable candidate for your casebook! It will be quite like
old times." And so it was, the very next day, that I found
myself with my valise clambering aboard the 10.15 from
Paddington Station. We had the carriage to ourselves,
Holmes, Wells and I. Holmes wrapped himself in his grey
travelling-cloak and stretched out his long legs on the
cushioned seat, as Wells, in his thin, piping voice, set out
the full details of the case for us.
"I have known Ralph Brimicombe since we both
attended the Normal School of Science in the '80s," he
began, "and I remained in friendly contact with him until his
recent death. He was a rather dream-like, remote figure—
oddly impractical in the details of everyday life—to the
extent that I was somewhat surprised when he married,
when still a student at the Normal School. But his mind
always sparked with creative energy. His subjects at the
School were Astronomy, Astro-physics—all that sort of
thing—along with Electricity and Magnetism. Even as a
student he began to develop intriguing ideas about the
coupling, as he put it, between electricity and gravity. Our
theories of gravity were long due for an overhaul, he
claimed. And perhaps there could even be practical
applications. He was a delight to debate with!—you can
imagine how I found him a soul-mate."
Holmes asked, "A coupling?"
"Gravity, as you know, is that force which imbues our

bodies with weight. Ralph became convinced that the
gravity of a large mass such as the Earth could be
mitigated by a suitable arrangement of large currents and
magnetic fluxes. Mitigated, or reduced."
"Reduced?" I said. "But if that were true, the
commercial possibilities would be enormous. Think of it,
Holmes. If one could reduce the weight of freight goods, for
example—"
"Oh, to hang with commerce and freight!" Wells
exclaimed. "Doctor Watson, Ralph Brimicombe claimed to
have found a way to have removed the influence of gravity
altogether. Without gravity, one could fly! He even claimed
to have built a small capsule, and flown himself—alone,
mind you, and without witnesses—all the way to the Moon.
He showed me injuries which he said were due to an
exhaustion of his food and water, an exposure to the Rays
of Space, and burns from the lunar Vacuum. And he gave
me a small vial, of what he claimed was Moon dust, as
'proof' of his journey. I have it about me." He patted his
pockets.
Holmes raised a thin eyebrow. "And did you believe
these claims?"
Wells hesitated. "Perhaps I wished to. But not entirely.
Ralph was never above exaggerating his achievements, so
impatient was he for acceptance and prestige.
"But I run ahead of my account. Ralph, for all his ability,
could only scrape through the examinations at the Normal

School, so distracted did he become by his gravitational
obsession. After that, no respectable institution would take
him on, and no journal would publish the revised theories
and partial experimental results he claimed." Wells sighed.
"Perhaps Ralph's greatest tragedy was the untimely death
of his father, some months after he left the Normal School.
The father had made a fortune in the Transvaal, and had
retired to Chippenham, only to die of recurrent malaria. He
left everything, with few tiresome legal complications, to his
two sons: Ralph, and the younger Tarquin. This sudden
legacy made Ralph a rich man. No longer did he need to
convince peers of the value of his work. Now, he could
plough a lone furrow, wherever it might take him.
"Ralph returned to Wiltshire, and devoted himself to his
studies. He privately published his results which—while of
great interest to students of the esoteric like myself—were
roundly and rudely rejected by other scientists."
"And what of Tarquin?" Holmes asked.
"I knew Tarquin a little. I never much liked him," Wells
said. "He was quite a contrast to Ralph. Full of vanity and
self-regard, and not nearly so intelligent, though he has
some smattering of an education, and, as I understand it, a
crude grasp of his brother's accomplishments. Tarquin
squandered his own inheritance in trying to follow his
father's footsteps in Southern Africa, failed roundly, and
came home pursued by debtors. Eventually his brother took
him on as a species of senior assistant. Tarquin acquired

equipment for Ralph's experiments, arranged apparatus
and so forth. But even in this he proved less than
competent, and Ralph was forced to demote him,
effectively, to work as subordinate to Ralph's own engineer,
a stolid local chap called Bryson."
I remarked, "It looked as if your lunch party took place
in the midst of Ralph's apparatus."
"Yes." Wells smiled. "He was fond of such
spectaculars. And I must describe the purpose of that
apparatus to you, for it will be of significance to your
investigation.
"I have mentioned Ralph's attempts—partially
successful, he claimed—to nullify gravity. But this proved
possible only over a small volume. To extend his abilities—
to build greater ships which might carry teams of men
across the Void of Space—Ralph pursued studies of more
subtle aspects of the gravitational phenomenon, notably the
Equivalence between Inertial and Gravitational Mass. You
see—"
I held up my hands. "I cannot speak for Holmes, but I
am already baffled, Mr Wells. I know nothing of gravity, save
for its slow dragging at the lower spines and arches of my
patients."
"Let me explain by analogy. Mr Holmes, can I trouble
you for some coins? A sovereign and a farthing should do
—there. Thank you." He held the two coins over the
carriage floor. "Look here, Watson. The sovereign is

considerably heavier than the farthing."
"That is clear enough."
"If I release these coins simultaneously they will fall to
the floor."
"Of course."
"But which will arrive first?—the farthing, or the
sovereign?"
Holmes looked amused. I felt that embarrassed
frustration which sometimes comes over me when I cannot
follow some elaborated chain of reasoning. And yet, the
case seemed simple enough. "The sovereign," I said.
"Disregarding the resistance of the air, as the heavier of
the two—"
Wells released the coins. They fell side by side, and
struck the carriage floor together.
"I am no expert in Gravitational Mechanics," Holmes
chided me, "but I do remember my Galileo, Watson."
Wells retrieved the coins. "It is all to do with various
Laws of Newton. Under gravity, all objects fall at the same
rate, regardless of their mass. Think of it this way, Watson:
if you were in a lift, and the cable snapped, you and the lift
would fall together. You would feel as if you were floating,
inside the lift car."
"Briefly," I said, "until the shaft floor was reached."
"Indeed. It was precisely this effect which Ralph strove
to study. In the luncheon chamber I showed you, with an
apparatus of coils and cones and loops, he managed to

create a region of space in which—as Ralph showed us
with a series of demonstrations and tricks—thanks to the
adjustment of the gravity field with electrical energy, heavier
objects did indeed fall more rapidly than the lighter! This
was the 'Inertial Adjustor,' as Ralph called it. It sounds a
trivial feat—and is much less spectacular than shooting a
capsule at the Moon—but it is nonetheless quite
remarkable. If true."
"But you doubt it," Holmes said. "In fact, you employed
the word 'tricks.'"
Wells sighed. "Dear old Ralph. I do not think he lied
deliberately. But his optimism and energy for his own work
would sometimes cloud his critical judgement. And yet the
acceptance of his theories and devices—particularly his
Inertial Adjustor—were central to his life, his very mental
state."
"So central, in fact, that they led to his death."
"Indeed," said Wells. "For it was in that very chamber,
within the Inertial Adjustor itself, that Ralph Brimicombe
died—or was killed!"
It was after three o'clock when at last we reached
Chippenham. We took a trap to the Brimicombe residence,
a well-appointed affair of the Regency period which had
been rather allowed to run to seed.
Holmes stepped from the trap and sniffed the air. He
walked to the verge of the gravel drive and inspected the

lawn grass, which I noticed was discoloured here and there
by small brown circles, samples of which Holmes disturbed
gently with the toecap of his boot.
A young man came out to meet us: tall and blond, his
eyes a vacuous grey. He greeted Wells rather
contemptuously—"If it isn't Bertie Wells!"—and introduced
himself as Tarquin Brimicombe. We were escorted into the
house and introduced to various others of the household.
Jane, the widow of Ralph, was a tall, willowy woman who
was younger than I expected, and her eyes were puffy as if
from habitual crying; and Jack Bryson, Ralph's trusted
engineer, bald of head and square of shoulder, appeared
puzzled and ill at ease.
Holmes smiled at the widow with the sudden kind
warmth perceived in him only by those who know him well,
and which made my own heart rise, for I sympathised all too
well with this lady's loss of her spouse. "Madam," said
Holmes. "My very deepest sympathies."
"Thank you."
"And how is your labrador? Is she still ill?"
She looked confused. "Convalescing, I think. But how
did you know?"
He inclined his head. "The patches on the lawn are
clear evidence of a canine—and a bitch at that, for it is well
known that a bitch will empty her bladder in a single spot,
so depositing enough material to damage the grass,
whereas a dog will release small quantities of liquid to

mark his territory. I have a monograph in draft on the
excretory habits of other domestic and urban wildlife. And
as to her breed, the golden hairs adhering to your lower
skirt are evidence enough of that, Mrs Brimicombe, as well
as to your affection for the animal."
"Oh! But you knew of her illness?"
Holmes smiled sadly. "If she were well, I should expect
her to come bounding out with you to challenge three such
rough strangers as ourselves."
Wells clucked admiringly.
Jane Brimicombe waved a hand rather vaguely. "The
illness is baffling to the vets. Sheba has some difficulty
standing, and her bones are oddly brittle and prone to
breaking. She was involved in experiments of Ralph's, you
see, and—"
"I know," said Holmes.
"You do? But how?"
But Holmes did not answer. Instead he drew me aside.
"Watson, I'd be grateful if you'd take a sample of the
droppings from the wretched animal. Perform some kind of
assay."
"Looking for what?"
"My dear fellow, if I told you that I might prejudice your
results."
"And how am I supposed to achieve it? I am no vet,
Holmes, still less a chemist. And we are a long way from
town."

"I am sure you will find a way." Now he turned back to
Mrs Brimicombe, and with deft skill, began to draw her out
on the subject of her husband's demise.
"It was early morning. I was in the kitchen. Mr Bryson
had just come in, having completed an hour's work
already." She avoided the eyes of the engineer Bryson, I
observed, and the soubriquet "Mr Bryson" did not come
naturally to her lips. "We would often eat together, though
Mr Bryson was always busy and in a rush. For breakfast he
would eat one fried egg and a slice of toast."
"Egg?" asked Holmes. "What egg?"
"From the small coop we keep at the back of the
house," Mrs Brimicombe said.
Holmes asked, "And how was the egg that day?"
Mrs Brimicombe dropped her gaze. "Mr Bryson
remarked on its fine flavour. I recall Tarquin—Mr
Brimicombe—brought them in from the coop, fresh that
morning."
"Really?" Holmes turned an appraising eye on the
brother, Tarquin. "Sir, are you in the habit of visiting the
hen-house?"
Tarquin blustered. "I should say not—I used to help
Millie with the eggs as a boy—it was a fine morning—can't
a fellow act on impulse once in a while?"
Wells was growing impatient. "Look here, Holmes, why
are you so interested in this business of a breakfast egg?
Isn't it rather trivial? And can't you see it's causing the lady

distress?"
I knew my friend well enough to understand that nothing
is truly trivial—there was surely some pattern to his close
questioning which none of us could discern—but Mrs
Brimicombe was, indeed, becoming agitated, and so
Holmes dropped his interrogation of her and allowed
Tarquin to lead us through to the drawing room, where he
provided sherry. "I have to say I did not invite Mr Wells
here," he said. "At first I regarded his interest and his
insistence on coming here as an intrusion into my family's
grief. But my view has changed, as I have meditated on the
recent tragic events. Now that you are here I am glad, Mr
Holmes. I need your help."
"Why so?"
"Ralph's life was not lost. Mr Holmes, it was stolen.
After the coroner's report, the police are not interested. I
was not sure who to approach, and—"
Holmes held up his hands. "Tell me exactly what you
mean."
His pale blue eyes were fixed on Holmes. "Ralph's
death was no accident."
"Who was present in the Inertial Adjustor chamber at
the time of the incident?"
"Only two of us. Myself and Bryson, my brother's
engineer."
"Then," I said doggedly, "you are accusing Bryson—"
"—of murder. That is right, Doctor. Jack Bryson killed

Ralph."
Holmes is always impatient to visit the scene of a
crime, and Wells was clearly enjoying the whole affair
hugely; and so we agreed to accompany Tarquin at once to
the Inertial Adjustor chamber, the site of Ralph
Brimicombe's death.
We had a walk of a hundred yards or so across the
grounds to an out-building. By now it was late afternoon. I
took deep breaths of wood-scented air, trying to clear my
head after the fumes of the train. I could hear the clucking of
chickens, evidently from the hen coop Mrs Brimicombe had
mentioned.
I was startled when an insect no less than six inches
long scuttled across my path, disturbed by my passage. At
first I thought it must be a cockroach, but on closer
observation, to my astonishment, it proved to be an ant. It
ran with a blur of legs towards an anthill—a gigantic affair,
towering over the lower trees like an eroded monument.
"Good Lord, Holmes," I said. "Did you observe that? What
was it, do you think, some tropical species?"
He shook his head. "Ralph Brimicombe was no
collector of bugs. Given the pattern of events here I have
expected some such apparition."
"You expected it? But how?"
"Surely that repulsive red leech of Wells's was enough
of a clue. But in any event—all in good time, my dear

friend."
We reached a laboratory, of crude but functional
construction, and I ran my eyes for the first time over the
gruesome details of the Inertial Adjustor itself. The main
chamber was fifty feet tall; and it was dominated by the
stupendous wreck of a vehicle. This latter had been a cone
some fifteen feet in length and perhaps as broad, but it was
without wheels, sails or runners: for its purpose, Tarquin
told us in all seriousness, had been to fly, freed of gravity by
Ralph's invention, into Space! To simulate to its occupant
some of the stresses and impacts to be expected during a
flight, the vessel had been suspended in midair, at the heart
of the Inertial Adjustor itself, by a series of cables and
gimbals.
Now the cables dangled uselessly. The ship, after an
evident fall, had gouged a crater a few inches deep in the
floor; it looked as if a great hammer had pounded into the
concrete. And it was inside this capsule, this aluminium
dream of flight in Space, that Ralph Brimicombe had fallen
to his death.
Around the massive wreck were arrayed the elements
of the Inertial Adjustor apparatus: coils and armatures,
cones of paper and iron, filamented glass tubes, the poles
of immense permanent magnets, great shadowy shapes
which reached up and out of my vision, the whole far
beyond my comprehension. There were besides some
more mundane elements: drafting tables laden with dusty

blueprints, lathes and vices and tools, chains for heavy
lifting suspended from the ceiling.
I observed, however, that the fall of the vehicle had
done a pretty damage to the equipment in that chamber,
surely rendering it inoperative.
My eye was caught by a series of small glass-walled
cages, beside a dissecting table. There was a series of
leeches in stoppered jars, none of them as big as the
specimen in Well's photograph, but all so large they were
indeed unable even to sustain their characteristic tubular
forms; they lay against the thick glass at the bottom of their
jars, in evident distress. Among the higher animals
imprisoned here there were mice, but of an unusual
morphology, with remarkably long and spindly limbs. Some
of the mice, indeed, had trouble supporting their own
weight. I remarked on this to Holmes, but he made no
comment.
Holmes, Wells and I stepped over the crater's cracked
lip and walked around the wrinkled aluminium of the
capsule's hull. The fall had been, I judged, no more that ten
feet—a drop that seemed barely enough to injure, let alone
kill a man—but it had been sufficient to compress the ship's
entire structure by perhaps a third of its length.
"How terrible," Wells said. "It was in this very spot—
suspended under the glittering hull of Brimicombe's Moon
ship itself—that he bade us dine."
"Then perhaps you have had a lucky escape," said

Holmes grimly.
"The workmen have cut the capsule open." Tarquin
indicated a square rent in the wall, a shadowed interior
beyond. "The body was removed after the police and the
coroner studied the scene. Do you want to look in there?
Then I will show you where Bryson and I were working."
"In a minute," said Holmes, and he studied the corpse
of the fantastic ship with his usual bewildering keenness.
He said, "What sort of man was Ralph? I see evidence of
his technical abilities, but what was it like to know him—to
be related, to work with him?"
"Among those he worked with, Ralph stood out."
Tarquin's face was open and seemed untainted by envy.
"When we were children, Ralph was always the leader. And
so it remained as we entered adult life."
Wells remarked, "I never knew if you liked him."
Tarquin's eyes narrowed. "I cannot answer that, Bertie.
We were brothers. I worked for him. I suppose I loved him.
But we were also rivals, throughout life, as are most
brothers."
Holmes asked bluntly, "Do you stand to benefit from
his death?"
Tarquin Brimicombe said, "No. My father's legacy will
not be transferred to me. Ralph made out his own will,
leaving his assets to his wife; and there is no love lost
between the two of us. You may check with the family
solicitors—and with Jane—to verify these claims. If you are

looking for a murder motive, Mr Holmes, you must dig
deeper. I will not resent it."
"Oh, I shall," muttered Holmes. "And Ralph
Brimicombe is beyond resenting anything. Come. Let us
look in the capsule."
We stepped over the shattered concrete to the
entrance cut in the capsule wall. A small lamp had been set
up, filling the interior with a sombre glow. I knew that the
body—what was left of it—had been taken away for burial,
but the craft had not been cleaned out. I dropped my eyes
to the floor, expecting—what? a dramatic splash of blood?
—but there were only a few irregular stains on the burst
upholstery of the aviator's couch, where Ralph had been
seated at the moment of his extinguishing. There was
surprisingly little damage to the equipment and
instrumentation, the dials and switches and levers evidently
meant to control the craft; much of it had simply been
crushed longways where it stood.
But there was a smell, reminiscent to me of the
hospitals of my military service.
I withdrew my head. "I am not sure what I expected," I
murmured. "More . . . carnage, I suppose."
Tarquin frowned thoughtfully; then he extended his
index finger and pointed upwards.
I looked up.
It was as if a dozen bags of rust-brown paint had been
hurled into the air. The upper walls and ceiling of the ship,

the instruments, dials and switches that encrusted the
metal, even the cabin's one small window: all were liberally
coated with dried blood.
"Good Lord," said Wells, and his face blanched. "How
did that get up there?"
Tarquin said, "The coroner concluded the vessel must
have rolled over as it fell, thus spreading my brother's blood
through its interior."
As we moved on, Wells muttered to me, "Such a size
of ship, rolling over in ten feet? It hardly seems likely!"
I agreed with the young author. But Holmes would
make no remark.
Tarquin took us to a gantry which crossed the chamber
above the wrecked ship. We stood a few inches from a
bank of cables, many of which showed necking, shearing
and cracking; they had clearly snapped under extreme
pressure. But one cable—a fat, orange-painted rope as
thick as my arm—had a clean, gleaming termination. At my
feet was a gas cutting kit, and a set of protector goggles. It
seemed absurdly obvious, like a puzzle set by a child, that
a load-bearing cable had been cut by this torch!
Tarquin said, "Not all the cables supported the weight
of the ship. Some carried power, air for the passenger, and
so forth."
Holmes said, "You say you were both working up here,
on this gantry, when the accident occurred? Both you and
Bryson?"

"Yes. We were doing some maintenance. We were the
only people in the chamber—apart from Ralph, of course.
He was inside the vessel itself, performing calculations
there."
Holmes asked, "And the Inertial Adjustor was in
operation at the time?"
"It was."
I pointed to the fat orange cable. "Was that the main
support?"
He nodded. "Although I did not know that at the time."
"And it has been cut with this torch?"
"That is right," he said evenly. He leaned against the
gantry rail, arms folded. "The flame sliced clean through,
like ice under a hot tap. When the big one went the others
started to stretch and snap. And soon the ship fell."
"And Bryson was using the torch? Is that what you are
saying?"
"Oh, no." He looked mildly surprised at Wells's
question. "I was doing the cutting. I was working it under
Bryson's supervision."
I demanded, "But if you were working the torch, how
can you accuse Bryson of murder?"
"Because he is responsible. Do you not see? He told
me specifically to cut the orange cable. I followed his
instructions, not knowing that it was supporting the
capsule."
"You said you are trained to know every detail of the

ship, inside and out."
"The ship itself, yes, Doctor. Not the details of this
chamber, however. But Bryson knew."
Wells remarked, "But it must have taken minutes to cut
through that cable. Look at its thickness! Did Bryson not
see what you were doing and stop you?"
"Bryson was not here," Tarquin said coldly. "As you
have heard, he was taking breakfast with my sister-in-law,
as was their wont. You see, gentlemen," he went on, a
controlled anger entering his voice, "I was just a tool Bryson
used to achieve his ends. As innocent as that torch at your
feet."
Wells stared at the torch, the ripped cables. "Tarquin,
your brother knew Bryson for years. He relied on him utterly.
Why would Bryson do such a thing?"
He straightened up, brushing dust from his jacket. "You
must ask him that," he said.
The next step was obvious to us all: we must confront
the accused.
And so we returned to the drawing room of the main
house, and confronted the wretched Bryson. He stood on
the carpet, his broad, strong hands dangling useless at his
side, his overalls oil-stained and bulging with tools. He was,
on Wells's testimony, solid, unimaginative, able—and
utterly reliable. I could not avoid a sense of embarrassment
as Holmes summarised to Bryson the accusation levelled

against him.
Jack Bryson hung his head and ran his palm over his
scalp. "So you think I killed him," he said, sounding
resigned. "That is that, then. Are you going to call in the
police?"
"Slow down." Holmes held his hands up. "To begin
with, I do not know what possible reason you could have for
wanting to harm Ralph Brimicombe."
"It was Jane," he said suddenly.
Wells frowned. "Brimicombe's wife? What about her?"
"She and I—" He hesitated. "I may as well tell you
straight; you will find out anyway. I do not know if you would
call it an affair. I am a good bit older than she is—but still—
Ralph was so distant, you know, so wrapped up in his work.
And Jane—"
"—is a woman of warmth and devotion," Holmes said
gently.
Bryson said, "I knew Jane a long time. The closeness
—the opportunity. Well. So there is your motive, Mr Holmes.
I am the lover who slew the cuckolded husband. And my
opportunity for murder is without question."
I found it painful to watch his face. There was no
bitterness there, no pride: only a sour resignation.
Wells turned to Holmes. "So," he said, "the case is
resolved. Are you disappointed, Holmes?"
For answer he filled and lit his pipe. "Resolved?" he
said softly. "I think not."

Bryson looked confused. "Sir?"
"Do not be so fast to damn yourself, man. You are a
suspect. But that does not make you a murderer: in my
eyes, in the eyes of the law, or in the eyes of God."
"And will the courts accept that? I am resigned, Mr
Holmes: resigned to my fate. Let it be."
To that dignified acceptance, even Holmes had
nothing to say.
Holmes ordered Bryson to take us through the same
grisly inspection tour as Tarquin. Soon we were walking
around the wreck once more. Unlike Tarquin, Bryson had
not seen this place since the day of the accident; his
distress was clear as he picked his way through the
remnants of the support cables. He said: "The fall took a
long time, even after the main support was severed. The
noise of the shearing cables went on and on, and there was
not a thing I could do about it. I ran out for help, before the
end. And when we heard Ralph had been killed—" Now he
turned his crumpled face to Holmes's. "No matter who you
call guilty in the end, Mr Holmes, I am the killer. I know that.
This is my domain; Ralph Brimicombe's life was in my
hands while he was in this room, and I failed—"
"Stop it, man," Holmes said sharply. "This selfdestructive blame is hardly helpful. For now, we should
concentrate on the facts of the case."
Holmes took Bryson to the entrance cut in the capsule.

With obvious reluctance the engineer picked his way to the
crude doorway. The light inside cast his trembling cheeks
in sharp relief. I saw how he looked around the walls of the
cabin, at the remnants of the couch on the floor. Then he
stood straight and looked at Holmes, puzzled. "Has it been
cleaned?"
Holmes pointed upwards.
Bryson pushed his neck through the doorway once
more and looked up at the ceiling of the capsule. When he
saw the human remains scattered there he gasped and
stumbled back.
Holmes said gently, "Watson, would you—"
I took Bryson's arm, meaning to care for him, but he
protested: "I am all right. It was just the shock."
"One question," Holmes said. "Tell me how the cable
was cut."
"Tarquin was working the torch," he began. "Under my
direction. The job was simple; all he had to do was snip out
a faulty section of an oxygen line."
"Are you saying Ralph's death was an accident?"
"Oh, no," Bryson said firmly. "It was quite deliberate."
He seemed to be challenging us to disbelieve him.
"Tell me the whole truth," said Holmes.
"I was not watching Tarquin's every move. I had given
Tarquin his instructions and had left to take breakfast
before progressing to another item of work."
"What exactly did you tell him to do?"

He considered, his eyes closing. "I pointed to the
oxygen line, explained what it was, and showed him what
he had to do. The air line is a purple-coded cable about a
thumb's-width thick."
"Whereas the support cables—"
"Are all orange coded, about so thick." He made a
circle with his thumbs and middle fingers. "It is hard—
impossible—to confuse the two."
"Did you not see what he was doing?"
"I was at breakfast with Mrs Brimicombe when it
happened. I expected to be back, however."
"Why were you not?"
He shrugged. "My breakfast egg took rather longer to
cook than usual. I remember the housekeeper's apology."
Wells tutted. "Those wretched eggs again!"
"At any event," Bryson said, "I was only gone a few
minutes. But by the time I returned Tarquin had sliced clean
through the main support. Then the shearing began."
"So you clearly identified the gas line to Tarquin."
"I told you. I pointed to it."
"And there is no way he could have mixed it up with the
support cable?"
He raised his eyebrows. "What do you think?"
I scratched my head. "Is it possible he caught the
support somehow with the torch, as he was working on the
gas feed?"

He laughed; it was a brief, ugly sound. "Hardly, Doctor.
The support is about four feet from the air line. He had to
turn round, and stretch, and keep the torch there, to do what
he did. We can go up to the gantry and see if you like." He
seemed to lose his confidence. "Look, Mr Holmes, I do not
expect you to believe me. I know I am only an engineer, and
Tarquin was Ralph's brother."
"Bryson—"
"But there is no doubt in my mind. Tarquin quite
deliberately cut through that support, and ended his
brother's life."
There we left our inquiries for the day.
I fulfilled Holmes's request regarding the dog Sheba.
On a cursory inspection I found the poor animal's limbs to
be spindly and crooked from so many breaks. I collected a
sample of her urine and delivered it to the Chippenham
general hospital, where an old medical school friend of
mine arranged for a series of simple assays. He had the
results within the hour, which I tucked into my pocket.
I rejoined my companions, who had retired to the "Little
George" hostelry in Chippenham for the evening. They had
been made welcome by a broad-bellied, white-aproned
barman, had dined well on bread and cheese, and were
enjoying the local ale (though Holmes contented himself
with his pipe), and talking nine to the dozen the while.
"It is nevertheless quite a mystery," said Wells, around

a mouthful of bread. "Has there even been a murder? Or
could it all be simply some ghastly, misunderstood
accident?"
"I think we can rule that out," said Holmes. "The fact
that there are such conflicts between the accounts of the
two men is enough to tell us that something is very wrong."
"One of them—presumably the murderer—is lying. But
which one? Let us follow it through. Their accounts of the
crucial few seconds, when the cable was cut, are ninety per
cent identical; they both agree that Bryson had issued an
instruction to Tarquin, who had then turned and cut through
the support. The difference is that Bryson says he had quite
clearly told Tarquin to cut through the air line. But Tarquin
says he was instructed, just as clearly, to slice through what
turned out to be the support.
"It is like a pretty problem in geometry," went on Wells.
"The two versions are symmetrical, like mirror images. But
which is the original and which the false copy? What about
motive, then? Could Tarquin's envy of his brother—plain for
all to see—have driven him to murder? But there is no
financial reward for him. And then there is the engineer.
Bryson was driven to his dalliance with Jane Brimicombe
by the tenderness of his character. How can such
tenderness chime with a capability for scheming murder?
So, once again, we have symmetry. Each man has a
motive—"
Holmes puffed contentedly at his pipe as Wells rattled

on in this fashion. He said at last, "Speculations about the
mental state of suspects are rarely so fruitful as
concentration on the salient facts of the case."
I put in, "I'm sure the peculiar circumstances of the
death had something to do with the nature of the Inertial
Adjustor itself, though I fail to understand how."
Holmes nodded approvingly. "Good, Watson."
"But," said Wells, "we don't even know if the Adjustor
ever operated, or if it was another of Ralph's vain boasts—
a flight of fancy, like his trip to the Moon! I still have that vial
of Moon dust about me somewhere—"
"You yourself had lunch in the chamber," Holmes said.
"I did. And Ralph performed little demonstrations of the
principle. For instance: he dropped a handful of gravel, and
we watched as the heaviest fragments were snatched most
rapidly to Earth's bosom, contrary to Galileo's famous
experiment. But I saw nothing which could not be replicated
by a competent conjurer."
"And what of the mice?"
Wells frowned.
"They were rather odd, Mr Wells," I said.
"We can imagine the effect of the distorted gravity of
that chamber on generations of insects and animals,"
Holmes said. "A mouse, for instance, being small, would
need the lightest of limbs to support its reduced weight."
Wells saw it. "And they would evolve in that direction,
according to the principles of Darwin—of course!

Succeeding generations would develop attenuated limbs.
Insects like your ant, Watson, could grow to a large size.
But larger animals would be dragged more strongly to the
ground. A horse, for example, might need legs as thick as
an elephant's to support its weight."
"You have it," said Holmes. "But I doubt if there was
time, or resource, for Ralph to study more than a generation
or two of the higher animals. There was only his wife's
unlucky labrador to use as test subject. And when Watson
opens the envelope in his pocket, he will find the assay of
the urine samples from that animal to display excessive
levels of calcium."
That startled me. I retrieved and opened the envelope,
and was not surprised—I know the man!—to find the results
just as Holmes had predicted.
"The calcium is from the bones of the animal," Holmes
said. "Trapped by Ralph in a region in which it needed to
support less weight, the bitch's musculature and bone
structure must have become progressively weaker, with
bone calcium being washed out in urine. The same
phenomenon is observed in patients suffering excessive
bed rest, and I saw certain indications of the syndrome in
those discoloured patches of lawn."
"Then the means of his death," Wells said, "must
indeed be related to Ralph Brimicombe's successful
modification of gravity itself."
"Certainly," said Holmes. "And similarly related are the

motive behind the crime, and the opportunity."
Wells grew excited. "You've solved it, Holmes? What a
remarkable man you are!"
"For the morrow," Holmes said. "For now, let us enjoy
the hospitality of the landlord, and each other's company. I
too enjoyed your Time Machine, Wells."
He seemed flattered. "Thank you."
"Especially your depiction of the crumbling of our
foolish civilisation. Although I am not convinced you had
thought it through far enough. Our degradation, when it
comes, will surely be more dramatic and complete."
"Oh, indeed? Then let me set you a challenge, Mr
Holmes. What if I were to transport you, through time, to
some remote future—as remote as the era of the great
lizards—let us say, tens of millions of years. How would you
deduce the former existence of mankind?"
My friend rested his legs comfortably on a stool and
tamped his pipe. "A pretty question. We must remember
first that everything humans construct will revert to simpler
chemicals over time. One must only inspect the decay of
the Egyptian pyramids to see that, and they are young
compared to the geologic epochs you evoke. None of our
concrete or steel or glass will last even a million years."
"But," said Wells, "perhaps some human remains
might be preserved in volcanic ash, as at Pompeii and
Herculaneum. These remains might have artifacts in close
proximity, such as jewellery or surgical tools. And

geologists of the future will surely find a layer of ash and
lead and zinc to mark the presence of our once-noble
civilisation—"
But Holmes did not agree—
And on they talked, H G Wells and Sherlock Holmes
together, in a thickening haze of tobacco smoke and beer
fumes, until my own poor head was spinning with the
concepts they juggled.
The next morning, we made once more for the
Brimicombe home. Holmes asked for Tarquin.
The younger Brimicombe entered the drawing room,
sat comfortably and crossed his legs.
Holmes regarded him, equally at his ease. "This case
has reminded me of a truism I personally find easy to
forget: how little people truly understand of the world around
us. You demonstrated this, Watson, with your failure to
predict the correct fall of my sovereign and farthing, even
though it is but an example of a process you must observe
a hundred times a day. And yet it takes a man of genius—a
Galileo—to be the first to perform a clear and decisive
experiment in such a matter. You are no genius, Mr
Brimicombe, and still less so is the engineer, Bryson. And
yet you studied your brother's work; your grasp of the theory
is the greater, and your understanding of the behaviour of
objects inside the Inertial Adjustor is bound to be wider than
poor Bryson's."

Tarquin stared at Holmes, the fingers of one hand
trembling slightly.
Holmes rested his hands behind his head. "After all, it
was a drop of only ten feet or so. Even Watson here could
survive a fall like that—perhaps with bruises and broken
bones. But it was not Ralph's fall that killed him, was it?
Tarquin, what was the mass of the capsule?"
"About ten tons."
"Perhaps a hundred times Ralph's mass. And so—in
the peculiar conditions of the Inertial Adjustor— it fell to the
floor a hundred times faster than Ralph."
And then, in a flash, I saw it all. Unlike my friendly lift
cabin of Wells's analogy, the capsule would drive rapidly to
the floor, engulfing Ralph. My unwelcome imagination ran
away with the point: I saw the complex ceiling of the
capsule smashing into Ralph's staring face, a fraction of a
second before the careening metal hit his body and he
burst like a balloon . . .
Tarquin buried his eyes in the palm of his hand. "I live
with the image. Why are you telling me this?"
For answer, Holmes turned to Wells. "Mr Wells, let us
test your own powers of observation. What is the single
most startling aspect of the case?"
He frowned. "When we first visited the Inertial Adjustor
chamber with Tarquin, I recall looking into the capsule, and
scanning the floor and couch for signs of Ralph's death."
"But," Holmes said, "the evidence of Ralph's demise—

bizarre, grotesque—were fixed to the ceiling, not the floor."
"Yes. Tarquin told me to look up—just as later, now I
think on it, you, Mr Holmes, had to tell the engineer Bryson
to raise his head, and his face twisted in horror." He
studied Holmes. "So, a breaking of the symmetry at last.
Tarquin knew where to look; Bryson did not. What does that
tell us?"
Holmes said, "By looking down, by seeking traces of
Ralph on the couch, the floor, we demonstrated we had not
understood what had happened to Ralph. We had to be
shown—as had Bryson! If Bryson had sought to murder
Ralph he would have chosen some other method. Only
someone who has studied the properties of a gravity field
changed by the Inertial Adjustor would know immediately
how cutting that cable would kill Ralph."
Tarquin sat very still, eyes covered. "Someone like me,
you mean?"
Wells said, "Is that an admission, Tarquin?"
Tarquin lifted his face to Holmes, looking thoughtful.
"You do not have any proof. And there is a counterargument. Bryson could have stopped me, before I cut
through the cable. The fact that he did not is evidence of his
guilt!"
"But he was not there," Holmes said evenly. "As you
arranged."
Tarquin guffawed. "He was taking breakfast with my
sister-in-law! How could I arrange such a thing?"

"There is the matter of Bryson's breakfast egg, which
took unusually long to cook," Holmes said.
"Your egg again, Holmes!" Wells cried.
"On that morning," said Holmes, "and that morning
alone, you, Mr Brimicombe, collected fresh eggs from the
coop. I checked with the housekeeper. The eggs used for
breakfast here are customarily a day or more old. As you
surely learned as a child fond of the hens, Tarquin, a fresh
egg takes appreciably longer to cook than one that is a day
or more old. A fresh egg has a volume of clear albumen
solution trapped in layers of dense egg white around the
yolk. These layers make the egg sit up in the frying pan.
After some days the albumen layers degenerate, and the
more watery egg will flatten out, and is more easily
cooked."
Wells gasped. "My word, Holmes. Is there no limit to
your intelligence?"
"Oh," said Brimicombe, "but this is—"
"Mr Brimicombe," Holmes said steadily, "you are not a
habitual criminal. When I call in the police they will find all
the proof any court in the land could require. Do you doubt
that?"
Tarquin Brimicombe considered for a while, and then
said: "Perhaps not." He gave Holmes a grin, like a good
loser on the playing field. "Maybe I tried to be too clever; I
thought I was home clear anyway, but when I knew you were
coming I decided to bluff you over Bryson to be sure. I knew

about his involvement with Jane; I knew he would have a
motive for you to pick up—"
"And so you tried to implicate an innocent man." I
could see Holmes's cool anger building.
Wells said, "So it is resolved. Tell me one thing.
Tarquin. If not for your brother's money, why?"
He showed surprise. "Do you not know, Bertie? The
first aviator will be the most famous man in history. I wanted
to be that man, to fly Ralph's craft into the air, perhaps even
to other worlds."
"But," Wells said, "Ralph claimed to have flown already
all the way to the Moon and back."
Tarquin dismissed this with a gesture. "Nobody
believed that. I could have been first. But my brother would
never have allowed it."
"And so," said Wells bitterly, "you destroyed your
brother—and his work—rather than allow him precedence."
There was a touch of pride in Tarquin's voice. "At least
I can say I gave my destiny my best shot, Bertie Wells. Can
you say the same?"
The formalities of Tarquin Brimicombe's arrest and
charging were concluded rapidly, and the three of us,
without regret, took the train for London. The journey was
rather strained; Wells, having enjoyed the hunt, now
seemed embittered by the unravelling of the Brimicombe
affair. He said, "It is a tragedy that the equipment is so

smashed up, that Ralph's note-taking was so poor, that his
brother—murderer or not—is such a dullard. It will not prove
possible to restore Ralph's work, I fear."
Holmes mused, "But the true tragedy here is that of a
scientist who sacrificed his humanity—the love of his wife—
for knowledge."
Wells grew angry. "Really. And what of you, Mr
Holmes, and your dry quest for fact, fact, fact? What have
you sacrificed?"
"I do not judge," Holmes said easily. "I merely
observe."
"At any rate," said Wells, "it may be many years before
humans truly fly to the Moon—oh. I am reminded." He dug
into a coat pocket and pulled out a small, stoppered vial. It
contained a quantity of grey-black dust, like charcoal. "I
found it. Here is the 'Moon dust' which Ralph gave me, the
last element of his hoax." He opened the bottle and shook a
thimbleful of dust into the palms of Holmes and myself.
I poked at the grains. They were sharp-edged. The
dust had a peculiar smell: "Like wood smoke," I opined.
"Or wet ash," Wells suggested. "Or gunpowder!"
Holmes frowned thoughtfully. "I suppose the soil of the
Moon, never having been exposed to air, would react with
the oxygen in our atmosphere. The iron contained therein—
it would be like a slow burning—"
Wells collected the dust from us. He seemed angry
and bitter. "Let us give up this foolishness. What a waste

this all is. How many advances of the intellect have been
betrayed by the weakness of the human heart? Oh,
perhaps I might make a romance of this—but that is all that
is left! Here! Have done with you!" And with an impetuous
gesture he opened the carriage window and shook out the
vial, scattering dust along the track. Holmes raised an
elegant hand, as if to stop him, but he was too late. The
dust was soon gone, and Wells discarded the bottle itself.
For the rest of the journey to Paddington, Holmes was
strangely thoughtful, and said little.

Mrs Hudson's Case
by Laurie R. King
Laurie R. King is the bestselling author of the Mary
Russell series, which began with The Beekeeper's
Apprentice. The latest entry in the series, The
Language of Bees, was published in April, and the
next volume, currently titled The Green Man, is due out
next year. King is the winner of the Edgar, Creasy, and
Nero awards, and is slated to be the Guest of Honor at
the 2010 Bouchercon World Mystery Convention.
Although King writes primarily in the mystery genre,
she is also the author of the post-apocalyptic novel
Califia's Daughters, written under the pseudonym
Leigh Richards.
They say it's a man's world, and that's largely true of
the world of Sherlock Holmes as well. Holmes and
Watson are perhaps the best known "buddy" pair in
literature, and most of the characters they interact with
are men—Lestrade, Moriarty, Moran. Of the more
notable female characters, Irene Adler appears in only
one adventure and Mrs. Hudson is very much on the
periphery. This story changes all that—as you might
guess from the title—placing Mrs. Hudson squarely in

the center of events. Another strong female presence
here is Mary Russell, a university student and protégé
of Sherlock Holmes, who first appeared in the
aforementioned The Beekeeper's Apprentice . King
describes Russell as "what Sherlock Holmes would
look like if Holmes, the Victorian detective, were (a) a
woman, (b) of the Twentieth century, and (c) interested
in theology." Russell's many talents include knife
throwing, lock picking, and ancient languages. Women
often exist in private solidarity with each other, sharing
confidences and secrets that are kept separate from
the world of men. That is certainly the case in our next
adventure, which gives us a rare glimpse of Mrs.
Hudson from the point of view of another woman.
As has been noted by a previous biographer, Mrs
Hudson was the most long-suffering of landladies. In the
years when Sherlock Holmes lived beneath her Baker
Street roof, she faced with equanimity his irregular hours,
his ill temper, his malodorous and occasionally dangerous
chemical experiments, his (again) occasionally malodorous
and even dangerous visitors, and all the other demands
made on her dwelling and her person. And yet, far from
rejoicing when Holmes quit London for the sea-blown
expanses of the Sussex Downs, in less than three months
she had turned her house over to an estate agent and
followed him, to run his household as she had formerly run

her own. When once I dared to ask her why, late on a
celebratory evening when she had rather more drink taken
than was her wont, she answered that the devil himself
needed someone to look after him, and it made her fingers
itch to know that Mr Holmes was not getting the care to
which he was accustomed. Besides, she added under her
breath, the new tenants had not been in place for a week
before she knew she would go mad with boredom.
Thus, thanks to the willingness of this good woman to
continue suffering in the service of genius, Holmes' life went
on much as before.
Not that he was grateful, or indeed even aware of her
sacrifice. He went on, as I said, much as before, feeling
vexed when her tidying had removed some vital item or
when her regular market-day absence meant that he had to
brew his own coffee. Deep in his misogynistic soul, he was
not really convinced that women had minds, rights, or lives
of their own.
This may be unfair; he was certainly always more than
ready to dismiss members of his own sex. However, there
is no doubt that a woman, be she lady or governess,
triggered in him an automatic response of polite disinterest
coupled with vague impatience: it took a high degree of
determination on the part of a prospective client who
happened to be female to drag him into a case.
Mrs Hudson, though, was nothing if not determined. On
this day in October of 1918 she had pursued him through

the house and up the stairs, finally bearding him in his
laboratory, where she continued to press upon him the
details of her odd experience. However, her bristling Scots
implacability made little headway against the carapace of
English phlegm that he was turning against her. I stood in
the doorway, witness to the meeting of irresistible force and
immovable object.
"No, Mrs Hudson, absolutely not. I am busy." To prove
it (although when I had arrived at his house twenty minutes
earlier I had found him moping over the newspapers) he
turned to his acid-stained workbench and reached for
some beakers and a couple of long glass tubes.
"All I'm asking you to do is to rig a wee trap," she said,
her accent growing with her perturbation.
Holmes snorted. "A bear trap in the kitchen, perhaps?
Oh, a capital idea, Mrs Hudson."
"You're not listening to me, Mister 'Olmes. I told you, I
wanted you to fix up a simple camera, so I can see who it is
that's been coming in of rights and helping himself to my
bits and pieces."
"Mice, Mrs Hudson. The country is full of them." He
dropped a pipette into a jar and transferred a quantity of
liquid into a clean beaker.
"Mice!" She was shocked. "In my kitchen? Mr Holmes,
really.''
Holmes had gone too far, and knew it. "I do apologize,
Mrs Hudson. Perhaps it was the cat?"

"And what call would a cat have for a needle and
thread?" she demanded, unplacated. "Even if the beastie
could work the latch on my sewing case."
"Perhaps Russell . . . ?"
"You know full well that Mary's been away at University
these four weeks."
"Oh, very well. Ask Will to change the locks on the
doors." He turned his back with an optimistic attempt at
finality.
"I don't want the locks changed, I want to know who it
is. Things have gone missing from all the neighbours, little
things mostly, but it's not nice."
I had been watching Holmes' movements at first idly,
then more closely, and now I took a step into the room and
caught at Mrs Hudson's sleeve. "Mrs Hudson, I'll help you
with it. I'm sure I can figure out how to booby trap a camera
with a flash. Come, let's go downstairs and decide where to
put it."
"But I thought—"
"Come with me, Mrs Hudson."
"Mary, are you certain?"
"Now, Mrs Hudson." I tightened my grip on her
substantial arm and hauled, just as Holmes removed his
finger from the end of the pipette and allowed the
substance it held to drop into the already seething mixture
in the beaker. He had not been paying attention to his
experiment; a cloud of noxious green gas began instantly to

billow up from the mouth of the beaker. Mrs Hudson and I
went with all haste down the stairs, leaving Holmes to grope
his way to the shutters and fling them open, coughing and
cursing furiously.
Once in her kitchen, Mrs Hudson's inborn hospitality
reasserted itself, and I had to wait until she had stirred up a
batch of rock cakes, questioned me about my progress
and my diet up at Oxford in this, my second year there. She
then put on the kettle, washed up the bowls, and swept the
floor before finally settling in a chair across the soft
scrubbed wood table from me.
"You were saying," I began, "that you've had a series
of break-ins and small thefts."
"Some food and a bit of milk from time to time. Usually
stale things, a heel of bread and a knob of dry cheese.
Some wool stockings from the darning basket, two old
blankets I'd intended for the church. And as I said, a couple
of needles and a spool of black thread from the sewing
case." She nodded at the neat piece of wooden joinery with
the padded top that sat in front of her chair by the fire, and I
had to agree, no cat could have worked its latch.
"Alcohol?"
"Never. And never have I missed any of the household
money I keep in the tea caddy or anything of value. Mrs
Prinnings down the road claims she lost a ring to the thief,
but she's terribly absent-minded, she is."
"How is he getting in?"

"I think he must have a key." Seeing my expression,
she hastened to explain. "There's always one on the hook
at the back door, and one day last week when Will needed
it, I couldn't find it. I thought he maybe borrowed it earlier
and forgot to return it, that's happened before, but it could
have been the thief. And I admit I'm not always good at
locking up all the windows at night. Which is probably how
he got in in the first place."
"So change the locks."
"The thing is, Mary, I can't help but feel it's some poor
soul who is in need, and although I certainly don't want him
to waltz in and out, I do want to know who it is so that I know
what to do. Do you follow me?"
I did, actually. There were a handful of ex-soldiers living
around the fringes of Oxford, so badly shell-shocked as to
be incapable of ordinary social intercourse, who slept
rough and survived by what wits were left them. Tragic
figures, and one would not wish to be responsible for their
starvation.
"How many people in the area have been broken
into?"
"Pretty near everyone when it first started, the end of
September. Since then those who have locks use them.
The others seem to think it's fairies or absent-mindedness."
"Fairies?"
"The little people are a curious lot," she said. I looked
closely to be sure that she was joking, but I couldn't tell.

Some invisible signal made her rise and go to the
oven, and sure enough, the cakes were perfect and golden
brown. We ate them with fresh butter and drank tea (Mrs
Hudson carried a tray upstairs, and returned without
comment but with watering eyes) and then turned our
combined intellects to the problem of photographing
intruders.
I returned the next morning, Saturday, with a variety of
equipment. Borrowing a hammer, nails, and scraps of
wood from old Will, the handyman, and a length of fine
fishing twine from his grandson, by trial and error Mrs
Hudson (interrupted regularly by delivery boys, shouts from
upstairs, and telephone calls) and I succeeded in rigging a
trip wire across the kitchen door.
During the final stages of this delicate operation, as I
perched on the stepladder adjusting the camera, I was
peripherally aware of Holmes' voice raised to shout down
the telephone in the library. After a few minutes, silence fell,
and shortly thereafter his head appeared at the level of my
waist.
He didn't sneer at my efforts. He acted as if I were not
there, as if he had found Mrs Hudson rolling out a pie crust
rather than holding out a selection of wedges for me to use
in my adjustments.
"Mrs Hudson, it appears that I shall be away for a few
days. Would you sort me out some clean collars and the
like?"

"Now, Mr Holmes?"
"Any time in the next ten minutes will be fine," he said
generously, then turned and left without so much as a
glance at me. I bent down to call through the doorway at his
retreating back.
"I go back to Oxford tomorrow, Holmes."
"It was good of you to come by, Russell," he said, and
disappeared up the stairs.
"You can leave the wedges with me, Mrs Hudson," I
told her. "I'm nearly finished."
I could see her waver with the contemplation of
rebellion, but we both knew full well that Holmes would
leave in ten minutes, clean linen or no, and whereas I would
have happily sent him on his way grubby, Mrs Hudson's
professional pride was at stake. She put the wedges on the
top of the stepladder and hurried off.
She and Holmes arrived simultaneously in the central
room of the old cottage just as I had alighted from the
ladder to examine my handiwork. I turned my gaze to
Holmes, and found him dressed for Town, pulling on a pair
of black leather gloves.
"A case, Holmes?"
"Merely a consultation, at this point. Scotland Yard has
been reflecting on our success with the Jessica Simpson
kidnapping, and in their efforts to trawl the bottom of this
latest kidnapping, have decided to have me review their
efforts for possible gaps. Paperwork merely, Russell," he

added. "Nothing to excite you."
"This is the Oberdorfer case?" I asked. It was nearly a
month since the two children, twelve-year-old Sarah and her
seven-year-old brother Louis, had vanished from Hyde
Park under the expensive nose of their nurse. They were
orphans, the children of a cloth manufacturer with factories
in three countries and his independently wealthy French
wife. His brother, who had taken refuge in London during
the war, had anticipated a huge demand of ransom. He
was still waiting.
"Is there news?"
"There is nothing. No ransom note, no sightings,
nothing. Scotland Yard is settling to the opinion that it was
an outburst of anti-German sentiment that went too far,
along the lines of the smashing of German shopkeepers'
windows that was so common in the opening months of the
war. Lestrade believes the kidnapper was a rank amateur
who panicked at his own audacity and killed them, and
further thinks their bodies will be found any day, no doubt by
some sportsman's dog." He grimaced, tucked in the ends
of his scarf, buttoned his coat against the cool autumnal
day, and took the portmanteau from Mrs Hudson's hand.
"Well, good luck, Holmes," I said.
"Luck," he said austerely, "has nothing to do with it."
When he had left, Mrs Hudson and I stood looking at
each other for a long minute, sobered by this reminder of
what was almost certainly foul murder, and also by the

revealing lack of enthusiasm and optimism in the
demeanour of the man who had just driven off. Whatever he
might say, our success in the Simpson case two months
earlier had been guided by luck, and I had no yearning to
join forces in a second kidnap case, particularly one that
was patently hopeless.
I sighed, and then we turned to my trap. I explained
how the camera worked, told her where to take the film to
be developed and printed, and then tidied away my tools
and prepared to take my own departure.
"You'll let me know if anything turns up?" I asked. "I
could try to make it back down next weekend, but—"
"No, no, Mary, you mustn't interfere with your studies. I
shall write and let you know."
I stepped cautiously over the taut fishing wire and
paused in the doorway. "And you'll tell me if Holmes seems
to need any assistance in this Oberdorfer case?"
"That I will."
I left, ruefully contemplating the irony of a man who
normally avoided children like the plague (aside from those
miniature adults he had scraped off the streets to form his
"Irregulars" in the Baker Street days); these days he
seemed to have his hands full of them.
I returned to Oxford, and my studies, and truth to tell the
first I thought about Mrs Hudson's problem was more than a
week later, on a Wednesday, when I realized that for the
second week in a row her inevitable Tuesday letter had not

come. I had not expected the first one, though she often
wrote even if I had seen her the day before, but not to write
after eight days was unprecedented.
I telephoned the cottage that evening. Holmes was still
away, Mrs Hudson thought, interviewing the Oberdorfer
uncle in Paris, and she herself sounded most peculiar. She
seemed distracted, and said merely that she'd been too
busy to write, apologized, and asked if there was anything
in particular I was wanting?
Badly taken aback, I stammered out a question
concerning our camera trap.
"Oh, yes," she said, "the camera. No, no, nothing much
has come of that. Still, it was a good idea, Mary. Thank you.
Well, I must be gone now, dear, take care."
The line went dead, and I slowly put up the earpiece.
She hadn't even asked if I was eating well.
I was hit by a sudden absurd desire to leave
immediately for Sussex. I succeeded in pushing it away, but
on Saturday morning I was on the train south, and by
Saturday afternoon my hand was on the kitchen door to
Holmes' cottage.
A moment later my nose was nearly on the door as
well, flattened against it, in fact, because the door did not
open. It was locked.
This door was never locked, certainly not in the
daytime when there was anyone at home, yet I could have
sworn that I had heard a scurry of sound from within. When I

tried to look in the window, my eyes were met by a gaily
patterned tea-towel, pinned up neatly to all the edges.
"Mrs Hudson?" I called. There was no answer.
Perhaps the movement had been the cat. I went around the
house, tried the French doors and found them locked as
well, and continued around to the front door, only to have it
open as I stretched out my hand. Mrs Hudson stood in the
narrow opening, her sturdy shoe planted firmly against the
door's lower edge.
"Mrs Hudson, there you are! I was beginning to think
you'd gone out."
"Hello there, Mary. I'm surprised to see you back down
here so soon. Mr Holmes isn't back from the Continent yet,
I'm sorry."
"Actually, I came to see you."
"Ah, Mary, such a pity, but I really can't have you in. I'm
taking advantage of Mr Holmes' absence to turn out the
house, and things are in a dreadful state. You should have
checked with me first, dear."
A brief glance at her tidy, uncovered hair and her clean
hand on the door made it obvious that heavy housecleaning
was not her current preoccupation. Yet she did not appear
afraid, as if she was being held hostage or something; she
seemed merely determined. Still, I had to keep her at the
door as long as I could while I searched for a clue to her
odd behaviour.
Such was my intention; however, every question was

met by a slight edging back into the house and an
increment of closure of the door, until eventually it clicked
shut before me. I heard the sound of the bolt being shot,
and then Mrs Hudson's firm footsteps, retreating towards
the kitchen.
I stood, away from the house, frankly astonished. I
couldn't even peer in, as the sitting-room windows
overlooking the kitchen had had their curtains tightly shut. I
considered, and discarded, a full frontal assault, and
decided that the only thing for it was stealth.
Mrs Hudson knew me well enough to expect it of me,
of that I was fully aware, so I took care to stay away that
evening, even ringing her from my own house several miles
away to let her know that I was not outside the cottage,
watching her curtains. She also knew that I had to take the
Sunday night train in order to be at the Monday morning
lectures, and would then begin to relax. Sunday night,
therefore, was when I took up my position outside the
kitchen window.
For a long time all I heard were busy kitchen sounds—
a knife on a cutting board, a spoon scraping against the
side of a pot, the clatter of a bowl going into the stone sink.
Then without warning, at about nine o'clock Mrs Hudson
spoke.
"Hello there, dear. Have a good sleep?"
"I always feel I should say 'good morning,' but it's
nighttime," said a voice in response, and I was so startled I

nearly knocked over a pot of herbs. The voice was that of a
child, sleep-clogged but high-pitched: a child with a very
faint German accent.
Enough of this, I thought. I was tempted to heave the
herb pot through the window and just clamber in, but I was
not sure of the condition of Mrs Hudson's heart. Instead I
went silently around the house, found the door barred to my
key, and ended up retrieving the long ladder from the side
of the garden shed and propping it up against Holmes'
window. Of course the man would have jimmy-proof
latches. Finally in frustration I used a rock, and fast as Mrs
Hudson was in responding to the sound of breaking glass, I
still met her at the foot of the stairs, and slipped past her by
feinting to the left and ducking past her on the right.
The kitchen was bare.
However, the bolt was still shot, so the owner of the
German voice was here somewhere. I ignored the furious
Scots woman at my back and ran my eyes over the scene:
the pots of food that she would not have cooked for herself
alone, the table laid for three (one of the place settings with
a diminutive fork and a china mug decorated with pigs
wearing toppers and tails), and two new hairbrushes lying
on a towel on the side of the sink.
"Tell them to come out," I said.
She sighed deeply. "You don't know what you're doing,
Mary."
"Of course I don't. How can I know anything if you keep

me in the dark?"
"Oh, very well. I should have known you'd keep on until
you found out. I was going to move them, but—" She
paused, and raised her voice. "Sarah, Louis, come out
here."
They came, not, as I had expected, from the pantry, but
crawling out of the tiny cupboard in the corner. When they
were standing in the room, eyeing me warily, Mrs Hudson
made the introductions.
"Sarah and Louis Oberdorfer, Miss Mary Russell.
Don't worry, she's a friend. A very nosy friend." She sniffed,
and turned to take another place setting from the sideboard
and lay it out—at the far end of the table from the three
places already there.
"The Oberdorfers," I said. "How on earth did they get
here? Did Holmes bring them? Don't you know that the
police in two countries are looking for them?"
Twelve-year-old Sarah glowered at me. Her sevenyear-old brother edged behind her fearfully. Mrs Hudson set
the kettle down forcefully on the hob.
"Of course I do. And no, Mr Holmes is not aware that
they are here."
"But he's actually working on the case. How could you
—"
She cut me off. Chin raised, grey hair quivering, she
turned on me with a porridge spoon in her hand. "Now don't
you go accusing me of being a traitor, Mary Russell, not

until you know what I know."
We faced off across the kitchen table, the stout, aging
Scots housekeeper and the lanky Oxford undergraduate,
until I realized simultaneously that whatever she was
cooking smelled superb, and that perhaps I ought indeed to
know what she knew. A truce was called, and we sat down
at the table to break bread together.
It took a long time for the various threads of the story to
trickle out, narrated by Mrs Hudson (telling how, in Holmes'
absence, she could nap in the afternoons so as to sit up
night after night until the door had finally been opened by
the thief) and by Sarah Oberdorfer (who coolly recited how
she had schemed and prepared, with map and warm
clothes and enough money to get them started, and only
seemed troubled at the telling of how she had been forced
to take to a life of crime), with the occasional contribution
by young Louis (who thought the whole thing a great lark,
from the adventure of hiding among the baggage in the
train from London to the thrill of wandering the Downs,
unsupervised, in the moonlight). It took longer still for the
entire thing to become clear in my mind. Until midnight, in
fact, when the two children, who had from the beginning
been sleeping days and active at night to help prevent
discovery, were stretched out on the carpet in front of the
fire in the next room, colouring pictures.
"Just to make sure I have this all straight," I said to Mrs
Hudson, feeling rather tired, "let me go over it again. First,

they say they were not kidnapped, they fled under their own
power, from their uncle James Oberdorfer, because they
believed he was trying to kill them in order to inherit his late
brother's, their father's, property."
"You can see Sarah believes it."
I sighed. "Oh yes, I admit she does. Nobody would run
away from a comfortable house, hide in a baggage car,
and live in a cave for three weeks on stolen food if she
didn't believe it. And yes, I admit that there seems to have
been a very odd series of accidents." Mrs Hudson's own
investigative machinery, though not as smooth as that of
her employer, was both robust and labyrinthine: she had
found through the servant sister of another landlady who
had a friend who—and so forth.
There was a great deal of money involved, with
factories not only here and in France, but also in Germany,
where the war seemed on the verge of coming to its bloody
end. These were two very wealthy orphans, with no family
left but one uncle. An uncle who, according to below-thestairs rumour collected by Mrs Hudson's network of
informants, exhibited a smarmy, shallow affection to his
charges. I put my head into my hands.
It all rested on Sarah. A different child I might have
dismissed as being prone to imaginative stories, but those
steady brown eyes of hers, daring me to disbelieve—I
could see why Mrs Hudson, by no means an easy mark for
a sad story, had taken them under her wing.

"And you say the footman witnessed the neardrowning?" I said without looking up.
"If he hadn't happened upon them they'd have been
lost, he said. And the maid who ate some of the special
pudding their uncle brought them was indeed very ill."
"But there's no proof."
"No." She wasn't making this any easier for me. We
both knew that Holmes, with his attitudes towards children,
and particularly girl children, would hand these two back to
their uncle. Oh, he would issue the man a stern warning that
he, Holmes, would in the future take a close personal
interest in the safety of the Oberdorfer heirs, but after all,
accidents were unpredictable things, particularly if
Oberdorfer chose to return to the chaos of war-ravaged
Germany. If he decided the inheritance was worth the risk,
and took care that no proof was available . . .
No proof here either, one way or the other, and this
was one case I could not discuss with Holmes.
"And you were planning on sending them to your
cousin in Wiltshire?"
"It's a nice healthy farm near a good school, and who
would question two more children orphaned by zeppelin
bombs?"
"But only until Sarah is sixteen?"
"Three years and a bit. She'd be a young lady then—
not legally of course, but lawyers would listen to her."
I was only eighteen myself, and could well believe that

authorities who would dismiss a twelve-year-old's wild
accusations would prick their ears at a self-contained
sixteen-year-old. Why, even Holmes . . .
"All right, Mrs Hudson, you win. I'll help you get them to
Wiltshire."
I was not there when Holmes returned a week later,
drained and irritable at his failure to enlighten Scotland
Yard. Mrs Hudson said nothing, just served him his dinner
and his newspapers and went about her business. She
said nothing then, and she said nothing later that evening
when Holmes, who had carried his collection of papers to
the basket chair in front of the fire and prepared to settle in,
leapt wildly to his feet, bent over to dig among the cushions
for a moment, then turned in accusation to his housekeeper
with the gnawed stub of a coloured pencil in his
outstretched palm.
She never did say anything, not even three years later
when the young heir and his older sister (her hair piled
carefully on top of her head, wearing a grown woman's hat
and a dress a bit too old for her slim young frame)
miraculously materialized in a solicitor's office in London,
creating a stir in three countries. However, several times
over the years, whenever Holmes was making some
particularly irksome demand on her patience, I saw this
most long-suffering of landladies take a deep breath, focus
on something far away, and nod briefly, before going on her

placid way with a tiny, satisfied smile on her face.

The Singular Habits of
Wasps
by Geoffrey A. Landis
Geoffrey A. Landis is the author of the books Mars
Crossing and Impact Parameter and Other Quantum
Realities. He is also the author of more than eighty
short stories, which have appeared in venues such as
Analog, Asimov's, and The Magazine of Fantasy &
Science Fiction, and has been reprinted frequently in
best-of-the-year volumes. He is the winner of the
Nebula, Hugo (twice), and Locus awards for his fiction,
and a Rhysling Award for SF poetry. In addition to his
science fiction writing, Landis works for the NASA
John Glenn Research Center, where he was part of the
Mars Pathfinder rover team and the Mars Exploration
Rover science team.
The character Sherlock Holmes was largely based on
Dr. Joseph Bell, with whom Conan Doyle studied at
medical school. Bell was renowned for making
diagnoses on the basis of simple observation, and
also for drawing seemingly inexplicable deductions
about a patient—for example, that he had been

walking earlier in a particular area of the city—based
on minute details, such as the color of clay on the
person's shoes. Bell was instrumental in the
development of forensic science, and local law
enforcement often consulted with him to help them
crack tough cases, including the case of Jack the
Ripper. Bell sent police a sealed envelope containing
the name of the individual he believed to be
responsible, and after that the murders stopped. Jack
the Ripper was the world's first celebrity serial killer.
He preyed on prostitutes in the Whitechapel district of
London and is perhaps still the most famous of all such
killers, despite having slain only a handful of victims.
His fame can most likely be attributed to his evocative
sobriquet and to the enduring mystery surrounding his
identity and motive. Our next story presents a chilling
and unexpected explanation for the Ripper's grisly
crimes.
Of the many adventures in which I have participated
with my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes, none has been more
singularly horrifying than the case of the Whitechapel
killings, nor ever had I previously had cause to doubt the
sanity of my friend. I need but close my eyes to see again
the horror of that night; the awful sight of my friend, his arms
red to the elbow, his knife still dripping gore, and to recall in
every detail the gruesome horrors that followed.

The tale of this adventure is far too awful to allow any
hint of the true course of the affair to be known. Although I
dare never let this account be read by others, I have often
noticed, in chronicling the adventures of my friend, that in
the process of putting pen to paper a great relief occurs. A
catharsis, as we call it in the medical profession. And so I
hope that by putting upon paper the events of those weeks,
I may ease my soul from its dread fascination with the
horrid events of that night. I will write this and then secret the
account away with orders that it be burned upon my death.
Genius is, as I have often remarked, closely akin to
madness, so closely that at times it is hard to distinguish
the one from the other, and the greatest geniuses are also
often quite insane. I had for a long time known that my
friend was subject to sporadic fits of blackest depression,
from which he could become aroused in an instant into
bursts of manic energy, in a manner not unlike the cyclic
mood-swings of a madman. But the limits to his sanity I
never probed.
The case began in the late springtime of 1888. All who
were in London at that time will recall the perplexing
afternoon of the double cannonade. Holmes and I were
enjoying a cigar after lunch in our sitting room at 221B
Baker Street when the hollow report of a double firing of
cannon rang out from the cloudless sky, rattling the
windows and causing Mrs. Hudson's china to dance upon
its shelves. I rushed to the window. Holmes was in the midst
of one of those profound fits of melancholia to which he is

so prone, and did not rise from his chair, but did bestir
himself so much as to ask what I saw. Aside from other,
equally perplexed folk opening their windows to look in all
directions up and down the street, I saw nothing out of the
ordinary, and such I reported to him.
"Most unusual," Holmes remarked. He was still
slumped almost bonelessly in his chair, but I believed I
detected a bit of interest in his eye. "We shall hear more
about this, I would venture to guess."
And indeed, all of London seemed to have heard the
strange reports, without any source to be found, and the
subject could not be avoided all that day or the next. Each
newspaper ventured an opinion, and even strangers on the
street talked of little else. As to conclusion, there was none,
nor was the strange sound repeated. In another day the
usual gossip, scandals and crimes of the city had crowded
the marvel out of the papers, and the case was forgotten.
But it had, at least, the effect of breaking my friend out
of his melancholia, even so far as to cause him to pay a
rare visit to his brother at the Diogenes Club. Mycroft was
high in the Queen's service, and there were few secrets of
the Empire to which Mycroft was not privy. Holmes did not
confide in me as to what result came of his inquiries of
Mycroft, but he spent the remainder of the evening pacing
and smoking, contemplating some mystery.
In the morning we had callers, and the mystery of the
cannonade was temporarily set aside. They were two men

in simple but neat clothes, both very diffident and hesitant of
speech.
"I see that you have come from the south of Surrey,"
Holmes said calmly. "A farm near Godalming, perhaps?"
"Indeed we have, sir, from Covingham, which is a bit
south of Godalming," said the elder of the visitors, "though
how you could know, I'll never guess in all my born days,
seeing as how I've never had the pleasure of meeting you
before in my life, nor Baxter here neither."
I knew that Holmes, with his encyclopaedic knowledge,
would have placed them precisely from their accents and
clothing, although this elementary feat of deduction seemed
to quite astound our visitors.
"And this is the first visit to London for either of you,"
said Holmes. "Why have you come this distance from your
farm to see me?"
The two men looked at each other in astonishment.
"Why, right you are again, sir! Never been to London town,
nor Baxter."
"Come, come; to the point. You have traveled this
distance to see me upon some matter of urgency."
"Yes, sir. It's the matter of young Gregory. A farm hand
he was, sir, a strapping lad, over six feet and still lacking 'is
full height. A-haying he was. A tragic accident t'was, sir,
tragic."
Holmes of course noticed the use of the past tense,
and his eyes brightened. "An accident, you say? Not

murder?"
"Yes."
Holmes was puzzled. "Then, pray, why have you come
to me?"
" 'Is body, sir. We've come about 'is body."
"What about it?"
"Why, it's gone, sir. Right vanished away."
"Ah." Holmes leaned forward in his chair, his eyes
gleaming with sudden interest. "Pray, tell me all about it,
and spare none of the details."
The story they told was long and involved many
diversions into details of life as a hired hand at
Sherringford Farm, the narration so roundabout that even
Holmes's patience was tried, but the essence of the story
was simple. Baxter and young Gregory had been working
in the fields when Gregory had been impaled by the blade
of the mechanical haying engine. "And cursed be the day
that the master ever decided to buy such an infernal
device," added the older man, who was the uncle and only
relation of the poor Gregory. Disentangled from the
machine, the young farmhand had been still alive, but very
clearly dying. His abdomen had been ripped open and his
viscera exposed. Baxter had laid the dying man in the
shade of a hayrick, and gone to fetch help. Help had taken
two hours to arrive, and when they had come, they had
found the puddle of congealing blood, but no sign of
Gregory. They had searched all about, but the corpse was

nowhere to be found, nor was there any sign of how he had
been carried away. There was no chance, Baxter insisted,
that Gregory could have walked even a small distance on
his own. "Not unless he dragged 'is guts after him. I've seen
dying men, guv, and men what 'ave been mere wounded,
and young Gregory was for it."
"This case may have some elements of interest in it,"
said Holmes. "Pray, leave me to cogitate upon the matter
tonight. Watson, hand me the train schedule, would you?
Thank you. Ah, it is as I thought. There is a 9 AM train from
Waterloo." He turned to the two men. "If you would be so
good as to meet me on the morrow at the platform?"
"Aye, sir, that we could."
"Then it is settled. Watson, I do believe you have a
prior engagement?"
That I did, as I was making plans for my upcoming
marriage, and had already made firm commitment in the
morning to inspect a practice in the Paddington district with
a view toward purchasing it. Much as I have enjoyed
accompanying my friend upon his adventures, this was one
which I should have to forego.
Holmes returned late from Surrey, and I did not see
him until breakfast the next morning. As often he was when
on a case, he was rather uncommunicative, and my
attempts to probe the matter were met with monosyllables,
except at the very last. "Most unusual," he said, as if to
himself. "Most singular indeed."

"What?" I asked, eager to listen now that it appeared
that Holmes was ready to break his silence.
"The tracks, Watson," he said. "The tracks. Not man,
nor beast, but definitely tracks." He looked at his pocketwatch. "Well, I must be off. Time enough for cogitation when
I have more facts."
"But where are you going?"
Holmes laughed. "My dear Watson, I have in my time
amassed a bit of knowledge of various matters which
would be considered most recherché to laymen. But I fear
that, upon occasion, even I must consult with an expert."
"Then whom?"
"Why, I go to see Professor Huxley," he answered, and
was out the door before I could ask what query he might
have for the eminent biologist.
He was absent from Baker Street all afternoon. When
he returned after suppertime I was anxious to ask how his
interview with the esteemed professor had gone.
"Ah, Watson, even I make my occasional mistake. I
should have telegraphed first. As it was, Professor Huxley
had just left London, and is not to return for a week." He
took out his pipe, inspected it for a moment, then set it
aside and rang for Mrs. Hudson to bring in some supper.
"But in this case, my journey was not in vain. I had a most
delightful discussion with the professor's protégé, a Mr.
Wells by name. A Cockney lad, son of a shop-keeper and
no more than twenty-two, unless I miss my guess, but a

most remarkable man nonetheless. Interested in a wide
variety of fields, and I venture to say that in whatever field he
chooses, he will outshine even his esteemed teacher. Quite
an interesting conversation we had, and a most useful one."
"But what was it that you discussed?" I asked.
Holmes set aside the cold beef that Mrs. Hudson had
brought, leaned back in his chair, and shut his eyes. For a
while I thought that he had gone to sleep without hearing my
question. At last he spoke. "Why, we discussed the planet
Mars," he said, without opening his eyes. "And the singular
habits of wasps."
It seemed that his researches, whatever they were, led
to no distinct conclusion, for when I asked him about the
case the next day, he gave no response. That day he
stayed in his chambers, and through the closed door I
heard only the intermittent voice of his violin speaking in its
melancholy, unfathomable tongue.
I have perhaps mentioned before that my friend would
habitually have more than one case on which he worked at
any one time. It appeared that over the next few evenings
he was about on another one, for I found him dressing to go
out at a late hour.
"Another case, Holmes?" I asked.
"As you can see, Watson," he replied. He indicated his
less-than-respectable outfit and the threadbare workman's
jacket he was pulling on over it. "Duty calls at all hours. I

shan't be more than a few hours, I expect."
"I am ready to assist."
"Not in this one, my dear friend. You may stay home
tonight."
"Is there danger?"
"Danger?" He seemed surprised, as if the thought
hadn't occurred to him. "Danger? Oh, perhaps a slight bit."
"You know that I would not hesitate . . . "
"My dear doctor," he said, and smiled. "Let me assure
you that I am not worried on that score. No, it is that I go to
the East End . . . "
The East End of London was no place for gentlemen,
with slaughterhouses and tenements of the lowest order; a
place for drunkards, sailors, Chinese and Indian laborers,
and ruffians of all sorts. Nevertheless I was quite willing to
brave much worse, if necessary, for the sake of Holmes. "Is
that all?" I said. "Holmes, I do believe you underestimate
me!"
"Ah, Watson . . . " He seemed to reflect for a moment.
"No, it would not do. You are soon to be married, and have
your wife-to-be to think of." He raised a hand to forestall my
imminent objection. "No, not the danger, my friend. Don't
worry for me on that score. I have my resources. It is . . .
how to put it delicately? I expect that I shall meet people in
places where a gentleman soon to be married would best
not be seen."
"Holmes!"

"Business, my dear Watson. Business." And with that,
he left.
His business there did not seem to be concluded that
evening or the next. By the end of August he was visiting
the East End once or twice a week. I had already become
used to his odd hours and strange habits, and soon thought
nothing of it. But he was so habitual about it, and so
secretive, that it soon caused me to wonder whether
perhaps he might be calling upon a woman. I could think of
nothing that seemed less like Holmes, for in all my time with
him he had never expressed a trace of romantic interest in
the fairer sex. And yet, from my own medical experience, I
knew that even the most steadfast of men must experience
those urges common to our gender, however much he
might profess to disdain romance.
Romance? Though I myself never frequented such
places, as an Army man I knew quite as well as Holmes
what sort of women dwelt in Whitechapel, and what
profession they practiced. Indeed, he had admitted as
much when he had warned me away "because I was to be
married." But then, a woman of such type could well appeal
to Holmes. There would be nothing of romance involved. It
would be merely a business proposition for her, and a
release of pressure for him. A dozen times I resolved to
warn him of the dangers—the danger of disease, if nothing
else—in patronizing women of that sort, and so many times
my nerve failed and I said nothing.

And, if it were not what I feared, what case could it be
that would take him into Whitechapel with such frequency?
One evening shortly after Holmes had left, a message
boy delivered a small package addressed to him. The
address proclaimed it to be from a John B. Coores and
Sons, but gave no clue to its contents. This name seemed
to me familiar, but, struggle as I might, I could not recall
where I might have seen it before. I left it in the sitting room
for Holmes, and the next morning saw that he had taken it.
He made no mention of the package or of what it
contained, however, and my curiosity over it remained
unslaked.
But another event soon removed that curiosity from my
mind. The newspaper that morning carried a report of a
brutal murder on Buck's Row in Whitechapel. The body of
an unidentified woman had been found on the street, and,
what was even more grotesque, after her death her body
had been brutally sliced open. I read the paper to Holmes
as he sat drinking coffee in the morning. As far as I could
tell, he had not slept the previous night, although he
seemed little the worse for it. He made no comment on the
article. It occurred to me that for all its gruesome features,
this was the sort of commonplace murder he would have no
interest in, since it seemed quite lacking in the singular
points that so interested him. I made a comment to him to
that effect.

"Not so, Watson," he said, without looking up. "I am
quite interested to hear what the press has to say about the
Nichols tragedy."
This comment startled me considerably, since the
paper had given no name to the victim. I suddenly
remembered that East London was exactly where Holmes
was going for all these evenings, perhaps to the very place
the murder had occurred.
"My God, Holmes! Did you know her?"
At this he looked up, and gave me a long, piercing
stare. After a long while he looked away and gave a short
laugh. "I do have my secrets, Watson. Pray, inquire no
further."
But to me his laughter sounded forced.
It was a week before I saw Holmes prepare for another
of his nocturnal sojourns. After napping all afternoon,
Holmes was again dressing in faded and tattered clothing.
This time I did not ask, but silently dressed to follow.
When he put on his ear-flapped travelling-cap, I was
ready as well. I quietly walked to his side, clutching my old
service revolver in the pocket of my coat. He looked at me
with an expression of utmost horror and put up a hand. "My
God, Watson! If you value your life and your honour, don't
follow me!"
"Just tell me this, then," I said. "Are you doing
something . . . dishonourable?"

"I am doing what I must." And he was out the door and
gone in the time it took me to realize that he had in no way
answered my question.
As I prepared for bed that night, wondering where
Holmes had gone and what he was doing there, it suddenly
occurred to me where I had seen the name John B. Coores
and Sons before. I crossed the room, thrust open the
cabinet where I kept medical supplies, and drew out a
small wooden box. There it was. I had looked at the name a
thousand times without really seeing it, neatly lettered on
the side of the box: John B. Coores and Sons, Fine
Surgical Instruments. But what could Holmes want with
surgical tools?
And in the next evening's paper, I saw with horror that
there had been another murder. The Whitechapel killer had
struck again, and once more he had not contented himself
with merely killing the woman. Using a surgical knife and a
knowledge of anatomy, he had dissected the body and
removed several organs.
That Sunday I took my beloved Mary to the theatre. My
thoughts were dark, but I endeavoured to allow none of my
turmoil to be communicated to her, hoping instead that her
sweet presence might distract me from my dire
speculations. Events plotted against me, however, for
playing at the Lyceum was a most disturbing play, The

Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . I watched the
play with my mind awhirl, scarcely noticing the presence of
my beloved at my side.
After the play I pleaded sudden ill health and fled
home. Seeing my ashen face, Mary heartily agreed that I
should go home to rest, and it was all I could do to
dissuade her from accompanying me back to serve as
nurse.
The play had been presented as fiction, but it had hit a
note of purest truth. That a single man could have two
personalities! Stevenson had been circumspect about
naming the drug that would so polarize a man's psyche as
to split his being into two parts, but with my medical
knowledge I could easily fill in the name, and it was a drug I
had intimate knowledge of. Yes. A man could suppress his
animal instincts, could make himself into a pure reasoning
machine, but the low urges would not wither away, oh no.
They would still be there, lurking inside, awaiting a chance
to break loose.
I had thought that either Holmes was stalking the
Whitechapel killer, or else that Holmes was the killer. Now I
suddenly realized that there was yet another alternative:
Holmes the detective could be stalking the Whitechapel
killer, completely unaware that he himself was the very
criminal he sought.
It was a week before he went out again. The following
day I scanned the newspapers in an agony of suspense,

but there was no murder reported. Perhaps I was
overwrought and imagining things? But Holmes seemed
haunted by something, or perhaps hunted. There was
something on his mind. When I invited him to confide in me,
he looked at me for a long time and then slowly shook his
head. "I dare not, Watson." He was silent for a while, and
then said, "Watson, if I should suddenly die—"
At this I could take no more. "My God, Holmes, what is
it? Surely you can tell me something!"
"This is important, Watson. If I should die . . . burn my
corpse. Promise me that."
"Holmes!"
He gripped my shoulder and looked intently into my
eye. "Promise me, on your honour."
"I promise."
"On your honour, Watson!"
"On my honour, I promise."
He suddenly relaxed, almost collapsing into his chair.
"Thank you."
That night again he went out, and again the next. His
face was drawn, as if he were desperately seeking
something he had been unable to find on the previous night.
Both evenings he seemed upon the brink of saying
something to me, only to think better of it at the last
moment, and vanish without a word into the London night.
The next evening's papers told of not one, but two

murders in the East end. The Whitechapel killer—now
dubbed "Jack the Ripper" by all the papers—had worked
double duty. And this time a witness had given a
description of the suspected killer: a tall man in a dark
cutaway overcoat, wearing a felt deerstalker hat.
I confronted Holmes with the papers and my
suspicions. I had hoped, more than I hope for paradise, that
he would dismiss my deductions with his soft, mocking
laugh, and show me some utterly commonplace alternative
explanation of the facts. My hopes were in vain. He listened
to my words with his eyes nearly shut, his briar pipe
clenched unlit between his teeth. Finally my words ground
to a stop against his stony silence. "My God, Holmes, tell
me I'm wrong! Tell me that you had nothing to do with those
murders, I beg of you."
"I can say nothing, my friend."
"Then give me some reason, some shred of sanity."
He was silent. Finally he said, "Do you intend to go to
the police with your suspicions?"
"Do you want me to?" I asked him.
"No." His eyes closed for a moment, and then he
continued, "But it doesn't matter. They would not believe
you in any case." His voice was weary, but calm. His
manner did not seem that of a madman, but I know that
madmen can be fiendishly clever in concealing their
madness from those about them. "Are you aware of how

many letters and telegrams have flooded Scotland Yard in
these last few weeks? The Yard is a madhouse, Watson.
Landladies and madmen, people claiming to have seen the
Ripper, to know the Ripper, to be the Ripper. They receive
a thousand letters a week, Watson. Your voice would be
lost in the madness." He shook his head. "They have no
idea, Watson. They cannot begin to comprehend. The
Whitechapel horror, they call it. If the true horror of it were
known, they would flee the city; they would scream and run
in terror."
Despite everything, I should have gone to the police, or
at least have confided my suspicions to someone else and
asked for counsel. But I knew of no one in whom to confide
such an awful suspicion, least of all my Mary, who trusted
Holmes nearly as a god and would hear no ill of him. And,
despite all, in my heart of hearts I still believed that I must
have read the evidence awry, that Holmes could not truly be
a culprit of such infamy.
The next day, Holmes made no reference to our
conversation. It seemed so strange that I thought to wonder
if it had actually occurred, or if I had dreamed the entire
thing. I determined that, without giving any outward sign of it
to Holmes, I should keep my eyes sharp on him like a hawk.
The next time that I saw him making preparations to leave
on a nocturnal sojourn, I would follow him, whether he
wanted it or no.
Holmes made several trips to Whitechapel during the

daytime, and gave no objection when I asked to
accompany him. It was no place for decent humans to live.
The streets were littered with the filth of horses, pigs,
chickens and humans, and the air clamorous with the clatter
of delivery wagons and trains, the carousal of children and
drunkards, and the cackling of chickens and bawling of
pigs which lived side-by-side with people in the basements
and doss-houses. Above us, hanging from every window,
ragged wash turned dingy grey as it dried in pestilenceridden air.
During these trips he did little other than inspect the
streets and look over the blank, white-washed brick walls of
warehouses and blind alleys. On occasion he would stop
for a brief chat over inconsequential matters with a
charwoman or a policeman he might meet walking the
narrow alleyways. Contrary to his nature, he made no
attempt to visit the scenes of the crimes. To me this last
fact was the most damning to my suspicions. Unless he
were involved in some way, surely there would have been
no possibility that anything could have kept him away.
But it was all of October and a week into November
before he again left upon one of his evening peregrinations.
But for an accident of chance, I would have missed it
entirely. I had laid out several traps for him, so as to
awaken me if he tried to leave in the night, and sat wakeful
in the evenings until long after I had heard him retire. One
night in early November, after retiring without incident, I was
unexpectedly awakened in the middle of the night by some

noise. The night was foggy, and through my window I could
hear only the most muffled sounds of the street, as if, from a
tremendous distance, the clopping of a lone set of hooves
and the call of a man hailing a hansom. For some reason I
was unable to get back to sleep, and so I put on my
dressing-gown and descended to the sitting room to take a
finger of whisky.
Holmes was gone. His door was ajar, but the bed was
empty.
I was determined to know the truth, whatever it might
be, and thus in one way or another to bring this adventure to
an end. I dressed hurriedly, thrust my service revolver into a
pocket of my overcoat, and ran out into the night. At that
hour, well after midnight, I had only the most remote hope of
finding a cab anywhere near our Baker Street diggings.
Sometime during the day Holmes must have surreptitiously
arranged for the cab to meet him that night. As I had made
no such arrangements, he had quite the head start on me. It
was the better part of an hour before I made my way past
Aldgate pump and entered the East End slums.
I had suspected that in the wake of the killings the
streets of Whitechapel would be deserted, the public
houses closed and the citizens suspicious of any strangers.
But even at this late hour the streets were far from
deserted. It was a busy, populous area. Wandering
aimlessly on the streets, I found many open pubs, most all
crowded with unemployed workmen and idle women of

dubious repute. Everywhere I walked I found that I was not
more than a hundred yards from a citizen's patrol or a
watchful, armed constable—several of whom watched me
with an intent, suspicious gaze. Even the women on the
streetcorners, wearing shawls and bonnets to ward against
the wet November night, stood in groups of two and three.
Holmes I could find nowhere, and it occurred to me
belatedly that if he were in one of his disguises, he could be
any of the people about me—one of the unemployed
mechanics gambling in the front room of the Boar and
Bristle, the aged clergyman hustling down Commercial
Street toward some unknown destination, the sailor
chatting up the serving girls at the King's Arms. Any of
these could be Holmes.
Any of these could be the Ripper.
All around me there were women, in the pubs, in the
doorways, walking the streets; pathetic women dressed in
cheap finery, with tired smiles and the flash of a stockinged
ankle for any passers-by wearing trousers—"you lonely,
love?"—or with saucy greetings and friendly abuse for the
other women.
I realized that the size of Whitechapel that showed on
the map was deceptive. In the fog and the darkness the
streets were far more narrow, the shops smaller, and the
whole larger and more cluttered than I recalled from the
daytime. Even if there were a hundred constables patrolling
the streets it would not be enough. The blind alleys, the

sparse gas lights, and the drifting banks of fog made the
streets a maze in which the Ripper might kill with impunity
within a few yards of a hundred or more people.
Twice I thought I caught a glimpse of Holmes, but,
when I ran after him, found that I had been deceived. Every
drunkard sleeping in a doorway seemed to be a fresh
corpse, every anonymous stain on the cobblestones looked
like blood, every wandering alley-cat seemed the shadow
of a lurking killer. Several times I contemplated giving up
my hopeless errand and going home, managing to keep on
only by promising myself that I would stay on for just one
hour more.
In the dark hour before sunrise I found him.
I had come into a pub to warm myself for a while. The
barman was surly and uncommunicative, evincing a clear
suspicion of my motives that, while perhaps well enough
justified by recent events, nevertheless made the
atmosphere inside scarcely less chill than that of the night
outside. The beer was cheap and thoroughly watered. At
first a few of the women had come by to pass time with me,
but I found them pathetic rather than alluring, and after a bit
they left me in solitude.
After an hour or so of this, I went out into the night air to
clear my head of the smoke and stink. A light rain had
cleared most of the fog away. I walked at random down the
streets and up alleyways, paying no attention to where I
headed.

After walking for some time, I was disoriented, and
stopped to get my bearings. I had no idea where I was. I
turned a corner and looked down into an unmarked court,
hoping to descry a street sign, but had no luck. In the
darkness I saw something ahead of me; a pair of legs
protruding from the arch of an entranceway. I walked
forward, my blood chill. It was the body of a woman laid on
the cobblestones, skirts awry, half concealed in a doorway.
I had seen a dozen such in the last few hours, drunkards too
poor to afford a bed, but in the instant of vision a dread
presentiment came to me that this one was not merely
drunk and asleep. The darkness beneath her body looked
darker and more liquid than any mere shadow. I knelt down,
and touched her wrist to take a pulse.
Her eyes flew open. It took a moment for her to focus
on me. Suddenly she shrieked and stumbled to her feet.
"Lord have mercy! The Ripper!" she said in a hoarse
whisper. She tripped over her petticoats in a clumsy effort
to stand and run at the same time, and fell to her knees.
"My pardons, Miss," I said. "Are you all right?" Without
thinking, I reached down a hand to help her up.
"Murder!" she shrieked, scrambling away on all fours
like an animal. "Oh! Murder!"
"Madam, please!" I backed away into the alley behind
me. It was evident that nothing I could do would calm her.
She continued to yell as she clattered away, darting
frightened glances back at me over her shoulder. The

courtyard I was in was dark and silent, but I was afraid that
her cries would wake others. I stepped backwards into a
doorway, and suddenly found the door behind me yield to
the pressure. It had not been latched. Off balance, I half-fell
backwards into the room.
The room was thick with the cloying, coppery odor of
blood. The hand I had put down to steady myself came up
slick with it. By the wan light of the fire in the grate across
the room I could see the bed, and the dark, twisted shape
on it, and I had no need to look more closely to know what it
was.
The body of the woman on the bed had been so badly
mutilated that it was hardly recognizable as human. Blood
was everywhere. In a daze I reached out a hand to feel for a
pulse.
Her hand was already cool.
Her skirt had been removed, her petticoats cut away,
and her body neatly opened from pubes to sternum by
some expert dissector.
I was too late. I gave a low moan. Somewhere before
me I heard a low, steady dripping. I looked up, and stared
into the pale face of Sherlock Holmes.
His eyes were weary, but empty of any trace of the
horror that I felt. He was standing in the room behind the
body, and as my eyes adjusted to the shadow I saw that he
held a dissecting knife. His arms were red to the elbows,
and gore dripped in a monotonous rhythm from the knife

onto the stone floor. At his feet was a worn leather
shopkeeper's satchel, half open.
"There is nothing you can do for her, Doctor," said
Holmes, and the calm, even voice in which he said this
pierced me with chill. It was not the Holmes I knew. I was
not sure if he even recognized me. He bent down to snap
the satchel shut before I had more than a brief glimpse of
the bloody meat within it, then wiped the scalpel on the
canvas apron he wore, put it carefully back into the small
wooden case, and dropped it into an outside pocket of the
bag.
He tugged at his left elbow, and only then did I realize
that he wore full-length gloves. He was well prepared for
this venture, I thought, my mind in a state of shock. He
removed the gloves, tossed them into the fire grate, and
pushed at them with a poker. They smoldered for a moment
and then caught fire, with the heavy charnel stink of burning
blood. Beneath his apron he wore work clothes such as any
tradesman might wear.
"My God, Holmes!" I stuttered. "Did you kill her?"
He sighed deeply. "I don't know. Time is short. Please
follow me, Watson."
At least he recognized me. That was a good sign. I
followed him out of long habit, too numb to do anything else.
He closed and locked the door behind him and put the key
into his pocket. He led me through a small gate, down a
cluttered alley, then quickly through two narrow

passageways and into a courtyard behind the
slaughterhouses. The key and the apron he discarded
there. I saw he had a cab waiting, the horse tethered to an
unlit lamppost. There was no cabman in sight. "Take me
home, Watson," he said. "You should not have come. But,
since you are nevertheless here, I confess myself glad of
the chance to unburden myself of the awful things that I have
seen and done. Take me home, and I shall conceal nothing
from you."
I drove and Holmes sat in back, meditating or
sleeping, I could not tell which. We passed three
constables, but I did not stop. He bade me halt at a certain
mews not far from Baker Street. "The cabman will be here
in half an hour," he said, as he tended expertly to the horse.
"He has been paid in advance, and we need not wait."
"I believe you must think me most utterly mad,
Watson," said Holmes, after he had exchanged his rough
clothes for a dressing-gown, meticulously cleansed himself
of dirt and spattered blood, fetched the Persian slipper in
which he kept his tobacco, and settled back in his chair.
"You have not loosened your grip on that service revolver of
yours for the last hour. Your fingers must be cramped by
now, you have been clutching it so strongly—Ah," he said,
as I opened my mouth to deny this, "no use in your
protesting your innocence. Your hand has not strayed from
the pocket of your robe for an instant, and the distinctive
weight of your pistol is quite clearly evident in it. I may be

mad, my dear Watson," he said with a smile, "but I am not
blind."
This was the Holmes I knew, and I relaxed. I knew I had
nothing to fear from him.
His hand hesitated over his rack of pipes, selected his
clay-stemmed pipe, and filled it with shag. "Indeed,
Watson, at times during these last months I would not have
disputed it with you myself. It would have been a relief to
know myself mad, and that all I have seen and conjectured
to be merely the delusions of a maniac."
He teased a coal out of the grate and lit his pipe with it.
"To begin, then, with the missing corpse." He puffed the
pipe until its glow matched that of the fire behind him. "Or,
perhaps better," he said, "I should begin with the London
cannonade." He raised a finger at my imminent objection. "I
have promised to tell all, Watson, and I shall. Pray let me go
about it in my own way.
"My brother Mycroft," he continued, "made a most
interesting comment when I discussed the matter of the
cannonade with him. He mentioned that when a highly
powered cannon is fired, an observer at the front lines
ahead of the artillery and distant from the firing will hear a
very distinct report at the instant the shell passes. This is
the crack of displaced air. This report comes considerably
in advance of the actual sound of the cannon firing. If our
ears were but sensitive enough to hear it, he informed me,
this report would be heard as two distinct waves, one of the

air compressed by the shell, and another of the air rushing
inward to fill the vacuum left behind it. An aeroship which
traversed faster than the velocity of sound would produce a
like crack, and, if it were large enough, the two waves
would be heard as distinct reports.
"My brother discussed this only as an abstract but
interesting fact, but I know him well enough to understand
the meaning behind his words.
"Taking this as a provisional theory, then, and judging
by the fact that observers noted the timing between the two
reports was briefer in the north than in the south of London,
we find that the hypothetical aeroship must have been
slowing down as it traveled south."
"But Holmes," I said, my mind in total consternation,
"an aeroship? And one which moves faster than an artillery
shell? No nation on God's Earth could make such a thing,
not to mention the impossibility of keeping it secret."
"Precisely," said Holmes. He took another puff from
his pipe. "This brings us to the case of the missing corpse. I
had been looking for a reason to investigate south of
London, and the case presented by the two farm-hands
was quite fortuitous in that respect.
"You know my method, Watson. It was unfortunate that
the men in the original searching party had in many places
quite trampled the tracks that I needed, but in the few
places where they could be clearly distinguished, the tracks
told a most puzzling story. Some animals had circled the

hayrick, leaving tracks like nothing I had ever seen. I could
make nothing of the footprints, save that one side was
dragging slightly, as if one of the animals were limping.
From the depth of the impressions they must have been the
size of small dogs. What was most peculiar about the set of
tracks was that the animals seemed to march in precision
step. The strange thought occurred to me then, that the
tracks of a single animal with eight or more legs might
leave exactly such impressions. The steps led to the place
where the dying man had lain, and circled about. Of
outgoing tracks, there were only those of the men who had
tended him and those of the searchers.
"I attempted to follow the tracks backward, but could
follow back no more than a mile to where they emerged
from a sheep meadow and were obliterated by the
hoofprints of innumerable sheep. All that I could determine
from this was that the animals had been severely panicked
at some time in the last few days, running over and around
each other and back and forth across the field.
"I turned my attention back to the impressions made by
the dying man, and the tracks of the men away from the
spot. I inspected the tracks of the unusual animal further.
They were extremely strange, and in some ways rather
insect-like. The animal's tracks overlaid two of the other
tracks, which I knew to be those of the men who had
summoned me. Over these tracks, however, were those of
a third man.

"I quickly determined these tracks to be those of the
dying man himself. After the other two men had left, he had
risen up and walked away, apparently carrying the strange
animal with him."
"My God, Holmes," I interjected. The revolver lay
forgotten in my pocket. "You can't be serious. Are you
suggesting some sort of voodoo?"
Holmes smiled. "No, Watson, I am afraid that it was
something far more serious than mere superstition.
"The man had crawled on all fours for a few feet, then
stood up and walked in a staggering, unbalanced stride.
After a few unsteady moments, however, he found his feet
and began to walk quickly and purposefully in a straight
line. Soon he came to a hard-packed road, where his
traces were obliterated by the traffic and I could track his
movements no further. His aim, though was quite clearly
toward London, and this I took to be his goal."
Listening to his narrative I had completely forgotten the
events of the previous night, the slain streetwalkers, and my
suspicion of Holmes.
"At this point," Holmes continued, "I knew that I needed
to consult an expert. Mr. Wells, of whom I spoke earlier,
was that expert, and I could not have asked for a better
source. We discussed the possibility of life on other worlds.
Mr. Wells offered the opinion that, since there are millions
upon millions of suns very much like our own Sun in the sky,
that certainly there must be other intelligences, and other

civilisations, some of which must be as far beyond ours as
our English civilisation is beyond that of the African
savage."
"Then you take this strange aeroship to be a vehicle
from another world?" I asked. While I had heard such ideas
discussed in popular lectures on astronomy, I had,
heretofore, always dismissed these as purest fancy.
"A provisional hypothesis, to be confirmed or forgotten
as further data became available. I went on to ask Mr. Wells
whether such citizens of other worlds might be human in
shape and thought. At this suggestion he was most frankly
contemptuous. Such beings would have no more reason to
be shaped in our form, he said, than we in that of an
octopus or an ant. Likewise they might take no more notice
of our civilisation and our morality than we take of the
endeavors and ethics of an ant hill.
"This I had already surmised. I turned the talk to
biology, and without tipping my hand, managed to steer the
conversation to the unusual life-cycles of other species.
One in particular he mentioned struck my attention, the lifecycle of the ichneumon, or solitary wasp."
"Really, Holmes. Wasps? I do believe that you are
toying with me."
"I wish that I were, my dear doctor. Pray listen; all of
this is germane to the subject at hand. The ichneumon
wasp has a rather gruesome life-cycle. When the female
wasp is ready to lay eggs, it finds and stings a cicada,

often one much larger than itself, and then deposits its egg
inside the body of the paralyzed but still living insect. This
insect then serves as sustenance for the hatching larva,
which forms its home within the living insect, having the
instinct to avoid eating the essential organs until the very
last, when it is ready to exit into the world to lay eggs of its
own.
"This was enough for me to frame my provisional
hypothesis. I believed that some strange being from the
aeroship had not merely met the fatally injured man, but
crawled inside his body and taken control of his gross
physical function.
"I was struck by one fact. Of all the people that this . . .
alien . . . might have met, it was a dying man who he—it—
actually chose. Clearly, then, the . . . thing . . . believed itself
unable to subdue an uninjured person."
"I must confess, Holmes, if I were asked to prove your
sanity, this story would hardly bolster your case."
"Ah, Watson, always the practical man. Permit me."
He got out of the leather chair, crossed the room to where
he had put down the leather satchel, and laid it on the table
in front of me.
I sat paralyzed. "I dare not, Holmes."
"Your courage has never failed you before, my friend."
With a shudder I touched the satchel, and then,
steeling myself, opened it. Inside was some object covered
in streaks of gore. I didn't want to look, but knew that I must.

The two eggs inside were of a translucent purplish
white, large as a moderate-sized mango, and slick with a
film of blood. Within each one a monstrous coiled shape
could be discerned. No Earthly animal ever laid such an
egg, of this I was sure. More horrible than the eggs was the
other thing. I shuddered and looked away. It was something
like a giant prawn, and something like some jungle
millipede, with dozens of long barbed feelers and multiplyjointed appendages bristling with hooks and spines. Its
head, or what passed for a head, had been nearly severed
with a knife, and the wound exuded a transparent fluid
rather like whale-oil, with a sharp and unpleasant odor
similar to kerosene. Instead of a mouth, it had a sucking
orifice rimmed with myriad tiny hooked teeth.
"This is what I removed from her body," Holmes said.
I looked up at him. "My God," I whispered. "And she
was not dead?"
"You asked that question before. It is a question of
definitions, Watson. All that was left alive in her body was
the thing that you see. By removing it, did I kill her?"
I shuddered again, and slammed the satchel shut with
my eyes averted. "No." I stood for a moment, trying to
regain my composure. "But why Whitechapel?"
"What you saw was a juvenile," said Holmes. "The
adult would be much larger. I would not know if it is
intelligent, or what we call intelligent, but it is at least very
clever. Why Whitechapel? Think, Watson. It had eggs and

juveniles it must deposit into a living body. But how is it to
approach a complete stranger, embrace him—or her—
closely enough to? Ah, you see the picture. It was the
perfect place for the thing, Watson; the only place where it
could do what it needed.
"I studied the East End in minute detail, tracing the
path of the mysterious stranger. Again and again I was too
late, sometimes only by minutes. I removed the juveniles
from the corpses out of necessity. I say corpses, Watson,
for although they still walked upright they were already
dead. Had I not killed them, they would have gone to cover
until they were mature. I could find the one, I knew, only by
concentrating on the one trail. Even then it would be a near
thing. Two of them, and I were lost."
"Why didn't you go to the police?"
"And tell them what? To start a man-hunt for a thing
they can only find by ripping open bodies?"
"But the letters? The ones from 'Jack the Ripper'—did
you write these?"
Holmes laughed. "Why should I need to?" he said.
"Fakes, forgeries, and cranks, every one. Even I am
continuously amazed at how many odd people there are in
London. I daresay they came from newspapers hungry to
manufacture news, or from pranksters eager at a chance to
make fools of Scotland Yard."
"But, what do we do?"
"We, Watson?" Holmes raised an eyebrow.

"Surely you wouldn't think that, now that I know the
danger, I would let you continue alone."
"Ah, my good Watson, I would be lost without you.
Well, I am hot on its trail. It cannot elude me much longer.
We must find it and kill it, Watson. Before it kills again."
By the next morning the whole episode seemed a
nightmare, too fantastical to credit. I wondered how I could
have believed it. And yet, I had seen it—or had I? Could I
have deluded myself into seeing what Holmes had wanted
me to see?
No. It was real. I could not afford to doubt my own
sanity, and hence I must believe in Holmes'.
In the next few days Holmes went back to his daytime
reconnaissance of the East End, mapping the way
buildings abutted and how doorways aligned with alleys,
like a general planning his campaign, stopping for
conversation with workmen and constables alike.
On the third day, my business in town kept me late into
the evening. At the end of it, it was almost certain that I had
purchased a practice, and at a price which I could afford,
but the sealing of the deal required an obligatory toast, and
then there were more papers to be inspected and signed,
so that all in all, it was well past ten in the evening when I
returned to Baker Street.
Of Holmes there was only a note: "I have gone to see
the matter to its conclusion. It is better that you are out of it,

and I shall think no less of you if you stay. But if you must
follow, then look for me near the blind court at Thrawl
Street." I read it and swore. He seemed determined to
leave me out of this adventure, no matter how dangerous it
was for him alone. I snatched my greatcoat and hat from the
hall stand, fetched my revolver out from the drawer where it
resided, and went out into the night.
It was the night of the great carboniferous fog. The
gas-lights were pale yellow glimmers that barely pierced
the roiling brown stink. The cab I hailed almost ran me
down before seeing me in the street in front of him.
The fog in Whitechapel was even thicker and yellower
than that of Baker Street. The cab left me off in front of the
Queen's Head pub, the cabbie warning me of the danger of
the neighborhood. The blind court was one which was
being resurfaced by the MacAdam method, in which the
street was covered with liquid tar, and a layer of gravel
rolled into the tar surface. The process results in a surface
which is even and far easier to repair than cobblestone. I
can see the day when all of London will have such smooth,
quiet streets.
Earlier Holmes had talked with some of the workmen
as they rolled the gravel. Now they were long gone. The
half-full cauldron of tar was still at the corner of the alley.
Although the oil-pot which heated it to boiling had been
removed, the cooling drum of tar still gave out quite a bit of
heat.

Three unfortunate women had lit a small fire out of
wood-scraps and huddled between the warm cauldron and
their fire, with their hands toward the tiny fire and their
backs against the cauldron for warmth. The glow of the fire
gave a luminous orange cast to the surrounding fog. A tiny
pile of additional wood scraps stood waiting to keep the
fire going for the rest of the night.
Holmes was nowhere in sight.
The women spotted me looking at them, and
whispered amongst themselves. One came up to me and
attempted a smile. "Care to spend some money and buy a
poor unfortunate a drink, dearie?" She tossed her head
toward the end of the street where the pub was invisible in
the fog, and at the same time flicked her skirt in such a way
as to allow me a clear view of her bare ankle.
I averted my eyes. "I'm looking for a friend."
"I could be a friend, if you wanted me to."
"No. I don't need . . . that sort of comfort."
"Oh, sure you do, dearie." She giggled. "All men do.
'Sides, I h'aint even got money for me doss. Surely a fine
gent like yourself has a shilling to spend on a poor lady
down on 'er luck, hasn't he? Sure 'e does."
I looked at her more closely, and she preened for my
inspection. She might have been a rather pretty woman,
striking if not actually beautiful, if she had been given the
chance. Instead I saw the lines on her face, the threadbare
bonnet she wore, and the unmistakable signs of the early

stages of consumption. Such a woman should be resting in
bed, not out standing in the chill of a night such as this. I
was about to speak to her, to invite her into the public
house for the drink she requested, for no other reason than
to get her out of the chill and away, perhaps, from the
monster that stalked the fog-shrouded night. I could wait for
Holmes as well in the pub as in the street.
As I was about to speak, I heard a man approach from
the blind end of the court, although I had seen no one there
previously. I started to call out, thinking it must be Holmes,
but then saw that, while the man was quite as tall as
Holmes, he was much bulkier, with a considerable paunch
and ill-fitting clothes. As he passed, another of the women
smiled at him and called a greeting. He nodded at her. As
she put out her arm for him to take, he dropped his hand to
the buttons of his trousers. I looked away in disgust, and as
I did so the woman who had spoken to me slipped her arm
around mine.
I had lost track of the third woman, and was as
surprised as the others when her voice rang out from
behind. "Stop, fiend!"
The voice was calm and authoritative. I looked up. The
woman was holding a revolver—Holmes' hair-trigger
revolver—in an unwavering grip aimed at the man's head. I
looked closely at her face and saw, beneath the makeup,
the thin, hawk-like nose and the unmistakable intense gaze
of Sherlock Holmes.

The other man swiveled with surprising speed and
sprang at Holmes. I pulled my hand loose from my lady
companion and in an instant snatched my revolver free of
my pocket and fired. Our two shots rang out at almost the
same instant, and the man staggered and fell back. The
two bullets had both hit above the left eye, and taken away
the left half of the cranium.
The women screamed.
The man, with half his head missing, reached out a
hand and pulled himself to his feet. He came at Holmes
again.
I fired. This time my bullet removed what was left of his
head. His jutting windpipe sucked at the air with a low
sputtering hiss, and in the gaping neck I thought I saw
purplish-white tendrils feeling about. The shot slowed him
down for no more than an instant.
Holmes' shot took him in the middle of the chest. I saw
the crimson spot appear and saw him rock from the impact,
but it seemed to have no other effect.
We both fired together, this time lower, aiming for the
horror hidden somewhere within the body. The two shots
spun the headless thing around. He careened against the
cauldron of tar, slipped, and fell down, knocking the
cauldron over.
In an instant Holmes was upon him.
"Holmes, no!"
For a moment Holmes had the advantage. He pushed

the monster forward, into the spreading pool of tar,
struggling for a hold. Then the monster rose, dripping tar,
and threw Holmes off his back with no more concern than a
horse tossing a wayward circus monkey. The monster
turned for him.
Holmes reached behind him and grabbed a brand out
of the fire. As the monster grabbed him he thrust it forward,
into the thing's chest.
The tar ignited with an awful whoosh. The thing clawed
at its chest with both hands. Holmes grabbed the cauldron,
and with one mighty heave poured the remainder of the tar
onto the gaping wound where its head had once been.
Holmes drew back as the flames licked skyward. The
thing reeled and staggered in a horrible parody of
drunkenness. As the clothes burned away, we could see
that where a man's generative organs would have been
was a pulsing, wickedly barbed ovipositor with a knifesharp end writhing blindly in the flames. As we watched it
bulged and contracted, and an egg, slick and purple, oozed
forth.
The monster tottered, fell over on its back, and then,
slowly, the abdomen split open.
"Quickly, Watson! Here!"
Holmes shoved one of the pieces of firewood into my
hands, and took another himself. We stationed ourselves at
either side of the body.
The horrors which emerged were somewhat like

enormous lobsters, or some vermin even more loathsome
and articulated. We bludgeoned them as they emerged
from the burning body, trying as we could to avoid the oily
slime of them from splattering onto our clothes, trying to
avoid breathing the awful stench that arose from the
smoking carcass. They were tenacious in the extreme, and
I think that only the disorientation of the fire and the
suddenness of our attack saved our lives. In the end six of
the monstrosities crawled out of the body, and six of the
monstrosities we killed.
There was nothing remotely human left in the empty
shell that had once been a man. Holmes pulled away his
skirts and petticoat to feed the fire. The greasy blood of the
monstrosities burned with a clear, hot flame, until all that
remained were smoldering rags with a few pieces of
unidentifiable meat and charred scraps of bone.
It seemed impossible that our shots and the sounds of
our struggle had not brought a hundred citizens with
constables out to see what had happened, but the narrow
streets so distorted the sounds that it was impossible to tell
where they had originated, and the thick blanket of fog
muffled everything as well as hiding us from curious eyes.
Holmes and I left the two daughters of joy with what
money we had, save for the price of a ride back to Baker
Street. This we did, not with an eye toward their silence, as
we knew that they would never go to the police with their
story, but in the hopes—perhaps foolish—that they might

have a respite from their hard trade and a warm roof over
their heads during the damp and chill months of winter.
It has been two months now, and the Whitechapel
killings have not resumed. Holmes is, as always, calm and
unflappable, but I find myself unable to look at a wasp now
without having a feeling of horror steal across me.
There are as many questions unanswered as
answered. Holmes has offered the opinion that the landing
was unintentional, a result of some unimaginable accident
in the depths of space, and not the vanguard of some
impending colonization. He bases this conclusion on the
fact of the ill-preparedness and hasty improvisation of the
being, relying on luck and circumstance rather than
planning.
I think that the answers to most of our questions will
never be known, but I believe that we have succeeded in
stopping the horrors, this time. I can only hope that this was
an isolated ship, blown off-course and stranded far from the
expected shores in some unexpected tempest of infinite
space. I look at the stars now, and shudder. What else
might be out there, waiting for us?

The Affair of the 46th
Birthday
by Amy Myers
Amy Myers is the author of several crime novels, such
as Tom Wasp and the Murdered Stunner and Murder
in the Mist, and the story collection Murder, 'Orrible
Murder! In addition to her crime fiction, she has also
published several historical novels under the name
Harriet Hudson. Myers's short fiction has recently
appeared in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine, Alfred
Hitchcock Mystery Magazine, and The Mammoth
Book of Dickensian Whodunnits. This story first
appeared in the same venue as many of the original
Holmes stories—The Strand Magazine—which is still
publishing, albeit in substantially different form and
after a fifty-year hiatus.
Our next story is called "The Affair of the 46th
Birthday," so you're probably imagining that this is
going to be a tale of celebration and joy. After all, who
doesn't like birthdays? You get together with loved
ones and sing songs, receive gifts, and eat cake. Well,

okay, maybe it's not true that everyone loves birthdays.
Little children do, for sure, at that age when each
successive birthday means you get a little bit taller and
a little bit stronger, and get taken a little more
seriously. Teenagers and college students are also
known to be fond of birthdays, when you can look
forward to more rights and freedoms. But after that
birthdays quickly lose their luster, and by the time
you're forty-five, most people would probably prefer for
their next birthday to remain forever on the horizon. If
you're someone who's not looking forward to your next
birthday, this story may help put things in perspective.
They say that getting old is better than the alternative.
This is a story about some highly motivated people
who would very much like to see our birthday boy
experience the alternative. You may be dreading your
next birthday, but probably not like this.
It is only recently, with the shocking news of the
assassination of the King of Italy, that my good friend
Sherlock Holmes has at last permitted me to recount the full
story of the late King Humbert's visit to Chartham Beeches
on the occasion of his forty-sixth birthday on 14 March
1891. It is not too much to claim that without Holmes'
intervention the friendship of one of our closest allies in
Europe might have been lost at a most critical time. Even
now, ten years later, with the death of our own Queen so

recent, who can tell what troubled waters might lie ahead?
It began, as did so many of our cases, in our old rooms
at Baker Street. My wife was away, and I was enjoying a
cosy breakfast with Holmes, when the door opened. Behind
Mrs Hudson came two gentlemen in a high state of
perturbation, the first elderly, clad in formal frock coat and
top hat; the second similarly clad, but younger and with a
most splendid moustache. I recognised the former
immediately: it was Lord Holdhurst, the Foreign Minister in
the current administration.
"Lord Holdhurst," Holmes greeted the minister. "We
are honoured by your presence—and that of, if I mistake
not, His Excellency the ambassador for Italy. The matter
must be urgent indeed, as you have arrived together on a
Saturday morning. Pray be seated."
"It is indeed His Excellency, Count Panelli," Lord
Holdhurst introduced his companion.
"You must pardon us, if you please, Signor Holmes,"
the ambassador said in a most agitated manner, "for this
early and unannounced visit, but haste is indeed essential."
Lord Holdhurst gave a questioning glance in my
direction.
"You may speak freely before Dr Watson," Holmes
assured him. He remained standing, a sign that his great
mind was eager for employment. "How may I help you
both?"
"You will no doubt have heard that King Humbert of

Italy is in London," Lord Holdhurst said. "Today he
celebrates his forty-sixth birthday, and is to honour me with
his company at a banquet in his honour to be held at my
country residence of Chartham Beeches in Surrey."
The count seemed close to tears in his agitation. "But
something most terrible has occurred."
"This morning I received this, Mr Holmes." Lord
Holdhurst handed my friend a letter, which Holmes quickly
read, then waved it in my direction: "It is in Italian, Watson,
but its message is stark. Blood has been spilled, blood will

be seen again today. Viva Sicilia."
"You take this seriously, Lord Holdhurst?" he asked. "It
is poorly written, on paper purchased from a common
store. You must receive many such threats."
"I do, but I cannot afford to ignore it. King Humbert of
Savoy, now King of Italy, is always fearful that he might be
assassinated. There has, as you must know, been more
than one attempt in the past. You must also be aware, Mr
Holmes, that not all the former Italian kingdoms relished
becoming part of a united Italy. Some of their citizens are
still opposed to the rule of the House of Savoy and will stop
at nothing to regain what they see as their freedom. It is,
however, vital for England that Italy remains united."
"Indeed." Holmes frowned. "I do not yet see a need for
my services, however. Those of Scotland Yard and the local
police should surely be sufficient to protect His Majesty."
"On the contrary, your presence is essential," Lord

Holdhurst declared. "At tonight's banquet the emissaries of
certain countries will be present."
"Come, Lord Holdhurst, if time is of the essence, I
must deal in facts," Holmes said, his impatience scarcely
contained. "You no doubt refer to Germany and AustroHungary, Italy's partners in the Triple Alliance, to which
Britain is not a signatory. The Alliance guarantees mutual
support in the event of instability threatened by France or by
the Balkans, although not I believe by Russia."
Lord Holdhurst looked grave. "That is correct, Mr
Holmes. It is not generally known, however, that there was
another alliance formed shortly afterwards between
ourselves and Italy alone with the object of ensuring stability
in the Mediterranean. Italy was, and is, anxious to preserve
good relations with England, and would not wish to support
aggression against us. Our prime minister is therefore
determined that this alliance should remain in force.
However unless we act speedily it will be severely strained,
and perhaps broken forever, a situation in which France
would no doubt rejoice."
I saw Holmes' eyes flicker at this statement, engaged
as he was in tasks for the French government that winter. "I
believe it is Russia, not France, from which any threat
would come."
Lord Holdhurst hesitated, but then spoke freely. "You
are correct, Mr Holmes. Unfortunately my neighbour Count
Litvov, who has close political connections with the Tsar,

will be present at the banquet, which makes it imperative
that nothing should mar the occasion. Count Panelli and
myself, however, believe that behind this threat lies the
hand of Giuseppe Rupallo, an anarchist whom we know to
be currently in London."
"His Majesty," moaned the count, "is a most
superstitious gentleman. He sees his birthday as being of
the highest symbolic importance. If an attempt were made
on his life today, it would shake his faith in England as an
ally."
"King Humbert is a man of the arts, Mr Holmes," Lord
Holdhurst explained. "He sees himself as the figurehead of
a new Renaissance now that Italy is united. We are
therefore presenting the banquet on this theme. The walls
of the dining room are hung with Renaissance paintings for
the occasion, Her Majesty's gift to His Majesty is an antique
fifteenth-century ring and the Prime Minister's an early copy
of Shakespeare's sonnets. The menu too consists of
delicacies dating from the Renaissance period. Nothing
must mar this important occasion. Scotland Yard's
Inspector Lestrade is already present with his men, and
knows where Rupallo might be found, but the man is too
cunning to do the deed himself. Your presence is essential
if we are to prevent this anarchist's plan from being put into
effect."
"Ah yes." Holmes waved the letter impatiently. "But this
threat is surely too crude, too imprecise."

"You believe it the work of a prankster?" the count
asked eagerly.
"I fear not. There will most certainly be an attempt to
assassinate the King. However, the most interesting fact
about this letter is surely obvious."
"Its author," Count Panelli cried. "There is no doubt it is
Giuseppe Rupallo."
"Not who, but why. Why send such a warning, when
surprise must surely be of the essence? Are they searching
the house?"
"They are. Most guests arrive this afternoon, but His
Majesty comes at eleven o'clock for official talks. My
carriage awaits, Mr Holmes." Lord Holdhurst rose to his
feet. "Pray let us leave immediately for Surrey."
Although I immediately hurried to seize my revolver, my
friend did not move.
"Holmes," I said anxiously, "you must surely take the
case?"
I was much relieved when Holmes joined us at the
door, albeit I heard a murmured: "But which case?"
"One, Mr Holmes," said Lord Holdhurst stiffly, "that
might have serious bearing on the future of this country."
Although spring had not yet clad the trees with leaves,
the gardens made the entrance to Chartham Beeches an
impressive one, although my mind was distracted by the
strange nature of the task set for Holmes and myself. I knew

the house to be a noble and imposing one, built over a
century earlier, and its mellow stone and classical
proportions would make a suitably majestic setting for the
banquet it was to host. As we passed the lodge, however, I
could see alarm in Lord Holdhurst's expression. The gates
were open, but there was no sign of the lodgekeeper,
although it lacked only a few minutes to eleven o'clock.
"Where is Phelps?" he cried. "And a policeman was to
be on duty." He made as if to stop the carriage, but Holmes
prevented him.
"Not a moment is to be lost," he shouted. "Drive on,
coachman, and pray God we are not too late."
Count Panelli was weeping with tension now, and Lord
Holdhurst, whilst naturally not displaying his fear so openly,
was white of face.
"One question," Holmes said quickly to him, as the
carriage thundered towards the forecourt of the house. "I
take it Count Litvov dwells at the large white residence I can
see in the distance?"
"He does, and I could wish it were otherwise. He has
not long moved to Briar Grange."
Holmes looked grave. "Nevertheless it is Rupallo
whom you fear is behind this threat?"
"It is, although Litvov would rejoice were it to succeed."
"Who knows your plans for this banquet?"
"Count Panelli, naturally. My secretary, Mr Michael
Anthony, who has organised the banquet itself, the gifts and

decorations for this evening, and His Majesty's own
secretary, Signor Carlo Mandesi, with whom Mr Anthony
liaises and who conveys His Majesty's wishes over the
guests."
We fell silent when the house came into sight as we
turned the last bend in the drive. Already we could hear the
noise of alarm, and then as our carriage came to a halt, the
sight of what seemed every policeman in Surrey and
Scotland Yard met our eyes. As we had all feared, they
were clustered around an impressive carriage.
"His Majesty," cried the count in despair. "What has
happened?"
Lord Holdhurst's face was ashen for it was obvious
that something was gravely amiss. Holmes leapt down from
our carriage, and I after him. I could hear his lordship
behind us crying, "Impossible. This is not possible."
Holmes and I hurried to the royal carriage and the
group milling around it with cries of alarm. I could see
Lestrade there briefly, but all was confusion and no wonder
at that. The door of the royal carriage was open and the
step in place, but a terrible sight met our eyes.
A body lay half in the carriage, and half tumbling over
the step. His Majesty's face was hidden from us, but the
blood was not. It was still dripping to the ground, soaking
his coat, and I could see it splattered over the interior. I
noted that afterwards of course, for my first duty—and
Lestrade did not stop me—was to see whether life

remained in the body before me. As I knelt at its side, I
heard Sherlock Holmes say to Lestrade:
"This is a perplexing business, is it not, Lestrade?"
"A terrible one, but quickly solved," was the reply. "It is
the work of the Sicilian anarchist, Giuseppe Rupallo. My
task is to return to London, where he has undoubtedly fled
after his foul murder of His Majesty. The driver was his
accomplice, and must have escaped as we gathered round
the carriage."
I lifted the body down to the ground. As I turned it I
realised with a heavy heart that there was no sign of life.
Then I heard a sharp intake of breath at my side.
"Thank heaven. It is not His Majesty," Lord Holdhurst
said to my astonishment. "For a moment I feared our plan
had failed—"
"Plan?" Holmes picked up sharply. "What is this,
Lestrade?"
"I must apologise," Lord Holdhurst said hurried, before
Lestrade could answer. "It did not seem necessary to
explain earlier. This is indeed the royal carriage, but this is
not His Majesty. He is due to arrive in a plain carriage
through another gate to the rear of the grounds."
"Then who," Holmes asked, "is this unfortunate
gentleman at our feet?"
"It is His Majesty's secretary, Carlo Mandesi."
"Indeed. A plan, Lord Holdhurst, Count Panelli, that
seems to have paid little regard for the safety of a mere

secretary."
The count's dark eyes flashed. "It is for the honour of
Italy."
"No doubt. Had you consulted me earlier, that honour
could have been maintained without the waste of Signor
Mandesi's life."
"His Majesty had sworn us to secrecy," Inspector
Lestrade explained. "Forgive me, Mr Holmes, but Signor
Mandesi was eager to play his part. We had the best
advice."
"Obviously not," Holmes said grimly, "and Mr
Mandesi's family would no doubt agree with me. Whoever
is behind this outrage has clearly made his point. Blood
has indeed been seen. However, forgive me, Lord
Holdhurst, but would it not be expedient to ensure that His
Majesty has indeed arrived safely in your home?"
His lordship's face paled. "But the assassination
attempt has failed."
At that moment a young man came running from the
house, seeking Lord Holdhurst, and with a look of relief on
his face. "His Majesty has arrived, sir," he said. It was only
then that he saw the terrible and bloody fate of the
secretary.
"Thank you, Mr Anthony," Lord Holdhurst said.
"Dreadful though this is, the danger is past for His Majesty."
"For the moment," Holmes commented drily.
"The two assassins have made their escape,"

Lestrade said with great confidence. "They will not return
today with so many of my men here. It is clear, Mr Holmes,
that the assassins must have overpowered the
lodgekeeper and policeman, and waited for the carriage to
draw up. One dragged the driver off his seat and took his
place at the reins, the other jumped inside, performed his
terrible deed and no doubt covered in blood escaped to the
woodlands. It therefore remains for me to return to London
to arrest Giuseppe Rupallo. You will accompany me, Mr
Holmes?"
"I think not," my friend replied. "I was engaged, was I
not, to ensure His Majesty's survival on his forty-sixth
birthday?"
"That is true." Lord Holdhurst looked puzzled.
"That birthday is not yet over."
Lestrade laughed. "My men will ensure no one enters
the house without thorough checking."
"But what of the threat from within, Lestrade?"
"My own servants are above suspicion," Lord
Holdhurst said frostily. "There will be no others here save
the personal valets and lady's maids of the guests who will
be staying until tomorrow."
Holmes turned to me. "Watson, a task for you, I think.
Might I rely on you to remove any assassins from their
number?"
"Willingly, Holmes, but what shall you do?"
"Remain here. I have another task to perform. I shall

think. And, Lestrade, if you would be so good, I have a
question for you when you return to the Yard. A telegraph in
reply would suffice."
To have his mind on other matters when His Majesty,
in Holmes' own view, was still at risk, seemed extraordinary
to me, but I knew better than to voice my doubts.
I have seldom spent such a frustrating afternoon. After
the body of Carlo Mandesi had been removed to the police
mortuary, I watched the guests arrive, and was ready to talk
to their servants. A difficult task, for all my willingness to
assist Holmes. What was I to say? What did my friend wish
me to look for? He himself had vanished. Fortunately Mr
Anthony assisted me since he could speak Italian well and
many of these visiting servants would be Italian. I decided I
should enquire as to Sicilian ancestry. As Giuseppe
Rupallo had sent the threatening letter, I reasoned that the
Sicilian connection was the more likely than the Russian,
although Litvov would undoubtedly take pleasure in
dissension between Italy and England.
Nevertheless I agreed with Mr Anthony that the warning
had said "blood will be seen"; this had happened, and the
assassins could not now return. Even with his help,
however, it was a daunting task to interrogate over twenty
people, and it was not until shortly before the banquet that
we finished and Holmes had rejoined us. He was most
complimentary about the task I had fulfilled.

"Excellent, Watson," he said after listening to my
account attentively. "I now have little doubt where the root of
this problem lies. Mr Anthony, show me, if you will, the
banqueting room which you have designed so exquisitely."
"By all means, Mr Holmes."
He felt as I did that this was unnecessary, but
nevertheless he led us to the room which was indeed fit for
a king, and a Renaissance king at that. Mr Anthony proudly
identified the paintings, a Lavinia Fontana portrait, a
portrait of Lorenzo de' Medici, a Giotto, and a Ghirlandaio.
A copy of the first printing of Shakespeare's sonnets also
lay on the table of gifts, together with the ring, the gift of Her
Majesty. This was a beautiful object of carved gold, with a
large emerald in its centre. As for the table, it was a
pleasure to regard, being lit by chandeliers of candles to
supplement the low gas mantels at the sides of the room.
The candles would grace the ladies' complexions, and
invite an intimacy of conversation that bright lights cannot
achieve.
Holmes surveyed it all with little apparent reaction.
"Blood will be seen," he murmured, when I asked his
opinion of the scene before us. "Pray, Mr Anthony, what
time is the banquet to begin?"
"In two hours, at eight o'clock," was the secretary's
reply.
"It will be dark then. The candles will be lit?"
"They will," Mr Anthony replied somewhat haughtily,

"but you need not fear that darkness will permit intruders to
enter."
"It might obscure their identities," I suggested.
"So it might, Watson," Holmes replied, but I did not feel
he was convinced.
"Do you expect another assassin, Holmes?" Lord
Holdhurst had come to join us.
"No human intruder. I am sure of that."
"Great heavens! Not human, Holmes?" I asked in
horror. Did he fear some vile creature as in the case of
"The Speckled Band"?
The time passed quickly, and I sensed that Lord
Holdhurst wished to leave us, but Holmes would not permit
it.
"Stay, Lord Holdhurst, if you wish His Majesty to
survive the evening."
His eyes roved round the banqueting room, and he
insisted we all four remain here at the entrance to the
banqueting room.
"The answer lies here somewhere, Watson," he said
privately to me. "Somewhere." His gaze fell on one of the
portraits. "The Medicis," he said softly. "The great Lorenzo.
I begin to see. I have been a fool, Watson. A fool."
"It is a fine portrait," I said, puzzled as to his meaning.
"Ah, but it speaks of more than paint, my friend."

"Of what then?"
"Of murder. Do you not agree, Mr Anthony?"
The young man looked taken aback. "Not the Medicis,
Mr Holmes. The Borgias are famed for murder."
"The Medicis too. It was not their love of the arts that
kept them alive to enjoy their power."
Lord Holdhurst was impatient. "History can surely wait,
Mr Holmes."
"I fear you are wrong," Holmes replied.
His lordship looked irritated. "The evening has been
planned carefully with His Majesty's safety in mind."
"And with his murder," Holmes said gravely.
"But where lies the danger?" his lordship cried.
"Here!"
Holmes whirled round and seized the antique ring from
its box. "Mr Anthony," he cried, "you chose this ring, did you
not? Put it on your finger, if you please."
Reluctantly, obviously thinking he must humour
Holmes, he obeyed, drawing it on slowly.
"Now, Mr Anthony, I will shake your hand." Holmes
advanced to him with his own outstretched.
The young man drew back, white-faced, drawing the
ring off his finger. "You shall not." He backed hastily, turned
and fled along the corridor.
"Watson, tell the guards to hold him," Holmes shouted.
I obeyed instantly, and it was the work of a minute or

two before Anthony was held securely by two constables.
When I returned, I saw Count Panelli had joined the
astonished and annoyed Lord Holdhurst.
"Kindly inform me of what my secretary stands
accused, Mr Holmes," he said icily.
"That ring—Count Panelli, I really would not risk your
life by examining it too closely."
It was hastily replaced in its box by the nervous count.
"The Medicis," Holmes explained, "required protection
against their enemies. They needed to kill by stealth
however, and the gift of a ring to an enemy whom they
wished to die a particularly unpleasant death by poison was
one such method. The ring slides on to the finger, but if the
wearer's hand is clasped and pressure applied in one
particular spot, a needle shoots out that will kill instantly. I
think you will find that this is such a ring."
"My secretary betrayed me?" Lord Holdhurst sat down,
looking his full age for the first time. "He wished to
assassinate the King? I cannot believe this."
"Lestrade's telegraph confirmed my suspicions. Mr
Anthony speaks fluent Italian, the result of his having an
Italian—or as he would say a Sicilian—mother. She is the
sister of Giuseppe Rupallo, but before becoming your
secretary Mr Anthony worked in Paris for Count Litvov. I
think you will find he is behind this whole plan, no doubt with
Rupallo's full support. For once Russian interests coincided
with the Italian anarchists, the latter to throw Italian unity into

civil warfare, the former to cause a rift between Italy and
England."
"I understand now about Anthony and Rupallo, but how
can you know that Litvov was involved?" Lord Holdhurst
asked.
Holmes smiled. "The ring. The stone has been
replaced. It is alexandrite, the stone precious to Russia
alone and the Tsar in particular, and a gem that was only
discovered earlier this century. It was Litvov's arrogant
signature to the crime."
"And yet it betrayed him."
"How?" I asked, bewildered.
"By day alexandrite is green. By candlelight however it
appears red. Blood red. 'Blood will be seen again today.'
The death of poor Mandesi was to make us think that the
assassination attempt had failed, hence the note; but this
ring—that was the symbol of blood."
"My dear Mr Holmes, how can I thank you?" Lord
Holdhurst said. "Litvov would undoubtedly have revealed
the cause of the King's death if this terrible plan had
worked. If Her Majesty's gift were known to have been the
instrument of the murder, I hesitate to think what would have
happened."
"I imagine," said Holmes, "that Her Majesty would not
be pleased."
"But she has no gift to present now," Count Panelli
said anxiously, after adding his thanks to Lord Holdhurst's.

"That will not please her either."
Holmes thought for a moment. "Might I suggest that
you find a length of the purest white silk, upon it place two
green leaves and between them the stone from this ring—
extracted with care of course. Red, green and white, the
colours of the Italian flag, symbol of a united Italy, and most
disquieting for Count Litvov to see a Russian stone
presented to the King as a gift. A most fitting conclusion to
a most appetising banquet of a case."

The Specter of Tullyfane
Abbey
by Peter Tremayne
Peter Tremayne is the pseudonym of Celtic scholar
and historian Peter Berresford Ellis. As Tremayne, he
has published many novels, including the more than
two dozen in his Sister Fidelma series of seventhcentury historical mysteries. Tremayne's short fiction
has appeared in anthologies such as Emerald Magic
a n d Dark Detectives, and has been collected in
several volumes, most recently in An Ensuing Evil and
Others (in which you'll find several other Holmes
stories). His latest books are two Fidelma mysteries,
The Council of the Cursed and The Dove of Death.
Even our closest friends are often an enigma to us,
especially if we first met them as adults. It's often
striking the first time you see someone you know well
interacting with, for example, their parents. Suddenly
so much about why that person behaves the way they
do falls into place. In Conan Doyle's stories, Holmes is
already a fully formed adult by the time Watson meets
him, and very little of Holmes's past is ever revealed.

Many readers have wondered, how does a little boy
grow up to be Sherlock Holmes? What was he like as
a teenager, or at university? The Disney movie Young
Sherlock Holmes dealt with this subject, and the more
engaging early sections of the film were less about
solving mysteries and more about the simple pleasure
of seeing a familiar character in a new light. Our next
tale also deals with a younger version of Sherlock
Holmes, and here we see a character who's very
different from the Holmes we know—less confident in
his deductions, more trusting of strangers—and yet we
see in him hints of the man he will become, driven in
no small part by the events that follow.

Somewhere in the vaults of the bank of Cox and Co.,
at Charing Cross, there is a travel-worn and battered
tin dispatch box with my name, John H. Watson MD,
Late Indian Army, painted on the lid. It is filled with
papers, nearly all of which are records of cases to
illustrate the curious problems which Mr. Sherlock
Holmes had at various times to examine.
—"The Problem of Thor Bridge"
This is one of those papers. I must confess that there
are few occasions on which I have seen my estimable

friend, Sherlock Holmes, the famous consulting detective,
in a state of some agitation. He is usually so detached that
the word c a l m seems unfit to describe his general
demeanor. Yet I had called upon him one evening to learn
his opinion of a manuscript draft account I had made of one
of his cases which I had titled "The Problem of Thor
Bridge."
To my surprise, I found him seated in an attitude of
tension in his armchair, his pipe unlit, his long pale fingers
clutching my handwritten pages, and his brows drawn
together in disapproval. "Confound it, Watson," he greeted
me sharply as I came through the door. "Must you show me
up to public ridicule in this fashion?"
I was, admittedly, somewhat taken aback at his
uncharacteristic greeting. "I rather thought you came well
out of the story," I replied defensively. "After all, you helped
a remarkable woman, as you yourself observed, while, as
for Mr. Gibson, I believe that he did learn an object lesson
—"
He cut me short. "Tush! I do not mean the case of
Grace Dunbar, which, since you refer to it, was not as
glamorous as your imaginative pen elaborates on. No,
Watson, no! It is here"—he waved the papers at me—"here
in your cumbersome preamble. You speak of some of my
unsolved cases as if they were failures. I only mentioned
them to you in passing, and now you tell me, and the
readers of the Strand Magazine, that you have noted them

down and deposited the record in that odious little tin
dispatch box placed in Cox's Bank."
"I did not think that you would have reason to object,
Holmes," I replied with some vexation.
He waved a hand as if dismissing my feelings. "I
object to the manner in which you reveal these cases! I
read here, and I quote . . . " He peered shortsightedly at my
manuscript. "'Some, and not the least interesting, were
complete failures, and as such will hardly bear narrating,
since no final explanation is forthcoming. A problem without
a solution may interest the student, but can hardly fail to
annoy the casual reader. Among these unfinished tales is
that of Mr. James Phillimore, who, stepping back into his
own house to get his umbrella, was never more seen in this
world.' There!" He glanced up angrily.
"But, Holmes, dear fellow, that is precisely the matter
as you told it to me. Where am I in error?"
"The error is making the statement itself. It is
incomplete. It is not set into context. The case of James
Phillimore, whose title was Colonel, incidentally, occurred
when I was a young man. I had just completed my second
term at Oxford. It was the first time I crossed foils, so to
speak, with the man who was to cause me such grief later
in my career . . . Professor Moriarty."
I started at this intelligence, for Holmes was always
unduly reticent about his clashes with James Moriarty, that
sinister figure whom Holmes seemed to hold in both

contempt as a criminal and regard as an intellect.
"I did not know that, Holmes."
"Neither would you have learned further of the matter,
but I find that you have squirreled away a reference to this
singular event in which Moriarty achieved the better of me."
"You were bested by Moriarty?" I was now really
intrigued.
"Don't sound so surprised, Watson," he admonished.
"Even villains can be victorious once in a while." Then
Holmes paused and added quietly, "Especially when such
a villain as Moriarty enlisted the power of darkness in his
nefarious design."
I began to laugh, knowing that Holmes abhorred the
supernatural. I remember his outburst when we received the
letter from Morrison, Morrison, and Dodd which led us into
"The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire." Yet my laughter
died on my lips as I caught sight of the ghastly look that
crossed Holmes's features. He stared into the dancing
flames of the fire as if remembering the occasion.
"I am not in jest, Watson. In this instance, Moriarty
employed the forces of darkness to accomplish his evil
end. Of that there can be no shadow of doubt. It is the only
time that I have failed, utterly and miserably failed, to
prevent a terrible tragedy whose memory will curse me to
the grave."
Holmes sighed deeply and then appeared to have
observed for the first time that his pipe was unlit and

reached for the matches.
"Pour two glasses from that decanter of fine Hennessy
on the table and sit yourself down. Having come thus far in
my confession, I might as well finish the story in case that
imagination of yours decides to embellish the little you do
know."
"I say, Holmes—" I began to protest, but he went on,
ignoring my words.
"I pray you, promise never to reveal this story until my
clay has mingled with the earth from which I am sprung."
If there is a preamble to this story, it is one that I was
already knowledgeable of and which I have already given
some account of in the memoir I entitled "The Affray at the
Kildare Street Club." Holmes was one of the Galway
Holmes. Like his brother, Mycroft, he had attended Trinity
College, Dublin, where he had, in the same year as his
friend Oscar Wilde, won a demyship to continue his studies
at Oxford. I believe the name Sherlock came from his
maternal side, his mother being of another well-established
Anglo-Irish family. Holmes was always reticent about this
background, although the clues to his Irish origins were
obvious to most discerning people. One of his frequent
disguises was to assume the name of Altamont as he
pretended to be an Irish-American. Altamont was his family
seat near Ballysherlock.
Armed with this background knowledge, I settled back
with a glass of Holmes's cognac and listened as he

recounted a most singular and terrifying tale. I append it
exactly as he narrated it to me.
"Having completed my first term at Oxford, I returned to
Dublin to stay with my brother Mycroft at his house in
Merrion Square. Yet I found myself somewhat at a loose
end. There was some panic in the fiscal office of the chief
secretary where Mycroft worked. This caused him to be
unable to spare the time we had set aside for a fishing
expedition. I was therefore persuaded to accompany
Abraham Stoker, who had been at Trinity the same year as
Mycroft, to the Royal to see some theatrical entertainment.
Abraham, or Bram as he preferred to be called, was also a
close friend of Sir William and Lady Wilde, who lived just
across the square, and with whose younger son, Oscar, I
was then at Oxford with.
"Bram was an ambitious man who not only worked
with Mycroft at Dublin Castle but wrote theatrical criticism in
his spare time and by night edited the Dublin Halfpenny
Press, a journal which he had only just launched. He was
trying to persuade me to write on famous Dublin murders
for it, but as he offered no remuneration at all, I gracefully
declined.
"We were in the foyer of the Royal when Bram, an
amiable, booming giant with red hair, hailed someone over
the heads of the throng. A thin, white-faced young man
emerged to be clasped warmly by the hand. It was a youth

of my own age and well known to me; Jack Phillimore was
his name. He had been a fellow student at Trinity College.
My heart leaped in expectation, and I searched the throng
for a familiar female face which was, I will confess it, most
dear to me. But Phillimore was alone. His sister Agnes,
was not with him at the theater.
"In the presence of Bram, we fell to exchanging
pleasantries about our alma mater. I noticed that
Phillimore's heart was not in exchanging such bonhomie
nor, to be honest, was mine. I was impatient for the
opportunity to inquire after Phillimore's sister. Ah, let the
truth be known, Watson, but only after I am not in this world.
"Love, my dear Watson. Love! I believe that you have
observed that all emotions, and that one in particular, are
abhorrent to my mind. This is true, and since I have become
mature enough to understand, I have come to regard it as
opposite to that true cold reason which I place above all
things. I have never married lest I bias my judgment. Yet it
was not always my intention, and this very fact is what led to
my downfall, causing the tragedy which I am about to relate.
Alas, Watson, if . . . but with an if we might place Paris in a
bottle.
"As a youth I was deeply in love with Agnes Phillimore
who was but a year older than I. When Jack Phillimore and I
were in our first year at Trinity, I used to spend time at their
town house by Stephen's Green. I confess, it was not the
company of Phillimore that I sought then but that of Agnes.

"In my maturity I could come to admire the woman, as
you insist I call Irene Adler, but admiration is not akin to the
deep, destructive emotional power that we call love.
"It was when Bram spotted someone across the foyer
that he needed to speak to that Phillimore seized the
opportunity to ask abruptly what I was doing for recreation.
Hearing that I was at a loose end, he suggested that I
accompany him to his father's estate in Kerry for a few
days. Colonel James Phillimore owned a large house and
estate in that remote county. Phillimore said he was going
down because it was his father's fiftieth birthday. I thought
at the time that he placed a singular emphasis on that fact.
"It was then that I managed to casually ask if his sister
Agnes was in Dublin or in Kerry. Phillimore, of course, like
most brothers, was ignorant that his sister held any
attraction for the male sex, least of all one of his friends. He
was nonchalant. 'To be sure she is at Tullyfane, Holmes.
Preparing for her marriage next month.'
"His glance was distracted by a man jostling through
the foyer, and so he missed the effect that this intelligence
had on me.
"'Married?' I gasped. 'To whom?'
"'Some professor, no less. A cove by the name of
Moriarty.'
"'Moriarty?' I asked, for the name meant little to me in
that context. I knew it only as a common County Kerry
name. It was an Anglicizing of the Irish name Ó

Muircheartaigh, meaning 'expert navigator.'
"'He is our neighbor, he is quite besotted with my
sister, and it seems that it is arranged that they will marry
next month. A rum cove, is the professor. Good education
and holds a chair of mathematics at Queen's University in
Belfast.'
"'Professor James Moriarty,' I muttered savagely.
Phillimore's news of Agnes's intentions had shattered all
my illusions.
"'Do you know him?' Phillimore asked, observing my
displeasure. 'He's all right, isn't he? I mean . . . he's not a
bounder, eh?'
"'I have seen him once only and that from a distance in
the Kildare Street Club,' I confessed. I had nothing against
Moriarty at that time. 'My brother Mycroft pointed him out to
me. I did not meet him. Yet I have heard of his reputation.
His Dynamics of an Asteroid ascended to such rarefied
heights of pure mathematics that no man in the scientific
press was capable of criticizing it.'
"Phillimore chuckled.
"That is beyond me. Thank God I am merely a student
of theology. But it sounds as though you are an admirer.'
"I admire intellect, Phillimore,' I replied simply.
Moriarty, as I recalled, must have been all of ten years older
than Agnes. What is ten years at our age? But to me, a
callow youth, I felt the age difference that existed between
Agnes and James Moriarty was obscene. I explain this

simply because my attitude has a bearing on my future
disposition.
"'So come down with me to Tullyfane Abbey,' pressed
Phillimore, oblivious to the emotional turmoil that he had
created in me.
"I was about to coldly decline the invitation when
Phillimore, observing my negative expression, was
suddenly very serious. He leaned close to me and said
softly: 'You see, Holmes, old fellow, we are having
increasing problems with the family ghost, and as I recall,
you have a canny way of solving bizarre problems.'
"I knew enough of his character to realize that jesting
was beyond his capacity.
"'The family ghost?'
"'A damned infernal specter that is driving my father
quite out of his wits. Not to mention Agnes.'
"'Your father and sister are afraid of a specter?'
"'Agnes is scared at the deterioration in my father's
demeanor. Seriously, Holmes, I really don't know what to
do. My sister's letters speak of such a bizarre set of
circumstances that I am inclined to think that she is
hallucinating or that my father has been driven mad
already.'
"My inclination was to avoid opening old wounds now
by meeting Agnes again. I could spend the rest of my
vacation in Marsh's Library, where they have an excellent
collection of medieval cryptogram manuscripts. I hesitated

—hesitated and was lost. I had to admit that I was intrigued
to hear more of the matter in spite of my emotional distress,
for any mystery sends the adrenaline coursing in my body.
"The very next morning I accompanied Jack Phillimore
to Kingsbridge Railway Station and boarded the train to
Killarney. En route he explained some of the problems.
"Tullyfane Abbey was supposed to be cursed. It was
situated on the extremity of the Iveragh Peninsula in a wild
and deserted spot. Tullyfane Abbey was, of course, never
an abbey. It was a dignified Georgian country house. The
Anglo-Irish gentry in the eighteenth century had a taste for
the grandiose and called their houses abbeys o r castles
even when they were unassuming dwellings inhabited only
by families of modest fortune.
"Phillimore told me that the firstborn of every
generation of the lords of Tullyfane were to meet with
terrible deaths on the attainment of their fiftieth birthdays
even down to the seventh generation. It seems that first lord
of Tullyfane had hanged a young boy for sheep stealing.
The boy turned out to be innocent, and his mother, a widow
who had doted on the lad as insurance for comfort in her
old age, had duly uttered the curse. Whereupon, each lord
of Tullyfane, for the last six generations, had met an
untimely end.
"Phillimore assured me that the first lord of Tullyfane
had not even been a direct ancestor of his, but that his
great-grandfather had purchased Tullyfane Abbey when the

owner, concerned at the imminent prospect of departing
this life on his fiftieth birthday, decided to sell and depart for
healthier climes in England. This sleight of hand of
ownership had not prevented Jack's great-grandfather,
General Phillimore, from falling off his horse and breaking
his neck on his fiftieth birthday. Jack's grandfather, a
redoubtable judge, was shot on his fiftieth birthday. The
local inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary had
assumed that his untimely demise could be ascribed more
to his profession than to the paranormal. Judges and
policemen often experienced sudden terminations to their
careers in a country where they were considered part of the
colonial occupation by ordinary folk.
"'I presume your father, Colonel James Phillimore, is
now approaching his fiftieth birthday and hence his alarm?'
I asked Phillimore as the train rolled through the Tipperary
countryside toward the Kerry border.
"Phillimore nodded slowly.
"'My sister has, in her letters, written that she has heard
the specter crying at night. She reports that my father has
even witnessed the apparition, the form of a young boy,
crying on the turret of the abbey.'
"I raised my eyebrows unintentionally.
"'Seen as well as heard?' I demanded. 'And by two
witnesses? Well, I can assure you that there is nothing in
this world that exists unless it is due to some scientifically
explainable reason.'

"'Nothing in this world,' muttered Phillimore. 'But what
of the next?'
"'If your family believes in this curse, why remain at
Tullyfane?' I demanded. 'Would it not be better to quit the
house and estate if you are so sure that the curse is
potent?'
"'My father is stubborn, Holmes. He will not quit the
place, for he has sunk every penny he has into it apart from
our town house in Dublin. If it were me, I would sell it to
Moriarty and leave the accursed spot.'
"'Sell it to Moriarty? Why him, particularly?'
"'He offered to buy Father out in order to help resolve
the situation.'
"'Rather magnanimous of him,' I observed.
'Presumably he has no fear of the curse?'
"'He reckons that the curse would only be directed at
Anglo-Irish families like us, while he, being a pure Milesian,
a Gael of the Gaels, so to speak, would be immune to the
curse.'
"Colonel Phillimore had sent a calèche to Killarney
Station to bring Phillimore and me to Tullyfane Abbey. The
old colonel was clearly not in the best of spirits when he
greeted us in the library. I noticed his hand shook a little as
he raised it to greet me.
"'Friend of Jack's, eh? Yes, I remember you. One of
the Galway Holmeses. Mycroft Holmes is your brother?
Works for Lord Hartington, eh? Chief Secretary, eh?'

"He had an irritating manner of putting eh after each
telegraphic phrase as a punctuation.
"It was then that Agnes Phillimore came in to welcome
us. God, Watson, I was young and ardent in those days.
Even now, as I look back with a more critical eye and
colder blood, I acknowledge that she was rare and
wonderful in her beauty. She held out her hand to me with a
smile, but I saw at once that it lacked the warmth and
friendship that I thought it had once held for me alone. Her
speech was reserved, and she greeted me as a distant
friend. Perhaps she had grown into a woman while I held to
her image with boyish passion? It was impossible for me to
acknowledge this at that time, but the passion was all on
my side. Ah, immature youth, what else is there to say?
"We dined in somber mode that evening. Somber for
me because I was wrestling with life's cruel realities;
somber for the Phillimores because of the curse that hung
over the house. We were just finishing the dessert when
Agnes suddenly froze, her fork halfway to her mouth. Then
Colonel Phillimore dropped his spoon with a crash on his
plate and gave a piteous moan.
"In the silence that followed I heard it plainly. It was the
sound of a sobbing child. It seemed to echo all around the
room. Even Jack Phillimore looked distracted.
"I pushed back my chair and stood up, trying to
pinpoint the direction from which the sounds came.
"'What lies directly beneath this dining room?' I

demanded of the colonel. He was white in the face, too far
gone with shock to answer me.
"I turned to Jack Phillimore. He replied with some
nervousness.
"'The cellars, Holmes.'
"'Come, then,' I cried, grabbing a candelabra from the
table and striding swiftly to the door.
"As I reached the door, Agnes stamped her foot twice
on the floor as if agitated.
"'Really, Mr. Holmes,' she cried, 'you cannot do battle
with an ethereal being!'
"I paused in the doorway to smile briefly at her.
"'I doubt that I shall find an ethereal being, Miss
Phillimore.'
"Jack Phillimore led the way to the cellar, and we
searched it thoroughly, finding nothing.
"'What did you expect to find?' demanded Phillimore,
seeing my disappointment as we returned to the dining
room.
"'A small boy, corporeal in form and not a spirit,' I
replied firmly.
"'Would that it were so.' Agnes greeted our return
without disguising her look of satisfaction that I could
produce no physical entity in explanation. 'Do you not think
that I have caused this house to be searched time and time
again? My father is on the verge of madness. I do believe
that he has come to the end of his composure. I fear for

what he might do to himself.'
"'And the day after tomorrow is his fiftieth birthday,'
added Phillimore soberly.
"We were standing in the entrance to the dining room
when Malone, the aging butler, answered a summons to the
front door by the jangle of the bell.
"'It's a Professor Moriarty,' he intoned.
"Moriarty was tall and thin, with a forehead domed in a
white curve and deeply set eyes. His face protruded
forward and had a curious habit of slowly oscillating from
side to side in what, in the harsh judgment of my youth, I felt
to be a curiously reptilian fashion. I suppose, looking back,
he was handsome in a way and somewhat distinguished.
He had been young for his professorship, and there was no
doubting the sharpness of his mind and intellect.
"Agnes greeted him with warmth while Phillimore was
indifferent. As for myself, I felt I had to suppress my ill
humor. He had come to join us for coffee and brandy and
made sympathetic overtures to the colonel over his
apparent state of ill health.
"'My offer still stands, dear sir,' he said. 'Best be rid of
the abbey and the curse in one fell swoop. Not, of course,
that you would lose it entirely, for when Agnes and I are
married, you will always be a welcome guest here.'
"Colonel Phillimore actually growled. A soft rumbling
sound in the back of his throat, like an animal at bay and
goaded into response.

"'I intend to see this through. I refuse to be chased out
of my home by a specter when Akbar Khan and his
screaming Afghans could not budge me from the fort at
Peiwar Pass. No, sir. Here I intend to stay and see my
fiftieth birthday through.'
"'I think you should at least consider James's offer,
Father,' Agnes rebuked him. 'This whole business is
affecting your nerves. Better get rid of the place and move
to Dublin.'
"'Nonsense!' snapped her father. 'I shall see it through.
I will hear no more.'
"We went to bed early that night, and I confess, I spent
some time analyzing my feelings for Agnes before
dropping into a dozing slumber.
"The crying woke me. I hauled on a dressing gown and
hastened to the window through which a full white moon
sent its soft light. The cry was like a banshee's wail. It
seemed to be coming from above me. I hastened from the
room and in the corridor outside I came across Jack
Phillimore, similarly attired in a dressing gown. His face
looked ghastly.
"'Tell me that I am not dreaming, Holmes,' he cried.
"'Not unless we share a dream,' I replied tersely. 'Do
you have a revolver?'
"He looked startled.
"'What do you hope to achieve with a revolver?' he
demanded.

"'I think it might be efficacious in dealing with ghosts,
ghouls, and apparitions.' I smiled thinly.
"Phillimore shook his head.
"'The guns are locked below in the gun room. My father
has the key.'
"'Ah well,' I replied in resignation, 'we can probably
proceed without them. This crying is emanating from
above. What's up there?'
"'The turret room. That's where Father said he saw the
apparition before.'
"'Lead me to the turret room, then.'
"Spurred on by the urgency of my tone, Phillimore
turned to lead the way. We flew up the stairs of a circular
tower and emerged onto a flat roof. At the far end of the
building rose a similar, though larger, tower or, more
accurately, a round turret. Encircling it, ten feet above the
roof level there ran a small balcony.
"'My God!' cried Phillimore, halting so abruptly that I
cannoned in to him.
"It took me a moment to recover before I saw what had
caused his distress. On this balcony there stood the figure
of a small boy. He was clearly lit in the bright moonlight and
yet, yet I will tell you no lie, Watson, his entire body and
clothes glowed with a strange luminescence. The boy it
was who was letting out the eerie, wailing sounds.
"'Do you see it, Holmes?' cried Phillimore.
"'I see the young rascal, whoever he is!' I yelled,

running toward the tower over the flat roof.
"Then the apparition was gone. How or where, I did not
observe.
"I reached the base of the tower and looked for a way
to scramble up to the balcony. There was only one way of
egress from the roof. A small door in the tower which
seemed clearly barred on the inside.
"'Come, Phillimore, the child is escaping!' I cried in
frustration.
"'Escaping, eh?' It was the colonel who emerged out of
the darkness behind us. His face was ashen. He was clad
only in his pajamas.
"'Specters don't need to escape, eh! No, sir! Now that
you have seen it, too, I can say I am not mad. At least, not
mad, eh?'
"'How do I get into the turret?' I demanded, ignoring the
colonel's ranting.
"'Boarded up for years, Holmes,' Phillimore explained,
moving to support his frail father for fear the old man might
topple over. 'There's no way anyone could have entered or
left it.'
"'Someone did,' I affirmed. 'That was no specter. I think
this has been arranged. I think you should call in the police.'
"The colonel refused to speak further of the matter and
retired to bed. I spent most of the night checking the
approaches to the turret room and was forced to admit that
all means of entrance and exit seemed perfectly secured.

But I was sure that when I started to run across the roof
toward the tower, the boy had bobbed away with such a
startled expression that no self-respecting ghost in the
middle of haunting would have assumed.
"The next morning, over breakfast, I was forceful in my
exhortations to the colonel that he should put the matter
forthwith in the hands of the local police. I told him that I had
no doubts that some bizarre game was afoot. The colonel
had recovered some of his equilibrium and listened
attentively to my arguments.
"Surprisingly, the opposition came from Agnes. She
was still in favor of her father departing the house and
putting an end to the curse.
"We were just finishing breakfast when Malone
announced the arrival of Professor Moriarty.
"Agnes went to join him in the library while we three
finished our meal, by the end of which, Colonel Phillimore
had made up his mind to follow my advice. It was decided
that we accompany Colonel Phillimore directly after
breakfast to discuss the matter with the local Inspector of
the Royal Irish Constabulary. Agnes and Moriarty joined us,
and having heard the story from Agnes, Moriarty actually
said that it was the best course of action, although Agnes
still had her doubts. In fact, Moriarty offered to accompany
us. Agnes excused herself a little ungraciously, I thought,
because she had arranged to make an inventory of the
wines in the cellar.

"So the colonel, Phillimore, Moriarty, and I agreed to
walk the two miles into the town. It must be observed that a
few miles' walk was nothing for those who lived in the
country in those days. Now, in London, everyone is forever
hailing hansom carriages even if they merely desire to
journey to the end of the street.
"We left the house and began to stroll down the path.
We had barely gone twenty yards when the colonel, casting
an eye at the sky, excused himself and said he needed his
umbrella and would be but a moment. He turned, hurried
back to his front door, and entered. That was when he
disappeared from this world forever.
"The three of us waited patiently for a few moments.
Moriarty then said that if we continued to stroll at an easy
pace, the colonel would catch us up. Yet when we reached
the gates of the estate, I began to grow concerned that
there was still no sign of the colonel. I caused our party to
wait at the gates. Ten minutes passed, and then I felt I
should return to find out what had delayed the colonel.
"The umbrella was still in the hall stand. There was no
sign of the colonel. I rang the bell for old Malone and he
swore that as far as he was aware the colonel had left with
us and had not returned. There was no budging him on that
point. Grumbling more than a little, he set off to the colonel's
room; I went to the study. Soon the entire house was being
searched as Jack Phillimore and Moriarty arrived back to
discover the cause of the delay.

"It was then that Agnes emerged from the cellars,
looking a little disheveled, an inventory in her hand. When
she heard that her father had simply vanished, she grew
distraught and Malone had to fetch the brandy.
"In the wine cellar, she told me, she had heard and
seen nothing. Moriarty volunteered to search the cellar just
to make the examination of the house complete. I told
Phillimore to look after his sister and accompanied
Moriarty. While I disliked the man, there was no doubt that
Moriarty could hardly have engineered the colonel's
disappearance as he had left the house with us and
remained with us outside the house. Naturally, our search of
the cellars proved futile. They were large, and one could
probably have hidden a whole army in them if one so
desired. But the entrance from the hall led to the area used
for wine storage, and no one could have descended into
the cellar without passing this area and thus being seen by
Agnes. No answer to Colonel James Phillimore's
disappearance presented itself to me.
"I spent a week at Tullyfane attempting to form some
conclusion. The local RIC eventually gave up the search. I
had to return to Oxford, and it became obvious to me that
neither Agnes nor Moriarty required my company further.
After that, I had but one letter from Jack Phillimore, and this
several months later and postmarked at Marseille.
"Apparently, at the end of two weeks, a suicide note
was found in the colonel's desk stating that he could not

stand the strange hauntings in Tullyfane Abbey. Rather than
await the terrible death on his fiftieth birthday, he proposed
to put an end to it himself. There was attached a new will,
giving the estate to Agnes in acknowledgment of her
forthcoming marriage and the house in Stephen's Green to
Jack. Phillimore wrote that although the will was bizarre,
and there was no proof of his father's death, he
nevertheless had refused to contest it. I heard later that this
was against the advice of Phillimore's solicitor. But it
seemed that Jack Phillimore wanted no part of the curse or
the estate. He wished his sister joy of it and then took
himself to Africa as a missionary where, two years later, I
heard that he had been killed in some native uprising in
British East Africa. It was not even on his fiftieth birthday.
So much for curses.
"And Agnes Phillimore? She married James Moriarty
and the property passed to him. She was dead within six
months. She drowned in a boating accident when Moriarty
was taking her to Beginish, just off the Kerry coast, to show
her the columnar basaltic formations similar to those of the
Giant's Causeway. Moriarty was the only survivor of the
tragedy.
"He sold Tullyfane Abbey and its estate to an
American and moved to London to become a gentleman of
leisure, although his money was soon squandered due to
his dissipated lifestyle. He resorted to more overt illegal
activities to replenish his wealth. I have not called him the
'Napoleon of crime' without cause.

"As for Tullyfane, the American tried to run the estate,
but fell foul of the Land Wars of a few years ago when the
Land Leaguers forced radical changes in the way the great
estates in Ireland were run. That was when a new word was
added to the language—boycott—when the Land Leaguers
ostracized Charles Boycott, the estate agent of Lord Erne
at Lough Mask. The American pulled out of Tullyfane
Abbey, which fell into ruin and became derelict.
"Without being able to find out what happened when
James Phillimore stepped back beyond his front door to
retrieve his umbrella, I was unable to bring the blame to
where, I believed with every fiber in my body, it lay; namely,
to James Moriarty. I believe that it was Moriarty who
planned the whole dastardly scheme of obtaining the estate
which he presumed would set him up for life. He was not in
love with poor Agnes. He saw her as the quick means of
becoming rich and, not content to wait for her marriage
portion, I believe he forged the suicide note and will and
then found an ingenious way to dispatch the colonel, having
failed to drive him insane by playing on the curse. Once he
had secured the estate, poor Agnes became dispensable.
"How he worked the curse, I was not sure until a
singular event was reported to me some years later.
"It was in London, only a few years ago, that I
happened to encounter Bram Stoker's younger brother,
George. Like most of the Stoker brothers, with the
exception of Bram, George had gone into medicine and

was a Licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeons in
Dublin. George had just married a lady from County Kerry,
actually the sister of the McGillycuddy of the Reeks, one of
the old Gaelic nobility.
"It was George who supplied me with an important
piece of the jigsaw. He was actually informed of the
occurrence by none other than his brother-in-law, Dennis
McGillycuddy, who had been a witness to the event.
"About a year after the occurrences at Tullyfane
Abbey, the body of a young boy was found in an old mine
working in the Reeks. I should explain that the Reeks are
the mountains on the Iveragh Peninsula which are the
highest peaks in Ireland and, of course, Tullyfane stands in
their shadows. The boy's body had not badly decomposed,
because it had lain in the ice-cold temperatures of the small
lochs one gets in the area. It so happened that a well-known
Dublin medical man, Dr. John MacDonnell, the first person
to perform an operation under anesthetic in Ireland, was
staying in Killarney. He agreed to perform the autopsy
because the local coroner had noticed a peculiar aspect to
the body; he observed that in the dark the corpse of the boy
was glowing.
"MacDonnell found that the entire body of the boy had
been coated in a waxy yellow substance; indeed, it was the
cause of death, for it had so clogged the pores of his skin
that the unfortunate child had simply been asphyxiated.
Upon analysis, it was discerned that the substance was a

form of natural phosphorus, found in the caves in the area. I
immediately realized the significance of this.
"The child, so I presumed, was one of the hapless and
miserable wretches doomed to wander the byways of
Ireland, perhaps orphaned during the failure of the potato
crops in 1871, which had spread starvation and typhus
among the peasants. Moriarty had forced or persuaded
him to act the part of the wailing child whom we had
observed. This child was our specter, appearing now and
then at Moriarty's command to scream and cry in certain
places. The phosphorus would have emitted the ethereal
glow.
"Having served his purpose, Moriarty, knowing well the
properties of the waxy substance with which he had coated
the child's body, left the child to suffocate and dumped the
body in the mountains."
I waited for some time after Holmes had finished the
story, and then I ventured to ask the question to which he
had, so far, provided no answer. As I did so, I made the
following preamble.
"Accepting that Moriarty had accomplished a fiendish
scheme to enrich himself and that it was only in retrospect
you realized how he managed to use the child to
impersonate a specter—"
Holmes breathed out sharply as he interrupted. "It is a
failure of my deductive capabilities that I have no wish to

advertise, Watson."
"Yet there is one thing—just how did Moriarty manage
to spirit away the body of James Phillimore after he
stepped back inside the door of the house to retrieve his
umbrella? By your own statement, Moriarty, Jack
Phillimore, and yourself were all together, waiting for the
colonel, outside his house. The family retainer, old Malone,
swore the colonel did not reenter the house. How was it
done? Was Malone in the pay of Moriarty?"
"It was a thought that crossed my mind. The RIC
likewise questioned old Malone very closely and came to
the conclusion that he was part of no plot. In fact, Malone
could not say one way or another if the colonel had
returned, as he was in the kitchen with two housemaids as
witnesses at the time."
"And Agnes? . . . "
"Agnes was in the cellar. She saw nothing. When all is
said and done, there is no logical answer. James
Phillimore vanished the moment he stepped back over the
threshold. I have thought about every conceivable
explanation for the last twenty years and have come to no
suitable explanation except one. . . . "
"Which is?"
"The powers of darkness were exalted that day, and
Moriarty had made a pact with the devil, selling his soul for
his ambition."
I stared at Holmes for a moment. I had never seen him

admit to any explanation of events that was not in keeping
with scientific logic. Was he correct that the answer lay with
the supernatural, or was he merely covering up for the fact
of his own lack of knowledge or, even more horrific to my
susceptibilities, did the truth lie in some part of my old
friend's mind which he refused to admit even to himself?
Pinned to John H. Watson's manuscript was a small
yellowing cutting from the Kerry Evening News; alas the
date had not been noted.
"During the recent building of an RIC Barracks on the
ruins of Tullyfane Abbey, a well-preserved male skeleton
was discovered. Sub-Inspector Dalton told our reporter that
it could not be estimated how long the skeleton had lain
there. The precise location was in a bricked-up area of the
former cellars of the abbey.
"Doctor Simms-Taafe said that he adduced, from the
condition of the skeleton, that it had belonged to a man in
midlife who had met his demise within the last twenty or
thirty years. The back of the skull had been smashed in due
to a severe blow, which might account for the death.
"Sub-Inspector Dalton opined that the death might well
be linked with the disappearance of Colonel Phillimore,
then the owner of Tullyfane Abbey, some thirty years ago.
As the next owner, Professor James Moriarty was reported
to have met his death in Switzerland, the last owner having
been an American who returned to his homeland, and the

Phillimores being no longer domiciled in the country, the
RIC are placing the matter in their file of unsolved
suspicious deaths."
A few lines were scrawled on the cutting in Dr.
Watson's hand, which ran, "I think it was obvious that
Colonel Phillimore was murdered as soon as he reentered
the house. I have come to believe that the truth did lie in a
dark recess of my old friend's mind which he refused to
admit was the grotesque and terrible truth of the affair.
Patricide, even at the instigation of a lover with whom one
is besotted, is the most hideous crime of all. Could it be
that Holmes had come to regard the young woman herself
as representing the powers of darkness?" The last
sentence was heavily underscored.

The Vale of the White
Horse
by Sharyn McCrumb
Sharyn McCrumb is the author of the Appalachian
Ballad series, which includes the New York Times
bestsellers She Walks These Hills, The Hangman's
Beautiful Daughter, and The Ballad of Frankie Silver.
Her novel The Rosewood Casket is currently in
production for a feature film adaptation, and
forthcoming novels include The Devil Amongst the
Lawyers, and a book co-authored with NASCAR driver
Adam Edwards called Faster Pastor. McCrumb has
been honored with the Library of Virginia Award and
her book, St. Dale, received the Book of the Year
Award from the Appalachian Writers Association. In
2008, she was also presented with the Virginia
Women of History Award.
The Uffington White Horse is a giant prehistoric chalk
carving cut into the bedrock of a hillside in southern
England. McCrumb says that she is fascinated by
British folklore and prehistoric landmarks, and when

she visited Wiltshire and saw the Horse, she knew that
she wanted to incorporate it into a story someday.
"The Vale of the White Horse" is the result.
This story is one of those rare ones in which we get to
see the great detective Sherlock Holmes from the
point of view of someone other than Watson. Of this
character, the author explains, "Grisel Rountree is the
English counterpart of a favorite character from my
Ballad novels, the Appalachian wise woman Nora
Bonesteel." She adds that the story is inspired in part
by "my resentment of the urban know-it-alls who think
that country people are less intelligent or sophisticated
than city dwellers. I enjoyed making Grisel Rountree
every bit as astute and eccentric as Holmes."
Grisel Rountree was the first to see that something
was strange about the white chalk horse.
As she stood on the summit of the high down, in the
ruins of the hill fort that overlooked the dry chalk valley, she
squinted at the white shape on the hillside below,
wondering for a moment or two what was altered. Carved
into the steep slope across the valley, the primitive outline
of a white horse shone in the sunshine of a June morning.
Although Grisel Rountree had lived in the valley all seven
decades of her life, she never tired of the sight of the
ancient symbol, large as a hayfield, shining like polished

ivory in the long grass of early summer.
The white horse had been old two thousand years ago
when the Romans arrived in Britain, and the people in the
valley had long ago forgotten the reason for its existence,
but there were stories about its magic. Some said that King
Arthur had fought his last battle on that hill, and others
claimed that the horse was the symbol for the nearby
Wayland Smithy, the local name for a stone chamber where
folk said that a pagan god had been condemned to shoe
the horses of mortals for all eternity.
Whatever the truth of its origins, the village took a quiet
pride in its proximity to the great horse. Every year when
the weather broke, folk would make an excursion up the
slope to clean the chalk form of the great beast, and to pull
any encroaching weeds that threatened to blur the
symmetry of its outline. They made a day of it, taking picnic
lunches and bottles of ale, and the children played tag in the
long grass while their elders worked. When Grisel was a
young girl, her father had told her that the chalk figure was a
dragon whose imprint had been burned into the hill where it
had been killed by St. George himself. When she became
old enough to go to the village dances, the laughing young
men had insisted that the white beast was a unicorn, and
that if a virgin should let herself be kissed within the eye of
the chalk figure, the unicorn would come to life and gallop
away. It was a great jest to invite the unmarried lasses up to
the hill "to make the unicorn run," though of course it never
did.

Nowadays everyone simply said the creature was a
horse, though they did allow that whoever drew it hadn't
made much of a job of it. It was too stretched and skinny to
look like a proper horse, but given its enormous size,
perhaps the marvel was that the figure looked like anything
at all.
The hill fort provided the best view of the great white
horse. Anyone standing beside the chalk ramparts of the
ancient ruins could look down across the valley and see the
entire figure of the horse sprawled out below like the
scribble of some infant giant. Grisel Rountree did not
believe in giants, but she did believe in tansy leaves, which
was why she was up at the hill fort so early that morning. A
few leaves of tansy put in each shoe prevented the wearer
from coming down with ague. Although she seldom had the
ague Grisel Rountree considered it prudent to stock up on
the remedy as a precaution anyhow. Besides, half the
village came to her at one time or another to cure their
aches and pains, and it was just as well to be ready with a
good supply before winter set in.
She had got up at first light, fed the hens and did the
morning chores around her cottage, and then set off with a
clean feed sack to gather herbs for her remedies and
potions. She had been up at the ruins when the clouds
broke, and a shaft of sunlight seemed to shine right down
on the chalk horse. She had stopped looking for plants
then, and when she stood up to admire the sight, she

noticed it.
The eye of the great white horse was red.
"Now, there's a thing," she said to herself.
She shaded her eyes from the sun and squinted to get
a clearer image of the patch of red, but she still couldn't
make it out. The eye did not appear to have been painted. It
was more like something red had been put more or less in
the space where the horse's eye ought to be, but at this
distance, she couldn't quite make out what it was. She
picked up the basket of herbs and made her way down the
slope. No use hurrying—it would take her at least half an
hour to cross the valley and climb the hill to the eye of the
white horse. Besides, since whatever-it-was in the eye was
not moving, it would probably be there whenever she
reached it.
"It'll be goings-on, I'll warrant," she muttered to herself,
picturing a courting couple fallen asleep in their trysting
place. Grisel Rountree did not hold with "goings-on,"
certainly not in broad daylight at the top of a great hill
before God and everybody. She tried to think of who in the
village might be up to such shenanigans these days, but no
likely couple came to mind. They were all either past the
point of outdoor courting or still working up to it.
Out of ideas, she plodded on. "Knowing is better than
guessing," she muttered, resolving to ignore the twinge of
rheumatism that bedeviled her joints with every step she
took. The walk would do her good, she thought, and if it

didn't, there was always some willow tea back in the
cottage waiting to be brewed.
Half an hour later, the old woman had crossed the
valley and reached the summit where the chalk horse lay.
Now that she was nearer she could see that the splash of
red she had spotted from afar was a bit of cloth, but it
wasn't lying flat against the ground like a proper cape or
blanket should. She felt a shiver of cold along her
backbone, knowing what she was to find.
In the eye of the white horse, Grisel knelt beside the
scarlet cloak spread open on the ground. She wore a look
of grim determination, but she would not be shocked. She
had been midwife to the village these forty years, and she
laid out the dead as well, so she'd seen the worse, taken all
round. She lifted the edge of the blanket and found herself
staring into the sightless eyes of a stranger. A moment's
examination told her that the man was a gentleman—the
cut of his blood-stained clothes would have told her that, but
besides his wardrobe, the man had the smooth hands and
the well-kept look of one who has been waited on all his life.
She noted this without any resentment of the differences in
their stations: such things just were.
The man was alive, but only just.
"Can you tell me who did this to you?" she said,
knowing that this was all the help he could be given, and
that if there were time for only one question, it should be
that. The rest could be found out later, one way or another.

The man's eyes seemed to focus on her for a moment,
and in a calm, wondering voice he said clearly, "Not a
maiden . . . "
And then he died. Grisel Rountree did not stay to
examine him further, because the short blade sticking out of
the dead man's stomach told her that this was not a matter
for the layer out of the dead but for the village constable.
"Rest in peace, my lad," said the old woman, laying the
blanket back into place. "I'll bring back someone directly to
fetch you down."
"Missus Rountree!" Young Tom Cowper stood under
the apple tree beside the old woman's cottage, gasping for
breath from his run from the village, but too big with news to
wait for composure. "They're bringing a gentleman down
from London on account of the murder!"
Grisel Rountree swirled the wooden paddle around the
sides of the steaming black kettle, fishing a bit of bed sheet
out of the froth and examining it for dirt. Not clean yet.
"From London?" she grunted. "I shouldn't wonder. Our PC
Waller is out of his depth, and so I told him when I took him
up to the white horse."
"Yes'm," said Tom, mindful of the sixpence he had
been given to deliver the message. "The London
gentleman—he's staying at the White Horse, him and a
friend—at the Inn, I mean."
Grisel snorted. "I didn't suppose you meant the white

horse on the hill, lad."
"No. Well, he's asking to see you, missus. On account
of you finding the body. They say I'm to take you to the
village."
The old woman stopped stirring the wash pot and fixed
the boy with a baleful eye. "Oh, I'm to come to the village,
am I? Look here, Tom Cowper, you go back to the inn and
tell the gentleman that anybody can tell him the way to my
cottage, and if he wants a word with me, here I'll be."
"But missus . . . "
"Go!"
For a moment Tom gaped at the tall, white-haired
figure, pointing imperiously at him. People roundabouts
said she were a witch, and of course he didn't hold with
such foolishness, but there was a limit to what sixpence
would buy a gentleman in the way of his services as a
messenger. Choosing the better part of valor, he turned
and ran.
"Who is this London fellow?" Grisel called after the
boy.
Without breaking stride Tom called back to her, "Misterr Sher-lock Holmes!"
Grisel Rountree finished her washing, swept the
cottage again, and set to work making a batch of scones in
case the gentleman from London should arrive at tea time,
which, if he had any sense, he would, because anybody

hereabouts could tell him that Grisel Rountree's baking was
far better than the alternately scorched and floury efforts of
the cook at the village inn.
The old woman was not surprised that London had
taken an interest in the case, considering that the dead
man had turned out to be from London himself, and a
society doctor to boot. James Dacre, his name was, and
he was one of the Hampshire Dacres, and the brother of
the young baronet over at Ramsmeade. The wonder of it
was that the doctor should be visiting here, for he had never
done so before, though they saw his brother the baronet
often enough.
A few months back, the young baronet had been a
guest of the local hunt, and during the course of the visit he
had met Miss Evelyn Ambry, the daughter of the local
squire and the beauty of the county. She was a tall, spirited
young woman, much more beautiful than her sisters and by
far the best rider. People said she was as fearless as she
was flawless, but among the villagers there was a hint of
reserve in their voices when they spoke of her. There was a
local tradition about the Ambrys, people didn't speak of it in
these enlightened times, but they never quite forgot it either.
Miss Evelyn was one of the Ambry changelings, right
enough. There was one along in nearly every generation.
By all accounts Miss Evelyn Ambry had made a
conquest of the noble guest, and the baronet's visits to the
district became so frequent that people began to talk of a

match being made between the pair of them. Some folk
said they would been betrothed already if Miss Evelyn's
aunt had not suddenly taken ill and died two weeks back,
so that Miss Evelyn had to observe mourning for the next
several months. And now there was more mourning to keep
them apart—his lordship's own brother.
Grisel Rountree was sorry about the young man's
untimely death, but it's an ill wind that blows nobody good,
she told herself, and if the doctor's passing kept his brother
from wedding the Ambry changeling, it might be a blessing
after all. Whenever a silly woman sighed at the prospect of
a wedding between Miss Evelyn and the baronet, Grisel
always held her peace on the subject, but she'd not be
drinking the health of the handsome couple if the wedding
day ever came. It boded ill for the bridegroom, she thought.
It always had done when a besotted suitor wed an Ambry
changeling, and so Grisel had been expecting a tragedy in
the offing—but not this particular tragedy. The baronet's
younger brother dying in the eye of the white horse. She
didn't know what it meant, and that worried her. And his last
words—"Not a maiden"—put her in mind of the village lads'
old jest about the unicorn, but how could a gentleman
doctor from London know about that? It was a puzzle, right
enough, and she could not see the sense of it yet, but one
thing she did know for certain: death comes in threes.
She was just dusting the top of the oak cupboard for
the second time when she heard voices in the garden.

"Do let me handle this, Holmes," came the voice of a
London gentleman. "You may frighten the poor old creature
out of her wits with your abrupt ways."
"Nonsense!" said a sharper voice. "I am the soul of
tact, always!"
She had flung open the cottage door before they could
knock. "Good afternoon, good sirs," she said, addressing
her remarks to the tall, saturnine gentleman in the cape and
the deerstalker hat. Just from the look of him, you could tell
that he was the one in charge.
The short, sandy-haired fellow with the bushy mustache
and kind eyes gave her a reassuring smile. "It's Mistress
Rountree, is it not? I am Dr. John Watson. Allow me to
introduce my companion, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the
eminent detective from London. We are indeed hoping for
a word with you. May we come in?"
She nodded and stepped aside to let them pass.
"You're wanting to talk about young Dacre's death," she
said. "It was me that found him. But you needn't be afraid of
upsetting me, young man. I may not have seen the horrors
you did with the army in Afghanistan, but I'll warrant I've
seen my share in forty years of birthing and burying folk in
these parts."
The sandy-haired man took a step backward and
stared at her. "But how did you know that I had been in
Afghanistan?"
"Really, Watson!" said his companion. "Will you never

cease to be amazed by parlor tricks? Shall I tell you how
the good lady ferreted out your secret? I did it myself at our
first meeting, you may recall."
"Yes, yes," said Watson with a nervous laugh. "I
remember. I was a bit startled, because the innkeeper said
that Mistress Rountree had a bit of reputation hereabouts
as a witch. I thought this might be a sample of it."
"I expect it is," said Holmes. "People are always
spinning tales to explain that which they do not understand.
No doubt they'll be coming out with some outlandish
nonsense about the body of Mr. Dacre being found in the
eye of the white horse. I believe you found him, madam?"
Grisel Rountree motioned for them to sit down. "I've
laid the tea on, and there are scones on the table. You can
be getting on with that while I'm telling you." In a few words
she gave the visitors a concise account of her actions on
the morning of James Dacre's murder.
"You'll be in the employ of his lordship the baronet,"
she said, giving Holmes an appraising look.
He nodded. "Indeed, that gentleman is most anxious to
discover the circumstances surrounding his brother's
murder. And you tell me that Dr. Dacre was in fact alive
when you found him?"
"Only just, sir. He had been stabbed in the stomach,
and he had bled like a stuck pig. Must have lain there a
good hour or more, judging by all the blood on the grass
thereabouts."

"And you saw no one? There are very few trees on
those downs. Did you scan the distance for a retreating
figure?"
She nodded. "Even before I knew what had happened,
I looked. I was on the opposite hill, mind, when I first noticed
the red on the horse's eye, so I could see for miles, and
there were nothing moving, not so much as a cow, sir, much
less a man."
"No. You'd have told the constable if it had been
otherwise. And the poor man's final words to you were—"
"Just like I told you. He opened his eyes and said clear
as day, Not a maiden. Then he laid back and died."
"Not a maiden. He was not addressing you, I take it?"
"He were not," snapped the old woman. "And he would
have been wrong if he had been."
"Did the phrase convey anything to you at the time?"
"Only the old tale about the white horse. The village
lads used to say that if anyone were to kiss a proper
maiden standing upon the chalk horse, the beast would get
up and walk away. So perhaps he had been kissing a lady?
But that's not what I thought. The poor man was stabbed
with a woman's weapon—a seam ripper, it were, from a
lady's sewing kit—and I think he was saying that the one
who used it was not a woman, despite the look of it."
Holmes nodded. "Let's leave that for a bit. I find it
curious that the doctor was walking on the downs at such
an odd hour. In fact, why was he here at all? The family

estate, Ramsmeade, is some distance from here."
"The doctor's brother is engaged to squire's daughter
hereabouts," said the old woman.
"So I am told. I believe the Dacres had come to attend
a funeral at the Hall."
"T'were the squire's younger sister. Christabel, her
name was. Fanciful name for a flighty sort of woman, if you
ask me. Ill for a long while, she was, and her not thirty-five
yet, even. Young Dacre were a doctor, you know. So when
the squire's sister took sick, the family asked Dr. Dacre to
do what he could for the poor lady, on account of the family
connection, you see. The doctor's brother affianced to the
niece of the sick woman."
"Ah! Mr. Dacre often visited here to treat his patient
then?"
"Not he. He has a fine clinic up in London. She went up
there to be looked after. Out of her head with worry, she
was, poor lamb. Even came here once to see if I had any
kind of a tonic that might set her to rights. Now, Mistress
Rountree, she says to me, I've got such a pain in my tummy
that I don't care if I live or die, only I must make it stop. Is
there anything you can give me for it? But I told her there
were nought I could do for her, excepting to pray. There
never has been for such as she. An Ambry changeling, she
was. Know it to look at her, though I kept still about that. So
up she went to London, and died upon the operating table
up at the Dacre clinic."

"It was not, by any chance, a childbirth?" said Watson.
Grisel Rountree gave him a scornful look. "Childbirth?
Not she! I told you: an Ambry changeling she was. Not that I
believe all the tales that are bandied hereabouts, but call it
what you will, there is a mark on that family."
"Now that is interesting," said Holmes. He had left off
eating scones now, and was pacing the length of the
cottage while he listened. "What do people say about the
Ambrys? A family curse."
"Not a curse. That could be lifted, maybe. This is in the
blood and there's no getting away from it. The Ambrys are
an old family. They've been living at the Hall since the time
of the Crusades, that I do know. Churchyard will tell you that
much. But folk in these parts say that one of the Ambry
lords, a long time back, married one of the fair folk . . . "
She hesitated, choosing her words carefully. "One of the
lords and ladies . . . "
"He married into the nobility, you mean?" asked
Watson.
"Stranger than that, I think," said Holmes still pacing. "I
think Mistress Rountree is using the countryman's polite—
and wary—circumlocution to tell us that an Ambry ancestor
took a bride from among the Shining Folk. In short, a fairy
wife."
The old woman nodded. "Just so. They do say that she
stayed for all of twenty years and twenty days with her
mortal husband, and she bore him children, but then she

slipped away in the night and went back to her own people.
She was never seen again, but her bloodline carries on in
the Ambrys to this day. Their union was blessed with five
children—or blessed with four, perhaps. The fifth one took
after the mother. And ever since that time there has been in
nearly every generation that one daughter who takes after
the fairy side of the family—a changeling."
"Fascinating," said Holmes.
"But hardly germane to an ordinary stabbing death,"
said Watson.
"One never knows, Watson. Let us hear a bit more. By
what signs do you know that an Ambry boy or girl is the
family changeling?"
"It's always a girl," said the old woman. "The prettiest
one of the bunch, for one thing. Tall and slender, with
beautiful dark hair and what some might call an elf face—
big eyes and sharp cheek bones—not your chocolate box
pretty girl, but a beauty all the same."
"A lovely girl in every generation?" Dr. Watson
laughed. "That sounds like the sort of curse any family
would envy."
"But that's not the whole of it," said Grisel. "That's only
the good part."
"I suppose they were high-tempered ladies," Watson
said, smiling. "The pretty ones often are, I find. Still, I hardly
think that fairy stories would deter a modern gentleman."
"There is a good deal of sense wrapped in country

fables," said Holmes. "He might do well to heed them.
However, I don't quite see its connection to the death of the
good doctor. Was the Ambry family angry that Miss
Christabel Ambry had died in the doctor's care?"
"No. She were in a bad way, and they knew there was
little hope for her. They didn't suppose anybody could have
done any more than what he did."
"I wonder what was the matter with her?" mused
Watson.
"That is your province, Watson," said Holmes. "You
might call in at the clinic and ask. I shall pursue my present
line of inquiry. We know that Dacre arrived here on the
Friday. The funeral then was on Saturday, and he was
found dying within the white horse in the early hours of
Sunday morning. He had been stabbed with a silver seam
ripper from a sewing kit, but his last words—presumably on
the subject of his murderer—were not a maiden."
"Is there a tailor in these parts?"
"Watson, I hardly think that James Dacre would be
taking an evening stroll across the downs with the village
tailor."
Nor do I," said Grisel Rountree. "Anyhow, we don't
have one. So you do think the person up on the hill was a
lady after all?"
"We must not theorize ahead of the facts," said
Holmes. "This seems to be a country of riddles, and the
meaning of the doctor's words is still not clear."

A few days later Sir Henry Dacre, Bart. received his
distinguished London visitors in his oak-paneled study at
Ramsmeade. He was an amiable young man with watery
blue eyes and a diffident smile. At his side was a darkhaired woman, whose imperious nature made her seem
more the aristocrat than he. She was nearly as tall as Sir
Henry, and her sharp features and glowing white skin were
accentuated by the black of her mourning clothes.
"Good morning, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson," Sir Henry
said. "May I present my fiancée, Miss Evelyn Ambry. My
dear, these are the gentlemen I told you about. They are
looking into the circumstances surrounding the death of
poor James."
She inclined her head regally towards them. "Do sit
down, gentlemen. We are so anxious to hear of your
progress."
Dr. Watson raised his eyebrows, glancing first at
Holmes and then at their host. "The matters we have to
discuss are somewhat delicate for a lady's ears," he said.
"Perhaps Miss Ambry would prefer not to be present."
Evelyn Ambry gave him a cool stare. "If the matter
concerns my family, I shall insist on being present."
Sir Henry gave them a tentative smile. "There you have
it, gentlemen. She will have her way. If Miss Ambry wishes
to be present, I'm sure she has every right to do so."
With a curt nod Sherlock Holmes settled himself in an

armchair near the fire. "As you wish," he said. "I have never
been squeamish about medical matters myself. By all
means let us proceed. As to the physical facts concerning
the death of your late brother, we have done little more than
confirm what was already known: that he died in the early
hours of June 12 as the result of a stab wound inflicted in
his upper abdomen. The weapon was a seam ripper, but it
was not of the professional grade used by tailors. Rather it
seemed more appropriate to the sewing kit of a woman."
"I have not the patience for sewing," said Miss Ambry.
"Such an idle past-time. Grouse shooting is rather more in
my line."
"Yet the instrument was of silver, which seems to
preclude the villagers from ownership. Does anyone in your
household possess such an item?"
She shrugged. "Not to my knowledge. Did you ask the
household staff?"
"Yes. They could not be certain either way. Leaving
that aside, we know that the doctor came to the village to
attend the funeral of his patient, Miss Christabel Ambry, that
he stayed at the inn, and after seven in the evening, when
he had a pint in the residents' lounge, he was not seen until
the next morning, when his body was found in the vale of the
White Horse. This much we knew. So we turned our
attention to London."
Sir Henry nodded. "You think some enemy may have
followed my brother down from London and quarreled with

him?"
"I thought it most unlikely," Holmes replied. "In the
event we were able to discover no enemies."
"No, indeed," said Watson. "Dr. Dacre was highly
esteemed in the medical profession. His colleagues liked
him, and his patients are quite distressed that he has been
taken from them."
"He was the clever one of the family," said Sir Henry.
"But a dear fellow all the same."
"Are you quite sure that James had no enemies?"
asked Evelyn Ambry. "Surely you did not interview every
one of his patients? What about the relatives of the
deceased ones?"
"Indeed we have not yet spoken with you," said
Holmes. "I believe you would be included in the latter
category. Had your family any resentment toward Dr. Dacre
as a physician?"
"Certainly not!" Her cheeks reddened and she pursed
her lips in annoyance. "Christabel was very ill. We had long
feared the worst. I never go to doctors myself, but I thought
James was an exceptional physician. He was tireless on
Christabel's behalf. He fought even after we all had given
up hope."
"Had the doctor ever mentioned any unhappy
patients?" asked Watson, addressing Sir Henry.
"Never," said Sir Henry. "He seemed quite content in
his relations with mankind, taken all round."

"Which brings us to womankind," murmured Holmes. "I
am thinking of the doctor's final words: Not a maiden. Had
your brother any romantic attachments, Sir Henry?"
"Yes. James was engaged to an American heiress.
She was in New York at the time of his death, and as she
was unable to return for the funeral, she has remained in
America with her family. She is quite distraught. They were
devoted to one another."
"I see. So there is no question then of a dalliance with
a village maiden?" He glanced at Miss Ambry to see if the
question called for an apology, but she had managed a taut
smile.
"James was not at all that sort of man," she said.
"Anyone can tell you that. He lived for his work, and he was
quite happy to allocate the rest of his attention to Anne. She
is a charming girl."
Dr. Watson cleared his throat. "I have been examining
the medical records of Dr. Dacre's patients. They all seem
straightforward enough. He specialized in cancer—a sad
duty most of the time. I did wonder about your aunt, though,
Miss Ambry. The records on her case were missing. There
was only an empty folder with her name on it, and a
scribbled note: "No hope! Orchids?"
"Do you know what Christabel Ambry died of?"
"Cancer, of course," said Evelyn. "We knew that. I'm
afraid we did not press for details. Christabel seemed not
to want inquiry on the subject."

"In that case, why did Dacre destroy the records?"
said Watson. "He seems to have discussed the case with
no one. And what of the notation on the folder?"
"Orchids? Well, perhaps he was thinking of sending
flowers for the funeral," Sir Henry suggested.
"Orchids would be most unsuitable, Henry," said his
fiancée.
"Well, I suppose they would be. At any rate I know he
sent a wreath, but I'm dashed if I know what it was. White
flowers, I think. I confess it is all Greek to me, gentlemen."
Sherlock Holmes stared. "I wonder if . . . " He stood up
and began pacing before the hearth. After a few more
moments of muttering, during which he ignored their
questions, Holmes held up his hand for silence. "Well, we
must know. Watson, again your medical skills will be called
upon. Let us go and see the squire. I fear that we must
discover a buried secret."
"I will not give you a love potion, Millie Hopgood, and
that's final," said Grisel Rountree to the rabbit of a girl in her
cottage door. "That young man of yours is a Wilberforce,
and everybody knows the Wilberforces are mortally shy.
He's the undertaker's boy, and he don't know how to talk to
live people, I reckon."
"Yes, but—"
"All he wants is a bit of plain speaking from you, and if
you won't make up your mind to that, all the potions in the

world won't help you."
"Oh, I couldn't, I'm sure, Missus Rountree!" gasped the
girl. "But as you'll be seeing him up to the Hall today, I was
thinking you might have a word with him yourself."
"Me going to the Hall? First I've heard of it."
The girl pulled an envelope out of her apron pocket,
holding it out to the old woman so that she could see the
wax seal crest of the Ambrys sealing the flap. "I'm just
bringing it now. The two gentlemen from London are back,
and they'd like a word with you."
"Well? And what has your young Wilberforce to do with
it?"
"Please, missus, they're going into the vault—after
Miss Christabel."
"I am coming then," said the old woman. "See you tell
Miss Evelyn that I am coming straight away."
Grisel Rountree found Sherlock Holmes walking in the
grounds of Old Hall within site of the Ambry family vault. It
was a warm June afternoon, but she felt a chill on seeing
him pacing the lawn, oblivious to the riot of colors in the
flower beds or the beauty of the ancient oaks. As singleminded as Death, he was. And as inevitable.
"So you've gone and dug up Miss Christabel, then?"
she said. "Well, I don't suppose dug up is the right term, as
she were in a vault."
He nodded. "It all seemed to come down to that. Dr.

Watson is in the scullery there, performing an autopsy, but I
think we both know what he will find."
"The lady died of cancer," said Grisel Rountree,
looking away.
"Christabel Ambry died of cancer, yes," said Holmes.
"Ah," said the old woman. "So you do know something
about it."
"I fancy I do, yes." He turned in response to a shout
from the door of the scullery. "Here he is now. Shall we hear
his report or will you speak now?"
"Does Miss Evelyn know what you are doing?"
"She has gone out with a shooting party," said
Holmes. "We are quite alone, except for the undertaker's
boy."
"Wilberforce," she said with a dismissive sigh. "He
hasn't the sense to grasp what to gossip about, so that's
safe. Let the doctor tell you what he makes of it."
Watson reached them then, rolling down his sleeves,
his forearms still damp from washing up after the
procedure. "Well, it's done, Holmes," he said. "Shall I tell
you in private?"
Holmes shook his head. "Miss Rountree here is a
midwife and local herbalist. I rather fancy that makes her a
colleague of yours. In any case, she has always known what
you have just been at pains to discover. Do tell us, Watson.
Of what did Christabel Ambry die?"
Watson reddened. "Cancer, right enough," he said

gruffly. "Testicular cancer."
"You must have been surprised."
"I've heard of such cases," said Watson. "They are
mercifully rare. It is a defect in the development of the
foetus before birth, apparently. When I opened up the
abdomen, I found that the deceased had the . . . er . . . the
reproductive organs of a male. The testes, which had
become cancerous, were inside the abdomen, and there
was no womb. The deceased's vagina, only a few inches
long, ended at nothing. I must conclude that the patient was
—technically—male."
"An Ambry changeling," said Holmes.
"But how did you know, Holmes?"
"It was only a guess, but I knew, you see, that orchis is
the Greek word for testis, and I was still thinking about the
changeling story. It was an old country attempt to describe
a real occurrence, is it not so, madam?"
Grisel Rountree nodded. "We midwives never knew
what their insides were like, of course, but the thing about
the Ambry changelings is that they were barren. Always.
Oh, they might marry, right enough, especially to an
outsider who didn't know the story about the Ambrys, but
there was never a child born to one of them. Some of them
were good wives, and some were bad, and more than a
few died young, like Christabel Ambry, rest her soul—but
there was never an Ambry changeling that bore a child.
That could be curse enough to a landed family with the

property entailed, don't you reckon?"
"Indeed," said Holmes." And the doctor knew of this?"
"He did not," said Grisel Rountree. "None of us were
like to tell him—no business of his, anyhow. And when Miss
Christabel came to see me, she said she might be going
up to London to the clinic. 'But I'll not be airing the family
linen for Dr. Dacre, Grisel,' she says to me. 'Not with Evelyn
engaged to his brother.' Miss Christabel put off going to a
doctor for the longest time, afraid he'd find out too much as
it was."
"And Miss Evelyn stated that she never consults
physicians."
Watson gasped. "Holmes! You don't suppose that
Evelyn Ambry is . . . is . . . well, a man?"
"I suppose so, in the strictest sense of the definition,
but the salient thing here, Watson, is that Evelyn Ambry
cannot bear children. Since she is engaged to the
possessor of an entailed estate, that is surely a matter of
concern. I fear that when Dr. James Dacre discovered the
truth of the matter, he conveyed his concerns to Evelyn
Ambry—probably at the funeral. They arranged to meet that
night to discuss the matter . . . "
"Why did he not tell his brother straight away?"
"Out of some concern for the feelings of both parties, I
should think," said Holmes. "Far better to allow the lady—
let us call her a lady still; it is too confusing to do otherwise
—to allow the lady to end it on some pretext."

Grisel Rountree nodded. "He mistook his . . . person,"
she said. "Miss Evelyn was not one to give up anything
without a fight. I'll warrant she took that weapon with her in
case the worse came to the worst."
"Not a maiden," murmured Watson. "Well, that is true
enough, I fear. But the scandal will be ruinous! Not just the
murder, but the cause . . . Poor Sir Henry! What happens
now?"
From the downs above the Old Hall the sound of a
single shot rang out, echoing in the clear summer air.
"It has already happened," said Grisel Rountree,
turning to go. "It's best if I see to the laying out myself."
"Now there's a thing," said Sherlock Holmes.

The Adventure of the
Dorset Street Lodger
by Michael Moorcock
Michael Moorcock is best known for his genreredefining swords-and-sorcery series featuring the
albino anti-hero Elric of Melniboné. Books featuring
Elric include Stormbringer, The Bane of the Black
Sword, and The Weird of the White Wolf, among many
others. Other prominent works include the Eternal
Champion series, the Warrior of Mars series, the Jerry
Cornelius series, and the Hawkmoon series.
Moorcock is a winner of numerous awards, including
several career awards, such as being named a SFWA
Grand Master and being inducted into the SF Hall of
Fame, as well as being honored with the World
Fantasy and Stoker life-time achievement awards.
Say you've just learned that a wealthy relative you
didn't even know existed recently passed away and
has left to you, his or her only living descendant, a
stately property. In fact, this doesn't happen very often,
but you wouldn't know it judging from literature,
particularly Victorian literature, where it sometimes

seems as if eighty percent of the population is blessed
with wealthy, generous, childless, and heretofore
unknown relatives. Or maybe blessed isn't exactly the
word, because properties that come to us in this
manner seem to always be mixed up with business
such as ghosts or witchcraft or ancient feuds. And how
is it that so many people are so ignorant of their own
familial relations to begin with? Perhaps back in
Victorian times families were so huge that it was
easier to misplace a few relatives here and there. Our
next tale is another in which a man is contacted by a
wealthy relative he never knew existed. In this case
though, our contactee is a wealthy man himself, and
isn't looking for any free houses to come his way
simply by dint of a few fortuitous chromosomes. No,
there are no haunted houses here, but plenty of trouble
nonetheless.
It was one of those singularly hot Septembers, when
the whole of London seemed to wilt from over-exposure to
the sun, like some vast Arctic sea-beast foundering upon a
tropical beach and doomed to die of unnatural exposure.
Where Rome or even Paris might have shimmered and
lazed, London merely gasped.
Our windows wide open to the noisy staleness of the
air and our blinds drawn against the glaring light, we lay in a
kind of torpor, Holmes stretched upon the sofa while I
dozed in my easy chair and recalled my years in India,

when such heat had been normal and our accommodation
rather better equipped to cope with it. I had been looking
forward to some fly fishing in the Yorkshire Dales but
meanwhile, a patient of mine began to experience a difficult
and potentially dangerous confinement so I could not in
conscience go far from London. However, we had both
planned to be elsewhere at this time and had confused the
estimable Mrs. Hudson, who had expected Holmes himself
to be gone.
Languidly, Holmes dropped to the floor the note he had
been reading. There was a hint of irritation in his voice
when he spoke.
"It seems, Watson, that we are about to be evicted
from our quarters. I had hoped this would not happen while
you were staying."
My friend's fondness for the dramatic statement was
familiar to me, so I hardly blinked when I asked: "Evicted,
Holmes?" I understood that his rent was, as usual, paid in
advance for the year.
"Temporarily only, Watson. You will recall that we had
both intended to be absent from London at about this time,
until circumstances dictated otherwise. On that initial
understanding, Mrs. Hudson commissioned Messrs Peach,
Peach, Peach and Praisegod to refurbish and decorate
221B. This is our notice. They begin work next week and
would be obliged if we would vacate the premises since
minor structural work is involved. We are to be homeless

for a fortnight, old friend. We must find new
accommodations, Watson, but they must not be too far
from here. You have your delicate patient and I have my
work. I must have access to my files and my microscope."
I am not a man to take readily to change. I had already
suffered several setbacks to my plans and the news,
combined with the heat, shortened my temper a little.
"Every criminal in London will be trying to take advantage of
the situation," I said. "What if a Peach or Praisegod were in
the pay of some new Moriarty?"
"Faithful Watson! That Reichenbach affair made a
deep impression. It is the one deception for which I feel
thorough remorse. Rest assured, dear friend. Moriarty is no
more and there is never likely to be another criminal mind
like his. I agree, however, that we should be able to keep
an eye on things here. There are no hotels in the area fit for
human habitation. And no friends or relatives nearby to put
us up." It was almost touching to see that master of
deduction fall into deep thought and begin to cogitate our
domestic problem with the same attention he would give to
one of his most difficult cases. It was this power of
concentration, devoted to any matter in hand, which had
first impressed me with his unique talents. At last he
snapped his fingers, grinning like a Barbary ape, his deepset eyes blazing with intelligence and self-mockery . . . "I
have it, Watson. We shall, of course, ask Mrs. Hudson if
she has a neighbour who rents rooms!"

"An excellent idea, Holmes!" I was amused by my
friend's almost innocent pleasure in discovering, if not a
solution to our dilemma, the best person to provide a
solution for us!
Recovered from my poor temper, I rose to my feet and
pulled the bellrope.
Within moments our housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, was
at the door and standing before us.
"I must say I am very sorry for the misunderstanding,
sir," she said to me. "But patients is patients, I suppose,
and your Scottish trout will have to wait a bit until you have a
chance to catch them. But as for you, Mr. Holmes, it seems
to me that hassassination or no hassassination, you could
still do with a nice seaside holiday. My sister in Hove would
look after you as thoroughly as if you were here in London."
"I do not doubt it, Mrs. Hudson. However, the
assassination of one's host is inclined to cast a pall over
the notion of vacations and while Prince Ulrich was no more
than an acquaintance and the circumstances of his death
all too clear, I feel obliged to give the matter a certain
amount of consideration. It is useful to me to have my
various analytical instruments to hand. Which brings us to a
problem I am incapable of solving—if not Hove, Mrs.
Hudson, where? Watson and I need bed and board and it
must be close by."
Clearly the good woman disapproved of Holmes's
unhealthy habits but despaired of converting him to her

cause.
She frowned to express her lack of satisfaction with his
reply and then spoke a little reluctantly. "There's my sisterin-law's over in Dorset Street, sir. Number 2, sir. I will admit
that her cookery is a little too Frenchified for my taste, but
it's a nice, clean, comfortable house with a pretty garden at
the back and she has already made the offer."
"And she is a discreet woman, is she Mrs. Hudson,
like yourself?"
"As a church, sir. My late husband used to say of his
sister that she could hold a secret better than the Pope's
confessor."
"Very well, Mrs. Hudson. It is settled! We shall decant
for Dorset Street next Friday, enabling your workman to
come in on Monday. I will arrange for certain papers and
effects to be moved over and the rest shall be secure, I am
sure, beneath a good covering. Well, Watson, what do you
say? You shall have your vacation, but it will be a little closer
to home that you planned and with rather poorer fishing!"
My friend was in such positive spirits that it was
impossible for me to retain my mood and indeed events
began to move so rapidly from that point on, that any minor
inconvenience was soon forgotten.
Our removal to Number 2, Dorset Street, went as
smoothly as could be expected and we were soon in
residence. Holmes's untidiness, such a natural part of the

man, soon gave the impression that our new chambers had
been occupied by him for at least a century. Our private
rooms had views of a garden which might have been
transported from Sussex and our front parlour looked out
onto the street, where, at the corner, it was possible to
observe customers coming and going from the opulent
pawn-brokers, often on their way to the Wheatsheaf Tavern,
whose "well-aired beds" we had rejected in favour of Mrs.
Ackroyd's somewhat luxurious appointments. A further
pleasing aspect of the house was the blooming wisteria
vine, of some age, which crept up the front of the building
and further added to the countrified aspect. I suspect some
of our comforts were not standard to all her lodgers. The
good lady, of solid Lancashire stock, was clearly delighted
at what she called "the honour" of looking after us and we
both agreed we had never experienced better attention.
She had pleasant, broad features and a practical, no
nonsense manner to her which suited us both. While I would
never have said so to either woman, her cooking was
rather a pleasant change from Mrs. Hudson's good, plain
fare.
And so we settled in. Because my patient was
experiencing a difficult progress towards motherhood, it
was important that I could be easily reached, but I chose to
spend the rest of my time as if I really were enjoying a
vacation. Indeed, Holmes himself shared something of my
determination, and we had several pleasant evenings
together, visiting the theatres and music halls for which

London is justly famed. While I had developed an interest in
the modern problem plays of Ibsen and Pinero, Holmes still
favoured the atmosphere of the Empire and the
Hippodrome, while Gilbert and Sullivan at the Savoy was
his idea of perfection. Many a night I have sat beside him,
often in the box which he preferred, glancing at his rapt
features and wondering how an intellect so high could take
such pleasure in low comedy and Cockney charactersongs.
The sunny atmosphere of 2 Dorset Street actually
seemed to lift my friend's spirits and give him a slightly
boyish air which made me remark one day that he must
have discovered the "waters of life," he was so rejuvenated.
He looked at me a little oddly when I said this and told me
to remind him to mention the discoveries he had made in
Tibet, where he had spent much time after "dying" during
his struggle with Professor Moriarty. He agreed, however,
that this change was doing him good. He was able to
continue his researches when he felt like it, but did not feel
obliged to remain at home. He even insisted that we visit
the kinema together, but the heat of the building in which it
was housed, coupled with the natural odours emanating
from our fellow customers, drove us into the fresh air before
the show was over. Holmes showed little real interest in the
invention. He was inclined to recognize progress only
where it touched directly upon his own profession. He told
me that he believed the kinema had no relevance to
criminology, unless it could be used in the reconstruction of

an offence and thus help lead to the capture of a
perpetrator.
We were returning in the early evening to our
temporary lodgings, having watched the kinema show at
Madame Tussaud's in Marylebone Road, when Holmes
became suddenly alert, pointing his stick ahead of him and
saying in that urgent murmur I knew so well, "What do you
make of this fellow, Watson? The one with the brand new
top hat, the red whiskers and a borrowed morning coat who
recently arrived from the United States but has just returned
from the north-western suburbs where he made an
assignation he might now be regretting?"
I chuckled at this. "Come off it, Holmes!" I declared. "I
can see a chap in a topper lugging a heavy bag, but how
you could say he was from the United States and so on, I
have no idea. I believe you're making it up, old man."
"Certainly not, my dear Watson! Surely you have
noticed that the morning coat is actually beginning to part
on the back seam and is therefore too small for the wearer.
The most likely explanation is that he borrowed a coat for
the purpose of making a particular visit. The hat is
obviously purchased recently for the same reason while the
man's boots have the 'gaucho' heel characteristic of the
South Western United States, a style found only in that
region and adapted, of course, from a Spanish riding boot.
I have made a study of human heels, Watson, as well as of
human souls!"

We kept an even distance behind the subject of our
discussion. The traffic along Baker Street was at its
heaviest, full of noisy carriages, snorting horses, yelling
drivers and all of London's varied humanity pressing its way
homeward, desperate to find some means of cooling its
collective body. Our "quarry" had periodically to stop and
put down his bag, occasionally changing hands before
continuing.
"But why do you say he arrived recently? And has been
visiting north-west London?" I asked.
"That, Watson, is elementary. If you think for a moment,
it will come clear to you that our friend is wealthy enough to
afford the best in hats and Gladstone bags, yet wears a
morning coat too small for him. It suggests he came with
little luggage, or perhaps his luggage was stolen, and had
no time to visit a tailor. Or he went to one of the readymade places and took the nearest fit. Thus, the new bag,
also, which he no doubt bought to carry the object he has
just acquired. That he did not realize how heavy it was is
clear and I am sure if he were not staying nearby, he would
have hired a cab for himself. He could well be regretting his
acquisition. Perhaps it was something very costly, but not
exactly what he was expecting to get . . . He certainly did
not realize how awkward it would be to carry, especially in
this weather. That suggests to me that he believed he could
walk from Baker Street Underground Railway station, which
in turn suggests he has been visiting north-west London,

which is the chiefly served from Baker Street."
It was rarely that I questioned my friend's judgments,
but privately I found this one too fanciful. I was a little
surprised, therefore, when I saw the top-hatted gentleman
turn left into Dorset Street and disappear. Holmes
immediately increased his pace. "Quickly, Watson! I
believe I know where he's going."
Rounding the corner, we were just in time to see the
American arrive at the door of Number 2 Dorset Street, and
put a latch-key to the lock!
"Well, Watson," said Holmes in some triumph. "Shall
we attempt to verify my analysis?" Whereupon he strode up
to our fellow lodger, raised his hat and offered to help him
with the bag.
The man reacted rather dramatically, falling backwards
against the railings and almost knocking his own hat over
his eyes. He glared at Holmes, panting, and then with a
wordless growl, pushed on into the front hall, lugging the
heavy Gladstone behind him and slamming the door in my
friend's face. Holmes lifted his eyebrows in an expression
of baffled amusement. "No doubt the efforts with the bag
have put the gentleman in poor temper, Watson!"
Once within, we were in time to see the man, hat still
precariously on his head, heaving his bag up the stairs. The
thing had come undone and I caught a glimpse of silver, the
gleam of gold, the representation, I thought, of a tiny human

hand. When he recognized us he stopped in some
confusion, then murmured in a dramatic tone:
"Be warned, gentleman. I possess a revolver and I
know how to use it."
Holmes accepted this news gravely and informed the
man that while he understood an exchange of pistol fire to
be something in the nature of an introductory courtesy in
Texas, in England it was still considered unnecessary to
support one's cause by letting off guns in the house. This I
found a little like hypocrisy from one given to target practice
in the parlour!
However, our fellow lodger looked suitably
embarrassed and began to recover himself. "Forgive me,
gentlemen," he said. "I am a stranger here and I must admit
I'm rather confused as to who my friends and enemies are. I
have been warned to be careful. How did you get in?"
"With a key, as you did, my dear sir. Doctor Watson
and myself are guests here for a few weeks."
"Doctor Watson!" The man's voice established him
immediately as an American. The drawling brogue
identified him as a South Westerner and I trusted Holmes's
ear enough to believe that he must be Texan.
"I am he." I was mystified by his evident enthusiasm
but illuminated when he turned his attention to my
companion.
"Then you must be Mr. Sherlock Holmes! Oh, my good
sir, forgive me my bad manners! I am a great admirer,

gentlemen. I have followed all your cases. You are, in part,
the reason I took rooms near Baker Street. Unfortunately,
when I called at your house yesterday, I found it occupied by
contractors who could not tell me where you were. Time
being short, I was forced to act on my own account. And I
fear I have not been too successful! I had no idea that you
were lodging in this very building!"
"Our landlady," said Holmes dryly, "is renowned for her
discretion. I doubt if her pet cat has heard our names in this
house."
The American was about thirty-five years old, his skin
turned dark by the sun, with a shock of red hair, a full red
moustache and a heavy jaw. If it were not for his intelligent
green eyes and delicate hands, I might have mistaken him
for an Irish prize fighter. "I'm James Macklesworth, sir, of
Galveston, Texas. I'm in the import/export business over
there. We ship upriver all the way to Austin, our State
Capital, and have a good reputation for honest trading. My
grandfather fought to establish our Republic and was the
first to take a steam-boat up the Colorado to trade with Port
Sabatini and the river-towns." In the manner of Americans,
he offered us a resume of his background, life and times,
even as we shook hands. It is a custom necessary in those
wild and still largely unsettled regions of the United States.
Holmes was cordial, as if scenting a mystery to his
taste, and invited the Texan to join us in an hour, when, over
a whiskey and soda, we could discuss his business in

comfort.
Mr. Macklesworth accepted with alacrity and promised
that he would bring with him the contents of his bag and a
full explanation of his recent behaviour.
Before James Macklesworth arrived, I asked Holmes if
he had any impression of the man. I saw him as an honest
enough fellow, perhaps a business man who had got in too
deep and wanted Sherlock Holmes to help him out. If that
were all he required of my friend, I was certain Holmes
would refuse the case. On the other hand, there was every
chance that this was an unusual affair.
Holmes said that he found the man interesting and, he
believed, honest. But he could not be sure, as yet, if he
were the dupe of some clever villain or acting out of
character. "For my guess is there is definitely a crime
involved here, Watson, and I would guess a pretty devilish
one. You have no doubt heard of the Fellini Perseus."
"Who has not? It is said to be Fellini's finest work—
cast of solid silver and chased with gold. It represents
Perseus with the head of Medusa, which itself is made of
sapphires, emeralds, rubies and pearls."
"Your memory as always is excellent, Watson. For
many years it was the prize in the collection of Sir Geoffrey
Macklesworth, son of the famous Iron Master said to be the
richest man in England. Sir Geoffrey, I gather, died one of
the poorest. He was fond of art but did not understand

money. This made him, I understand, prey to many kinds of
social vampires! In his younger years he was involved with
the aesthetic movement, a friend of Whistler's and Wilde's.
In fact Wilde was, for a while, a good friend to him,
attempting to dissuade him from some of his more
spectacular blue and white excesses!"
"Macklesworth!" I exclaimed.
"Exactly, Watson." Holmes paused to light his pipe,
staring down into the street where the daily business of
London continued its familiar and unspectacular round.
"The thing was stolen about ten years ago. A daring
robbery which I, at the time, ascribed to Moriarty. There
was every indication it had been spirited from the country
and sold abroad. Yet I recognized it—or else a very fine
copy—in that bag James Macklesworth was carrying up the
stairs. He would have read of the affair, I'm sure, especially
considering his name. Therefore he must have known the
Fellini statue was stolen. Yet clearly he went somewhere
today and returned here with it. Why? He's no thief, Watson,
I'd stake my life on it."
"Let us hope he intends to illuminate us," I said as a
knock came at our door.
Mr. James Macklesworth was a changed man. Bathed
and dressed in his own clothes, he appeared far more
confident and at ease. His suit was of a kind favoured in his
part of the world, with a distinctly Spanish cut to it, and he

wore a flowing tie beneath the wings of a wide-collared soft
shirt, a dark red waistcoat and pointed oxblood boots. He
looked every inch the romantic frontiersman.
He began by apologizing for his costume. He had not
realized, he said, until he arrived in London yesterday, that
his dress was unusual and remarkable in England. We both
assured him that his sartorial appearance was in no way
offensive to us. Indeed, we found it attractive.
"But it marks me pretty well for who I am, is that not so,
gentlemen?"
We agreed that in Oxford Street there would not be a
great many people dressed in his fashion.
"That's why I bought the English clothes," he said. "I
wanted to fit in and not be noticed. The top hat was too big
and the morning coat was too small. The trousers were the
only thing the right size. The bag was the largest of its
shape I could find."
"So, suitably attired, as you thought, you took the
Metropolitan Railway this morning to—?"
"To Willesden, Mr. Holmes. Hey! How did you know
that? Have you been following me all day?"
"Certainly not, Mr. Macklesworth. And in Willesden you
took possession of the Fellini Perseus did you not?"
"You know everything ahead of me telling it, Mr.
Holmes! I need speak no more. Your reputation is
thoroughly deserved, sir. If I were not a rational man, I would
believe you possessed of psychic powers!"

"Simple deductions, Mr. Macklesworth. One develops
a skill, you know. But it might take a longer acquaintance
for me to deduce how you came to cross some six
thousand miles of land and sea to arrive in London, go
straight to Willesden and come away with one of the finest
pieces of Renaissance silver the world has ever seen. All in
a day, too."
"I can assure you, Mr. Holmes, that such adventuring is
not familiar to me. Until a few months ago I was the owner
of a successful shipping and wholesaling business. My wife
died several years ago and I never remarried. My children
are all grown now and married, living far from Texas. I was
a little lonely, I suppose, but reasonably content. That all
changed, as you have guessed, when the Fellini Perseus
came into my life."
"You received word of it in Texas, Mr. Macklesworth?"
"Well, sir, it's an odd thing. Embarrassing, too. But I
guess I'm going to have to be square with you and come
out with it. The gentleman from whom the Perseus was
stolen was a cousin of mine. We'd corresponded a little. In
the course of that correspondence he revealed a secret
which has now become a burden to me. I was his only living
male relative, you see, and he had family business to do.
There was another cousin, he thought in New Orleans, but
he had yet to be found. Well, gentlemen, the long and the
short of it was that I swore on my honour to carry out Sir
Geoffrey's instructions in the event of something happening

to him or to the Fellini Perseus. His instructions led me to
take a train for New York and from New York the Arcadia
for London. I arrived yesterday afternoon."
"So you came all this way, Mr. Macklesworth, on a
matter of honour?" I was somewhat impressed.
"You could say so, sir. We set high store by family
loyalty in my part of the world. Sir Geoffrey's estate, as you
know, went to pay his debts. But that part of my trip has to
do with a private matter. My reason for seeking you out was
connected with it. I believe Sir Geoffrey was murdered, Mr.
Holmes. Someone was blackmailing him and he spoke of
'financial commitments.' His letters increasingly showed his
anxiety and were often rather rambling accounts of his fears
that there should be nothing left for his heirs. I told him he
had no direct heirs and he might as well reconcile himself
to that. He did not seem to take in what I said. He begged
me to help him. And he begged me to be discreet. I
promised. One of the last letters I had from him told me that
if I ever heard news of his death, I must immediately sail for
England and upon arriving take a good sized bag to 18
Dahlia Gardens, Willesden Green, North West London, and
supply proof of my identity, whereupon I would take
responsibility for the object most precious to the
Macklesworths. Whereupon I must return to Galveston with
all possible speed. Moreover I must swear to keep the
object identified with the family name forever.
"This I swore and only a couple of months later I read in

the Galveston paper the news of the robbery. Not long after,
there followed an account of poor Sir Geoffrey's suicide.
There was nothing else I could do, Mr. Holmes, but follow
his instructions, as I had sworn I would. However I became
convinced that Sir Geoffrey had scarcely been in his right
mind at the end. I suspected he feared nothing less than
murder. He spoke of people who would go to any lengths to
possess the Fellini Silver. He did not care that the rest of
his estate was mortgaged to the hilt or that he would die,
effectively, a pauper. The Silver was of overweening
importance. That is why I suspect the robbery and his
murder are connected."
"But the verdict was suicide," I said. "A note was
found. The coroner was satisfied."
"The note was covered in blood was it not?" Holmes
murmured from where he sat lounging back in his chair, his
finger tips together upon his chin.
"I gather that was the case, Mr. Holmes. But since no
foul play was suspected, no investigation was made."
"I see. Pray continue, Mr. Macklesworth."
"Well, gentlemen, I've little to add. All I have is a
nagging suspicion that something is wrong. I do not wish to
be party to a crime, nor to hold back information of use to
the police, but I am honour-bound to fulfil my pledge to my
cousin. I came to you not necessarily to ask you to solve a
crime, but to put my mind at rest if no crime were
committed."

"A crime has already been committed, if Sir Geoffrey
announced a burglary that did not happen. But it is not
much of one, I'd agree. What did you want of us in
particular, Mr. Macklesworth?"
"I was hoping you or Dr Watson might accompany me
to the address—for a variety of obvious reasons. I am a
law-abiding man, Mr. Holmes and wish to remain so. There
again, considerations of honour . . . "
"Quite so," interrupted Holmes. "Now, Mr.
Macklesworth, tell us what you found at 18 Dahlia Gardens,
Willesden!"
"Well, it was a rather dingy house of a kind I'm
completely unfamiliar with. All crowded along a little road
about a quarter of a mile from the station. Not at all what I'd
expected. Number 18 was dingier than the rest—a poor
sort of a place altogether, with peeling paint, an overgrown
yard, bulging garbage cans and all the kind of thing you
expect to see in East Side New York, not in a suburb of
London.
"All this notwithstanding, I found the dirty knocker and
hammered upon the door until it was opened by a
surprisingly attractive woman of what I should describe as
the octoroon persuasion. A large woman, too, with long but
surprisingly well-manicured hands. Indeed, she was
impeccable in her appearance, in distinct contrast to her
surroundings. She was expecting me. Her name was Mrs.
Gallibasta. I knew the name at once. Sir Geoffrey had often

spoken of her, in terms of considerable affection and trust.
She had been, she told me, Sir Geoffrey's housekeeper.
He had enjoined her, before he died, to perform this last
loyal deed for him. She handed me a note he had written to
that effect. Here it is, Mr. Holmes."
He reached across and gave it to my friend who
studied it carefully. "You recognize the writing, of course?"
The American was in no doubt. "It is in the flowing,
slightly erratic, masculine hand I recognize. As you can see,
the note says that I must accept the family heirloom from
Mrs. Gallibasta and, in all secrecy, transport it to America,
where it must remain in my charge until such time as the
other 'missing' Macklesworth cousin was found. If he had
male heirs, it must be passed on to one of them at my
discretion. If no male heir can be found, it should be passed
on to one of my daughters—I have no living sons—on
condition that they add the Macklesworth name to their
own. I understand, Mr. Holmes, that to some extent I am
betraying my trust. But I know so little of English society and
customs. I have a strong sense of family and did not know I
was related to such an illustrious line until Sir Geoffrey
wrote and told me. Although we only corresponded, I feel
obliged to carry out his last wishes. However, I am not so
foolish as to believe I know exactly what I am doing and
require guidance. I want to assure myself that no foul play
has been involved and I know that, of all the men in
England, you will not betray my secret."

"I am flattered by your presumption, Mr. Macklesworth.
Pray, could you tell me the date of the last letter you
received from Sir Geoffrey?"
"It was undated, but I remember the post mark. It was
the fifteenth day of June of this year."
"I see. And the date of Sir Geoffrey's death?"
"The thirteenth. I supposed him to have posted the
letter before his death but it was not collected until
afterward."
"A reasonable assumption. And you are very familiar,
you say, with Sir Geoffrey's hand-writing."
"We corresponded for several years, Mr. Holmes. The
hand is identical. No forger, no matter how clever, could
manage those idiosyncrasies, those unpredictable lapses
into barely readable words. But usually his hand was a fine,
bold, idiosyncratic one. It was not a forgery, Mr. Holmes.
And neither was the note he left with his housekeeper."
"But you never met Sir Geoffrey?"
"Sadly, no. He spoke sometimes of coming out to
ranch in Texas, but I believe other concerns took up his
attention.
"Indeed, I knew him slightly some years ago, when we
belonged to the same club. An artistic type, fond of
Japanese prints and Scottish furniture. An affable, absentminded fellow, rather retiring. Of a markedly gentle
disposition. Too good for this world, as we used to say."
"When would that have been, Mr. Holmes?" Our visitor

leaned forward, showing considerable curiosity.
"Oh, about twenty years ago, when I was just starting in
practice. I was able to provide some evidence in a case
concerning a young friend of his who had got himself into
trouble. He was gracious enough to believe I had been able
to turn a good man back to a better path. I recall that he
frequently showed genuine concern for the fate of his fellow
creatures. He remained a confirmed bachelor, I
understand. I was sorry to hear of the robbery. And then the
poor man killed himself. I was a little surprised, but no foul
play was suspected and I was involved in some rather
difficult problems at the time. A kindly sort of old-fashioned
gentleman. The patron of many a destitute young artist. It
was art, I gather, which largely reduced his fortune."
"He did not speak much of art to me, Mr. Holmes. I fear
he had changed considerably over the intervening years.
The man I knew became increasingly nervous and given to
what seemed somewhat irrational anxieties. It was to quell
these anxieties that I agreed to carry out his request. I was,
after all, the last of the Macklesworth and obliged to accept
certain responsibilities. I was honoured, Mr. Holmes, by the
responsibility, but disturbed by what was asked of me."
"You are clearly a man of profound common sense, Mr.
Macklesworth, as well as a man of honour. I sympathize
entirely with your predicament. You were right to come to us
and we shall do all we can to help!"
The relief of the American's face was considerable.

"Thank you, Mr. Holmes. Thank you, Doctor Watson. I feel I
can now act with some coherence."
"Sir Geoffrey had already mentioned his housekeeper,
I take it?"
"He had sir, in nothing less than glowing terms. She
had come to him about five years ago and had worked
hard to try to put his affairs in order. If it were not for her, he
said, he would have faced the bankruptcy court earlier.
Indeed, he spoke so warmly of her that I will admit to the
passing thought that—well, sir, that they were . . . "
"I take your meaning, Mr. Macklesworth. It might also
explain why your cousin never married. No doubt the class
differences were insurmountable, if what we suspect were
the case."
"I have no wish to impugn the name of my relative, Mr.
Holmes."
"But we must look realistically at the problem, I think."
Holmes gestured with his long hand. "I wonder if we might
be permitted to see the statue you picked up today?"
"Certainly, sir. I fear the newspaper in which it was
wrapped has come loose here and there—"
"Which is how I recognized the Fellini workmanship,"
said Holmes, his face becoming almost rapturous as the
extraordinary figure was revealed. He reached to run his
fingers over musculature which might have been living flesh
in miniature, it was so perfect. The silver itself was vibrant
with some inner energy and the gold chasing, the precious

stones, all served to give the most wonderful impression of
Perseus, a bloody sword in one hand, his shield on his arm,
holding up the snake-crowned head which glared at us
through sapphire eyes and threatened to turn us to stone!
"It is obvious why Sir Geoffrey, whose taste was so
refined, would have wished this to remain in the family," I
said. "Now I understand why he became so obsessed
towards the end. Yet I would have thought he might have
willed it to a museum—or made a bequest—rather than go
to such elaborate lengths to preserve it. It's something
which the public deserves to see."
"I agree with you completely, sir. That is why I intend to
have a special display room built for it in Galveston. But
until that time, I was warned by both Sir Geoffrey and by
Mrs. Gallibasta, that news of its existence would bring
immense problems—not so much from the police as from
the other thieves who covet what is, perhaps, the world's
finest single example of Florentine Renaissance silver. It
must be worth thousands!
"I intend to insure it for a million dollars, when I get
home," volunteered the Texan.
"Perhaps you would entrust the sculpture with us for the
night and until tomorrow evening?" Holmes asked our
visitor.
"Well, sir, as you know I am supposed to take the
Arcadia back to New York. She sails tomorrow evening
from Tilbury. She's one of the few steamers of her class

leaving from London. If I delay, I shall have to go back via
Liverpool."
"But you are prepared to do so, if necessary?"
"I cannot leave without the Silver, Mr. Holmes.
Therefore, while it remains in your possession, I shall have
to stay." John Macklesworth offered us a brief smile and the
suggestion of a wink. "Besides, I have to say that the
mystery of my cousin's death is of rather more concern than
the mystery of his last wishes."
"Excellent, Mr. Macklesworth. I see we are of like mind.
It will be a pleasure to put whatever talents I possess at your
disposal. Sir Geoffrey resided, as I recall, in Oxfordshire."
"About ten miles from Oxford itself, he said. Near a
pleasant little market town called Witney. The house is
known as Cogges Old Manor and it was once the centre of
a good-sized estate, including a working farm. But the land
was sold and now only the house and grounds remain.
They, too, of course, are up for sale by my cousin's
creditors. Mrs. Gallibasta said that she did not believe it
would be long before someone bought the place. The
nearest hamlet is High Cogges. The nearest railway station
is at South Leigh, about a mile distant. I know the place as
if it were my own, Mr. Holmes, Sir Geoffrey's descriptions
were so vivid."
"Indeed! Did you, by the by, contact him originally?"
"No, sir! Sir Geoffrey had an interest in heraldry and
lineage. In attempting to trace the descendants of Sir

Robert Macklesworth, our mutual great-grandfather, he
came across my name and wrote to me. Until that time I
had no idea I was so closely related to the English
aristocracy! For a while Sir Geoffrey spoke of my inheriting
the title—but I am a convinced republican. We don't go
much for titles and such in Texas—not unless they are
earned!"
"You told him you were not interested in inheriting the
title?"
"I had no wish to inherit anything, sir." John
Macklesworth rose to leave. "I merely enjoyed the
correspondence. I became concerned when his letters
grew increasingly more anxious and rambling and he
began to speak of suicide."
"Yet still you suspect murder?"
"I do, sir. Put it down to an instinct for the truth—or an
overwrought imagination. It is up to you!"
"I suspect it is the former, Mr. Macklesworth. I shall see
you here again tomorrow evening. Until then, goodnight."
We shook hands.
"Goodnight, gentlemen. I shall sleep easy tonight, for
the first time in months." And with that our Texan visitor
departed.
"What do you make of it, Watson?" Holmes asked, as
he reached for his long-stemmed clay pipe and filled it with
tobacco from the slipper he had brought with him. "Do you

think our Mr. Macklesworth is 'the real article' as his
compatriots would say?"
"I was very favourably impressed, Holmes. But I do
believe he has been duped into involving himself in an
adventure which, if he obeyed his own honest instincts, he
would never have considered. I do not believe that Sir
Geoffrey was everything he claimed to be. Perhaps he was
when you knew him, Holmes, but since then he has clearly
degenerated. He keeps an octoroon mistress, gets heavily
into debt and then plans to steal his own treasure in order
to preserve it from creditors. He involves our decent Texan
friend, conjuring up family ties and knowing how important
such things are to Southerners. Then, I surmise, he
conspires with his housekeeper to fake his own death."
"And gives his treasure up to his cousin? Why would
he do that, Watson?"
"He's using Macklesworth to transport it to America,
where he plans to sell it."
"Because he doesn't want to be identified with it, or
caught with it. Whereas Mr. Macklesworth is so manifestly
innocent he is the perfect one to carry the Silver to
Galveston. Well, Watson, it's not a bad theory and I suspect
much of it is relevant."
"But you know something else?"
"Just a feeling, really. I believe that Sir Geoffrey is
dead. I read the coroner's report. He blew his brains out,
Watson. That was why there was so much blood on the

suicide note. If he planned a crime, he did not live to
complete it."
"So the housekeeper decided to continue with the
plan?"
"There's only one flaw there, Watson. Sir Geoffrey
appears to have anticipated his own suicide and left
instructions with her. Mr. Macklesworth identified the
handwriting. I read the note myself. Mr. Macklesworth has
corresponded with Sir Geoffrey for years. He confirmed
that the note was clearly Sir Geoffrey's."
"So the housekeeper is also innocent. We must look
for a third party."
"We must take an expedition into the countryside,
Watson." Holmes was already consulting his Bradshaw's.
"There's a train from Paddington in the morning which will
involve a change at Oxford and will get us to South Leigh
before lunch. Can your patient resist the lure of motherhood
for another day or so, Watson?"
"Happily there's every indication that she is
determined to enjoy an elephantine confinement."
"Good, then tomorrow we shall please Mrs. Hudson by
sampling the fresh air and simple fare of the English
countryside."
And with that my friend, who was in high spirits at the
prospect of setting that fine mind to something worthy of it,
sat back in his chair, took a deep draft of his pipe, and
closed his eyes.

We could not have picked a better day for our
expedition. While still warm, the air had a balmy quality to it
and even before we had reached Oxford we could smell the
delicious richness of an early English autumn. Everywhere
the corn had been harvested and the hedgerows were full
of colour. Thatch and slate slid past our window which
looked out to what was best in an England whose people
had built to the natural roll of the land and planted with an
instinctive eye for beauty as well as practicality. This was
what I had missed in Afghanistan and what Holmes had
missed in Tibet, when he had learned so many things at the
feet of the High Lama himself. Nothing ever compensated,
in my opinion, for the wealth and variety of the typical
English country landscape.
In no time we were at South Leigh station and able to
hire a pony-cart with which to drive ourselves up the road to
High Cogges. We made our way through winding lanes,
between tall hedges, enjoying the sultry tranquillity of a day
whose silence was broken only by the sound of bird-song
and the occasional lowing of a cow.
We drove through the hamlet, which was served by a
Norman church and a grocer's shop which also acted as
the local post office. High Cogges itself was reached by a
rough lane, little more than a farm track leading past some
picturesque farm cottages with thatched roofs, which
seemed to have been there since the beginning of time and

were thickly covered with roses and honeysuckle, a rather
vulgar modern house whose owner had made a number of
hideous additions in the popular taste of the day, a
farmhouse and outbuildings of the warm, local stone which
seemed to have grown from out of the landscape as
naturally as the spinney and orchard behind it, and then we
had arrived at the locked gates of Cogges Old Manor
which bore an air of neglect. It seemed to me that it had
been many years since the place had been properly cared
for.
True to form, my friend began exploring and had soon
discovered a gap in a wall through which we could squeeze
in order to explore the grounds. These were little more than
a good-sized lawn, some shrubberies and dilapidated
greenhouses, an abandoned stables, various other sheds,
and a workshop which was in surprisingly neat order. This,
Holmes told me, was where Sir Geoffrey had died. It had
been thoroughly cleaned. He had placed his gun in a vice
and shot himself through the mouth. At the inquest, his
housekeeper, who had clearly been devoted to him, had
spoken of his money worries, his fears that he had
dishonoured the family name. The scrawled note had been
soaked in blood and only partially legible, but it was clearly
his.
"There was no hint of foul play, you see, Watson.
Everyone knew that Sir Geoffrey led the Bohemian life until
he settled here. He had squandered the family fortune,
largely on artists and their work. No doubt some of his

many modern canvasses would become valuable, at least
to someone, but at present the artists he had patronized
had yet to realize any material value. I have the impression
that half the denizens of the Cafe Royal depended on the
Macklesworth millions until they finally dried up. I also
believe that Sir Geoffrey was either distracted in his last
years, or depressed. Possibly both. I think we must make
an effort to interview Mrs. Gallibasta. First, however, let's
visit the post office—the source of all wisdom in these little
communities."
The post office-general store was a converted
thatched cottage, with a white picket fence and a display of
early September flowers which would not have been out of
place in a painting. Within the cool shade of the shop, full of
every possible item a local person might require, from
books to boiled sweets, we were greeted by the
proprietress whose name over her doorway we had already
noted.
Mrs. Beck was a plump, pink woman in plain prints
and a starched pinafore, with humorous eyes and a slight
pursing of the mouth which suggested a conflict between a
natural warmth and a slightly censorious temperament.
Indeed, this is exactly what we discovered. She had known
both Sir Geoffrey and Mrs. Gallibasta. She had been on
good terms with a number of the servants, she said,
although one by one they had left and had not been
replaced.

"There was talk, gentlemen, that the poor gentlemen
was next to destitute and couldn't afford new servants. But
he was never behind with the wages and those who worked
for him were loyal enough. Especially his housekeeper.
She had an odd, distant sort of air, but there's no question
she looked after him well and since his prospects were
already known, she didn't seem to be hanging around
waiting for his money."
"Yet you were not fond of the woman?" murmured
Holmes, his eyes studying an advertisement for toffee.
"I will admit that I found her a little strange, sir. She was
a foreign woman, Spanish I think. It wasn't her gypsy looks
that bothered me, but I never could get on with her. She was
always very polite and pleasant in her conversation. I saw
her almost every day, too—though never in church. She'd
come in here to pick up whatever small necessities they
needed. She always paid cash and never asked for credit.
Though I had no love for her, it seemed that she was
supporting Sir Geoffrey, not the other way around. Some
said she had a temper to her and that once she had taken
a rake to an under-footman, but I saw no evidence of it.
She'd spend a few minutes chatting with me, sometimes
purchase a newspaper, collect whatever mail there was
and walk back up the lane to the manor. Rain or shine, sir,
she'd be here. A big, healthy woman she was. She'd joke
about what a handful it all was, him and the estate, but she
didn't seem to mind. I only knew one odd thing about her.

When she was sick, no matter how sick she became, she
always refused a doctor. She had a blind terror of the
medical profession, sir. The very suggestion of calling
Doctor Shapiro would send her into screaming insistence
that she needed no 'sawbones.' Otherwise, she was what
Sir Geoffrey needed, him being so gentle and strange and
with his head in the clouds. He was like that since a boy."
"But given to irrational fears and notions, I gather?"
"Not so far as I ever observed, sir. He never seemed
to change. She was the funny one. Though he stayed at the
house for the past several years and I only saw him
occasionally. But when I did he was his usual sunny self."
"That's most interesting, Mrs. Beck. I am grateful to
you. I think I will have a quarter-pound of your best
bullseyes, if you please. Oh, I forgot to ask. Do you
remember Sir Geoffrey receiving any letters from
America?"
"Oh, yes, sir. Frequently. He looked forward to them,
she said. I remember the envelope and the stamps. It was
almost his only regular correspondent."
"And Sir Geoffrey sent his replies from here?"
"I wouldn't know that, sir. The mail's collected from a
pillar-box near the station. You'll see it, if you're going back
that way."
"Mrs. Gallibasta, I believe, has left the neighbourhood."
"Not two weeks since, sir. My son carried her boxes to
the station for her. She took all her things. He mentioned

how heavy her luggage was. He said if he hadn't attended
Sir Geoffrey's service at St James's himself he'd have
thought she had him in her trunk. If you'll pardon the levity,
sir."
"I am greatly obliged to you, Mrs. Beck." The detective
lifted his hat and bowed. I recognized Holmes's brisk,
excited mood. He was on a trail now and had scented
some form of quarry. As we left, he murmured: "I must go
round to 221B as soon as we get back and look in my early
files."
As I drove the dog-cart back to the station, Holmes
scarcely spoke a further word. He was lost in thought all the
way back to London. I was used to my friend's moods and
habits and was content to let that brilliant mind exercise
itself while I gave myself up to the world's concerns in the
morning's Telegraph.
Mr. Macklesworth joined us for tea that afternoon. Mrs.
Ackroyd had outdone herself with smoked salmon and
cucumber sandwiches, small savouries, scones and cakes.
The tea was my favourite Darjeeling, whose delicate flavour
is best appreciated at that time in the afternoon, and even
Holmes remarked that we might be guests at Sinclair's or
the Grosvenor.
Our ritual was overseen by the splendid Fellini Silver
which, perhaps to catch the best of the light, Holmes had
placed in our sitting-room window, looking out to the street.

It was as if we ate our tea in the presence of an angel. Mr.
Macklesworth balanced his plate on his knee wearing an
expression of delight. "I have heard of this ceremony,
gentlemen, but never expected to be taking part in a High
Tea with Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson!"
"Indeed, you are doing no such thing, sir," Holmes said
gently. "It is a common misconception, I gather, among our
American cousins that High- and Afternoon-tea are the
same thing. They are very different meals, taken at quite
different times. High Tea was in my day only eaten at
certain seats of learning, and was a hot, early supper. The
same kind of supper, served in a nursery, has of late been
known as High Tea. Afternoon-tea, which consists of a
conventional cold sandwich selection, sometimes with
scones, clotted cream and strawberry jam, is eaten by
adults, generally at four o'clock. High Tea, by and large, is
eaten by children at six o'clock. The sausage was always
very evident at such meals when I was young." Holmes
appeared to shudder subtly.
"I stand corrected and instructed, sir," said the Texan
jovially, and waved a delicate sandwich by way of
emphasis. Whereupon all three of us broke into laughter—
Holmes at his own pedantry and Mr. Macklesworth almost
by way of relief from the weighty matters on his mind.
"Did you discover any clues to the mystery in High
Cogges?" our guest wished to know.
"Oh, indeed, Mr. Macklesworth," said Holmes, "I have

one or two things to verify, but think the case is solved." He
chuckled again, this time at the expression of delighted
astonishment on the American's face.
"Solved, Mr. Holmes?"
"Solved, Mr. Macklesworth, but not proven. Doctor
Watson, as usual, contributed greatly to my deductions. It
was you, Watson, who suggested the motive for involving
this gentleman in what, I believe, was a frightful and utterly
cold-blooded crime."
"So I was right, Mr. Holmes! Sir Geoffrey was
murdered!"
"Murdered or driven to self-murder, Mr. Macklesworth,
it is scarcely material."
"You know the culprit, sir?
"I believe I do. Pray, Mr. Macklesworth," now Holmes
pulled a piece of yellowed paper from an inner pocket,
"would you look at this? I took it from my files on the way
here and apologize for its somewhat dusty condition."
Frowning slightly, the Texan accepted the folded paper
and then scratched his head in some puzzlement, reading
aloud. "My dear Holmes, Thank you so much for your
generous assistance in the recent business concerning my
young painter friend . . . Needless to say, I remain
permanently in your debt. Yours very sincerely . . . " He
looked up in some confusion. "The notepaper is unfamiliar
to me, Mr. Holmes. Doubtless the Athenaeum is one of your
clubs. But the signature is false."

"I had an idea you might determine that, sir," said
Holmes, taking the paper from our guest. Far from being
discommoded by the information, he seemed satisfied by
it. I wondered how far back the roots of this crime were to
be found. "Now, before I explain further, I feel a need to
demonstrate something. I wonder if you would be good
enough to write a note to Mrs. Gallibasta in Willesden. I
would like you to tell her that you have changed your mind
about returning to the United States and have decided to
live in England for a time. Meanwhile, you intend to place
the Fellini Silver in a bank vault until you go back to the
United States, whereupon you are considering taking legal
advice as to what to do with the statue."
"If I did that, Mr. Holmes, I would not be honouring my
vow to my cousin. And I would be telling a lie to a lady."
"Believe me, Mr. Macklesworth, if I assure you, with all
emphasis, that you will not be breaking a promise to your
cousin and you will not be telling a lie to a lady. Indeed, you
will be doing Sir Geoffrey Macklesworth and, I hope, both
our great nations, an important service if you follow my
instructions."
"Very well, Mr. Holmes," said Macklesworth, firming
his jaw and adopting a serious expression, "if that's your
word, I'm ready to go along with whatever you ask."
"Good man, Macklesworth!" Sherlock Holmes's lips
were drawn back a little from his teeth, rather like a wolf
which sees its prey finally become vulnerable. "By the by,

have you ever heard in your country of a creature known as
'Little Peter' or sometimes 'French Pete'?"
"Certainly I have. He was a popular subject in the
sensational press and remains so to this day. He operated
out of New Orleans about a decade ago. Jean 'Petit Pierre'
Fromental. An entertainer of some sort. He was part
Arcadian and, some said, part Cree. A powerful,
handsome man. He was famous for a series of particularly
vicious murders of well-known dignitaries in the private
rooms of those establishments for which Picayune is
famous. A woman accomplice was also involved. She was
said to have lured the men to their deaths. Fromental was
captured eventually but the woman was never arrested.
Some believe it was she who helped him escape when he
did. As I remember, Mr. Holmes, Fromental was never
caught. Was there not some evidence that he, in turn, had
been murdered by a woman? Do you think Fromental and
Sir Geoffrey were both victims of the same murderess?"
"In a sense, Mr. Macklesworth. As I said, I am reluctant
to give you my whole theory until I have put some of it to the
test. But none of this is the work of a woman, that I can
assure you. Will you do as I say?"
"Count on me, Mr. Holmes. I will compose the telegram
now."
When Mr. Macklesworth had left our rooms, I turned to
Holmes, hoping for a little further illumination, but he was
nursing his solution to him as if it were a favourite child. The

expression on his face was extremely irritating to me.
"Come, Holmes, this won't do! You say I helped solve the
problem, yet you'll give me no hint as to the solution. Mrs.
Gallibasta is not the murderess, yet you say a murder is
most likely involved. My theory—that Sir Geoffrey had the
Silver spirited away and then killed himself so that he would
not be committing a crime, as he would if he had been
bankrupted—seems to confirm this. His handwriting has
identified him as the author of letters claiming Mr.
Macklesworth as a relative—Macklesworth had nothing to
do with that—and then suddenly you speak of some
Louisiana desperado known as 'Little Pierre,' who seems
to be your main suspect until Mr. Macklesworth revealed
that he was dead."
"I agree with you, Watson, that it seems very confusing.
I hope for illumination tonight. Do you have your revolver
with you, old friend?"
"I am not in the habit of carrying a gun about, Holmes."
At this, Sherlock Holmes crossed the room and
produced a large shoe-box which he had also brought from
221B that afternoon. From it he produced two modern
Webley revolvers and a box of ammunition. "We may need
these to defend our lives, Watson. We are dealing with a
master criminal intelligence. An intelligence both patient
and calculating, who has planned this crime over many
years and now believes there is some chance of being
thwarted."

"You think Mrs. Gallibasta is in league with him and will
warn him when the telegram arrives?"
"Let us just say, Watson, that we must expect a visitor
tonight. That is why the Fellini Silver stands in our window,
to be recognized by anyone who is familiar with it."
I told my friend that at my age and station I was losing
patience for this kind of charade, but reluctantly I agreed to
position myself where he instructed and, taking a firm grip
on my revolver, settled down for the night.
The night was almost as sultry as the day and I was
beginning to wish that I had availed myself of lighter clothing
and a glass of water when I heard a strange, scraping
noise from somewhere in the street and risked a glance
down from where I stood behind the curtain. I was
astonished to see a figure, careless of any observer, yet
fully visible in the yellow light of the lamps, climbing rapidly
up the wisteria vine!
Within seconds the man—for man it was, and a
gigantic individual, at that—had slipped a knife from his
belt and was opening the catch on the window in which the
Fellini Silver still sat. It was all I could do to hold my position.
I feared the fellow would grasp the statue and take it out
with him. But then common sense told me that, unless he
planned to lower it from the window, he must come in and
attempt to leave by the stairs.
The audacious burglar remained careless of

onlookers, as if his goal so filled his mind that he was
oblivious to all other considerations. I caught a glimpse of
his features in the lamp-light. He had thick, wavy hair tied
back in a bandanna, a couple of days' stubble on his chin
and dark, almost negroid skin I guessed at once that he
was a relative of Mrs. Gallibasta.
Then he had snapped back the catch of the window
and I heard his breath hissing from his lips as he raised the
sash and slipped inside.
The next moment Holmes emerged from his hiding
place and levelled the revolver at the man who turned with
the blazing eyes of a trapped beast, knife in hand, seeking
escape.
"There is a loaded revolver levelled at your head,
man," said Holmes evenly, "and you would be wise to drop
that knife and give yourself up!"
With a wordless snarl, the intruder flung himself
towards the Silver, placing it between himself and our guns.
"Shoot if you dare!" he cried. "You will be destroying more
than my unworthy life! You will be destroying everything you
have conspired to preserve! I underestimated you,
Macklesworth. I thought you were an easy dupe—dazzled
by the notion of being related to a knight of the realm, with
whom you had an intimate correspondence! I worked for
years to discover everything I could about you. You seemed
perfect. You were willing to do anything, so long as it was
described as a matter of family honour. Oh, how I planned!

How I held myself in check! How patient I was. How noble in
all my deeds! All so that I would one day own not merely
that fool Geoffrey's money, but also his most prized
treasure! I had his love—but I wanted everything else
besides!"
It was then I realized suddenly what Holmes had been
telling me. I almost gasped aloud as I understood the truth
of the situation!
At that moment I saw a flash of silver and heard the
sickening sound of steel entering flesh. Holmes fell back,
his pistol dropping from his hand and with a cry of rage I
discharged my own revolver, careless of Fellini or his art, in
my belief that my friend was once again to be taken from
me—this time before my eyes.
I saw Jean-Pierre Fromental, alias Linda Gallibasta,
fall backwards, arms raised, and crash through the window
by which he had entered. With a terrible cry he staggered,
flailed at the air, then fell into an appalling silence.
At that moment, the door burst open and in came John
Macklesworth, closely followed by our old friend Inspector
Lestrade, Mrs. Beck and one or two other tenants of 2
Dorset Street.
"It's all right, Watson," I heard Holmes say, a little
faintly. "Only a flesh wound. It was foolish of me not to think
he could throw a Bowie-knife! Get down there, Lestrade,
and see what you can do. I'd hoped to take him alive. It
could be the only way we'll be able to locate the money he

has been stealing from his benefactor over all these years.
Good night to you, Mr. Macklesworth. I had hoped to
convince you of my solution, but I had not expected to suffer
quite so much injury in the performance." His smile was
faint and his eyes were flooded with pain.
Luckily, I was able to reach my friend before he
collapsed upon my arm and allowed me to lead him to a
chair, where I took a look at the wound. The knife had stuck
in his shoulder and, as Holmes knew, had done no
permanent damage, but I did not envy him the discomfort
he was suffering.
Poor Macklesworth was completely stunned. His entire
notion of things had been turned topsy-turvy and he was
having difficulty taking everything in. After dressing
Holmes's wound, I told Macklesworth to sit down while I
fetched everyone a brandy. Both the American and myself
were bursting to learn everything Holmes had deduced, but
contained ourselves until my friend would be in better
health. Now that the initial shock was over, however, he was
in high spirits and greatly amused by our expressions.
"Your explanation was ingenious, Watson, and
touched on the truth, but I fear it was not the answer. If you
will kindly look in my inside jacket pocket, you will find two
pieces of paper there. Would you be good enough to draw
them out so that we might all see them?"
I did as my friend instructed. One piece contained the

last letter Sir Geoffrey had written to John Macklesworth
and, ostensibly, left with Mrs. Gallibasta. The other, far
older, contained the letter John Macklesworth had read out
earlier that day. Although there was a slight similarity to the
handwriting, they were clearly by different authors.
"You said this was the forgery," said Holmes, holding
up the letter in his left hand, "but unfortunately it was not. It is
probably the only example of Sir Geoffrey's handwriting you
have ever seen, Mr. Macklesworth."
"You mean he dictated everything to his—to that
devil?"
"I doubt, Mr. Macklesworth, that your namesake had
ever heard of your existence."
"He could not write to a man he had never heard of,
Mr. Holmes!"
"Your correspondence, my dear sir, was not with Sir
Geoffrey at all, but with the man who lies on the pavement
down there. His name, as Doctor Watson has already
deduced, is Jean-Pierre Fromental. No doubt he fled to
England after the Picayune murders and got in with the
Bohemian crowd surrounding Lord Alfred Douglas and
others, eventually finding exactly the kind of dupe he was
looking for. It is possible he kept his persona of Linda
Gallibasta all along. Certainly that would explain why he
became so terrified at the thought of being examined by a
doctor—you'll recall the postmistresses words. It is hard to
know if he was permanently dressing as a woman—that,

after all, is how he had lured his Louisiana victims to their
deaths—and whether Sir Geoffrey knew much about him,
but clearly he made himself invaluable to his employer and
was able, bit by bit, to salt away the remains of the
Macklesworth fortune. But what he really craved, was the
Fellini Silver, and that was when he determined the course
of action which led to his calculating deception of you, Mr.
Macklesworth. He needed a namesake living not far from
New Orleans. As an added insurance he invented another
cousin. By the simple device of writing to you on Sir
Geoffrey's stationery he built up an entire series of lies,
each of which had the appearance of verifying the other.
Because, as Linda Gallibasta, he always collected the mail,
Sir Geoffrey was never once aware of the deception."
It was John Macklesworth's turn to sit down suddenly
as realization dawned. "Good heavens, Mr. Holmes. Now I
understand!"
"Fromental wanted the Fellini Silver. He became
obsessed with the notion of owning it. But he knew that if he
stole it there was little chance of his ever getting it out of the
country. He needed a dupe. That dupe was you, Mr.
Macklesworth. I regret that you are probably not a cousin of
the murdered man. Neither did Sir Geoffrey fear for his
Silver. He appears quite reconciled to his poverty and had
long since assured that the Fellini Silver would remain in
trust for his family or the public forever. In respect of the
Silver he was sheltered from all debt by a special covenant
with Parliament. There was never a danger of the piece

going to his creditors. There was, of course, no way, in
those circumstances, that Fromental could get the Silver for
himself. He had to engineer first a burglary—and then a
murder, which looked like a consequence of that burglary.
The suicide note was a forgery, but hard to decipher. His
plan was to use your honesty and decency, Mr.
Macklesworth, to carry the Silver through to America. Then
he planned to obtain it from you by any means he found
necessary."
Macklesworth shuddered. "I am very glad I found you,
Mr. Holmes. If I had not, by coincidence, chosen rooms in
Dorset Street, I would even now be conspiring to further that
villain's ends!"
"As, it seems, did Sir Geoffrey. For years he trusted
Fromental. He appears to have doted on him, indeed. He
was blind to the fact that his estate was being stripped of
its remaining assets. He put everything down to his own
bad judgment and thanked Fromental for helping him!
Fromental had no difficulty, of course, in murdering Sir
Geoffrey when the time came. It must have been hideously
simple. That suicide note was the only forgery, as such, in
the case, gentlemen. Unless, of course, you count the
murderer himself."
Once again, the world had been made a safer and
saner place by the astonishing deductive powers of my
friend Sherlock Holmes.

Postscript
And that was the end of the Dorset Street affair. The
Fellini Silver was taken by the Victoria and Albert Museum
who, for some years, kept it in the special "Macklesworth"
Wing before it was transferred, by agreement, to the Sir
John Soane Museum. There the Macklesworth name lives
on. John Macklesworth returned to America a poorer and
wiser man. Fromental died in hospital, without revealing the
whereabouts of his stolen fortune, but happily a bank book
was found at Willesden and the money was distributed
amongst Sir Geoffrey's creditors, so that the house did not
have to be sold. It is now in the possession of a genuine
Macklesworth cousin. Life soon settled back to normal and
it was with some regret that we eventually left Dorset Street
to take up residence again at 221B. I have occasion, even
today, to pass that pleasant house and recall with a certain
nostalgia the few days when it had been the focus of an
extraordinary adventure.

The Adventure of the Lost
World
by Dominic Green
Dominic Green is the author of several short stories,
more than a dozen of which have appeared in the
British SF magazine Interzone. His work has also
appeared in the anthologies Decalog 5 and The
Year's Best Science Fiction . In 2006, his story, "The
Clockwork Atom Bomb," was a finalist for the Hugo
Award. This story first appeared in the online BBCi
Cult Sherlock Holmes Magazine, along with four other
original Holmes tales.
When Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty
toppled to their deaths from Reichenbach Falls, the
reading public was outraged. People loved Sherlock
Holmes, and just didn't want to accept that he was
dead. People have had much the same feeling about
dinosaurs, ever since the first dinosaur fossils were
widely exhibited in the early nineteenth century.
Dinosaurs were just so great, so awe-inspiring, so fun,
that people didn't want to believe that the dinosaurs
were all dead, and novelists fed this hunger. Maybe

there were dinosaurs in South America. Maybe at the
North Pole. Arthur Conan Doyle, author of Sherlock
Holmes, wrote one of the best-known of these
dinosaur romps, called The Lost World. As exploration
foreclosed these possibilities, dino-loving authors
resorted to increasingly desperate ploys. Maybe there
were dinosaurs inside the Earth. Maybe you could
clone dinosaurs from dino blood found in amberencrusted mosquitoes. Sadly, the Earth has turned out
to be depressingly un-hollow, and there's not much
chance of genetic material hanging around for sixtyfive million years. This next tale takes us back to a
simpler, happier time, when one could more easily
imagine gigantic, blood-crazed lizards haunting the
forests of the night.
It was in the autumn of 1918, when my medical
practice was burgeoning on account of casualties from the
recent war, when my friend Sherlock Holmes called upon
me in the most unexpected circumstances. Loyal readers
of the Strand Magazine will, no doubt, already be
indoctrinated in such exploits of Holmes as the intrigue
surrounding the Ruritanian Abdication Crisis. However, at
that time Holmes had failed to uncover anything
incomprehensible to the human mind for several weeks,
and I was beginning to fear for his health.
I was conducting surgery on an elderly Major of Rifles

who had lost a leg in the Egyptian campaign, and whom I
was treating for scrofula of the stump, when I all of a sudden
heard the ghostly, unexpected voice of my friend Holmes.
"I apologize for this peculiar method of gaining entry to
your consulting rooms, Watson, but I must beg your
company right away."
I looked up, behind me, and all about the room, but
could see nowhere my one-time room-mate and
companion. I stared at the laudanum bottle I had been
about to hand over to my patient.
"The Major was otherwise disposed today, Watson,"
said the Major. "I have taken the liberty of taking his place.
The streets are not safe for me to walk in my customary
attire at present."
"But the leg, Holmes," I stammered. "How did you do
the leg?"
"Ah, Watson," said Holmes in a voice of immensely
pleased conceit, "you have been making the assumption all
the time that I had two legs to begin with."
"But Holmes," I protested. "I have seen you run, and
jump!"
"Have you, Watson? Have you really?"
"Are you, at present, engaged upon an investigation?"
"An investigation more brutal and savage, perhaps,
than any other I have previously been involved in. I consider
it normal to see a man's life taken from him by another for
the pursuit of criminal gain, Watson; but it is rare indeed for

him to be eaten afterwards."
Even I, who have been in Afghanistan, was appalled.
"Surely not."
"Just so, Watson. In the past seven days, on
Hampstead Heath, there have been seven attacks upon
street musicians, each the player of a trombone of some
description, and each attacked, if those who heard the
attacks are to be believed, whilst executing the closing bars
of Gustav Holst's Thaxted. In each case, the victim appears
to have been attacked from above, the flesh crushed and
cut, the bones splintered, the capital extremity entirely
missing in many cases. Each victim's body was also
notable for the stench of corruption which hung about it, like
gas gangrene."
"Accidental death has been ruled out, then? A
recurrent trombone malfunction of some order—"
"—has already been checked for. The instruments
were produced by different manufacturers, all of the very
highest reputation and with large portfolios of quite living,
healthy customers. However, I do not trust the unmedical
minds of London's Metropolitan Police, Watson. I require
your keen anatomical brain. A fresh body has been
discovered on the Heath this very hour. I enjoin you to take
the new-fangled subterranean railway to Hampstead. I will
be waiting outside the station, though of course you will not
know me."

The London fog was thick as wool pulled over the eyes
when I stepped out of the station at the pleasant rustic
hamlet of Hampstead. Streetlamps were already being lit,
each surrounded by a saintly halo in the murk. I bought a
paper from a decrepit scion of the lower classes and sat
down on a bench to wait for my tardy associate.
"Watson!" hissed a voice through the gloom.
"Egad," I replied. "Where are you, Holmes?"
"I have just sold you a copy of the London Evening
Standard. LATEST NEWS, GUVNOR! Though I had
thought you might have remarked on my trombone."
I remarked on his trombone. "Good lord, Holmes! You
have a trombone. Are you mad?"
"Not in the least. This is quite a singular trombone. It
was discovered, twenty feet up in the branches of a tree,
but otherwise almost entirely unharmed, a hundred yards
from the body of the penultimate victim. It plays beautifully."
He essayed a bar of Thaxted.
"An improvement on your violin, at any rate. And now,
where is the last man to be murdered?"
Holmes led me with the accuracy of a homing pigeon
through a white haze out of which trees drifted like gigantic
submarine fauna. Finally, he came upon a spot where two
policemen sat playing cards over the sad, torn body of one
of our city's street musicians.
"Evening, Mr. 'Olmes," they chorused.
"Good evening, officers. Now, Watson, your medical

training will almost certainly draw your attention to the
body's non-possession of a head. What I wish to know is,
what removed that head so swiftly and so irrevocably?"
I examined the poor corpse as thoroughly as I could. "I
have seen something similar to this at only one point in my
career," I said. "An Indian mugger, not a man but a
crocodile, which caused a commotion in our billet in
Peshawar. One night, one of our subalterns, answering the
call of nature by the waterside, was seized about a part of
his anatomy I dread to name by the scaly abomination.
Sixteen rifle bullets were needed to kill it, by which time the
unfortunate officer was long dead. The brutes have jaws
capable of cracking a man's ribcage like an egg."
"Interesting. And what do you suppose did this?"
"Something, I would hazard a guess," I said, "with
bigger jaws."
Holmes was striding out across the frozen grass,
tapping his heel with his cane impatiently. "So, what do you
suppose has bigger jaws than a crocodile?"
"I have no idea. An extraordinarily large lion escaped
from a zoo, perhaps."
"Come here, Watson."
I walked closer. Holmes was standing over something,
an impression in the turf.
"There. What do you imagine that is?"
I looked. Then, I stared.
"It's a footprint, Watson," said Holmes. "It is the

footprint of a gigantic ten-thousand-pound theropod from
Hell."
Ten minutes later I was staring at Holmes as though he
were the starkest madman.
"A megalosaurus?"
"The very same. You know my maxim—when you have
eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however
improbable, must be, etcetera, etcetera."
I began to feel somewhat light-headed. "Holmes, the
megalosaurus has been extinct for nearly two hundred
million years."
"Not so, Watson." At this point Holmes fished out a
stack of books and papers he had been concealing in his
trombone case and began flicking frantically through a
periodical. "I considered all the animals that currently exist
in the world and are capable of killing a man, and
eliminated them one by one from my inquiries. The leopard
lacked the sheer height to attack from above unless
concealed in a tree, and I could find no claw marks in the
bark of any tree hereabouts. The elephant, meanwhile,
whilst possessing sufficient elevation, would gore or
trample in preference to biting. Finally, I concluded that the
attacker was an animal unrecognized by conventional
zoology.
"Therefore I switched from zoology to palaeontology.
The characteristic dual puncture wounds of a sabre-toothed

tiger attack were not present, nor were the sixfold blunt
contusions that would indicate a charging uintatherium. I
went through ten heavy tomes at the British Museum before
I alighted on my culprit. A megalosaurus had performed this
crime, Watson—a huge Jurassic beast moving on powerful
three-clawed feet and with a mouth like a cavern of
stalactites. I know what you will say, Watson—nowhere on
Earth does a megalosaurus currently exist. But there are
reports from the Belgian Congo of creatures that resemble
a stegosaurus more than a stegosaurus's maiden aunt, and
in addition, there are the remarkable accounts which I now
commend to you." He had now found the pages he had
been looking for, and set to reading aloud enthusiastically.
"Proceedings of the London Zoological Institute, June
13th, 1917: an address to be delivered by Professor
Challenger to a general assembly of all members,
regarding extraordinary discoveries recently made in a high
tributary of the Amazon . . . "
"That was all poppycock. Totally discredited. The
expedition brought back no evidence of the existence of
living dinosauria in the Amazon whatsoever."
"You must remember, Watson, that the generally
accepted public account of the expedition is that of Mr.
Edward Malone of the Daily Gazette," admonished
Holmes. "But I have recently been across the Channel to
purchase Professor Challenger's own version of events and
it makes most enlightening reading. As you know, the

Professor's account was savaged by Her Majesty's
censors, only a few select copies making their way here
across the Channel after having had to be published in
France."
He switched to a different volume, this one hardbound
and bearing a lurid cover engraving of a lady in night attire
being improbably menaced by a tumescent Mesozoic
reptile.
"September 13th, 1916. Violently, bestially drunk on
that fermented mash of giant spiders the natives call ghulaghula. Still see huge green dinosaurs everywhere. Am
having to gradually force myself to face the horrid truth that
they might actually be real. After tea, with Roxton, Malone
and Summerlee out of the camp, disported myself with two
of the hallucinatory Stone Age women hereabouts, enjoying
to the full their supple and surprisingly real-seeming honeycoloured bodies—"
"That is quite enough, Holmes," I snapped. "The
ravings of a man in an arachnolysin-induced delirium are
hardly proof of the continued existence of dinosaurs."
"Agreed, Watson. But if we read on! If we but read on!
December 1, 1916. Our return to England has been safely
negotiated without either my confederates or Customs &
Excise suspecting I had more in my baggage than
declared. The egg is ovoid—as is only to be expected—
about the size of a large coconut, porous skinned, and a
bright saffron yellow in colour. I have been incubating it by

stealing into the cargo hold and covering it with rotting
kitchen waste, and in addition, whenever possible, sit on
the egg personally. When questioned why I was sitting in
rotting kitchen waste in the cargo hold by the ship's purser, I
simply replied that I was incubating an egg which, when it
hatched out, would develop into a twenty-foot-long maneating lizard, whereupon he simply grinned, tapped his cap
in a friendly way, and left me to my own devices.
"February 2, 1917. My hatchling has arrived. Have
been feeding it turkey giblets, which it consumes with
gusto. Have named it Gladys, after Malone's carnivorous
reptilian fiancée. Gladys very attracted to bright objects and
movement. Already appear to have lost the cat, a huge fluffy
useless article good only for destroying valuable
furnishings. Wife distraught. Am beginning to like Gladys
already.
"April 10. Gladys over six feet long now. Intend to take
her in to one of that confounded bore Walton's lectures on
the malleability of germ plasm. I will say nothing and
announce nothing—just take her in on the end of a long
piece of string, and sit at the back, and stare. Then let that
pieheaded buffoon deny the existence of living
palaeozoons.
"Green, the children's music teacher, has packed his
things and left. Complained about having to deliver lessons
in the same room as Gladys; claims music drives her into a
bestial fury. Good riddance, for his music drives me into

just such a fury, as he practises nothing but Holst's Jupiter
at every hour of the day and night.
"To the point, Holmes."
"September 23. Have negotiated a regular meat
supply for Gladys from a Mr. Glass, a heavily bearded
importer of fine Irish beef. Have surveyed Mr. Glass's
warehouse and suspect his beef was formerly in the habit
of whinnying, but his prices are cheap. Two of his
associates delivered the first consignment to our drawing
room, where Gladys is currently residing. The impertinent
lackeys passed doubt on the ability of the window bars to
prevent Gladys from escaping. Was only too ready to
demonstrate to them how the windows could only be
opened on the outside.
"September 25. Donned diver's helmet and steel
gauntlets and took half horse carcass in to Gladys as a
treat. Disaster! Window open, drawing room empty, threetoed clawprints disappearing over the lawn into the
distance."
Holmes snapped the book shut.
"Are you seriously suggesting that a palaeozoic
carnivore is stalking Hampstead Heath?"
"I have been checking public records, Watson. There
have been over fifteen cases of unexplained decapitations
and disappearing animals on and around the Heath in the
last twelve months. The police no doubt failed to connect
them with this investigation due to the fact that none of them

involved trombones."
"So a prehistoric monster is responsible for these
killings?"
"Not entirely, Watson. There are still facets of the affair
that elude me. For example, in all six cases, listeners
reported that the trombonist's solo was accompanied by a
lone fiddle part which joined the refrain just before the notes
suddenly, tragically choked off. No, my friend—I am thinking
that the mind behind these enormities evolved quite
recently."
Several days later, the eternal fog still covered the city.
I was treating a case of phossie-jaw in a middle-aged
match worker. My signature was still wet on the prescription
for morphia when the worker suddenly spoke up—quite
impossible in a patient whose jaw had entirely dissolved
into a sort of calcareous mush—taking me momentarily
aback.
"Good morning, Watson."
This time, however, I regained control with a steely
resolve. I did not even look up.
"Good day, Holmes. I hope you realize you have just
wasted fifteen minutes' valuable consulting time."
"I do apologize, dear fellow. The streets remain
dangerous, and I had to see you. It was the excitement of
finishing a case that has been puzzling me for some time."
"The Hampstead trombonist decapitations?"

"The very same. I have found what I believe to be an
answer, Watson, in forensic palaeontology." Holmes
fidgeted in his chair nervously. "Don't you want to know how
I feigned a jaw entirely dissolved by phosphor poisoning?"
"I most certainly do not."
"Very well. It is a case, Watson, that will go down in the
annals of all cases in which a dinosaur was used as a
murder weapon. For there is a human being behind these
deeds, Watson, make no mistake of it." Out of a carpet bag
on the floor he drew another volume of bound periodicals.
"These are the observations of a Mr. Barnum Brown, who
has recently discovered a colossal ornithopod in the
fastnesses of Alberta which he names Corythosaurus
Casuarius. This creature, a member of the hadrosauridae
or duck-billed dinosaurs, possesses a singular crest on its
skull—a hollow, air-filled bony structure which some
palaeontologists have wrongly supposed to have been
used for breathing while the animal snorkelled like a scaly
submarine. There is, however, a slight drawback to this
theory in that the crest possesses no exterior nostril—"
"The murders, Holmes."
"Ah, yes. There is, you see, Watson, a school of
thought who believe the crest formed a sort of resonating
chamber with which the beast would be capable of making
distinct musical notes—not unlike, one would imagine, a
trombone."
"Holmes, I cannot see any conceivable reason why a

house-sized prehistoric creature would wish to make a
noise like a trombone."
"These creatures were not the sharpest of sorts,
Watson. Some of them needed secondary brains in their
abdominal regions to remain capable of coordinating their
movements. It is also true that large creatures do not
necessarily have acute senses; the rhinoceros is
notoriously short-sighted, and relies on its sharper sense of
hearing to detect approaching hunters.
"Consider, then, a herd of such creatures. Like African
herbivores, they might not all be members of the same
species. Multiple species of African antelope often gather
at the same water-hole to drink. However, our antelope
weigh five tons and are only marginally cleverer than the
pond scum they are lapping up. It is quite possible that they
might elect to mate with the wrong species if they are not
provided with some constant audible cue. Some species of
hadrosaur might therefore have made noises like
trombones, as if to say, Here I am! I am a trombonecrested hadrosaur, and other trombone-crested hadrosaurs
may profitably choose to mate with me. But the noises they
made would not be of interest solely to their mates. They
might also have interested their predators."
"Good God, Holmes," I cried. "Are you telling me those
poor wretches died simply because their instruments made
sounds resembling that creature's natural prey?"
"I not only believe it," said Holmes, "I intend to prove it,

by the most direct means possible."
He drew out the trombone from his bag, along with a
copy of the sheet music for Thaxted.
"You will not need your pistol, Watson. It would be
entirely useless against the creature. Shooting it accurately
in the brain would be as hard as hitting a bull from a
hundred yards, and I imagine even four-five-five ball would
simply bounce off its scaly hide."
We were walking through a wilderness of winterdeadened trees, in a fog in which an entire herd of
hadrosauridae could have stood shoulder to shoulder
unobserved. A bandstand loomed out of the murk. Posters
announced a forthcoming event involving royalty.
"There do not seem to be any dinosaurs in the vicinity,
Holmes. I feel sure that such large animals would advertise
their presence."
"A predator," said Holmes, "never advertises its
presence." And he raised the trombone to his lips, and
blew out the final bar of Thaxted. A tear rose to my eye at
the thought of the country all of whose ways are gentleness,
all of whose paths are peace.
Then the hairs at the back of my neck stood on end as
I heard a distant, clumsy crashing from far away in the fog,
as if a drunken coachman were attempting to drive an
omnibus through heavy brush.
"The hunter's afoot," said Holmes. "And it is we who

are the game." He motioned to me to follow as he stole
away.
"Confound it, Holmes! I hadn't expected your
damnable theory to actually be correct!"
"My theories, Watson, are always correct." With that,
he plunged into a nearby drain or ha-ha and squelched
ponderously along it, not appearing in any hurry to get to the
other side. "Into the water, Watson. In this fog the beast will
hunt by scent."
I have no shame in relating that I piled into the water
more smartly than I have ever piled into water before,
particularly since I heard, at a somewhat lesser distance
now, the immense crackling whisper of something
dreadfully, fearfully heavy walking across the carpet of fallen
leaves on the Heath towards our former position. Walking
slowly, and appearing to deviate to left and right, like a
questing hound. I believe I actually heard breath, escaping
like a head of steam from a ship's boiler.
"Do not make a sound, Watson, for your life depends
on it."
Holmes claims that he still saw nothing at that point—I
would have been able to see nothing even had the beast
been standing right next to me, for I had my eyes tight shut.
But at that point, we heard another sound, deep and
sonorous, singing out through the fog—the sound of the low
notes of a violin. It is difficult to convey how I knew purely
from the sounds I heard through the mist that a Mesozoic

lizard was cocking its head on one side, but somehow I
knew this was what was happening, as if a bird on a branch
had heard another bird whistle, or a dog heard its owner
call.
We heard it plunge away through the fog.
"As I suspected," said Holmes. "There are two
hadrosaur species."
We sat in the pleasant surroundings of the Jack
Straw's Castle inn near the flagstaff on the northern
perimeter of the Heath. Warm beer was a welcome
antidote to the cold.
"I cannot understand, Holmes, how the fact that there
were two species of hadrosauriwhatsit can possibly be
significant."
"Quite simple, I imagine. The first species, whose calls
sound like those of a trombonist executing the final bars of
Thaxted, are our megalosaurus's preferred prey. The
second species, meanwhile, whose call is more violinlike,
are a related animal which moves with the herds of the first.
But our carnivore will not attack this second species."
"It will not?"
"I will stake my life on it. These animals are not prey.
Their flesh is shunned by our megalosaurus, which will
nevertheless follow them in much the same way a lion will
follow an animal it is incapable of bringing down, such as a
rhinoceros, in the hope of finding other herbivores it can

bring down. Nevertheless, Watson, whoever is controlling
this creature is playing fiddle with the Devil. And he is about
to walk through that door, right about—now."
The doors opened to admit a shabby-looking street
musician, similar in appearance to the poor devil I had
examined only a day earlier.
"Mr. Green, I believe," said Holmes. "Formerly music
teacher to the family of Professor Challenger of Enmore
Park. No, don't trouble yourself to pull out that revolver. You
will find that almost every person in this hostelry right now is
an armed member of Her Majesty's Metropolitan Police."
Eerily, as if Holmes were some macabre puppeteer,
every single one of the establishment's customers turned
round and raised their hats to the newcomer.
"You will perhaps be mystified as to how I know your
name. You are, of course, an adherent of the Fenian cause
and a proponent of Home Rule for Ireland. The merits or
demerits of that question I leave to politicians. I involve
myself only at the point when people believe their political
causes justify murder. Your principal mistake was in
presenting yourself, in disguise, to your former employer as
a meat wholesaler of the name of Glass. 'Glas,' as Watson
doubtless does not know but I certainly do, is the Gaelic for
Green, a childish conceit which led to your downfall. You
noticed several months ago whilst tutoring Professor
Challenger's children that the notes of the trombone

appeared to induce a blind killing rage in the juvenile
megalosaurus chained up at the other end of the drawing
room. The notes of the violin, meanwhile, served only to
attract its attention and cause it to follow the violinist round
the room. It was after learning these facts that you
formulated your plan.
You planned to remove the beast from confinement
using two of your Fenian confederates, and train it to attack
human beings. The small number of bites inflicted on his
serving staff had convinced Challenger that the creature did
not seek out human beings as prey; it needed to be taught
to do so. And you, Mr. Green, have been teaching it to kill
for the last twelve months. And why have you been doing
so? Why, in only one week's time, His Majesty King George
is due to attend an open air concert at the Parliament Hill
bandstand on the Heath, where the final piece on the
programme will be Mr. Spring-Rice's inspired lyrics to
Thaxted by Gustav Holst. In fact, it is only the final note of
that tune that sets off the beast, am I right?" Holmes began
whistling the final few bars of Thaxted.
The musician's face palled.
"For pity's sake," he exclaimed, in a pronounced
Dublin brogue, "you do not know what you're doing. If you
value your life, if you value all our lives, stop!"
And Holmes did stop, drawing out that long
penultimate note, and laughed. "Indeed," he chuckled.
"How could it be otherwise? We have Professor

Challenger's word that you practised Holst's Jupiter in the
beast's presence without ill effect. Jupiter, of course, would
have been safe to practise, for in Jupiter, which is
otherwise identical to Thaxted, the final note never resolves.
Were you, perhaps, hoping that the beast would wreak
such havoc among the crowd that His Majesty would be
trampled?"
The scarlet-haired Fenian shook his head. "You do me
an injustice, sir. If you had only troubled to look further into
the cast of the orchestra, you would have discovered I was
to play the principal trombone. I intended to place myself
directly before the monarch of your despicable island,
blowing my horn for all I was worth. The beast would surely
have taken the ermine-laden buffoon after it had finished
with me."
Holmes nodded. "I see you are a man of courage, if a
misguided one. I am offering you an honourable way out."
He extended a hand, proffering the trombone. The
Irishman nodded sadly and accepted it. Holmes picked up
the untouched pint of ale he had been nursing since we
arrived, and held it up as well.
"A last drink for a condemned man."
Green accepted the pint, and drained it with gusto.
Then, he turned round to the assembled police officers and
cried:
"Fianna Fail!"
—before striding out through the inn doors into the

white murk. We saw no more of him; but heard, droning in
from without, the clear, calm notes of that timeless patriotic
hymn which, I became more acutely aware than ever
before, apply to any country, any King, and more especially
to that great country we all hope to become citizens of upon
our end.
Then, suddenly, there was a great thundering crash,
and a hideous roaring, and the notes of the trombone
ceased as the instrument itself was flung out of the fog, bent
double, towards the window where we sat.
"Gods, what a beast! It will take a troop of soldiers with
an artillery piece to kill it!"
"I think not," said Holmes. "That pint of ale contained
enough strychnine to kill ten elephants. Now, I believe there
is time for me to consume another less dangerous pint
before we repair to the bandstand, where I believe the local
brass ensemble is currently setting up to practise. I fancy I
could stand to hear that tune again."
And he clicked his fingers for the barman to bring him
another beer.

The Adventure of the
Antiquarian's Niece
by Barbara Hambly
Barbara Hambly is the bestselling author of dozens of
books, including the James Asher vampire series,
Those Who Hunt the Night and Traveling with the
Dead. She has written many other novels as well, such
as the popular Dragonsbane and its sequels, as well
as media tie-in projects for Star Trek and Star Wars.
Her Benjamin January series may be of interest to
Holmes fans, being as it is both mystery and historical
(set in 1830s New Orleans). Hambly has also written
other novels of historical fiction, such as Patriot
Hearts, and has a Masters degree in Medieval History.
H. P. Lovecraft went to great pains to make his
fantastic otherworldly creations appear authentic. One
of his techniques was to write his fiction in an
extremely
detailed
faux-documentary
format,
incorporating, for example, realistic-sounding
newspaper clippings that corroborated elements of his
narrators' tales. Another technique was to reuse
certain names from story to story, and to encourage

other writers to make use of those names as well.
Lovecraft felt that made-up names would resonate with
more authority if the reader had heard those names
somewhere before. The best known of his creations
are the evil octopus-headed god Cthulhu and the book
of black magic, the Necronomicon. A similar accursed
tome is the Book of Eibon, invented by Lovecraft's
friend Clark Ashton Smith and used by Lovecraft in
several of his own stories. Lovecraft also made
multiple references to Yog-Sothoth and ShubNiggurath, malevolent gods, and to shoggoths, large
protoplasmic servants. Many of these creations are
now ubiquitous in popular culture and are familiar even
if you've never heard of Lovecraft. Our next story
continues the tradition of using these familiar elements
to connect the tale to a larger body of fantastic
literature.
In my career as the chronicler of the cases of Mr.
Sherlock Holmes, I have attempted (his assertions to the
contrary) to present both his successes and his failures. In
most instances his keen mind and logical deductive facility
led him to the solutions of seemingly insoluble puzzles.
Upon some occasions, such as the strange behavior of
Mrs. Effie Munro, his conclusions were astray due to
unknown and unforeseen facts; on others, such as the
puzzle of the dancing men or the horrifying contents of the

letter received by Mr. John Openshaw, his correct
assessment of the situation came too late to save the life of
his client.
In a small percentage of his cases, it was simply not
possible to determine the correctness or incorrectness of
his reasoning because no conclusion was ever reached.
Such a case was that of Mr. Burnwell Colby and his
fiancée, and the abominable inhabitants of Depewatch
Priory. Holmes long kept the singular memento of his
investigation in a red cardboard box in his room, and if I
have not written of these events before, it is because of the
fearful shadow which they left upon my heart. I only now
write of them in the light of the new findings of Mr. Freud
concerning the strange workings of the human mind.
Burnwell Colby came to the lodgings that I shared with
Holmes in Baker Street in the summer of 1894. It was one
of those sticky London afternoons that make one long for
the luxury of the seashore or the Scottish moors. Confirmed
Londoner that Holmes was, I am sure he was no more
aware of the heat than a fish is of water: whatever
conditions prevailed in the city, he preferred to be
surrounded by the noise and hurry, the curious streetscenes and odd contretemps engendered by the close
proximity of over a million fellow-creatures than by any
amount of fresh air. As for myself, the expenses incurred by
my dear wife's final illness prevented me from even thinking
of quitting the metropolis—and the depression of spirits
that had overtaken me from the same source sometimes

prevented me from thinking at all. While Holmes never by
word or look referred to my bereavement, he was an
astonishingly restful companion in those days, treating me
as he always had instead of offering a sympathy which I
would have found unendurable.
He was, as I recall, preparing to concoct some
appalling chemical mess at the parlor table when Mrs.
Hudson's knock sounded at the door. "A Mr. Burnwell Colby
to see you, sir."
"What, at this season of the year?" Holmes thumbed
the card she handed him, angled it to the window's glaring
light. "Heavy stock, one-and-six the hundred, printed in
America in a typeface of a restraint generally only found in
the most petrified of diplomatic circles but smelling of . . . ."
He broke off, and glanced at Mrs. Hudson with eyes
suddenly sharp with wary interest. "Yes," he said. "Yes, I
shall see this gentleman. Watson, if you would remain I
would much appreciate an outsider's unbiased view of our
guest."
For I had folded together the newspaper which for the
past hour I had stared at, unseeing, preparatory to making
a retreat to my bedroom. To tell the truth I welcomed the
invitation to remain, and helped Holmes in his rapid
disposal of alembic and pipettes into his own chamber. As
I reached down for the card, still lying on the much-scarred
rosewood, Holmes twitched it from my fingers and slipped
it into an envelope, which he set in an obscure corner of the

bookcase. "Let us not drip premature surmise into the
distilled waters of your observation," he said with a smile. "I
am curious to read what would be writ upon a tabula rasa."
"Behold me unbesmirched," I replied, throwing up my
hands, and settled back onto the settee as the door
opened to admit one of the most robust specimens of
American manhood that it has ever been my privilege to
encounter. Six feet tall, broad of shoulder and chest, he had
dark eyes luminous with intelligence under a noble brow in
a rather long face, and by his well-cut, if rather American,
brown suit and gloves of fawn kid, he clearly added
material wealth to the blessings of kindly nature. He held
out his hand to Holmes and introduced himself, and Holmes
inclined his head.
"And this is my partner and amanuensis, Dr. Watson,"
said Holmes, and Mr. Colby turned unhesitatingly to shake
my hand. "Anything that may be said to me, may be said in
his presence as well."
"Of course," said Colby, in his deep, pleasing voice,
"of course. I have no secrets—that's what gravels me." And
he shook his head with a ghost of a chuckle. "The Colbys
are one of the wealthiest families in New England: we've
traded with China for fifty years and with India for twice that,
and our railroad interests now will better those profits a
thousand percent. I've been educated at Harvard and
Oxford, and if I may say so without tooting my own horn, I'm
reasonably good to look on and I don't eat with my knife or

sleep in my boots. So what would there be about me, Mr.
Holmes, that would cause a respectable girl's guardians to
reject my suit out of hand and forbid me to exchange a
word with her?"
"Oh, I could name a dozen commonplace
possibilities," replied Holmes, gesturing him to a chair.
"And a score more if we wished to peruse a catalogue of
the outré. Perhaps you could tell me, Mr. Colby, the name
of this unfortunate young lady and the circumstances under
which you were so rudely ejected from her parents' favor?"
"Guardians," corrected our visitor. "Her uncle is the
Honorable Carstairs Delapore, and her grandfather, Gaius,
Viscount Delapore of Depewatch Priory in Shropshire. It's
a crumbling, moldering, Gothic old pile, sinking into decay.
My family's money could easily rescue it—as I've said to
Mr. Delapore, any number of times, and he agrees with
me."
"A curious thing to do, for a man rejecting your suit."
Colby's breath gusted again in exasperated laughter.
"Isn't it? It isn't as if I were a stranger off the street, Mr.
Holmes. I've been Mr. Delapore's pupil for a year, have
lived in his household on week-ends, eaten at his table.
When I first came to study with him I could have sworn he
approved of my love for Judith."
"And what, precisely, would you say is the nature of Mr.
Delapore's teaching?" Holmes leaned back in the basketchair, fingertips pressed lightly together, closely watching

the young American's face.
"I guess you'd say he's . . . an antiquarian." Colby's
voice was hesitant, as if picking his words. "One of the
most remarkable students of ancient folklore and legend in
the world. Indeed, it was in the hopes of studying with him
that I came to Oxford. I am—I guess you might call me the
intellectual black sheep of the Colby family." He chuckled
again. "My father left the firm to my brothers and myself, but
on the whole I've been content to let them run it as they
wished. The making of money . . . the constant clamor of
stocks and rail-shares and directors . . . From the time I
was a small boy I sensed there were deeper matters than
that in the world, forgotten shadows lurking behind the
gaslights' artificial glare."
Holmes said nothing to this, but his eyelids lowered, as
if he were listening for something behind the words. Colby,
hands clasped, seemed almost to have forgotten his
presence, or mine, or the reality of the stuffy summer heat.
He went on, "I had corresponded with Carstairs Delapore
on . . . on the subject of some of the more obscure
Lammas-tide customs of the Welsh borderlands. As I'd
hoped, he agreed to guide my studies, both at Oxford and,
later, among the books of his private collection—marvelous
volumes that clarified ancient folkloric rites and put them
into contexts of philosophy, history, the very fabric of time
itself! Depewatch Priory . . . ."
He seemed to come to himself with a start, glanced at

Holmes, then at me, and went on in a more constrained
voice, "It was at Depewatch Priory that I first met Mr.
Delapore's niece, Judith. She is eighteen, the daughter of
Mr. Delapore's brother Fynch, a spirit of light and
innocence in that . . . in that dreary old pile. She had just
returned from finishing-school in Switzerland, though plans
for her come-out into London society had run aground on
the family's poverty. Any other girl I know would have been
pouting and in tears at being robbed of her season on the
town. Not she! She bore it bravely and sweetly, though it
was clear that she faced a lifetime of stagnation in a tiny
mountain town, looking after a decrepit house and a . . . a
difficult old man."
From his jacket pocket Colby withdrew an embossed
cardboard photograph-case, opening it to show the image
of a most beautiful young lady. Thin and rather fragilelooking, she wore her soft curls in a chignon. Her eyes
seemed light, blue or hazel so far as I could tell from the
photograph, her hair a medium shade—perhaps red, but
more likely light brown—and her complexion pale to
ghostliness. Her expression was one of grave innocence,
trusting and unself-conscious.
"Old Viscount Delapore is a grim old autocrat who
rules his son, his niece, and every soul in the village of
Watchgate as if it were 1394 instead of 1894. He owns all
of the land thereabouts—the family has, I gather, from time
immemorial—and so violent is his temper that the villagers
dare not cross him. From the first moment Judith declared

her love for me, I offered to take her away from the place—
to take her clean out of the country, if need be, though I
hardly think he would come after her, as she seems to
fear."
"Does she fear her grandfather?" Holmes turned the
photograph thoughtfully over in his hands, examining the
back as well as the front most minutely.
Colby nodded, his face clouding with anger. "She
claims she's free to come and go, that there's no influence
being brought to bear upon her. But there is, Mr. Holmes,
there is! When she speaks of Viscount Gaius she glances
over her shoulder, as if she imagines he could hear her
wherever she is. And the look in her lovely eyes . . . ! She
fears him, Mr. Holmes. He has some evil and unwholesome
hold upon the girl. He's not her legal guardian—that's Mr.
Carstairs Delapore. But the old man's influence extends to
his son as well. When I received this—" He drew from the
same pocket as the photograph a single sheet of folded
paper, which he passed across to Holmes, "I begged him
to countermand his father's order, to at least let me present
my case. But this card . . . " He handed a large, stiff note to
Holmes, "was all I got back."
The letter was dated August 16, four days ago.
"My best beloved,
"My heart is torn from my breast by this most terrible
news. My grandfather has forbidden me to see you again,

forbidden even that your name be mentioned in this house.
He will give no reason for this beyond that it is his will that I
remain here with him, as his servant—I fear, as his slave! I
have written to my father but fear he will do nothing. I am in
despair! Do nothing, but wait and be ready.
"Thine only,
Judith."
The delicate pink paper, scented with patchouli and
with the faint smoke of the oil-lamp by which it must have
been written, was blotted with tears.
Her father's card said merely:
"Remove her from your thoughts. There is nothing
which can be done."
Burnwell Colby smote the palm of one hand with the
fist of the other, and his strong jaw jutted forward. "My
grandfather didn't let the mandarins of Hong Kong chase
him away, and my father refused to be stopped by Sioux
Indians or winter snows in the Rockies," he declared. "Nor
shall this stop me. Will you find out for me, Mr. Holmes,
what vile hold Lord Gaius has upon his granddaughter and
his son, that I may free the gentlest girl that ever lived from
the clutches of an evil old man who seeks to make a
drudge of her forever?"
"And is this all," asked Holmes, raising his eyelids to
meet the American's earnest gaze, "that you have to tell me
about Carstairs Delapore and his father? Or about these

'lurking shadows' that are Delapore's study?"
The young man frowned, as if the question took him
momentarily aback. "Oh, the squeamish may speak of
decadence," he said after a moment, not off-handedly, but
as if carefully considering his words. "And some of the
practices which Delapore has uncovered are fairly ugly by
modern standards. Certainly they'd make my old pater
blink, and my poor hidebound brothers." He chuckled, as if
at the recollection of a schoolboy prank. "But at bottom it's
all only legends, you know, and bogies in the dark."
"Indeed," said Holmes, rising, and held out his hand to
the young suitor. "I shall learn of this what I can, Mr. Colby.
Where might I reach you?"
"The Excelsior Hotel in Brighton." The young man
fished from his vest-pocket a card to write the address
upon—he seemed to carry everything loose in his pockets,
jumbled together like cabbages in a barrow. "I always stay
there," he explained as he scribbled. "It was how Miss
Delapore knew where to reach me. How you can abide to
remain in town in weather like this beats me!" And he
departed, apparently unaware that not everyone's
grandfather rammed opium down Chinese throats in order
to pay the Excelsior's summer-holiday prices.
"So what do you think of our American Romeo?"
inquired Holmes, as the rattle of Colby's cab departed
down Baker Street. "What sort of man does he appear to
be?"

"A wealthy one," I said, still stung by that careless
remark about those who remained in town. "One not used
to hearing the word 'No.' But earnest and good of heart, I
would say. Certainly he takes a balanced view of these
'decadent' studies—to which the Delapores can scarcely
object, if they share them."
"True enough." Holmes set letter and note upon the
table, and went to the bookcase to draw out his copy of the
Court Gazette, which was so interleaved with snipped-out
society columns, newspaper clippings, and notes in
Holmes' neat, strong handwriting as to bulge to almost
double its original size. "But what are the nature of these
folkloric 'practices' which are 'fairly ugly by modern
standards'? Ugliness by the standards of a world which has
invented the Maxim gun can scarcely be termed bogies in
the dark.
"Carstairs Delapore," he read, opening the book upon
his long arm. "Questioned concerning his whereabouts on
the night of the 27th August, 1890, when the owner of a
public house in Whitechapel reported her ten-year-old son
Thomas missing; a man of Delapore's description—he is
evidently of fairly unforgettable appearance—seen
speaking with the boy that evening. Thomas never found. I
thought I recognized the name. Delapore was also
questioned in 1873 by the Manchester police—he was in
that city, for no discernable reason, when two little mill-girls
went missing . . . I must say I'm astonished that anyone
reported their disappearance. Mudlarks and street-urchins

vanish every day from the streets of London and no one
inquires after them anymore than one inquires the
whereabouts of butterflies once they flitter over the garden
fence. A man need not even be very clever, to kidnap
children in London." He shut the book, his eyes narrowing
as he turned his gaze to the endless wasteland of brick that
lay beyond the window. "Merely careful to pick the dirtiest
and hungriest, and those without parents or homes."
"That's a serious conclusion to jump to," I said, startled
and repelled.
"It is," Holmes replied. "Which is why I jump to nothing.
But Gaius, Viscount Delapore, was mentioned three times
in the early reports of the Metropolitan police—between
1833 and 1850—in connection with precisely such
investigations, at the same time that he was publishing a
series of monographs on 'Demonic Ritual Survivals along
the Welsh Borders' for the discredited Eye of Dawn
Society. And in 1863 an American reporter disappeared
while investigating rumors of a pagan cult in western
Shropshire, not five miles from Watchgate village, which
lies below the hill upon which Depewatch Priory stands."
"But even so," I said, "even if the Delapores are
involved in some kind of theosophistic studies—or white
slaving for that matter—would they not seek rather to get an
outsider like Delapore's niece out of the house, rather than
keeping her there as a potential source of trouble? And
how would the old man use a pack of occult rubbish to

dominate his granddaughter and his son against their will?"
"How indeed?" Holmes went to the bookcase again,
and took down the envelope in which he had bestowed
Burnwell Colby's card. "I, too, found our American visitor—
despite his patent desire to disown association with his
hidebound and boring family—an ingenuous and harmless
young man. Which makes this all the more curious."
He held out the envelope to me, and I took it out and
examined it as he had. The stock, as he had said, was
expensive and the typeface rigidly correct, although the
card itself bore slight traces of having been carried about
loose in Mr. Colby's pockets with pens, notes, and
photographs of his beloved Judith. Only when I brought it
close to examine the small dents and scratches on its
surface was I conscious of the smell that seemed to imbue
the thick, soft paper, a nauseating mix of frankincense,
charred hair, and . . . .
I looked up at Holmes, my eyes wide. I had been a
soldier in India, and a physician for most of my life. I knew
the smell.
"Blood," I said.
The note Holmes sent that afternoon received an
answer within hours, and after we had finished our supper
he invited me to accompany him to the home of a friend on
the Embankment near the Temple: "A curious customer
who may fill in for you some hitherto unsuspected colors in

the palette of London life," he said. Mr. Carnaki was a thin
young man of medium height and attenuated build, whose
large gray eyes regarded one from behind thick spectacle
lenses with an expression it is hard to define: as if he were
always watching for something that others do not see. His
tall, narrow house was filled with books, even lining the
walls of the hallways on both sides so that a broad-built
man would have been obliged to sidle through crab-wise,
and through the darkened doorways I glimpsed the flicker
of gas-light across what appeared to be complex chemical
and electrical apparatus. He listened to Holmes' account of
Burnwell Colby's visit without comment, his chin resting on
one long, spidery hand, then rose from his chair and
climbed a pair of steps to an upper shelf of one of the many
bookcases that walled the small study at the back of the
house to which he'd led us.
"Depewatch Priory," he read aloud, "stands on a cliff
above the village of Watchgate in the wild hill country on the
borders of Wales, where in 1215 King John confirmed the
appointment of an Augustinian prior over an existing 'hooly
howse' of religion said to date back to foundation by
Joseph of Arimathea. It appears from its inception to have
been the center of a cycle of legends and whispers: indeed,
the King's original intent was apparently to have the place
pulled down and salt strewed on its foundations. One Philip
of Mundberg petitioned Edward IV, describing the monks
there engaged in 'comerce wyth daemons yt did issue forth
from Hell, and make knowne theyr wants by means of

certain dremes,' but he apparently never reached the King
himself and the investigation was dropped. There were
repeated accusations of heresy involving the transmigration
of the souls of certain priors, rumors which apparently
transferred themselves to the Grimsley family to whom
Henry VIII presented the priory in 1540, and surfaced in the
1780s in connection with the Delapores, who succeeded
them through marriage.
"William Punt . . . " He tapped the black leathern
covers of the volume as he set it on the table beside
Holmes, "in his Catalogue of Secret Abominations
described the place in 1793 as being a 'goodly manor of
gray stone' built upon the foundations of the Plantagenet
cloister, but says that the original core of the establishment
is the ruin of a tower, probably Roman in origin. Punt
speaks of stairs leading down to a sub-crypt, where the
priors used to sleep upon a crude altar after appalling rites.
When Lord Rupert Grimsley was murdered by his wife and
daughters in 1687, they apparently boiled his body and
buried his bones in the sub-crypt, reserving his skull, which
they placed in a niche at the foot of the main stair in the
manor-house itself, 'that evil dare not pass.'"
I could not repress a chuckle. "As protective totems
go, it didn't do Lord Rupert much good, did it?"
"I daresay not," returned Holmes with a smile. "Yet my
reading of the 1840 Amsterdam edition of Punt's
Catalogue leads me to infer that the local population didn't

regard Rupert Grimsley's murder as particularly evil; the
villagers impeded the Metropolitan police in the pursuit of
their duties to such effect that the three murderesses got
completely away."
"Good heavens, yes." Carnaki turned, and drew out
another volume, more innocuous than the sinister-looking
tome of abominations: this one was simply a History of
West Country Families, as heavily interleaved with
clippings and notes as was Holmes' Gazette. "Rupert
Grimsley was feared as a sorcerer from Shrewsbury to the
Estuary; he is widely reputed to have worked the roads as
a highwayman, carrying off, not valuables, but travelers who
were never seen again. Demons were said to come and go
at his command, and at least two lunatics from that section
of the Welsh border—one in the early part of the eighteenth
century and one as recently as 1842—swore that old Lord
Rupert dwelled in the bodies of all the successive Lords of
Depewatch."
"You mean that he was being constantly
reincarnated?" I admit this surfacing of this Thibetan belief
in the prosaic hill-country of Wales startled me
considerably.
Carnaki shook his head. "That the spirit—the
consciousness—of Rupert Grimsley passed from body to
body, battening like a parasite upon that of the heir and
driving out the younger man's soul, as the human portion of
each Lord of Depewatch died."

The young antiquarian looked so serious as he said
this that again I was hard-put to suffocate a laugh; Carnaki's
expression did not alter, but his eyes flicked from my face
to Holmes'. "I suppose," said the young man after a
moment, "that this had something to do with the fact that
each of the gentlemen in question were rumored to be
involved with mysterious disappearances among the coalminers of the district: Viscount Gerald Delapore, who is
reputed to have undergone so terrifying a change in
personality at his accession to the title that his wife left him
and fled to America . . . and the young Gaius Delapore
himself."
"Indeed?" Holmes leaned forward eagerly in his chair,
his hand still resting on the Catalogue, which he had been
examining with the delighted reverence of a true lover of
ancient volumes. He had hardly taken his eyes from the
many tomes that stacked every table and most of the
corners of Carnaki's little study, some of them the musty
calf or morocco of Georgian bookbinders, others the
heavier, more archaic black-letter incunabula of the early
days of printing, with not a few older still, hand-written in
Latin upon parchment or vellum and illuminated with spidery
marginalia that even at a distance disturbed me by their
anomalous bizarrité. "And what, precisely, is the evil that is
ascribed by legend to Depewatch Priory, and for what
purpose did Rupert Grimsley and his successors seek out
those who had no power, and whom society would not
miss?"

Carnaki set aside his History and seated himself on
the oak bookcase steps, his long, thin arms resting on his
knees. He glanced again at me, not as if I had offended him
with my earlier laughter but as if gauging how to phrase
things so that I would understand them; then his eyes
returned to Holmes.
"You have heard, I think, of the six thousand steps, that
are hinted at—never directly—in the remote legends of
both the old Cymric tribes that preceded the Celts, and of
the American Indian? Of the pit that lies deep at the heart of
the world, and of the entities that are said to dwell in the
abysses beyond it?"
"I have heard of these things," said Holmes quietly.
"There was a case in Arkham, Massachusetts, in 1869 . . .
."
"The Whateley case, yes." Carnaki's long, sensitive
mouth twitched with remembered distaste, and his glance
turned to me. "These legends—remembered only through
two cults of quite shockingly degenerate Indian tribes, one
in Maine and the other, curiously, in northeastern Arizona,
where they are shunned by the surrounding Navajo and
Hopi—speak of things, entities, sentient yet not wholly
material, that have occupied the lightless chasms of space
and time since the days before humankind's furthest
ancestors first stood upright. These elder beings fear the
light of the sun, yet with the coming of darkness would
creep forth from certain places in the world to prey upon

human bodies and human dreams, through the centuries
making surprising and dreadful bargains with individuals of
mankind in return for most hideous payment."
"And this is what Gaius Delapore and his son believe
they have in their basement?" My eyebrows shot up. "It
should make it easy enough for us to assist young Mr.
Colby in freeing his fiancée from the influence of two
obvious lunatics."
Holmes said softly, "So it should."
We remained at Carnaki's until nearly midnight, while
Holmes and the young antiquarian—for so I assumed
Carnaki to be—spoke of the appalling folkloric and
theosophical speculations that evidently fuelled Viscount
Delapore's madness: hideous tales of creatures beyond
human imaginings or human dreams, monstrous legends of
dim survivals from impossibly ancient aeons, and of those
deluded madmen whose twisted minds accepted such
absurdities for truth. Holmes was right in his assertion that
the visit would supply the palette of my knowledge of
London with hitherto unsuspected hues. What surprised me
was Holmes' knowledge of such things, for on the whole he
was a man of practical bent, never giving his attention to a
subject unless it was with some end in view.
Yet when Carnaki spoke of the abomination of
abominations, of the terrible amorphous shuggoths and the
Watcher of the Gate, Holmes nodded, as one does who

hears familiar names. The shocking rites engaged in by the
covens of ancient believers, whether American Indians or
decayed cults to be found in the fastnesses of Greenland or
Thibet, did not surprise him, and it was he, not our host,
who spoke of the insane legend of the shapeless god who
plays the pipe in the dark heart of chaos, and who sends
forth the dreams that drive men mad.
"I did not know that you made a study of such
absurdities, Holmes," I said, when we stood once more on
the fog-shrouded Embankment, listening for the
approaching clip of a cab-horse's hooves. "I would hardly
have said theosophy was your line."
"My line is anything that will—or has—provided a
motive for men's crimes, Watson." He lifted his hand and
whistled for the Jehu, an eerie sound in the muffled
stillness. His face in the glare of the gaslight seemed pale
and set. "Whether a man bows down to God or Mammon or
to Cthulhu in his dark house at R'lyeh is no affair of mine . . .
Until he sheds one drop of blood not his own in his deity's
name. Then God have mercy upon him, for I shall not."
All of these events took place on Monday, the 20th of
August. The following day Holmes was engaged with
turning over the pages of his scrapbooks of clippings
regarding unsolved crimes, seeming, it appeared to me, to
concentrate on disappearances during the later part of the
summer in years back almost to the beginning of the
century. On Wednesday Mrs. Hudson sent up the familiar

elegantly restrained calling-card of the American folklorist,
the man himself following hard upon her heels and almost
thrusting her out of the way as he entered our parlor.
"Well, Holmes, it's all settled and done with," he
declared, in a loud voice very unlike his own. "Thank you for
your patience with old Delapore's damned rodomontade,
but I've seen the old man myself—he came down to town
yesterday, damn his impudence—and made him see
reason."
"Have you?" asked Holmes politely, gesturing to the
chair in which he had first sat.
Colby waved him impatiently away. "Simplest thing in
nature, really. Feed a cur and he'll shut up barking. And
here's for you." And he drew from his pocket a small leather
bag which he tossed carelessly onto the table. It struck with
the heavy, metallic ring of golden coin. "Thank you again."
"And I thank you." Holmes bowed, but he watched
Colby's face as he spoke, and I could see his own face had
turned very pale. "Surely you are too generous."
"S'blood, man, what's a few guineas to me? I can tear
up little Judi's poor letter, now we're to be wed all right and
tight . . . ." He winked lewdly at Holmes, and held out his
hand. "And her old Dad's damned impudent note as well, if
you would."
Holmes looked around him vaguely, and picked up
various of his scrapbooks from the table to look beneath
them: "Didn't you tuck it behind the clock?" I asked.

"Did I?" Holmes went immediately to the mantle—
cluttered as always with newspapers, books, and
unanswered correspondence—and after a brief search
shook his head. "I shall find it, never fear," he said, his brow
furrowing. "And return it, if you would be so kind as to give
me your direction once more."
Colby hesitated, then snatched the nearest piece of
paper from the table—a bill from Holmes' tailor, I believe it
was—and scribbled an address upon it. "I'm off to
Watchgate this afternoon," he said. "This will find me."
"Thank you," said Holmes, and I noticed that he neither
touched the paper, nor came within arm's reach of the man
who stood before him. "I shall have it in the post before
nightfall. I can't think what can have become of it. It has
been a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Colby. My
felicitations on the happy outcome of your suit."
When Colby was gone Holmes stood for a time beside
the table, looking after him a little blankly, his hands knotted
into fists where they rested among the scrapbooks. He
whispered, "Damn him," as if he had forgotten my
presence in the room. "My God, I had not believed it . . . ."
Then, turning sharply, he went to the mantelpiece and
immediately withdrew from behind the clock the note which
Carstairs Delapore had sent to Colby. This he tucked into
an envelope and sealed. As he copied the direction he
asked in a stiff, expressionless tone, "What did you make
of our guest, Watson?"

"That success has made him bumptious," I replied, for
I had liked Colby less in his elevated and energized mood
than I had when he was merely unthinking about his own
and other peoples' money. "Holmes, what is it? What's
wrong?"
"Did you happen to notice which hand he wrote out his
direction with?"
I thought for a moment, picturing the man scribbling,
then said, "His left."
"Yet when he wrote the address of the Hotel Excelsior
the day before yesterday," said Holmes, "he did so with his
right hand."
"So he did." I came to his side and picked up the
tailor's bill, and compared the writing on it with that of the
Excelsior address, which lay on the table among the
scrapbooks and clippings. "That would account for the
hand being so very different."
Holmes said, "Indeed." But he spoke looking out the
window into Baker Street, and the harsh glare of the
morning sunlight gave his eyes a steely cast, faraway and
cold, as if he saw from a distance some terrible event
taking place. "I am going to Shropshire, Watson," he said
after a moment. "I'm leaving tonight, on the last train; I
should be back—"
"Then you find Viscount Gaius' sudden capitulation as
sinister as I do," I said.
He looked at me with blank surprise, as if that

construction of young Colby's information had been the
farthest thing from his mind. Then he laughed, a single
sharp mirthless breath, and said, "Yes. Yes, I find it . . .
sinister."
"Do you think young Colby is walking into some peril,
returning to Depewatch Priory?"
"I think my client is in peril, yes," said Holmes quietly.
"And if I cannot save him, then the least that I can do is
avenge."
Holmes at first refused to hear of me accompanying
him to the borders of Wales, sending instead a note to
Carnaki with instructions to be ready to depart by the eight
o'clock train. But when Billy the messenger-boy returned
with the information that Carnaki was away from home and
would not return until the following day, he assented,
sending a second communication to the young antiquarian
requesting that he meet us in the village of High Clum, a
few miles from Watchgate, the following day.
It puzzled me that Holmes should have chosen the late
train, if he feared for Colby's life should the young man
return to fetch his fiancée from the hands of the two
monomaniacs at Depewatch Priory. Still more did it puzzle
me that, upon our arrival at midnight in the market town of
High Clum, Holmes took rooms for us at the Cross of Gold,
as if he were deliberately putting distance between us and
the man he spoke of—when he could be induced to speak

at all—as if he were already dead.
In the morning, instead of attempting to communicate
with Colby, Holmes hired a pony trap and a boy to drive us
to the wooded ridge that divided High Clum from the vale in
which the village of Watchgate stood. "Queer folk there,"
the lad said, as the sturdy cob leaned into its collars on the
slope. "It's only a matter of four mile, but it's like as if they
lived in another land. You never do hear of one of their lads
come courtin' in Clum, and the folk there's so odd now none
of ours'n will go there. They come for the market, once a
week. Sometimes you'll see Mr. Carstairs drive to town, all
bent and withered up like a tree hit by lightnin', starin' about
him with those pale eyes: yellow hazel, like all the Delapore;
rotten apples my mum calls 'em. And old Gaius with him
sometimes, treatin' him like as if he was a dog, the way he
treats everyone."
The boy drew his horse to a halt, and pointed out
across the valley with his whip: "That'll be the Priory, sir."
After all that had been spoken of monstrous survivals
and ancient cults, I had half-expected to see some
blackened Gothic pile thrusting flamboyant spires above
the level of the trees. But in fact, as Carnaki had read in
William Punt's book, Depewatch Priory appeared, from
across the valley, to be simply a 'goodly manor of gray
stone,' its walls rather overgrown with ivy and several
windows broken and boarded shut. I frowned, remembering
the casual way in which Colby had thrown his sack of

guineas onto Holmes' table: Feed a cur and he'll shut up
barking . . . .
Yet old Gaius had originally turned down Colby's offer
to help him bring the Priory back into proper repair.
Behind the low roof-line of the original house I could
see what had to be the Roman tower Carnaki had spoken
of—beyond doubt the original "watch" of both priory and
village names. It had clearly been kept in intermittent repair
up until the early part of this century, an astonishing survival.
Beneath it, I recalled, Carnaki had said the sub-crypt lay:
the center of that decadent cult that dated to pre-Roman
times. I found myself wondering if old Gaius descended the
stairs to sleep on the ancient altar, as the notorious Lord
Rupert Grimsley had been said to sleep, and if so, what
dreams had come to him there.
After London's stuffy heat the thick-wooded foothills
were deliciously cool. The breezes brought the scent of
water from the heights, and the sharp nip of rain. Perhaps
this contrast was what brought upon me what happened
later that day, and that horrible night—I know not. For surely,
after I returned to the Cross of Gold, I must have come
down ill, and lain delirious. There is no other explanation—I
pray there is no other explanation—for the ghastly dreams,
worse than any delirium I experienced while sick with fever
in India, that dragged me through abysses of horror while I
slept and have for years shadowed not only my sleep, but
upon occasion my waking as well.

I remember that Holmes took the trap to the station to
meet Carnaki. I remember, too, sitting by the window of our
pleasant sitting-room, cleaning my pistol, for I feared that, if
Holmes had in fact found some proof that the evil Viscount
had kidnapped beggar-children for some ancient and
unspeakable rite, there might be trouble when we
confronted the old autocrat with it. I certainly felt no
preliminary shiver, no premonitory dizziness of fever, when I
rose to answer the knock at the parlor door.
The man who stood framed there could be no one but
Carstairs Delapore. "Withered all up like a tree hit by
lightnin'," the stable-lad had said: had his back been
straight he still would not have been as tall as I, and he
looked up at me sideways, twisting his head upon a skinny
neck like a bird's.
His eyes were a light hazel, almost golden, as the boy
had said.
They are my last memory of the waking world that
afternoon.
I dreamed of lying in darkness. I ached all over, my
neck and spine pinched and stiff, and from somewhere
near me I heard a thin, harsh sobbing, like an old man in
terror or pain. I called out: "Who is it? What is wrong?" and
my voice sounded hoarse in my own ears, like the rusty
caw of a crow, as alien as my body felt when I tried to
move.

"My God," sobbed the old man's voice, "my God, the
pit of six thousand stairs! It is Lammas-tide, the night of
sacrifice—dear God, dear God save me! Iä! ShubNiggurath! It waits for us, waits for us, the Goat With Ten
Thousand Young!"
I crawled across an uneven floor, wet and slimy, and
the smells around me were the scents of deep earth,
dripping rock, and far off the terrible fetors of still worse
things: corruption, charred flesh, and the sickeningly
familiar scent of incense. My hands touched my companion
in this darkness and he pulled away: "No, never! Fiends,
that you used poor Judith as bait, to bring me to you! The
Hooded Thing in the darkness taught you how, as it taught
others before you—showed you the passages in the Book
of Eibon—told you how to take the bodies of others, how to
leave their minds trapped in your old and dying body . . . the
body that you then sacrificed to them! A new body, a strong
body, a man's body, healthy and fit . . . ."
"Hush," I whispered, "hush, you are raving! Who are
you, where is this?" Again I touched his hands, and felt the
stick-like bones and flaccid, silky flesh of a very old man. At
the same moment those frail hands fumbled at my face, my
shoulders in the dark, and he cried out:
"Get away from me! You weren't good enough for him,
twisted and crippled and weak! And your daughter only a
woman, without the power of a man! It was all a trap, wasn't
it? A trap to lure me, thinking it was she who sent for me to

set her free . . . ." His thin voice rose to a shriek and he
thrust me from him with feeble hysteria. "And now you will
send me down to the pit, down to the pit of the shuggoths!"
As his sobs changed to thin, giggling laughter I heard a
stirring, far away in the darkness; a soughing, as if of the
movement of things infinitely huge, and soft.
I staggered to my feet, my legs responding queerly; I
reeled and limped like a drunken man. I followed the wall in
darkness, feeling it to be in places ancient stones set
without mortar, and in others the naked rock of the hill itself.
There was a door, desiccated wood strapped with iron that
grated, rusty and harsh, under my hands. I stumbled back
into the darkness, and struck against something—a stone
table, pitted with ancient carvings—and beside it found the
only means of egress, a square opening in the floor, in
which a flight of worn, shallow steps led downwards.
Gropingly I descended, hands outstretched on either
side to feel the wet rock of the wall that sometimes
narrowed to the straightest of seams: terrified of what might
lie below me, yet I feared to be in the power of the madmen
I knew to be above. I was dizzy, panting, my mind prey to a
thousand illusions, the most terrifying of which was that of
the sounds that I seemed to hear, not above me, but below.
In time the darkness glowed with thin smears of blue
phosphor, illuminating the abyss below me. Far down I
could descry a chamber, a sort of high-roofed cave where
the niter dripped from the walls and showed up a crumbling

stone altar, ruinously ancient and stained black with horrible
corruption. There was an obscene aberration to the entire
geometry of the chamber, as if the angles of floor and walls
should not have met in the fashion they appeared to; as if I
viewed an optical illusion, a trick of darkness and shadow.
From the innermost angle of that chamber darkness
issued, like a thicker flow of night, blackness that seemed
one moment to congeal into discrete forms which the next
proved to be only inchoate stirrings. Yet there was
something there, something the fear of which kept me from
moving on, from making a sound—from breathing, even,
lest the gasp of my breath bring upon me some
unimaginably nightmarish fate.
My fellow captive's high, hysterical giggling on the stair
above me drove me into a niche in the wet rock. He was
coming down—and he was not alone. Pressed into the
narrow darkness I only heard the sounds of bodies passing
on the stair. A moment later others followed them, while I
crouched, praying to all the gods ever worshipped by fearful
man to be spared the notice of anything that walked that
eldritch abyss. At the same moment sounds rose from
below, a rhythmless wailing or chittering that nevertheless
seemed to hold the form of music, underlain by a thick
lapping or surging sound, as if of thick, unspeakably vile
liquid rising among stones.
Looking around the sheltering coign of rock, I saw by
the growing purplish hell-glare below me the tall figure of
Burnwell Colby, standing beside the altar, an unfleshed

skull held upraised in his hands. Darkness ringed him, but it
seemed almost as if the skull itself gave light, a pulsing and
horrible radiation that showed me—almost—the shapes of
which the utter blackness was comprised. I bit my hand to
keep from crying out, and wondered that the pain of it did
not wake me; an old man lay on the altar, and by his
sobbing giggles I knew him to be he who had been shut
into the stone crypt above with me. Colby's deep voice rang
out above the strident piping: "Ygnaiih . . . ygnaiih . . .
thflthkh'ngha . . . ."
And the things in the darkness—horrible half-seen
suggestions of squamous, eyeless heads, of tentacles
glistening and of small round mouths opening and closing
with an appalling glint of teeth—answered with a thick and
greedy wail.
"H'ehye n'grkdl'lh, h'ehye . . . in the name of YogSothoth I call, I command . . . ."
Something—I know not what nor do I dare to think—
raised itself behind the altar, something shapeless that
glowed and yet seemed to swallow all light, hooded in utter
darkness. The old man on the altar began to scream, a high
thin steady shriek of absolute terror, and Colby shouted, "I
command you . . . I command . . . !" Then it seemed to me
that he gasped, and swallowed, as if his breath stopped
within his lungs, before he held up the skull again and cried,
"N'grkdl'lh y'bthnk, Shub-Niggurath! In the name of the
Goat With Ten Thousand Young I command!"

Then the darkness swallowed the altar, and where a
moment before I could see the old man writhing there I
could see only churning darkness, while a hideous fetor of
blood and death rolled up from the pit, nearly making me
faint. "Before the Five Hundred," cried Colby . . . then he
staggered suddenly, nearly dropping the skull he held.
"Before the Five Hundred . . . ."
He gasped, as if struggling to speak. The thing upon
the altar lifted its hooded head, and in the sudden silence
the dreadful lapping sound of the deeper darkness seemed
to fill the unholy place, and the far-off answering echo of the
now-silenced pipes.
Then with a cry Colby fell to his knees, the skull
slipping from his hands. He choked, grasping for it, and
from the darkness of the stair behind him another form
darted forward, small and slim, and stooped to snatch up
the talisman skull of the terrible ancestor who had ruled this
place.
"Ygnaiih, ygnaiih Yog-Sothoth!" cried a woman's
voice, high and powerful, filling the hideous chamber, and
the darkness that had surged forward toward her seemed
for a moment to close in as it had closed around the old
man on the altar, then to fall back. By the queer, actinic
luminosity of the skull I could see the woman's face, and
recognized her as Judith Delapore, niece and
granddaughter of the madmen who ruled Depewatch. Yet
how different from the sweet countenance painted on

Colby's miniature! Like the ivory mask of a goddess, cold
and lined with concentration, she bent her eyes on the
heaving swirl of nightmare that surrounded her, not even
glancing at her lover, who lay gasping, twisting in
convulsions at her feet. In a high, hard voice she repeated
the dreadful words of the incantations, and neither flinched
nor wavered as the dreadful things flittered and crawled
and bounced in the darkness.
Only when the hideous rite was ended, and the
unspeakable congregation had trickled away through the
blasphemous angle of the inner walls, did the young woman
lower the skull she held. She stood in her black gown,
outlined in the gleam of the niter on the walls, staring into
the abyss from which those dreadful unhuman things had
come, barely seeming to notice me as I stumbled and
staggered down the last of the stairs.
Of the old man's body that had lain upon the altar
nothing whatsoever remained. A thick layer of slime
covered the stone and ran down onto the floor, which was
perhaps half an inch deep in a brownish liquid that
glistened in the feeble blue gleam of the niter. Having seen
Burnwell Colby engulfed by that wriggling darkness I
staggered to where he had lain with some confused idea of
helping him, but as I dropped to my knees I saw that only a
lumpy mass of half-dissolved flesh and bones remained.
The bones themselves had the appearance of being
charred, almost melted. I looked up in horror at the woman
with the skull and her eyes met mine, clear golden hazel,

like other eyes I could not quite recall. Her eyes widened
and filled with anger and hate:
"You," she whispered. "So you did not take him after
all?"
I only shook my head, her words making no sense to
me in my shaken state, and she went on, "As you have
seen, Uncle, it is I, now, and not Grandfather—Grandfather
who has not existed for over fifty years—who rules now
here." And to my horror she held out her hand toward that
hideously anomalous angle of the walls where the darkness
lay waiting. "Y'bfnk—ng'haiie . . . ."
I cried out. At the same instant light blazed up on the
stairway that led to the upper and innocent realms of the
ignorant world: blue-white incandescence, like lightning,
and the crackle of ozone filled the reeking air.
"My dear Miss Delapore," said Holmes, "if you will
pardon my interruption, I fear you are laboring under a
misapprehension." He came down the last of the stair,
bearing in one hand a metal rod, from which a flickering
corona of electricity seemed to sparkle, flowing back to a
similar rod held up by Carnaki, who followed him down the
stair. Carnaki wore a sort of pack or rucksack upon his
back, of the kind one sees porters in Constantinople
carrying; a dozen wires joined it to the rod in his hand, and
lightnings leaped from that rod to Holmes', seeming to
surround the two men in a deadly nimbus of light. The cold
glare blanched all color from his face, so that his eyebrows

stood out nearly black, like a man who has received a
mortal blow and bleeds within.
Looking down at me he asked, as if we shared a cup
of tea at Baker Street, "What was your wife's favorite
flower?"
Miss Delapore, startled, opened her mouth to speak,
but I cried in a convulsion of grief: "How can you ask that,
Holmes? How can you speak of my Mary in this place, after
what we have seen? Her life was all goodness, all joy, and
it was for nothing, do you understand? If this—this
blasphemy—this monstrous abyss underlies all of our
world, how can any good, any joy exist in safety? It is a
mockery—love, care, tenderness . . . it means nothing, and
we are all fools for believing in any of it . . . ."
"Watson!" thundered Holmes, and again Miss
Delapore turned her eyes to him in astonishment.
"Watson?" she whispered.
His gaze held mine, and he asked again: "What was
Mrs. Watson's favorite flower?"
"Lily of the valley," I said, and buried my face in my
hands. Even as I did so I saw—such was the horror and
strangeness of my dream—that they were the hands of an
elderly man, thin and twisted with arthritis, and the weddingband that I had never ceased to wear with my Mary's death
was gone. "But none of it matters now, nor ever will again,
knowing what I now know of the true nature of this world."
Through my weeping I heard Carnaki say softly, "We'll

have to switch off the electrical field. I don't think we can get
him up the stairs."
"You will be safe," said Miss Delapore's voice. "I
command Them now—as did my grandfather, or the thing
that for so many years passed itself off as my grandfather. I
knew his goal—its goal—was to take over Burnwell's body,
as it had taken over my grandfather's fifty years ago. He
despised my uncle, as he despised my father, and as he
despised me as a woman, thinking us all too weak to
withstand the power raised by the Rite of the Book of
Eibon. Why else did he bring me home from school, save
to lure that poor American to his fate?"
"With a letter blotted with tears," said Holmes drily.
"Even in the margins, and the blank upper portion by the
address. Hardly the places where a girl's tears would fall
while writing, but it's difficult to keep drops from spattering
there when they're dipped from a bedroom pitcher with the
fingers."
"Had I not written that letter," she replied, "it would be I,
not Grandfather, who was given to the Hooded One tonight.
At least by luring Burnwell to me I was able to give him
poison—brown spider-mushroom, that does not take effect
for many days. Grandfather would have had him, one way
or another—he does not give up easily."
"And was it you who sent for him, to meet your
grandfather in Brighton?"
"No. But I knew it would come. When Grandfather—

when Lord Rupert's vampire spirit—entered poor
Burnwell's body, that body was already dying, though none
knew it but I. I knew Uncle Carstairs had mastered the
technique too, of crossing from body to body—I assume it
is you who were his target, and not your friend."
"Even so," said Holmes, and his voice was quiet and
bitterly cold. "He underestimated me—and both
underestimated you, it seems."
And there was the smallest touch of defiance in her
voice as she replied, "Men do. Yourself included, it seems."
The snapping hiss of the electricity ceased. I opened
my eyes to see them kneeling around me, in the horror of
that nighted cavern: Holmes and Carnaki, holding their
electrical rods to either of my hands, and Miss Delapore
looking into my eyes. Somehow despite the darkness I
could see her clearly, could see into her golden eyes, as
one can in dreams. What she said to me I do not
remember, lost as it was in the shock and cold when
Carnaki touched the switch . . . .
I opened my eyes to summer morning. My head ached;
when I brought my hand up to touch it, I saw that my wrists
were bruised and chafed, as if I had been bound. "You
were off your head for much of the night," said Holmes,
sitting beside the bed. "We feared you would do yourself an
injury—indeed, you gave us great cause for concern."
I looked around me at the simple wall-paper and white

curtains of my bedroom at the Cross of Gold in High Clum. I
stammered, "I don't remember what happened . . . ."
"Fever," said Carnaki, coming into the room with a
slender young lady whom I instantly recognized from the
miniature Burnwell Colby had showed us as Miss Judith
Delapore. "I have never seen so rapid a rise of temperature
in so short a time; you must have taken quite a severe chill."
I shook my head, wondering what it was about Miss
Delapore's haggard calm, about her golden-hazel eyes,
that filled me with such uneasy horror. "I remember
nothing," I said. "Dreams . . . . Your uncle came here, I
believe," I added, after Holmes had introduced the young
lady. "At least . . . I believe it was your uncle . . . ." Why was I
so certain that the wizened, twisted little man who had
come to my room—whom I believed had come to my room
—yesterday had been Carstairs Delapore? I could recall
nothing of what he had said. Only his eyes . . . .
"It was my uncle," said Miss Delapore, and as I looked
at her again I realized that she wore mourning. "You
remember nothing of why he came here yesterday? For
before he could mention the visit to anyone at the Priory . . .
." And here she glanced across at Holmes; "He fell down
the stairs there, and died at the bottom."
I expressed my horrified condolences, while trying to
suppress an inexplicable sense of deepest relief that I
somehow associated with dreams I had had while
delirious. After inclining her head in thanks, Miss Delapore

turned to Holmes, and held out to him a box of stout red
cardboard, tied up with string. "As I promised," she said.
I lay back, overcome again by a terrible exhaustion—
as much of the spirit, it seemed, as of the body. While
Carnaki prepared a sedative draught for me Holmes
walked Miss Delapore out to our mutual parlor, and I heard
the outer door open.
"I have heard much of your deductive abilities, Mr.
Holmes," said the young woman's voice, barely heard
through the half-open bedroom door. "How did you know
that my uncle, who must have come here to take you as my
grandfather took Burnwell, had seized upon your friend
instead?"
"There was no deduction necessary, Miss Delapore,"
said Holmes. "I know Watson—and I know what I have
heard of your uncle. Would Carstairs Delapore have come
down into danger, to see what he could do for an injured
man?"
"Do not think ill of my family, Mr. Holmes," said Miss
Delapore, after a time of silence. "The way which leads
down the six thousand stairs cannot be sealed. It must
always have a guardian. That is the nature of such things.
And it is always easier to find a venal successor who is
willing to trade to Them the things They want—the blood
They crave—in exchange for gifts and services, than to find
one willing to serve a lonely guardianship solely that the
world above may remain safe. They feared Lord Rupert—if

the thing that all knew as Lord Rupert was in fact not some
older spirit still. His bones, buried in the sub-crypt, shall, I
hope, prove a barrier that They are unwilling to cross. Now
that the skull, which was the talisman that commanded
Their favors, is gone, perhaps there will be less temptation
among those who study in the house."
"There is always temptation, Miss Delapore," said
Holmes.
"Get thee behind me, Mr. Holmes," replied the
woman's voice, with a touch of silvery amusement far
beyond her years. "I saw what that temptation did to my
uncle, in his desperate craving to snatch the rule of the
things from my grandfather. I saw what my grandfather
became. These are things I shall remember, when the time
comes to seek a disciple of my own."
I was drowsing already from Carnaki's draught when
Holmes returned to the bedroom. "Did you speak to
Colby?" I asked, struggling to keep my eyes open as he
went to the table and picked up the red cardboard box. "Is
he all right?" For my dreams as to his fate had been foul,
terrible, and equivocal. "Warn him . . . prevent the old
Viscount from doing harm?"
Holmes hesitated for a long time, looking down at me
with a concern that I did not quite understand in his eyes. "I
did," he replied at length. "To such effect that Viscount
Gaius has disappeared from the district—for good, one
hopes. But as for Burnwell, he too has . . . departed. I fear

that Miss Delapore is destined to lead a rather difficult and
lonely life."
He glanced across at Carnaki, who was packing up
what appeared to be an electrical battery and an array of
steel rods and wires into a rucksack, the purpose of which I
could not imagine. Their eyes met. Then Carnaki nodded,
very slightly, as if approving what Holmes had said.
"Because of what was revealed," I asked, stifling a
terrible yawn, "about this . . . this blackmail that was being
practiced? The young hound, to desert a young lady like
that." My eyelids slipped closed. I fought them open again,
seized by sudden panic, by the terror that I might slide into
sleep and find myself again in that dreadful abyss, watching
the horrible things that fluttered and crept from those angles
of darkness that should not have been there. "Did you
learn . . . anything of these studies they practiced?"
"Indeed we did," said Carnaki. And then, a little airily,
"There was nothing in them, though."
"What did Miss Delapore bring you, then?"
"Merely a memento of the case," said Holmes. "As for
young Mr. Colby, do not be too hard on him, Watson. He
did the best he could, as do we all. I am not sure that he
would have been entirely happy with Miss Delapore in any
event. She was . . . much the stronger of the two."
Holmes never did elucidate for me the means by which
he bridged the gap between his supposition that Viscount

Delapore was engaged in kidnapping children for the
purposes of some vile cult centered in Depewatch Priory,
and evidence sufficient to make that evil man flee the
country. If he and Carnaki found such evidence at the Priory
—which I assume was the reason he had asked the young
antiquarian to accompany us to Shropshire—he did not
speak to me of it. Indeed, he showed a great reluctance to
refer to the case at all.
For this I was grateful. The effects of the fever I had
caught were slow to leave me, and even as much as three
years later I found myself prey to the sense that I had
learned—and mercifully forgotten—something that would
utterly destroy all my sense of what the world is and should
be; that would make either life or sanity impossible, if it
should turn out to be true.
Only once did Holmes mention the affair, some years
later, during a conversation on Freud's theories of insanity,
when he spoke in passing of the old Viscount Delapore's
conviction—evidently held by others in what is now termed
a folie à deux—that the old man had in fact been the
reincarnated or astrally transposed spirit of Lord Rupert
Grimsley, once Lord of Depewatch Priory. And then he
spoke circumspectly, watching me, as if he feared to wake
my old dreams again and cause me many sleepless nights.
I can only be sorry that the case ended without firm
conclusion, for it did, as Holmes promised me that night on
the Embankment, show me unsuspected colors in the

spectrum of human mentality and human existence. Yet this
was not an unmixed blessing. For though I know that my
fever-dream was no more than that—a fantastic
hallucination brought on by illness and by Carnaki's own
curious monomania about otherworld cults and ancient
writings—sometimes in the shadowland between sleep
and waking I think of that terrible blue-lit abyss that lies
beneath an old Priory on the borders of Wales, and
imagine that I hear the eerie piping of chaos rising up out of
blasphemous angles of night. And in my dreams I see
again the enigmatic Miss Delapore, standing before the
chittering congregation of nightmares, holding aloft in her
hands the skull of Lord Rupert Grimsley: the skull that now
reposes in a corner of Holmes' room, wrapped in its red
cardboard box.

Dynamics of a Hanging
by Tony Pi
Tony Pi has a Ph.D. in Linguistics and currently works
as an administrator at the Cinema Studies Institute at
the University of Toronto. At the time of this writing, he
is a finalist for the John W. Campbell Award for best
new writer. His work has appeared in (or is
forthcoming
from) Abyss & Apex , On Spec,
Intergalactic Medicine Show, and the anthologies
Ages of Wonder, Cinema Spec, and Writers of the
Future XXIII. He is currently working on a novel
manuscript about the shapeshifters who first appeared
in his story "Metamorphoses in Amber," which was a
finalist for the Prix Aurora Award.
Most people know Lewis Carroll (the pen name of
Charles Lutwidge Dodgson) as the author of Alice's
Adventures in Wonderland. Dodgson became good
friends with the family of one of his academic
colleagues, the Liddells, and would often take their
children along with him when he went rowing on the
nearby rivers. During these expeditions he would
make up fanciful tales to entertain the children, and
one of the girls, Alice, was so enchanted that she

begged Dodgson to write it all down. The enthusiastic
reception for the manuscript by fantasy author George
MacDonald and his children convinced Dodgson to
pursue publication. Dodgson's private life has been
the subject of intense speculation, especially regarding
his relationship with the Liddells. (Dodgson's family
apparently destroyed several pages of his diary,
presumably to protect his reputation.) We know that he
was tormented by feelings of guilt and shame, which
apparently restrained him from following his father into
the priesthood. It's all very mysterious. One thing that's
beyond any doubt though is that Dodgson
demonstrated brilliance in many different fields.
Notably, he held a lectureship in mathematics, and
wrote books on logic. It's those abilities that he puts to
good use in our next adventure.
It was in the fall of 1891 that I received a telegram from
the Reverend Charles Dodgson, inviting me to his
residence in Guildford, Surrey. It was not for a medical
consultation, but of vital importance to the present trial of
the Moriarty gang: the mystery of Professor Moriarty's
cipher.
Reverend Dodgson was both an author of children's
books and a mathematician. My wife was fond of the Alice
books under his nom-de-plume, Lewis Carroll, while
Holmes once recommended me to read his Game of Logic

to hone my analytical reasoning. It surprised me that
Dodgson knew of the coded notebooks, as their existence
had been suppressed. It was not five months ago that my
friend Sherlock Holmes perished at Reichenbach Falls in
his final confrontation with James Moriarty. Even in death,
Holmes struck a fatal blow against Moriarty's criminal
confederates, leaving documents that thoroughly
incriminated them. Inspector Patterson invited me to
examine the materials recovered from one of Moriarty's
secret lairs: vials of opiates among blueprints and
handwritten musical scores; purloined paintings beside
burned account books; and most intriguing, notebooks
written in Moriarty's hand, the oldest of which had a page
torn out.
Moriarty's notebooks contained mathematical
formulae interspersed with code. Mycroft Holmes
speculated it was a Vigenère cipher, but even he couldn't
solve it. "Alas, both the Kasiski and Kerckhoffs methods
failed," said Mycroft. "If only we knew what the coded
messages were about. Are they musings on mathematics,
or something more sinister? Find the key, Watson, and
we'll glimpse Moriarty's mind."
I was intrigued by Dodgson's message. Did he know
the key, when even Mycroft Holmes failed? I immediately
dispatched a telegram accepting his invitation.
Thus I found myself in Guildford, sipping tea with
Charles Dodgson in his parlour. The Reverend, a thin man

with uneven blue eyes and sloped shoulders, tilted his left
ear towards me as we talked.
"My condolences, Doctor Watson, on the untimely
passing of Mr. Holmes," said he. "I fear I must bear some of
the burden for his demise."
"Oh? Did you know him?" I asked.
"I knew of Holmes at Oxford, though we never met. It
was James Moriarty I knew, through our years at Christ
Church debating mathematics and logic. Is there a volume
from Moriarty's effects, with a single coded page torn out?"
"Indeed!" I exclaimed. "How did you know?"
"Because I have that page." Dodgson retrieved a copy
of Through the Looking Glass from his collection. Tucked
within was the coded page he spoke of, folded and
yellowed with age. "Tenniel's Jabberwock illustration
always reminds me of Moriarty, hypnotic and serpentine."
"How did you get this?"
"That, Doctor, is a twisted tale," said he. "It began with
the Order of Copernicus, and ended with the tragic murder
of a young prodigy named Arthur Doyle."
The Order of Copernicus is a fellowship of scholars,
physicians, mathematicians and philosophers. The
Copernicans often invite new members to enrich their
symposia with fresh ideas and voices. Moriarty first
introduced me to the Order years ago, after he completed
his dissertation on the Binomial Theorem. I found their

debates enthralling, and participated whenever I could.
In early summer, 1879, Moriarty and I were invited to
Aston by a fellow Copernican, Doctor Reginald Hoare.
Reginald introduced us to his young lodger, Arthur Doyle, a
medical student who was working as a dispensing
assistant taking house calls on Reginald's behalf. I found
him an engaging conversationalist and a sharp observer.
"What do you plan to do with your future, Arthur?" I
asked.
"Surgery, sir," said Arthur. "I'm very much inspired by
Doctor Bell at the Edinburgh University. But I'd also like to
become a writer like you, actually, and have written some
stories for Reginald's children. Edgar Allan Poe's another
inspiration, and I'm attempting a mystery now."
"Poe! Now there was a true Copernican. I heard he
was a great cryptographer," I said.
Moriarty disagreed. "He indulged in substitution
codes, barely worth the effort to solve, unlike Vigenère
ciphers."
Arthur asked what a Vigenère cipher was.
"It's based on the Caesar cipher, which shifted letters
by a chosen number of positions, looping back to the
beginning of the alphabet if necessary," I explained. "Shift
the word JABBERWOCKY four positions to the right, you'd
have NEFFIVSGOC. To solve the coded message, apply
the shift in reverse.
"The Vigenère cipher uses a keyword where each

letter in the alphabet represented a different shift. For
example, if ALICE were my keyword, that would mean
shifts of 0, 11, 8, 2, and 5. The keyword is repeated as
needed,
and
so
JABBERWOCKY
becomes
JLJDIRHWEOY."
Moriarty nodded. "There are mathematical ways to
solve a Vigenère code. Kasiski's method determines the
length of the keyword by measuring distances between
repeating combinations, then uses frequency analysis to
break the code. Kerckhoffs' method focuses on solving the
keyword itself."
"Moriarty, didn't you have a notebook at Christ Church
where you jotted down your formulae?" I asked. "You used
a cipher on the annotations. Was that Vigenère?"
Moriarty smiled. "It was, to ensure that the musings
and errors of my youth were for my eyes alone. But I'm
confident that my code cannot be broken by either the
Kerckhoffs or Kasiski solutions. They assume the keyword
would be short, and repeated. But if the keyword's
significantly long, like a piece of text, then a coded
message would be virtually unbreakable."
"Respectfully, Professor, the keyword may be
impervious to analysis, but the codemaker is not," said
Arthur. "At medical school, Professor Bell taught us to
observe the person as well as the disease in our
diagnoses. By analyzing the man's habits, experiences and
indulgences, one can deduce the choice of text he uses for

his code."
"You presume to unriddle my cipher by mere
observation?" asked Moriarty.
"If I had the chance to get to know you better,
Professor, I daresay I could figure out your code," said
Arthur.
"I know a challenge when I hear one! Reginald, indulge
me by releasing Arthur from his obligations on weekends.
My university's not far, and I will pay for travel and lodging.
He may observe me in my element, while I in turn will
mentor him and provide him with a sample of cipher to
unriddle. If he succeeds by summer's end, I will pay his
tuition."
Moriarty had obviously taken a liking to Arthur Doyle,
perhaps eager to guide a young man into his genius.
Reginald heartily agreed. "If he doesn't fall behind his
duties here, why not?"
Arthur smiled. "It will be a pleasure learning from you,
Professor."
"Before I forget, gentlemen, Samuel Haughton left
these for you on his last visit," Reginald said, giving us
each a copy of a treatise titled On Hanging. Reverend
Haughton was a doctor and fellow Copernican from Dublin
who dabbled in mathematics. "Haughton claims the
mathematics of hanging can be useful in medicine.
Humane versus inhumane hangings: depending on the
criminal's weight and the length of drop, it could mean the

difference between a quick death from snapping his spinal
cord, to a long death from strangulation."
We argued awhile over the need for executions, with
Moriarty maintaining ambivalence. When the topic
somehow drifted onto the three-body problem in
astronomy, which I had little interest in, Arthur and I excused
ourselves so I could see his story manuscripts.
Arthur's room was modest, and his desk cluttered with
papers on medicine, scraps of writing, and sheet music.
Among his medical books were works by Burton, Dickens,
Leibniz, and of course, Poe. He moved a violin case off a
chair so I could sit and read his stories. I found them wellwritten and engaging, and encouraged Arthur to continue
writing.
Arthur retrieved a book bound in red Moroccan leather,
gilt in silver: a copy of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland .
"Would you mind signing this, Reverend, for Herr Gleiwitz? I
see him on my rounds, and feel sorry for the man. He's
down on his luck, raising his children on what little income
he receives from giving German lessons. Perhaps your
book will give his family some joy."
I gladly signed the copy.
Arthur wrote to me at Oxford thereafter, telling me of
his tutelage under Moriarty. At first, his letters were
ebullient, saying that the Professor's cunning rivaled that of
Doctor Bell's. Whereas Bell emphasized observation,
Moriarty taught him anticipation. Predicting behaviour was

as crucial as establishing history, he wrote, explaining
Moriarty's philosophy. The world was a chessboard and
men were as predictable as game pieces.
But Arthur's later letters were sombre, hinting at a rift
between himself and Moriarty. Did Moriarty's enthusiasm
for his student turn to envy? Or did Arthur discover
Moriarty's dark dealings? In any event, it spelled death for
him.
In late summer, both Moriarty and I accepted an
invitation from a fellow Copernican in London. On our third
night there, upon our return from the symphony, we learned
by telegram that tragedy had struck: Arthur Doyle was found
dead, hanged.
"Arthur had been concerned about matters in Aston,
but refused to say more," said Moriarty, stunned by the
news. "I ought to have foreseen disaster."
I consoled him. "How could you have known?"
"We owe it to the boy to investigate his death,
Charles," he insisted.
And so Moriarty and I returned to Aston, bearing our
condolences to Reginald.
Reginald recounted the details of Arthur's death.
"Arthur had returned from house calls and retired to his
room that evening as usual. The following morning, we were
shocked to hear Arthur had been found in the bell tower at
St. Mary's, the church down the street. Inspector Ives took
me there to identify Arthur's body."

"Cause of death?" asked Moriarty.
"All the signs pointed towards asphyxiation. Inspector
Ives believes it was suicide," said Reginald.
"Arthur would hardly take his own life," said Moriarty.
"Reginald, come with us and describe what you saw?"
Reluctantly, the good doctor accompanied us to St.
Mary's. The bell tower was several stories tall, with a ladder
up to a trapdoor that led into the belfry. The bell's rope
dangled through a large opening in the belfry floor.
"The noose was tied to the bell's gudgeon," explained
Reginald. "He was dangling six feet off the ground when we
found him. He couldn't have kicked away a support, or we'd
have discovered one. He must have jumped from the bell
chamber."
"He could have pushed off the ladder," observed
Moriarty. "But the momentum might have swung his body
into the wall opposite. Any bruising on his arms or legs?"
"No," said Reginald.
"A dying man's instinct is to claw at the noose, even if
he intended to die. Did you find any scratch marks around
his neck?" continued Moriarty.
"No."
"But his hands weren't bound?"
"Correct."
"Then the evidence points towards a sudden drop from
above," said Moriarty. "Except that's impossible."
"Why?" asked Reginald, perplexed.

"Mathematics," I explained, remembering Haughton's
treatise on hanging. "Given his weight, a rope that
exceeded twelve feet would make the force of the drop so
great that the noose wouldn't simply snap his neck, it would
cut clean through."
Moriarty nodded. "Given the marks on his neck, where
was the noose's knot placed, Reginald?"
"Corner of his left jaw."
"A knot placed there would throw the head back upon
falling, resulting in a fracture or dislocation of the neck. He
would have died of a snapped neck, not strangulated,"
Moriarty concluded. "We're faced with contradictory facts.
Arthur couldn't have jumped from that height without
decapitation, but neither could he have hung himself in a
manner consistent with asphyxiation."
"A vorpal paradox indeed," I agreed.
"That leaves but one conclusion: that Arthur Doyle was
dead before someone strung him up," said Moriarty.
"Perhaps he was strangled in his sleep? Marks from a
garrote would have been hidden by the bruising of the
noose," I suggested.
"Perhaps. His room may yield more clues," said
Moriarty.
In Arthur's room, Moriarty moved a familiar red,
leather-bound book gilt in gold off the desk, and rifled
through the young man's papers.
"Here's a draft of a paper he was writing for the British

Journal," said Moriarty. " The Uses of
Gelseminum As A Poison , by Arthur Conan Doyle. Arthur
Medical

had been experimenting on himself with gelseminum, also
known as jessamine, in the interest of medical research.
We have our poison, gentlemen."
"Poisoned! I thought his death was consistent with
respiratory failure," I said.
"Do you know what gelseminum does, Reginald?"
asked Moriarty.
"It's efficacious against spasmodic disorders, like
epilepsy and hysteria, inhibiting nerve control and respitory
functions," replied Reginald. "A large enough dose would
paralyze a man, even arrest his breathing and stop his
heart! I naturally assumed it was strangulation by hanging,
and never considered poison. You are as brilliant as Arthur
said, Moriarty!"
Moriarty cracked a thin smile. "It takes only
observation to tell truth from lie."
"But who would kill him, and why?" I asked.
"I suspect if Reginald inventories his medicinal store,
he'll discover narcotics missing," said Moriarty, with utter
confidence. "Suppose Arthur was blackmailed into stealing
the drugs. He might have threatened to go to the police,
forcing his blackmailers to eliminate him quietly with an
overdose of gelseminum, of which Arthur had in sufficient
quantity to kill. To conceal their crime, they hoisted up his
body in the bell tower to suggest suicide."

Reginald paled. "Arthur, embroiled in such dreadful
business?"
"Appearances can be deceiving," said Moriarty. "Let
us check the dispensary." They left, but I stayed behind to
say a prayer for the lad.
Moriarty's analysis seemed plausible, but I didn't
believe it of Arthur. I observed two peculiarities. Arthur's
violin case was missing, and the book on the desk was a
copy of Through the Looking Glass,
not Alice's
Adventures in Wonderland. I had chosen the different gilt
decorations for each myself. I flipped open the cover and
found a forgery of my signature, but not a good one: my
name was misspelled. It read: C.L. Dodgson (alias Lewis
Carlool).
Why would Arthur go to the trouble of forging my
signature, but spell it wrong? I came to the conclusion that
Arthur left that clue for me alone. No one else would know I
hadn't signed Looking Glass.
Reginald checked his inventory and discovered that
drugs were indeed missing. Further forensic examination of
Arthur's body confirmed he died of gelseminum poisoning,
and the police started a search for Arthur's killers. Moriarty
returned to his college, but I stayed behind in Acton to
investigate the lead of the forged autograph. I made some
quiet inquiries and found Herr Gleiwitz, who welcomed me
into his home.
"Mr. Doyle had been kind to us, God rest his soul,"

said Herr Gleiwitz. "Once, when I couldn't pay for the
medicine, he gave me his watch and said I should sell it. I
tried to give it back, but he wouldn't have it. Several days
ago, he gave my eldest a violin and made the boy promise
to learn how to play." He brought the instrument for my
examination.
I could find no hidden compartments in the violin case,
but I discovered a folded piece of paper inside the violin
through its F-holes. It took several frustrating tries to get it
out intact. It was a torn page written in code in Moriarty's
hand, and it must have been worth killing for. For the first
time, I suspected that James Moriarty murdered Arthur
Doyle in cold blood.
I was certain that Arthur had done what he promised:
he had deduced Moriarty's key by observation alone. But
the younger Moriarty was proud, and would have taken
great risks to protect his secrets. And so he orchestrated
Arthur's murder, with the perfect alibi—he was in London
with me. He then hid his own involvement by playing
detective to his own crime. What better way to throw the
police off his scent?
I asked Herr Gleiwitz never to speak of my visit, and
returned to Oxford. I worked in frenzy to solve the code, but
to no avail. Finally, I decided to visit Moriarty, to observe
him as Arthur had, look into his eyes, and hope to find a
soul.
I called on Moriarty in late September, bringing pages

for my next book, Curiosa Mathematica, Part Two , as
pretext. Soon we were discussing math problems over tea
in his den.
Moriarty's taste in books was eclectic: art, algebra,
music, astronomy. There were so many texts that could be
his Vigenère key, it would have taken months just to check
the coded page against the first few pages of each book!
Moriarty remained the confident and controlled
gentleman he always was. But when I mentioned that he
never did express his views on capital punishment, a sneer
crept onto his face. "Death is the only punishment." He
smirked, then turned the topic to eighteenth-century
painters. It was enough to convince me that he hid the heart
of a villain.
Yet I had no evidence. If I went to the police with only an
unsolved page of code, I too would have been marked for
death. I resolved to engineer Moriarty's fall in secret. So I
wrote anonymous letters to key figures in his university
town, hinting at shady dealings. The vile rumours spread,
and soon Moriarty resigned his chair, retiring to London to
become an army coach.
I thought the loss of the professorship would have
taught him a lesson, but I was wrong. Instead, he built a
veneer of self-effacement after his resignation, and
became supremely cautious. I wonder what hand I had in
his perfection as a criminal mastermind?

Reverend Dodgson stopped there, and I poured him
another cup of tea. "Why didn't Arthur tell someone? Or
write a letter detailing what he discovered?" I asked.
"Moriarty would have silenced anyone who knew.
Written declarations might have been found and destroyed.
I suspect the forgery of my name was the only clue left
intact," said Dodgson.
"And still unsolved, I gather," I said.
"You have it, Doctor Watson," agreed Dodgson. "I was
hoping we could solve the key together."
I was about to suggest enlisting Mycroft's aid, but
young Arthur Doyle had meant the message for Dodgson,
so it must draw upon the Reverend's personal knowledge.
Perhaps all he needed were my insights into the problem,
as wrong as they might be, to help him arrive at the right
answer.
"The misspelled name, Carlool. Was that the key
word?" I asked.
"No. It has to be a long text, as Moriarty said, to foil
simple decoding."
"Could the code be based on Wonderland or Looking
Glass?"
"Doubtful. Moriarty used the notebook while he was
writing his dissertation, which was years before I wrote
those books."
What would Holmes say? He'd ask me how I'd send a
message to a mathematician. With numbers, I'd reply.

And there was the answer. "The point of departure
from your nom-de-plume comes after Car. It isn't lool, but
one-thousand and one!" I cried triumphantly.
Dodgson's eyes widened. "I never thought of that."
"Moriarty used Burton's The Book of the Thousand
Nights and a Night as his key, then," I said, remembering
Dodgson's list of Arthur's books.
"But that was published in 1885, years after Arthur's
death. He would only know of Burton's travel writings,"
argued Dodgson.
I thought about it further. "Poe write a story called The
Thousand-and-Second Tale of Scheherazade ? Not an
exact match to one-thousand and one, and I'm certain it
was published in 1845. Didn't Arthur have a copy of Poe on
his shelves?"
"Books? Wait, Arthur read Leibniz!" said Dodgson
excitedly. "Gottfried Leibniz invented the binary number
system. In binary, one-zero-zero-one is the number nine.
Also, one-thousand-and-one is the product of three
consecutive prime numbers: seven, eleven, and thirteen.
They would be consecutive odd numbers but for the
conspicuous absence of the number nine. Arthur hid that
number twice in plain sight!"
"But how would nine be the key?" I asked.
We wrestled over the new question. My thoughts kept
drifting back to Holmes. What would he consider next?
He'd be fascinated by that violin, of course—

"The violin!" I cried. "It's no accident that the note was
hidden in it; it's the missing clue. Moriarty loved music,
didn't he?"
"He did," said Dodgson.
"If he wanted to remember a passage as a key, the
lyrics of a song might be easiest to remember," I
suggested. "And there's one symphony set to lyrics."
"Beethoven's Ninth, Ode to Joy!" he exclaimed.
"Friedrich von Schiller's poem set to music, in the original
German. That's why Moriarty was confident that a
Kerckhoffs statistical analysis of his key would fail. Letter
frequencies differ from language to language."
We immediately set about deciphering the page using
Ode to Joy as the key. It took many tries to determine how
the key aligned to the code, but we barely noticed the
passage of time. At last, Dodgson finished deciphering the
entire page.
"What does it say?" I asked, breathless.
"It alludes to Moriarty's triumphant murder of his
mentor, someone who was as devilish as he was."
Dodgson handed me the coded page and its solution.
"Alas, the name does not appear on this page, but the rest
of the notebook should reveal who made Moriarty what he
was, how he died, and why."
"And perhaps other crimes, other accomplices," I
added. Now that we had the right key, we would learn at
last about Moriarty and the trials that shaped him. "I'll let

Mycroft Holmes know. Thank you, Reverend."
"No, thank you for restoring a man's good name,
Doctor Watson. Holmes would be proud," said Dodgson.
"At long last, we've put Arthur Doyle's ghost to rest."

Merridew of Abominable
Memory
by Chris Roberson
Chris Roberson's latest novels are Three Unbroken,
Dawn of War II, End of the Century, and Book of
Secrets, the first in his Nekropolis series. His short
stories have appeared in several anthologies, such as
The Many Faces of Van Helsing , FutureShocks, and
Sideways in Crime, and in a variety of magazines,
including Asimov's and Interzone. He is a winner of
the Sidewise Award for best works of alternate history,
and his novel The Dragon's Nine Sons was a finalist
for this year's award. In addition to being a writer,
Roberson (along with his wife, Allison) is the publisher
of indie press MonkeyBrain Books.
William Faulkner wrote, "The past isn't dead. It isn't
even past." The past is always with us, the only guide
we have for judging how we should act in the present
and in the future. And yet our understanding of even
our own pasts is gravely limited by our memory. Many
people would likely be shocked to be confronted with
just how unreliable their memory can be. Eyewitness

testimony is often hopelessly confused, and many
innocent people have gone to prison on the basis of
false memories of childhood abuse. On the other hand
there are people with staggeringly precise memories,
who can recite pi to thousands of decimal places, or
remember what they were doing on any day for the
past several decades. Often such exceptional memory
comes at the price of some other cognitive
impairment. Sherlock Holmes, upon his return from the
dead in "The Adventure of the Empty House," remarks
on various criminals of his acquaintance whose names
begin with M. "Moriarty himself is enough to make any
letter illustrious," says Holmes, "and here is Morgan
the poisoner, and Merridew of abominable memory."
What follows is the story of this Merridew—a tale you
won't soon forget.
The old man reclined on a chaise-longue, warmed by
the rays of the rising sun which slanted through the windows
on the eastern wall. In the garden below, he could see the
other patients and convalescents already at work tending
the greenery with varying degrees of attention. The gardens
of the Holloway Sanatorium were the responsibility of the
patients, at least those tasks which didn't involve sharp
implements, and the nurses and wardens saw to it that the
grounds were immaculate. Not that the patients ever
complained, of course. Tending a hedge or planting a row

of flowers was serene and contemplative compared to the
stresses which had lead most of the patients to take refuge
here, dirty fingernails and suntanned necks notwithstanding.
No one had asked John Watson to help tend the
garden, but then, he could hardly blame them. Entering the
middle years of his eighth decade of life, his days of useful
manual labor were far behind him, even if he wasn't
plagued by ancient injuries in leg and shoulder. But it was
not infirmities of the body that had led John here to Virginia
Water in Surry; rather, it was a certain infirmity of the mind.
John's problem was memory, or memories to be
precise. The dogged persistence of some, the fleeting loss
of others. Increasingly in recent months and years, he had
found it difficult to recall the present moment, having trouble
remembering where he was, and what was going on
around him. At the same time, though, recollections of
events long past were so strong, so vivid, that they seemed
to overwhelm him. Even at the best of times, when he felt in
complete control of his faculties, he still found that the
memories of a day forty years past were more vivid than his
recollections of the week previous.
John had been content to look upon these bouts of
forgetfulness as little more than occasional lapses, and no
cause for concern. When visiting London that spring,
though, he had managed to get so befuddled in a fugue that
he'd wandered round to Baker Street, fully expecting his old
friend to be in at the rooms they once shared. The present

tenant, a detective himself as it happened, was charitable
enough about the episode, but it was clear that Blake had
little desire to be bothered again by a confused old
greybearded pensioner.
After the episode in London, John had begun to
suspect that there was no other explanation for it than that
he was suffering from the onset of dementia, and that the
lapses he suffered would become increasingly less
occasional in the days to come. In the hopes of finding
treatment, keeping the condition from worsening if
improvement were out of the question, he checked himself
into Holloway for evaluation.
Warmed by the morning sun, John found himself
recalling the weeks spent in Peshawar after the Battle of
Maiwand, near mindless in a haze of enteric fever,
something about the commingling of warmth and mental
confusion bringing those days to mind.
His reverie was interrupted by the arrival of an orderly,
sent to fetch John for his morning appointment with the staff
physician, the young Doctor Rhys.
As the orderly led him through the halls of Holloway,
they passed other convalescents not equal to the task of
tending the emerald gardens outside. There were some
few hundred patients in the facility, all of them being treated
for mental distress of one sort or another, whether brought
on by domestic or business troubles, by worry or overwork.
Not a few of them had addled their own senses with spirits,

which brought to John's mind his elder brother Henry, Jr.,
who had died of drink three decades past.
There were others, though, who had seen their senses
addled through no fault of their own. Some of the patients
were young men, not yet out of their third decade, who
seemed never to have recovered from the things they did
and saw in the trenches of the Great War. Their eyes had a
haunted look, as they stared unseeing into the middle
distance.
John well remembered being that young. If he closed
his eyes, he could recall the sounds and smells of the Battle
of Maiwand as though it had occurred yesterday. As he
walked along beside the orderly, he reached up and
tenderly probed his left shoulder, the sensation of the Jezail
bullet striking suddenly prominent in his thoughts.
Finally, they reached Doctor Rhys's study, and found
the young man waiting there for them. Once John was
safely ensconced in a well-upholstered chair, the orderly
retreated, closing the door behind him.
"And now, Mr. Watson, how does the day find you,
hmm?"
"Doctor," John said, his voice sounding strained and
ancient in his own ears. He cleared his throat, setting off a
coughing jag.
"Yes?" Rhys replied, eyebrow raised.
"Doctor Watson."
Rhys nodded vigorously, wearing an apologetic

expression. "Quite right, my apologies. How are you today,
then, Dr. Watson?"
John essayed a shrug. "No better than yesterday, one
supposes, and little worse."
Rhys had a little notebook open on his knee, and jotted
down a note. "The staff informs me that you have not
availed yourself of many of our facilities, in the course of
your stay."
It was a statement, though John knew it for a question.
"No," he answered, shaking his head.
In the sanatorium, there was more than enough to
occupy one's day. Those seeking exercise could use the
cricket pitch, badminton court, and swimming pool, while
those of a less strenuous bent could retire to the snooker
room and social club. In his days at Holloway, though, John
had been content to do little but sit in an eastern-facing
room in the mornings, in a western-facing room in the
afternoons, sitting always in the sunlight. It was as though
he were a flower seeking out as many of the sun's rays as
possible in the brief time remaining to him. The less
charitably minded might even accuse him of seeking out
the light through some fear of shadows, since by night the
electric lights in his room were never extinguished, and
when he slept it was in a red-lidded darkness, never black.
"Tell me, Dr. Watson," Rhys continued, glancing up
from his notes, "have you given any further thought to our
discussion yesterday?"

John sighed. Rhys was an earnest young man, who
had studied with Freud in Vienna, and who was fervent in
his belief that science and medicine could cure all ills.
When John first arrived in Holloway weeks before, he had
taken this passion as encouraging, but as the days wore on
and his condition failed to improve, his own aging
enthusiasms had begun to wane.
Had Watson ever been so young, so convinced of the
unassailable power of knowledge? He remembered
working in the surgery at St. Bartholomew's, scarcely past
his twentieth birthday, his degree from the University of
London still years in his future. The smell of the surgery
filled his nostrils, and he squinted against the glare of
gaslights reflecting off polished tiles, the sound of bone
saws rasping in his ears.
"Dr. Watson?"
John blinked, to find Rhys's hand on his knee, a
concerned look on his face.
"I'm sorry," John managed. "My mind . . . drifted."
Rhys nodded sympathetically. "Memory is a pernicious
thing, Dr. Watson. But it is still a wonder and a blessing.
After our meeting yesterday I consulted my library, and
found some interesting notes on the subject. Are you
familiar with Pliny's Naturalis historia?"
John dipped his head in an abbreviated nod. "Though
my Latin was hardly equal to the task in my days at
Wellington."

Rhys flipped back a few pages in his moleskin-bound
notebook. "Pliny cites several historical cases of
prodigious memory. He mentions the Persian king Cyrus,
who could recall the name of each soldier in his army, and
Mithridates Eupator, who administered his empire's laws in
twenty-two languages, and Metrodorus, who could faithfully
repeat anything he had heard only once."
John managed a wan smile. "It is a fascinating list,
doctor, but I'm afraid that my problem involves the loss of
memory, not its retention."
Rhys raised a finger. "Ah, but I suspect that the two are
simply different facets of the same facility. I would argue,
Dr. Watson, that nothing is ever actually forgotten, in the
conventional sense. It is either hidden away, or never
remembered at all."
"Now I am afraid you have lost me."
"Freud teaches that repression is the act of expelling
painful thoughts and memories from our conscious
awareness by hiding them in the subconscious. If you were
having difficulty recalling your distant past, I might consider
repression a culprit. But your problem is of a different
nature, in that your past memories are pristine and acute,
but your present recollections are transient and thin."
John chuckled, somewhat humorlessly. "I remember
well enough that I described my own condition to you in
virtually the same terms upon my arrival."
Rhys raised his hands in a gesture of apology.

"Forgive me, I tend to forget your own medical credentials,
and have a bad habit of extemporizing. But tell me, doctor,
what do you know of Freud's theories concerning the
reasons dreams are often forgotten on waking?"
John shook his head. "More than the man on the
Clapham omnibus, I suppose, but considerably less than
you, I hazard to guess."
"Freud contends that we are wont soon to forget a
large number of sensations and perceptions from dreams
because they are too feeble, without any substantial
emotional weight. The weak images of dreams are driven
from our thoughts by the stronger images of our waking
lives."
"I remember my dreams no better or worse than the
next man."
"But it seems to me, based on our conversations here,
that the images of your past are stronger and more vivid
than those of your present circumstances. The celebrated
cases in which you took part, the adventures you shared.
How could the drab, gray days of your present existence
compare?"
John rubbed at his lower lip with a dry, wrinkled
fingertip, his expression thoughtful. "So you think it is not
dementia which addles my thoughts, but that I forget my
present because my past is so vivid in my mind?"
Rhys made a dismissive gesture. "Dementia is merely
a name applied to maladies poorly understood. The

categories of mental distress understood in the last century
—mania, hysteria, melancholia, dementia—are merely
overly convenient categories into which large numbers of
unrelated conditions might be dumped. More a symptom
than a cause." He closed his notebook and leaned forward,
regarding John closely. "I think, Dr. Watson, that you forget
because you are too good at remembering."
Rhys fell silent, waiting for a response.
John was thoughtful. He closed his eyes, his thoughts
following a chain of association, memory leading to
memory, from this drab and grey present to his more vivid,
more adventure-filled past.
"Dr. Watson?" Rhys touched his knee. "Are you drifting
again?"
John smiled somewhat sadly, and shook his head,
eyes still closed. Opening them, he met Rhys's gaze. "No,
doctor. Merely remembering. Recalling one of those
'celebrated cases' you mention, though perhaps not as
celebrated as many others. It involved a man who could not
forget, and who once experienced a memory so vivid that
no other things could be recalled ever after."
We have spoken about my old friend Sherlock
Holmes, John Watson began. It has been some years
since I last saw him, and at this late date I have trouble
remembering just when. I saw little of Holmes after he
retired to Sussex, only the occasional weekend visit. But as

hazy as those last visits are in my mind, if I close my eyes I
can see as vividly as this morning's sunlight those days
when Victoria still sat upon the throne, and when Holmes
and I still shared rooms at No. 221B Baker Street.
The case I'm speaking of came to us in the spring of
1889, some weeks before I met the woman who was to
become the second Mrs. Watson, god rest her, when
Holmes and I were once again living together in Baker
Street. The papers each day were filled with stories
regarding the Dockside Dismemberer. He is scarcely
remembered today, overshadowed by other killers who live
larger in the popular imagination, but at the time the
Dismemberer was the name on everyone's lips.
At first, it had been thought that the Ripper might again
be prowling the streets. Holmes and I, of course, knew full
well what had become of him. But like the Ripper before
him, the Dismemberer seemed to become more vicious,
more brutal, with each new killing. By the time Inspector
Lestrade reluctantly engaged Holmes's services in the
pursuit of the Dismemberer, there had been three victims
found, each more brutally savaged than the last. On the
morning in which the man of prodigious memory came into
our lives, the papers carried news of yet another, the
Dismemberer's fourth victim.
By that time, we had been on the case for nearly a
fortnight, but were no nearer a resolution than we'd been at
the beginning. The news of still another victim put Holmes in

a foul mood, and I had cause to worry after his mood.
Holmes was never melancholic except when he had no
industry to occupy his thoughts, but to pursue such a
gruesome killer for so many days without any measurable
success had worn on my friend's good spirits.
"Blast it!" Holmes was folded in his favorite chair, his
knees tucked up to his chest, his arms wrapped tightly
around his legs. "And I assume this latest is no more
identifiable than the last?"
I consulted the news article again, and shook my head.
"There is to be an inquest this morning, but as yet there is
no indication that the authorities have any inkling who the
victim might be. Only that he was male, like the others."
Holmes glowered. "And doubtless savaged, as well,
features ruined." He shook his head, angrily. "The first
bodies attributed to this so-called 'Dismemberer' had been
killed and mutilated, with the apparent intention of hiding
their identities. These more recent victims, though, appear
to have been killed by someone who took a positive delight
in the act itself."
I nodded. We'd had opportunity to examine the
previous three victims, or rather to examine what remained
of them, and Holmes's assessment was my own. Even the
Ripper had only approached such degradations in his final,
and most gruesome killing.
I turned the pages of the paper, searching out some bit
of news which might raise my friend's spirits, or distract him

for the moment if nothing else. It was on the sixth page that I
found what I was seeking.
"Ah, here is an interesting morsel, Holmes," I said as
casually as I was able. "It is an obituary notice of an
Argentinean who, if the story is to be believed, was rather
remarkable. Ireneo Funes, dead at the age of twenty-one,
is said to have had a memory of such singular character
that he could recall anything to which it was exposed.
Witnesses are quoted as saying that Funes could recall
each day of his life in such detail that the recollection itself
took an entire day simply to process."
Holmes still glowered, but there was a lightening to his
eyes that suggested my gambit had met with some small
success. "Have I ever told you about Merridew, Watson?" I
allowed that he hadn't. "He was a stage performer I once
saw, while traveling in America as a younger man. A
mentalist performing under the name 'Merridew the
Memorialist,' he appeared to have total recall. I myself saw
him read two pages at a time, one with each eye, and then
a quarter of an hour later recite with perfect accuracy texts
he had glimpsed for only a moment."
Had I but known of Pliny's list of prodigious memories,
Doctor Rhys, I might have suggested this Merridew for
inclusion in the rolls. As it was, Holmes and I mused about
the vagaries of memory for a brief moment before our
discussion was interrupted by the arrival of a guest.
Our housekeeper Mrs. Hudson ushered the man into

our sitting room. Holmes recognized him at a glance, but it
wasn't until our visitor introduced himself as one Mr. Dupry
that I knew him. A baronet and scion of a vast family
fortune, Dupry was one of the wealthiest men in London,
and in fact in the whole of the British Empire.
"Mr. Holmes," Dupry said, dispensing with any
pleasantries. "I want to engage your services to investigate
a theft."
Holmes leaned forward in his chair, his interest
piqued. "What is it that's been stolen, Mr. Dupry?"
"Nothing," Dupry answered. "Not yet, at any rate. I'm
looking to you to make sure that remains the case."
Holmes uncrossed his legs, his hands on the armrests
of his chair. "I'll admit that you have me intrigued. Please
continue."
Dupry went on to relate how a number of his peers and
business associates—Tomlinson, Elton, Coville, Parsons,
and Underhill—had in recent months been the victims of
bank fraud. Someone had gained access to privileged
financial information and used it against their interests. The
amounts stolen from Tomlinson and Elton had been so
relatively small as to remain unnoticed for some time, while
the funds taken from Coville and Parsons were more
substantial, but poor Underhill had been rendered all but
destitute. After seeing so many of his contemporaries fall
victim to the machinations of parties unknown, Dupry felt
certain it was only a matter of time before he himself

became a target, and thus his interest in securing the
services of Sherlock Holmes.
Suffice it to say, Holmes took the case.
I explained to Dupry that we were still engaged in the
matter of the Dockside Dismemberer, and so would have
to continue to address matters relating to that investigation
while beginning to look into his own concerns. We had the
inquest of the fourth victim to attend that morning, after
which we would meet Dupry at his home to survey the
grounds and make a preliminary assessment.
At the inquest we were met by Inspector Lestrade, who
seemed even more foul-tempered than Holmes at the lack
of progress so far accomplished. Of substantive findings
relating to this fourth victim, there were scarcely any. The
body had been recovered from the Thames near Temple
Stairs, in a state of early decomposition. Aside from a
tattoo on the victim's upper arm, depicting an anchor ringed
by a rope of intertwining vines, there were no distinguishing
marks. It was the opinion of New Scotland Yard that the
killer was not the so-called "Torso Murderer," who had
been depositing body parts around the greater London
area for the better part of two years, given the markedly
different nature of the wounds and the condition of the
remains, and the suggestion in the popular press that it was
Jack the Ripper walking abroad once more was not even
merited with a response.
Following the inquest, Holmes and I accompanied

Lestrade to the chamber in New Scotland Yard in which the
remains had been laid. In all my years, both as a medical
man and as a seeker after criminals, I have seldom seen
so gruesome a sight. The condition of the wounds
suggested that the victim had been alive for some time
before expiring from them. The oldest of the wounds had
begun partially to heal over, while the newest were ragged
an unhealed. The police surgeon and I agreed that the killer
may well have taken a period of days inflicting cuts,
severing digits, and slicing off appendages, one by one,
before finally delivering a killing blow.
Insult was added to injury by the innumerable tiny
incisions all over the body, which could be nothing but the
bites of fish who had attempted to make a meal of the
remains as it drifted in the Thames.
I had seldom seen so gruesome a sight. Little did I
realize then that it would pale in comparison to what came
after.
With our business at New Scotland Yard completed,
Holmes having made a careful study of the victim's tattoo
for future reference, the two of us traveled across town to
Kensington, to the home of Dupry.
"Have you come about the position?" asked the
servant who answered the door.
"What can you tell us about it?" Holmes said, carefully
phrasing his response neither to confirm or deny.
The poor man seemed haggard. He explained that the

under-butler had run off in the night, and that the house
steward was now in the process of interviewing candidates.
The servant at the door was normally occupied in the livery,
and so was unaccustomed to dealing with visitors, a task
which normally fell to the under-butler. When we revealed
that we were not, in fact, applicants for the position, the
servant apologized profusely, and ushered us into Dupry's
study.
"A damn nuisance," Dupry blustered, when Holmes
mentioned the missing under-butler. "He seemed a stout
enough fellow, and here he's disappeared without warning.
If I can't hire a trustworthy man for twenty pounds a year,
where am I to find good help, I ask you?"
"I'm afraid I have no idea, Mr. Dupry," Holmes
answered as solicitously as he was able. "Now, with your
permission, may we examine your home? In particular, can
you show me where you keep materials of a, shall we say,
sensitive nature?"
For the next three quarters of an hour, Dupry showed
us around his home, paying particular attention to his study,
and to the wall safe there. When it was opened, though,
revealed to contain neatly bound stacks of pound notes,
bullion, and other valuables, Dupry held up a single piece of
paper as the most valuable item in his possession.
"This, gentleman," he said, careful to keep the
document's face away from our view, "is the key to my
fortune. You see, the vast majority of my liquid holdings are

held in an account in Geneva."
I was confused, but Holmes nodded in understanding.
"You see, Watson," he explained, "Swiss bankers are
obliged by law to keep a numerical register of their clientele
and their transactions, but are prohibited from divulging this
information to anyone but the client concerned. You and I
might need our balance books to access our account at
Child & Co., but one would only need the appropriate
register numbers to access a Swiss account, as not even
the bank clerks themselves are made aware of the
identities of the clients they serve."
"Quite right," Dupry said, appearing impressed. He
returned the document to the wall safe, careful to keep the
printed side from our line of sight, and then closed the door,
spinning the combination to lock it. Even with his
precaution, though, I managed to glimpse the paper's front
for the briefest second, though I couldn't begin to call to
mind the words and numbers I'd seen in that instant. "And if
that information were to fall into the wrong hands, I would be
ruined. I suspect that my colleagues who have seen their
fortunes plundered allowed information regarding their own
Swiss accounts to be learned, and that the thief took
advantage of the anonymity of the Swiss system." He
turned and fixed Holmes with a stare. "I keep my
information safely under lock and key, Mr. Holmes. I am
hiring you to ensure that it remains there."
After we had completed an initial investigation of

Dupry's home and its locks, bars, and other security
features, Holmes suggested that we visit some of the men
whom Dupry indicated had fallen victim to the thief before.
First on our agenda was Underhill. The younger son of
a well-established family, Underhill lived in a large Cubittdesigned home in Pimlico. If the state of the residence
when Holmes and I arrived was any indication, though, it
was clear that Underhill would not be in residence for much
longer. The man answered the door himself, dressed only
in shirt sleeves, harried almost to the point of tears. After
we explained who we were, and our connection to his
associate Dupry, Underhill admitted us, and explained that
he was now all but destitute. He had been forced to let the
majority of his household staff go, having lost the funds with
which to pay them. It had been difficult to keep them even
before, though, having lost two men from the staff in as
many months before his fortune was even lost.
From there, we visited the homes of Coville, Elton, and
Parsons who, if they were not as badly off as Underhill,
seemed hardly much better. All three, too, mentioned
having lost members of their domestic staffs in recent
months.
When we called at the home of Tomlinson, we found
him not in, having left the city to visit the continent. We were
instead welcomed by his house steward, a man named
Phipps.
"What is it I can do for you, gentlemen?" Phipps

asked, with more urgency than seemed necessary.
Standing in close proximity, I detected a strangely familiar
but confusing scent wafting from him, which it took me a
moment to recognize as an exceptionally strong cleaning
agent, such as those used to clean tiles in large houses.
Given the size of the staff apparently on hand in the
Tomlinson home, it seemed odd that the house steward,
the head of the staff, would lower himself to cleaning
kitchen tiles.
Holmes explained that we had been engaged by
Dupry, and that in connection with that engagement were
investigating the rash of bank fraud whose victims had
included Phipps's employer, Mr. Tomlinson.
For the briefest instant, I fancied that panic flitted
across the steward's face, but as quickly as it had come it
had passed, and he treated us to a friendly, open smile.
"I'm happy to help in any way I can, of course." Still, I
couldn't help but notice the sunken quality of his cheeks, the
sallow coloration of his skin. He was clean scrubbed, for all
that he smelled like bleach and lye, but I could not escape
the impression that he was less than entirely healthy.
"Tell me, Phipps, have any members of your staff gone
unaccountably missing in the recent past?"
The house steward continued smiling, but shook his
head. "No, sir," he said, his voice even and level, "not a
one." He paused, and then chuckled. "I took a brief
vacation myself, this past winter, to visit family abroad, but

returned to my post just as expected, so can hardly be
considered 'missing.'"
As the day ended, we returned to Baker Street, to find
Inspector Lestrade waiting for us.
"We've identified the tattoo," Lestrade said, without
preamble, "and the man."
Holmes nodded. "So you have found a man who sailed
the Atlantic Ocean as a deckhand onboard a ship of Her
Majesty's Navy, I take it?"
Lestrade's eyes widened, and as I smiled he began to
glare at Holmes. "Blast it, Holmes, how did you know that?"
"Simple observation, my dear fellow," Holmes
answered. "Now, who was our late seaman, and who was it
identified him?"
Lestrade grumbled, but answered. "His name was
Denham. Until a few weeks ago, he was employed as a
footman in the Parsons household."
Holmes and I exchanged a glance. "Parsons?"
Lestrade nodded. "I spoke to the house steward
myself. Seems Denham just stopped showing up to work
some weeks back. Stranger still, his replacement, an
American chap, went missing a short time after."
"Was this before or after Parsons discovered a portion
of his fortune had been stolen?"
Lestrade raised an eyebrow. "Now how did you know
about that?"
Holmes explained in cursory detail our other ongoing

investigation, and in particular the fact that we had earlier
questioned Parsons himself.
"Well, the steward did mention the theft, at that, and
said that for a brief time he'd suspected the two missing
men of playing a part. But Parsons had felt sure that there
was no way that a retired sailor or an addled American
could possibly have been responsible, and had instead
blamed the whole mess on a conspiracy of the Swiss."
That certainly was in line with what Parsons had told us
earlier that day.
"Why addled?" Holmes asked. "Why did Parsons
regard the American as addled?"
Lestrade lifted his shoulders in a shrug. "Something
about him becoming easily distracted. The American had
come highly recommended, but seemed a poor hand at his
duties, always staring at a patch of sunlight on the wall, or
counting the number of trefoils on a rug, or some such, and
his conversation rambled all over the place." Lestrade
chuckled. "Of course, it seems to me the steward had little
room to talk, given how long he banged on about the whole
matter. Seemed hungry for conversation, I suppose."
I failed to see the significance of any of this, save that
several of the men on Dupry's list had lost members of their
domestic staffs before their fortunes were ransacked, and
that one of the missing servants had apparently fallen victim
to the Dockside Dismemberer. But Holmes appeared to
divine a much subtler truth for it all.

"Come along, Watson," Holmes said, slipping back
into his great coat and making for the door. "You'd better
come, too, inspector. Unless I'm mistaken, we have only a
short time left to prevent another fortune being stolen, and
perhaps even another murder from being committed."
It was late afternoon, the sun still lingering in the
western sky, when we reached Dupry's house. The
unfortunate stable-hand had evidently been sent back to his
duties, as Dupry's butler answered the door.
"Can I help you gentlemen?"
"Where is Mr. Dupry?" Holmes asked, abandoning all
courtesies.
"Interviewing a prospective applicant for the underbutler position, sir." The butler sniffed, haughtily. "I am
confident that by this interview's conclusion the position will
be filled."
"Why does everyone take me for a domestic?"
Holmes fairly snarled. "Tell me quickly, man! This
applicant? He comes to you well recommended, seemingly
perfectly suited for the task and able to start immediately?"
The butler was a little taken aback. "W-why, yes," he
stammered. "We had the most glowing report of his
services from the house steward at the Tomlinson
estate . . . "
"Take me to Dupry right away," Holmes interrupted,
shouldering his way into the door. The butler, a portrait of
confusion, merely bowed in response and hurried to do as

he'd been bid. Lestrade and I followed close behind,
neither of us any more aware of what Holmes was about
than the other.
We came upon Dupry in his office, interviewing a man
of middle years. The interviewee was speaking as we
entered unceremoniously, and I detected a distinct accent
to his speech, Canadian or possibly American.
"What's the meaning of this?" Dupry blustered.
Before the butler could answer, the interviewee in the
chair turned, and when his eyes lit on Holmes it was with
visible recognition.
After only a moment's pause, Holmes's own face lit up,
and he snapped his fingers in sudden realization.
"Merridew!" he said.
I recalled the name of the mentalist Holmes had
reported seeing in America, years before.
"The Hippodrome Theatre, Baltimore, January 5th,
1880," the man said in a strangely sing-song voice. Then,
the syllables running together like one elongated word, he
recited, "What art thou that usurp'st this time of night,
Together with that fair and warlike form, In which the
majesty of buried Denmark, Did sometimes march? By
heaven I charge thee speak!"
"It is some years since I trod the boards," Holmes said,
not unkindly. "You have gotten yourself mixed up in some
messy business, I fear, Merridew."
The American lowered his eyes, looking somewhat

shamed. "Horatio, thou art e'en as just a man, As e'er my
conversation cop'd withal."
"What is this, Holmes?" Lestrade demanded, pushing
forward. "What the devil is he talking about?"
"Memories, inspector," Holmes explained. "This is a
man who trucks in memories."
"See here," Dupry said, slamming his hand down upon
his desk, "I demand an explanation."
Holmes clasped his hands behind his back. "A
moment, Mr. Dupry, and a full accounting will be
presented." He turned to the American in the chair. "You
didn't hatch this one yourself, Merridew. You haven't the
stomach for the darker work this scheme requires. So who
was it?"
Merridew, surprisingly, did not even attempt to
dissemble. He calmly and patiently explained that he had
come to England some months before with an eye towards
performing his mentalist act on the English stage, but that
he had fallen in with another passenger on the ship, a man
who gave his name only as Stuart. When Merridew had
demonstrated his ability for total recall, Stuart had hit upon
a scheme. It appeared that he had recently come into a
considerable amount of money, having gotten hold of
confidential financial information belonging to his employer.
The sum Stuart had embezzled was scarcely large enough
to be noticed by his wealthy employer, but was a small
fortune to him. And now he was hungry for more. Stuart

could not take much more from his employer without tipping
his hand, though, and so he would need to gain similarly
sensitive information from other wealthy men.
Stuart identified their targets by looking over his
employer's business transactions to locate those with the
largest fortunes invested in the appropriate ways. Once the
target was chosen, Stuart would select a member of their
household staff, and eliminate them. With a position vacant,
Stuart would equip Merridew with a flawless resume and
sterling recommendations, put in perfect position to be
hired as the missing man's replacement. Then Merridew
would simply wait for the chance to get even the barest
glimpse of the target's financial documents. Only an instant
was needed, and then he would be able to recall all of the
information in perfect detail.
"And this man Stuart," Holmes said, "which doubtless
was merely an alias? Where did you meet with him?"
Merridew gave an address in the East End, and said
that he'd been instructed by Stuart to meet him there at the
conclusion of each assignment.
Holmes turned to me and Lestrade and smiled.
"Gentlemen? Anyone fancy a trip to the East End?"
We hired a growler in the street outside Dupry's home,
and the four of us rode east, Holmes and Merridew on one
side of the carriage, Lestrade and I on the other. There was
a strange, almost childlike quality to Merridew. He seemed
lost in a world of his own, and would answer truthfully any

question put directly to him, unless he had some prepared
answer already provided. It appeared that was how this
"Stuart" had been able to work Merridew's skills to his
advantage, training him to act and speak just enough like a
household domestic that he could pass a few days in the
wealthy households, just long enough to catch a fleeting
glimpse of a piece of paper such as the one Dupry had
shown us. And with eyes that could read an entire page of
text in a single glance, it was a task of complete ease to
recall only a string of digits and a few words. And with that
information, this Stuart would have complete access to the
target's Swiss account.
As we rode west, away from the setting sun, Holmes
played the alienist, asking Merridew questions about the
man in pursuit of whom we rode. It was hard for me not to
feel sorry for this idiot savant, who seemed little more than
a dupe in this business. But as Merridew described the
man with whom he worked, I was reminded that four men
lay mutilated and dead at this Stuart's hands, and that in a
just world some of the blame for that carnage had to be laid
at Merridew's feet as well. His hands may not have been
red with their blood, and he claimed never to have seen the
men whom he was positioned to replace, alive or dead, but
he was still implicated in their deaths.
Urged by Holmes's questioning, Merridew explained
that Stuart appeared to have grown unsettled in recent
weeks. Stuart had arranged a set of signals by which he
and Merridew could communicate, without ever coming

face to face unless necessary. There was a north-facing
window on the top floor of the building in which they met,
visible from the street, at which hung two drapes, one red
and one black. If the window was curtained in black,
Merridew was to mount the stairs and enter, where he
would find Stuart waiting for him. If the red curtain was
instead drawn, Merridew was to stay away, and not to
approach under any circumstances.
"Red curtain," Merridew said as we stepped down
from the growler to the street. "Stay away."
"Come along, Merridew," Holmes said, taking the
American by the elbow and steering him towards the door.
"The signal suggests that your Mr. Stuart is in, and he is a
man that my friends and I would very much like to meet."
When we reached the top of the stairs, in the deeply
shadowed gloom of the ill-lit interior, I caught a strong smell
of bleach and lye, overlying something stronger, ranker,
more unsettling. Through the flimsy wooden door at the
landing, I could hear faint moaning, somewhere between
the cry of a child and the mewling of a drowning cat.
"Red curtain, stay away," Merridew repeated, looking
visibly shaken.
"You've been here before," I said, feeling the
irresistible urge to cheer him, if possible. "What is there to
be afraid of?"
Merridew shook his head, and fixed me with a pathetic
gaze. "When I came before, it had always been cleaned.

Now, I think, it is still dirty."
"Enough of this nonsense." Lestrade pushed ahead of
us, and pounded on the door. "Open up in the name of Her
Majesty!" He pounded again, louder. "It'll only go harder on
you if you resist."
The moaning on the door's far side took on a different
quality, and I could hear the sound of scuttling, feet
pounding against wooden boards, as if somewhere were
trying to flee. But the room occupied the entire floor of the
narrow building, and the only out would be through the
window.
"He's trying to scarper," Lestrade said.
"Not today, I think," Holmes said. Stepping back, he
carefully studied the door in the dim light. "There, I think."
He pointed to a spot midway up, near the jamb. Then, after
taking a deep breath, he lashed out with his foot, kicking
the door at the point he evidently felt the weakest. He'd
been right, as it happened, for the thin door flew inwards,
shattering into three pieces.
The stairway and landing had been darkened, a
gloaming scarcely lighter than a moonless night, but in the
room beyond candles burned in their dozens, in their
hundreds. Their flickering light cast shadows that vied
across the walls and floor, shifting archipelagoes of light
and darkness. The room itself might once have been
suitable for a human dwelling, but had been transformed
into an abattoir. Bits of viscera hung like garlands from the

rafters, and blood and offal painted the walls and floor. A
pair of severed limbs had been transformed into grotesque
marionettes, strung up on bits of intestine tied with
ligaments, a kind of macabre Punch and Judy awaiting
some inhuman audience.
It took an instant for me to recognize the figure that lay
stretched on the floor as being that of a human being at all,
so little was left of him, the rest having been spun out and
excised to decorate the room. And a further instant to
recognize as human the figure crouched by the now-open
window, his arms and face covered with blood as red as
the curtain he'd torn out of his way. In one hand, the man
held a knife, in the other what appeared to be some
severed piece of human anatomy. The blood-covered man
regarded us with crazed eyes, lips curled in a snarl baring
red-stained teeth, his cheeks sunken.
"Don't do it, Phipps," Holmes shouted, taking a single
step forward, and only then did I recognize the steward of
the Tomlinson household.
There must have been some confusion when Merridew
and the man first met, and the American's strange recall
had fixed on a term he'd misunderstood. Phipps had simply
never corrected him when Merridew assumed his name
was Stuart, not his profession that of steward.
Phipps snarled like an animal. "Money is power, blood
is power, both are mine." He threw one leg over the
window's sash. "You cannot stop me, nothing can."

I don't know whether Phipps truly believed in that
moment that he could not be hurt, or even that he might be
able to fly. When he struck the cobblestones below a
heartbeat later, though, he quickly learned that neither
notion was true.
While Lestrade rushed to the window, already too late
to do anything about Phipps, Holmes and I turned our
attention to the man on the floor. He was alive, but only
barely, and would doubtless perish before any help could
arrive, or before he could be transported anywhere else.
"Dupry's under-butler," Holmes said, his hand over his
nose and mouth to block the worst of the smell.
"Poor fellow." I held a handkerchief over my own nose,
but still the fetid stench of the place threatened to
overwhelm me.
Lestrade stepped over from the window, his
expression screwed up in distaste. "The man 'removed' so
that Merridew could take his place, I take it."
"The most recent of five," Holmes corrected. "Most
recent and final victim of the so-called Dismemberer."
It was only then that I thought to see where Merridew
had got to. I turned, and saw him standing there in the
doorway, just as he had been when Holmes had kicked the
door down. The American idiot savant had not moved, but
had stood stock still with his eyes wide open and fixed on
the scene before him, his mouth hanging slightly open,
slack-jawed.

"Merridew?" I said, stepping towards him.
But it was clear that Merridew would not be answering,
not then, not ever. He could not look away from the horrible
carnage that his erstwhile partner in crime had wrought,
and for which he in some sense at least had been
responsible. Eyes that could recall entire books in a single
glance, that could find untold levels of detail in the patterns
of shadows' falling or the curve of a cloud, took in every
detail of the grisly scene. And having seen it, Merridew
would never see anything, ever again. He would live, but his
mind would be so occupied by that macabre sight in all its
untold detail that his mind would refuse to allow any other
sensations or impressions to enter. He would live forever in
that moment, in the horrible realization of the horrors he
had, however inadvertently, helped to accomplish.
I remember that day as if it were yesterday, and yet I
know that I can not recall even a scintilla of the detail that
Merridew retained. But even that tiniest amount, even that
small iota of recollection, is enough to haunt me to the end
of my days.
Doctor Rhys regarded John Watson, his eyes wide
with sympathetic horror.
"I can't help but think of all those young men," John
continued, waving towards the door and indicating the
whole of Holloway Sanatorium beyond, "those tending the
garden, or around the snooker table, or else just lounging in

the corridors. So young, with so much life ahead of them,
and yet their minds are fixed on the horrors of the trenches,
their attentions forever fixed on the Great War."
John leaned forward, meeting the doctor's gaze.
"If it were up to me, doctor," John went on, "you would
spend less time studying how it is that we remember, and
marveling over the prodigious memories of the past, and
instead devote your attentions to discovering how it is that
we forget."
John closed his eyes, and eased back in his chair.
"Memory is no wonder, Dr. Rhys, nor is it a blessing."
John pressed his lips together tightly, trying to forget
that awful day, and the smells that lingered beneath the
scent of bleach and lye.
"Memory is a curse."

Commonplaces
by Naomi Novik
Naomi Novik is the bestselling author of the Temeraire
series, which consists of His Majesty's Dragon,
Throne of Jade, Black Powder War, Empire of Ivory,
a nd Victory of Eagles. The series as a whole has
been optioned for film by Lord of the Rings director
Peter Jackson. The first volume of the series, His
Majesty's Dragon, was a finalist for the Hugo Award,
and Novik also won the John W. Campbell Award for
Best New Writer, and the Locus and Compton Crook
awards for best first novel. Her short fiction has
appeared in the anthology Fast Ships, Black Sails,
and is forthcoming in the anthologies The Naked City
and Zombies vs. Unicorns.
In 2009 a young millionaire named Marcus Schrenker
leapt from his single-engine plane and parachuted to
the ground, leaving his auto-piloted aircraft to crash
just fifty yards from a residential neighborhood in
Florida. Schrenker, who apparently intended for the
plane to fly into the ocean and be lost forever, was
attempting to fake his own death in order to escape

from a mounting pile of personal, financial, and
criminal problems. Many of us were astounded by
Schrenker's reckless disregard for others, but we also
had to grudgingly admit that his plan had a certain
panache, however badly he ended up botching things.
Of course, when it comes to faking your own death with
panache, nobody beats Sherlock Holmes, who spent
several years traveling the globe after his apparent
death at Reichenbach Falls, and who managed to
keep the fact that he was still alive a secret even from
his good friend Dr. Watson. But many readers have
wondered, why couldn't Holmes have found some
secret way to set the good doctor's mind at ease? Our
next tale, in which we get an old acquaintance's view of
Holmes during the Great Hiatus, suggests an answer
to this mystery.

"My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the
commonplaces of existence."
—Sherlock Holmes, "The Red-Headed League"
The newspaper in Lisbon came at eight and went to
Godfrey first, before he should leave for his office. "My wife
is that treasure who does not require entertainment at the
breakfast table," he liked to say of her to his friends; it
would have been a little more accurate to say, Irene did not

require the sort of entertainment she was likely to get out of
Godfrey at the breakfast table, which did not very well meet
the name.
She would have liked to take a section of the paper,
but while Godfrey naturally obliged any such request, he
would interrupt her in asking for pages back, that he might
finish those items begun earlier. It was easier in the end to
be patient, to let Godfrey keep the pages in neat order until
he was done, while she spent her own breakfast sitting
quietly in contemplation of her day and the small square of
garden their cottage boasted. Her mornings when he had
gone did not lack leisure.
"Sherlock Holmes is dead," he told her, before the
maid had brought out the eggs, "at Reichenbach Falls."
She made absent expressions of dismay and shock,
and when he had gone to his office, she read the story over
three times: a bare paragraph describing the famous
detective lost, a criminal mastermind claiming a final victim,
his old companion left behind to give the report.
It was not much, and reading it over again did not
make it grow longer. She already could have told the story
over verbatim—years of practice from studying librettos—
but even so she did not like to leave the paper on the table
to be swept away; instead she carried it into the bedroom
and put it into her bureau, and went outside to tend the
roses. In twenty minutes she came back inside and read it
once more, and then went out to the front stoop.

The street boys knew her, courtesy of a ball returned
after a broken window without more than a calm request
they should aim away from her house in future. They were
happy to take a few pennies to fan out into the town for
news for her. An hour brought her a slightly worn copy of
The Strand with Dr. Watson's voice thick as old treacle on
the page, full of studied melodrama and real grief.
At breakfast the next morning, she read it over and
over again, while across the table Godfrey placidly read a
fresh newspaper, full of different news.
There was no reason it ought to have cut up her peace.
She had not seen the man in two years and then had known
him not at all: that he had once invaded her house in guise
to rob her was not much foundation for affection, except
what one might feel, she supposed, for a satisfying
opponent one has bested. The story—of course she had
read it—the story had been very flattering, but she had
enough of admirers to discount the value of another, even
one who put her photograph above emeralds. And in any
case, now he was dead.
The magazine went into the drawer with the
newspaper, however.
Her mornings were of a settled round these days: what
little management the little house needed, a trifle of work in
the garden, a handful of calls received and returned. If her
marriage had not made her wholly respectable, it had

made her sufficiently so to permit her neighbors to excuse
an acquaintance which so satisfyingly allowed them to
partake of just the least bit of notoriety, indirectly; to
mention in whispers, at assemblies and balls, yes, that is
her, the famous—
Irene tried not to think in such a way of them, those
kind and stupid ladies who came visiting. Ordinarily she did
not. She could not begrudge anyone a little excitement at
so little expense to her, and they were kind: when she had
been ill, last year—so wretchedly inadequate a word for
that hollowed-out experience, tears standing in her eyes
because she would not, would not let them run, not in front
of the businesslike doctor speaking to Godfrey over her
head, telling him prosaically they must be cautious, warning
against another attempt too soon, while he washed his
hands of the blood—
They had been really kind then, beyond polite
expressions of sympathy: food appearing in those first few
days when she could think not at all, and clean linen; Mrs.
Lydgate and Mrs. Darrow coming by in the mornings with
embroidery, sitting in perfect silence for hours while the
window-squares of sun tracked a pathway across the
sitting room. They had asked her to sing, a week later on,
and when she had stopped halfway through Una voce poco
fa, drooping over the pianoforte, they had taken up without
a word a conversation about their unreliable maidservants,
until she had mastered herself.

So she could not despise them anymore, because the
kindness was real, as all the crowned glories had proven
not to be; she knew better now, or thought she knew, how to
value the treasures of the world against one another. But
that week she found herself freshly impatient; she did not
attend to the conversation in Mrs. Wessex's drawing room,
until someone said to her, a little cautiously, "But you knew
him, my dear, didn't you?"
"No," she said, "no more than the hare knows the
hound."
"Well, it's a pity," Mrs. Ballou said, in her comfortably
stolid way, without ever looking up from her knitting. "I'm
sure I don't know what he was about, though, letting that
dreadful man throw him off a mountain instead of calling the
police, like a sensible man."
"Oh," Irene said, "yes," and taking her leave very
abruptly went outside and stood in the street, half-angry and
half-amused with herself, to be so schooled by a fat old
dowager. Of course he was not dead.
She was not sure what to feel for a moment, but her
sense of humor won out in the end, and she laughed on the
doorstep and went home to throw the papers into the
dustbin at last. There was an end of it, she told herself; it
was the inherent absurdity of the story which had gnawed at
her.
John Watson believed his own story, she was sure. He

was, she thought, very much like Godfrey: the sort of man
who would think it—not romantic, but rather quite ordinary
pro patria mori, even if there were convenient alternatives
to be had for the cost of a little reasoning. The sort of man
who would trust in what a friend told him, unquestioningly,
because to doubt would be faintly disloyal. Easy to fool
such a man, and more than a little cruel to do so.
"Is something distressing you, my dear?" Godfrey
asked, and she realized she was drumming her fingertips
upon the writing table, while her correspondence went
unanswered.
"I am only out of sorts," she said. "This wretched heat!"
This was not very just: it was only the beginning of June.
Two days later she took a train to Paris: alone, but for
her maid. "If you would not mind waiting a week, I could tie
up my affairs tolerably well," Godfrey said.
"You are very good, but in a week, I dare say the fit will
have passed, and I will not want to go anywhere," Irene
said. "Besides, I know you could not leave things in a state
such as would leave you with an easy mind. No, I will fly
away to Paris and repair my plumage, see some
disreputable old friends and my very respectable singingmaster, and come back just as soon as you have begun to
miss me properly."
"Then you should have to turn around as soon as you
had set foot out of the door," he said, gallantly.
She could be cruel too; perhaps that was what

interested her.
In Paris, she left her maid behind in the hotel and went
hunting. The whole enterprise was a shot at a venture, of
course, but she thought either here or Vienna, and Paris
was closer to Geneva. Irene spent the days sitting outside
small cafés, legs crossed in neatly pressed trousers with
her hair pinned back sharply under a top hat, sipping coffee
and watching all the world as it passed before her table,
noisy and vivid; watched women in elegant dresses going
stately by like something from another life. Her nose was
not yet used to the stench of the hansom cabs after so long
in the quiet countryside; she felt herself set apart from it all,
an observer by the side of the river.
When the lamplighters came around, she left a handful
of coins and slipped away: to the Opéra, to the Symphony,
where she bribed the ushers to let her in after the first act.
Standing in the high tiers and off to the side, she studied
the faces of the orchestras through a glass while below her
Faust was carried away by demons, or Tchaikovsky's sixth
tripped and glittered off the bows. Afterwards she went
backstage with a bouquet of roses, instant camouflage
against inquiry, and walked among the musicians to fish for
accents.
On the fourth night she went to the Opéra-Comique,
and the third violinist was a man with a narrow face, cheeks
sallow and nose hawklike, who studied his music with more

fierce concentration than a professional ought to have
required.
She did not write to Godfrey that night: she spent it
practicing beside the open window of her room, breathing
in the warm, humid air of Paris, heads on the street turning
up in the circle of gaslight below to look up as they went by.
Behind her, the maid unpacked the dresses from the
traveling trunk and pressed them with a heated iron. In the
morning, through an acquaintance, Irene presented herself
to the director as Madame Richards from America, and
sang just well enough to be placed in the chorus and
considered a possible understudy for Rosette in Manon.
In her first rehearsals the next morning, she watched
the violinist's shoulders. He did not turn from the music at
all, but when she sang, one of fifteen voices, his head tilted
a little, searching.
She did not speak to him: he deserved, she thought,
as much chance to escape as he had given her. But he was
waiting for her when she came out of the stage door that
evening, standing lean and straight beyond the waiting
gaggle of boys who had brought flowers for the chorus girls.
He was just out of the circle of lamplight, the brim of his top
hat casting his face into shadow. She paused on the stairs,
ignoring the handful of small bouquets offered to her
consequence by those who, lacking some other object of
affections, were considering whether to settle themselves

upon her.
She smiled down at them and said in her full voice,
undisguised, "Gentlemen, you are in my way." They let her
through, not without a few looks after her, some a little
surprised. But they were all boys, and the lovely young
Mademoiselle Parnaud was directly behind her, so there
were no eyes following by the time Irene reached him. She
studied his face, curiously, as she had not had the
opportunity to do before: he had handsome eyes, large and
clear and grey, and his mouth was narrow but expressive.
"I have been insufficiently cautious, I find," he said, and
offered her his arm. It was well-muscled, if lean. They
walked away together towards the Rue de Richelieu.
"I hope you do not have much cause for concern," she
said. "If your nemesis indeed ended at the bottom of the
Falls?"
"Yes," he said. "After I shot him, of course."
They had dinner in another of the small anonymous
cafés, sitting on the sidewalk with the noise of conversation
and carriages around them. "Some of his lieutenants have
escaped the net," he said, waving an impatient hand, longfingered and pale, "but they are not of his caliber. They are
all watching Watson, in any case."
"I suppose," she said thoughtfully, "that you will find that
an excellent excuse to give him."
He looked at her sharply.

"It is not always easy to be adored," she said.
"No," he said. Then his mouth twisted a little, in wry
amusement. "The only thing worse, of course—"
She nodded, and looked down into her coffee cup.
Her prince had taught her that lesson, with his jewels
and his exclamations of surprise. He had never imagined
she would take his engagement so badly. He had thought
she was a woman of the world. He had thought she
understood—and so indeed she had understood, after the
fact: she had been loved only as a flower, set upon the
mantel in a vase, inevitably to be discarded with the cloudy
water.
Even in that first moment of harsh pain, she had not
regretted him in his person, not even on the rawest level—
his broad shoulders, his strong mouth. All her anger was to
have been so cheaply held, so easily cast off. She might
have dismissed it as his weakness, not hers; but she had
chosen him, after all.
She had taught him to regret her, though, and then she
had forgiven herself the mistake: she had been only a girl
then, not yet twenty, and after all she had learned quickly.
Only to be adored was, in the end, nothing; to be adored by
someone worthy, everything.
And oh, Godfrey was worthy, and she loved him, even
if something wild and errant in her still fought and struggled
against the necessary sacrifice of liberty and always would;
but she could not have him without it.

"How did you learn?" she asked, abruptly. "What
taught you—?"
"He married," Holmes said.
No need to ask who he meant, of course. "I
encouraged it," he added. "I wished that he were not
necessary to me, and so I convinced myself he was not;
that I would do better for solitude." He smiled, that wry look
again. "I have had more than enough leisure since to
contemplate the irony of having successfully deceived
myself, who could scarcely be led astray by the most
dedicated attempts of all the criminals in London."
She did not ask him, of course, but there was a weary
regret in his face that made her quite certain the two of
them had never been lovers. He had thought of it, and
rejected it, likely in defense of that same independence.
Watson would have crossed that Rubicon for him, but he
would never have left, afterwards. A line from the story
recalled itself to her: He never spoke of the softer
passions, save with a gibe and a sneer—some bitterness
there, in Watson's words; he knew he had been refused,
whether consciously or not. The marriage, Irene thought,
had been some part revenge, and one startlingly complete,
to have driven the man across the table into flight.
Irene had never before had the least cause to be
grateful to that injustice which had made the sacrifice of her
own virtue her own easiest road to independence, but at
least she had never been tempted, afterwards, to think

herself above such needs. "Will you go back?" she asked.
"Not while she lives," he said.
His room would have been untidy, but for the lack of
possessions; no letters, no photographs, only a scattering
of sheets of music on the windowsill and the dresser, and
pieces of rosin for his bow left on the writing desk.
He was inexpert enough to confirm her suspicions, and
taken aback by his own responses: a strange wrenched
look on his face afterwards. She laughed at him softly, a
greater kindness than pity, because he shook off the
expression and came back into her almost fiercely.
Reputation had given her a dozen lovers, but in truth he
was only the third to pass her bedroom door, and so very
different from the others: thin and restless, and once he
grew a little more sure of his ground, wholly without
hesitation. It was splendid to feel she did not need to
comfort or reassure, or indeed make any pretense
whatsoever; she could interest herself only in her own
pleasure, and in the freshness of the experience. She liked
the hard planes of him, and the skillfulness of his hands,
and his intensity: something almost of a fever running
beneath his skin, which left a flush beneath the sharpedged cheekbones.
In the morning she rose early and wrote Godfrey a
letter from the writing desk, while Holmes slept on in the
wreckage of the bed behind her, pale light through the

window on his skin and the tangled white sheets; it was
raining.
Paris is wet and beautiful in the spring as always, she
wrote, and I am glad that I came, but my darling, what is

best is to know I have you to come home to, when I like
the city have been watered at my roots. I feel myself again
as I have not since last year. I am ready to be incautious
again.

The Adventure of the
Pirates of Devil's Cape
by Rob Rogers
Rob Rogers is the author of the novel Devil's Cape, a
superhero thriller set in Louisiana. Rob lives in
Richardson, Texas, where he is working on a sequel.
This story, which is original to this volume, takes place
in the same milieu as Devil's Cape, but is set in the
Victorian era, taking Holmes and Watson from the
familiarity of London to the dark and dangerous city of
Devil's Cape, which Holmes describes as "a city that
swallows law."
Pirates have always been popular, whether it's in
novels—Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson
and On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers—or in video
games—Sid Meier's Pirates! and Ron Gilbert's The
Secret of Monkey Island. But pirate popularity soared
to new heights with the release of Disney's film Pirates
of the Caribbean, featuring a memorable performance
by Johnny Depp as spacey rock-star pirate Jack
Sparrow. Suddenly it seemed like pirates were

everywhere . . . even in Somalia. Yes, real-life pirates
are suddenly a major concern again, prompting Daily
Show correspondent John Oliver to quip, "Apparently
Barack Obama won't just be fighting the challenges of
the twenty-first century, but also of the eighteenth."
Pirates now even have their own holiday, September
19th, International Talk Like a Pirate Day. But what's
been missing in all the hoopla over pirates is, of
course, Sherlock Holmes. We aim to rectify that with
our next story, a tale of adventure that takes our heroes
far from their usual haunts in Baker Street and off into
the strange, pirate-haunted bayous of Louisiana. So
grab a talking parrot and pour yourself some grog.
This one's a treasure.
A substantial fog had settled over Northumberland
Dock, and the thick, moist air, coupled with the odors of
industry and the Tyne River, stifled our breathing. Or
perhaps, if I might indulge in melodrama, we were smelling
doom nearby.
The navy sailors guarding the Dutch steamship
Friesland called out softly to one another across the dock,
their voices echoing and distorted by the nearby water. But
no sound at all came from the Friesland.
Of the four of us approaching the ship, only my old
friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes seemed undaunted by the
atmosphere. I reached for my handkerchief often to mop my

brow. Poor Inspector Lestrade cleared his throat every few
minutes. And the navy man, Lieutenant-Commander
Sebastian Powell wheezed noticeably.
"I am still curious," said Lestrade, clearing his throat
once more, his narrow, sallow face constricted in
annoyance, "as to why you insisted that Mr. Holmes and Dr.
Watson accompany us. The events as you described them
seemed quite straightforward." Lestrade himself had been
called in only to consult, as the critical events had certainly
occurred outside his jurisdiction. This placed him on equal
footing with Holmes, a situation that left him discomfited.
Without slowing his pace, Lieutenant-Commander
Powell removed his cap, brushed his salt-and-pepper hair
back from his face with thick fingers, and then returned the
cap smartly to his head. He was a muscular walrus of a
man, perhaps fifty-five years of age, with piercing cobalt
eyes. "There are certain factors, inspector, that make me
question the obvious conclusion," he said. "Not the least of
which the fact that the obvious conclusion could lead to
war."
Holmes had characteristically taken the lead in our
walk through the fog, but he stopped now in front of the
Friesland. "Lieutenant-Commander, it is a logical fallacy to
reject a conclusion simply because it is unsavory," he said.
"However, I applaud your caution in this matter." His eyes
flashed with anticipation. "I was struck by one element of
your tale, an element that perhaps might elude others." His

gaze encompassed Inspector Lestrade, who flushed and
twitched his ratlike nose in annoyance.
I forced a chuckle and mopped my brow again. "Well,
it eluded me, Holmes," I said. "Perhaps we should proceed
aboard, though I am reluctant to see with my own eyes the
sad scene that Lieutenant-Commander Powell described."
And with that, we proceeded aboard the Friesland and
embarked on one of the more remarkable adventures of
Mr. Sherlock Holmes's long career.
The Friesland was an iron steamship of the relatively
new "three island" design, with a casing in the center, a
monkey forecastle, and a short poop deck forming three
"islands" above the main deck. She bore two masts with
limited sail, and Powell estimated her weight at over two
thousand tons. She bore the flag of Koehler House, one of
perhaps a dozen such ships. As we boarded her, I took
note of two large holes in her hull, above the waterline, as
well as the jagged stump of the front mast. Still, the ship
seemed quiet and secure against the dock, the water
lapping gently against it. The Friesland did not look like a
ghost ship.
"Early last week, the Friesland traveled from London
to Stavanger, Norway. She left Stavanger five days ago
and set course for Newfoundland. Yesterday evening, a
Royal Navy patrol discovered her adrift thirteen miles off the
coast of Scotland, near Aberdeen," Powell said, leading

the way to the deck. He was repeating facts he had shared
with us earlier in the day in our parlor at 221B Baker Street,
perhaps to distract himself from the sights he would soon
reencounter. "In addition to several tons of a fish oil product
processed in Stavanger, the cargo included an exhibit that
the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam intends to share with the
Roscoe Clay Hall of Culture in Vanguard City. The
collection features paintings by Vermeer and Rembrandt.
As far as we have been able to determine, the cargo is still
intact." He stopped and turned to face us as we stepped
onto the deck. "The Navy ship discovered no living souls on
board." He shook his head. "Many of the crew are missing,
quite likely thrown overboard. Two American passengers,
John and Harold Smith, are missing as well. We found the
bodies of ten crewmembers throughout the ship, most shot
dead, a few stabbed. And we found three other bodies in
the ship's corridors, all dressed in Royal Danish Navy
uniforms. Our Navy brought the Friesland here so we could
learn the truth before informing the Dutch and Danish
governments of the gruesome discovery."
"The ship's course would have taken it near Iceland?"
Holmes asked. He was peering past Powell's shoulder,
toward the body of a crewman, arms splayed out, laying
face down on the deck.
Powell nodded.
Holmes walked purposefully toward the body.
Lestrade coughed. "The Danish government has been

strident in recent years about steamships fishing near
Icelandic waters," the inspector said, "and the appropriate
distance for fishing boats to keep from Iceland has been in
dispute. Danish gun ships have chased off British
fisherman, for example. The newspapers call it the Cod
War."
Holmes, kneeling by the body, chuckled and stood
back up. "The only fish of concern here isn't cod," he said.
"It's herring. The red variety." He addressed Powell. "I'll
need to see the bodies of the alleged Danish sailors," he
said. "But I doubt seriously that next week's newspapers
will be reporting war between the Netherlands and
Denmark."
The carnage aboard the Friesland was grim indeed.
The Dutch sailors had not died cleanly. Most were shot
several times, and many bore gruesome knife wounds. One
had been decapitated, the poor soul's head staring
balefully from one end of a corridor while his body rested at
the opposite side. And wherever we walked, we saw blood,
much more blood than the bodies we encountered could
account for. "I'm not sure I've seen its like since the Battle of
Maiwand," I said quietly.
Holmes investigated in turn each of the three men in
the uniforms of the Royal Danish Navy. We came to the
final such body in the entryway to the cabin assigned to the
Americans John and Harold Smith. "Aha!" Holmes said as

he examined the fallen man.
"What is it, Holmes?" asked Lestrade. "Will you
illuminate the rest of us? Or are we simply supposed to
stand here admiringly?"
Holmes stood gracefully. "I am but observing,
Lestrade, confirming suspicions I've had since LieutenantCommander Powell first informed us of the bizarre attack
on this vessel."
"And what are these suspicions, Holmes?" Lestrade
sounded more curious than querulous now.
"There is no shame in overlooking some of these
facts, Lestrade, although that oversight could indeed have
led to war between Denmark and the Netherlands. Some of
these details could only have been discovered by the most
trained eyes." When Lestrade's face reddened, Holmes's
eyes gleamed with that peculiar satisfaction they showed
when he was able to goad our old sparring partner.
"Perhaps I do you a disservice. I presume that you noted
that it would be strongly out of character for the Danish
Royal Navy to attack in such a way. Even if we hypothesize
that the Friesland entered into what the Danish government
contends are Icelandic waters, and again hypothesize that
the ship was mistaken to be on a fishing expedition, the
aggression displayed here is disproportionate to the
imagined offense."
Lestrade's back straightened. "I had drawn the same
conclusion myself," he said.

Holmes nodded. "And of course you determined that
the uniforms were counterfeit?"
Lestrade did not slump at hearing this, but it was clear
the information was news to him.
Holmes nodded. "The fabric has the right appearance,
in the main. But it is neither strong enough nor well-tailored
enough to hold up against the rigors of combat. The
costumes of these unfortunate boarders display torn
stitching, frayed edges, and mud stains that could hardly
have been picked up aboard this ship. Other details, such
as the misalignment of the buttons, are close enough to fool
only casual observers."
"Well done, Mr. Holmes," Lieutenant-Commander
Powell said.
Holmes inclined his head politely. "This next
observation is persuasive rather than conclusive." He
strode down the passageway. "Come with me, gentlemen,"
he said. "We will return to the cabin presently, for it has
grave import, but I'd like to draw your attention to one factor
first."
Holmes led us to the body of an unfortunate young
ship's officer, barely more than a boy, blond hair curled in
ringlets over his ears. His left hand was split down the
middle from warding off a knife, and he'd been shot in the
forehead and the left eye. Blood had pooled around his
head and his mouth was half open in surprise and fear.
"Dear God," I said softly.

"Eh?" said Holmes. "Oh, yes, quite. Very regrettable.
You are always the one with the heart, Dr. Watson. It adds
to your value as a friend, but perhaps detracts from your
value as an investigator." He drew out his magnifying lens
and held it over the young man's forehead, beckoning us all
closer. "Look here," he said, tapping the edge of the lens.
"This wound is indicative of what I've observed among the
other bodies," he said. "A large-caliber handgun, poorly
maintained. Not the sidearm of a military man."
"Pirates!" Powell spat.
Holmes nodded. "Quite skillful and cunning ones, to
have accomplished what they did."
"But piracy has nearly died out, particularly in this part
of the world," Powell said.
"I suspect that the mind behind this attack venerates
the tactics of the pirates of a bygone age."
"But Holmes," I said, alarmed, "so close to the shores
of the British Navy? And why disguise themselves? Who
could benefit from such deception? With the cargo intact,
they didn't even get what they came for."
"Ah, Watson, I often underestimate your ability to go to
the thrust of the matter. Who benefits, indeed? Cui bono?"
His long legs carried him around us rapidly, his footfalls
echoing through the halls. "I believe the cabin we just
vacated might answer your excellent question."
Holmes stopped beside the body of the pirate lying in
the entryway to the Americans' cabin, forbearing us from

going farther. The room beyond was narrow and spare,
containing only a single wide stool, two cots pressed close
together, a dressing table, a Persian rug, and a mirror.
"Lieutenant-Commander, you reported that two Americans
named John and Harold Smith purchased passage on this
ship, and were sharing this cabin, correct? And as there
are no living witnesses, you learned this from an entry in the
ship's register."
"Yes," Powell said. He reached inside his coat and
pulled out a folded piece of paper taken from the ship's log.
"They signed in here."
Holmes grunted and I prepared myself to endure a
long harangue about preservation of evidence and the
countless small clues that had undoubtedly been obliterated
when the page was torn and folded and placed into
Powell's pocket. But Holmes merely spread the paper
gingerly in his long fingers and smiled in triumph.
"Marvelous," he said.
I examined the signatures that had captured Holmes's
interest. Given my long association with him, I hoped I could
glean some significant detail from the paper, but I
surrendered with a sigh. "I can see that one is left-handed
and the other right," I said, "but can conclude nothing of
consequence from that. John Smith is frequently a
pseudonym. Is that it, Holmes? They lied about their
identities? They were in league with the pirates?"
"They did indeed lie," Holmes said. "But in league with

the pirates? Tut, tut, Watson. Let me first direct you to our
pirate here." He turned back the edge of the man's right
sleeve. A small cloth bag was tied snug to the wrist by a
leather strap. Holmes carefully detached it and held it out.
"What a horrible smell," gasped Lestrade. "What is
that rubbish?"
"By my account," Holmes said, "the bag contains
chervil, unguent, nail clippings, and a chicken bone. That
dirt you see is almost certainly from a grave. This is a
voodoo talisman called gris-gris."
"Voodoo!" said Lestrade. "But that's practiced in
Africa, isn't it? This man is hardly African, Holmes."
"No," Holmes agreed. "But let me now redirect your
attention. Note the distinctive mud stains on the knees."
We crouched to examine the dead man's pants,
indeed stained with mud in mottled shades of red, brown,
and black.
"The pattern of the stain suggests he knelt in several
very different forms of soil simultaneously: red clay found in
Georgia and Tennessee, river silt, and bog peat. And with
my lens I identified two insect legs trapped in the fabric,
certainly from a boll weevil. This confluence doesn't occur
naturally in so concentrated an area."
"A greenhouse?" I mused.
"Perhaps," Holmes said dismissively. "But I am
reminded of an American named John Bullocq, sometimes
called the dirt magnate. In the 1850s, he made his fortune

carting dirt from around the Southern states to Devil's
Cape, Louisiana, where the average elevation was barely
above sea level. He used the dirt to create hills that the
wealthier citizens of the city could build their homes upon.
They competed in their extravagant purchases of his dirt,
each hoping to have his own mansion look down upon the
others. Bullocq's enterprise made the soil of Devil's Cape
quite uniquely varied."
Powell's face reddened. "Devil's Cape has voodoo,"
he said, "and pirates."
Devil's Cape had in fact been founded by pirates. The
masked pirate St. Diable, scourge of the Caribbean and
the Gulf of Mexico, and occasionally the waters of South
America, Africa, and even Europe, had built a fortress in
Louisiana to house his loot, his men, and his slaves. The
fortress had ultimately grown to a city that rivaled its nearby
sister, New Orleans, in size. Once years earlier at 221B
Baker Street, Holmes had declared it the most corrupt and
dangerous city on the face of the planet. "It is a city that
swallows law, Watson," he had said. "That embraces
corruption on such a grand scale as to make it almost a
separate nation unto itself."
Lestrade's nose wrinkled. "So that is your conclusion,
Holmes? The Friesland was attacked by pirates from
Devil's Cape?"
Holmes nodded. "St. Diable, the city's founder, is long
dead. But a succession of crime lords has followed, ruling

the city from behind the scenes. The most recent, O Jacaré,
or 'the Alligator,' adopted St. Diable's style of piracy
wholesale. After the demise of my long-time adversary
Professor Moriarty, I had occasion to review some of his
correspondence. Moriarty and Jacaré had developed a
friendship and wrote each other about such diverse topics
as Calvinism, forgery, fencing, the ancient game of Go, and
how best to dispose of me. Jacaré is cunning and ruthless,
certainly capable of orchestrating this massacre if the
motivation was strong enough, and I believe it was."
Lestrade snorted. "The attack ended many lives, but
his pirates didn't even get what they came for."
"Didn't they?" Holmes smiled thinly. "The Jacaré
sobriquet is misleading. For while he is certainly as fierce
as an alligator, he is much less single-minded. He has a
labyrinthine brain. I shouldn't be surprised if he had several
goals in this single attack." He held up a finger. "The first
was the subterfuge with the uniforms. Had we not pierced
this veil, it could have led to a war between Denmark and
the Netherlands, and quite possibly other nations in the
region."
Powell frowned. "But a naval war is a grave danger for
pirates. Patrols increase. More warships head to sea." He
shook his head.
"Yet the war creates predictable patterns," Holmes
said. "The escalation you describe is regionalized. Other
areas become more vulnerable. By creating conflict here, O

Jacaré could create opportunity elsewhere." He held up a
second finger. "Your inventory confirmed that none of the
works of art had gone astray. That was the element of your
tale that originally struck me as most intriguing. But
consider forgeries. If the pirates indeed stole several
paintings, but left reasonable facsimiles in their place, it
might take years before the truth came out. I predict further
investigation will verify this." He held up a third finger. "The
key to the third and final motive, however, lies in the cabin
before us."
I stared past him. "You said the Americans were not in
league with the pirates, Holmes," I said. "So they were his
targets? Who were they?"
Holmes smiled slyly, a magician about to commence
with the most astounding stage of his illusion. "You should
know, Watson. After all, you have beheld them with your
own eyes."
"What!"
"Examine the room, Watson. Point out the remarkable
details."
I was about to retort that I saw nothing remarkable
about the room at all, but stopped myself. I would never
outpace Holmes, but if I applied my own powers of
observation carefully, I could at least keep from being left
behind. I pursed my lips. "The chair," I said. "The cots would
not be comfortable for sitting, yet there is only a single
chair."

"Go on."
I stared at the cots, then blushed. "The men's cots are
pushed closely together," I said.
"And what do you conclude from that, Watson?"
"Well, I say, Holmes!" I blushed further. "I think that
should be quite clear without speaking it aloud. It's hardly
unheard of, after all, even in London."
"Why, Watson! How cosmopolitan of you!" Holmes
chuckled. "Though somewhat off the mark. Did you notice
the shoeprints in the rug? And the depression the chair
makes in it?"
With Holmes stepping aside, I walked into the room,
careful to avoid the rug. "The depression is quite deep," I
said. "Whoever sat in it must have been heavy. The
footprints are deep as well," I added, "though the shoes are
not particularly large—perhaps my own size." I blinked.
"And there's only the one pair."
"Excellent!" Holmes said. "Now, Inspector Lestrade.
Would you please examine the chest wound of the pirate in
the doorway?"
Lestrade crouched and looked as carefully as he could
without touching the body. Long experienced with Holmes's
oddities, he even sniffed the dead man's chest. Finally he
stood. "Clean shot to the heart. No gunpowder on the shirt,
so the shot came from several feet away at least."
Holmes looked at me. "Watson?"
Had I not known from Holmes's expression that

Lestrade had missed something, I would have drawn the
same conclusion as the inspector. As it was, I continued
staring at the fatal wound for close to a minute before
drawing back in surprise. I took Holmes's excellent
magnifying lens and looked more closely. "Good God," I
said.
"What is it?" Lestrade demanded.
"The injury is nearly circular, but not quite," I said. "This
man wasn't shot a single time. He was shot four times, all in
the same spot, all at more or less the same moment."
"How is that possible?" he asked.
"Watson," Holmes said. "Surely you remember now
where you saw these men? That circular we noted at
Piccadilly Circus this Saturday past, some twenty feet south
of the haberdashery?"
"Holmes! The Siamese twins?"
"Janus and Harvey Holingbroke. The circular
proclaimed them the greatest sensation and greatest
marksmen of the Wild West."
I looked at the fallen pirate. "Four shots aimed in
perfect synchronization," I said. I turned to Holmes. "I read
about them in one of my medical journals the next day, as a
matter of fact," I said. "They are called parapagus twins.
Their upper torsos are separate, but they share the same
body below that point." I nodded back at the room. "That
explains the single chair, the cots, the deep depressions
from their shared weight."

"And the signatures," he said. "The 'J' in John Smith
was quite bold and confident, while the rest of the name
was more hesitant. And the 'Har' in Harold Smith was
similar."
"For Janus and Harvey," I said, understanding. "Each
hesitated when he began to depart from his own name." I
looked at Powell. "The brothers made a fortune mining for
gold in California and retired to Devil's Cape."
Powell glowered. "Devil's Cape," he said, shaking his
head. "You are familiar with the story of Lady Danger?" he
asked.
If Holmes was surprised at the sudden turn in the
conversation, he didn't show it. "She was a privateer,"
Holmes said. "A masked heroine who served the English
court and often crossed blades with St. Diable. She
disappeared near Devil's Cape more than a century ago.
Her real name was Lady Penelope Powell." He raised his
eyebrows. "Ah," he said.
Powell nodded. "My great, great aunt," he said.
"I read a biography of her as a boy," I said gently. "It
suggested that she and St. Diable were in love."
Powell spat upon the floor. "The man was scum," he
said. "Some of the stories make him out to be a glamorous
rogue, but a masked pirate is still a damned murderer. He
undoubtedly killed Great Aunt Penny. They say that she
loved him. But how could you love someone you worked
against? An adversary? It makes no sense to me.

Hogwash."
I couldn't help but glance at Holmes. He knew
something of the attraction an adversary could have, his
own experience with "the woman," as he called her, the
mysterious Irene Adler.
But he merely nodded at Powell and walked down the
passageway to the exit.
"O Jacaré arranged all of this to murder these twins?"
Lestrade asked.
"Murder would have been simpler," Holmes said.
"Though I'm sure that the assault on the ship appealed to
Jacaré's pirate instincts, his goal was clearly to kidnap the
brothers while they were traveling incognito, ensuring that
no one knew that he has them in his power, or indeed that
they are still alive."
"But what does he want them for, Holmes?"
"When Dr. Watson and I get to Devil's Cape," Holmes
said, "we shall ask him."
I had assumed that the long summer boat journey,
particularly the sweltering leg that took us through the
Caribbean Sea and into the Gulf of Mexico, had prepared
me for the heat of Devil's Cape, but I was wrong. It was a
tangible, constant presence, like walking through water.
Holmes and I emerged from the steamship that had
carried us there—not that different, really, than the
Friesland—squinting into the sun, having left our trunks

behind with instructions for them to be transported to a
nearby inn where I had arranged rooms. The docks were a
swarm of faces and voices. A crew of black men was
singing a chantey while unloading our ship. Three
Chinamen hawked cool beverages and roasted nuts,
arguing about prices and stirring cinnamon-coated pecans
over small pails of hot coals. Masses of people milled back
and forth, shoving and swearing. I heard traces of French
and Portuguese and Hindi. I stared openmouthed, taking it
in.
"Not so fast," Holmes said, darting out an arm and
catching a street urchin by the ear. The lad, blond-haired
and tan as leather, winced as Holmes took hold of his
elbow and forced a wallet out of his hand. My own wallet, I
recognized. "Tut, tut," Holmes said, handing my wallet back
to me, and I wasn't certain if he was scolding the boy or me.
He gave the boy a quick kick in the rump and sent him
scurrying off.
I nodded my thanks. "Not unlike one of the Baker
Street Irregulars," I said. "Where to, Holmes?"
He pointed at a black hansom drawing up, pulled by an
Appaloosa horse. "I believe our transport has arrived," he
said.
The driver stepped from the cab and swaggered to us.
He was smartly dressed in a tailored suit, the jacket open in
front, a diamond gleaming from a ring on his pinkie. He had
tanned skin, a handlebar moustache, and a confident smile.

A golden police badge shaped like a sail was pinned to his
jacket. "Holmes and Watson, right?" he asked in what I'd
later come to identify as a Cajun accent. "I hope you not
been standing here too long, you." He shook Holmes's
hand, then mine, his grip forceful enough to grind my
knuckles together. "My boss, he ask me to show you
around town real nice and send you back where you
belong, see," he said. "Now, my cousin, he ask me to help
you any way I can." He grinned, showing an infectious smile
and a chipped tooth. "I'll leave you to guess which one I'll
listen to best. You got some boys bringing your things to
your rooms?"
I nodded.
"That's good," he said. "We can start right quick, then,
though I fear your entire trip's been a waste." He patted the
hansom. "Hop in, gentlemen," he said. We climbed inside,
and he climbed above us, taking the reins. Then his head
popped up in front of us, upside down, as he looked
through the front of the cab. "Aw, hell," he said. "I forgot to
introduce myself." He smiled again. "I'm Deputy Chief
Jackson Lestrade. Welcome to Devil's Cape."
As the hansom rolled away from our ship, we passed
several older sailing vessels permanently lashed to the
dock. They were brightly painted and adorned with pirate
flags and cannons.
"Part of our history," Deputy Chief Lestrade said with a

chuckle. "One or two of them even sailed under St. Diable's
flag. That one there"—he leaned down and pointed at one
decorated in garish pinks and purples, a rather undressed
figurehead on the prow—"is Madame Beth's Bordello.
Finest in all of Louisiana. Would you care to stop?"
We demurred, and his chuckle bubbled into a guffaw.
A scandalously dressed woman waved a feather boa from
the deck of the ship and called out, "Come here, Jackie,"
but Lestrade pressed on.
He led us out of the wharfs up a blustery road he
identified as Cap de Creus Street. The wind did little to cut
the heat. As we made our way through Devil's Cape's
notoriously curving, crooked streets, we passed bars, a
single ornate church decorated with mismatched
gargoyles, and shops selling voodoo curses, hardware,
and firearms. One pharmacy quite frankly advertised its
selection of cocaine, heroin, and opium. Taking it in,
Holmes's eyes took on a particular focus.
"Did you know to expect this Lestrade, Holmes?" I
asked.
Holmes blinked slowly, then turned his attention to me,
his lips twitching in sardonic acknowledgment of my
distraction. "A cousin to our own ally," he said. "The
inspector mentioned him before we left. He cabled ahead
as a courtesy."
"Quite fortuitous," I said.
Holmes frowned. He lowered his voice to a faint

whisper I could barely hear over the clopping of the
Appaloosa's hooves. "I have made unkind assessments
about the intellect of our own Inspector Lestrade in the past,
but he is at heart an honest man. Do not assume the same
of his cousin. If you expect that this Lestrade is a viper—or,
to respect the fauna of our location, a copperhead—poised
to strike at the earliest opportunity, you would not be far
from the mark."
I glanced nervously upward, as though to see this
Lestrade through the roof of the cab, but of course Holmes
would never be overheard unless he intended it.
"His clothing, that ring. These are not the marks of an
honest policeman," he said. "I may be doing him a
disservice, but it is wisest to show him only whatever trust
he earns. He is likely in the employ of O Jacaré or
someone like him." He leaned out of the cab, slapping the
roof smartly to draw Lestrade's attention. "I presume by our
course that you intend to take us to your home for dinner?"
he asked.
Lestrade yanked the reins, jerking us to a stop at the
edge of the street, and I noted for the first time the rough
scars along the horse's back. The man vaulted down
beside us, eyes wide in astonishment.
"I have but studied a map and used some elementary
deduction," my companion explained. "The Holingbroke
brothers' estate is to the northeast, near the Chien Jaune
River. The police headquarters is in Government Center,

also north of here. We passed our inn several minutes ago
and also half a dozen serviceable taverns and restaurants.
Since we turned off of Cap de Creus Street, you have
headed almost exclusively eastward, away from any other
logical destination."
Lestrade flashed that chipped tooth again. "You really
are all they say." My eyes were drawn to the ring Holmes
had mentioned, and the cut of his clothing. "My wife, she'll
treat you to an étouffée make you sit up and take notice,"
he said. He was broader and more handsome than our own
Lestrade, more confident and charming. But his eyes were
hard, and a chill swept through me despite the heat.
Lestrade's home was long and narrow, one and a half
stories raised nearly six feet above the ground on brick
piers. "Keeps us safe in floods," he told us. "And the air
underneath cools us." The house had a gabled roof and
curved, ornate brass decorations. It was the largest and
finest along his street, and did nothing to disprove
Holmes's theory.
Madame Lestrade was a stout, handsome woman, her
accent so thick I could scarcely recognize that we spoke
the same tongue. She greeted us warmly and then retired
to the kitchen, where we could hear her instructing her two
menservants in hushed, urgent tones.
"My cousin cabled me," Lestrade said, "that you think
O Jacaré rustled up an attack on a European ship? All to

kidnap Janus and Harvey Holingbroke?" He clucked his
tongue dismissively.
"I'll admit that it seems rather elaborate," Holmes said.
"Yet the facts support it." He described the evidence in
detail. By the time he was finished, the servants had dished
up the promised étouffée. It was a dish of shrimp, peppers,
onions, rice, and spices so flavorful and fiery that I feared
poison, yet Holmes dug into it with relish.
"Even saying that someone from our city did this,"
Lestrade said. "Why suspect O Jacaré?"
Holmes arched an eyebrow. "Oh, come now,
Lestrade," he said. "Jacaré is the current heir apparent to
St. Diable. Every strand of crime committed in and from
this city leads into a web, with Jacaré the spider at its
center. It could be no one else."
"But why?"
Holmes took another spoonful of étouffée, then
dabbed at his lips with his napkin. "I was hoping, deputy
chief, that you could tell me. Do they hold some sort of
power over him?"
"Janus and Harvey? Nah. They could shoot him, I
suppose. They're real good at that. But they'd have to find
him first, and he's a slippery one."
"You know the Holingbrokes, then?"
"Oh, sure. They're real popular, them, despite being a
couple of freaks."
"Popular enough that he might prefer it not be known

that he engineered an attack on them?"
Lestrade shrugged. "Maybe," he said. "They're
charming, and near rich as Rockefeller."
"The gold?"
"Sure. They found a mountain of it out in California a
while back."
"And their fortune is kept in a bank?"
Lestrade shifted uncomfortably. He looked toward the
kitchen and snapped, "Them sausages coming out anytime
soon?" He pushed his plate away. "Nah," he said. "Every
once in a while, they show up with a new gold bar. Got their
stash hidden away somewhere good."
Holmes smiled with satisfaction. "Motive enough," he
said.
"You don't understand. O Jacaré, he doesn't need
money, not that bad. He got more than he can spend."
"I understand him better than you might think," Holmes
said. "It is not the gold he seeks, but the satisfaction of the
mystery solved."
It was late when Lestrade pulled the hansom up to our
inn. The heat hadn't subsided, and I looked forward to a
bath and sleep.
"You still want to search for O Jacaré tomorrow,"
Lestrade said, "come down to the station and I'll help you
as I can. Like as not, though, if he has them, they'll be
dead."

Holmes stepped out of the cab. "We followed quickly
on the heels of whatever ship Jacaré sent to Europe," he
said. "They only need to hold out against his scrutiny for a
short time. And I have set things in motion." He turned to
me. "What time is it, Watson?"
I consulted my watch. "A quarter past ten o'clock."
"Ah, then. They shall be free by midnight."
Lestrade gaped. "You know where they are, then?"
Holmes smiled. "An assistant of mine does," he said.
"He shall take care of the details on our behalf." He bowed
slightly. "Good night, deputy chief."
Lestrade looked shaken as he climbed back into his
carriage and snapped the reins.
"Holmes!" I said, watching Lestrade depart. "Who is
this assistant you're referring to?"
Holmes walked briskly down the street. "Why,
Lestrade himself, of course," he said. "He clearly knows
where the brothers are being held and is now rushing to
verify they are still secure. Hurry, Watson! The game is
afoot!"
Holmes, it transpired, had arranged for a carriage of
our own to be kept waiting just around the corner from our
inn. It was a nondescript brown vehicle similar to many we'd
passed on the streets earlier in the day. "Climb in and
slump down, Watson," Holmes said, unhitching our horse
from its post and patting the creature affectionately on the

withers. "It's vital Lestrade not recognize us." He slipped on
a porkpie hat and hunched his shoulders, and had I not
seen the transformation or been sitting right beside him, I
would have never suspected that the man beside me was
my old friend. He clucked his tongue and sent our horse
down the road, and when he shouted at some roustabouts
to clear out of our way, his accent sounded as Cajun as a
native's. Our horse was a dusky mare with a placid
demeanor, padded shoes, and swift legs, and though the
Appaloosa and its hansom cab had slipped out of sight,
Holmes had some instinct for where he was going and we
spotted them again within just a few minutes.
"I thought for a while he might poison us," I said.
Holmes smiled. "Not prepared for the Cajun spices,
Watson? Remind me to tell you of the spices a friend of
mine from Tibet uses to accent his yak butter and blood
sausages." He slowed our mare to keep more distance
from Lestrade. The traffic of Devil's Cape was not as
congested at night as during the day, but it was rougher
and rowdier, and we were hardly conspicuous. "But I know
enough of Jacaré to dispose of poison as a concern. He is
much more visceral than that—remember the poor sailors
aboard the Friesland. And he knows of me from Moriarty
and your own florid accounts of our adventures. A creature
of his ego could not allow me to die within his own city
without looking me in the eye first. No, his initial plan was to
use Lestrade to put us off the scent. Failing that, he wants
to encounter me face to face."

"And you him."
Holmes stared at a group of rowdies passing around
bottles of whiskey and rum. "Just so," he said. "Since
Reichenbach Falls, Watson, and the demise of that
malignant brain who so long plagued us, I have been eager
for a challenge worthy of our efforts. O Jacaré lacks
Moriarty's subtlety, yet, government aside, he rules this city.
Deputy Chief Lestrade is hardly his only puppet, just the
most convenient one for this task because our long
familiarity with his cousin might have made us set caution
aside. If the mayor and chief of police don't kiss Jacaré's
ring, then they at least lower their heads in his presence
and allow him free rein."
We passed by closely packed homes and taverns,
twisting and turning through the city's maze of streets.
Holmes occasionally took a path that branched away from
Lestrade's, to keep him from recognizing our approach, but
could not do so with as much confidence as he might have
in the streets of London. We lost sight of him for nearly five
minutes and I saw creases of tension in Holmes's face,
sweat along his brow. Should we lose track of Lestrade
now, I realized, the brothers Holingbroke would never live to
see the dawn. When eventually we spotted him again, we
both sighed in relief, and Holmes pressed our calm mare
forward. Any exhaustion I'd felt earlier in the night was gone.
The thrill of the hunt exhilarated us both.

Lestrade eventually pulled away from the city, heading
east toward a mass of marshlands and swamp that Holmes
identified as Bayou Tarango. Of necessity, we dropped
even farther behind him, but the route was clearer here, with
fewer twists and forks. The ground grew muddy and we
passed among huge trees swathed in Spanish moss.
Insects hummed and chirped constantly and water bubbled
in the bog. Mosquitoes and gnats swarmed around us. The
swamp smelled of earth and decay, and strange lights
flickered in the distance.
Lestrade turned in our direction for a moment, then
pressed on.
"One way or another, Holmes, he will soon realize that
he is being followed," I said.
Holmes grunted and swatted a mosquito that had
landed on his jaw, and in the moonlight I saw a drop of
blood roll down his face. "Be prepared for danger,
Watson," he said.
I nodded.
He slowed as Lestrade approached a fork in the road,
allowing the hansom to gain some more distance from us.
For his part, Lestrade seemed to be gathering speed,
anxious to reach his destination. He selected the wider
path and disappeared beyond a cluster of trees, cattails,
and reeds.
Our carriage rolled forward and then Holmes brought
us to a shuddering stop. Lestrade's hansom stood at the

side of the road, empty.
We moved quickly, climbing out of the carriage,
spreading out, peering around in hopes of spotting him.
Lestrade had selected the spot for his ambush well
indeed. It was very dark, the moonlight shrouded by
branches and hanging moss. Holmes turned his attention to
the ground, making out footprints despite the dim light. He
spun on his heel, deducing where Lestrade was hidden, but
he was too late. Lestrade stepped from behind a tree
where he had hidden, nearly knee-deep in swamp muck,
and pointed a pistol at Holmes's chest.
"Nice hat," Lestrade said sarcastically.
Holmes doffed the porkpie hat and sent it spinning into
the swamp. "It served its purpose," he said.
"We can drop them games," Lestrade said. "You
tricked me good, but I tricked you, too."
"Perhaps."
"Led you the wrong way, didn't I? Got you trapped,
don't I?"
"You didn't note our presence until a few minutes ago,"
Holmes said, "just before you made that last turn. Should
we go back to that last fork, I surmise we will find what we
seek."
Lestrade flinched. But his pistol did not waver. He
stepped closer to Holmes. "You're real smart," he said.
"But smart don't matter when you're dead." He took another
step. "What's the matter? Got nothing else clever to say?"

Another step. "You're smiling," he said. "Why in heaven is
that?"
"I'm smiling, Lestrade," Holmes said, "because you're
holding the pistol on the wrong man."
While Holmes had engaged the deputy chief's
attention, I had carefully drawn my old service revolver. At
this cue, I aimed carefully and fired. Lestrade collapsed as
though thunderstruck, and Holmes quickly stepped forward
and put the policeman's weapon into his own pocket.
"The shoulder, Watson?"
"Villain or not, he is still a police officer and the cousin
of a trusted ally," I said, hurrying to tend to Lestrade's injury.
It was no glancing wound. He would live, but he had already
slipped into unconsciousness and would not wake soon.
"Look, Holmes," I said. I held up a small gris-gris I had
discovered on a leather band beneath Lestrade's shirt.
"A symbol of fealty to Jacaré, perhaps," Holmes said.
"Leave him in his cab. Your gunshot might have been noted
and there is little time to lose."
If we had followed Lestrade with caution, then we now
moved with reckless urgency. One carriage wheel left the
ground as we spun onto the fork that Lestrade had led us
away from.
"Open the chest there," Holmes said, nodding at a
small wooden chest at our feet.
I did so and discovered two gun belts, each with two

holstered pistols. "Good God, Holmes," I said. "Are my own
weapon and Lestrade's not enough?"
Holmes steered the carriage around a deep puddle in
our path. "Peacemakers," he said. "I believe those are the
types of weapons the Holingbrokes favor. Should Jacaré
have accomplices close to hand, we might need their
assistance."
We traveled a few minutes more before Holmes pulled
our carriage over again. I had spotted nothing to
differentiate this stretch of road from any other, but Holmes
gestured for me to leave our conveyance behind. "I smell
smoke," he said. "And there is light ahead. Let us proceed
on foot."
I slung the gun belts over my shoulder and followed
him. What we were on could hardly be called a road
anymore. The ground was muddy and split by grasses. I
nearly lost my shoes at one spot. Bats swooped and dove
amongst the trees around us, feasting on insects.
After several minutes we heard shouts, coarse
laughter, and screams of pain. We emerged from a cluster
of cypress trees into a clearing, the moonlight suddenly
bright. Perhaps a dozen men were gathered near a
ramshackle house beside the waters of the swamp, jostling
each other as they paced along a wooden deck and a long
pier, a bonfire blazing beside them near the shoreline. They
looked like pirates from a century or more earlier, with
wide-brimmed hats and vests over loose-fitting shirts. They

brandished swords, too, though their guns were modern
enough.
It was obvious which man was O Jacaré. No matter
what else held their attention, the others stepped from his
path with expressions of deference and fear. Jacaré wore a
sweeping, rakish hat with a bandana tied beneath. A single
gem, perhaps an opal, gleamed in the center of a patch
over his left eye. He had a full black beard that stretched
down to his belly, a jade-green jacket, and alligator boots.
The sword that hung from his waist glittered with gold and
gems.
But more striking even than the figure of Jacaré was
the sight that held the pirates' attention. A huge, dead bald
cypress tree at the water's edge was being used as a sort
of gallows, a rope slung over one heavy branch and held in
the massive hands of a huge pirate, bald and shirtless,
nearly seven feet tall. At the other end of the rope, just
barely above the water, dangled the twisted form of the
Holingbroke brothers, struggling against their bonds and
howling in pain and fear as the giant shook them.
As Holmes and I crept closer, I was shocked by the
sight of the brothers. They were shirtless, their backs
bloody from the lashes of a whip. I had seen an illustration
of them before, and read of their condition in my medical
journal, but my mind had trouble reconciling the sight of
them, two upper bodies, nearly identical, sharing a single
waist and single pair of legs.

Then I saw something that shocked me even more.
Something enormous frothed the water beneath them,
some tremendous beast hidden in the muck. The pirate
dangled the brothers lower until one's head splashed into
the water, and then the beast reared up, trying to take his
head in its enormous pale jaws. The pirate yanked them
back upward and the creature missed by inches, crashing
back into the water with a frustrated hiss and splashing the
pier with a white, scaled tail.
I turned toward Holmes in astonishment, but he was
using the distraction to run toward the bonfire at an oblique
angle, keeping it between him and the pirates. I followed
his example.
"Holmes, that creature—"
"An albino alligator," he said. "Quite large. Jacaré
wrote about it to Professor Moriarty. It lives nearby and he
lures it close from time to time for games such as these."
He peered past the flames. "Twelve men," he said. "And
should the large one drop his rope, it will doom the
Holingbrokes. Suggestions?"
I looked at the situation again, recalling my military
experience, recalling Afghanistan. It was hopeless on the
face of it. Two against twelve, the leader a ruthless criminal
overlord. I turned to Holmes. "Yes," I said. "I have a plan."
A heavy hand fell on my shoulder. I spun around and
found myself face to face with O Jacaré, a smile cutting
through the mass of his huge black beard. "I hope it's a

mighty fine plan, Dr. Watson. Cause if I were in your shoes,
I'd be sweating, I tell you true."
Jacaré and his pirates led us to the dock where the
Holingbroke brothers still swayed upside down from the
rope, their faces resolute. I'd managed to shift the gun belts
away from view under my coat, though that seemed little
enough advantage for the moment.
"Heard a lot about you, Mr. Holmes," the pirate said.
"Impressive, you tracking me from so far away."
"Elementary," said Holmes.
"You tricked Lestrade into leading you here, right? He
dead?"
"Merely incapacitated."
"Like I say, impressive. He ain't dumb. Little less
impressive, though, you getting caught."
I cleared my throat. "Holmes lacks your legion of
followers," I said.
Jacaré turned to me. "This your plan, doc? Get my
dander up so I have my men back off and challenge
Holmes to a fair fight?"
"I wouldn't recommend it," I said. "A fair fight didn't
work out well for Professor Moriarty."
Jacaré leaned back and for a moment I was certain he
was going to draw his sword and strike me down. Instead,
he laughed, a tremendous braying laugh that echoed
across the swamp and set the albino alligator back to

churning the waters. "I'm not much for fair," he said. "But I
like entertaining. Twelve on two, where's the sport in that?
We'll make it two on two." He nodded at the huge bald man.
"Darcé," he said. "Tie off that rope. You can kill Dr. Watson
while I murder Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
Darcé's fingers flew as he tied the rope to the pier
using some complicated sailor's knot. As he strode toward
me, I saw that he was even more gigantic than I had first
estimated. His muscles bulged as he stepped toward me.
He smiled a gap-toothed grin. "You scared?" he asked.
I forced myself to stand straight, raising my fists in
preparation. "Are you?" I challenged.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jacaré squaring off
against Holmes. The pirate had drawn his gleaming sword,
but my friend was unarmed and I feared for him.
Letting Holmes's plight draw my attention was a
mistake. I didn't even see Darcé raise his heavy arm for the
first blow. I was slammed backward, careening off the dock
to the mud. My chest ached. He charged after me, standing
over me and leaning over to punch me in the face. When I
rolled to the left, avoiding the blow, he straightened up and
kicked me in the ribs. I rolled away, gasping in pain, and
this time grabbed at his ankle as he tried to kick me again.
It was like trying to uproot a tree, but I rolled into it with all
my weight and he toppled beside me to the ground. He
growled and snorted and pulled himself to his knees. I
punched him in the jaw, but I had little leverage and he

seemed barely to notice.
The pirates were cheering on Darcé and Jacaré,
alternately laughing and jeering. I could neither see nor hear
Holmes, but took some slight comfort in the fact that his
fight evidently had not ended yet.
Darcé butted me in the face with his head. The blow
split the skin over my right eyebrow and blood flowed into
my eye. I swayed, stunned, while the giant climbed to his
feet, and could do little but groan in protest as his iron
hands lifted me up above his head. Then he took three long
steps toward the bonfire and prepared to throw me into the
flames. Fearing for my life, I wrenched around, throwing my
arm over his neck, and we fell to the mud together. The fall
took the wind out of me, and my old war wound from the
Jezail bullet throbbed. But Darcé's face was in the mud and
that gave me a brief moment of opportunity. I struck the
back of his neck with great force twice, stunning him, then
struggled to my feet. I plucked a heavy branch from the
bonfire, wincing in further pain at the heat, and swung the
fiery end of it at the pirate's bald head. His skin hissed as
the torch struck him, and I shuddered at the horror of it, but I
raised the branch once more and hit him again and he lay
still.
The pirates stared at me in stunned disbelief. With
Darcé vanquished and Jacaré engaged with Holmes, they
were unsure what to do with me. I knew, however, that that
advantage could not last long.

I looked at Holmes. He stood on the end of the pier,
holding off Jacaré with a board he had pulled from the
deck. His jacket had been sliced open just over the left
elbow and blood streaked his arm. My first instinct was to
draw my revolver and shoot the pirate lord, but I stopped
myself. If I missed, I could hit Holmes. And the other pirates'
indecision would soon evaporate if I began shooting at their
master.
Jacaré swung his cutlass at Holmes, who stepped to
one side, precariously close to the edge of the pier, and
blocked the blow with his board, which shattered into
splinters.
"Skillful," Jacaré said admiringly. "You learn kung fu?"
"Baritsu," Holmes answered shortly, eyes watching the
pirate carefully.
Making up my mind, I pulled Darcé's sword from his
belt. "Holmes!" I shouted, rushing forward and sliding the
weapon to him along the pier.
Holmes crouched and grabbed the sword by the hilt
just as it was about to tilt into the swamp. "My thanks,
Watson," he said. Then he raised the blade to Jacaré. " En
garde," he said.
The huge, pale alligator splashed the water again and I
was drawn once more to the Holingbrokes' danger. I rushed
to the rope that held them and began pulling it, trying to
figure out how best to get them down.
The brothers watched me groggily, nearly unconscious

from the beating and the strain of being held upside down.
I made little progress. Slippery from the mud, my
hands kept losing purchase. I pulled off my coat and
wrapped it around the rope. The pirates moved closer,
drawing blades and guns, still not quite sure whether to
murder me now or later.
Holmes and Jacaré continued their duel, the blows
from their swords ringing out like bells. "What the hell are
you waiting for?" Jacaré called out to his men. "Kill the
doctor."
I sighed, certain I would never see England again.
"Those belts!" cried out a raspy voice.
"Throw us them belts!" said another. I looked in
surprise to see the Holingbroke brothers, all four arms
outstretched, reaching for the gun belts I still had slung over
my shoulder.
With no time to think, and the pirates closing in, I did
what the twins asked.
I had occasionally indulged myself in the past by
reading stories of Western gunslingers in the penny
dreadfuls, always assuming that their feats were greatly
exaggerated. The circular Holmes and I had seen in
Piccadilly Circus had described the Holingbroke brothers
as the greatest marksmen of the Wild West, and again I
assumed hyperbole. But I have rarely seen anything move
so fast as those Siamese twins. Even beaten, exhausted,
and hung upside down, they snatched the belts out of the

air and drew the Peacemakers in less time than it would
take me to blink. All four pistols rang out repeatedly, like
thunder rolling across the swamp. I turned around, wiping
blood from my face, and saw to my eternal amazement that
all the pirates around me had been shot dead.
"I got six, you got four," said one of the brothers.
"I got five," the other said.
"No, we both shot that last one, but I shot him first. You
want credit for shooting a corpse now?"
"I shot him first."
"Nope. It's six to four, me," the first brother said. "Don't
take it too hard, I think you got whipped more than me, too."
"I think you got hit in the head harder," the second
brother said. "Affects your counting." He turned to me.
"Hey, doc! You mind helping us down?"
I looked at Holmes, still locked in combat with Jacaré.
They'd moved from the pier to the deck, and his back was
up against the ramshackle building. He'd been wounded
again, a gash along one cheek, but I could see him smiling
in the firelight, and he shook his head at me when I began
to raise my revolver toward his opponent.
Without the pirates surrounding me, helping the
Holingbroke brothers down presented little challenge, and
soon they were sitting in the mud, rubbing at the wounds the
ropes had burned into their legs and watching the duel.
"It's over," Holmes said to Jacaré, blocking another
blow. Holmes was clearly not as skilled in swordplay as his

opponent, and made few attacks of his own, but he
managed to ward off the worst of Jacaré's assaults, and
continually maneuvered himself over to the pirate's left side,
using his opponent's eyepatch as an advantage.
"Maybe so," the pirate said. "Maybe I should have
killed you straight out, but it seemed like a waste."
"Surrender," Holmes said.
"Nah," Jacaré answered. "T'ain't my way." He raised
his sword for another blow.
"You have a very interesting accent," Holmes said. "It
took me a while to place it. Your method of hiding your
secrets is a bold one."
For whatever reason, this last comment rattled Jacaré,
who bellowed and charged at Holmes with all his speed.
Holmes dropped his sword, bent down, and kicked
Jacaré at the side of the knee. The pirate howled in agony,
fell, and splashed into the water.
Alarmed, Holmes rushed forward, holding an arm out
to his opponent.
Jacaré splashed to the surface.
"Quickly, man," Holmes said.
But Jacaré, his face calm, ignored Holmes's offer of
help. There was a tremendous splash beside him, and then
the massive pale jaws of the alligator flashed in the
moonlight. Jacaré screamed once in pain and then the
beast pulled him under the water, its body rolling over and
over. The bog bubbled and churned as the creature shook

and began to consume its prey.
Weeks later, safely ensconced once more at 221B
Baker Street, our wounds mostly healed, I broached the
topic of the pirates of Devil's Cape over tea.
We had departed the city nearly as quickly as we had
arrived. The death of O Jacaré had left a void in the city as
large as that of a fallen king, and by morning, when news of
his death had spread, there was rioting in the streets.
Before leaving, we made certain that the Holingbrokes
were safe, and confirmed Holmes's suspicions, first that
they had been traveling aboard the Friesland incognito
because some of Jacaré's men had accosted them on their
European tour, and second that Jacaré had been
fascinated, even obsessed, with the mystery of where they
hid their gold. "I believe our traveling days are done for a
while," Janus Holingbroke told us. "Best to settle down here
for a spell."
Somewhat to my relief, Deputy Chief Lestrade
survived the shot to his shoulder. Holmes prepared
documentation of his crimes and forwarded them to the
office of Governor Murphy J. Foster of the state of
Louisiana, but we never received a response. Our own
Inspector Lestrade was appalled and consternated to learn
of his cousin's crimes, not the least because of the
opportunity it gave Holmes to jibe him about his relative.
"Holmes," I said, topping off my cup and taking a sip of

Mrs. Hudson's excellent brew. "I do wish you would settle
that last detail for me."
"Last detail, Watson?" he answered breezily, feigning
confusion.
"Your comment about Jacaré's accent," I said, "and
why it flustered him so."
"He was alone and defeated. Even had he managed
to strike me down, you and the other two sharpshooters
would have killed him in turn."
I waved off the implied compliment. "Defeated or not," I
persisted, "your words conquered him as surely as the blow
to his leg. What did you deduce from his accent?"
Holmes sighed. "With mysterious deaths and Siamese
twins and a giant alligator, this adventure was extraordinary
enough," he said. "I am reluctant to add another level of
mystery to the tale."
"Oh, come now, Holmes!"
He drank from his own cup and stared at the latest
addition to our parlor, a small painting of Lady Danger we
had received from Lieutenant-Commander Powell, who
was grateful for our defeating the pirates and returning the
seven paintings that they had stolen from the Rijksmuseum
exhibit. "Sometimes, Watson, a conclusion, no matter how
sound, can defy belief." He tapped the cup. "O Jacaré
seemed to revere the old pirate St. Diable in many ways:
his tactics, his accoutrements, his mental discipline. There
were some cosmetic differences, of course, such as the

beard and the eyepatch, but in many ways, Jacaré seemed
like a continuation of St. Diable himself."
"A disciple," I said. "He studied St. Diable and
emulated him."
"Perhaps," Holmes said. "That is certainly the most
likely explanation. But as you know, I have a rather
disciplined ear for language and accents. As we dueled, as
he spoke to me, I found myself struggling not just to
preserve my life, but to place his accent. And I realized that
if I considered not just different locales, but different times,
and the evolution of language over time, I might finally have
a solution."
"Holmes!" I cried. "You're saying that Jacaré was St.
Diable? That's preposterous! He'd have to be nearly three
centuries old."
"And now you know why I was reluctant to discuss the
subject. The mechanics of such a thing—how it could be
possible—elude me entirely. But answer this for me,
Watson: If my solution was as preposterous as you say,
then why did my comment shake him so badly?"
I stared into space, lost in thought, my hand trembling
as I sipped my tea. Try as I might, I could not answer
Holmes's question.

The Adventure of the
Green Skull
by Mark Valentine
Mark Valentine is the author of the novels In Violet
Veils, Masques and Citadels, and, with John Howard,
The Rite of Trebizond, which are about an "aesthetical
occult detective" and are collectively known as the
Tales of The Connoisseur. He is the editor of the
psychic sleuth anthology The Black Veil and The
Werewolf Pack. He also edits Wormwood, a journal of
fantasy, supernatural and decadent literature, and
writes regularly for Book & Magazine Collector about
neglected authors.
A revenant is a visible ghost or animated corpse that
returns to terrorize the living, often in retribution for
some wrong visited on that person in life. Wrongs
done create ghosts, and many wrongs were
committed against the workers of London in the early
days of industrialization. Many of these deprivations
were chronicled by the author Charles Dickens, who
was so traumatized by the time he spent working in a
dangerous, squalorous blacking factory that for the rest

of his life he wore gloves and washed his hands
constantly. The Sadler Committee once interviewed a
young man named Matthew Crabtree, who testified
that he had started work in a factory at the age of eight,
commonly worked sixteen-hour days, and was beaten
severely for the slightest infraction. He also testified
that in all his years in the factory, not an hour had
passed that you couldn't hear one of the child workers
wailing. Many people don't realize that the thick,
impenetrable London fogs that we associate with
Sherlock Holmes were a result of terrible air pollution.
The Victorian Age was romantic, but it was also a dark
time, when business interests were totally
unrestrained.
I have mentioned before the three massive manuscript
volumes that contain my notes on our cases for the year
1894. Circumstances now allow me to reveal the details of
one of these, as weird and tragic a case as any we
encountered. It was, I see, the beginning of November, and
Holmes was on capital form, pleased to be back at the hub
of matters in London after his long incognito wanderings in
the East and elsewhere. There had been a high wind
wailing outside our rooms and throughout the city, and
Holmes was just beginning to become restless for some
new matter to whet his keen mind upon. As was his habit,
therefore, he was scouring the pages of the Times at

breakfast, seeking evidence of anything untoward. Today
his researches had an especial edge, for he had received
word that Inspector Lestrade would call later, if convenient.
"Read that, Watson," he said, passing the paper to
me, and pointing to a brief paragraph.
"'Mr Josiah Walvis, 51, an overseer at the Bow-side
match-works, met an untimely end on Saturday evening
when he fell from a high wall abutting the East India Wharf,
and cracked his skull. The cause of his sad accident has
not been ascertained. It is understood Mr Walvis had been
entertaining friends at the Lamb & Flag public house before
making his way home. Interviewed, his associates say the
deceased was of his normal disposition upon departing,
and was not excessively inebriated. It is considered
possible Mr Walvis was contemplating a shorter route to
his home but missed his footing. Two witnesses, a
watchman and a street boy, aver that they saw the victim
pursued some moments beforehand, but this cannot be
better corroborated. The proprietor of the Bow matchworks reports that Mr Walvis was a diligent and just
employee who—well, etc, etc'"
"There is the barest hint of promise in that, Watson: the
pursuer, you know. But it is otherwise a drab affair. Yet it is
all there is. Inventive evil appears to have quite vanished
from London."
Holmes sighed, and began to gather up the dottles for
his morning pipe.

The visit of our colleague from Scotland Yard did not at
first obviate his gloom. For it seemed Lestrade had indeed
nothing better to offer.
"It's the Walvis business, Mr Holmes."
"Oh, indeed? But that happened two days ago,
Lestrade. The gales will have rushed all the evidence to the
four corners. There is no point in coming to me now."
"Well, it seems a straightforward case that is hardly
worth your while. But one of the constables, a keen lad, saw
something he didn't quite like."
"Indeed?"
"Yes. Of course, an accident is quite the likeliest
explanation. There was no robbery, and no other marks on
the body but those caused by the fall. Yet, here is the thing.
In the deceased's left hand, between the two middle
fingers, protruding outwards, was a spent match."
"Ah. That is singular." I saw my friend's eyes gleam.
"Quite so. A drowning man may clutch at a straw, but—
I say to myself—a falling man does not. He splays his
fingers, so . . . "
"Therefore, the match was placed there after the fall," I
interjected.
"Exactly, Doctor," returned Lestrade. "Now I am
inclined to regard it as merely a macabre little joke on the
part of the friends who found him. They all worked at the
match factory, you know. They were pretty far gone in drink.

So they put it there as if to say 'you, Walvis, have struck
your last match.' I questioned them pretty fiercely about that,
but they deny it. Half didn't notice it at all, the others say it
must have blown there . . . "
"You have preserved the match, Lestrade?" Holmes
demanded.
"I have, Mr Holmes, and—knowing your ways—have
brought it with me." Lestrade produced a twist of paper
from his waistcoat pocket and handed it over.
Holmes inspected the exhibit carefully between thumb
and forefinger, then handed it back.
"It tells us little. It is a Lyphant & Bray match—the
people who have the Bow works. So it could well have
come from his colleagues. Or from almost anybody. It is a
very popular brand. Yet, someone who has handled it may
be an actor."
We both looked suitably astonished, and Holmes
favoured us with an explanation. "It is very simple. I have
studied the shape, size and composition of over forty types
of lucifer or match—the matter complements my
researches upon tobacco ash, you know. A combination of
a certain ash and a certain match may help to mark a man.
But not in this case. No ash, and a very common brand."
"The theatrical connection?" I urged.
Holmes shrugged. "Oh, merely that someone has left a
small smudge of greasepaint upon the stick. Not you or
your constable, I assume, Lestrade?"

"Indeed not."
"Well, it does not get us very far. But what about this
evidence of a pursuer, Inspector?"
Our visitor's face settled into a satisfied smirk.
"The witnesses are not very sound. An aged
watchman, half deaf and almost wholly foolish. A street
arab, with a lively imagination."
"And what do they say?"
"Well, Mr Holmes, I don't give it much credit. Indeed, I
am trying what I can to suppress their little yarn. It doesn't
take much to spread unreasoning terror abroad."
There was a brittle silence, Lestrade savouring the
matter that had really brought him to us, Holmes quiveringly
alert.
"They say they saw Walvis chased down the street by
a phantom. It wore a hooded cloak, but they caught a
glimpse of its face—if you can call it that. It looked more
like, they said, it looked more like—a green skull."
Sherlock Holmes rose from his chair and rubbed his
hands together. "Come now," he said. "This sounds
promising."
The case may have caught my friend's imagination,
because of its peculiarities, but for some days he made
little progress. The scene, as he had anticipated, had been
quite wiped clean by the wind and rain of the intervening
days, and all the witnesses he interviewed stuck resolutely

to the stories they had given the police, even the two who
had seen the spectral pursuer. Lyphant & Bray would give
nothing but a sound character to Walvis, conceding only
that by some he might be regarded as somewhat stern in
his duties. There was little more for Holmes to do, and he
was succumbing again to his blue devils when, barely a
week later, Mrs Hudson ushered in a new client. He was an
angular, brisk young man, pale and peremptory in manner.
"Sit down, Mr Reynolds. This is my friend and
associate, Dr Watson. What is your business with us?"
"I have read of you, Mr Holmes, from Dr Watson's
accounts. I have observed that you see importance in
matters others overlook."
"You are very kind. And you think you have a similar
matter?"
"I do. My employer, Mr Thomas Mostyn, died last
night."
"I see. The cause?"
"Heart failure."
Holmes looked crestfallen.
"It is certain?"
"Yes. His medical man has treated him for years. He
has long had indifferent health. I could see this for myself
too."
"Then why—"
"That was the cause of his death, Mr Holmes. I am
concerned about the occasion of it."

"There is something here that does not satisfy you?"
"A number of matters."
Holmes tapped his fingers upon the arm of his chair.
"Pray proceed."
"Mr Mostyn's face in death was distorted most
disturbingly. It was a grimacing mask, exhibiting naked
fear."
I interrupted. "Rictus, Mr Reynolds. It can give the most
distressing effects."
Our client turned to me. "I understand. But there is
rather more. Though in his nightgown and dressing-gown,
as if prepared for bed, Mr Mostyn met his end in his study.
Some matter had taken him there. And in death he was
clutching between his middle fingers, pointing outwards—"
"A match."
Mr Reynolds' face was a picture of astonishment.
"Great heavens, yes. How did you know?"
Holmes smiled. "No matter. It was used?"
"Yes."
"Well, perhaps he was about to enjoy a cigar before
retiring. It is not uncommon."
"Certainly not, Mr Holmes. My employer disapproved
of smoking. It was the only matter of disagreement between
us. If I wished to smoke, I must do so clandestinely."
"I see. He does not sound very companionable. Well,
Mr Reynolds, let us have more of your story. You are his

private secretary?"
"I am. I deal—I dealt—with nearly all his business and
personal correspondence. He has many financial interests.
I have been with him some seven years, since I successfully
answered an advertisement he had placed upon his return
from Guiana. He was reticent about his wealth, but that he
had made a very great deal in the Americas was evident
enough to me from his investments."
"And had made enemies, no doubt?"
"I never heard of any. Indeed, all of his affairs
appeared to me almost entirely untroubled, until—well, that
is, until the particular incident that brings me to you. On
Tuesday last week, I opened Mr Mostyn's correspondence
as usual, and there was nothing out of the ordinary run of
things, but one: an envelope that contained no letter, only a
handful of matches. I could not imagine what the sender's
purpose was, although sometimes the advertisement men
do try the most foolish tricks to engage attention. I threw it in
the basket. When I took in the rest of the day's post and
went through it with my employer, we dealt with it all well
enough, until—at the end—I mentioned the matches, lightheartedly. Quite a remarkable change came over his face. I
had never seen him so agitated, except perhaps once
when he felt he had been browbeaten by a hothead of a
lawyer into some settlement he did not like—the one
matter, as it happens, where he did not confide in me."
"I see. The envelope arrived—what, eight days ago?

Go on, Mr Reynolds. This may all be more germane than
you know."
"In his agitation, Mr Mostyn asked me exactly how
many matches there were. I am afraid I laughed and said I
did not know. He became vehement and told me to go and
count them at once. I could scarcely believe the order, but I
did as he bid."
"And?"
"There were nine or ten."
"Nine or ten? Mr Reynolds!"
"Ten, then. It seemed of no moment."
"Do you have them?"
"Well, yes I do. But only because I found them in my
employer's desk drawer, next to his appointments diary. I
cannot imagine why he kept them."
Our visitor handed them over and Holmes subjected
them to scrutiny, separating three from the others.
Mr Reynolds regarded Holmes's actions quizzically,
then resumed. "A little later that day, Mr Mostyn gave me a
most unusual instruction. He said that business compelled
him to go abroad again, it might be for some time. I was to
realise as much as I could, and as quickly as I could, of his
investments, so that within one week—he was most
insistent upon that—within one week, he should be ready to
leave."
"He had never done such a thing before?"
"No. I was very much surprised. From what I knew of

his business affairs, there was nothing of any consequence
to call his attention overseas. But by requiring me to turn his
holdings to cash so quickly, he forfeited a great deal of their
value. I could not imagine what would impel him to that."
"Is there anything more, Mr Reynolds?"
Our visitor hesitated.
"No."
"Think back very carefully, sir. Over this recent period,
has there been any matter whatever at all out of the
ordinary?"
"Oh, only foolish talk from the boot-boy. He reads too
much sensational literature."
"Indeed? I find it has much to commend it. And what
was his prattle? Spring-Heeled Jack? The Wild Boys of the
Sewers?"
"Ha, very nearly so, Mr Holmes. He said he saw some
figure skulking around the garden at night. He has an attic
room that commands a view. He should have been asleep,
but no doubt was reading his rubbish. He said he saw
Death with a lantern. The maid, superstitious soul, says it
had come for Mr Mostyn. I had to speak severely to both of
them . . . Of course, there may have been an interloper, but
scarcely in that form. Now, Mr Holmes, what is your
advice?"
"I should like to visit the scene without delay, Mr
Reynolds. And I am concerned for you, sir. You have had an
unpleasant experience. Now there is no necessity for

subterfuge, help yourself to one of these—a Macedonian—
you will find it quite soothing—while we get ready. Now,
where are my matches? You have some with you? Good.
good. We shall not be long."
Despite the tragedy that had taken place in No 4,
Pavia Court, Mostyn's address, I relished our visit, for it was
a pleasure to see Holmes prowling throughout the house
and its modest grounds in his customary keen-eyed search
for any clue that might bring substance to the shadows that
had gathered here. I saw him crawling carefully around the
garden at the rear, and its narrow entrance gate, examining
the sash upon the study window that overlooked it on the
ground floor, and walking up and down the small, blind
street, itself off a very minor thoroughfare, that comprised
the Court, in all these places picking up and examining any
piece of unregarded flotsam. I heard of him also in the
pantry in animated conversation with Victor, the boot-boy,
comparing the merits of various thrilling pamphlets: and in
the study, questioning Reynolds closely about his
employer's business holdings.
For my part, I sought out Mostyn's doctor, Hawkins, on
the pretext that I was a medical advisor to his insurance
people. Although, as a matter of form, the district police
had been called, they had relied upon his assurance that a
heart failure was responsible for the death. He conceded
he had quite expected—and indeed hoped, since Mostyn
paid well—that his patient would have survived some years

longer, but it was still quite within the bounds of medical
science that the condition had taken him earlier. Might—I
suggested—some additional anxiety in his affairs, even
some shock or other, have contributed? Dr Hawkins was
affable: yes, of course, it very well might.
It was clear to me that Holmes had some definite line
of enquiry in his sights, though I could not tell what. The next
day, he was missing from our rooms for much of the time,
and would say only that he had paid a call upon one of the
new independent lucifer-makers. I was, therefore, a little
taken aback when, shortly after our visit to Mostyn's home,
the boot-boy Victor presented himself, somewhat windruffled but evidently bursting with news.
"I did 'sactly as you said, Mr Holmes. I took a place in
the bun shop opposite this inventor cove's place, Raffles,
and watched and watched. I had to eat getting on for a
dozen stickies before your mark came out, corst a terrible
lot they did—" (a clink) "well, thank you very much sir,
anyways after you'd been to see him and he'd shut up shop
that day, it was hours and hours after, he looks about him
and sets off smartish. But I'm on his track like you told
me . . . "
"You see, Watson, nobody ever pays attention to small
boys loitering or getting up to mischief. It's what they do. A
perfect disguise: behaving naturally. Well, where did
(ahem) the inventor Raffles go?"

"He went out Chelsea way, where all the artists and
anarchists are, sir, they're always up to plots in The Black
Paper, 'sfact."
"So they are, Victor. And who are they are in league
with, eh?"
"That's what I was going to find out. He heads for a
door in a yard off Blyth Street, and he's looking all around
him, see: furtive, that's what they call it. But he doesn't see
me. And he knocks and there's a wait and like a judas in
the door opens, but I can't see much. And then—then the
door opens just a crack, and he talks very excited like, and
he gets let in. And he stays there not long, twenty minutes
maybe."
"See anything when the door opened?"
"You bet. Woundy—beg pardon sir—scary."
"You're sure, Victor?"
"Blood honour, sir."
"That's good enough for me."
I looked from one to the other. "Well?"
Holmes raised an eyebrow.
"He saw Death, Watson. Isn't that right? The thing that
came to Mr Mostyn's garden?"
The youth nodded solemnly.
Holmes wasted no time. After swift directions from the
boy, amply rewarded, we hailed a cab to the hidden,
curious quarter he had indicated. In the neighbourhood, my

friend enlisted another ragamuffin helper, a blind matchseller. A sovereign and a swift rehearsal of her role ensued.
God knows she was battered enough looking, but she
made her condition look even more distressing and
knocked weakly and repeatedly at the door, imploring help.
At the first the face behind the shutter ushered her away,
but she swayed and cried and pleaded. The figure within
went away a while, and then the door opened very slowly.
We then abandoned all subtlety and flung ourselves at the
crack. The child ran off, there was a harsh shout and a
scurrying, and we burst in.
We were confronted by—a thing at bay. In one corner
of the bare, meanly furnished room, there stood glowering
at us a figure wrapped around in cloaks from which
emerged a hairless, shrunken, bony head, where such
meagre flesh as there was had a vile, livid hue.
"I do not know who or what you are," Sherlock Holmes
said, "but your business is at an end. I have evidence that
will connect you with two deaths."
The creature's eyes were filled with hatred, and cast
wildly about for escape. Then they seemed to dim, and the
skull sank down, before it looked up at us again.
"You have no evidence that would convince a court. Yet
perhaps it is time to let things rest. And I believe you will not
speak so harshly when you have heard my story."
I gasped, and I could sense that even the icy Holmes
was taken aback. For the voice was that of a gentlewoman,

clear and well-modulated. She beckoned us to two rough
chairs. We made introductions and looked at her
enquiringly.
"My name is of no consequence. I was born in the
colony of Guiana, where my mother succumbed young to
the foul waters. My father and a native nursemaid looked
after me in my infancy, but he was taken too by some
disease of the unhealthy conditions there. We had no close
kin, but there was a distant cousin who had been once in
the colony and had come to know my father before
returning to England. I found that I—and my father's wealth
—were entrusted to this person, and I was shipped to a
land I had never known as home. The next part of my story
will hardly surprise you. This cousin and guardian, so
called, claimed my father's business affairs were in
disorder and it was all he could do to settle his debts,
penurying himself in the process. I must be put to work. I
was sent to the Lyphant & Bray match factory, and housed
nearby in squalid lodgings. From then onwards—I was
twelve, mark you—my life was one of unremitting drudgery
and callousness, in the most terrible conditions. I saw my
guardian infrequently and then, I am sure, he came only to
ensure I was secure. The fact that I had been educated and
prepared for a gentler place made matters worse. The
taskmaster—Walvis—took a hatred of me. I believe he was
in league with my guardian, for I saw them confer together
when he came. My natural rebelliousness against the

conditions meant this creature was able to taunt, scold, fine
and beat me. There was not the slightest opportunity I might
escape—I was kept under close watch and had no money
anyway."
"It is pitiable, Madam," I conceded.
"It is the life of many of your fellow creatures. It would
be mine still, had I not taken the one opportunity that came
my way. You will recall of course the great match-girls'
protest some five or six years ago? I am proud to confess I
was one of the agitators. After much hardship, the
proprietors permitted a tour of inspection of the factory by
some eminent sympathisers—it was all well-managed, of
course. But some of the more astute of them realised this,
and deliberately looked for an opportunity to become
detached from the party and learn the untutored truth. I told
my story hurriedly to Mr Shardlow, the Radical, and he was
much affected and promised to see me have justice. I know
now that he confronted my guardian and wrung from him
some settlement on my behalf—Mr Shardlow is a lawyer
and a strong orator, of course. Since this release, I have
done what I can for those left behind. The terrible yellow
phosphorous that Lyphant & Bray use must be abolished:
there are safer alternatives. That was my campaign. But it
will be too late for me."
"You have phossy-jaw, Madam? It is a bad business."
"Exactly, Dr. Watson. You may see the symptoms."
I turned to Holmes. "It affects those over-exposed to

the noxious chemicals used in the match trade. It brings a
green pallor, a sinking of the cheek bones, complete loss of
hair, a shrinking of the flesh. It is incurable. But forgive me,
madam—yours is an exceptionally severe case. "
"It is well advanced, Doctor. But also, since I cannot
disguise its ravages, I decided to accentuate them, to
render my appearance still more ghastly. For I had
determined to confront my persecutors face to face with
what they had done. With the cunning of theatrical make-up,
I thought I could strike terror in their hearts and jolt them into
some realisation of their evil. My craft was good. It worked
somewhat better than I expected. Poor Walvis fled from me
in mad panic and plunged to his doom. While—"
She hesitated.
"Mostyn," supplied Holmes.
"Yes, I see you know everything. Mostyn was already
full of fear from the little message I sent him."
"The spent matches," I put in.
"Yes, Doctor. You were my accomplice in those, of
course."
"I—why, I . . . "
"I read with great relish your account of the Five
Orange Pips sent as a sinister warning. And so has half
London, I should think. It gave me an idea."
"So I see," remarked Holmes, drily.
"Mostyn was an implacable opponent of the match
reforms, and as a chief investor in Lyphant & Bray, was an

obstacle to my plans. I had to chase him away. My
guardian, I reasoned, would have heard of the strange
death of his accomplice, the overseer Walvis. He will not be
quite sure if it were the accident it seemed. He will hardly
miss the significance of a packet of dead matches
delivered to him. And a man less vilely cunning than he
would reason that seven matches equals seven days. It was
a fair warning. His face when I slid open the sash of his
study and advanced upon him was dreadful to behold: yet
not, you can see, so dreadful as what he had done to me."
There was a silence.
"And now, gentlemen, what do you intend? You hardly
have any case, you know. And it is all one to me. I cannot
live much longer: but I would not harm my cause."
Sherlock Holmes stared piercingly at her.
"There must be no more apparitions."
"There will be none."
"Then this matter is concluded. I am my own law, and
you are not, as I judge, in default of it."
That the case had shaken Holmes I could tell from the
brooding silence he observed on our way back to Baker
Street in a cab. But once in our rooms again, and after he
had played over Swettenham's sweetly melancholy violin
sonata, he became somewhat restored.
"I shall be able to use this case in due course as an
exemplar for my monograph on lucifers, matches, and

spills," he observed. "Here are the ones left on the dead
men and sent in the envelope—all Lyphant & Bray—see the
squared-off stalks and yellow residue at the head. Here are
three that Reynolds cast in the waste basket after having
several secret cigarettes—they are identical to the one he
left here after smoking one of my Macedonians. They are
from the Phoebus Match Co, a rounded stem and a more
friable head. They led Mostyn to think he had ten days
before Nemesis would strike: in fact, he had only a week.
"And here are those I found in Pavia Court. One at the
top of the street, by the sign: struck to check it was the right
street; one by the gate; one in the garden, for the dark
lantern. These were my treasures. They are a very
uncommon match indeed—Raphael's Hygienic. An
experimental type, to see if some less deadly form of
phosphor can be used in match manufacture, one that will
do no harm to the poor creatures in the match
manufactories. The lady of the skull, Watson, used Lyphant
& Bray, the instruments of her oppression as a calling card
on those she wished to harm, but in her everyday use she
naturally patronised, and indeed part-funded, the safer
design. I merely had to make known that I had connected
the apparition to the Raphael workshop, and I felt sure the
young inventor there would hurry to let her know and warn
her off. In the morning, Watson, I shall visit to reassure him:
and, after all we have heard, to place our order for matches
always with him."

The Human Mystery
by Tanith Lee
Tanith Lee, a two-time winner of the World Fantasy
Award, is the author of more than 100 books. These
include The Piratica series, The Wolf Tower/Claidi
Journals, and the Blood Opera series. Other novels
include The Birthgrave (a finalist for the Nebula
Award), and Death's Master (winner of the British
Fantasy Award). Her Flat Earth series is now being
brought back into print, with two new volumes in the
series on the way. Lee also has several new short
stories forthcoming in various magazines and
anthologies. Her most recent book is a new story
collection, Tempting the Gods.
If you were to ask readers what makes Sherlock
Holmes such an intriguing character, many people
would probably answer that it's what he knows—his
encyclopedic knowledge of mud stains, handwriting,
postmarks, poisons, etc. Holmes's intellect is certainly
captivating, and often we can only gape in awe, as
Watson does, at the great detective's recall of some
obscure fact. Who doesn't fantasize about having a
mind so well honed? But when you think about it, what

really makes Holmes so fascinating is not just what he
knows, but also what he doesn't know. A character
who always knows everything would be a bit dull and
predictable. Holmes is such a genius that it sometimes
seems that he knows everything, but we often forget
that Holmes is able to recall so much information
relating to detective work because he has purposely
remained ignorant about so much else. In "A Study in
Scarlet," Holmes claims not to know that the Earth
orbits the sun, because that fact does not directly
relate to solving crimes. Fascinating. Our next
adventure, which involves a lady, a house, and a curse,
takes Holmes deep into one of those territories about
which he still has much to learn.

1
Although I have written so often of the genius of Mr.
Sherlock Holmes, a reader may have noticed, it was not
always to Holmes's satisfaction. With that in mind, I suspect
the reader may also have wondered if, on occasion, certain
exploits were never committed to paper. This I confess to
be true.
The causes are various. In some instances the
investigation had been of so delicate a nature that, sworn to
secrecy myself, as was Holmes, I could not break my vow.
Elsewhere Holmes had perhaps acted alone, and never

fully enlightened me, due mostly, I believe, to a certain
boredom he often exhibited, when a case was just then
complete. Other adventures proved ultimately dull, and
dullness I have never readily associated with Sherlock
Holmes.
Otherwise a small body of events remain, rogues of
their kind.
They would not please the more devoted reader, as
indeed at the time they had not pleased Holmes, or myself.
I do not mean to imply here any failure, anything
dishonourable or paltry on the part of Holmes. Although he
has his faults, that glowing brain of his, when once
electrically charged, transcends them. In this, or in any age,
I daresay, he would be a great man. Nevertheless, certain
rare happenings have bruised his spirit, and in such a way
that I, his chronicler, have let them lie.
A year has gone by, however. An insignificant item in
the newspaper brings me to my pen. No other may ever
read what it writes. It seems to me, even so, that what was
a distasteful, sad curiosity, has become a tragedy.
Holmes, although he will, almost undoubtedly, have
seen the item, has not alluded to it. I well remember his
sometime comment that more recent work pushes from his
memory the ventures of the past. It is therefore possible he
has forgotten the case of the Caston Gall.
One winter afternoon, a few days before Christmas,
Holmes and I returned to our rooms from some business

near Trafalgar Square. The water in the fountain had been
frozen, and I had great sympathy with it. The Baker Street
fire was blazing, and the lamps soon lit, for the afternoon
was already spent and very dark, with a light snow now
falling.
Holmes regarded the snow from the window a
moment, then turning, held out to me a letter. "I wonder if the
weather will deter our visitor?"
"Which visitor is that?"
"This arrived earlier. I saved it to show you on our
return."
Dear Mr. Holmes,
I should like to call upon you this afternoon at three
o'clock.
Hopefully, this will be of no inconvenience to you.
Should it prove otherwise, I will return at some more
favourable hour.
I looked up. "How unusual, Holmes. A client who fails
to assume you are always in residence, awaiting them!"
"Indeed. I also was struck by that."
The letter continued:

I am divided in my mind whether or not to ask your
opinion. The matter at hand seems strange and
foreboding to me, but I am acutely conscious your time
is often filled, and perhaps I am fanciful. Finally I have
decided to set the facts before you, that you may be
the judge. Please believe me, Mr. Holmes, if you can
assure me I have no cause for fear, I shall depart at
once with a light heart.
"Good heavens!" I exclaimed.
Holmes stood by the window. "She sets great store by
my opinion, it seems. She will allow me to decide her fate
merely on hearsay."
"She? Ah yes, a lady." The signature read "Eleanor
Caston." It was a strong, educated hand, and the paper of
good quality.
"What do you make of it, Watson?" Holmes asked, as
was his wont.
I told him my views on the paper, and added, "I think
she is quite young, although not a girl."
"Ah, do you say so. And why?"
"The writing is formed, but there is none of the stiffness
in it which tends to come with age. Nor does she seem
querulous. She has all the courteous thought of someone
used to getting her own way. Conversely, she knows of and

trusts you. Wisdom, but with a bold spirit. A young woman."
"Watson, I stand in awe."
"I suppose," I added, not quite liking his tone, "an
elderly lady will now enter the room."
"Probably not. Mrs. Hudson caught sight of her earlier.
But do go on."
"I can think of nothing else. Except I have used this
writing paper myself. It is good but hardly extravagant."
"Two other things are apparent," said Holmes, leaning
to the letter. "She wears a ring slightly too large for her, on
her right hand. It has slipped and caught in the ink, here and
here, do you see? And she does not, as most of her sex
do, favour scent."
I sniffed the paper. "No, it seems not."
"For that reason, I think, Watson, you at first deduced
the letter had been penned by a man. A faint floweriness is
often present in these cases. Besides, her writing is wellformed but a trifle masculine."
Below, I heard the bell ring. "And here she is."
Presently Eleanor Caston was admitted to the room.
She was slim, and quite tall, her movements extremely
graceful. She wore a tawny costume, trimmed with marten
fur, and a hat of the same material. Her complexion was
white and clear, and she had fine eyes of a dark grey. Her
hair was decidedly the crowning glory, luxuriant, elegantly
dressed, and of a colour not unlike polished mahogany. I
was surprised to note, when she had taken off her gloves,

that contrary to Holmes's statement, she wore no rings.
Although her appearance was quite captivating, she
was not, I thought, a woman one would especially notice.
But I had not been in her company more than five minutes,
before I realized hers was a face that seemed constantly
changeable. She would, in a few moments, pass from a
certain prettiness to an ordinariness to vivid flashes of
beauty. It was quite bewitching.
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson, for allowing
me this interview today. Your time is a precious
commodity."
Holmes had sat down facing her. "Time is precious to
all of us, Miss Caston. You seem to have some fear for
yours."
Until that moment she had not looked directly at him.
Now she did so, and she paled. Lowering her eyes, she
said, rather haltingly, "You must forgive me. This is, as you
suspect, perhaps a matter of life or death to me."
Without taking his eyes from her, Holmes signalled to
me. I rose at once and poured for her a glass of water. She
thanked me, sipped it, and set it aside.
She said, "I have followed many of your cases, Mr.
Holmes, in the literature of Doctor Watson."
"Literature—ah, yes," Holmes remarked.
"The curiosity of it is, therefore, that I seem almost to
be acquainted with you. Which enables me to speak
freely."

"Then by all means, Miss Caston, speak."
"Until this summer, I have lived an uneventful life. My
work has been in the libraries of others, interesting enough,
if not highly remunerative. Then I was suddenly informed I
had come into a house and an amount of money which, to
me, represents a fortune. The idea I need no longer labour
for others, but might indulge in study, books and music on
my own account, was a boon beyond price. You see, a very
distant relative, a sort of aunt I had never known I had, died
last Christmas, and left all her property to me, as her only
relation. You will note, I am not in mourning. As I say, I did
not know her, and I dislike hypocrisy. I soon removed to the
large house near Chislehurst, with its grounds and view of
fields and woodland. Perhaps you can envisage my
happiness."
She paused. Holmes said, "And then?"
"Autumn came, and with it a change. The servants,
who until then had been efficient and cheerful, altered. My
maid, Lucy, left my service. She was in tears and said she
had liked her position very well, but then gave some pretext
of a sick mother."
"And how could you be sure it was a pretext, Miss
Caston?"
"I could not, Mr. Holmes, and so I had to let her go. But
it had been my understanding that she, as I, was without
family or any close friends."
At this instant she raised her head fiercely, and her

eyes burned, and I saw she was indeed a very beautiful
woman, and conceivably a courageous one. Despite her
self-possession, it was obvious to me that Holmes made
her shy and uneasy. She turned more often to me in
speech. This phenomenon was not quite uncommon, I must
admit. She had admitted after all to reading my histories,
and so might have some awareness of Holmes's opinion of
women.
"Presently," she went on, "I had recourse to my aunt's
papers. I should have explained, a box of them had been
left for me, with instructions from my aunt to read them. That
is, the instruction was not directed solely at me, but at any
woman bearing the Caston name, and living alone in the
house. Until then I had put the task off. I thought I should be
bored."
"But you were not," said Holmes.
"At first I found only legal documents. But then I came
to these. I have them here." She produced and held out to
him two sheets of paper. He read the first. Then, having got
up and handed both papers to me, Holmes walked about
the room. Reaching the window, he stayed to look out into
the soft flurry of the falling snow and the darkness of
impending night. "And she had died at Christmas?"
"Yes, Mr. Holmes, she had. So had they all."
The first paper was a letter from Miss Caston's aunt. It
bore out my earlier amateur theory, for the writing was
crotchety and crabbed. The aunt was a woman in her late

sixties, it seemed, her hand tired by much writing.
To any female of the Caston family, living in this house
a single life, unwed, or lacking the presence of a father
or a brother: Be aware now that there is a curse put on
the solitary spinsters of our line.
You may live well in this house at any time of year save
the five days which forerun and culminate in Christmas
Eve. If you would know more, you must read the
following page, which I have copied from Derwent's
Legends of Ancient Houses. You will find the very
book in the library here. Take heed of it, and all will be
well. It is a dogged curse, and easy to outwit, if
inconvenient. Should you disregard my warning, at
Christmas, you will die here.
I turned to the second paper. Holmes all this while
stood silent, his back to us both. The young woman kept
silent too, her eyes fixed on him now as if she had pinned
them there, with her hopes.
"Watson," said Holmes, "kindly read Derwent's
commentary aloud to me."
I did so.

In the year 1407, the knight Hugh de Castone is said to
have left his bane on the old manor-farm at Crowby,
near Chislehurst.
A notorious woman-hater, Sir Hugh decreed that if any
Castone woman lived on the property without husband,
father or brother to command her obedience, she
would die there a sudden death at Yuletide. It must be
noted that this was the season at which de Castone's
own wife and sister had conspired to poison him,
failed, and been mercilessly hanged by his own hands.
However, the curse is heard of no more until the late
seventeenth century, when Mistress Hannah Castone,
her husband three months dead, held a modest festival
in the house. She accordingly died from choking on the
bone of a fowl, on Christmas Eve. One curiosity which
was noted at the time, and which caused perplexity,
was that a white fox had been spotted in the
neighbourhood, which after Mistress Castone's burial,
vanished. A white fox it seems, had been the blazon of
Sir Hugh de Castone, as depicted on his coat of arms.
I stopped here and glanced at Miss Caston. She had
turned from us both and was gazing in the fire. She
appeared calm as marble, but it occurred to me that might
be a brave woman's mask for agitation.
"Watson, why have you stopped?" came from the

window.
I went on.
Again the curse fell dormant. It may be that only
married ladies thereafter dwelled at the farm, sisters
with brothers or daughters with their fathers. However,
in 1794, during the great and awful Revolution in
France, a French descendant of the Castons took
refuge in the house, a woman whose husband had
been lost to the guillotine. Three nights before the eve
of Christmas, charmed, as she said, by glimpsing a
white fox running along the terrace, the lady stepped
out, missed her footing on the icy stair, and falling,
broke her neck. There has in this century been only
one violent death of a Caston woman at the house in
Crowby. Maria Caston, following the death of her
father the previous year, set up her home there. But on
the evening preceding Christmas Eve, she was shot
and killed, supposedly by an unwanted lover, although
the man was never apprehended. It is generally said
that this curse, which is popularly called the Caston
Gall, is abridged by midnight on Christmas Eve, since
the holiness of Christmas Day itself defeats it.
I put down the paper, and Holmes sprang round from
the window.

"Tell me, Miss Caston," he said, "are you very
superstitious?"
"No, Mr. Holmes. Not at all. I have never credited
anything which could not be proved. Left to myself, I would
say all this was nonsense."
"However?"
"The lady I call my aunt died on Christmas Eve, about
eleven o'clock at night. She had had to break her own
custom. Normally she would leave the house ten days
before Christmas, staying with friends in London, and
returning three days after St. Stevens. But this year she fell
ill on the very day she was to leave. She was too unwell to
travel, and remained so. I heard all this, you understand,
from the servants, when once I had read the papers in the
box, and questioned my staff firmly."
"How did she die?"
"She was asleep in her bed, and rallying, the doctor
believed. The maid slipped out for a moment, and coming
back found my aunt had risen as if much frightened, and
was now lying by the fireplace. Her face was congested
and full of horror. She was rigid, they told me, as a stone."
"The cause?"
"It was determined as a seizure of the heart."
"Could it not have been?"
"Of course her heart may have been the culprit."
Holmes glanced at me. His face was haughty and
remote but his eyes had in them that dry mercurial glitter I

connect with his interest.
"Mr. Holmes," said Eleanor Caston, standing up as if
to confront him, "when I had questioned my servants, I put
the story away with the papers. I engaged a new maid to
replace Lucy. I went on with my improved life. But the
months passed, and late in November, Lucy wrote to me. It
was she who found my aunt lying dead, and now the girl told
me she herself had also that day seen a white fox in the
fields. It would be, of course, an albino, and our local hunt, I
know, would think it unsporting to destroy such a creature.
No, no. You must not think for a moment any of this daunted
me."
"What has?"
"Three days ago, another letter came."
"From your maid?"
"Possibly. I can hardly say."
On the table near the fire she now let fall a thin, pinkish
paper. Holmes bent over it. He read aloud, slowly, "'Go you
out and live, or stay to die.'" He added, "Watson, come and
look at this."
The paper was cheap, of a type that might be found in
a thousand stationers who catered to the poor. Upon it
every word had been pasted. These words were not cut
from a book or newspaper, however. Each seemed to have
been taken from a specimen of handwriting, and no two
were alike. I remarked on this.
"Yes, Watson. Even the paper on which each word is

written is of a different sort. The inks are different. Even the
implement used to cut them out, unless I am much
mistaken, is different." He raised the letter, and held it close
to his face, and next against the light of a lamp. "A scissors
here, for example, and there a small knife. And see, this
edge—a larger, blunter blade. And there, the trace of a
water-mark. And this one is very old. Observe the grain,
and how the ink has faded, a wonder it withstood the paste
—Hallo, this word is oddly spelled."
I peered more closely and saw that what had been
read as 'out' was in fact 'our.' "Some error," said Holmes,
"or else they could not find the proper word and substituted
this. Miss Caston, I trust you have kept the envelope."
"Here it is."
"What a pity! The postmark is smudged and
unreadable—from light snow or rain, perhaps."
"There had been sleet."
"But a cheap envelope, to coincide with the notepaper. The writing on the envelope is unfamiliar to you, or
you would have drawn some conclusion from it. No doubt it
is disguised. It looks malformed." He tossed the envelope
down and rounded on her like an uncoiling snake.
"Mr. Holmes—I assure you, I was no more than mildly
upset by this. People can be meddlesome and malicious."
"Do you think that you have enemies, Miss Caston?"
"None I could name. But then, I have been struck by
fortune. It is sometimes possible to form a strong passion

concerning another, only by reading of them say, in a
newspaper. I gained my good luck suddenly, and without
any merit on my part. Someone may be envious of me,
without ever having met me."
"I see your studies include the human mystery, Miss
Caston."
Her colour rose. One was not always certain with
Holmes, if he complimented or scorned. She said, rather
low, "Other things have occurred since this letter."
"Please list them."
She had gained all his attention, and now she did not
falter.
"After the sleet, there was snow in our part of the
country, for some days. In this snow, letters were written,
under the terrace yesterday. An E, an N and an R and a V.
No footsteps showed near them. This morning, I found, on
coming into my study, the number five written large, and in
red, on the wall. I sleep in an adjoining room and had heard
nothing. Conversely, the servants say the house is full of
rustlings and scratchings."
"And the white fox? Shall I assume it has been seen?"
"Oh, not by me, Mr. Holmes. But by my cook, yes, and
my footman, a sensible lad. He has seen it twice, I gather,
in the last week. I do not say any of this must be uncanny.
But it comes very near to me."
"Indeed it seems to."
"I might leave, but why should I? I have gone long years

with little or nothing, without a decent home, and now I have
things I value. It would appal me to live as did my aunt, in
flight each Christmas, and at length dying in such distress.
Meanwhile, the day after tomorrow will be Christmas Eve."

2
After Miss Caston had departed, Holmes sat a while in
meditation. It seemed our visitor wished to collect some
rare books, as now and then she did, from Lightlaws in
Great Orme Street. We were to meet her at Charing Cross
station and board the Kentish train together at six o'clock.
"Well, Watson," said Holmes at length, "let me have
your thoughts."
"It appears but too simple. Someone has taken
against her luck, as she guesses. They have discovered
the Caston legend and are attempting to frighten her away."
"Someone. But who is that someone?"
"As she speculated, it might be anyone."
"Come, Watson. It might, but probably things are not
so vague. This would seem a most definite grudge."
"Some person then who reckons the inheritance
should be theirs?"
"Perhaps."
"It has an eerie cast, nonetheless. The letters in the
snow: ENRV. That has a mediaeval sound which fits Sir

Hugh. The number five on the study wall. The fox."
"Pray do not omit the rustlings and scratchings."
I left him to cogitate.
Below, Mrs. Hudson was in some disarray. "Is Mr.
Holmes not to be here for the festive meal?"
"I fear he may not be. Nor I. We are bound for Kent."
"And I had bought a goose!"
Outside the night was raw, and smoky with the London
air. The snow had settled only somewhat, but more was
promised by the look of the sky.
On the platform, Miss Caston awaited us, her parcel of
books in her arm.
Holmes did not converse with us during the journey. He
brooded, and might have been alone in the carriage. I was
glad enough to talk to Miss Caston, who now seemed,
despite the circumstances, serene and not unhappy. She
spoke intelligently and amusingly, and I thought her
occasional informed references to the classics might have
interested Holmes, had he listened. Not once did she try to
break in upon his thoughts, and yet I sensed she derived
much of her resolution from his presence. I found her
altogether quite charming.
Her carriage was in readiness at Chislehurst station.
The drive to Crowby was a slow one, for here the snow had
long settled and begun to freeze, making the lanes
treacherous. How unlike the nights of London, the country

night through which we moved. The atmosphere was sharp
and glassy clear, and the stars blazed cold and white.
Presently we passed through an open gateway,
decorated with an ancient crest. Beyond, a short drive ran
between bare lime trees, to the house. It was evident the
manor-farm had lost, over the years, the greater part of its
grounds, although ample gardens remained, and a small
area of grazing. Old, powerful oaks, their bareness outlined
in white, skirted the building. This too had lost much of its
original character to a later restoration, and festoons of ivy.
Lights burned in tall windows at the front.
Miss Caston's small staff had done well. Fires and
lamps were lit. Upstairs, Holmes and I were conducted to
adjacent rooms, supplied with every comfort. The modern
wallpaper and gas lighting in the corridors did not dispel
the feeling of antiquity, for hilly floors and low ceilings
inclined one to remember the fifteenth century.
We descended to the dining room. Here seemed to be
the heart of the house. It was a broad, high chamber with
beams of carved oak, russet walls, and curtains of heavy
plush. Here and there hung something from another age, a
Saxon double-axe, swords, and several dim paintings in
gilded frames. A fire roared on the great hearth.
"Watson, leave your worship of the fire, and come out
on to the terrace."
Somewhat reluctantly I followed Holmes, who now flung
open the terrace doors and stalked forth into the winter

night.
We were at the back of the house. Defined by snow,
the gardens spread away to fields and pasture, darkly
blotted by woods.
"Not there, Watson. Look down. Do you see?"
Under the steps leading from the terrace—those very
steps on which the French Madame Caston had met her
death—the snow lay thick and scarcely disturbed. The light
of the room fell full there, upon four deeply incised letters:
ENRV.
As I gazed, Holmes was off down the stair, kneeling by
the letters and examining them closely.
"The snow has frozen hard and locked them in," I said.
But other marks caught my eye. "Look, there are
footsteps!"
"A woman's shoe. They will be Miss Caston's," said
Holmes. "She too, it seems, did as I do now."
"Of course. But that was brave of her."
"She is a forthright woman, Watson. And highly acute, I
believe."
Other than the scatter of woman's steps, the letters
themselves, nothing was to be seen.
"They might have dropped from the sky."
Holmes stood up. "Despite her valour, it was a pity she
walked about here. Some clue may have been defaced."
He looked out over the gardens, with their shrubs and small
trees, towards the wider landscape. "Watson, your silent

shivering disturbs me. Go back indoors."
Affronted, I returned to the dining room, and found Miss
Caston there, in a wine-red gown.
"They will serve dinner directly," she said. "Does Mr.
Holmes join us, or shall something be kept hot for him?"
"You must excuse Holmes, Miss Caston. The problem
always comes first. He is a creature of the mind."
"I know it, Doctor. Your excellent stories have
described him exactly. He is the High Priest of logic and all
pure, rational things. But also," she added, smiling,
"dangerous, partly unhuman, a leopard, with the brain
almost of a god."
I was taken aback. Yet, in the extreme colourfulness of
what she had said, I did seem to make out Sherlock
Holmes, both as I had portrayed him, and as I had seen him
to be. A being unique.
However, at that moment Holmes returned into the
room and Miss Caston moved away, casting at him only
one sidelong glance.
The dinner was excellent, ably served by one of Miss
Caston's two maids, and less well by the footman, Vine, a
surly boy of eighteen or so. Miss Caston had told us she
had dispensed with all the servants but these, a gardener
and the cook.
I noticed Holmes observed the maid and the boy
carefully. When they had left the room, he expressed the
wish to interview each of the servants in turn. Miss Caston

assured him all, save the gardener, who it seemed had
gone elsewhere for Christmas, should make themselves
available. The lady then left us, graciously, to our cigars.
"She is a fine and a most attractive woman," I said.
"Ah, Watson," said Holmes. He shook his head, half
smiling.
"At least grant her this, she has, from what she has
said, known a life less than perfect, yet she has a breeding
far beyond her former station. Her talk betrays intellect and
many accomplishments. But she is also womanly. She
deserves her good fortune. It suits her."
"Perhaps. But our mysterious grudge-bearer does not
agree with you." Then he held up his hand for silence.
From a nearby room, the crystal notes of a piano had
begun to issue. It seemed very much in keeping with the
lady that she should play so modestly apart, yet so
beautifully, and with such delicate expression. The piece
seemed transcribed from the works of Purcell, or Handel,
perhaps, at his most melancholy.
"Yes," I said, "indeed, she plays delightfully."
"Watson," Holmes hissed at me. "Not the piano.
Listen!"
Then I heard another sound, a dry sharp scratching,
like claws. It came, I thought, from the far side of the large
room, but then, startling me, it seemed to rise up into the air
itself. After that there was a sort of soft quick rushing, like a
fall of snow, but inside the house. We waited. All was quiet.

Even the piano had fallen still.
"What can it have been, Holmes?"
He got up, and crossed to the fireplace. He began to
walk about there, now and then tapping absently on the
marble mantle, and the wall.
"The chimney?" I asked. "A bird, perhaps."
"Well, it has stopped."
I too went to the fireplace. On the hearth's marble lintel,
upheld by two pillars, was the escutcheon I had glimpsed at
the gate.
"There it is, Holmes, on the shield. De Castone's fox!"

3
To my mind, Holmes had seemed almost leisurely so
far in his examination. He had not, for example, gone
upstairs at once to view the study wall. Now however, he
took his seat by the fire of the side parlour, and one by one,
the remaining servants entered.
First came the cook, a Mrs. Castle. She was a large
woman, neat and tidy, with a sad face which, I hazarded,
had once been merry.
"Now, Mrs. Castle. We must thank you for your
splendid dinner."
"Oh, Mr. Holmes," she said, "I am so glad that it was
enjoyed. I seldom have a chance to cook for more than

Miss Caston, who has only a little appetite."
"Perhaps the former Miss Caston ate more heartily."
"Indeed, sir, she did. She was a stout lady who took an
interest in her food."
"But I think you have other reasons to be uneasy."
"I have seen it!"
"You refer—?"
"The white fox. Last week, before the snow fell, I saw it,
shining like a ghost under the moon. I know the story of
wicked old Sir Hugh. It was often told in these parts. I grew
up in Chislehurst Village. The fox was said to be a legend,
but my brother saw just such a white fox, when he was a
boy."
"Did he indeed."
"Then there are those letters cut in the snow. And the
number upstairs, and all of us asleep—a five, done in red,
high upon the wall. The five days before Christmas, when
the lady is in peril. A horrible thing, Mr. Holmes, if a woman
may not live at her own property alone, but she must go in
fear of her life."
"After the death of your former employer, you take
these signs seriously."
"The first Miss Caston had never had a day's
indisposition until last Christmas. She always went away
just before that time. But last year her carriage stood ready
on the drive every day, and every day the poor old lady
would want to go down, but she was much too ill. Her poor

hands and feet were swollen, and she was so dizzy she
could scarce stand. Then, she was struck down, just as she
had always dreaded."
"And the fox?" Holmes asked her.
The cook blinked. She said, "Yes, that was strange."
"So you did not yourself see it, on that former tragic
occasion?"
"No, sir. No one did."
"But surely, Mrs. Castle, the present Miss Caston's
former maid, Lucy, saw the white fox in the fields at the time
of the elder lady's death?"
"Perhaps she did, sir. For it would have been about,"
Mrs. Castle replied ominously.
"Well, I must not keep you any longer, Mrs. Castle."
"No, sir. I need to see to my kitchen. Some cold cuts of
meat have been stolen from the larder, just as happened
before."
"Cold meat, you say?"
"I think someone has been in. Someone other than
should have been, sir. Twice I found the door to the yard
unlocked."
When she had left us, Holmes did not pause. He called
in the footman, Vine. The boy appeared nervous and
awkward as he had during dinner. From his mumblings, we
learned that he had seen the white fox, yesterday, but no
other alien thing.
"However, food has been stolen from the kitchen, has

it not?"
"So cook says," the boy answered sullenly.
"A gypsy, perhaps, or a vagrant."
"I saw no one. And in the snow, they would leave their
footprints."
"Well done. Yes, one would think so."
"I saw the letters dug out there," blurted the boy, "and
Miss Caston standing over them, with her hand to her
mouth. Look here, she says to me, who has written this?"
"And who had?"
The boy stared hard at Holmes. "You are a famous
gentleman, sir. And I am nothing. Do you suspect me?"
"Should I?"
Vine cried out, "I never did anything I should not have!
Not I. I wish I never had stayed here. I should have left when
Lucy did. Miss Caston was a hard mistress."
I frowned, but Holmes said, amiably, "Lucy. She was
obliged to care for her ailing mother, I believe."
Vine looked flustered, but he said, "The mistress never
mourned her aunt, the old woman. Mistress likes only her
books and piano, and her thoughts. I asked her leave to go
home for the Christmas afternoon. We live only a mile or so
distant, at Crowby. I should have been back by nightfall.
And she says to me, Oh no, Vine. I will have you here."
"It was your place to be here," I said, "at such a time.
You were then the only man in the house."

Holmes dismissed the boy.
I would have said more, but Holmes forestalled me.
Instead we saw the maid, Reynolds, who had waited at
dinner. She had nothing to tell us except that she had heard
recent noises in the house, but took them for mice. She had
been here in old Miss Caston's time, and believed the old
woman died of a bad heart, aggravated by superstitious
fear. Reynolds undertook to inform Holmes of this without
hesitation. She also presented me with a full, if untrained,
medical diagnosis, adding, "As a doctor, you will follow me,
I am sure, sir."
Lastly Nettie Prince came in, the successor to Lucy,
and now Miss Caston's personal maid. She had been at
the house only a few months.
Nettie was decorous and at ease, treating Holmes, I
thought, to his surprise, as some kind of elevated
policeman.
"Is your mistress fair to you?" Holmes asked her at
once.
"Yes, sir. Perfectly fair."
"You have no cause for complaint."
"None, sir. In my last employment the mistress had a
temper. But Miss Caston stays cool."
"You are not fond of her, then?"
Nettie Prince raised her eyes. "I do not ask to love her,
sir. Only to please her as best I can. She is appreciative of
what I do, in her own way."

"Do you believe the tales of a curse on the Caston
women?"
"I have heard stranger things."
"Have you."
"Miss Caston is not afraid of it, sir. I think besides she
would be the match for any man, thief or murderer—even a
ghost. Old Sir Hugh de Castone himself would have had to
be wary of her."
"Why do you say that?"
"She talks very little of her past, but she made her way
in the world with only her wits. She will not suffer a fool. And
she knows a great deal."
"Yet she has sent for me."
"Yes, sir." Nettie Prince looked down. "She spoke of
you, sir, and I understand you are a very important and
clever gentleman."
"And yet."
Nettie said, "I am amazed, sir, at her, wanting you in.
From all I know of Miss Caston, I would say she would sit up
with a pistol or a dagger in her lap, and face anything out—
alone!"
"Well, Watson," said Holmes, when we were once
more by ourselves in the parlour.
"That last girl, Nettie Prince, seems to have the right of
it. An admirable woman, Miss Caston, brave as a lioness."
"But also cold and selfish. Unsympathetic to and
intolerant of her inferiors. Does anything else strike you?"

"An oddity in names, Holmes."
Holmes glanced my way. "Pray enlighten me."
"The letters in the snow, ENRV. And here we have a
Nettie, a Reynolds and a Vine."
"The E?"
"Perhaps for Eleanor Caston herself."
"I see. And perhaps it strikes you too, Watson, the
similarity between the names Castle and Caston? Or
between Caston and Watson, each of which is almost an
anagram of the other, with only the C and the W being
different. Just as, for example, both your name and that of
our own paragon, Mrs. Hudson, end in S.O.N."
"Holmes!"
"No, Watson, my dear fellow, you are being too
complex. Think."
I thought, and shook my head.
"ENR," said Holmes, "I believe to be an abbreviation
of the one name, Eleanor, where the E begins, the N
centres, and the R finishes."
"But the V, Holmes."
"Not a V, Watson, a Roman five. A warning of the five
dangerous days, or that Miss Caston will be the fifth victim
of the Gall. Just as the number five is written in her study,
where I should now like to inspect it."
Miss Caston had not gone to bed. This was not to be
wondered at, yet she asked us nothing when she appeared

in the upper corridor, where now the gas burned low.
"The room is here," she said, and opened a door. "A
moment, while I light a lamp."
When she moved forward and struck the match, her
elegant figure was outlined on the light. As she raised the
lamp, a bright blue flash on the forefinger of her right hand
showed a ring. It was a square cut gem, which I took at first
for a pale sapphire.
"There, Mr. Holmes, Doctor. Do you see?"
The number was written in red, and quite large, above
the height of a man, on the old plaster of the wall which, in
most other areas, was hidden by shelves of books.
"Quite so." Holmes went forward, looked about, and
took hold of a librarian's steps, kept no doubt so that Miss
Caston could reach the higher book shelves. Standing up
on the steps, Holmes craned close, and inspected the
number. "Would you bring the lamp nearer. Thank you.
Why, Miss Caston, what an exquisite ring."
"Yes, it is. It was my aunt's and too big for me, but in
London today it was made to fit. A blue topaz. I am often
fascinated, Mr. Holmes, by those things which are
reckoned to be one thing, but are, in reality, another."
"Where are you, Watson?" asked Holmes. I duly
approached. "Look at this number." I obeyed. The five was
very carefully drawn, I thought, despite its size, yet in some
places the edges had run, giving it a thorny, bloody look.
Holmes said no more, however, and descended from the

steps.
"Is it paint, Holmes?"
"Ink, I believe."
Miss Caston assented. She pointed to a bottle
standing on her desk, among the books and papers there.
"My own ink. And the instrument too—this paper knife."
"Yes. The stain is still on it. And here is another stain,
on the blotting paper, where it was laid down."
Holmes crossed the room, and pulled aside one of the
velvet curtains. Outside the night had again given way to
snow. Opening the window, he leaned forth into the
fluttering darkness. "The ivy is torn somewhat on the wall."
He leaned out yet further. Snow fell past him, and dappled
the floor. "But, curiously, not further down." He now craned
upwards and the lamplight caught his face, hard as ivory,
the eyes gleaming. "It is possible the intruder came down
from the roof rather than up from the garden below. The
bough of a tree almost touches the leads just there. But it is
very thin."
"The man must be an acrobat," I exclaimed.
Holmes drew back into the room. He said, "Or
admirably bold."
Miss Caston seemed pale. She stared at the window
until the curtain was closed again. The room was very
silent, so that the ticking of a clock on the mantle seemed
loud.
Holmes spoke abruptly. "And now to bed. Tomorrow,

Miss Caston, there will be much to do."
Her face to me seemed suddenly desolate. As Holmes
walked from the room, I said to her, "Rest as well as you
can, Miss Caston. You are in the best of hands."
"I know it, Doctor. Tomorrow, then."

4
The next morning, directly after breakfast, Holmes
dispatched me to investigate the hamlet of Crowby. I had
not seen Miss Caston; it seemed she was a late riser.
Holmes, abroad unusually early, meanwhile wished to look
at the bedchamber of the deceased elder Miss Caston. He
later reported this was ornate but ordinary, equipped with
swagged curtains and a bell-rope by the fire.
As I set out, not, I admit, in the best of humours, I noted
that the sinister letters and the Roman number five had
been obliterated from the ground below the terrace by a
night's snow.
Elsewhere the heavy fall had settled, but not frozen,
and in fact I had a pleasing and bracing walk. Among the
beech coppices I spied pheasant, and on the holly, red
berries gleamed.
Crowby was a sleepy spot, comprising two or three
scattered clusters of houses, some quite fine, a lane or two,
and an old ruin of a tower, where birds were nesting. There

was neither a church nor an inn, the only public facility being
a stone trough for the convenience of horses.
Vine's people lived in a small place nearby, but since
Holmes had not suggested I look for it, or accost them, I
went round the lanes and returned.
My spirits were quite high from the refreshing air, by
the time I came back among the fields. Keeping to the
footpath, I looked all about. It was a peaceful winter scene,
with nothing abnormal or alarming in it.
When I came in sight of the house, I had the same
impression. The building looked gracious, set in the white
of the snow, the chimneys smoking splendidly.
Indoors, I found Vine, Reynolds and Nettie engaged in
decorating the dining room with fresh-cut holly, while a tree
stood ready to be dressed.
Holmes and Miss Caston were in the side parlour and I
hesitated a moment before entering. A fire blazed on the
parlour hearth, and a coffee pot steamed on the table.
Holmes was speaking of a former case, affably and at
some length. The lady sat rapt, now and then asking a
sensible question.
Seeing me, however, Holmes got up and led me in.
"I have been regaling Miss Caston with an old history
of ours, Watson. It turns out she has never read your
account of it, though nothing else seems to have escaped
her."
We passed an enjoyable couple of hours before

luncheon. I thought I had seldom seen Holmes so unlike
himself in company, so relaxed and amenable. Miss
Caston cast a powerful spell, if even he was subject to it.
But presently, when he and I were alone, he changed his
face at once, like a mask.
"Watson, I believe this interesting house is no less than
a rat-trap, and we are all the rats in it."
"For God's sake, Holmes, what do you mean?"
"A plot is afoot," he said, "we must on no account
show full knowledge of."
"Then she is in great danger?" I asked.
He glanced at me and said, coldly, "Oh, yes, my dear
Watson. I do believe she is. We are dealing with high
villainy here. Be on guard. Be ready. For now, I can tell you
nothing else. Except that I have looked at the elder Miss
Caston's papers myself, and made an obvious discovery."
"Which is?"
"The warning or threatening letter which was sent my
client had all its words cut from various correspondence
kept here. I have traced every word, save one. No doubt I
would find that if I persisted. They were part of bills and
letters, one of which was written in the early seventeenth
century. Our enemy effaced them without a care. One other
incidental. The footman, Vine, resents the dismissal of his
sweetheart, Lucy, who was Miss Caston's former maid."
"His sweetheart?"
"Yes, Watson. You will remember how Vine spoke of

his employer, saying that she was a hard mistress."
"But surely that was because she would not let him go
off for Christmas."
"That too, no doubt. But when he mentioned her
hardness, it was in the past tense, and in the same breath
as Lucy's dismissal. He declared he 'should have left when
Lucy did.'"
"She was not dismissed, Holmes. She went of her own
accord."
"No. During our morning's friendly conversation, I put it
to Miss Caston that she had perhaps sent Lucy away due
to some misconduct with Vine. Our client did not attempt to
deceive me on this. She said at once there had been
trouble of that sort."
"That then furnishes Vine and Lucy with a strong
reason for malice."
"Perhaps it does."
"Did she say why she had not told you this before?"
"Miss Caston said she herself did not think either Lucy
or Vine had the wit for a game of this sort. Besides, she
had not wanted to blacken the girl's character. Indeed, I
understand she gave Lucy an excellent reference. Miss
Caston expressed to me the opinion that Lucy had only
been foolish and too ardent in love. She would be perfectly
useful in another household."
"This is all very like her. She is a generous and
intelligent woman."

Reynolds alone attended to us at lunch. The hall was
by now nicely decked with boughs of holly. Miss Caston
announced she would dress the tree herself in the
afternoon. This she did, assisted by myself. Holmes
moodily went off about his investigations.
My conversation with her was light. I felt I should do my
part and try to cheer her, and she seemed glad to put dark
thoughts aside. By the time tea was served, the tree had
been hung with small gold and silver baubles, and the
candles were in place. Miss Caston lit them just before
dinner. It was a pretty sight.
That night too, Mrs. Castle had excelled. We dined
royally on pheasant, with two or three ancient and dusty
bottles to add zest.
Later, when Miss Caston made to leave us, Holmes
asked her to remain.
"Then, I will, Mr. Holmes, but please do smoke. I have
no objection to cigars. I like their smell. I think many women
are of my mind, and sorry to be excluded."
The servants had withdrawn, Vine too, having noisily
seen to the fire. The candles on the tree glittered. Nothing
seemed further from this old, comfortable, festive room than
our task.
"Miss Caston," said Holmes, regarding her keenly
through the blue smoke, "the time has come when we must
talk most gravely."
She took up her glass, and sipped the wine, through

which the firelight shone in a crimson dart. "You find me
attentive, Mr. Holmes."
"Then I will say at once what I think you know. The
author of these quaint events is probably in this house."
She looked at him. "You say that I know this?"
"Were you not suspicious of it?"
"You are not intending to say that after all I believe Sir
Hugh de Castone haunts me?"
"Hardly, Miss Caston."
"Then whom must I suspect? My poor servants? The
affair with Lucy was nothing. She was too passionate and
not clever enough. Vine was a dunce. They were better
parted."
"Aside from your servants, some other may be at work
here."
Just at that moment the most astonishing and unearthly
screech burst through the chamber. It was loud and close
and seemed to rock the very table. Holmes started violently
and I sprang to my feet. Miss Caston gave a cry and the
glass almost dropped from her hand. The shriek then came
again, yet louder and more terribly. The hair rose on my
head. I looked wildly about, and even as I did so, a
scratching and scrabbling, incorporeal yet insistent, rushed
as it seemed through thin air itself, ascending until high
above our heads in the beamed ceiling, where it ended.
I stood transfixed, until I heard Holmes's rare dry
laughter.

"Well, Watson, and have you never heard such a
noise?"
Miss Caston in her turn also suddenly began laughing,
although she seemed quite shaken.
"A fox, Watson. It was a fox."
"But in God's name, Holmes—it seemed to go up
through the air—"
"Through the wall, no doubt, and up into the roof."
I sat and poured myself another glass of brandy.
Holmes, as almost always, was quite right. A fox has an
uncanny, ghastly cry, well known to country dwellers. "But
then the creature exists?"
"Why not?" said Holmes. "White foxes sometimes
occur hereabouts, so we have learnt from Mrs. Castle, and
from Derwent's book. Besides, in this case, someone has
made sure a white fox is present. Before we left London, I
made an inquiry of Messrs Samps and Brown, the
eccentric furriers in Kempton Street, who deal in such
rarities. They advised me that a live albino fox had been
purchased through them, a few months ago."
"By whom?" I asked.
"By a man who was clearly the agent of another, a
curious gentleman, very much muffled up and, alas, so far
untraceable." Holmes looked directly at Miss Caston. "I
think you can never have read all the papers which your
aunt left you. Or you would be aware of three secret
passages which run through this house. None is very wide

or high, but they were intended to conceal men at times of
religious or political unrest, and are not impassable."
"Mr. Holmes, I have said, I never bothered much with
the papers. Do you mean that someone is hiding—in my
very walls?"
"Certainly the white fox has made its earth there. No
doubt encouraged to do so by a trail of meat stolen from
the larder."
"What is this persecutor's aim?" she demanded
fiercely. "To frighten me away?"
"Rather more than that, I think," said Holmes,
laconically.
"And there is a man involved?"
"It would seem so, Miss Caston, would you not say?"
She rose and moved slowly to the hearth. There she
stood in graceful profile, gazing at the shield above the
fireplace.
"Am I," she said at last, "surrounded by enemies?"
"No, Miss Caston," I replied. "We are here."
"What should I do?"
Holmes said, "Perhaps you should think very clearly,
Miss Caston, delve into the library of your mind, and see
what can be found there."
"Then I will." She faced him. She was not beseeching,
more proud. "But you mean to save me, Mr. Holmes?"
He showed no expression. His eyes had turned black

as two jets in the lamplight. "I will save whomever I can,
Miss Caston, that deserves it. But never rate me too highly.
I am not infallible."
She averted her head suddenly, as if at a light blow.
"But you are one of the greatest men living."
So saying, and without bidding us good night, she
gathered her skirts and left the room. Holmes got up, and
walked to the fire, into which he cast the butt of his cigar.
"Watson, did you bring your revolver?"
"Of course I did."
"That is just as well."
"Tomorrow is Christmas Eve," I said, "according to the
story, the last day of the Gall."
"Hmm." He knocked lightly on the wall, producing a
hollow note. "One of the passages runs behind this wall,
Watson, and up into the attics, I am sure. The other two I
have not yet been able to locate, since the plans are old
and hardly to be deciphered. Just like the postmark on the
letter sent to Miss Caston. Did you notice, by the by,
Watson, that although the envelope had been wetted and
so conveniently smudged, no moisture penetrated to the
letter itself?"
I too tossed my cigar butt into the flames.
"Fires have the look of Hell, do you think, Watson? Is
Hell cheerful after all, for the malign ones cast down there?"
"You seem depressed. And you spoke to her as if the
case might be beyond you."

"Did I, old man? Well, there must be one or two
matches I lose. I am not, as I said, infallible."
Leaving me amazed, he vacated the room, and soon
after I followed him. In my well-appointed bedchamber, I fell
into a restless sleep, and woke with first light, uneasy and
perplexed.

5
I now acknowledged that Holmes was keeping back
from me several elements of the puzzle he was grappling
with. This was not the first occasion when he had done so,
nor would it be the last. Though I felt the exclusion sharply, I
knew he would have reasons for it, which seemed wise to
him, at least.
However, I checked my revolver before breakfast.
Going downstairs, I found I would eat my toast and drink my
coffee alone. Miss Caston, as yesterday, was above, and
Holmes had gone off, Vine grudgingly told me, on his own
errands.
I amused myself as I could, examining the old swords,
and finding a distinct lack of newspapers, tried the books in
the library. They proved too heavy for my present scope of
concentration.
About noon, Holmes returned, shaking the snow off his
coat and hat. A blizzard was blowing up, the white flakes

whirling, hiding the lawns, trees and fields beyond the
windows. We went into the dining room.
"Read this," said Holmes, thrusting a telegram into my
hands. I read it. It came from the firm of Samps and Brown,
Furriers to the Discerning. A white fox had been purchased
through their auspices on 15th October, and delivered to
the care of a Mr. Smith.
"But Holmes, this was the very information you relayed
last night."
"Just so. It was the information I expected to get today.
But the telegram was kept for me at Chislehurst Village."
"Then why—"
"I gambled for once on its being a fact. I dearly wanted
to see how Miss Caston would take it."
"It frightened her, Holmes, I have no doubt. What
else?"
"Oh, did it frighten her? She kept a cool head."
"She is brave and self-possessed."
"She is a schemer."
He shocked me. I took a moment to find words. "Why
on earth do you say so?"
"Watson, I despair of you. A lady's charms can disarm
you utterly. And she well knows that, I think."
"She speaks more highly of you," I angrily asserted.
"I am sure that she does, which is also a way of
disarming you, my dear fellow. Sit down, and listen to me.

No, not there, this chair, I suggest, away from the fire."
I obeyed him. "You believe someone listens in the
secret passage behind the wall there?"
"I think it possible. But this is a peculiar business and
certainly its heroine has got me into a mode of distrust."
We sat down, and Holmes began to talk: "Miss Caston
came to us, Watson, well-versed in all your tales of my
work, inaccurate and embellished as they are. She brought
with her the legend of the Caston Gall, which legend seems
to be real enough, in as much as it exists in Derwent and
elsewhere. Four Caston women, widows or spinsters, have
apparently died here on one of the five days before
Christmas. But the causes of Miss Caston's recent alarm—
the writing in the snow, the number on the wall, the warning
letter, the white fox—all these things have been achieved, I
now suppose, by the lady herself."
"You will tell me how."
"I will. She had easy access to the letters and
documents of her aunt, and herself cut out the words, using
different implements, and pasting them on a sheet of cheap
paper which may be come on almost anywhere. She was
impatient, it is true, and used the word 'our' where 'out'
eluded her. In her impatience, too, she hired some low
person of no imagination to procure the fox and bring it
here—Mr. Smith, indeed. Then she herself took cold meat
from the larder to lure the animal to a tenancy inside the
passageway, where it has since been heard scratching and

running about. The door of the kitchen was found—not
forced, nor tampered with, I have checked—but unlocked,
twice. And if unlocked from the outside, why not from the
inside? Again, her impatience perhaps, led her to this
casualness. She would have done better to have left some
sign of more criminal work, but then again, she may have
hoped it would be put down to the carelessness of her staff.
The letters in the snow she scratched there herself, then
stood over them exclaiming. Hence her footsteps mark the
snow, but no others. The abbreviation of her name and the
use of the Roman five are not uningenious, I will admit—she
has been somewhat heavy-handed elsewhere. In the study,
she herself wrote the number five upon the wall. Standing
on the librarian's steps, I had to lean down some way, the
exact distance needed for a woman of her height, on those
same steps, to form the number. You noticed the five,
though drawn carefully, was also three times abruptly
smeared, particularly on the lower curve. This was where
her blue topaz ring, which at that time did not properly fit
her, slipped down and pulled the ink, just as it had on her
note to me. The ivy she herself disarranged from the
window, with an almost insolent lack of conviction."
"Holmes, it seems to me that this once you assume a
great deal too much—"
"At Baker Street I watched her in the window as she
looked at me. My back was turned to her, and in her
obvious unease, she forgot I might see her lamplit reflection
on the night outside. Her face, Watson, was as predatory

as that of any hawk. I fancied then she was not to be
trusted. And there is too much that fits my notion."
"When the fox screamed, I thought she would faint."
"It is a frightful cry, and she had not anticipated it. That
one moment was quite genuine."
"Vine," I said, "and Lucy."
"I have not decided on their role in this, save that the
boy is obviously disgruntled and the girl maybe was not
sensible. As for the letter Lucy is said to have written to
Miss Caston, that first warning which so unfortunately was
thrown away, being thought at the time of no importance—it
never existed. Why should Lucy, dismissed from her
employment and her lover, desire to warn the inventor of
her loss?"
"Perhaps Lucy meant to frighten her."
"An interesting deduction, Watson, on which I
congratulate you. However, you must look at the other side
of the coin. If the inventor of Lucy's loss received a sinister
warning from her, would she too not conclude it was an
attempt to frighten?"
"Very well. But the deaths, Holmes. I too have read
Derwent. The elder Miss Caston undeniably died here. The
other three women certainly seem to have done."
"There is such a thing as coincidence, Watson.
Mistress Hannah Castone choked on a chicken bone. The
French lady slipped on the icy stair. Maria Caston was shot
by a spurned and vengeful suitor. The aunt was apoplectic

and terrified out of her wits by having to remain in the house
at Christmas. You as a doctor will easily see the possibility
of death in such a situation."
"She had left her bed and lay by the fireplace."
"In her agony, and finding herself alone, she struggled
to reach the bell-rope and so summon help."
"And the bell-rope is by the fire."
"Phenomenal, Watson."
"By God, Holmes, for once I wish you might be in
error."
"I seldom am in error. Think of our subject, Watson.
She has come from a miserable life, which has toughened
her almost into steel, to a great fortune. Now she thinks she
may have anything she wants, and do as she wishes. She
flies in the face of convention, as exemplified in her refusal
to wear mourning for the old lady. She prefers, now she can
afford better, an inferior writing-paper she likes—a little
thing, but how stubborn, how wilful. And she has got us here
by dint of her wiles and her lies."
"Then in God's name why?"
"Of that I have no definite idea. But she is in the grip of
someone, we may be sure of it. Some powerful man who
bears me a grudge. He has a honed and evil cast of mind,
and works her strings like a master of marionettes. Certain
women, and often the more strong among their sex, are
made slaves by the man who can subdue them. And now,
old chap, I shall be delighted to see you later."

I was so downcast and irascible after our talk, I went up
to my room, where I wrote out the facts of the case up to
that point. These notes have assisted me now, in putting
the story together at last.
When I went down to lunch, I found Holmes once more
absent, and Miss Caston also. She sent me her
compliments by Nettie, who said her mistress was suffering
from a cruel headache to which she was prone. Naturally I
asked if I could be of any help. I was rather relieved, things
standing as now they did, when Nettie thanked me and
declined.
Vine waited on me at lunch, in a slapdash manner.
Afterwards I played Patience in the side parlour, and was
soundly beaten, as it were, nothing coming out. Beyond the
long windows which ran to the floor, as they did in the dining
room, the snow swirled on with a leaden feverishness.
Finally I went upstairs again to dress for dinner. I had
on me, I remember, that sensation I experienced in my
army days when an action was delayed. Some great battle
was imminent, but the facts of it obscured. I could only curb
my fretfulness and wait, trusting to my commander,
Sherlock Holmes.
Outside, night had thickened, and the snow still fell.
Dressed, I kept my revolver by me. Tonight was the fifth
night of the Caston curse, and despite Holmes's words,
perhaps because of them, I still feared not only for my
friend, but for Eleanor Caston.

As I went down the corridor, for some reason I paused
to look out again, through a window there. Before me on the
pale ground I saw something run glimmering, like a
phantom. Despite what we had learned, I drew back,
startled. It was the Caston fox, pure white, its eyes flashing
green in the light of the windows.
"Yes, sir. The beast exists."
I turned, and there stood the footman, Vine. He was
clad, not in his uniform, but in a decent farmer's best, and
looked in it both older and more sober.
"The fox is not a myth," I said.
"No, sir."
"Why are you dressed in that way?"
"I am going home. I have given her my notice. I have no
mind to stay longer. I will take up my life on the land, as I
was meant to. There is a living to be made there, without
bowing and scraping. And when I have enough put by, I
shall bring Lucy home, and marry her."
From a bad-tempered boy he had become a man, I
saw. My instinct was to respect him, but I said, "And what of
your mistress, Miss Caston?"
"She may do as she pleases. There was love, but
nothing improper between Lucy and me. That was her
excuse. Miss Caston threw Lucy out on account of her
reading—and I will say it now, on account of you, sir, and
Mr. Holmes."
Dumbfounded, I asked what he meant.

"Why, sir, when Miss Caston came here, she would
rather have read the coal-scuttle than anything of yours."
"Indeed."
"Any popular story was beneath her. She likes the
Greek philosophers and all such. But when she had her
headaches, Lucy read to her, and one day it was a tale of
yours, sir, concerning Mr. Holmes. And after that, Lucy read
others, since Miss Caston asked for them."
My vanity was touched, I confess. But there was more
to this than my vanity.
"She made a regular study of Mr. Holmes, through your
tales, Doctor. And then, this last September, she said Lucy
must go, as her conduct with me was unseemly, which it
never was. Even so, she gave my girl a fine reference, and
Lucy has work now in a house better than this one."
I was searching in my mind for what to say, when the
lad gave me a nod, and walked away. There was a
travelling bag in his hand.
"But the weather, the snow," I said.
"This is a cold house," said he. "Snow is nothing to
that." And he was gone.
Downstairs, I found Holmes, as I had hoped to. He
stood by the dining room hearth, drinking a whisky and
soda.
"Well, Watson, some insight has come your way."
"How do you know?"
"Merely look in a mirror. Something has fired you up."

We drew back from the hearth, mindful of a listener in
the secret place behind it, and I told him what Vine had
said.
"Ah, yes," said Holmes. "She has studied me. This
confirms what I suspected. I think you see it too, do you
not?"
"It is very strange."
"But the man who is her master, despite all my efforts,
with which I will not tax you, he eludes me. What is his
purpose? His name? It is a long way round to come at me."
Just then, Eleanor Caston entered the room. She wore
a gown the dark colour of the green holly, which displayed
her milk-white shoulders. Her burnished hair was worn
partly loose. Seldom have I seen so fetching a woman.
Our dinner was an oddity. Only Reynolds waited on us,
but efficiently. No one spoke of the affair at hand, as if it did
not exist and we were simply there to celebrate the season.
Then Miss Caston said, "At midnight, all this will be
over. I shall be safe, then, surely. I do believe your
presence, Mr. Holmes, has driven the danger off. I will be
forever in your debt."
Holmes had talked during the meal with wit and
energy. When he set himself to charm, which was not often,
there was none better. Now he lit a cigarette, and said,
"The danger is not at all far off, Miss Caston. Notice the
clock. It lacks only half an hour to midnight. Now we
approach the summit, and the peril is more close than it

has ever been."
She stared at him, very pale, her bright eyes wide.
"What then?" she asked.
"Watson," said Holmes, "be so kind, old man, as to
excuse us. Miss Caston and I will retire into the parlour
there. It is necessary I speak to her alone. Will you remain
here, in the outer room, and stay alert?"
I was at once full of apprehension. Nevertheless I rose
without argument, as they left the table. Eleanor Caston
seemed to me in those moments almost like a woman
gliding in a trance. She and Holmes moved into the parlour,
and the door was shut. I took my stance by the fireplace of
the dining room.
How slowly those minutes ticked by. Never before, or
since, I think, have I observed both hands of a clock
moving. Through a gap in the curtains, snow and black
night blew violently about together. A log settled, and I
started. There was no other sound. Yet then I heard Miss
Caston laugh. She had a pretty laugh, musical as her piano.
There after, the silence came again.
I began to pace about. Holmes had given me no
indication whether I should listen at the door, or what I
should do. Now and then I touched the revolver in my
pocket.
At last, the hands of the clock closed upon midnight. At
this hour, the curse of the Gall, real or imagined, was said
to end.

Taking up my glass, I drained it. The next second I
heard Miss Caston give a wild shrill cry, followed by a bang,
and a crash like that of a breaking vase.
I ran to the parlour door and flung it open. I met a scene
that checked me.
The long doors stood wide on the terrace and the night
and in at them blew the wild snow, flurrying down upon the
carpet. Only Eleanor Caston was in the room. She lay
across the sofa, her hair streaming, her face as white as
porcelain, still as a waxwork.
I crossed to her, my feet crunching on glass that had
scattered from a broken pane of the windows. I thought to
find her dead, but as I reached her, she stirred and opened
her eyes.
"Miss Caston—what has happened? Are you hurt?"
"Yes," she said, "wounded mortally."
There was no mark on her, however, and now she
gave me an awful smile. "He is out there."
"Who is? Where is Holmes?"
She sank back again and shut her eyes. "On the
terrace. Or in the garden. Gone."
I went at once to the windows, taking out the revolver
as I did so. Even through the movement of the snow, I saw
Holmes at once, at the far end of the terrace, lit up by the
lighted windows of the house. He was quite alone. I called
to him, and at my voice he turned, glancing at me, shaking
his head, and holding up one hand to bar me from the night.

He too appeared unharmed and his order to remain where I
was seemed very clear.
Going back into the dining room I fetched a glass of
brandy. Miss Caston had sat up, and took it from me on my
return.
"How chivalrous you always are, Doctor."
Her pulse was strong, although not steady. I hesitated
to increase her distress but the circumstances brooked no
delay. "Miss Caston, what has gone on here?"
"Oh, I have gambled and lost. Shall I tell you? Pray sit
down. Close the window if you wish. He will not return this
way."
Unwillingly I did as she said, and noted Holmes had
now vanished, presumably into the icy garden below.
"Well then, Miss Caston."
She smiled again that sorry smile, and began to
speak.
"All my life I have had nothing, but then my luck
changed. It was as if Fate took me by the hand, and
anything I had ever wanted might at last be mine. I have
always been alone. I had no parents, no friends. I do not
care for people much, they are generally so stupid. And
then, Lucy, my maid read me your stories, Doctor, of the
wonderful Mr. Holmes. Oh, I was not struck by your great
literary ability. My intimates have been Dante and
Sophocles, Milton, Aristotle and Erasmus. I am sure you do
not aspire to compete with them. But Holmes, of course—

ah, there. His genius shines through your pages like a great
white light from an obscure lantern. At first I thought you had
invented this marvellous being, this man of so many parts:
chemist, athlete, actor, detective, deceiver—the most
effulgent mind this century has known. So ignorant I was.
But little Lucy told me that Sherlock Holmes was quite real.
She even knew of his address, 221B Baker Street,
London."
Miss Caston gazed into her thoughts and I watched
her, prepared at any moment for a relapse, for she was so
blanched, and she trembled visibly.
"From your stories, I have learned that Holmes is
attracted by anything which engages his full interest. That
he honours a mind which can duel with his own. And here
you have it all, Doctor. I had before me in the legend of this
house, the precise means to offer him just such a plot as
many of your tales describe—the Caston Gall, which of
course is a farrago of anecdote, coincidence and
superstition. I had had nothing, but now I had been given so
much, why should I not try for everything?"
"You are saying you thought that Holmes—"
"I am saying I wanted the esteem and friendship of Mr.
Sherlock Holmes, that especial friendship and esteem
which any woman hopes for, from the man she has come to
reverence above all others."
"In God's name, Miss Caston! Holmes!"
"Oh, you have written often enough of his coldness, his

arrogance, and his dislike of my sex. But then, what are
women as a rule but silly witless creatures, geese done up
in ribbons. I have a mind. I sought to show him. I knew he
would solve my riddle in the end, and so he did. I thought he
would laugh and shake my hand."
"He believed you in the toils of some villain, a man
ruthless and powerful."
"As if no woman could ever connive for herself. He told
me what he thought. I convinced him of the truth, and that I
worked only for myself, but never to harm him. I wanted
simply to render him some sport."
"Miss Caston," I said, aghast, "you will have angered
him beyond reason."
Her form drooped. She shut her eyes once more. "Yes,
you are quite right. I have enraged him. Never have I seen
such pitiless fury in a face. It was as if he struck me with a
lash of steel. I was mistaken, and have lost everything."
Agitated as I was, I tried to make her sip the brandy
but she only held it listlessly in one hand, and stood up,
leaning by the fireplace.
"I sent Lucy away because she began, I thought, to
suspect my passion. There has been nothing but ill-will
round me since then. You see, I am becoming as
superstitious as the rest. I should like to beg you to
intercede for me—but I know it to be useless."
"I will attempt to explain to him, when he is calmer, that
you meant no annoyance. That you mistakenly thought to

amuse him."
As I faltered, she rounded on me, her eyes flaming.
"You think you are worthy of him, Watson? The only friend
he will tolerate. What I would have offered him! My
knowledge, such as it is, my ability to work, which is
marvellous. All my funds. My love, which I have never given
any other. In return I would have asked little. Not marriage,
not one touch of his hand. I would have lain down and let
him walk upon me if it would have given him ease."
She raised her glass suddenly and threw it on the
hearth. It broke in sparkling pieces.
"There is my heart," said she. "Good night, Doctor."
And with no more than that, she went from the room.
I never saw her again. In the morning when we left that
benighted house, she sent down no word. Her carriage
took us to Chislehurst, from where we made a difficult
Christmas journey back to London. Holmes's mood was
beyond me, and I kept silent as we travelled. He was like
one frozen, but to my relief his health seemed sound. On
our return, I left him alone as much as I could. Nor did I quiz
him on what he did, or what means he used to allay his
bitterness and inevitable rage. It was plain to me the
episode had been infinitely horrible to him. He was so finely
attuned. Another would not have felt it so. She had outraged
his very spirit. Worse, she had trespassed.
Not until the coming of a new year did he refer to the

matter, and then only once. "The Caston woman, Watson. I
am grateful to you for your tact."
"It was unfortunate."
"You suppose her deranged and vulgar, and that I am
affronted at having been duped."
"No, Holmes. I should never put it in that way. And she
was but too plausible."
"There are serpents among the apples, Watson," was
all he said. And turning from me, he struck out two or three
discordant notes on his violin, then put it from him and
strode into the other room.
We have not discussed it since, the case of the
Caston Gall.
A year later, this morning, which is once more the day
of Christmas Eve, I noted a small item in the paper. A Miss
Eleanor Rose Caston died yesterday, at her house near
Chislehurst. It is so far understood she had accidentally
taken too much of an opiate prescribed to her for
debilitating headaches. She passed in her sleep, and left
no family nor any heirs. She was twenty-six years of age.
Whether Holmes, who takes an interest in all notices of
death, has seen this sad little obituary, I do not know. He
has said nothing. For myself, I feel a deep regret for her. If
we were all to be punished for our foolishness, as I believe
Hamlet says, who should 'scape whipping? Although crime
is often solvable, there can be no greater mystery than that
of the human heart.

This story is respectfully dedicated to the
memory of the late, unique Jeremy Brett, a fine actor,
and a definitive Sherlock Holmes.
—Tanith Lee

A Study in Emerald
by Neil Gaiman
Neil Gaiman's most recent novel, The Graveyard
Book, won the prestigious Newbery Medal, given to
great works of children's literature. Other books
include American Gods, Coraline, and Anansi Boys,
among many others. In addition to his novel-writing,
Gaiman is also the writer of the popular Sandman
comic book series, and has done work in television
and film. His novels Coraline and Stardust were
recently made into feature films.
A central character in Lovecraft's fictional world is the
evil extraterrestrial god Cthulhu, described most fully in
the story "The Call of Cthulhu." Cthulhu, octopusheaded and dragon-winged, was imprisoned on Earth
long ago in the underwater city R'lyeh, where he exists
in a state of undeath, transmitting his otherworldly
dreams to certain psychically sensitive individuals,
some of whom have sworn to serve him when the stars
are right and Cthulhu rises to conquer the world. In
Lovecraft's fiction, such a cataclysmic event always
lies in our future, but this next story presents an
alternate reality in which such monsters have

dominated humanity for centuries. This version of
England saw not a Norman conquest but a
Lovecraftian one, and these strange creatures have
established themselves as monarchs around the
globe. Conan Doyle's first Sherlock Holmes adventure
was called A Study in Scarlet, in reference to a bloody
murder. The title "A Study in Emerald" also refers to a
bloody murder, albeit one involving an entirely different
sort of victim and an entirely different sort of blood.
This is a world darker and stranger than our own, and
this is a case that will pose quite a challenge to a
certain detective and his loyal sidekick.

1. THE NEW FRIEND
Fresh From Their Stupendous European Tour, where
they performed before several of the CROWNED
HEADS OF EUROPE, garnering their plaudits and
praise with magnificent dramatic performances,
combining both COMEDY and TRAGEDY, the Strand
Players wish to make it known that they shall be
appearing at the Royal Court Theatre, Drury Lane, for
a LIMITED ENGAGEMENT in April, at which they will
present "My Look-Alike Brother Tom!" "The Littlest
Violet-Seller" and "The Great Old Ones Come," (this
last an Historical Epic of Pageantry and Delight); each
an entire play in one act! Tickets are available now

from the Box Office.
It is the immensity, I believe. The hugeness of things
below. The darkness of dreams.
But I am wool-gathering. Forgive me. I am not a literary
man.
I had been in need of lodgings. That was how I met
him. I wanted someone to share the cost of rooms with me.
We were introduced by a mutual acquaintance, in the
chemical laboratories of St. Bart's. "You have been in
Afghanistan, I perceive"; that was what he said to me, and
my mouth fell open and my eyes opened very wide.
"Astonishing," I said.
"Not really," said the stranger in the white lab coat who
was to become my friend. "From the way you hold your
arm, I see you have been wounded, and in a particular way.
You have a deep tan. You also have a military bearing, and
there are few enough places in the Empire that a military
man can be both tanned and, given the nature of the injury
to your shoulder and the traditions of the Afghan cave folk,
tortured."
Put like that, of course, it was absurdly simple. But
then, it always was. I had been tanned nut brown. And I had
indeed, as he had observed, been tortured.
The gods and men of Afghanistan were savages,
unwilling to be ruled from Whitehall or from Berlin or even

from Moscow, and unprepared to see reason. I had been
sent into those hills, attached to the—th Regiment. As long
as the fighting remained in the hills and mountains, we
fought on an equal footing. When the skirmishes
descended into the caves and the darkness, then we found
ourselves, as it were, out of our depth and in over our
heads.
I shall not forget the mirrored surface of the
underground lake, nor the thing that emerged from the lake,
its eyes opening and closing, and the singing whispers that
accompanied it as it rose, wreathing their way about it like
the buzzing of flies bigger than worlds.
That I survived was a miracle, but survive I did, and I
returned to England with my nerves in shreds and tatters.
The place that leechlike mouth had touched me was
tattooed forever, frog white, into the skin of my nowwithered shoulder. I had once been a crack shot. Now I had
nothing, save a fear of the world-beneath-the-world akin to
panic, which meant that I would gladly pay sixpence of my
army pension for a hansom cab rather than a penny to
travel underground.
Still, the fogs and darknesses of London comforted
me, took me in. I had lost my first lodgings because I
screamed in the night. I had been in Afghanistan; I was
there no longer.
"I scream in the night," I told him.
"I have been told that I snore," he said. "Also I keep

irregular hours, and I often use the mantelpiece for target
practice. I will need the sitting room to meet clients. I am
selfish, private, and easily bored. Will this be a problem?"
I smiled and shook my head and extended my hand.
We shook on it.
The rooms he had found for us, in Baker Street, were
more than adequate for two bachelors. I bore in mind all my
friend had said about his desire for privacy, and I forbore
from asking what it was he did for a living. Still, there was
much to pique my curiosity. Visitors would arrive at all
hours, and when they did I would leave the sitting room and
repair to my bedroom, pondering what they could have in
common with my friend: the pale woman with one eye bone
white, the small man who looked like a commercial
traveller, the portly dandy in his velvet jacket, and the rest.
Some were frequent visitors; many others came only once,
spoke to him, and left, looking troubled or looking satisfied.
He was a mystery to me.
We were partaking of one of our landlady's
magnificent breakfasts one morning when my friend rang
the bell to summon that good lady. "There will be a
gentleman joining us, in about four minutes," he said. "We
will need another place at table."
"Very good," she said, "I'll put more sausages under
the grill."
My friend returned to perusing his morning paper. I
waited for an explanation with growing impatience. Finally, I

could stand it no longer. "I don't understand. How could you
know that in four minutes we would be receiving a visitor?
There was no telegram, no message of any kind."
He smiled thinly. "You did not hear the clatter of a
brougham several minutes ago? It slowed as it passed us
—obviously as the driver identified our door—then it sped
up and went past, up into the Marylebone Road. There is a
crush of carriages and taxicabs letting off passengers at
the railway station and at the waxworks, and it is in that
crush that anyone wishing to alight without being observed
will go. The walk from there to here is but four minutes . . . "
He glanced at his pocket watch, and as he did so I
heard a tread on the stairs outside.
"Come in, Lestrade," he called. "The door is ajar, and
your sausages are just coming out from under the grill."
A man I took to be Lestrade opened the door, then
closed it carefully behind him. "I should not," he said. "But
truth to tell, I have not had a chance to break my fast this
morning. And I could certainly do justice to a few of those
sausages." He was the small man I had observed on
several occasions previously, whose demeanour was that
of a traveller in rubber novelties or patent nostrums.
My friend waited until our landlady had left the room
before he said, "Obviously, I take it this is a matter of
national importance."
"My stars," said Lestrade, and he paled. "Surely the
word cannot be out already. Tell me it is not." He began to

pile his plate high with sausages, kipper fillets, kedgeree,
and toast, but his hands shook a little.
"Of course not," said my friend. "I know the squeak of
your brougham wheels, though, after all this time: an
oscillating G-sharp above high C. And if Inspector Lestrade
of Scotland Yard cannot publically be seen to come into the
parlour of London's only consulting detective, yet comes
anyway, and without having had his breakfast, then I know
that this is not a routine case. Ergo, it involves those above
us and is a matter of national importance."
Lestrade dabbed egg yolk from his chin with his
napkin. I stared at him. He did not look like my idea of a
police inspector, but then, my friend looked little enough like
my idea of a consulting detective—whatever that might be.
"Perhaps we should discuss the matter privately,"
Lestrade said, glancing at me.
My friend began to smile impishly, and his head
moved on his shoulders as it did when he was enjoying a
private joke. "Nonsense," he said. "Two heads are better
than one. And what is said to one of us is said to us both."
"If I am intruding—" I said gruffly, but he motioned me
to silence.
Lestrade shrugged. "It's all the same to me," he said,
after a moment. "If you solve the case, then I have my job. If
you don't, then I have no job. You use your methods, that's
what I say. It can't make things any worse."

"If there's one thing that a study of history has taught
us, it is that things can always get worse," said my friend.
"When do we go to Shoreditch?"
Lestrade dropped his fork. "This is too bad!" he
exclaimed. "Here you are, making sport of me, when you
know all about the matter! You should be ashamed—"
"No one has told me anything of the matter. When a
police inspector walks into my room with fresh splashes of
mud of that peculiar yellow hue on his boots and trouser
legs, I can surely be forgiven for presuming that he has
recently walked past the diggings at Hobbs Lane in
Shoreditch, which is the only place in London that particular
mustard-coloured clay seems to be found."
Inspector Lestrade looked embarrassed. "Now you put
it like that," he said, "it seems so obvious."
My friend pushed his plate away from him. "Of course
it does," he said, slightly testily.
We rode to the East End in a cab. Inspector Lestrade
had walked up to the Marylebone Road to find his
brougham, and left us alone.
"So you are truly a consulting detective?" I said.
"The only one in London, or perhaps the world," said
my friend. "I do not take cases. Instead, I consult. Others
bring me their insoluble problems, they describe them, and,
sometimes, I solve them."
"Then those people who come to you . . . "
"Are, in the main, police officers, or are detectives

themselves, yes."
It was a fine morning, but we were now jolting about the
edges of the Rookery of St. Giles, that warren of thieves
and cutthroats which sits on London like a cancer on the
face of a pretty flower seller, and the only light to enter the
cab was dim and faint.
"Are you sure that you wish me along with you?"
In reply, my friend stared at me without blinking. "I have
a feeling," he said. "I have a feeling that we were meant to
be together. That we have fought the good fight, side by
side, in the past or in the future, I do not know. I am a
rational man, but I have learned the value of a good
companion, and from the moment I clapped eyes on you, I
knew I trusted you as well as I do myself. Yes. I want you
with me."
I blushed, or said something meaningless. For the first
time since Afghanistan, I felt that I had worth in the world.

2. THE ROOM
Victor's "Vitae"! An electrical fluid! Do your limbs and
nether regions lack life? Do you look back on the
days of your youth with envy? Are the pleasures of
the flesh now buried and forgot? Victor's "Vitae" will
bring life where life has long been lost: even the
oldest warhorse can be a proud stallion once more!

Bringing Life to the Dead: from an old family recipe
and the best of modern science. To receive signed
attestations of the efficacy of Victor's "Vitae" write to
the V. von F. Company. 1b Cheap Street. London.
It was a cheap rooming house in Shoreditch. There
was a policeman at the front door. Lestrade greeted him by
name and made to usher us in, but my friend squatted on
the doorstep and pulled a magnifying glass from his coat
pocket. He examined the mud on the wrought-iron boot
scraper, prodding at it with his forefinger. Only when he was
satisfied would he let us go inside.
We walked upstairs. The room in which the crime had
been committed was obvious: it was flanked by two burly
constables.
Lestrade nodded to the men, and they stood aside.
We walked in.
I am not, as I said, a writer by profession, and I hesitate
to describe that place, knowing that my words cannot do it
justice. Still, I have begun this narrative, and I fear I must
continue. A murder had been committed in that little bedsit.
The body, what was left of it, was still there on the floor. I
saw it, but at first, somehow, I did not see it. What I saw
instead was what had sprayed and gushed from the throat
and chest of the victim: in colour it ranged from bile green
to grass green. It had soaked into the threadbare carpet

and spattered the wallpaper. I imagined it for one moment
the work of some hellish artist who had decided to create a
study in emerald.
After what seemed like a hundred years I looked down
at the body, opened like a rabbit on a butcher's slab, and
tried to make sense of what I saw. I removed my hat, and
my friend did the same.
He knelt and inspected the body, examining the cuts
and gashes. Then he pulled out his magnifying glass and
walked over to the wall, investigating the gouts of drying
ichor.
"We've already done that," said Inspector Lestrade.
"Indeed?" said my friend. "What did you make of this,
then? I do believe it is a word."
Lestrade walked to the place my friend was standing
and looked up. There was a word, written in capitals, in
green blood, on the faded yellow wallpaper, some little way
above Lestrade's head. "Rache . . . ?" said Lestrade,
spelling it out. "Obviously he was going to write Rachel, but
he was interrupted. So—we must look for a woman . . . "
My friend said nothing. He walked back to the corpse,
and picked up its hands, one after the other. The fingertips
were clean of ichor. "I think we have established that the
word was not written by His Royal Highness."
"What the devil makes you say—"
"My dear Lestrade. Please give me some credit for
having a brain. The corpse is obviously not that of a man—

the colour of his blood, the number of limbs, the eyes, the
position of the face—all these things bespeak the blood
royal. While I cannot say which royal line, I would hazard that
he is an heir, perhaps—no, second to the throne—in one of
the German principalities."
"That is amazing." Lestrade hesitated, then he said,
"This is Prince Franz Drago of Bohemia. He was here in
Albion as a guest of Her Majesty Victoria. Here for a
holiday and a change of air . . . "
"For the theatres, the whores, and the gaming tables,
you mean."
"If you say so." Lestrade looked put out. "Anyway,
you've given us a fine lead with this Rachel woman.
Although I don't doubt we would have found her on our
own."
"Doubtless," said my friend.
He inspected the room further, commenting acidly
several times that the police had obscured footprints with
their boots and moved things that might have been of use
to anyone attempting to reconstruct the events of the
previous night. Still, he seemed interested in a small patch
of mud he found behind the door.
Beside the fireplace he found what appeared to be
some ash or dirt.
"Did you see this?" he asked Lestrade.
"Her Majesty's police," replied Lestrade, "tend not to
be excited by ash in a fireplace. It's where ash tends to be

found." And he chuckled at that.
My friend took a pinch of the ash and rubbed it
between his fingers, then sniffed the remains. Finally, he
scooped up what was left of the material and tipped it into a
glass vial, which he stoppered and placed in an inner
pocket of his coat.
He stood up. "And the body?"
Lestrade said, "The palace will send their own
people."
My friend nodded at me, and together we walked to
the door. My friend sighed. "Inspector. Your quest for Miss
Rachel may prove fruitless. Among other things, Rache is a
German word. It means 'revenge.' Check your dictionary.
There are other meanings."
We reached the bottom of the stair and walked out
onto the street.
"You have never seen royalty before this morning, have
you?" he asked. I shook my head. "Well, the sight can be
unnerving, if you're unprepared. Why my good fellow—you
are trembling!"
"Forgive me. I shall be fine in moments."
"Would it do you good to walk?" he asked, and I
assented, certain that if I did not walk I would begin to
scream.
"West, then," said my friend, pointing to the dark tower
of the palace. And we commenced to walk.
"So," said my friend, after some time. "You have never

had any personal encounters with any of the crowned
heads of Europe?"
"No," I said.
"I believe I can confidently state that you shall," he told
me. "And not with a corpse this time. Very soon."
"My dear fellow, whatever makes you believe—?"
In reply he pointed to a carriage, black-painted, that
had pulled up fifty yards ahead of us. A man in a black top
hat and a greatcoat stood by the door, holding it open,
waiting silently. A coat of arms familiar to every child in
Albion was painted in gold upon the carriage door.
"There are invitations one does not refuse," said my
friend. He doffed his own hat to the footman, and I do
believe that he was smiling as he climbed into the boxlike
space and relaxed back into the soft leathery cushions.
When I attempted to speak with him during the journey
to the palace, he placed his finger over his lips. Then he
closed his eyes and seemed sunk deep in thought. I, for my
part, tried to remember what I knew of German royalty, but
apart from the Queen's consort, Prince Albert, being
German, I knew little enough.
I put a hand in my pocket, pulled out a handful of coins
—brown and silver, black and copper green. I stared at the
portrait of our Queen stamped on each of them, and felt
both patriotic pride and stark dread. I told myself I had once
been a military man, and a stranger to fear, and I could
remember a time when this had been the plain truth. For a

moment I remembered a time when I had been a crack shot
—even, I liked to think, something of a marksman—but now
my right hand shook as if it were palsied, and the coins
jingled and chinked, and I felt only regret.

3. THE PALACE
At Long Last Dr. Henry Jekyll is proud to announce
the general release of the world-renowned "Jekyll's
Powders" for popular consumption. No longer the
province of the privileged few. Release the Inner You!
For Inner and Outer Cleanliness! TOO MANY
PEOPLE, both men and women, suffer from
CONSTIPATION OF THE SOUL! Relief is
immediate and cheap—with Jekyll's powders!
(Available in Vanilla and Original Mentholatum
Formulations.)
The Queen's consort, Prince Albert, was a big man,
with an impressive handlebar mustache and a receding
hairline, and he was undeniably and entirely human. He met
us in the corridor, nodded to my friend and to me, did not
ask us for our names or offer to shake hands.
"The Queen is most upset," he said. He had an accent.
He pronounced his Ss as Zs: Mozt. Upzet. "Franz was one

of her favourites. She has many nephews. But he made her
laugh so. You will find the ones who did this to him."
"I will do my best," said my friend.
"I have read your monographs," said Prince Albert. "It
was I who told them that you should be consulted. I hope I
did right."
"As do I," said my friend.
And then the great door was opened, and we were
ushered into the darkness and the presence of the Queen.
She was called Victoria because she had beaten us in
battle seven hundred years before, and she was called
Gloriana because she was glorious, and she was called the
Queen because the human mouth was not shaped to say
her true name. She was huge—huger than I had imagined
possible—and she squatted in the shadows staring down
at us without moving.
Thizsz muzzst be zsolved. The words came from the
shadows.
"Indeed, ma'am," said my friend.
A limb squirmed and pointed at me. Zstepp forward.
I wanted to walk. My legs would not move.
My friend came to my rescue then. He took me by the
elbow and walked me toward Her Majesty.

Isz not to be afraid. Isz to be worthy. Isz to be a
companion. That was what she said to me. Her voice was
a very sweet contralto, with a distant buzz. Then the limb

uncoiled and extended, and she touched my shoulder.
There was a moment, but only a moment, of pain deeper
and more profound than anything I have ever experienced,
and then it was replaced by a pervasive sense of wellbeing. I could feel the muscles in my shoulder relax, and for
the first time since Afghanistan, I was free from pain.
Then my friend walked forward. Victoria spoke to him,
yet I could not hear her words; I wondered if they went,
somehow, directly from her mind to his, if this was the
Queen's counsel I had read about in the histories. He
replied aloud.
"Certainly, ma'am. I can tell you that there were two
other men with your nephew in that room in Shoreditch, that
night—the
footprints, although obscured, were
unmistakable." And then, "Yes. I understand . . . I believe
so . . . yes."
He was quiet when we left and said nothing to me as
we rode back to Baker Street.
It was dark already. I wondered how long we had spent
in the palace.
Upon our return to Baker Street, in the looking glass of
my room, I observed that the frog-white skin across my
shoulder had taken on a pinkish tinge. I hoped that I was not
imagining it, that it was not merely the moonlight through the
window.

4. THE PERFORMANCE
LIVER COMPLAINTS?! BILIOUS ATTACKS?!
NEU-RASTHENIC DISTURBANCES?! QUINSY?!
ARTHRITIS?! These are just a handful of the
c o m p l a i n t s for
which
a
professional
EXSANGUINATION can be the remedy. In our
offices we have sheaves of TESTIMONIALS which
can be inspected by the public at any time. Do not put
your health in the hands of amateurs!! We have been
doing this for a very long time: V. TEPES—
PROFESSIONAL EXSANGUINATOR. (Remember!
It is pronounced Tzsep-pesh!) Romania, Paris,
London, Whitby. You've tried the rest —NOW TRY
THE BEST!!
That my friend was a master of disguise should have
come as no surprise to me, yet surprise me it did. Over the
next ten days a strange assortment of characters came in
through our door on Baker Street—an elderly Chinese man,
a young roué, a fat, red-haired woman of whose former
profession there could be little doubt, and a venerable old
buffer, his foot swollen and bandaged from gout. Each of
them would walk into my friend's room, and with a speed
that would have done justice to a music-hall "quick-change
artist," my friend would walk out.

He would not talk about what he had been doing on
these occasions, preferring to relax and stare off into
space, occasionally making notations on any scrap of
paper
to
hand—notations
I
found,
frankly,
incomprehensible. He seemed entirely preoccupied, so
much so that I found myself worrying about his well-being.
And then, late one afternoon, he came home dressed in his
own clothes, with an easy grin upon his face, and he asked
if I was interested in the theatre.
"As much as the next man," I told him.
"Then fetch your opera glasses," he told me. "We are
off to Drury Lane."
I had expected a light opera, or something of the kind,
but instead I found myself in what must have been the worst
theatre in Drury Lane, for all that it had named itself after the
royal court—and to be honest, it was barely in Drury Lane
at all, being situated at the Shaftesbury Avenue end of the
road, where the avenue approaches the Rookery of St.
Giles. On my friend's advice I concealed my wallet, and
following his example, I carried a stout stick.
Once we were seated in the stalls (I had bought a
threepenny orange from one of the lovely young women
who sold them to the members of the audience, and I
sucked it as we waited), my friend said quietly, "You should
only count yourself lucky that you did not need to
accompany me to the gambling dens or the brothels. Or the
madhouses—another place that Prince Franz delighted in

visiting, as I have learned. But there was nowhere he went
to more than once. Nowhere but—"
The orchestra struck up, and the curtain was raised.
My friend was silent.
It was a fine-enough show in its way: three one-act
plays were performed. Comic songs were sung between
the acts. The leading man was tall, languid, and had a fine
singing voice; the leading lady was elegant, and her voice
carried through all the theatre; the comedian had a fine
touch for patter songs.
The first play was a broad comedy of mistaken
identities: the leading man played a pair of identical twins
who had never met, but had managed, by a set of comical
misadventures, each to find himself engaged to be married
to the same young lady—who, amusingly, thought herself
engaged to only one man. Doors swung open and closed
as the actor changed from identity to identity.
The second play was a heartbreaking tale of an
orphan girl who starved in the snow selling hothouse violets
—her grandmother recognised her at the last, and swore
that she was the babe stolen ten years back by bandits, but
it was too late, and the frozen little angel breathed her last. I
must confess I found myself wiping my eyes with my linen
handkerchief more than once.
The performance finished with a rousing historical
narrative: the entire company played the men and women
of a village on the shore of the ocean, seven hundred years

before our modern times. They saw shapes rising from the
sea, in the distance. The hero joyously proclaimed to the
villagers that these were the Old Ones, whose coming was
foretold, returning to us from R'lyeh, and from dim Carcosa,
and from the plains of Leng, where they had slept, or
waited, or passed out the time of their death. The
comedian opined that the other villagers had all been
eating too many pies and drinking too much ale, and they
were imagining the shapes. A portly gentleman playing a
priest of the Roman god tells the villagers that the shapes in
the sea are monsters and demons, and must be destroyed.
At the climax, the hero beat the priest to death with his
own crucifix, and prepared to welcome Them as They
come. The heroine sang a haunting aria, whilst in an
astonishing display of magic-lantern trickery, it seemed as
if we saw Their shadows cross the sky at the back of the
stage: the Queen of Albion herself, and the Black One of
Egypt (in shape almost like a man), followed by the Ancient
Goat, Parent to a Thousand, Emperor of all China, and the
Czar Unanswerable, and He Who Presides over the New
World, and the White Lady of the Antarctic Fastness, and
the others. And as each shadow crossed the stage, or
appeared to, from out of every throat in the gallery came,
unbidden, a mighty "Huzzah!" until the air itself seemed to
vibrate. The moon rose in the painted sky, and then, at its
height, in one final moment of theatrical magic, it turned
from a pallid yellow, as it was in the old tales, to the
comforting crimson of the moon that shines down upon us

all today.
The members of the cast took their bows and their
curtain calls to cheers and laughter, and the curtain fell for
the last time, and the show was done.
"There," said my friend. "What did you think?"
"Jolly, jolly good," I told him, my hands sore from
applauding.
"Stout fellow," he said with a smile. "Let us go
backstage."
We walked outside and into an alley beside the
theatre, to the stage door, where a thin woman with a wen
on her cheek knitted busily. My friend showed her a visiting
card and she directed us into the building and up some
steps to a small communal dressing room.
Oil lamps and candles guttered in front of smeared
looking glasses, and men and women were taking off their
makeup and costumes with no regard to the proprieties of
gender. I averted my eyes. My friend seemed unperturbed.
"Might I talk to Mr. Vernet?" he asked loudly.
A young woman who had played the heroine's best
friend in the first play, and the saucy innkeeper's daughter
in the last, pointed us to the end of the room. "Sherry!
Sherry Vernet!" she called.
The man who stood up in response was lean; less
conventionally handsome than he had seemed from the
other side of the footlights. He peered at us quizzically. "I do
not believe I have had the pleasure . . . ?"

"My name is Henry Camberley," said my friend,
drawling his speech somewhat. "You may have heard of
me."
"I must confess that I have not had that privilege," said
Vernet.
My friend presented the actor with an engraved card.
The man looked at it with unfeigned interest. "A theatrical
promoter? From the New World? My, my. And this is . . . ?"
He looked at me.
"This is a friend of mine, Mr. Sebastian. He is not of
the profession."
I muttered something about having enjoyed the
performance enormously, and shook hands with the actor.
My friend said, "Have you ever visited the New
World?"
"I have not yet had that honour," admitted Vernet,
"although it has always been my dearest wish."
"Well, my good man," said my friend, with the easy
informality of a New Worlder, "maybe you'll get your wish.
That last play. I've never seen anything like it. Did you write
it?"
"Alas, no. The playwright is a good friend of mine.
Although I devised the mechanism of the magic-lantern
shadow show. You'll not see finer on the stage today."
"Would you give me the playwright's name? Perhaps I
should speak to him directly, this friend of yours."
Vernet shook his head. "That will not be possible, I am

afraid. He is a professional man, and does not wish his
connection with the stage publically to be known."
"I see." My friend pulled a pipe from his pocket and put
it in his mouth. Then he patted his pockets. "I am sorry," he
began. "I have forgotten to bring my tobacco pouch."
"I smoke a strong black shag," said the actor, "but if
you have no objection—"
"None!" said my friend heartily. "Why, I smoke a strong
shag myself," and he filled his pipe with the actor's tobacco,
and the two men puffed away while my friend described a
vision he had for a play that could tour the cities of the New
World, from Manhattan Island all the way to the farthest tip
of the continent in the distant south. The first act would be
the last play we had seen. The rest of the play might tell of
the dominion of the Old Ones over humanity and its gods,
perhaps imagining what might have happened if people
had had no royal families to look up to—a world of
barbarism and darkness. "But your mysterious professional
man would be the play's author, and what occurs would be
his alone to decide. Our drama would be his. But I can
guarantee you audiences beyond your imaginings, and a
significant share of the takings at the door. Let us say fifty
percent?"
"This is most exciting," said Vernet. "I hope it will not
turn out to have been a pipe dream!"
"No, sir, it shall not!" said my friend, puffing on his own
pipe, chuckling at the man's joke. "Come to my rooms in

Baker Street tomorrow morning, after breakfast time, say at
ten, in company with your author friend, and I shall have the
contracts drawn up and waiting."
With that, the actor clambered up onto his chair and
clapped his hands for silence. "Ladies and gentlemen of
the company, I have an announcement to make," he said,
his resonant voice filling the room. "This gentleman is Henry
Camberley, the theatrical promoter, and he is proposing to
take us across the Atlantic Ocean, and on to fame and
fortune."
There were several cheers, and the comedian said,
"Well, it'll make a change from herrings and pickled
cabbage," and the company laughed. It was to the smiles of
all of them that we walked out of the theatre and onto the
fog-wreathed streets.
"My dear fellow," I said. "Whatever was—"
"Not another word," said my friend. "There are many
ears in the city."
And not another word was spoken until we had hailed
a cab and clambered inside and were rattling up the
Charing Cross Road.
And even then, before he said anything, my friend took
his pipe from his mouth and emptied the half-smoked
contents of the bowl into a small tin. He pressed the lid onto
the tin and placed it into his pocket.
"There," he said. "That's the Tall Man found, or I'm a
Dutchman. Now, we just have to hope that the cupidity and

the curiosity of the Limping Doctor proves enough to bring
him to us tomorrow morning."
"The Limping Doctor?"
My friend snorted. "That is what I have been calling
him. It was obvious, from footprints and much else besides
when we saw the prince's body, that two men had been in
that room that night: a tall man, who, unless I miss my
guess, we have just encountered, and a smaller man with a
limp, who eviscerated the prince with a professional skill
that betrays the medical man."
"A doctor?"
"Indeed. I hate to say this, but it is my experience that
when a doctor goes to the bad, he is a fouler and darker
creature than the worst cutthroat. There was Huston, the
acid-bath man, and Campbell, who brought the
Procrustean bed to Ealing . . . " and he carried on in a
similar vein for the rest of our journey.
The cab pulled up beside the kerb. "That'll be one and
ten-pence," said the cabbie. My friend tossed him a florin,
which he caught and tipped to his ragged tall hat. "Much
obliged to you both," he called out as the horse clopped out
into the fog.
We walked to our front door. As I unlocked the door,
my friend said, "Odd. Our cabbie just ignored that fellow on
the corner."
"They do that at the end of a shift," I pointed out.
"Indeed they do," said my friend.

I dreamed of shadows that night, vast shadows that
blotted out the sun, and I called out to them in my
desperation, but they did not listen.

5. THE SKIN AND THE PIT
This year, step into the Spring—with a spring in your
step! JACK'S. Boots, Shoes, and Brogues. Save your
soles! Heels our speciality. JACK'S. And do not forget to
visit our new clothes and fittings emporium in the East
End—featuring evening wear of all kinds, hats, novelties,
canes, swordsticks &c. JACK'S OF PICCADILLY. It's all
in the Spring!
Inspector Lestrade was the first to arrive.
"You have posted your men in the street?" asked my
friend.
"I have," said Lestrade. "With strict orders to let
anyone in who comes, but to arrest anyone trying to leave."
"And you have handcuffs with you?"
In reply, Lestrade put his hand in his pocket and
jangled two pairs of cuffs grimly.
"Now, sir," he said. "While we wait, why do you not tell
me what we are waiting for?"
My friend pulled his pipe out of his pocket. He did not
put it in his mouth, but placed it on the table in front of him.

Then he took the tin from the night before, and a glass vial I
recognised as the one he had had in the room in
Shoreditch.
"There," he said. "The coffin nail, as I trust it shall
prove, for our Mr. Vernet." He paused. Then he took out his
pocket watch, laid it carefully on the table. "We have
several minutes before they arrive." He turned to me. "What
do you know of the Restorationists?"
"Not a blessed thing," I told him.
Lestrade coughed. "If you're talking about what I think
you're talking about," he said, "perhaps we should leave it
there. Enough's enough."
"Too late for that," said my friend. "For there are those
who do not believe that the coming of the Old Ones was the
fine thing we all know it to be. Anarchists to a man, they
would see the old ways restored—mankind in control of its
own destiny, if you will."
"I will not hear this sedition spoken," said Lestrade. "I
must warn you—"
"I must warn you not to be such a fathead," said my
friend. "Because it was the Restorationists who killed
Prince Franz Drago. They murder, they kill, in a vain effort
to force our masters to leave us alone in the darkness. The
prince was killed by a rache—it's an old term for a hunting
dog, Inspector, as you would know if you had looked in a
dictionary. It also means 'revenge.' And the hunter left his
signature on the wallpaper in the murder room, just as an

artist might sign a canvas. But he was not the one who
killed the prince."
"The Limping Doctor!" I exclaimed.
"Very good. There was a tall man there that night—I
could tell his height, for the word was written at eye level.
He smoked a pipe—the ash and dottle sat unburned in the
fireplace, and he had tapped out his pipe with ease on the
mantel, something a smaller man would not have done. The
tobacco was an unusual blend of shag. The footprints in the
room had for the most part been almost obliterated by your
men, but there were several clear prints behind the door
and by the window. Someone had waited there: a smaller
man from his stride, who put his weight on his right leg. On
the path outside I had seen several clear prints, and the
different colours of clay on the boot scraper gave me more
information: a tall man, who had accompanied the prince
into those rooms and had later walked out. Waiting for them
to arrive was the man who had sliced up the prince so
impressively . . . "
Lestrade made an uncomfortable noise that did not
quite become a word.
"I have spent many days retracing the movements of
His Highness. I went from gambling hell to brothel to dining
den to madhouse looking for our pipe-smoking man and
his friend. I made no progress until I thought to check the
newspapers of Bohemia, searching for a clue to the
prince's recent activities there, and in them I learned that an

English theatrical troupe had been in Prague last month,
and had performed before Prince Franz Drago."
"Good Lord," I said. "So that Sherry Vernet fellow . . . "
"Is a Restorationist. Exactly."
I was shaking my head in wonder at my friend's
intelligence and skills of observation when there was a
knock on the door.
"This will be our quarry!" said my friend. "Careful now!"
Lestrade put his hand deep into his pocket, where I
had no doubt he kept a pistol. He swallowed nervously.
My friend called out, "Please, come in!"
The door opened.
It was not Vernet, nor was it a Limping Doctor. It was
one of the young street Arabs who earn a crust running
errands—"in the employ of Messieurs Street and Walker,"
as we used to say when I was young. "Please, sirs," he
said. "Is there a Mr. Henry Camberley here? I was asked by
a gentleman to deliver a note."
"I'm he," said my friend. "And for a sixpence, what can
you tell me about the gentleman who gave you the note?"
The young lad, who volunteered that his name was
Wiggins, bit the sixpence before making it vanish, and then
told us that the cheery cove who gave him the note was on
the tall side, with dark hair, and, he added, had been
smoking a pipe.
I have the note here, and take the liberty of transcribing
it.

My Dear Sir,
I do not address you as Henry Camberley, for it is a
name to which you have no claim. I am surprised that
you did not announce yourself under your own name,
for it is a fine one, and one that does you credit. I have
read a number of your papers, when I have been able
to obtain them. Indeed, I corresponded with you quite
profitably two years ago about certain theoretical
anomalies in your paper on the Dynamics of an
Asteroid.
I was amused to meet you yesterday evening. A few
tips which might save you bother in times to come, in
the profession you currently follow. Firstly, a pipesmoking man might possibly have a brand-new,
unused pipe in his pocket, and no tobacco, but it is
exceedingly unlikely—at least as unlikely as a
theatrical promoter with no idea of the usual customs
of recompense on a tour, who is accompanied by a
taciturn ex-army officer (Afghanistan, unless I miss my
guess). Incidentally, while you are correct that the
streets of London have ears, it might also behoove you
in the future not to take the first cab that comes along.
Cabdrivers have ears, too, if they choose to use them.

You are certainly correct in one of your suppositions: it
was indeed I who lured the half-blood creature back to
the room in Shoreditch. If it is any comfort to you,
having learned a little of his recreational predilections, I
had told him I had procured for him a girl, abducted
from a convent in Cornwall where she had never seen
a man, and that it would only take his touch, and the
sight of his face, to tip her over into a perfect madness.
Had she existed, he would have feasted on her
madness while he took her, like a man sucking the
flesh from a ripe peach, leaving nothing behind but the
skin and the pit. I have seen them do this. I have seen
them do far worse. It is the price we pay for peace and
prosperity.
It is too great a price for that.
The good doctor—who believes as I do, and who did
indeed write our little performance, for he has some
crowd-pleasing skills—was waiting for us, with his
knives.
I send this note, not as a catch-me-if-you-can taunt, for
we are gone, the estimable doctor and I, and you shall
not find us, but to tell you that it was good to feel that, if
only for a moment, I had a worthy adversary. Worthier
by far than inhuman creatures from beyond the Pit.

I fear the Strand Players will need to find themselves a
new leading man.
I will not sign myself Vernet, and until the hunt is done
and the world restored, I beg you to think of me simply
as,
Rache
Inspector Lestrade ran from the room, calling to his
men. They made young Wiggins take them to the place
where the man had given him the note, for all the world as if
Vernet the actor would be waiting there for them, asmoking of his pipe. From the window we watched them
run, my friend and I, and we shook our heads.
"They will stop and search all the trains leaving
London, all the ships leaving Albion for Europe or the New
World," said my friend, "looking for a tall man and his
companion, a smaller, thickset medical man, with a slight
limp. They will close the ports. Every way out of the country
will be blocked."
"Do you think they will catch him, then?"
My friend shook his head. "I may be wrong," he said,
"but I would wager that he and his friend are even now only
a mile or so away, in the Rookery of St. Giles, where the
police will not go except by the dozen. They will hide up
there until the hue and cry have died away. And then they

will be about their business."
"What makes you say that?"
"Because," said my friend, "if our positions were
reversed, it is what I would do. You should burn the note, by
the way."
I frowned. "But surely it's evidence," I said.
"It's seditionary nonsense," said my friend.
And I should have burned it. Indeed, I told Lestrade I
had burned it, when he returned, and he congratulated me
on my good sense. Lestrade kept his job, and Prince Albert
wrote a note to my friend congratulating him on his
deductions while regretting that the perpetrator was still at
large.
They have not yet caught Sherry Vernet, or whatever
his name really is, nor was any trace found of his
murderous accomplice, tentatively identified as a former
military surgeon named John (or perhaps James) Watson.
Curiously, it was revealed that he had also been in
Afghanistan. I wonder if we ever met.
My shoulder, touched by the Queen, continues to
improve; the flesh fills and it heals. Soon I shall be a dead
shot once more.
One night when we were alone, several months ago, I
asked my friend if he remembered the correspondence
referred to in the letter from the man who signed himself
Rache. My friend said that he remembered it well, and that
"Sigerson" (for so the actor had called himself then,

claiming to be an Icelander) had been inspired by an
equation of my friend's to suggest some wild theories
furthering the relationship between mass, energy, and the
hypothetical speed of light. "Nonsense, of course," said my
friend, without smiling. "But inspired and dangerous
nonsense nonetheless."
The palace eventually sent word that the Queen was
pleased with my friend's accomplishments in the case, and
there the matter has rested.
I doubt my friend will leave it alone, though; it will not be
over until one of them has killed the other.
I kept the note. I have said things in this retelling of
events that are not to be said. If I were a sensible man I
would burn all these pages, but then, as my friend taught
me, even ashes can give up their secrets. Instead, I shall
place these papers in a strongbox at my bank with
instructions that the box may not be opened until long after
anyone now living is dead. Although, in the light of the
recent events in Russia, I fear that day may be closer than
any of us would care to think.
S——M——Major (Ret'd)
Baker Street,
London, New Albion, 1881

You See But You Do Not
Observe
by Robert J. Sawyer
Robert J. Sawyer is the author of twenty novels,
including Hominids, which won the Hugo Award, The
Terminal Experiment , which won the Nebula Award,
a nd Mindscan, which won the John W. Campbell
Memorial Award. Sawyer's novel Flashforward is
currently being adapted for television and is scheduled
to air on ABC this fall. His latest novel project is the
WWW trilogy, consisting of Wake, Watch, and
Wonder. The first volume, Wake, was recently
serialized in the pages of Analog and was released in
hardcover in April.
"Where is everybody?" These words, exclaimed by
Los Alamos physicist Enrico Fermi in 1950, led to his
formulation of what's known as the Fermi paradox:
Why haven't we found any evidence of extraterrestrial
life, given the seemingly high probability that such life
exists? Even if intelligent life evolves only rarely, the
sheer scale of the universe would mean that advanced
civilizations should be commonplace. (The Drake

equation is a well-known model for organizing this line
of reasoning.) There ought to be civilizations billions of
years older than ours, in which case they should have
colonized Earth long ago, or at least built large
engineering projects such as Dyson spheres that we
could detect with our instruments. But so far, nothing.
Many explanations have been proposed, including that
intelligence is much rarer than we think, that advanced
civilizations tend to destroy themselves or each other,
or that advanced civilizations have chosen not to talk to
us, perhaps because they don't want to meddle with
our development or because we're just too primitive to
bother with. Our final tale presents a solution to the
Fermi paradox that we can virtually guarantee you've
never considered before.
I had been pulled into the future first, ahead of my
companion. There was no sensation associated with the
chronotransference, except for a popping of my ears which
I was later told had to do with a change in air pressure.
Once in the twenty-first century, my brain was scanned in
order to produce from my memories a perfect
reconstruction of our rooms at 221B Baker Street. Details
that I could not consciously remember or articulate were
nonetheless reproduced exactly: the flock-papered walls,
the bearskin hearthrug, the basket chair and the armchair,
the coal-scuttle, even the view through the window—all

were correct to the smallest detail.
I was met in the future by a man who called himself
Mycroft Holmes. He claimed, however, to be no relation to
my companion, and protested that his name was mere
coincidence, although he allowed that the fact of it was
likely what had made a study of my partner's methods his
chief avocation. I asked him if he had a brother called
Sherlock, but his reply made little sense to me: "My parents
weren't that cruel."
In any event, this Mycroft Holmes—who was a small
man with reddish hair, quite unlike the stout and dark ale of
a fellow with the same name I had known two hundred
years before—wanted all details to be correct before he
whisked Holmes here from the past. Genius, he said, was
but a step from madness, and although I had taken to the
future well, my companion might be quite rocked by the
experience.
When Mycroft did bring Holmes forth, he did so with
great stealth, transferring him precisely as he stepped
through the front exterior door of the real 221 Baker Street
and into the simulation that had been created here. I heard
my good friend's voice down the stairs, giving his usual
glad tidings to a simulation of Mrs. Hudson. His long legs,
as they always did, brought him up to our humble quarters
at a rapid pace.
I had expected a hearty greeting, consisting perhaps
of an ebullient cry of "My Dear Watson," and possibly even

a firm clasping of hands or some other display of
bonhomie. But there was none of that, of course. This was
not like the time Holmes had returned after an absence of
three years during which I had believed him to be dead. No,
my companion, whose exploits it has been my honor to
chronicle over the years, was unaware of just how long we
had been separated, and so my reward for my vigil was
nothing more than a distracted nodding of his drawn-out
face. He took a seat and settled in with the evening paper,
but after a few moments, he slapped the newsprint sheets
down. "Confound it, Watson! I have already read this
edition. Have we not today's paper?"
And, at that turn, there was nothing for it but for me to
adopt the unfamiliar role that queer fate had dictated I must
now take: our traditional positions were now reversed, and I
would have to explain the truth to Holmes.
"Holmes, my good fellow, I am afraid they do not
publish newspapers anymore."
He pinched his long face into a scowl, and his clear,
gray eyes glimmered. "I would have thought that any man
who had spent as much time in Afghanistan as you had,
Watson, would be immune to the ravages of the sun. I grant
that today was unbearably hot, but surely your brain should
not have addled so easily."
"Not a bit of it, Holmes, I assure you," said I. "What I
say is true, although I confess my reaction was the same as
yours when I was first told. There have not been any

newspapers for seventy-five years now."
"Seventy-five years? Watson, this copy of The Times
is dated August the fourteenth, 1899—yesterday."
"I am afraid that is not true, Holmes. Today is June the
fifth, anno Domini two thousand and ninety-six."
"Two thou—"
"It sounds preposterous, I know—"
" It is preposterous, Watson. I call you 'old man' now
and again out of affection, but you are in fact nowhere near
two hundred and fifty years of age."
"Perhaps I am not the best man to explain all this," I
said.
"No," said a voice from the doorway. "Allow me."
Holmes surged to his feet. "And who are you?"
"My name is Mycroft Holmes."
"Impostor!" declared my companion.
"I assure you that that is not the case," said Mycroft. "I
grant I'm not your brother, nor a habitué of the Diogenes
Club, but I do share his name. I am a scientist—and I have
used certain scientific principles to pluck you from your past
and bring you into my present."
For the first time in all the years I had known him, I saw
befuddlement on my companion's face. "It is quite true," I
said to him.
"But why?" said Holmes, spreading his long arms.
"Assuming this mad fantasy is true—and I do not grant for

an instant that it is—why would you thus kidnap myself and
my good friend, Dr. Watson?"
"Because, Holmes, the game, as you used to be so
fond of saying, is afoot."
"Murder, is it?" asked I, grateful at last to get to the
reason for which we had been brought forward.
"More than simple murder," said Mycroft. "Much more.
Indeed, the biggest puzzle to have ever faced the human
race. Not just one body is missing. Trillions are. Trillions."
"Watson," said Holmes, "surely you recognize the
signs of madness in the man? Have you nothing in your bag
that can help him? The whole population of the Earth is less
than two thousand millions."
"In your time, yes," said Mycroft. "Today, it's about
eight thousand million. But I say again, there are trillions
more who are missing."
"Ah, I perceive at last," said Holmes, a twinkle in his
eye as he came to believe that reason was once again
holding sway. "I have read in The Illustrated London News
of these dinosauria, as Professor Owen called them—
great creatures from the past, all now deceased. It is their
demise you wish me to unravel."
Mycroft shook his head. "You should have read
Professor Moriarty's monograph called The Dynamics of
an Asteroid," he said.
"I keep my mind clear of useless knowledge," replied
Holmes curtly.

Mycroft shrugged. "Well, in that paper Moriarty quite
cleverly guessed the cause of the demise of the dinosaurs:
an asteroid crashing into earth kicked up enough dust to
block the sun for months on end. Close to a century after he
had reasoned out this hypothesis, solid evidence for its
truth was found in a layer of clay. No, that mystery is long
since solved. This one is much greater."
"And what, pray, is it?" said Holmes, irritation in his
voice.
Mycroft motioned for Holmes to have a seat, and, after
a moment's defiance, my friend did just that. "It is called the
Fermi paradox," said Mycroft, "after Enrico Fermi, an Italian
physicist who lived in the twentieth century. You see, we
know now that this universe of ours should have given rise
to countless planets, and that many of those planets should
have produced intelligent civilizations. We can demonstrate
the likelihood of this mathematically, using something
called the Drake equation. For a century and a half now, we
have been using radio—wireless, that is—to look for signs
of these other intelligences. And we have found nothing
—nothing! Hence the paradox Fermi posed: if the universe
is supposed to be full of life, then where are the aliens?"
"Aliens?" said I. "Surely they are mostly still in their
respective foreign countries."
Mycroft smiled. "The word has gathered additional
uses since your day, good doctor. By aliens, I mean
extraterrestrials—creatures who live on other worlds."

"Like in the stories of Verne and Wells?" asked I, quite
sure that my expression was agog.
"And even in worlds beyond the family of our sun," said
Mycroft.
Holmes rose to his feet. "I know nothing of universes
and other worlds," he said angrily. "Such knowledge could
be of no practical use in my profession."
I nodded. "When I first met Holmes, he had no idea
that the Earth revolved around the sun." I treated myself to a
slight chuckle. "He thought the reverse to be true."
Mycroft smiled. "I know of your current limitations,
Sherlock." My friend cringed slightly at the overly familiar
address. "But these are mere gaps in knowledge; we can
rectify that easily enough."
"I will not crowd my brain with useless irrelevancies,"
said Holmes. "I carry only information that can be of help in
my work. For instance, I can identify one hundred and forty
different varieties of tobacco ash—"
"Ah, well, you can let that information go, Holmes,"
said Mycroft. "No one smokes anymore. It's been proven
ruinous to one's health." I shot a look at Holmes, whom I
had always warned of being a self-poisoner. "Besides,
we've also learned much about the structure of the brain in
the intervening years. Your fear that memorizing information
related to fields such as literature, astronomy, and
philosophy would force out other, more relevant data, is
unfounded. The capacity for the human brain to store and

retrieve information is almost infinite."
"It is?" said Holmes, clearly shocked.
"It is."
"And so you wish me to immerse myself in physics and
astronomy and such all?"
"Yes," said Mycroft.
"To solve this paradox of Fermi?"
"Precisely!"
"But why me?"
"Because it is a puzzle, and you, my good fellow, are
the greatest solver of puzzles this world has ever seen. It is
now two hundred years after your time, and no one with a
facility to rival yours has yet appeared."
Mycroft probably could not see it, but the tiny hint of
pride on my longtime companion's face was plain to me.
But then Holmes frowned. "It would take years to amass the
knowledge I would need to address this problem."
"No, it will not." Mycroft waved his hand, and amidst
the homely untidiness of Holmes's desk appeared a small
sheet of glass standing vertically. Next to it lay a strange
metal bowl. "We have made great strides in the technology
of learning since your day. We can directly program new
information into your brain." Mycroft walked over to the
desk. "This glass panel is what we call a monitor. It is
activated by the sound of your voice. Simply ask it
questions, and it will display information on any topic you
wish. If you find a topic that you think will be useful in your

studies, simply place this helmet on your head" (he
indicated the metal bowl), "say the words 'load topic,' and
the information will be seamlessly integrated into the neural
nets of your very own brain. It will at once seem as if you
know, and have always known, all the details of that field of
endeavor."
"Incredible!" said Holmes. "And from there?"
"From there, my dear Holmes, I hope that your powers
of deduction will lead you to resolve the paradox—and
reveal at last what has happened to the aliens!"
"Watson! Watson!"
I awoke with a start. Holmes had found this new ability
to effortlessly absorb information irresistible and he had
pressed on long into the night, but I had evidently fallen
asleep in a chair. I perceived that Holmes had at last found
a substitute for the sleeping fiend of his cocaine mania:
with all of creation at his fingertips, he would never again
feel that emptiness that so destroyed him between
assignments.
"Eh?" I said. My throat was dry. I had evidently been
sleeping with my mouth open. "What is it?"
"Watson, this physics is more fascinating than I had
ever imagined. Listen to this, and see if you do not find it as
compelling as any of the cases we have faced to date."
I rose from my chair and poured myself a little sherry—
it was, after all, still night and not yet morning. "I am

listening."
"Remember the locked and sealed room that figured
so significantly in that terrible case of the Giant Rat of
Sumatra?"
"How could I forget?" said I, a shiver traversing my
spine. "If not for your keen shooting, my left leg would have
ended up as gamy as my right."
"Quite," said Holmes. "Well, consider a different type
of locked-room mystery, this one devised by an Austrian
physicist named Erwin Schrödinger. Imagine a cat sealed
in a box. The box is of such opaque material, and its walls
are so well insulated, and the seal is so profound, that there
is no way anyone can observe the cat once the box is
closed."
"Hardly seems cricket," I said, "locking a poor cat in a
box."
"Watson, your delicate sensibilities are laudable, but
please, man, attend to my point. Imagine further that inside
this box is a triggering device that has exactly a fifty-fifty
chance of being set off, and that this aforementioned
trigger is rigged up to a cylinder of poison gas. If the trigger
is tripped, the gas is released, and the cat dies."
"Goodness!" said I. "How nefarious."
"Now, Watson, tell me this: without opening the box,
can you say whether the cat is alive or dead?"
"Well, if I understand you correctly, it depends on
whether the trigger was tripped."

"Precisely!"
"And so the cat is perhaps alive, and, yet again,
perhaps it is dead."
"Ah, my friend, I knew you would not fail me: the
blindingly obvious interpretation. But it is wrong, dear
Watson, totally wrong."
"How do you mean?"
"I mean the cat is neither alive nor is it dead. It is a
potential cat, an unresolved cat, a cat whose existence is
nothing but a question of possibilities. It is neither alive nor
dead, Watson—neither! Until some intelligent person
opens the box and looks, the cat is unresolved. Only the act
of looking forces a resolution of the possibilities. Once you
crack the seal and peer within, the potential cat collapses
into an actual cat. Its reality is a result of having been
observed."
"That is worse gibberish than anything this namesake
of your brother has spouted."
"No, it is not," said Holmes. "It is the way the world
works. They have learned so much since our time, Watson
—so very much! But as Alphonse Karr has observed, Plus
ça change, plus c'est la même chose. Even in this
esoteric field of advanced physics, it is the power of the
qualified observer that is most important of all!"
I awoke again hearing Holmes crying out, "Mycroft!
Mycroft!"

I had occasionally heard such shouts from him in the
past, either when his iron constitution had failed him and he
was feverish, or when under the influence of his accursed
needle. But after a moment I realized he was not calling for
his real brother but rather was shouting into the air to
summon the Mycroft Holmes who was the twenty-firstcentury savant. Moments later, he was rewarded: the door
to our rooms opened and in came the red-haired fellow.
"Hello, Sherlock," said Mycroft. "You wanted me?"
"Indeed I do," said Holmes. "I have absorbed much
now on not just physics but also the technology by which
you have re-created these rooms for me and the good Dr.
Watson."
Mycroft nodded. "I've been keeping track of what
you've been accessing. Surprising choices, I must say."
"So they might seem," said Holmes, "but my method is
based on the pursuit of trifles. Tell me if I understand
correctly that you reconstructed these rooms by scanning
Watson's memories, then using, if I understand the terms,
holography and micro-manipulated force fields to simulate
the appearance and form of what he had seen."
"That's right."
"So your ability to reconstruct is not just limited to
rebuilding these rooms of ours, but, rather, you could
simulate anything either of us had ever seen."
"That's correct. In fact, I could even put you into a
simulation of someone else's memories. Indeed, I thought

perhaps you might like to see the Very Large Array of radio
telescopes, where most of our listening for alien messages
—"
"Yes, yes, I'm sure that's fascinating," said Holmes,
dismissively. "But can you reconstruct the venue of what
Watson so appropriately dubbed 'The Final Problem'?"
"You mean the Falls of Reichenbach?" Mycroft looked
shocked. "My God, yes, but I should think that's the last
thing you'd want to relive."
"Aptly said!" declared Holmes. "Can you do it?"
"Of course."
"Then do so!"
And so Holmes and my brains were scanned and in
short order we found ourselves inside a superlative recreation of the Switzerland of May 1891, to which we had
originally fled to escape Professor Moriarty's assassins.
Our re-enactment of events began at the charming
Englischer Hof in the village of Meiringen. Just as the
original innkeeper had done all those years ago, the
reconstruction of him exacted a promise from us that we
would not miss the spectacle of the Falls of Reichenbach.
Holmes and I set out for the Falls, him walking with the aid
of an alpenstock. Mycroft, I was given to understand, was
somehow observing all this from afar.
"I do not like this," I said to my companion. "'Twas bad
enough to live through this horrible day once, but I had

hoped I would never have to relive it again except in
nightmares."
"Watson, recall that I have fonder memories of all this.
Vanquishing Moriarty was the high point of my career. I
said to you then, and say again now, that putting an end to
the very Napoleon of crime would easily be worth the price
of my own life."
There was a little dirt path cut out of the vegetation
running halfway round the falls so as to afford a complete
view of the spectacle. The icy green water, fed by the
melting snows, flowed with phenomenal rapidity and
violence, then plunged into a great, bottomless chasm of
rock black as the darkest night. Spray shot up in vast gouts,
and the shriek made by the plunging water was almost like
a human cry.
We stood for a moment looking down at the waterfall,
Holmes's face in its most contemplative repose. He then
pointed further ahead along the dirt path. "Note, dear
Watson," he said, shouting to be heard above the torrent,
"that the dirt path comes to an end against a rock wall
there." I nodded. He turned in the other direction. "And see
that backtracking out the way we came is the only way to
leave alive: there is but one exit, and it is coincident with the
single entrance."
Again I nodded. But, just as had happened the first
time we had been at this fateful spot, a Swiss boy came
running along the path, carrying in his hand a letter

addressed to me which bore the mark of the Englischer
Hof. I knew what the note said, of course: that an
Englishwoman, staying at that inn, had been overtaken by a
hemorrhage. She had but a few hours to live, but doubtless
would take great comfort in being ministered to by an
English doctor, and would I come at once?
"But the note is a pretext," said I, turning to Holmes.
"Granted, I was fooled originally by it, but, as you later
admitted in that letter you left for me, you had suspected all
along that it was a sham on the part of Moriarty."
Throughout this commentary, the Swiss boy stood frozen,
immobile, as if somehow Mycroft, overseeing all this, had
locked the boy in time so that Holmes and I might consult. "I
will not leave you again, Holmes, to plunge to your death."
Holmes raised a hand. "Watson, as always, your
sentiments are laudable, but recall that this is a mere
simulation. You will be of material assistance to me if you
do exactly as you did before. There is no need, though, for
you to undertake the entire arduous hike to the Englischer
Hof and back. Instead, simply head back to the point at
which you pass the figure in black, wait an additional
quarter of an hour, then return to here."
"Thank you for simplifying it," said I. "I am eight years
older than I was then; a three-hour round trip would take a
goodly bit out of me today."
"Indeed," said Holmes. "All of us may have outlived our
most useful days. Now, please, do as I ask."

"I will, of course," said I, "but I freely confess that I do
not understand what this is all about. You were engaged by
this twenty-first-century Mycroft to explore a problem in
natural philosophy—the missing aliens. Why are we even
here?"
"We are here," said Holmes, "because I have solved
that problem! Trust me, Watson. Trust me, and play out the
scenario again of that portentous day of May 4th, 1891."
And so I left my companion, not knowing what he had
in mind. As I made my way back to the Englischer Hof, I
passed a man going hurriedly the other way. The first time I
had lived through these terrible events I did not know him,
but this time I recognized him for Professor Moriarty: tall,
clad all in black, his forehead bulging out, his lean form
outlined sharply against the green backdrop of the
vegetation. I let the simulation pass, waited fifteen minutes
as Holmes had asked, then returned to the falls.
Upon my arrival, I saw Holmes's alpenstock leaning
against a rock. The black soil of the path to the torrent was
constantly re-moistened by the spray from the roiling falls. In
the soil I could see two sets of footprints leading down the
path to the cascade, and none returning. It was precisely
the same terrible sight that greeted me all those years ago.
"Welcome back, Watson!"
I wheeled around. Holmes stood leaning against a
tree, grinning widely.

"Holmes!" I exclaimed. "How did you manage to get
away from the falls without leaving footprints?"
"Recall, my dear Watson, that except for the flesh-andblood you and me, all this is but a simulation. I simply asked
Mycroft to prevent my feet from leaving tracks." He
demonstrated this by walking back and forth. No
impression was left by his shoes, and no vegetation was
trampled down by his passage. "And, of course, I asked
him to freeze Moriarty, as earlier he had frozen the Swiss
lad, before he and I could become locked in mortal
combat."
"Fascinating," said I.
"Indeed. Now, consider the spectacle before you.
What do you see?"
"Just what I saw that horrid day on which I had thought
you had died: two sets of tracks leading to the falls, and
none returning."
Holmes's crow of "Precisely!" rivaled the roar of the
falls. "One set of tracks you knew to be my own, and the
others you took to be that of the black-clad Englishman—
the very Napoleon of crime!"
"Yes."
"Having seen these two sets approaching the falls, and
none returning, you then rushed to the very brink of the falls
and found—what?"
"Signs of a struggle at the lip of the precipice leading
to the great torrent itself."

"And what did you conclude from this?"
"That you and Moriarty had plunged to your deaths,
locked in mortal combat."
"Exactly so, Watson! The very same conclusion I
myself would have drawn based on those observations!"
"Thankfully, though, I turned out to be incorrect."
"Did you, now?"
"Why, yes. Your presence here attests to that."
"Perhaps," said Holmes. "But I think otherwise.
Consider, Watson! You were on the scene, you saw what
happened, and for three years—three years, man!—you
believed me to be dead. We had been friends and
colleagues for a decade at that point. Would the Holmes
you knew have let you mourn him for so long without getting
word to you? Surely you must know that I trust you at least
as much as I do my brother Mycroft, whom I later told you
was the only one I had made privy to the secret that I still
lived."
"Well," I said, "since you bring it up, I was slightly hurt
by that. But you explained your reasons to me when you
returned."
"It is a comfort to me, Watson, that your ill-feelings
were assuaged. But I wonder, perchance, if it was more
you than I who assuaged them."
"Eh?"
"You had seen clear evidence of my death, and had
faithfully if floridly recorded the same in the chronicle you so

appropriately dubbed 'The Final Problem.'"
"Yes, indeed. Those were the hardest words I had ever
written."
"And what was the reaction of your readers once this
account was published in the Strand?"
I shook my head, recalling. "It was completely
unexpected," said I. "I had anticipated a few polite notes
from strangers mourning your passing, since the stories of
your exploits had been so warmly received in the past. But
what I got instead was mostly anger and outrage—people
demanding to hear further adventures of yours."
"Which of course you believed to be impossible,
seeing as how I was dead."
"Exactly. The whole thing left a rather bad taste, I must
say. Seemed very peculiar behavior."
"But doubtless it died down quickly," said Holmes.
"You know full well it did not. I have told you before that
the onslaught of letters, as well as personal exhortations
wherever I would travel, continued unabated for years. In
fact, I was virtually at the point of going back and writing up
one of your lesser cases I had previously ignored as being
of no general interest simply to get the demands to cease,
when, much to my surprise and delight—"
"Much to your surprise and delight, after an absence of
three years less a month, I turned up in your consulting
rooms, disguised, if I recall correctly, as a shabby book
collector. And soon you had fresh adventures to chronicle,

beginning with that case of the infamous Colonel Sebastian
Moran and his victim, the Honorable Ronald Adair."
"Yes," said I. "Wondrous it was."
"But Watson, let us consider the facts surrounding my
apparent death at the falls of Reichenbach on May 4th,
1891. You, the observer on the scene, saw the evidence,
and, as you wrote in 'The Final Problem,' many experts
scoured the lip of the falls and came to precisely the same
conclusion you had—that Moriarty and I had plunged to our
deaths."
"But that conclusion turned out to be wrong."
Holmes beamed intently. "No, my Good Watson, it
turned out to be unacceptable—unacceptable to your
faithful readers. And that is where all the problems stem
from. Remember Schrödinger's cat in the sealed box?
Moriarty and I at the falls present a very similar scenario: he
and I went down the path into the cul-de-sac, our footprints
leaving impressions in the soft earth. There were only two
possible outcomes at that point: either I would exit alive, or I
would not. There was no way out, except to take that same
path back away from the falls. Until someone came and
looked to see whether I had re-emerged from the path, the
outcome was unresolved. I was both alive and dead—a
collection of possibilities. But when you arrived, those
possibilities had to collapse into a single reality. You saw
that there were no footprints returning from the falls—
meaning that Moriarty and I had struggled until at last we

had both plunged over the edge into the icy torrent. It was
your act of seeing the results that forced the possibilities to
be resolved. In a very real sense, my good, dear friend, you
killed me."
My heart was pounding in my chest. "I tell you, Holmes,
nothing would have made me more happy than to have
seen you alive!"
"I do not doubt that, Watson—but you had to see one
thing or the other. You could not see both. And, having seen
what you saw, you reported your findings: first to the Swiss
police, and then to the reporter for the Journal de Genève,
and lastly in your full account in the pages of the Strand."
I nodded.
"But here is the part that was not considered by
Schrödinger when he devised the thought experiment of the
cat in the box. Suppose you open the box and find the cat
dead, and later you tell your neighbor about the dead cat—
and your neighbor refuses to believe you when you say that
the cat is dead. What happens if you go and look in the box
a second time?"
"Well, the cat is surely still dead."
"Perhaps. But what if thousands—nay, millions!—
refuse to believe the account of the original observer? What
if they deny the evidence? What then, Watson?"
"I—I do not know."
"Through the sheer stubbornness of their will, they
reshape reality, Watson! Truth is replaced with fiction! They

will the cat back to life. More than that, they attempt to
believe that the cat never died in the first place!"
"And so?"
"And so the world, which should have one concrete
reality, is rendered unresolved, uncertain, adrift. As the first
observer on the scene at Reichenbach, your interpretation
should take precedence. But the stubbornness of the
human race is legendary, Watson, and through that sheer
cussedness, that refusal to believe what they have been
plainly told, the world gets plunged back into being a wave
front of unresolved possibilities. We exist in flux—to this
day, the whole world exists in flux—because of the conflict
between the observation you really made at Reichenbach,
and the observation the world wishes you had made."
"But this is all too fantastic, Holmes!"
"Eliminate the impossible, Watson, and whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Which
brings me now to the question we were engaged by this
avatar of Mycroft to solve: this paradox of Fermi. Where are
the alien beings?"
"And you say you have solved that?"
"Indeed I have. Consider the method by which mankind
has been searching for these aliens."
"By wireless, I gather—trying to overhear their chatter
on the ether."
"Precisely! And when did I return from the dead,
Watson?"

"April of 1894."
"And when did that gifted Italian, Guglielmo Marconi,
invent the wireless?"
"I have no idea."
"In eighteen hundred and ninety-five, my good Watson.
The following year! In all the time that mankind has used
radio, our entire world has been an unresolved quandary!
An uncollapsed wave front of possibilities!"
"Meaning?"
"Meaning the aliens are there, Watson—it is not they
who are missing, it is us! Our world is out of synch with the
rest of the universe. Through our failure to accept the
unpleasant truth, we have rendered ourselves potential
rather than actual."
I had always thought my companion a man with a
generous regard for his own stature, but surely this was too
much. "You are suggesting, Holmes, that the current
unresolved state of the world hinges on the fate of you
yourself?"
"Indeed! Your readers would not allow me to fall to my
death, even if it meant attaining the very thing I desired
most, namely the elimination of Moriarty. In this mad world,
the observer has lost control of his observations! If there is
one thing my life stood for—my life prior to that ridiculous
resurrection of me you recounted in your chronicle of 'The
Empty House'—it was reason! Logic! A devotion to
observable fact! But humanity has abjured that. This whole

world is out of whack, Watson—so out of whack that we are
cut off from the civilizations that exist elsewhere. You tell me
you were barraged with demands for my return, but if
people had really understood me, understood what my life
represented, they would have known that the only real
tribute to me possible would have been to accept the facts!
The only real answer would have been to leave me dead!"
Mycroft sent us back in time, but rather than returning
us to 1899, whence he had plucked us, at Holmes's request
he put us back eight years earlier in May of 1891. Of
course, there were younger versions of ourselves already
living then, but Mycroft swapped us for them, bringing the
young ones to the future, where they could live out the rest
of their lives in simulated scenarios taken from Holmes's
and my minds. Granted, we were each eight years older
than we had been when we had fled Moriarty the first time,
but no one in Switzerland knew us and so the aging of our
faces went unnoticed.
I found myself for a third time living that fateful day at
the Falls of Reichenbach, but this time, like the first and
unlike the second, it was real.
I saw the page boy coming, and my heart raced. I
turned to Holmes, and said, "I can't possibly leave you."
"Yes, you can, Watson. And you will, for you have never
failed to play the game. I am sure you will play it to the end."
He paused for a moment, then said, perhaps just a wee bit

sadly, "I can discover facts, Watson, but I cannot change
them." And then, quite solemnly, he extended his hand. I
clasped it firmly in both of mine. And then the boy, who was
in Moriarty's employ, was upon us. I allowed myself to be
duped, leaving Holmes alone at the Falls, fighting with all
my might to keep from looking back as I hiked onward to
treat the nonexistent patient at the Englischer Hof. On my
way, I passed Moriarty going in the other direction. It was all
I could do to keep from drawing my pistol and putting an
end to the blackguard, but I knew Holmes would consider
robbing him of his own chance at Moriarty an unforgivable
betrayal.
It was an hour's hike down to the Englischer Hof. There
I played out the scene in which I inquired about the ailing
Englishwoman, and Steiler the Elder, the innkeeper,
reacted, as I knew he must, with surprise. My performance
was probably half-hearted, having played the role once
before, but soon I was on my way back. The uphill hike took
over two hours, and I confess plainly to being exhausted
upon my arrival, although I could barely hear my own
panting over the roar of the torrent.
Once again, I found two sets of footprints leading to the
precipice, and none returning. I also found Holmes's
alpenstock, and, just as I had the first time, a note from him
to me that he had left with it. The note read just as the
original had, explaining that he and Moriarty were about to
have their final confrontation, but that Moriarty had allowed
him to leave a few last words behind. But it ended with a

postscript that had not been in the original:
My dear Watson [it said], you will honour my passing
most of all if you stick fast to the powers of
observation. No matter what the world wants, leave me
dead.
I returned to London, and was able to briefly
counterbalance my loss of Holmes by reliving the joy and
sorrow of the last few months of my wife Mary's life,
explaining my somewhat older face to her and others as the
result of shock at the death of Holmes. The next year, right
on schedule, Marconi did indeed invent the wireless.
Exhortations for more Holmes adventures continued to pour
in, but I ignored them all, although the lack of him in my life
was so profound that I was sorely tempted to relent,
recanting my observations made at Reichenbach. Nothing
would have pleased me more than to hear again the voice
of the best and wisest man I had ever known.
In late June of 1907, I read in The Times about the
detection of intelligent wireless signals coming from the
direction of the star Altair. On that day, the rest of the world
celebrated, but I do confess I shed a tear and drank a
special toast to my good friend, the late Mr. Sherlock
Holmes.

Acknowledgments
Many thanks to the following:
Jeremy Lassen and Jason Williams at Night Shade
Books, for letting me edit all these anthologies and for
doing such a kick-ass job publishing them. Also, to Ross
Lockhart at Night Shade for all that he does behind-thescenes, and to Marty Halpern for catching all my tyops.
David Palumbo, for the Holmesarific cover.
Gordon Van Gelder, the Dr. Joseph Bell to my
Sherlock Holmes (i.e., the model upon which my career is
based). Of course, unlike Holmes, I am not a fictional
character, or so the voices tell me.
My agent Jenny Rappaport, the Mrs. Hudson of my
literary estate.
David Barr Kirtley for serving as my Watson during the
assembly of this volume. All the clever things in the header
notes are his work. Anything lame you came across is
mine.
Rebecca McNulty, for her various and valuable
interning assistance—reading, scanning, transcribing,
proofing, doing most of the work but getting none of the
credit as all good interns do.
My mom, for the usual reasons.
All of the other kindly folks who assisted me in some

way during the editorial process: Charles Ardai, Jack
Byrne, Frances Collin, Andy Cox, Ellen Datlow, Jake Elwell,
Jennifer Escott, Emily Giglierano, Lina M. Granada,
Merrilee Heifetz, Patricia Hoch, Mary Robinette Kowal,
Dorothy Lumley, Donald Maass, Andrew Marszal, Linda
Moorcock, Barbara and Christopher Roden, Betty Russo,
Charles Schlessiger, Steven Silver, J. L. Stermer, Craig
Tenney, everyone who dropped suggestions into my
Holmes fiction database, and to everyone else who helped
out in some way that I neglected to mention (and to you
folks, I apologize!).
The NYC Geek Posse—consisting of Robert Bland,
Christopher M. Cevasco, Douglas E. Cohen, Jordan
Hamessley, Andrea Kail, and Matt London (plus Dave
Kirtley, who I mentioned above, and the NYCGP Auxiliary)
—for giving me an excuse to come out of my editorial cave
once in a while.
The readers and reviewers who loved my other
anthologies, making it possible for me to do more.
And last, but certainly not least: a big thanks to all of
the authors who appear in this anthology.

About the Editor
John Joseph Adams is the editor of the anthologies By

Blood We Live, Federations, The Living Dead,
Seeds of Change, and Wastelands: Stories of the

Apocalypse. Forthcoming work includes the
anthologies Brave New Worlds, The Living Dead 2,
The Mad Scientist's Guide to World Domination, and
The Way of the Wizard. He is also the assistant editor
at The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
He is a columnist for Tor.com and has written reviews
for Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, and Orson
Scott Card's Intergalactic Medicine Show. His nonfiction has also appeared in: Amazing Stories, The
Internet Review of Science Fiction, Locus Magazine,
Novel & Short Story Writers Market, Science Fiction
Weekly, SCI FI Wire, Shimmer, Strange Horizons,
Subterranean Magazine, and Writer's Digest.
He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in English
from the University of Central Florida in December
2000. He currently lives in New Jersey. For more
information,
visit
his
website
at
www.johnjosephadams.com.
—————
[1] Most of which appeared in the pages of The Strand
Magazine.
[2] These abilities will be highlighted in the forthcoming
Guy Ritchie film, Sherlock Holmes, starring Robert

Downey, Jr. as Holmes, due out in theaters this December.
[3] In "The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire."
[4] From The Sign of the Four
[5] Don't let the bylines fool you into thinking you know
which way—mystery or fantasy—a story will resolve;
although some of the fantasy authors here do deliver
fantasy tales, some of those tales are merely improbable
rather than impossible, and some of the leading lights of
the mystery genre may have some surprises for you as well.
So, as Sherlock Holmes would surely advise, don't make
too many assumptions.
[6] The initials of Victoria Regina, Queen of England
from 1837–1901.
[7] In "The Adventure of the Musgrave Ritual."
[8] From "The Adventure of the Lion's Mane."
[9] "A Scandal in Bohemia."
[10] Sherlock Holmes maintained an extensive series
of commonplace books in which he recorded all manner of
information that came to his attention. We learn from the
stories that he spent several hours compiling and crossindexing his books, but generally when we read of him
referring to his "index" he seems to be referring to the
commonplace books themselves.
[11] I believe in order that I may understand.
[12] You cling to your own ways and leave mine to me.

THE END

For more great books visit
http://www.webscription.net

The Improbable
Adventures of Sherlock
Holmes
Table of Contents
Introduction
by John Joseph Adams

A Sherlockiana Primer
by Christopher Roden

The Doctor's Case
by Stephen King

The Horror of the Many Faces
by Tim Lebbon

The Case of the Bloodless Sock
by Anne Perry

The Adventure of the Other Detective
by Bradley H. Sinor

A Scandal in Montreal
by Edward D. Hoch

The Adventure of the Field Theorems
by Vonda N. McIntyre

The Adventure of the Death-Fetch
by Darrell Schweitzer

The Shocking Affair of the Dutch Steamship
Friesland
by Mary Robinette Kowal

The Adventure of the Mummy's Curse
by H. Paul Jeffers

The Things That Shall Come Upon Them
by Barbara Roden

Murder to Music
by Anthony Burgess

The Adventure of the Inertial Adjustor
by Stephen Baxter

Mrs Hudson's Case
by Laurie R. King

The Singular Habits of Wasps
by Geoffrey A. Landis

The Affair of the 46th Birthday
by Amy Myers

The Specter of Tullyfane Abbey
by Peter Tremayne

The Vale of the White Horse
by Sharyn McCrumb

The Adventure of the Dorset Street Lodger

by Michael Moorcock

The Adventure of the Lost World
by Dominic Green

The Adventure of the Antiquarian's Niece
by Barbara Hambly

Dynamics of a Hanging
by Tony Pi

Merridew of Abominable Memory
by Chris Roberson

Commonplaces
by Naomi Novik

The Adventure of the Pirates of Devil's Cape
by Rob Rogers

The Adventure of the Green Skull
by Mark Valentine

The Human Mystery
by Tanith Lee

A Study in Emerald
by Neil Gaiman

You See But You Do Not Observe
by Robert J. Sawyer

Acknowledgments

Table of Contents
Introduction
A Sherlockiana Primer
The Doctor's Case
The Horror of the Many Faces
The Case of the Bloodless Sock
The Adventure of the Other Detective
A Scandal in Montreal
The Adventure of the Field Theorems
The Adventure of the Death-Fetch
The Shocking Affair of the Dutch Steamship Friesland
The Adventure of the Mummy's Curse
The Things That Shall Come Upon Them
Murder to Music
The Adventure of the Inertial Adjustor
Mrs Hudson's Case
The Singular Habits of Wasps
The Affair of the 46th Birthday
The Specter of Tullyfane Abbey
The Vale of the White Horse
The Adventure of the Dorset Street Lodger
The Adventure of the Lost World
The Adventure of the Antiquarian's Niece
Dynamics of a Hanging
Merridew of Abominable Memory

Commonplaces
The Adventure of the Pirates of Devil's Cape
The Adventure of the Green Skull
The Human Mystery
A Study in Emerald
You See But You Do Not Observe
Acknowledgments

