<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Charasin
Level: 90
Race: Human
Class: Summoner
HP: 7698
MP: 11866<td>Equipment
Great 8-pronged Rake
A long polearm with its tip spit into 8. A rare Artifact-class weapon that
increases gold drop from monsters. It usually acts as a decoration in the
guild hall.
Lucky Dragon Hat
Production-class armor crafted by Tailors using "Crest of Happiness" which
is a rare drop from <Lucky Dragons>. Increases wearers' movement speed
and evasion rate.
Maryona's Saddle Bags
Magical saddle which was a reward for a level 80 quest "Maryona's Jet
Black Horse". It has a larger capacity than a "Magical Bag of Holding" but it
reduces movement speed when in use, so it is usually mounted on a
horse.

Chapter 1: Everyday Life of Shiroe
Part 1
God created the world in 6 days and on the 7th day he rested. This meant
that even God needed a vacation. Shiroe thought humans should follow
God in this respect.
Taking a break after work.
Otherwise humans would have problems.
This was common sense.
There was no need to break away from this truth just because they were
Adventurers, or because of the Catastrophe.
Shiroe was sulking because he had been too busy lately.
It was not that his guildmates in Log Horizon were bullying him. In fact,
Nyanta, Naotsugu, Akatsuki, and even the new members Minori, Tohya,
Isuzu, and Rundelhous all wanted to help Shiroe. But the amount of work
from the Round Table Council was just too much.
(No, this way of thinking is despicable.)
These tasks were not the result of insidious harassment or abuse of
authority.
Probably.
But the answer lies within Shiroe himself.
Shiroe was seen by the Round Table Council as the 'battle tactician with
incredible foresight', and he admitted that it was a proper description. But
even if Shiroe acknowledged this, it was not as if he had a genius-level
intellect or extraordinary talents. Shiroe gauged that he was only average
in terms of abilities.
Shiroe saw himself as a typical preparation-type. He thought his talent lay
in collecting information before events, analyzing and making observations,
and then writing a proper scenario by taking into account any changes
during its execution.

These types were not rare. Roughly all players who checked a game's
walkthrough before starting belonged to this type. This was just a timid way
of doing things, but Shiroe had a unique characteristic. He was not content
with reading a game walkthrough——he had to write one himself. This
characteristic should be driven more by curiosity than timidity.
Because he's not confident, he would put in effort to prepare. If someone
requested something from him, he would make further preparations. Shiroe
was the type who got chosen for important positions unwittingly, even
though he didn't like helping others.
Timidity was often seen as a weakness, but that was not the case for
Shiroe. When he played a battle tactician, being cautious to the extreme
was not a weakness, but a strength.
Although, that only held true when they had enough manpower. Right now,
Shiroe, who was struggling alone, was unable to breathe due to the
pressure of his workload.
This alternate world was an over-sized research subject for Shiroe.
It was better to have more information, and the range of information he
wanted to gather was very wide. The amount of walkthrough information
the world of Elder Tales had accumulated over twenty years was
enormous. And there was ten times more after changing into this alternate
world. Moreover, this was not a stationary world, but it was a world that
evolved every second as things interacted with each other.
Shiroe tried to prioritize and investigate the necessary data. He lacked
manpower and finances, but he could garner public information through
the Round Table Council. He even had a set budget. His efficiency in
gathering intelligence was much better now than right after the
Catastrophe.
Even so, the data he wanted or needed was too colossal, he was unable to
shake off his feeling of unease.
Shiroe did not start collating data of this world purely out of his own
curiosity. Whether to go back to the original world or to give up, he would
still need to live on in this world first. This was the consensus of all the
Adventurers in Akiba.

Information could be a lifeline in many situations.
Just as one would need a map to navigate the oceans, the Round Table
Council needed information about this world. If you were not clear with
what was happening, you wouldn't be able to make the correct decision.
Hence, Shiroe considered gathering and analyzing data to be official
business.
As one of the 11 guildmasters in the Round Table Council, he needed to
spend a lot of time just doing daily communications and tasks. Reviewing
documents also took a lot of time. If it were a major guild like D.D.D or
Oceanic Systems, there would be a lot of talented personnel to assist and
support the guildmaster.
In a sense, this was the same as having a team of secretaries supporting
Michitaka or Krusty in their administrative duties. Even if it were not at the
level of secretary, having reliable companions to help you review and give
feedback would be invaluable.
But Log Horizon had only eight members, including the two new members,
so Shiroe didn't expect to have someone around at all times to assist him
in his administrative duties. The most proficient person at administrative
matters apart from Shiroe was Minori, but Minori was still in training. If she
helped Shiroe, her level gap with Tohya, Isuzu, and Rundelhous would get
wider, so he couldn't ask for her help too often.
So the end result was Shiroe being crushed by mountains of administrative
forms and documents.
"Woo wah, there is no way I can finish this!"

Shiroe sighed at the paper peaks. It might be in his nature to bear
responsibility for everything, but that didn't mean he doesn't get
discouraged. Staying indoors all this time had made him depressed.
Shiroe looked out the window.
This window was just a square opening in the wall a few days ago, but
window frames and canvas curtains had now been installed.
The time was noon, and it was raining outside.
The autumn rain that descended on the city was as fine as silver threads.
Falling on every leaf of the ancient trees of Akiba, it was directly wetting
the ground and making a peaceful sound.
This scene was serene, gentle and beautiful.
When Elder Tales was just a game, the weather in different zones would
change randomly according to the game mechanics. It was very pretty
compared to other games, but juxtaposed to the shiny silver threads now
falling in Akiba, it was merely pretty in gaming standards.
Shiroe felt the scenes in this world were better than old Japan's in all
aspects.
Although they were all rain, they each had their own style, such as the
lightning rains in the summer afternoons, or the mist-like rain in autumn.
Living in Japan, with its developed transportation system where all delivery
services could show off their speeds, Shiroe could only see such seasonal
scenery from the NHK. So to him, just the weather alone was like an epic
drama series that had finished airing.
He opened the canvas curtain and saw the city that seemed to be covered
with white lines that went unbroken all the way from the ground to the sky.
It was October, so it was not too cold yet but the chill would slowly start to
set in. He could see people all over the city ignoring the rain and
Adventurers who were using this chance to clean their buildings.
It had been two months since the War of Sand Leaf, but the mopping up
campaign was progressing slowly.
No, the clean up stage had already passed. They should now consider
how to reinforce their relationship with the 'League of Freedom Towns

Eastal', an organization made up of the People of the Land. This had been
confirmed in reports Shiroe received. According to the intelligence, the
number of minor skirmishes had decreased and issues related to resource
transportation and trade were gradually increasing. At this stage, it should
fall under the jurisdiction of the merchant guilds.
The grand preparations for the Libra Festival was the evidence.
Shiroe finally felt the burden on his shoulders when he thought about this.
...But that was only one of his burdens.
What worried Shiroe now was the news from other regions. He did not
have energy to spare just dealing with Akiba, so he had been ignoring
them deliberately for a while, but they were reaching a stage where he
couldn't ignore them any longer. The data from his sources was collated
and countermeasures executed. But after gathering further information, he
realized that there had been major changes. No, it could be said that the
changes were too extreme.
(I thought this might happen, but it just had to turn out this way, the other
areas are really...)
Shiroe relaxed and leaned against his wicker chair while gazing at the
ceiling.
Maps, figures and reports flashed through his mind.
The Japan that had been recreated at half of its original size using the
Half-Gaia project... This place known as the Crescent Archipelago,
Yamato, contained five player cities. Akiba, which Shiroe and the others
resided in, Shibuya, Minami, Susukino, and Nakasu were known as the 5
major cities and were the base cities for players in Elder Tales.
When Elder Tales was still an MMO game, these cities were connected by
devices called the inter-city transport gates that allowed instantaneous
travel between the cities. This made it feel like the cities were close to one
another, but as the gates weren't currently operational, the time needed to
travel between cities had increased. In this world where monsters roamed
free, traveling had become risky, resulting in a decline in the interactions
between cities.

It had been 5 months since the Catastrophe.
Akiba, where Shiroe and the others resided, had undergone major
changes. It looked the same from the outside, but the Adventurers' way of
life, and relationships with others, had both undergone a decisive
makeover. With their interactions with the People of the Land as well as
the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', there should be no one left who
thought that this was just a game.
Everyone in this world have had the equal chance of experiencing these 5
months of time, so Shiroe thought that the other places would have
changed just like Akiba did.
But the change in Akiba was influenced by Shiroe. Shiroe was aware of
the efforts needed to change this city. If that were the case, other cities
could have also been influenced by the will of 'someone' as well, right?
Shiroe felt his heart getting heavy as he thought about this 'will'.
Shibuya changed the least.
Shibuya held a special place among the 5 player cities.
To put it simply, Shibuya was the newest city to be set up. It was added to
disperse the massive number of players in Akiba. Shibuya, which was
made with this purpose in mind, was dependent on the inter-city transport
gate. With the gate not functioning, the city was all but paralyzed.
Hence, almost all Adventurers based in Shibuya had moved to Akiba.
Shibuya was used by very few players, akin to the villas of Akiba in the
neighboring rural areas.
Susukino was evolving just as Shiroe expected. The city's security had
been deteriorating since the Catastrophe, to the point of no return. It had
become a lawless city because of this. The Adventurers who wanted to
leave had mostly succeeded in these past few months.
Serara was a beginner Adventurer, but she still managed to hide her tracks
and escape successfully. This was thanks to Shiroe's rescue operation.
Shortly after, the Round Table Council sent out several expedition teams
over a period of time to evacuate all those who wished to leave Susukino.

Susukino, which seemed set to fail as a player city, still had more than 200
Adventurers left. They were not left behind by the expedition teams, but
instead chose to stay in the dangerous environment of Susukino by their
own will. Not only this, Akiba and Minami also had a few Adventurers who
willingly migrated to Susukino.
In the Elder Tales world that had changed into reality, there seemed to be
some demand for 'lawlessness'. Susukino had evolved into a city where
the minority Adventurers ruled over the majority People of the Land...
Shiroe did not sense any evil from this. No, to not feel any evil at all was
wrong, it was just not obvious. Shiroe sensed fear.
Shiroe championed the rights of the People of the Land at the Round
Table Council for two reasons.
First, it was a problem of survival. The number of People of the Land was
ten times that of the Adventurers. Almost all consumables ingredients, the
resources of this world, were made by the People of the Land. If they
governed the People of the Land with an iron fist, friction and conflict would
arise with the People of the Land. Whether they won or lost, they would
have to bear a heavy price. Protecting the rights of the People of the Land
was a way of protecting their own rights. It was not based on the ideals of
human rights, but was built on the idea of benefits versus losses.
The second reason was fear.
Shiroe still remembered clearly the People of the Land at the village he
visited on his way back from Susukino. Shiroe had felt for the first time that
the People of the Land were humans in that village. He could feel their
warmth, history, personality and intentions, and saw them as 'humans' for
the first time.
To enslave an intelligent human was terrifying for Shiroe, who received a
standard Japanese education. This was too much of a taboo, overlooking
the reasons for justice——evil and morality——and linked directly to the
emotion of fear. He feared becoming a slave himself, but the thought of
owning slaves and ordering them around was just repulsive.
The chill Shiroe felt from Susukino was cut of the same cloth.
But there were only a couple hundred Adventurers in Susukino, such small
scale activities could still be salvaged.

(But the problem lies over there instead...)
Minami's situation was...
Far beyond Shiroe's expectation and developing at an incredible speed.

Part 2
"Shi...roe..sama!"
Shiroe who was lost in thought heard a moving voice that seemed
reproachful with a hint of gratitude.
"Please pull yourself together. Are you eating your meals right? What
about sleep? Eh, seems like you spent the whole day sitting again."
"I am eating right and sleeping well, I went to the dining room just 2 hours
ago."
Shiroe replied casually as he stood up to take the box of files from
Henrietta.
The strong physical abilities of Adventurers were based on the game stats,
so there wasn't much of a strength difference between the 2 genders. No,
compared to Shiroe from the mage class, Henrietta from the
weapon-based class was probably twice as strong.
But seeing Henrietta wearing a secretary-style mini -skirt and jacket with a
corsage, Shiroe was unable to bear seeing her carry so many stacks of
boxes.
Shiroe turned around after leaving the box on his desk.
"There is no need to trouble you with this, I will come over if you contact
me by telepathy."
"Eh... I guess you are right... But I heard Shiroe-sama has been working so
hard, so I thought about dropping by to visit... about that..."
"If you are looking for Akatsuki, she should be coming back soon."
"Ah, Fu fu fu fu, it's not what you think."

Shiroe breathed a sigh of relief as Henrietta blushed.
The famed accountant that was the pride of Crescent Moon Alliance,
Henrietta who was in charge of finance visited Shiroe like this often. The
guild master of Crescent Moon Alliance was Maryele, but the operations
were all handled by Henrietta, her administrative abilities were beyond
praise. Instead of Shiroe who wasted his time on research and curiosity,
Henrietta's contribution to the Round Table Council was much more
significant.
"Eh, this is..."
"The Libra Festival."
Shiroe picked up a file as Henrietta explained from the side.
October. The air was becoming more chilly every time it rained, but the
liveliness of Akiba remained warm. With the normalization of the relations
with 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', there had been more commercial
exchanges stimulating the prosperity of the production guilds.
Food, clothes, machines, medicine, organic materials, and types of items
were imported and exported at an astonishing rate. Akiba was now a city
that focused on re-exporting after processing materials. Adventurers could
gather basic items like food ingredients and minerals, but it was easier to
get them in bulk by purchasing them from the People of the Land.
People of the Land, especially nobles and merchants, had a strong
demand for goods made by Adventurers. They were very interested in
finding out the secrets of their production and were very active in all kinds
of trade.
As the production guilds became more lively, the battle guilds also reaped
its share of the benefits. The 'Fairy Ring Analysis Project' that started last
month resulted in tons of quests being given out, increasing the number of
players going out of town for missions.
In this situation, the unexpected project that started was the Libra Festival.
This event that the Adventurers of Akiba were looking forward to was a
festival celebrated by the entire city.

When Elder Tales was a game, apart from events set by the developers,
there were also plenty of unofficial activities organized by the players
themselves.
There were all kinds of activities that spanned from an entire city to mega
events that spanned the entire server. Unfortunately, there had been no
news of such activities after the Catastrophe as no one had the energy to
spare. But as life stabilized after 5 months, everyone should be anticipating
this lively activity and letting go of the feelings of uneasiness after a while.
Shiroe understood this point.
But instead of preparing for the Libra Festival, Shiroe was swamped with
all sorts of administrative work, so he didn't know the details. He only took
a glimpse through the memo that was sent to all the guild masters and had
a very rough idea.
This was a trading activity that would be held in Akiba a few days later, that
was what he thought.
"How is the liaison committee?"
"Charasin-san is working hard, I really take my hat off to him, the
preparations are going smoothly."
Henrietta, who was arranging the files with her back to Shiroe, replied.
"As expected of the advertisement agency."
This project was directed by the production guilds and the 'Production
Guild Liaison Committee'.
With the formation of the Round Table Council, there was a slew of new
inventions bringing a boom to the economy of Akiba. The Round Table
discussed issues regarding these new inventions but had finally reached
their limits. The Round Table Council was the governing organization that
decided the general direction Akiba should take, it couldn't keep handling
trade disputes or complaints.
Practical problems related to items and delivery didn't need to be strictly
handled by the 11 guild masters, so they decided to set up a dedicated
department.
That was the 'Production Guild Liaison Committee'.

'Production Guild Liaison Committee' was situated 2 levels below the
Round Table Council's conference room in the guild building and operated
24/7. It was manned by Adventurers who had nothing better to do and was
a laid back and kind committee. The liaison committee had the atmosphere
between a conference room and an office, anyone could visit any time.
With their policy of revitalizing the small guilds, this place became the hang
out for guilds with small guild halls. Michitaka from Oceanic Systems and
Rodrick from The Rodrick Firm treated this place as the training ground for
future leaders.
A big notice board was full of all sort of requests such as buying resources,
trading items or information exchange. They could also source for new
items and business partners, a noisy and lively urban community center. It
was just a liaison committee and lacked the seriousness of the Round
Table Council.
The 'Production Guild Liaison Committee' was the organizer for the Libra
Festival.
Crescent Moon Alliance was one of the small guilds that was part of the
Round Table Council and should have plenty to work to do. Henrietta had
had more work at the 'Production Guild Liaison Committee' than she had at
the Round Table Council recently.
"Will Crescent Moon Alliance be participating?"
"Of course we are. Our blacksmith will be selling short swords at the flea
market, Crescent☪Moon will also be making a comeback. Serara is also
working hard on this as the new kids didn't have a chance to eat it. But the
main event will be the fashion show."
"Fashion show?"
"Yes, you didn't know?"
"No, I did hear about it..."
The idea of the Libra Festival started out by someone suggesting 'Let's
hold a merchandise exhibition event alright?' at the 'production guild liaison
committee'.

The first thing the Adventurers who came to this alternate world desired
was normal food and drinks. With this settled, the next was the increase in
demand for a better living environment and fashionable clothes...
In the past when this was a game, your residence was just a place you
used to log out. The furniture were just toys to decorate your personal
space that had wonderful variety but lacked functionality.
It was the same with dressing. Among the corporations that took part in
Elder Tales development, F.O.E (Fujimi Network Entertainment) was a
development agency reputable in design (Suitable for Otaku culture of
Japan), but they did not consider functionality when they came up with
their designs. They didn't even include underwear as part of the items that
could be crafted in the game by Adventurers.
But such inconvenience had been solved recently. The Adventurers had
been creative and came up with more inventions everyday.
But the citizens of Akiba might miss the information about unpopular items.
The only way to get information about new inventions was by chance, word
of mouth or the periodic advertisement fliers.
The proposal to host a merchandise exhibition event was started this way,
and after much discussion, they would be holding a fashion show,
underwear exhibition, food market, and an exhibition warehouse for new
inventions. There had been increasing demand to include more items for
the exhibition.
Most guilds had at least one product they would say "We're the best at!"
and recommend strongly and wanted to exhibit to a wider audience.
'Since that's the case, let's hold a festival centered around exhibitions!'
That was what they decided 2 weeks ago.
These discussions were held in the 'Production Guild Liaison Committee',
but half the citizens of Akiba belonged to production guilds so the news
spread like wildfire all over the city.
The production guild members were all participants, so pure tourists
belonged to the minority. To be precise, only visitors from outside the city
would meet this criteria.

And so, the exhibitors were also the customers, akin to a school cultural
festival.
Shiroe had been focusing on using the Round Table Council as a way to
gather information from the outside and had been neglecting the news
within the city. "Neglecting" was based on Shiroe's standard, his
knowledge of what was happening in the city was much higher than normal
Akiba citizens'. Simply put, the knowledge he had did not meet his tactician
level of standards.
Shiroe knew the story of how the festival started out, and understood that
the exhibition would energize the economy (they just wanted to have fun
under the pretext of work).
The organizer of the festival was not the Round Table Council, but the
liaison committee working under it. Charasin of the 8th District Shopping
Center was the reliable director of this activity.
This was the reason Shiroe decided not to be involved directly and left
them alone.
"Shiroe-sama."
"Hmm?"
Henrietta said as Shiroe arranged the files neatly.
"How is Isuzu-chan doing?"
"Ah ah, ermm.... I have been meaning to talk to her properly one of these
days, but I have been busy and it slipped my mind."
"Shiroe-sama is a good friend of Crescent Moon Alliance, so please don't
hold back. But Serara has been worried about how she is doing."
"Yeah, she is doing well and keeping up with her daily training. She got a
tan in the summer, since the only good thing about this place is that it's
spacious."
The subject of the topic Isuzu was a young female bard who transferred
from Crescent Moon Alliance to Log Horizon. This young girl with freckles
joined Log Horizon together with Rundelhous.

The sorcerer Rundelhous and the bard Isuzu, they were the 2 newest
additions to Log Horizon since Tohya and Minori entered the guild. The
transfer proceeded smoothly after a peaceful discussion between the 2
guild masters. Isuzu was also a beginner confined by the nasty guild
Hamelin just like Minori. Her time in Crescent Moon Alliance was short and
there wasn't much of a problem with the transfer.
Log Horizon and Crescent Moon Alliance had always acted like sister
guilds, often holding beginner training session or forming raiding parties
together. Even though Serara worried about Isuzu, they had still been
meeting once every 3 days.
"Shiroe-sama hasn't gone out the entire summer."
Henrietta said reproachfully. This was the truth so Shiroe couldn't say
anything to defend himself. Henrietta was a core member of Crescent
Moon Alliance, had similar roles as adviser like Shiroe and was also
handling the accounts for Crescent Moon Alliance. She must be busy, but
Minori and the others said that she would occasionally show her face
during beginner training sessions and participate actively. Henrietta's
words were rather harsh to Shiroe's ears.
"...I am reflecting on that."
"Very well, please take a look at this."
Henrietta handed over something like a venue brochure. The copies of
such printed materials could be duplicated using Shiroe's scribe subclass.
The original must have been hand written, but it was easy to make copies.
Shiroe browsed through it roughly, Akiba seemed to have several
exhibition areas set up all over the city.
The content was mostly fashion and dining but there were also armor,
weapons and furniture made from steel or wood. The festival eve events
started the day after tomorrow while the actual festival would last for 2
days.
(The dinner party and the after-festival party...)
Shiroe confirmed the event dates and it overlapped with the return of the
spy. The spy should be able to sneak in easily with the crowd during the
festival, but it would take some effort to secure their reports.

(We can't make any reckless movements during the festival, guess we
have to wait...)
Even if he wanted to gather more data, the intelligence they could collate
during the festival would not be reliable.
"Really, why are you making such a face... Since Shiroe-sama is reflecting
on his actions, you should say something right?"
"Ah?"
"For instance, use this festival as a chance to deepen your relationships
with your friends in Log Horizon"
Shiroe was stunned by her words for a moment, but she did have a point
and it was a good idea. He should be fine doing this once in a while.
"I will."
"Also..."
Henrietta shook her slender finger. Her actions together with her thin frame
spectacles gave her an alluring air of mischief akin to an elder sister.
"Log Horizon is one of the representatives of the Round Table Council,
please do your part to make this event lively."
"Ah... I will handle this appropriately."
"And that's a promise okay?"
Henrietta informed with a smile.
"Both Akatsuki-chan and Minori-chan are very cute, I am looking forward to
it. Heavens, really... Just imagining it can let me go on without food. As the
saying goes, 'People can't go on with only bread, but they can endure most
hardships with bread and imagination'. My god..."
Henrietta who was twisting her body with her hands on her cheeks looked
horrifying. Shiroe could not send his precious guild members to uncertain
death, so he needed to find out the details of this 'promise'.
"What can they do to help?"

"It's very simple, they just need to help with the sales of winter clothes
exhibition."
Being a salesgirl should have nothing to do with being very cute correct?
Shiroe saw through the blueprints of Henrietta's future plan and apologized
to his guild members in his heart, thinking of how he could make it up for
them.

Part 3
Raynesia was wearing comfortable casual clothes and sitting on the couch,
enjoying her small lunchbox with pretty designs. This was a common take
away lunchbox in Akiba.
(It's delicious...)
The vacation she was looking forward to.
Even as Raynesia immersed herself in this feeling of sweetness, her
supple feminine body still trembled when she recollected her recent
crushing work load. Raynesia sighed heavily and drooped her shoulders.
Yes, she had been conned. Conned by Krusty.
She was baited by the sweet talk of '3 meals provided with afternoon nap
included'. She was remorseful of her rash actions.
It was obvious if you thought about it.
The Adventurers were the key to influencing the world. The nobles of the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' which her grandfather chaired also
knew this, and was attempting to recruit and use them in political and
military terms. The reason Raynesia gave her speech in the nobles
conference was because she could not stand their attitude and behavior.
Back then, she worked so hard as she wanted to protect her homeland
and not force the Adventurers to accept their willful and rude demands at
the same time.
In a sense, Raynesia's effort had borne fruits. With the kindness of the
Round Table Council and the sense of justice of the Adventurers, her
homeland Maihama and the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' was
saved.

After the war in Sand Leaf ended, the situation reverted back to the way it
was. No, with the Adventurers showing their might to the aristocrats, the
development that follows was much more concrete.
Adventurers didn't only show their military prowess, but also their
advanced technology, economy, and unity as well. With their display of
force, no nobles held any ambition of conquering Akiba and worked
towards deepening their relationship with the Adventurers in order to
increase their gain through taxes.
Raynesia had seen so many examples this month that it irritated her.
Raynesia took on the role of ambassador in Akiba under her grandfather's
orders... her position was something between confinement and martial arts
training. She was also the first residential ambassador from the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal' to coordinate relationships between the two
groups.
She often received invitations from the Round Table Council to attend
events like ceremonies, and would also participate in balls as a
noblewoman. Thanks to her perfect lady education, these gatherings were
nothing to her (even though they were troublesome), but the problems lay
elsewhere.
For example, clans who focused on business, which the Adventurers
called 'production guilds', would visit her and ask her opinion on business
matters. On the other hand, the merchants and nobles from the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal' would also ask her to introduce influential people
in Akiba to them.
She needed to investigate the details thoroughly before handling such
requests, or there would be trouble if she lost her reputation.
There would be no failures if she declined them all, but there were some
request she could not reject in the social world. Even if she came from the
most influential Dukedom in northeast Yamato, she was not the head of
the family, just a granddaughter, so not everything went the way she
wanted.
At the same time, she was amazed at the lack of schemes in the actions of
the Adventurers. In their eyes, Raynesia was a direct descendant of one of

the two Dukedoms in Yamato. Even if they were curious and treated her
with respect, they didn't think they had to grovel at her feet.
They approached Raynesia as a Person of the Land to understand how a
People of the Land might understand or feel about things, not to take
advantage of her position for their own benefit.
They probably saw themselves as powerful Adventurers, and even if
Raynesia was a noblewoman, she was just a Person of the Land in the
end. That was what Raynesia felt.
From Raynesia's angle, this made her sad.
She was happy that the crowd didn't treat her like an aristocrat and saw
her as another human being, but this joy and the pain were both sides of
the same coin.
She was happy to be a common Person of the Land, but it pained her that
she was a powerless noble.
(But, let's ignore this for now...)
This type of emotion was like a trap.
To fulfill the request, dignity and restriction of the nobles, she needed to
learn more about the Adventurers and Akiba. Not only her, the People of
the Land as a whole did not know much about the Adventurers, even the
nobles. They assumed they understood each other because they shared a
common language, but their lifestyle and culture had a major gap. In the
process of trading or helping, there would be conflicts if they didn't have
the minimum amount of knowledge, which had happened numerous time.
If she didn't advise the aristocrats and merchants this way and only help
with introducing Adventurers and production guilds to them, it would cause
major problems one day.
On the flip side, the problems with the Adventurers made Raynesia feel
gloomy. Adventurers were very practical and wanted practical information.
All the Adventurers were intelligent and educated, talking to them made
her feel she and her country were ignorant of so much.
(Because I am not with the military, because I am not a bureaucrat,
because I am not a man...)

Raynesia had not come into contact with the diplomatic issues facing her
Dukedom clan for various reasons, and she thought this was obvious. But
her conversations with the Adventurers made her realize she didn't even
know what the citizens on the street or the farmers were eating, where they
were living. What would interest them, what made them happy or sad.
It was acceptable if she didn't know about the Adventurers, but she didn't
know the lives and hearts of her citizens either, making Raynesia realize
what a shameful excuse of a noble she was.
In order to seriously deal with the requests of the nobles and the
Adventurers, she would need to amass a wealth of knowledge and
investigate them thoroughly. This made her so busy that the words '3
meals provided with afternoon nap included' had disappeared without a
trace.
"Woo wah... This is never ending."
The worse fact was there were no limits to this type of knowledge. Even if
thinking of a brilliant plan, advice or coordination, there was no guarantee
that it was the best way.
If she considered it, or investigated it even more, there might be an even
better idea. Or if planned more carefully, she might be able to avoid the
worse outcome. These doubts lingered on in the corner of her mind 24
hours a day, even Raynesia who admitted she was lazy by nature was
unable to cut corners.
Elissa lectured her when she collapsed with a fever after studying the
books too hard. She did not remember the content of her preachings, but it
was nice to have 3 days to recuperate.
"That's it, I'm not going to do anything!"
Raynesia enjoyed her lunch elegantly with her petite mouth.
Stewed vegetables, cold dishes and the brown object known as mini
hamburger steak. This was a lunch that mixed western and Japanese
styles.
From the perspective of aristocrats, the dishes packed inside the small box
were vulgar and shabby, but Raynesia liked it a lot. Even if the dining table

was full of roasted meat, stew meat and fried meat, she couldn't finish
them and preferred her bread and fruits as she smiled. Her appearance,
like this, had been described as delicate and ethereal which gave her a
headache.
Comparatively, this small takeaway lunch box was a calming meal for her.
The dishes after the revolution could not be compared to before, she
couldn't remember her pre-revolution diet anymore.
Pickles and the rice, which Adventurers liked to eat, intrigued her, and the
sweet omelette she loved were amazing. Raynesia carefully replaced the
cover on the box after finishing and placed the fork on top. She was still
trying to learn how to use the utensil chopsticks.
"May I have some tea Elissa?"
The room was cool and quiet.
Staying in this room like a bird in a nest and enjoying a meal without
anyone disturbing, what more extravagant things could she ask for?
Raynesia felt that there was nothing that could match this.
Maybe Raynesia thought she was enjoying a depraved moment. Having
been trained from youth, even though she was not wearing a 2-piece
velvet dress, she still could wear her clothes beautifully with a feeling of
class and grace. She might think she was showing the lazy side of herself,
but her casual dress made with linen and chiffon was still suitable for going
out in the eyes of the Adventurers.
Her beautiful looks, reputed as the winter rose of Eastal, were the same as
usual. Her casual clothes and her drowsy smile, as she ate, looked cute
and fit her age.
A certain naggy maid might say 'your dress and attitude are outrageous',
but Raynesia was determined not to let this 3 day recuperating period go
to waste.
She must do her best to be lazy, to make up for the lazing around she had
not done recently.
This was all the fault of the brain eating monster Krusty. She ended up like
this because the lying knight with slits for eyes conned her.

Raynesia picked up the tea placed in front of her table and felt the steam
with her face, thinking about how busy she had been. All her joints were
numbed from comfort, a deep sense of fulfillment from eating and sleeping
all she wanted.
Her sleep time had dropped recently and could only be described as cruel
torture.
"Really, I have been so busy all because of that mischievous monster... I
need to let him realize the difference in our power relationship some day."
Just as Raynesia sighed happily after enjoying the fragrance of her tea, a
voice that shouldn't be there sounded out.
"I am very aware of this relationship, so there is no need to trouble the
princess to teach me."
Krusty who was seated on the couch to Raynesia's right replied without
missing a beat.
His tunic that was dyed in layers of brown just like the autumn leaves
matched his black edged coat. His dressing was suitable for taking a stroll
with the feeling of autumn giving Krusty a refreshing image.
The burly knight with a broad and strong upper body akin to a giant warrior,
his strong limbs were long and well proportion. So if he walked on the
streets in casual clothes, it wouldn't give off the impression of a giant, the
contours of his face had the academic look of a scholar or researcher. His
appearance maintained a feeling of neatness and cleanliness with
absolutely no weak points to speak of. You couldn't find any even if you
tried.
The ominous atmosphere he gave off in the battle field made him look like
a giant warrior, but he looked so gentle and quiet on the streets, this was
definitely foul play.
Krusty appearing at an impossible timing made Raynesia repeatedly open
and close her mouth in objection.
"Ah, ah, ahah!"
"It's fine if you want to scream or fidget around, but you probably should
put this down."

Krusty said calmly as he took the ceramic tea cup from Raynesia's hands.
His calm attitude made Raynesia's blood rush to her head and her unable
to think properly.
"Why.... why!"
She was unable to collect her thoughts. (Why are you here? Who gave you
permission? Isn't barging into a lady's personal room (this was an office, so
this description was a bit wrong) outrageous?) The questions that came
along with her anger rose and disappeared repeatedly.
Raynesia escaped by crawling to the edge of her couch. She moved at
most a meter away. Considering the length of Krusty's arms, this was not
enough, but she would fall off if she went any further.
"What... What is the..."
"If you are asking about the time, it should be 10 soon."
"How did..."
"Elissa-san let me in without saying a word."
"Why, why, why did..."
"I heard you were recuperating, so I came here to harass you."
Raynesia was speechless.
(He said harass. This monster said he came here to harass me with a
straight face!)
"...ah."
"You say this is a prank?"
"Forgive my insolence. There were no other nobles around, so I bit my
tongue by mistake. I am here to visit princess Raynesia, who is busy with
work, and cheer you on."
Krusty was enjoying tea, from a similar teacup just like Raynesia's, as he
replied in a leisurely and calm way. These words seemed to be decorated
with lies and could not be trusted.
Raynesia maintained a defensive posture as she trembled
(psychologically) at the corner of the couch. She could hear Elissa warning

her in her mind, 'The princess of Maihama that is the pride of Eastal cannot
act so indecently', but even if Elissa said that to her face now, she wouldn't
know what to do.
"Anyway, the joke ends here."
"Eh..."
"... How is the Libra Festival?"
Krusty casually asked and Raynesia realized this was the real topic for
today.
Libra Festival was a festival that involved the whole Akiba city. Raynesia
knew this was a celebration of peace and prosperity for the city. They
would be displaying all kinds of items in the event to trade or sell. There
wouldn't be any religious rites for the spirits or gods. No matter how you
looked at it, it was just a normal city fair, much different from the festival
Raynesia knew about. But the common thing would be people
congregating together to have fun, at least that was what the report said.
The Libra Festival, where many Adventurers gathered to do business,
should attract a lot of People of the Land businessmen to visit. Raynesia
had already received such letters requesting Raynesia to introduce
Adventurers to them.
"Yes, it is fine."
"So busy, so exhausting, so much responsibility."
He read minds again. Raynesia was scared, but was gradually getting
used to it. She plead in her heart 'please don't do that' which was definitely
conveyed to him, but he didn't show any mercy.
But despite the feeling of fear, she enjoyed her time conversing with
Krusty. He was able to see through things that Raynesia found hard to say
or wished he would notice.
"I am... doing my work properly"
"Yes, probably."
Raynesia retaliated slightly, but he just brushed it off with a sentence.

Seemed like the mind reading monster could not tell how much effort
Raynesia put in and how difficult it was.
"..."
"What is it?"
"Nothing."
Raynesia turned her head away and adopted an ignoring attitude,
disregarding the gentleman with a look of boredom on her face. (This is an
act of attack. I will not be tempted by Krusty's sweet talk.) Raynesia
steeled herself as she averted her sideway gaze at Krusty away in a hurry.
Snorting was too rude, so she would not do that (she didn't remember ever
doing that).
"The preparation for the dinner party is going smoothly. Don't worry, I am
doing it properly."
Raynesia's words surprised Krusty. Seemed like he thought Raynesia was
useless. (If you think that, don't throw work at me okay?) Raynesia
thought.
"...Ahah, you mean the dinner party hosted by the princess?"
Seemed like he just forgot about it.
This monster was infuriating.
The dinner party on the 2nd night was organized by Raynesia. The
'organize' here meant being the figurehead, Raynesia was unable to help
in terms of preparation work and cooking duties.
Raynesia's duty was to attend this dinner party as the host and entertain
the guests, running the place as the host. Even this level of dinner party in
Akiba was simpler and less formal than many of the dinner parties
Raynesia attended before.
Adventurers disliked hypocritical etiquette.
This understanding had slowly changed in the month Raynesia had spent
in Akiba.

They didn't really dislike the etiquette, they just couldn't see the point in
them. Since there was no point they were unwilling to learn, so they didn't
have the knowledge of complicated etiquette.
Adventurers seriously lacked knowledge about this world and the People
of the Land society. Raynesia felt they were like babies in this aspect.
(But the feeling must be mutual...)
Raynesia thought.
Raynesia worked closer with the Adventurers than other People of the
Land, but when discussing among themselves, Raynesia was unable to
keep up with half of their topics. Firstly, she didn't understand their
technical terms so she didn't understand half of what they were saying.
The part she did understand baffled her as to why they had such
outrageous thoughts.
Adventurers did not even know the concept of nobles and peasants.
From the above example you could tell that both sides still had a long way
to go.
But they would be able to close this gap in the future.
At least Raynesia thought so.
The reason why it was a dinner party and not a banquet was based on the
same reason.
For banquets, the invited guests would be seated according to their status
for dinner. The host Raynesia would be in charge of all the activities
including dishes to welcome her guests.
The dinner party took a form that was unheard of by the People of the
Land, it looked like a banquet but was a different form of dining. There
would be all kinds of dishes that would be served to the table and
replenished periodically. There was no fixed seating for the guests and
they would stand and dine like a dance party.
The Round Table Council was the governing body and was very important,
but in order to be accepted by the Adventurers as friends, it was important

to interact with all sorts of people. Since the Adventurers did not like to
differentiate between nobles and peasants, she would need to treat them
all like nobles.
Raynesia requested the Round Table Council for help bearing this thought
in mind to organize this grand scale dinner party.
This was her way to show her sincerity, gratitude and appreciation for the
War of Sand Leaf.
The War of Sand Leaf 2 months ago still had lingering effects in this world,
but the mop up operation had finally concluded. Raynesia welcomed the
Libra Festival with this feeling in her heart.
Krusty was probably going to dump more work on her using some excuse,
but she would not be conned this time. Raynesia steeled herself as she
turned her head away.
She had finally been given some time of peace (as well as the delicious
food in Akiba), no matter what she wanted to avoid working or getting
involved in troublesome affairs.
But unexpectedly, Krusty did not mention any work (which always seemed
easy at a glance) or troublesome issues after a long time and just sipped
his tea quietly.
Time passed leisurely in the room.
(What is this monster thinking about...)
As Raynesia worried, the time continued to pass slowly.
The air that seemed to have a yawn mixed in came along with sleepiness.
The sound of the festival preparation was like the sound of the tides from
far away. The monotonous sound of the clock seemed like some evil magic
luring her to sleep.
Raynesia had planned on spending the whole day dazing so this was not a
problem. The couch was so soft and comfortable, she wanted to spend half
the day just like this. This part was going as planned, but the problem was
Krusty.
Even if Raynesia was a noble with an adventurous heart, she could not
keep on dazing beside a man.

Raynesia peeked quietly and carefully at Krusty, he had placed the teacup
on the table and was looking out the window at the street that seemed to
be melting in the autumn sunlight.
Such a handsome profile. The current Krusty didn't have the vicious and
murderous air he had while battling the goblins.
(Now that I think about it, he is a monster so he can see through all your
thoughts.)
Raynesia felt relaxed as if she had just exorcised a demon possessing her
heart.
Just a little.
About the distance of 2 palms.
Raynesia moved herself closer to the center of the couch.
The distance between the 2 closed just a little, but it was still enough for 2
Raynesias to sit between them.
Krusty shrugged without saying a word and continued to enjoy his tea on
the couch for a long time.

Part 4
"I finished stacking them!"
"Yeah, same here."
Cheerful voices sounded out, informing the merchant group they had
finished the preparation.
"Are you ready Rudy?"
"Roger Miss Isuzu."
Blond hair, blue eyes and a charming face, the handsome youth
Rundelhous replied to Isuzu as he tucked the map and small items into his
backpack.

Isuzu had already finished arranging her stuff, she just needed to stand up
and brush off the dust on her waist and she'd be done.
In this alternate world, outdoor activities really referred to the great
outdoors. 'Just a trip to the convenience shop'... such feelings didn't exist.
Even the inside of Akiba city was full of ruins and debris, it was a zone
where the ancient trees flourished so much that it was practically a forest.
Even more so when you left the city, the untamed nature and the circle of
human civilization came together in both conflict and fusion.
The fashion of the Adventurers was usually flashy and elegant, but this
was only under the premise of their superhuman stamina and their special
ability of automatic cleaning.[1]
Isuzu thought that neat freaks... like the girls who invested lots of effect in
fingernail painting, would have a very hard time here.
Fortunately Isuzu was not obsessed with cleanliness to that extent, she
was the type who didn't mind getting a bit dirty doing work.
Transporting music instruments was tough work, a long period of
performance took a lot of stamina. The wind instrument, which Isuzu was
not proficient in, needed a certain level of lung capacity to play, the
contrabass that Isuzu concentrated on was over 10kg in weight.
The brass band was a cultural organization, but it was more like a sports
group.
(On top of that, I was a country girl.)
She shrugged as she finished her monologue in her heart. There would be
toads croaking in the farm surrounding her school when spring arrived.
Isuzu was a bard with freckles on her face and had a pair of bright eyes.
She wore light leather armor and tied her long hair in a braid. She carried a
2 handed spear that was not suitable for bards on her back, that was her
fighting style.
It had been 3 months since she left the guild Hamelin that oppressed
beginners. She had grown accustomed to life as an Adventurer and was
living everyday peacefully.

So she did not feel any pressure even while resting in the forest like this.
She was fine with sitting on the tree trunk directly and would not fret about
dirtying her buttocks, she thought she was not that type of 'girl'.
Even so, Isuzu's partner still treated her like a 'girl'.
"Miss Isuzu? Here."
Just as Isuzu was about to mount the horse, Rundelhous offered to give a
hand and help push Isuzu up the horse. He then mounted his horse agilely
with a hearty attitude that was not annoying at all.
"What is it Miss Isuzu?"
The young man turning to look at Isuzu with a surprised expression was
Rundelhous Code.
He was a Person of the Land Adventurer. It sounded contradicting, but it
made him a special and unique person in this world.
Blond hair, blue eyes with classy facial features, just like the prince that
appeared in shoujo manga. With a hint of naive nature unique to the sons
of rich families, his eyes were full of pride and strength.
But he was overly classy which made Isuzu see him as 'a puppy youth that
looks like a golden retriever'. This youth had a lovable temperament.
"Is this really fine sir and lady Adventurers?"
"Yes, of course it's fine."
Isuzu replied.
The one asking was a Person of the Land leading a merchant caravan
towards Akiba. If they left now, they should arrive in the evening.
Isuzu and Rundelhous, who met this merchant caravan while going out in
the morning to train and farm monsters, were now escorting them to Akiba.
They were currently at 8 River Channels' High Coast, corresponding to
Keihin port near Tamagawa river on earth.

This zone could be reached in 2.5 hours using horses unique to the
Adventurers, a place Isuzu and Rundelhous loved to visit, although their
reasons differed.
Rundelhous who was uncompromising in training would practice by himself
on top of raiding with the members of his guild. Any place was fine if it was
meditation or practicing new spells repeatedly. But to increase his control
and accuracy, the most suitable sparring partner... were monsters.
Being close to Akiba and having monsters that you could solo made this
zone a perfect training ground. For Rundelhous, 8 River Channels' High
Coast was a convenient place to do self training.
For Isuzu, she liked this strolling route.
She and her brave dog... Rundelhous would choose all kinds of routes
when they went for their walk. But the route for 8 River Channels' High
Coast was along the coast line, it had beautiful scenery and you could
even see the ocean from here, a truly extravagant venue.
A one-way trip of 2 hours was rather far for a strolling route, but in this
period where everyone was busy preparing for the festival and battle
training was on hiatus, this was a good place to kill time.
... Isuzu did not forget their goal was to train the battle power of
Rundelhous and herself. The best defense in this dangerous world was to
level up.
You not only learned new skills when leveling up, your HP and all sort of
defenses would also increase.
The damage you took from a monster was not only based on their attack
strength, but also affected by its level difference with the player. Usually,
the higher the level difference against the monster, the less damage you
would take. If you trained through battle and levelled up, it meant you were
safer from harm.
Isuzu almost lost Rundelhous once.
She didn't want to experience that again.
So they went out early in the morning and started training (or strolling) for a
few hours before meeting this merchant caravan in the afternoon. It was a

convoy of 5 horse carriages with 20 People of the Land. They seemed to
have come from Izu and were heading to Akiba. The merchant caravan
claimed to have heard news about the Libra Festival and were going there
to sell their wares and purchase any goods that interested them.
Isuzu and Rundelhous discussed for a while.
In the wild open zone, there was a principle to the monsters they
encountered in different terrains. The monsters in deep forest and hills
were stronger than those outside, the closer you were to human
civilization, there were usually less powerful monsters as well. This zone
that was close to Akiba city was relatively safe.
But that was for Adventurers.
For the People of the Land, every journey was a series of dangerous
events. Isuzu understood this. She had listened to Rundelhous talk about
the People of the Land and knew how helpless their lives were in this world
full of monsters.
After a short debate, they decided to escort this caravan to Akiba. The
merchant caravan could make it to Akiba even without their escort, but
traveling merchants were always extra cautious.
This would only take half a day and they were just slowing their pace on
the way back. They could continue with their training while escorting the
convoy by taking out any monsters they encountered. Isuzu and
Rundelhous offered to help after considering these points.
The People of the Land were hesitant at first but gladly accepted when
they found out they just needed to treat them to a meal as reward.
(So they are hesitant about this part.)
Isuzu felt a bit sad, but decided not to brood about it since it couldn't be
helped.
In the eyes of the People of the Land, Adventurers were an existence that
was so close yet so far away. The People of the Land in Akiba were
accustomed to living with Adventurers, but for those living in the rural
areas, Adventurers were like alien beings. Rundelhous reminded Isuzu of
this point time and again.

The merchant caravan continued their advance along the gently undulating
slopes under the bright autumn sun. The noise the carriage made were
unexpectedly loud. The wooden carriage lacked cushions or shock
absorbents and reflected the uneven surface of the ground with its rattling
sound.
Just listening to this sound was enough to make you think it could fall apart
anytime, but it seemed to be ruggedly made. The carriage that had been
reinforced with steel bracing at all its crucial points moved slowly with its
full load of cargo.
"Mr Merchant, may I ask what are you carrying in the carriage?"
Rundelhous asked peacefully on their leisure journey home. The leader
sitting on the driver's seat was conversing with a young man in the cargo
compartment, but he looked out when he heard Rundelhous.
"Adventurer-san, our goods are mainly fruits such as oranges, kumquats,
and olives. We also brought some food seasoning and wine. We are
hoping to purchase clothes and utensils for our journey back."
"That explains the fragrance!"
Isuzu nodded repeatedly after hearing the response.
A fresh and sweet fragrance filled the air around the carriage. There were
less fresh fruit during this season, so this must be the smell of candied
fruits.
Adventurers were basically rich and generous compared to People of the
Land, so they were great customers for business.
"Correct, this is the glazed fruit we are proud of, I hope the people of Akiba
will enjoy them."
Rundelhous nodded to acknowledge the leader's business smile.
"Speaking of which, I have seen a lot of merchants these few days."
"Of course, it is the autumn festival after all!"
Isuzu thought about it after retorting to Rundelhous. Rundelhous was a
young man who was obsessed with improving himself and had been
working hard in battle magic training like an obligation. They made this
long trip today for training as well, but things could go wrong if Rundelhous

kept going on like this... Isuzu was worried. As the guardian of this silly,
stubborn, and straightforward young man, stopping his reckless ways was
Isuzu's duty.
(Rudy should have a bit of fun too!)
Since this was decided, the rest was simple.
Isuzu listed out some place she wanted to visit. Festival meant music,
music meant celebration. There were so many things she wanted to see
and so many things she wanted to eat. She wanted to attend the campfire
concert even if she had to drag Rundelhous there with a leash on his neck.
She heard that the concert also welcomed bards to join in onsite.
"Do any merchants travel by sea?"
"Yeah there are. Like the merchants of Ninetails recently."
"...Ah ah."
"Their situation has calmed down so it is safe to travel by ship. I heard the
merchants from the west this time will be coming via sea. With the
invention of the fairy ship, their speed is now much faster. But common
traders like us have nothing to do with these."
Isuzu concentrated on planning the schedule for the evening and didn't
notice the pained expression on Rundelhous' face. But she was not at fault
since Rundelhous showed the restraint of adolescence and wiped this
expression away in a blink of the eye, even the merchant talking to him
didn't feel anything out of place.
The scene of a grand explosion collapsing structures and leaving debris
described the south of Akiba perfectly. They would be able to see the
greenery of the ancient trees after passing through.
They were still several hours away from Akiba but they could see other
caravans or a lone businessman walking with goods strapped to his horse.
Everyone seemed to be rushing to Akiba.
Akiba was holding an autumn festival.
The 2 escorts remained alert as the caravan headed towards their home
city.

Part 5
"I have brought your laundry my lord."
The one pushing the door open with her back was Akatsuki.
(I still don't get our lord-ninja relationship.)
Shiroe thought as he helped her place the pile beside a table. Shiroe's
room was a spacious 20 tatami[2] wide area. The only good thing about the
guild house of Log Horizon was its vast amount of space. After remodeling
several times, a third of the space on the east side of the 2nd floor was
used by Shiroe.
A computer or even a flash drive amount of information in the old world
was equivalent to several cabinets of files in this world. No matter how you
organized them it was still inefficient to search for the data you wanted, but
this was the only way to collate information.
"You seem to be not well?"
Akatsuki gazed up from below surprising Shiroe. This petite and beautiful
girl was unaware of her own charms. She was always looking straight
ahead, so when Shiroe saw her big, black, and shiny eyes and lips that
sparkled alluringly like pudding face to face, his heart would race and his
emotions got awkward.
(And recently...)
There had even been signs before, but Akatsuki was getting better at
sneaking up on him. Maybe it was her small stature or her tracker and
assassin abilities, she was always appearing in surprising places when
Shiroe was distracted.
Without even stretching his hands, he could already feel her body warmth
just by bending a little. This distance made Shiroe uncomfortable, but
Akatsuki didn't seem to mind as she showed her concern for Shiroe like
some small animal.
"Not really."
"Is that so."

Akatsuki did not continue after responding and started folding the laundry
on the sofa. These were casual wear clothing that had dried after airing
them on the floor above.
The armors and robes that Adventurers equipped has a set durability. It
became dirty and worn out as it suffered damage, but it became as good
as new after repair by people with the corresponding subclass, so there
was no need to wash them.
But Adventurers and the People of the Land had recently started to
manually craft items by hand. These could become dirty and damaged but
could not be repaired using the game menu, so it needed to be washed
manually.
White shirts fluttering on the laundry line was not a bad sight. Doing
laundry was one of the more popular chores among Log Horizon members.
There were very few clothes.
They finished folding a short while later with them working together.
Akatsuki poured black rose tea into a glass and took out her snack of the
day, seemed like red bean bun. Bread was a staple food in Yamato since
wheat was grown everywhere. There was rice in Yamato as well, but bread
lasted longer without going bad after baking. With the advent of cooking
research, all kinds of bread started to appear in the market.
The new products were expensive at first, but the prices gradually dropped
after mass production kicked in. Since the consumers' habits didn't
change, this business phenomenon remained the same in this world.
The price of this plain looking red bean bread had fallen a lot, but it was
still expensive for a snack. Holding a bun with her left hand, Akatsuki
handed the plate with the remaining bun over to Shiroe.
"Is it fine?"
"My treat, I hope my lord will appreciate it."
Akatsuki replied curtly, Shiroe was not sure how to react to her invitation.
Shiroe hadn't been out to the field lately as he was busy with administrative
work for the Round Table Council. Akatsuki who had been training with
Minori and the other beginners out in the field had money to spare, so

Shiroe wasn't worried about the cost. But as a guild master and a young
man, letting a little girl (appearance wise) treat him felt awkward.
Shiroe also felt this was a childish pride, but it was an emotional problem
so it couldn't be helped that he showed some hesitation. But it would look
bad if he declined out of pride so Shiroe accepted the bun with gratitude.
Akatsuki started eating her share as Shiroe took the plate. The 2 of them
sat side-by-side on the sofa relaxing their feet and enjoying the sweet red
bean paste.
"..."
"What is it Akatsuki?"
"Eh, that..."
Akatsuki eyes wandered around the room as she thought about how to say
this.
"My lord, do you..."
"?"
"Have any plans for the festival?"
"Ah?"
Shiroe didn't know how to react to her question.
Henrietta did ask him to help with some things. And his guild members
might forget his face if he stayed in his office all the time.
"I will be helping Henrietta-san with some events. I heard it is a fashion
show... seems like she needs to visit several places."
"I see... I am not asking about that."
"?"
"Shiroe-san!"
Minori barged into the room, holding a brown paper bag carefully with both
hands. When she discovered Akatsuki was present, she braked and
stopped immediately.

The stammering Minori was wearing her favorite blouse with a big bow and
her knee length denim skirt. The girl wearing fashionable clothes found
commonly in the streets, answered Shiroe's questioning gaze after
hesitating a moment.
"Shiroe-san, that, regarding the Libra Festival tomorrow, do you want to go
out together?"
"Go out?"
"Wrong, I mean do you want to eat together?"
Minori handed him a flyer with bright words "All you can eat cakes" printed
on it. Shiroe didn't get it and turned to Akatsuki for an explanation. Akatsuki
gave a serious expression as she held an identical flyer in front of her
chest.
"Do you hate sweet things Shiroe-san?"
"No I don't."
"I can tell from the way you ate the red bean bun."
Shiroe preferred food with just the right amount of sweetness.
"Let's participate my lord, there is no charge for mixed gender pairs that
participate."
"Want to join this Shiroe-san? It's free okay? Free!"
According to the flyer, the rules for participating was 1 male and 1 female...
meaning mixed gender pairs, time limit was 45 minutes, it was free of
charge if you finished 8th place, and the top 2 couples could advance to
the official match.
(So 4 for 1 person...)
This amount should be a piece of cake, but Shiroe felt the 2 of them were
abnormally passionate about this. He must be imagining things, but there
seemed to be a bit of hostility between the 2 of them. Shiroe was
concerned about this, but for some reasons, he hesitated about asking
them directly.
(Ah, now that I think of it, in the past...)

Correct, it was the same in the past.
He recollected that it was the same in the Debauchery Tea Party. It was
always the female players who made willful demands with 'her' being the
biggest culprit. Shiroe sighed in his heart when he thought about this. If all
the women had the same nature (and that was highly possible), it would
not be wise to decline them.
"How about it Shiroe-san..."
"My lord, my lord!"
Shiroe could only raise his white flag and surrender when pressured by
these 2 young girls.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Isaac
Level: 90
Race: Human
Class: Guardian
HP: 14009
MP: 6768 <td>Equipment
Sword of Painblack
Phantasmal-class weapon which dropped from what was known as the
world's fastest Phantasmal-class drop from the "Rhadamanthys' Throne"
raid. Holds an ability coveted by Guardians where a fixed ratio of damage
received is reflected as Hate.
Named Guild Tags
Dog tags made in the shape of the Black Sword by craftsmen in Akiba after
the Catastrophe. Members who weren't logged in had one made too, Isaac
holds on to these.
Armor of Divine Flame
Phantasmal-class armor that requires both "Fantasy Crimson Metal" and
"Tatara Realm's God" quests to be cleared. Has high flame and cold
resistance, and sets various basic abilities to a higher level.

Chapter 2: Swallow and Starling
Part 1
Minori was at a loss in front of the wooden chest that stored her clothes.

This wouldn't do, that wasn't right either. She held each piece to her body
to look, but her frantic heart felt none of them would do. She didn't throw
the clothes aside but folded them neatly instead; this was just Minori's
style. Her mental state, however, was utter exhaustion.
Minori could participate in the cake-eating contest since Shiroe agreed, but
her aim wasn't the free cakes. This was all for Shiroe and Log Horizon.
(This one feels a bit childish, this one matches with Tohya.. that one is...
too plain... I'm not looking for working clothes!)
Minori folded the green overalls carefully.
This was her private room.
Having been forced to share a common room with many others during her
times in Hamelin, it still seemed too extravagant for her.
When she joined Log Horizon, she wanted to share a room with Tohya
since she didn't want to trouble the others. But Shiroe and Naotsugu said:
"The building is big so there is no need to hold back" and prepared this
private room for her.
It would be rude to compare her room in Hamelin to this room. The
breezes that flowed through the window were one of Minori's joys.
The decorations of the room were not luxurious. It was 10 tatami large
even though it was a private room and the floors and walls were made of
wood. There were few furniture items in this big room; only a few boxes, a
bed, and a coffee table.[3]
Since the guild acknowledged this to be her room, Minori could decorate it
in anyway she wanted. If she requested it, everyone would definitely help
her move her furniture and might craft something for her too. But Minori
was thrifty and humble by nature, so she was hesitating on buying
anything expensive.
Her income was quite luxurious for a mid-level player.
The reason for this was her living here and going out periodically to hunt
monsters. The main purpose of hunting was to train the teamwork of
Minori, Tohya, Rundelhous and Isuzu. Even if it was training, they still
received loot from defeating monsters.

Animal-type monsters leave meat or skins behind and intellectual-type
monsters drop equipment and valuable items. There were many rewards
from winning battles. These items were known collectively as 'drop items';
most of them could be exchanged for gold or used as crafting ingredients.
For Log Horizon, ingredients that either Nyanta and Shiroe could use as
chef or scribe would be stored, the rest would be sold for money.
They deposited large amounts of their earnings secretly to the guild
account. They didn't do this because someone suggested it, it was a habit
the youth group (the name the low-level members called themselves)
learned unconsciously as a way to show their appreciation.
But they couldn't do that when Naotsugu and Nyanta were leading them.
The money was split evenly to everyone. According to Nyanta, 'Receiving
the appropriate reward is how you develop professionalism nya~'. Minori
understood what he meant but she was unable to accept it.
It was the same with her comrades; they felt indebted to Shiroe and Log
Horizon.
This guild also had Nyanta the chef.
The biggest expenditure in Akiba currently was food.
Utility bills consisted of lamp oil and half the players could replace it with
their magic. Accommodation expenses, either the hotel room fee or the
guild hall rental fee, was surprisingly cheap. If one really needed to, there
were countless ruins for one to camp in.
So in Akiba, the bulk of the living expenses lay in eating, so the Engel's
Coefficient of the Adventurers was miserable.[4]
Most Adventurers spent half their income on food; the ratio was
comparable to housing in the old world.
But thanks to Nyanta cooking the meals, Log Horizon members could
avoid the money sink for the most part.
Even if Minori and the others deposited money into the guild account, it
didn't mean that they had no savings. Minori had accumulated quite a sum
of money.

So there was still room for further expenditure.
Furnishing her room was easy... but she needed to restrain herself too.
This world was originally a game, so there was a huge variety of items.
Take beds for instance. From simple wooden frames to beds carved from
ivory or obsidian, or a princess bed with a canopy like a piece of art, there
was a wide assortment of designs. Beds were crafted by production
subclass carpenters, but as they increased their levels, they would
continue to create higher-level and more difficult to make beds that they
could sell for a higher price. So while the same bed had different varieties,
the price might differ by a hundred-fold.
Very expensive items existed, but if you chose the cheaper variety,
furniture was not really expensive. This was something that was available
when Elder Tales was still a game, so it could be made in 10 seconds
using the game menu. The factor affecting price was the difficulty in getting
materials and the level of the craftsman. Time was not an issue.
Beds and wardrobes crafted using cedar or oak trees could be purchased
with gold equivalent to 1 meal.
But Minori only bought a few wooden chests for storage, a simple but
comfortable bed, a coffee table similar to a kotatsu, a futon set and some
cushions.
This room was very plain.
Minori's nature was not suitable for splurging.
And that was why Minori's dresses were all tailored, well-fitted, strong and
durable, and gave a clean and neat feeling when you walked by her in the
streets. It was not shabby or shameful to wear but... it was not
eye-catching enough.
(This won't do...)
Minori placed a light blue dress onto her body but it felt too childish. She
felt this dressing would not match well with Shiroe.
(I need to buy better dresses...)

Minori made up her mind and opened her small purse. The traditional style
purse belonged to Minori. When this world was still a game, money was
weightless and could only be seen on the character's screen. Now, they
had to be carried in wallets, which had become unexpectedly popular
items.
Minori's goal was to restore Shiroe's reputation.
Instead of restoring his reputation, it was more like making public
appearances and propagating his image.
To be honest, Shiroe's reputation was really bad in Akiba. Shiroe was one
of the eleven guild masters of the Round Table Council, so he was more
famous now.
The Round Table Council was set up according to Shiroe's plan. Those
who were well-informed in Akiba knew about this. The problem was not
about fame, but rather why he was famous.
Shiroe was a tactician-type character and everyone agreed with this. After
gaining the nickname 'Black Heart Glasses', however, the scheming and
merciless image had spread all over the city.
The crucial blow seemed to be Raynesia's speech.
Shiroe had looked like he was bullying Raynesia in that speech. Shiroe's
image had evolved into 'A competent but cold and merciless tactician'.
This made Minori sad.
Shiroe was a hero in Minori's eyes.
Nobody knew about the kind and gentle Shiroe. Minori believed there were
very few players who were as gentle as Shiroe.
Wasn't Shiroe the only one who tried to help the beginners confined by
Hamelin? No one but Shiroe was willing to step up and face the situation
that everyone else ignored.
Shiroe was a hero in Minori's heart.
Minori was sad that so many people misunderstood Shiroe. Logically, this
would also definitely leave a shadow on the future operation of the guild.

Log Horizon was one of the many small guilds in Akiba and there was no
telling what damage this negative image might cause.
At the very least, Minori knew Shiroe was kind and gentle. She liked
everyone in Log Horizon and this was now her home, so she wished to
dispel any bad rumors.
This festival was the chance.
Shiroe had to take some responsibility for the outside world's strange view
of him.
Shiroe who did planning and research work did not attend professional
gatherings like the production guild leaders. He also had no chance to
interact with other players like the battle guilds and go raiding.
Guild masters of major guilds treated advertising and recruitment as an
official guild activity, at least that was what Minori heard. Even players who
didn't like to interact with others would socialize without hesitation at public
events. The guild masters were usually friendly and serious players.
Comparatively, Shiroe didn't mind crowds but he rarely attended such
activities. He had been buried in his work recently and had been staying
indoors all the time.
So the source of the problem was that Shiroe didn't go out enough which
could be solved by introducing Shiroe to Akiba. Take the cake-eating
contest for example; if they won in the contest, they would be invited to the
large scale dinner party on the last night of the festival. She heard Akikuro
(Akiba news) would also be present, if everything went well...
Minori fantasized for a while but pulled herself back into reality.
(But, but, we will be eating cake together, so it will be a problem if I
dressed too plainly...)
Usually, the city would not change its perception of Shiroe unless he
solved a major problem or gave a moving speech. But Minori remained
optimistic.
(Shiroe-san is handsome so that is not an issue.)

She conveniently forgot that this was just her personal opinion. The
handsome Shiroe might just be the delusion of a young girl.
At this point, no one thought the truth behind Minori's feelings was a
problem.
No one could tell if this emotion was from the trust of a guardian or a faint
sense of longing, or something even more concrete.
Minori herself didn't give a name to this feeling in her heart.

Part 2
Akatsuki was aware of her symptoms.
She returned to her room like Minori and sat on the tatami silently like an
ornament, but her heart was in chaos.
Akatsuki looked very cute sitting properly on her cushion. Her long black
and lustrous hair that flowed behind her along with her petite body gave
the impression of a small, prestigious animal.[5]
No matter how small she was, she was still a college student. Her
knowledge definitely won over a middle-schooler. But being unable to say
she had more 'experience' made Akatsuki sad. She was aware of her lack
of experience which made her panic even more.
(Why must I feel pressure from a middle-schooler...)

Akatsuki writhed(?) in depression as she hugged her knees.
With her lack of experience in love and her unnecessary inferiority
complex, she was unable to keep calm in this situation. Her restraint had
not improved with age.
In the end, the culprit was her height.
Akatsuki sighed and recollected about the past while touching her hair
fringe.
Grade school was fine, she had looked her age.
Next, she became a middle-school girl that still looked like a grade-school
girl.
When she moved on to high school, she became a high-school girl that still
looked like a grade-school girl.
When she had become a college student, she was finally mistaken for a
middle-school girl, but she had lost all her strength and will to joke about it.
Akatsuki thought her looks were fine but she didn't have experience with
love. Men who approached her misunderstood something and harbored a
certain special interest. She had no expectations to date normally under
such an environment.
Someone confessed to her before.
(But that is...)
Akatsuki drooped her shoulders dishearteningly.
The year she was accepted into college, a middle-school boy who lived in
the neighborhood confessed to her, thinking she was a middle-school girl
from another zone. Of course, Akatsuki rejected him, but the impact was
so great that she collapsed from illness; it still left an ache in her heart.
Even then, it was not necessary for Akatsuki to get into a relationship. She
was interested in boy-girl relationships at her age, of course, but she had
not yet reached the point of 'Anyone will do, I want to try being in a
relationship'. She also felt foolish to hold such expectations without anyone
specific in mind.

Akatsuki wished for a more sensible relationship based on ability instead of
appearance. Akatsuki was treated more like a mascot wherever she went
because of her cute appearance and small stature. Even her younger
sister treated her like a junior sibling at home.
So she longed for a relationships of partners, comrades, or colleagues.
Being a subordinate or henchman was fine too; she longed for a
relationship that acknowledged each others' strengths and made up for
each others' weaknesses.
Because no one had ever treated her this way.
She was hard-working by nature and would focus tirelessly and sincerely
on whatever goal she set. But her efforts did not get the proper recognition
because of her cute appearance. That was the reason why she role-played
as a silent assassin in Elder Tales.
(But that was only until the Catastrophe.)
That terrible incident made everything change.
The only good thing that happened in that hellish and confusing event was
meeting Shiroe. After Shiroe, there was Naotsugu and Nyanta, as well as a
guild she now called home... Log Horizon.
Akatsuki made true friends for the first time in the Elder Tales that became
an alternate world. These were relationships that wouldn't ridicule or spoil
Akatsuki because of her height.
But she was still being treated like a mascot.
Her appearance was a part of her and wouldn't change in the future. This
could not be helped and she had accepted it now. Because she
understood strength, ability could be confirmed through 'sight' just like
appearance.
Just by simply checking the status screen, one could see strength clearly...
'level' was Akatsuki's gospel.
You could earn the respect of everyone simply by sincerely doing your part
in the team. There might be many horrifying or painful things in this world,
but Akatsuki thought this point was great.

Shiroe gifted her an 'Appearance Reset Potion' not long after the
Catastrophe happened so she addressed Shiroe as 'my lord' to express
her gratitude. She wanted her strength to be recognized and was willing to
take on the role of subordinate to prove herself.
She would not accept any thoughts of 'I will help you for free since you are
a little girl'.
But Shiroe was a 'lord' greater than she had realized. Shiroe was
generous, tactically brilliant, had foresight beyond her ability, and had the
strong will to choose the future. Akatsuki was very glad to be 'partners' with
Shiroe.
And if Shiroe had a weakness, it was his battle prowess.
Shiroe's attack was generally too weak to end battles. Akatsuki was able to
assist Shiroe on this point and Shiroe seemed to acknowledge her
pro-level performance.
As a person living in the modern world, Akatsuki was afraid of fighting
monsters to the death, but she had learned Kendo when she was young,
so this was an obstacle that she could tackle. Being acknowledged for the
ability to fight well was better than the shameful feeling of not getting
acknowledgement anywhere.
She might look like a fiercely loyal shinobi to others, but Akatsuki thought
there was a good reason and it matched her goal... But hiding her
bashfulness played a big part in it too.
It didn't take long for her feelings to grow deeper along with her trust. What
instigated it, when did it start, Akatsuki didn't know. She just felt a ticklish
and comfortable space in her heart when she was by Shiroe's side.
(So it started when we rode the griffon?)
Her expression relaxed as she recalled the feeling of riding the griffon.
The feeling of acceleration like you were in free-fall and the thrill that she
felt in the strong wind. Her feelings when she clung onto Shiroe's back or
stayed in his arms brought her immense excitement and comfort.
This might be the Suspension-Bridge Effect, but that was not important.
Akatsuki felt attracted to him.

She would feel happy just by staying by Shiroe's side, she was so
obsessed that she was seriously practicing hiding and walking silently.
Akatsuki found it hard to express this feeling in words; it was too
embarrassing to say it even in her heart. Simply put, she liked him.
Akatsuki was aware that their genders played a part in liking him.
From the way Akatsuki saw it, it would be fine even if she was not aware.
The 'partner' Akatsuki was searching for was someone who respected her
and would accept her as a companion. Even though she liked him, she
didn't need him to reciprocate the same way. More importantly, Akatsuki
found this comfortable feeling recently.
Like the flower she was nursing in her heart, like music without sound(?),
Akatsuki lived everyday filled with happiness as long as she held on to this
feeling.
But Minori appeared at this moment.
Akatsuki held nothing against Minori personally. Minori was serious, kind,
smart, and hardworking; there was nothing for her to pick on. Akatsuki
treated her like a good comrade and a cute junior. Akatsuki's depression
came from her own bad luck.
... Or rather good luck.
She got away from the prejudice of being treated like a middle-school girl
and met a nice group of companions who saw her as one of them. These
companions moved her heart. This was a good and fortunate thing.
Akatsuki could feel that these companions did not dislike her. This was a
joyful experience.
But her love rival that appeared was a real middle-school girl and it made
her wonder what were the causes and effects that led up to this.
(Woo... Am I really the standard-bearer for lolis...)
Akatsuki was tempted to throw her cushion out and use 'Assassinate'.
"Now that I think about it, this is not too bad...probably."

Akatsuki had an inferiority complex about her appearance. She was cute,
but that was the cuteness of a mascot, not as an object of love, correct?
Akatsuki was unable to wipe away her doubts. That was why it was
fortunate that Minori was her love rival. She was a real middle-school girl
so Akatsuki wouldn't lose in body figure. But still she seemed to be bound
to the middle-school girl category.
Akatsuki raised her head as she thought of this.
Akatsuki took out a similar flyer because she was provoked and her
competitive nature stirred. But that meant she needed to go on a date,
right? She needed to be totally prepared for this.
Akatsuki panicked suddenly and fidgeted distractedly on the cushion.
Since it was a date, she would need to dress up for it right? Impossible!
Akatsuki shook her head. It was really impossible in her situation, she only
had clothes that were as black as ink. She had some feminine dresses for
social events back on earth, but she only had dark colored costumes used
by Assassins in this Elder Tales world.
She had no need to improve her wardrobe seeing as she could perform
her duties as a ninja serving her lord, Shiroe, with no problems.
But it would be bad to go on a date in these clothes.
(Wait, how about the setting of a shinobi accompanying her lord on a
mission?)
Akatsuki nodded her head. Shiroe was eating free cakes and she was
tagging along officially as his bodyguard, this setting would work. Akatsuki
shook her head just as she was starting to relax. This setting was too
unreasonable no matter how you put it. And the one who proposed this out
of her competitive nature when Shiroe was in trouble was Akatsuki herself.
If she changed her stance tomorrow and said, 'Do you want to eat my lord?
I am your bodyguard', Shiroe would look at her with pitiful eyes. Shiroe
might even be disheartened and give up on her.
(Well then, I will need Henrietta's help...)

Akatsuki thought about that but was reluctant to do so. Even if she ignored
Henrietta's doting actions, the problem was her taste in clothes trended
towards young girls' fashion. It might be useful in other cases, but she
wouldn't stand a chance in winning against a real middle-school girl this
way.
In the end, it would be best to pick her own dress.
Akatsuki sprang up from the tatami as she thought of this.
The gentle rain covered Akiba like a mist, but the afternoon sun still shone
brightly.
There must be many fashionable handmade dresses she could buy in the
central square.

Part 3
An impetuous noisy atmosphere shrouded Akiba.
The Adventurers were rushing to complete the setup of their stalls for the
festival, but they were not the only ones who were busy.
Just like Akatsuki and Minori, people would want to do something when
there was a festival. Since this was a major event that encompassed the
whole of Akiba, not only the production guild players, but all the
Adventurers living in the city were involved. Wrong, even the People of the
Land were also helping with the preparations.
For example, chefs who wanted to cook special food that day would need
to gather resources, those organizing a banquet would need to buy
ingredients or fruits. With resources running low, visiting merchants had
become popular in the city. There was a significant increase in Adventurers
farming monsters for drop items while female Adventurers worried about
buying fashionable dresses just like Akatsuki.
The clearing of debris to widen the space in the city square was also
ongoing in concert with the festival preparation in Akiba, albeit less
passionately. The notice boards were updated with new official quests
announced by the Round Table Council everyday. The guilds would want
to revamp the outside of their building to welcome the festival with a
refreshing look, as expected of Japanese culture.

The specialized jobs of carpenters and furniture craftsmen increased as
well and the workshop would continue to be lively for the next few days.
The busiest group in Akiba was the 'Production Guild Liaison Committee'
and its central figure was Charasin, guild master of 8th District Shopping
Center.
Charasin cursed and swore: 'It's like I have been cursed from everywhere'.
But he continued to use telepathy to coordinate all the necessary tasks.
He enjoyed chatting and had many friends, but he did not expect the
telepathy calls to flood in like this. The endless enquirers bound him to the
room with no reprieve. This was all the fault of that glasses wearing young
man with nasty eyes.
Adventurers revered 8th District Shopping Center as one of the 3 major
production guilds, but the truth was a bit different.
8th District Shopping Center was not a production guild.
It was a chatting guild.
As seen from its name, it was a guild used for chatting. When the world
was still a game, some of the players played this game in order to chat with
others. They still went on adventures, collected and crafted items, but
these were just topics they used for conversations, chatting was their main
form of enjoyment in this game.
The period with the biggest crowd in Elder Tales was from 8pm to midnight
after dinner. Many players logged in during this time to chat leisurely with
their friends.
These chatty players were totally the opposite of gaming fan players who
enjoyed challenging raids.
The guild formed by these chatty players was 8th District Shopping Center.
Doing business was just a channel to talk about things, 8th District
Shopping Center started trading because it was interesting to interact with
customers.
Compared to The Rodrick Firm that collected phantasmal ingredients to
craft rare equipment, or the production guild Oceanic Systems that was

formed to deal with the Adventurers' need for ingredients, they had a
fundamental difference.
The position of the guild master also differed from Rodrick of The Rodrick
Firm and Michitaka of Oceanic Systems. Charasin was the head of a
congregation of merchants in 8th District Shopping Center, not a ruler
holding great authority. He might be the representative, the face dealing
with the outside, but although the members respected him, they didn't
swear their fealty to him.
But as the head and central figure of a chatting guild, his friend list had 980
names, barely safe from the system limit.
Charasin utilized this network to receive reports continuously.
"Yes, understood! I will inform Zhuge Liang-kun."
"Hmm? Ahah, that is too expensive right?"
"Wrong...You cannot... do... that. The Liaison Committee must not be
biased towards anyone, the position of the stalls will be decided by
drawing lots, we need to be firm about this."
Charasin changed his telepathy calls continuously as he made all sorts of
notes on the paper in front of him.
There was an enormous pile of planning reports and application forms, the
mess was larger than in Shiroe's room.
"Yo."
"Ah, Michitaka-san."
The burly man entering the room was Michitaka. Michitaka dropped the
scrolls of documents he was holding under his armpits on the table and
looked around the room.
"Hey hey hey, are you doing this alone?"
Charasin replied to Michitaka with a smile.

"This is expected, my organization that is akin to a gathering of individual
merchants will be interested in doing business in a festival of this scale, I
want to take part myself too."
"Aye, you are right."
Michitaka had a burning smell on him. He was a blacksmith who came
directly from his workshop. Oceanic Systems might be the biggest
production guild in Akiba, but their leader seemed to prefer crafting items
personally.
"For my side, it is like a shared workspace with the main focus of making
good items for sale, we are not proficient in trading and bargaining. I will
leave this part to you, but you should enjoy this exhibition like visiting a
festival as well."
There were several types of players who focused on production in
MMORPG. Players similar to Charasin who enjoyed chatting; players like
Michitaka who mass produced items in the workshop and enjoyed the
game like a crafting simulator; or collectors similar to Rodrick who gathered
unique and rare items.
The Libra Festival was closely related to all sorts of production players.
"Putting that aside, everything going well?"
"Nope, I have no clue. I can't do anything about the lack of manpower."
Charasin gestured behind him with an annoyed face.
There was an assortment of items stuffed into wooden boxes. There were
dozens of boxes and the stuff was piled up to the ceiling. These were all
sample items for the participants of the Libra Festival.
Charasin wanted to screen out any dangerous items by asking for
samples, but it ended in failure. The participants submitted tons of diverse
samples impossible for Charasin to screen through... Even 10 people
might not be able to do it in time.
"Ahah, looks like..."
"Impossible right?"

"Impossible."
Charasin and Michitaka nodded in agreement.
The burden was too heavy.
"Seems like this idea has to be scrapped. Can we leave it alone?"
"Guess that will have to do. Heavens, tomorrow will be hell on earth."
The brooding Charasin replied cheerfully. It had reached such a level at
this point of time, and this level was a sign of things to come. The Libra
Festival was expanding in a scale further than Charasin and Michitaka
could ever imagine.
Charasin and Michitaka could feel this obvious atmosphere.
The guild masters of the Round Table Council should be feeling it to some
extent. But the rate of growth was faster than anyone could expect.
Charasin who was at the heart of the Libra Festival... 'Production Guild
Liaison Committee' office, felt a sense of danger the night before the
festival.
But at this point of time, even Charasin was unable to detect the malicious
intent bearing concrete goals.

Part 4
Shiroe's battle record should be very impressive to others.
For instance, he provided tactical insight to a group of players that did not
form a guild, the Debauchery Tea Party, to be the fastest in the Japanese
server to complete the raid 'Fields of Dead Spirits'. For players who were in
the know, this record was highly regarded.
In famous raids like 'Rhadamanthys' Throne' or 'The Nine Great Prisons of
the Heilos', being the first to complete a raid with their small organization
made the Debauchery Tea Party a legend in a way.
Also, well informed people knew that the series of events that led to the
formation of the Round Table Council must be credited to Shiroe's effort.
His actions during crucial moments of large scale battles made the battle
record of tactician Shiroe even more splendid.

But that was what outsiders saw. For Shiroe himself, this was just a part of
countless battles. Shiroe had experienced battles that were small in scale
and pointless to recce in advance. If you included all these battles as well,
he didn't think his success rate was very high.
Shiroe didn't think highly of his tactician abilities.
(My success rate will probably drop today too.)
Shiroe had been feeling uneasy while trying to avoid attracting any
attention.
"Please don't daze off my lord."
"That's right Shiroe-san, it will be a pity since you are so handsome."
"Eh..."
"Hmmm. Should be... Very handsome right?"
"My lord is my lord, it doesn't matter if he is handsome."
But the reality was cruel.
The two young girls on both sides wouldn't allow Shiroe to maintain a low
profile.
On his right was a bright and cheerful young girl with a slender body that
was acting her age. She was Minori, a kannagi in Log Horizon.
She looked more feminine today, wearing a long denim skirt, white blouse,
and an apricot pink cardigan. She gave the image of a daughter from a rich
family, very suitable for Minori who liked to take care of people. Her black
hair that turned dark brown in the sunlight was tied with a black lace ribbon
which also looked cute.
Sitting to his left was an old friend of Shiroe. A self proclaimed ninja with an
uncanny sense of loyalty, Akatsuki. Akatsuki let her black hair, which
looked even more lustrous today, down behind her back, but gazed at
Shiroe in her usual serious manner.
Her dress was different from her usual pure black color. She was wearing
a light purple kimono complemented by a blue hakama on the bottom. The

young cat-like beauty Akatsuki suited this school-girl style dress
exceedingly well.
If you asked 100 people, all of them would agree that Akatsuki was a
beautiful young girl; Minori was also a girl that made you bright and happy
like a daughter. This was a double blessing.
But Shiroe sandwiched in between looked troubled.
He was unable to explain what happened or point out a clear reason, but
he felt as though he was sitting on pins and needles.
This was the center of Akiba, a cafe set up on a major junction. Shiroe was
sitting here by the invitation of these 2 girls.
Shiroe was guided by his cautious nature to find out more about this cake
eating contest in advance. There would be several rounds of preliminaries,
so he could participate with Akatsuki and Minori separately by entering at
different times.
But Shiroe was not interested in challenging this free contest twice. Even if
this was a festival, this action would be akin to a kid who ate all the food in
the sampling area correct? Shiroe came up with a plan while holding this
thought in mind.
Since Akatsuki and Minori both liked cake, it would be fine if all 3 of them
participated together. The rule was 8 pices for 2 people, so the 3 of them
should be fine with 12 pieces.
Fortunately the Round Table Council had met with the guild hosting this
cake contest, Danceteria, several times before. He remembered she was
on good terms with Henrietta and had the temperament of an artisan.
The guild master Kanako welcomed Shiroe warmly when he went to apply.
The reason she was receiving him with a smile was because Shiroe was a
member of the Round Table Council, that made things easier so Shiroe
made his request directly.
'There are 2 girls in my guild who want to join with me, can we change the
challenge to 12?' Something like this. Kanako was surprised at the
beginning and asked for the details with squinted eyes. It was not
something he should spread around, but there was no point in hiding it at
this point. Shiroe thought Log Horizon was a very open guild.

After explaining himself, the kind guild master agreed to the 3 of them
entering the contest. But her smile seemed to hold some hidden intention
that made Shiroe think something was not right. But since he got his way,
he could ignore such doubts. And thus Shiroe obtained the permission to
participate in the cake eating contest as a trio.
And so the 3 of them waited for the cakes to be served in the open-air
cafe, but Shiroe was feeling a slight tummy ache since morning.
He hadn't eaten anything yet, so this was not caused by the cakes.
Minori and Akatsuki usually got along well, but there was some tension in
the air around them. This should be one of the reasons.
'We can eat this together, so don't worry!' When Shiroe reported via
telepathy, leaving Minori aside, Akatsuki responded in a weird tone. Shiroe
thought it had something to do with shinobi loyalty, but he was not sure of
the actual reason.
On the other hand, Minori was all revved up. She had been chatting
cheerfully with Shiroe from the start, but her overly passionate and positive
attitude surprised Shiroe. Minori who was always so hardworking was
looking towards the cake so much just like a middle school girl and Shiroe
thought this was very cute.
But Akatsuki was fidgeting with her hakama and peeking at Shiroe
occasionally. She took out kunai and other throwing weapons out of
nowhere from time to time, so Shiroe had to keep an eye on her all the
time.
There were 20 couples seated around them chatting peacefully with smiles
on their faces.
The breeze got colder in the evening of October, the open-air cafe looked
so peaceful under the orange street lights. There was a bard somewhere
performing a pop song that was a bit old, the music came with the wind
and the nostalgic melody filled their ears.
Almost all the couples seated around were lovers, Shiroe thought
absentmindedly.

It had been 5 months since the Catastrophe. This was an alternate world,
there was enough time for 2 strangers to meet and fall in love.
One side of Shiroe's mind played the straight man and said: "Hey hey hey,
this has been a hectic 5 months, it is impossible to find the time in this time
of crisis!" but the opposition said: "No no no, it is because this is an
exciting and fantastic world, this is why the fire of love is burning bright in
young couples, right?"
Shiroe never had a girlfriend before or been in a relationship.
So he was unable to judge whether 'this situation is being in love', but on
the bright side, it was none of his business. Since they were happy, there
was no need to go too deeply into it. Shiroe made this conclusion.
Couples were an existence that made you smile and Shiroe didn't hate
them. He didn't like to talk about love experiences or giving love
consultations, but watching them from a distance gave him a warm feeling
in his heart. That was why Shiroe was looking at them distractedly.
"My lord, my lord!"
"Ah, eh, sorry. What is it Akatsuki?"
Shiroe turned to look at Akatsuki who was much more restless than usual.
She told him: "Your blank expression is not presentable."
Minori also chipped in: "Absolutely right, you need to go all out!" Shiroe
thought it was weird to go all-out in a cake-eating contest, but he
swallowed his words when he looked at Minori's serious face.
Seemed like Minori was all fired up.
Her pose of clenching her fists in front of her chest was cute, like a certain
comedy character. She said 'Let's do our best!' Her pretty face and serious
expression made her look more like she's acting mature than actually
trying to be an adult. Instead of being encouraged, Shiroe felt a warmth in
his heart.
It's a mystery.
"That..."

"Ehh."
"Akatsuki-senpai's kimono is so pretty."
Minori said these words as Shiroe was thinking of what to say. She
probably didn't meant to aid him, but she was a great help for coming up
with this conversation topic.
"It is very pretty. It's rare to see you in a kimono Akatsuki, did something
good happen?"
"It doesn't suit me?"
Akatsuki seemed troubled and was putting on a brave face at the same
time, causing both Minori and Shiroe to say 'No such thing'. The kimono
was light-purple adorned with bell flowers giving it a mature design, and fit
the petite Akatsuki so well it must be tailor-made. She was usually an
enigmatic beautiful young girl like some small animal, she looked more
stunning dressed in a kimono.
"Akatsuki-senpai looks good in a kimono."
"This is like a gra..."
"The word graduation ceremony is banned."[6]
"Eh..."
Akatsuki struck preemptively, leaving Shiroe speechless. Akatsuki glared
at Shiroe and whispered 'I will use my knee even if it is my lord.' But after
Minori and Shiroe repeatedly complimented her saying 'it really suits you
well', Akatsuki regained her calm mood and forgave Shiroe.
"Minori also looks good in this dress."
The middle-school girl blushed and smiled at Shiroe's compliment.
This get up seemed to be matched by Isuzu. Including where she bought
the blouse and cardigan, how much she spent and the advice Isuzu gave,
Minori explained in detail happily. Akatsuki who was tense all the while was
also getting interested and listened to her while holding Shiroe's sleeve.
Shiroe finally loosened up a bit at this scene.
(If women are involved, all preparations and tactics are unreliable.)

It was the same during his time in the Debauchery Tea Party. For instance
with Nazuna or Saki, any incident related to female Adventurers didn't end
well no matter how much homework or planning you did in advance.
But if it didn't cause too much commotion, the problem would resolve itself
like nothing ever happened. This was an incomprehensible and
unavoidable result from a tactician's view.
(But 'she' was different.)
Shiroe recollected.
'She' was the founder of the Debauchery Tea Party, sort of like the guild
master. Because the Debauchery Tea Party was a gathering of free
players and took care of themselves, it was not a guild and 'she' was not
an official guild master.
As Nyanta said 'Everyone knows what to do to build a comfortable home',
so in a sense there was no need for a guild master.
She was the unofficial leader because she was the most willful person in
the Debauchery Tea Party. In a sense, the Debauchery Tea Party was
dragged all over the place by her.
(This lady can say something stunning with a straight face such as wanting
to see the midnight sun in Iceland...)
'Her' willfulness was at the international level, causing Shiroe's battle
record to worsen. The result didn't flatten out or end up with nothing
conclusive, they usually ended up dead or on the edge of death. She once
led a volunteer group on an overseas server expedition, but lost a key item
preventing them from entering the Aurora zone, a really exhausting
experience. This was the start of Shiroe's life of hardships.
In contrast, Akatsuki's and Minori's request was much cuter. He could fulfill
their wishes if things went well. Shiroe thought.

Part 5
"Wah, it looks so delicious!"

The cakes were being served in front of Minori's wide eyes. They hadn't
reached Shiroe's table yet, but cute strawberry shortcakes had been
placed on several tables, the strawberries were bright and pretty.
The members of Danceteria humbly apologized their work was not up to
the standard of the dessert shops from the original world, but it didn't feel
this way at all. Both the appearance and the fragrance piqued their
appetite.
"My lord my lord, I am looking forward to it."
"So pretty, I am so excited!"
Shiroe who was stuck between the young girls was starting to feel a bit
better. This might be a hectic day, but he should be able to eat 4 slices
easily if they were this size. It should be the same for Minori and Akatsuki,
the 3 of them had no doubt they could finish easily.
The waitress served the cake to the tables, placing a variety of cakes
before each couple. It was finally time for Shiroe's table, the guild master
personally delivered the cakes on a silver tray with a big smile.
On the platter were 12 whole cakes. Strawberry, apricot, chocolate,
cheese, yogurt, black current, apple pie, and chestnut that was a little early
for the season.
12 cakes.
It was not in slices but whole cakes.
"?"
Minori made a surprised face while Akatsuki's expression was starting to
cramp up.
"This is..."
Shiroe asked with his gaze, the guild master of Danceteria replied with a
big smile.
"This is special service from our guild."
"Wait, this is a bit much..."
"This is our hearty service."

The guild master pushed down the doubts with her smile as she carefully
placed the cakes on the table. The first one was an apple pie. A People of
the Land waitress said 'Let me cut this into portions' and started to slice it.
The round pie was divided into 8 familiar triangle pieces, the perfect sizing
size.
The small table in the cafe couldn't hold all these cakes, a dining trolley
has been set up beside the table to hold the other cakes. 8 of them were
the same as the other contestants, but the other 4 were specially made for
them decorated with a candy figurines of a male between 2 females.
"Shiroe-san..."
"My lord..."
The 2 young girls looked at the slices of apple pie with a cramped
expression. The apple pie looked tasty and Shiroe was confident of eating
4 of them. If the girls acted like normal girls and shouted 'I can't eat
anymore', Shiroe was mentally prepared to eat one for each of them, a
total of 6 slices.
Shiroe knew from experience women who claimed to have a small appetite
were lying, but 'she' had educated him strictly that he had an obligation to
take it like a man.
But his limit was 5 or 6 slices. But being served the whole cake meant 8
times the amount. And the stunning number of cakes before him was a
psychological attack far worse than mere numbers.
"Anyway, let's start with 1 slice?"
Shiroe had no other intention other than to buy time when he said this, and
the 3 of them started to eat the apple pie. Delicious. The large amount of
apples used gave it a refreshing sweetness, the faint taste of cinnamon
soothed both mind and body. He finished one slice unceremoniously as he
immersed in the moistness and tenderness of the apples.
(I might be able to finish this...) As Shiroe was holding this sweet optimism,
the rest of the apple pie appeared right in front of him.
Akatsuki placed it there.
"Why?"

"This is my lord's portion."
"You said portion, but this is the whole thing!"
"Ah, I am sorry, I will cut it into slices!"
That's not the point. When Shiroe was stopping Akatsuki, Minori had
already stood up and was slicing the cake deftly with a knife. As Minori cut
with a serious expression, her hair with a black ribbon shook near Shiroe's
ears giving off a nice aroma.
(Ah ah, middle-school students are also girls...) As Shiroe thought about
this, murmurs of 'Kill yourself', 'Unforgivable lolicon', 'Die', Break your
glasses' could be heard from all over the cafe.
Akatsuki looked stunned. Shiroe shifted his gaze to her side and saw the
cakes were decorated with twisted words that seemed to be written with
the left hand. 'How sly to bring 2 girls', 'Die lolicon ❤', 'Two-timer' and other
such words were on the cakes.
(Ah...)
Shiroe finally understood the situation he was in.
Minefield.
The moment he understood, this phrase flashed across his mind. The 3 of
them were in a minefield set up by outsiders called 'misunderstanding'.
Shiroe's reputation was already bad, but he didn't want his 2 precious guild
mates to be discriminated against too.
(No good, this might affect the 2 of them. It is a shame to call me a
tactician like this... We need to stay low profile, quiet, and keep the
damage to a minimum. Retreat from the cafe and reorganize...)
Shiroe's mind was running at high speed trying to search of ways to
remedy the situation.
He didn't know how bad the misunderstanding was, how it came about and
what was their current status. In this state, even if he grasped the situation
he wouldn't be able to control it. Shiroe was unable to use his 'Full Control
Encounter' because of this. Akatsuki placed her fork in front of him.
"My lord, here."

On the fork was a cute bite-size portion of apple pie.
"For me?"
Akatsuki nodded. Shiroe almost burst out 'You want to push the rest to me
right!'. But under the stare of Akatsuki's black eyes, he was unable to
speak. Usually, Akatsuki didn't dress up, but she was wearing a bell flower
hair ornament today, making it even harder for Shiroe to talk.
Shiroe pouted to restrain his awkward mood. Akatsuki tilted her head with
a perplexed face as her right hand with the fork moved closer.
"Please eat, my lord."
Akatsuki fed him food this way, but it was a big problem for Shiroe.
Feeding someone with a fork was what was known in the world as 'Ah...
nh' action. He could tell from Akatsuki's serious face that she was doing
this with malicious intent, but the outsiders wouldn't be able to tell.
If this went on, he would gain the reputation of a lolicon.
If he stepped on this mine, not only would his leg be broken, his lower
body would be blown away. The stares from the surroundings were
stabbing at him painfully. This was an open-air cafe and the highlight of the
1st day of the festival, even the pedestrians would glance here from time to
time.
"Quick, or it will drop."
But this piece of pie had been forced in front of him, Shiroe could only
accept it. The giggles that erupted in the background and the pointing
fingers of the crowd appeared in Shiroe's mind. He just wanted to find a
hole and hide inside.
"Shiroe-san!"
He turned around to see Minori with sparkling eyes also feeding him a
piece of golden apple pie. Facing the pure and anticipating eyes of a girl 9
years his junior, even Shiroe didn't have the heart to turn her down.
(Aren't they a bit too dense for failing to read the situation? Now is the time
to retreat, this is becoming a public execution right?)

"Is it good?"
"It's delicious right, my lord?"
"Hold on, it is tasty... But now is not the time to discuss this."
Shiroe tried replying this way, but the other couples around him were
repeatedly doing the 'Ah... nh' action. Shiroe already had a faint feeling
about this, but he was devastated when he saw the truth.
Seemed like love was in the air of Akiba, more than he imagined.
The clear sounds of laughter was not directed at Shiroe, but the loving
whispers of infatuated couples. There was still room to redeem himself if
he explained it this way... Shiroe consoled himself, but this didn't resolve
the issue.
Reality was moving forward with the accumulation of each tiny step. It was
symbolized by the cakes piled high in front of him.

Part 6
Reality was not something you could overcome just because you had the
courage to challenge it. This was shown by the failure of Shiroe's table in
the contest. There was still a chance if the trio took on 12 slices of cake.
But 12 whole cakes was outrageous, it couldn't be done unless your
stomach was a Bag of Holding.
The 3 of them did their best, but their limit was 18 pieces, 2 cakes and a
quarter. Shiroe ate 9 of them, and he was feeling so bad he didn't want to
move.
The 3 who lost in the all-you-can-eat battle headed back to their guild
house depressed. It was not free since they did not finish, so Shiroe had to
pay for all 12 cakes.
The time was about 8pm.
Shiroe was resting on the 3rd floor balcony of their guild house. To be
precise, his tummy was so full he didn't want to move.

He planned to kill time by strolling around the festival after the contest, but
setting Minori and Akatsuki aside, Shiroe felt like the weight of the cakes
was pressing directly on his organs. Shiroe was tired and not in any
condition to walk around, so he could only return to the guild house.
According to the message on the dining hall blackboard, Nyanta and
Naotsugu went sightseeing in the festival, Isuzu and Rundelhous wrote
'Walking the dog', they must be out on a date.
Shiroe took a glimpse at the board and walked to the balcony to rest on the
cedar wood bench.
It could also be described as sinking.
The world would keep spinning at its own pace, it had been an unlucky day
for Shiroe.
(This is why doing my homework in advance is useless.)
Now that he thought about it, that was why the Danceteria guild master
was smiling so mysteriously. She had planned to attack with the whole
cakes from the start. Shiroe did show up with 2 girls, but they were not in
this sort of relationship, so there was no need for this level of jealousy.
(How did they calculate 12 whole cakes for the 3 of us... Ah, that's right.)
Shiroe had an inspiration and opened his telepathy, he was going to
recommend the cake contest to Soujirou. The open-air cafe would also be
running the free cake contest tomorrow, so Soujirou with his harem
constitution would be able to enjoy it to the fullest.
Soujirou on the other end of the call seemed to be participating in the
festival with his guild members to kill time. Shiroe could hear the faint
female voices when conversing with Soujirou, but he couldn't make out
what they were saying. Shiroe was used to it, but Soujirou was surrounded
by ladies right now.
Soujirou thanked Shiroe repeatedly for his recommendation. Shiroe didn't
feel any guilt despite Soujirou's straightforward attitude. Shiroe who
brought 2 members to the contest out of kindness was mistaken for being
a two-timer and was bombarded with cakes. So a real harem should
receive the appropriate treatment they deserved, Shiroe convinced himself
that way.

Shiroe ended the call and felt better having vented some of his frustration.
He leaned on the back of the bench relaxing his whole body and looked up
at the night sky.
The unique feature of Log Horizon's guild house was the tree that punched
through the floors and through the ceilings. The ancient tree spread its
branches over the whole building covering Shiroe's living space in its
shade.
It was the same for the balcony Shiroe was resting in, the branches
swayed gently in the wind like an extension of the roof.
It was probably because of the festival, the streets had more lights than
usual. The sun had set, but the orange glow from the shop lamps and the
streetlights shone on the pavement full of moss and the branches
decorated with ribbons, creating a fantastic atmosphere.
Log Horizon's guild house was modest in its decoration, but they still hung
up some green banners and orange ribbons as ornaments. This was
probably Minori and Tohya's style of making the place more festive.
(I have been neglecting my own guild recently...)
Shiroe thought about this after ending the call with Soujirou.
Usually, the most important duty of a guild master was running the guild
itself. Being on top of things, providing assistance to members doing
activities, planning and leading teams in operations, these were all part of
managing a guild.
But Log Horizon was different from other guilds.
First was their numbers. Log Horizon had 8 people, Elder Tales' standard
party size was 6, so they needed to leave 2 behind if they wanted to form a
team.
Also, the level gap between the Log Horizon members was big, and
divided into 2 groups. Shiroe, Naotsugu, Nyanta, and Akatsuki were the
senior level 90 team. Minori, Tohya, Rundelhous, and Isuzu were the junior
party around level 40.
It was hard to form a party with their level difference.

For normal guilds, they would divide themselves by level and operate
separately, this was the natural course of action.
But Log Horizon was full of veterans who liked to take care of others.
Thankfully, Naotsugu and the others didn't mind using the mentoring
system to match the junior party and fill up the party roster.
From the perspective of training, they were a talented bunch.
Nyanta was the ideal adult that was humorous and patient when guiding
the low level players. Protecting the low level players during their
adventures was the duty a guild master should take the lead in, but Nyanta
had done it on his behalf splendidly and was enjoying himself as well.
Naotsugu was also very suitable. He was not as refined as Nyanta,
suitable for leading a bigger group. When Crescent Moon Alliance brought
their beginners along to form 3 party expeditions, Naotsugu was the most
popular mentor for the other guild.
It was the same with Akatsuki, she was shy and not good with words, but
she didn't think of leading the beginners for training as a difficult chore.
When the beginners hunted monsters and returned triumphantly, they
would not see Akatsuki the entire time. But Akatsuki was protecting them
from the dark, stopping high-level monsters from ambushing them... She
was enjoying leading the party in her own way.
While other guilds needed the guild master to lead and plan the tasks and
operations of the group, Log Horizon members were able to do so in lieu of
their guild master. That was why Shiroe could deal with his Round Table
Council work.
Leaving the duties of guild master to others was harmless in terms of daily
operations, but it would affect the personal connections among guild
members.
Shiroe was the high-level member who spent the least amount of time with
the junior group. For example, he would make time to eat dinner with
everyone in the guild house to improve relations, but Shiroe could feel the
questioning looks from Rundelhous and Isuzu that said 'Is our guild master
a lazy bum who stays indoors all day?', and thought this needed to
change.

(In terms of the prestige of a guild master, I am not as good as Naotsugu
or Chief Nyanta... Even Soujirou is in control of his harem... correction, his
guild's operation.)
Shiroe felt a bit down. He did not think it was possible to live up to
everyone's expectations in performing his duties, even though this was the
result of everyone pitching in to help, but he still felt the need to spend
more time with his Log Horizon guild mates.
Shiroe thought this was the reason why Akatsuki and Minori forced him to
participate in this activity.
(This festival might be a good chance. For the Round Table Council... I
can't leave it alone, but I should take a break from it at a good stopping
point. I need to make more time to spend with everyone.)
"My lord."
"!"
Shiroe who was thinking about all this jumped at Akatsuki's voice from
close range.
"What is it Akatsuki?"
"Nothing, it's just that..."
Akatsuki was still wearing her glamorous clothes as she sat down quietly
beside Shiroe. The gentle breeze of October brushed across their faces
gently, bringing with it the leisurely sound of string instruments from the
city.
"I can hear music"
"Ah ah, hmmm... should be the '7th Marching Band', they have a
performance tonight."
"Is that so."
The petite Akatsuki sat on the bench and stretched her legs. Her legs hung
in the air even when sitting on this low bench. Her toes could be seen from
the opening of her deep blue hakama as she swayed her feet slightly.
Shiroe asked.

"It's somewhat quiet here."
"I am always quiet."
"That is true."
In this world without electric speakers, the volume of the sound was
dependent on the performers. The music that came with the wind had the
hint of a lively atmosphere, but it seemed so blurry and far away.
Shiroe glanced at Akatsuki.
In the chilly wind that gently touched her face, Akatsuki stared into the
distance as usual with an expression Shiroe could not see through.
"My lord."
"Hmmm?"
"My lord, that..."
"Hmmm."
Shiroe replied carefully to Akatsuki's every word. His petite friend might be
silent but she worried about various things. Shiroe understood her nature,
so he didn't rush her.
"Does my lord dislike cakes?"
"..."
Dislike cakes? It sounded like 'You can't finish them because you dislike
cake?', but Shiroe was not sure how to respond as well. Shiroe ate 9
slices, which he thought was a commendable effort, did he misunderstand
her?
"Still unhappy?"
"No way. Forget about that, I'm sorry. I recall it was the finals? We didn't
make it there."
"That is fine, I am not interested, Minori is."
"Is that so."

Shiroe was not sure why Minori was interested in an eating contest, but he
felt that she took the initiative to invite him because it was necessary.
Minori was 14, but she was a responsible and thoughtful young girl.
"But..."
"Hmmm?"
"Are you fine with just this amount of cake?"
Akatsuki turned and faced Shiroe, looking straight into his eyes. The dark
eyes on Akatsuki's petite face that left a deep impression were watery but
had no warmth. Being stared at by a beautiful young girl like her was
pressurizing.
"Ah?"
"Nothing really, just that you worked hard for the cake eating contest right?
Are you fine with just 3-4 slices?"
"I... I didn't enter the contest for the cakes."
"Is that so?"
"..."
"The conversation dries up whenever I am with my lord."
"Even if you say that... But Akatsuki, you don't talk much right?"
Akatsuki was not a chatty person.
Sometimes they ran out of things to say. Shiroe felt awkward about this in
the beginning and would try to talk about things, but he was now fine with
the silent Akatsuki. Whenever Shiroe was handling administrative work,
Akatsuki would erase her presence and stay in his room under the pretext
of being his bodyguard. Shiroe was teasing Akatsuki because her tone
was so cute, but the 2 of them only started bickering like this recently.
"That isn't true, I have lots of conversation topics."
"Then please provide one."
"Hmmm?"

"Provide a topic for us to talk about."
Akatsuki pouted in silence.
Her eyes shifted from side to side hesitantly.
She must be at a loss. As Shiroe was thinking that it was a mistake, the
hesitant Akatsuki spoke:
"I am happy with staying this way."
Akatsuki's mouth was trembling in a weird shape as her white and slender
fingertips touched Shiroe's forehead.
"You are happy with staying like this?"
Akatsuki nodded.
(Is this part of Akatsuki's shinobi-lord role play... I think I'm
misunderstanding something. Wrong, I wouldn't know since I don't watch
period dramas.)
"Is that so."
A gust of wind shook the branches in the night with a sound akin to the
rides.
The wind mixed with the silence in the green lushes. Shiroe raised his
head and looked at Akatsuki repeatedly poke at his head. Akatsuki pouted
and focused on stroking his forehead. Shiroe didn't understand the joy in
this, but happiness was subjective, so he felt there was no point in asking.
"Are you fine with staying this way?"
"This is an important duty to my lord."
"Is that so?"
Shiroe had spent a long time with Akatsuki now.
The chaos after the Catastrophe; many fights and battles; founding of the
Round Table Council; the political drama in the ancient palace;
conversation with Ri Gan; the battle of Choushi, and Rundelhous' revival.

Akatsuki had experienced all this by Shiroe's side without complaints.
Shiroe thought he only made it through these fights because of Akatsuki's
support.
Shiroe recalled all this as he continued to suffer the cute torture of the
beautiful young girl in a kimono.

Part 7
Unable to breathe.
The night air seemed to solidify in her chest while her blood seemed to
flow like mud noisily near her ears.
'...I am happy with staying this way.'
'...You are happy with staying like this?'
The gentle conversation lingered in her heart.
The young girl with black hair desperately hid her embarrassment as she
said tender words of love. The voice of the guild master seemed puzzled
but was still very gentle.
Minori's knees seemed to be disappearing like bubbles, as she endured
these feelings on her way to the kitchen. She was holding dandelion barley
tea on a tray in her hands. She wanted to bring it to the balcony for Shiroe,
but she was now walking subconsciously.
She could not stay there. She could not look at that scene.
Thousand of noises seemed to be sounding out in her head, everything
seemed so confusing to her. She seemed to be driven by her ethics and
had used up all her strength just leaving the scene.
The first was the sense of impact, the next was crushing confusion... Even
though there were no concrete problems, her heart was full of questions.
She wanted to ask, but didn't know who or what to ask.
Her confused emotions and her desire to seek help filled her chest. It
moved slowly to her abdomen evolving into a heavy and uncomfortable
feeling.

Minori returned to the kitchen subconsciously, placed the tray on the table,
and sat down on a chair. She didn't understand why she was so upset.
But she saw something between Shiroe and Akatsuki just now on the
balcony of the 3rd floor. She could see the special feelings Akatsuki had
for Shiroe on her face.
It was not visible from her actions but it was obvious. When Minori noticed
the love her senpai bore, it felt like she touched an open flame accidentally
and shrank back from the shock.
This shock made her run away to this refuge.
It was like a sandstorm went through her mind, blowing her thoughts into a
mess and she was unable to construct any specific questions as she sat.
Minori looked at the surface of the table not knowing what to do.
After a long while, the first thing that came to her mind was 'Akatsuki is in
love with Shiroe'.
(That's right, Akatsuki-san likes Shiroe-san.)
This was a simple truth.
Today was a sunny day.
After summer came autumn.
The guild house was shrouded in greenery.
Just like these things, it was clear, without doubt, a natural fact.
Even if it was obvious, when she thought about it in her heart, the shock
she felt just now returned, its noise nearly obscuring her awareness. The
facts constructed from these few short sentences broke down into words
and were chopped into pieces becoming a total mess. If you lost focus for
a moment, the thoughts and their meaning would fall apart.
Minori picked up the pieces of thoughts scattered on the floor and molded
it into a ball as she took several deep breaths.
From her chest to her abdomen, there was a feeling of discomfort, she
found it hard to breathe. She felt as though she had hypothermia, even her
heart felt like it was being squeezed.

In this anxious mood where she had difficulty breathing and felt as though
her chest was slowly being pierced from the back, Minori finally faced
another truth.
(I also... like Shiroe-san.)
The first time she acknowledged her feelings, it did not have the faint
fragrance of lemons.
It had the taste of burning metal just like her gloom and depression from
the start.
All of Minori's joints seemed to loosen as she trembled as if her bones
were going to fly off as she faced these unbearable emotions. The last time
she felt this crippling sense of helplessness was the night Tohya spent in
the hospital's intensive care unit.
She just sat down, but she felt like running and crying, it was so
uncomfortable restraining this impulse of hers. Growing up with her twin
brother and aiding him with his physical disabilities, Minori knew she was
calm, mature, and had a strong sense of responsibility.
But she didn't know about these strong feelings of hers that she couldn't
hold back.
... like Shiroe-san.
Her heart is shredded into pieces just thinking like this. Being too fearless
and not knowing her own limits. This is a pain caused by her fear of her
own arrogance.
But the fact is there is a sweet feeling hidden in this pain.
This sweetness is not the blissful feeling when imagining about being a
couple with Shiroe.
It is the temptation of touching your wounds to feel the warmth of your
flowing blood even though you know it hurts. The temptation of the painful
wound has a feeling of decadence and the sweet taste of the agony of her
first love.
...Minori cannot think of any reason why Shiroe will choose her, but she
can come out dozens and hundreds of reason why he won't choose her.

So this sweetness is just an anesthetic for Minori.
The difference in age, difference in ability, difference in practical skills,
difference in battle powers, her immaturity, unreliability, and lack of
potential. She looks plain compared to Akatsuki... Minori is simply a
common middle school girl you can find anywhere.
And for the first time, she realized the ugly side of herself.
When Akatsuki was touching Shiroe, a thought flashed in Minori's mind.
So crafty...
That place belongs to me.
This is not a reason, just a willful excuse. It is natural for Akatsuki to have
the freedom to like someone.
Even so, Minori still thinks this is 'so crafty' because somewhere in her
heart she thinks Shiroe belongs to her.
Shiroe who encouraged her when she was confined and suffering in the
darkness of Hamelin; Shiroe who freed her from her slavery; Shiroe who
she wants to emulate and his back she is chasing after. Minori has
determined Shiroe is 'mine' somewhere in her heart.
(I thought Shiroe-san was always going to be by my side... and be my
teacher forever.)
This thinking was too arrogant.
The superficial nature of her ugliness made Minori feel as if her organs
were full of mud. Like coal burning her from inside her skin, this agony
made Minori feel like rolling on the floor. But crying and screaming would
not ease the pain.
It was painful and annoying.
Minori was holding this feeling all this time, she felt dizzy just thinking
about it.
Especially thinking of Shiroe as her own belonging, she wanted to kill that
part of herself for thinking of something like this. Most importantly was her

failure to notice and discard these feelings, Minori was disappointed at her
arrogant subconscious self.
(I even thought that was crafty, I really... how...)
After a long while.
Minori endured this grinding psychological pain in the dark and kept
breathing. The air was still sticky and heavy, as uncomfortable as
breathing sand.
Minori didn't know how many hours passed as she faced the suffering in
her heart.
"Minori?"
Tohya came with a 'Bug Light Lamp' and it illuminated the kitchen. Minori
didn't notice until her twin was by her side, thinking it was an illusion as she
gazed dimly at Tohya.
"What is it Minori, why are you making such a face?"
Tohya took a handkerchief from his bag and wiped Minori's face roughly.
He pinched her nose with a handkerchief and shook it side to side. Minori
realized she was crying when she heard the sound of her runny nose.
"Tohya..."
"What is it?"
"Tohya."
"Hmmm?"
Tohya sat on a chair beside Minori and loosened his belt strap. His armor
and bag fell heavily to the floor. Tohya was the usual brother Minori was
proud of. Even though he was acting indifferently, she could still feel his
concern.
She just realized her arrogance a moment ago. Even though she had no
right to bear this feeling, no matter how much she cautioned herself, she
was unable to suppress this feeling of jealousy. The usual profile of her
brother's face soothed this jealous emotion slightly.

"Tohya, that, I..."
"Yeah."
"I think... I like Shiroe-san."
"That's right."
"Ah?"
"That's right, you like him."
Tohya tied his armor with his belt and replied without facing Minori, as
natural as talking about the weather.
"Eh? Eh eh? Why is your reaction like this?"
"Minori has always liked Shiroe-sensei, you just didn't realize it."
"Didn't realize?"
She didn't realize. She probably didn't. So she didn't realize... Minori's
feeling changed gears 3 times and sank deeper. According to Tohya, this
agony was also because she 'Didn't realize'. But even so, the feeling of
chewing sand had alleviated a bit with Tohya by her side.
"It's so troubling."
"Why?"
Minori's words made Tohya look her way for the first time. He looked more
mature than usual, shrouded in white light.
"You ask me why..."
"Don't you feel troubled Minori? It is not troubling, just painful right?"
Her heart jumped.
Those words stabbed into Minori's heart.
A feeling of being seen through.
Minori recalled Akatsuki extending her fingers gently.

She looked hesitant but unable to restrain herself as she touched Shiroe's
forehead with her fingertips. This made Minori aware of her jealousy.
It was an incorrect way of thinking but she was unable to suppress it, as
these ugly emotions kept on accumulating.
This bitterness and pain was unbearable.
But she could not leave it alone or throw it away. Minori realized her
feelings for Shiroe for the first time through this pain, these feelings
bloomed with a sweetness in her heart.
"Is it... okay?"
"You can't help it right?"
(I can't help it?) Minori wondered.
She was not searching for an excuse, she was attempting to find
something useful in the abyss of darkness and pain. She was digging
through the ugliness filled with mud, hunting for something that had not
been corrupted.
Minori imitated Shiroe's action and took a deep breath while listening to
sounds from far away.
(Shiroe-san...)
Minori recalled everything about Shiroe.
Shiroe's words and his eyes behind his round-frame glasses.
His cautious use of words when answering questions, how he looked when
explaining things with a map.
His slightly troubled face while adjusting his glasses.
His pout when he was putting on a brave face. His pale profile when he set
his mind on something.
His steely voice when he said 'Leave it to me'.
As Minori was tortured by confusion and pain, in the deserted plains of her
mind, only these memories were bright and vivid.

In order to not lie to these memories, in order to not betray these
memories. Minori was willing to give up all the other grey noise in
exchange.
From the kitchen, Minori and Tohya could hear the buzz from the city in the
distance akin to its breathing. After spending a long time in the swaying
shine of the bug light lamp, Minori nodded her head.
"You are right, there are no troubling feelings, only pain. That is it... I did
not lose anything or get anything wrong, or did anything at all... Yeah, I
haven't accomplished anything right?"
For the first time she realized her feelings were like a patel-colored candy.
In the darkness filled with crude signals and noise, the flames were
spreading like bleeding blood, so sharp that it cut you when you touched.
Minori was holding feelings that contrasted so strongly in her heart, but she
still managed to squeeze a smile for her twin brother. The tears on her
cheeks were still wet, but she didn't want to deny their existence.
Minori thought it was useless to hold on to these worries without doing
anything to remedy them. She gave up on thinking it would not have an
end if there was no beginning.
She was unable to repay Shiroe or catch up to him. The Minori like this
would of course be suffering in pain.
Minori spent the long night accompanied by Tohya.
This was the first night of tempering a strong blade, but Minori knew very
well that it was not the last.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Shiroe
Age: 23
Weapon: Prudence
Speciality: Making Proposal With Only One Choice
Birthday: November 23
Favorite Food: Saba Misoni <td>Equipment
Parka Jacket
A parka jacket made of cotton fabric. The parka resembles Shiroe's regular
everyday wear in the real world. Its somewhat large size gives off a
slovenly feel.
Rainbow Glass Ink Bottle
A Production-class item, the color of ink within the bottle can be changed.
A limited production rare item by the Painter guild "Atelier Armadillo" in
Akiba. The small guild exists due to Shiroe's assistance.
Long Kotatsu
A furniture-type item with the magical power to attract indoor gatherings.
This large six-seater is made-to-order. Recently, it seems to be used
regularly by the People of the Land.

Chapter 3: The Sorcerer's Apprentice
Part 1
The chilly autumn air gave the sky a cool and refreshing feeling. Akiba's
night sky was filled with twinkling stars as far as the eye could see.
The stars were brighter and more numerous in the world of Elder Tales
than in the original world. Whether it was due to the clean air here or the
game's aesthetic design, the nightscape of this alternate world was aglow
with stars.
On this night of the Libra Festival, Akiba was still buzzing with activity late
into the evening.
As Akiba was the primary city of Adventurers, its functions were extremely
specialized. Said functions encompassed the portal system, banks, guild
halls, cathedral, and the marketplace. When Elder Tales was still a game,
Adventurers only needed these five facilities to survive. In other words,
Akiba had no functions beyond these five. That is what it meant to be
'specialized.'
Before the Catastrophe, Akiba had lacked proper living quarters. While
places such as taverns and inns could be found within the city, they were
mostly included for decorative purposes, to give players the feeling of
being in an alternate fantasy world —— they were like to stage props
which were not truly usable.
But after the Catastrophe, Adventurers had set out to make the city truly
livable. For this to be accomplished, a number of facilities were required
just so they could remain within the city. The thriving restaurants were
some of the earliest changes. After them, all sorts of stores, private shops,
and services had opened as well.
While some of these enterprises were run by Adventurers, most were
either run jointly by Adventurers and People of the Land or had been
established by the People of the Land themselves.
There were several reasons for this, the biggest being the income gap.
Compared to People of the Land, Adventurers were capable of earning
more money in a shorter period of time. Just by grinding mobs, even a

mid-level Adventurer could earn more in one day than a Person of the
Land farmer could earn in a month.
Although the disparity in production ability was not as drastic as combat
ability, it was still significant. In the eyes of Adventurers, even a Person of
the Land hailed as a master of their craft would only be as skilled as an
Adventurer with a level sixty subclass.
Of course, regardless of whether you were a chef or a tailor, as long as
you reached level twenty, the product would be good enough for normal
consumption. A chef of this level was capable of making fresh-baked
breads, delicious soups, crispy fries, as well as chicken fried to a perfect
golden-brown. A tailor of this level could make comfortable shirts,
loose-fitting pants, coats dyed with bright colors, or leather vests.
People of the Land could also create these kinds of 'generic products.' As
a result, it was only natural that Adventurers would focus on tasks that only
Adventurers were capable of doing, leaving the more generic and
mundane tasks to the People of the Land.
After these changes, Akiba was incomparable to its limited 'in-game
version,' and now hosted a great multitude of shops and facilities.
Naturally, the population of the People of the Land also multiplied,
increasing in a geometric manner. This resulted in shops which were run
exclusively by People of the Land opening up one after another.
There was another reason for the growth of the city's People of the Land
population.
From the viewpoint of the Adventurers, this player city was just a
stronghold for them. Nearly all the Adventurers simply viewed this place as
a convenient staging ground, a point of departure. But this place held a
different meaning to the People of the Land.
Adventurers were completely different beings compared to the People of
the Land, having both superior combat abilities and immortal bodies. From
the viewpoint of the People of the Land, this player city was the pioneer
settlement for the Adventurers in this world.
Most of the People of the Land treated Adventurers with gratitude and
respect. While the large number of Adventurers who dealt with the various
wild beasts and monsters in the land of Yamato were considered a reliable

military force in this world, their strength also created a strong sense of
fear in the People. This fear was also directed towards the city which
housed their revival mechanism, the cathedral. It was possible that they
were more awed by this forbidding city than by the Adventurers
themselves.
The original People of the Land who lived in Akiba were a special type,
descended from ancestors who had lived in Akiba long ago. In a sense,
they were like priests or priestesses who served gods in shrines. These
special People of the Land performed various duties, such as being
merchants and operating banks.
However, the age of such fear had ended.
The Adventurers used their frightening strength to defeat goblins,
beastmen, and even various powerful monsters such as dragons, saving
the People of the Land's lives numerous times. Meanwhile, Adventurers
seemed to adhere to the temporary role of 'quest takers'. It was
commonnly thought that Adventurers could only form superficial
relationships with People of the Land.
But recently, the Adventurers and the People of the Land had signed an
agreement with each other.
The significance of the agreement signed between the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal' and the Round Table Council was definitely not small.
It signified the declaration of the Adventurers to the People of the Land,
that Adventurers were not just 'friendly passersby' but 'a part of this world'.
It also showed that the People of the Land accepted the Adventurers as
such.
Raynesia was sent to Akiba as a symbol of this agreement.
Raynesia did not just represent the nobles, she was also a living example
of a "People of the Land living in the Adventurers' city" to the masses.
Because of this reason, the population of People of the Land in Akiba
increased each day.
Originally, Akiba was a city strewn with the ruins of buildings. However,
after the People of the Land were included into Akiba's society, even this
streetscape started to change. The rubble was gradually cleared away, the
spooky abandoned buildings were also cleaned up.

Nearly all the Adventurers living in Akiba were Japanese.
In both a good and a bad sense, when these meddlesome people noticed
the People of the Land were busy clearing up the streets, they decided to
help out since they were bored and had nothing better to do. While working
together, they naturally started to converse, becoming familiar with each
other.
In the current Akiba, the number of Adventurers who employed People of
the Land increased greatly. Similarly, the number of People of the Land
doing business with Adventurers increased more than tenfold.
——The "Linguine", a tavern run by People of the Land.
This establishment, which normally had few customers, was packed to the
brim on the night of the first day of the Libra Festival.
"This is high quality tomato stew nya."
"It's delicious!"
Within this bustling establishment, two people were seated opposite each
other at the innermost table of the restaurant. They were consultants from
Log Horizon, Chief Nyanta to be exact, and the Crescent Moon Alliance
novices' caretaker, Serara, who herself was a beginner.
The place was filled with customers to the point that it was nearly
overflowing. Even though it was now October and the night air was chilly,
the interior of the store felt stifling even without the use of heaters.
Over the course of the past few days, many People of the Land came to
visit this city for the sake of the festival. All accommodations within the city
had been fully booked, even the temporary ones specifically set up for the
festival by the Round Table Council.
It was the same for restaurants, all of them were overflowing with
customers. Small eateries within the alleys were filled with both
Adventurers and People of the Land, toasting to the success of the
upcoming celebrations which would officially start the next day.
The new cooking method publicized by the Round Table Council spread
like wildfire throughout Yamato. Despite this, not many Adventurers or
People of the Land could utilize it. Due to skill restrictions, less than ten

percent of the population could be considered good at cooking. Using
limited ingredients, these people came up with new dishes daily.
Adventurers tended to try recreating normal Japanese food. In contrast,
the People of the Land, who had no prior experience, combed through
their existing repertoire of recipes, creating dishes which struck their fancy.
Although the method of preparation could be relatively simple, some stores
were extremely popular due to the rustic flavor of their dishes.
"Linguine" was one such place.
The dish known as Kanto-style Tomato-flavored Stew was the specialty of
this store. Adding the fact that it was currently happy hour, the tavern was
filled with a vulgar din. While it was rather inappropriate for young girls to
visit this sort of place, Serara was extremely pleased that she was able to
have a late dinner together with her favorite Nyanta. Even though the place
was packed, the thought that their knees were nearly touching under the
table made her both happy and flustered at the same time.
"Is Nyanta-san tired?"
"Not at all nyan."
Although Nyanta gave such a reply, it was as though he had a
superhuman performance that day. Crescent Moon Alliance had set up
several booths for the Libra Festival. It was not just for the returning
Crescent☪Moon kiosk, their tailors' sewing department would be selling
clothes and providing fitting services, their blacksmiths would also be
selling weapons with personalized engravings.
Crescent Moon Alliance was just a small guild, the size of its departments
was not more than five people. This time, Nyanta was acting as the
assistant instructor for the fitting department.
"Have I... done well?"
"You did well, Serara-cchi."
"I can't wait for tomorrow!"
"That's right nya~"
Passing a busy day together with Nyanta in this manner, having to spend
the whole day manning a booth come daybreak, Serara was filled with

anticipation and happiness as she thought about these. Given the
circumstances, it could be said that her anticipation came from "Being able
to spend the whole day manning a booth", or more accurately, "Being able
to spend the entire day with Nyanta".
Honestly speaking, Serara was able to sympathize with Isuzu when she
decided to leave Crescent Moon Alliance. Serara adored Nyanta from the
day she was rescued in Susukino. It would be a lie if she said she had not
considered doing the same to be with Nyanta.
However, Serara was in charge of looking after the beginners in Crescent
Moon Alliance. Unlike Isuzu who could start afresh after leaving Hamelin,
Serara had comrades who relied on her.
Serara had already apologized to Nyanta, after declining his offer to join
Log Horizon. She did not want this resolution of hers, which she treasured,
to be viewed as a hollow statement.
At that time, Nyanta only smiled and commented "Serara-cchi is an
amazing child nya." Nyanta the mature gentleman had always been a
warm person, however, he became much warmer after that... even
listening attentively to everything Serara had to say. Hence Serara was
extremely content despite her conflicting interests.
The delicious stewed tomatoes with seafood and vegetables were
refreshing yet faintly sweet. Like the stew, the orange juice with added ice
was very good. Chatting with Nyanta was also delightful. Serara embraced
these happy feelings as she had her meal.
Suddenly, the sharp noise of something breaking was heard, silencing the
clamor of the store for a moment. It seemed that a waitress had dropped a
plate. The tavern's famous tomato stew was spilled onto the floor, dyeing
the stone with red geometric patterns.
A white plate lay shattered on the floor. This was a relatively common
occurrence in the restaurant. However, just as the clientele were about to
resume their normal activity, they were interrupted by the sound of
violence.
Serara looked up from the table in time to witness a waitress falling to the
ground. A man was towering over her.

"Don't joke with me! How are you going to deal with this since it's been
stained like this?"
The man roared indignantly.
Serara quickly checked their descriptions and noted that both of them were
probably People of the Land since their job descriptions did not match any
of the Adventurer classes. In addition, the young man wore expensive
clothes. The man who seemed to be a noble chastened the waitress for
her negligence in a disgruntled manner, remarking that a lowly waitress
like her could not possibly afford to compensate him.
The silence within the establishment seemed to encourage the man. He
began to criticize the tavern in a haughty manner, commenting on how
small, dirty, and noisy the place was, how this establishment lacked taste.
He scoffed at how it didn't live up to its reputation even after he had
bothered to go there himself. He went on and on about the tavern's various
shortcomings in a loud and garish manner.
Serara felt a sense of distaste.
She had been enjoying her meal.
The food here was delicious. While it was indeed rather noisy, this sort of
ambiance was not a bad thing. In truth, did it not seem that everybody here
enjoyed themselves? This place was simply the way it was. Whether you
liked it or not, there was no reason to disturb the dining experience of other
people, Serara thought to herself.
"Is this guy an idiot?"
Somebody whispered.
This man was mistaken. This place was not this man's——most likely a
noble——usual eating place nor a restaurant exclusive to high society.
Rather, it was an "alleyway restaurant" famous for its delicious pot of
tomato stew.
He was also mistaken about another fact. The clientele was not
speechless because they were intimidated by his status or authority. They
were simply stunned by the sheer foolishness of his actions.
"Who is it! Who insulted me just now!"

In response to the man's shrill cries of indignation, three Adventurers rose
from their seats. Feeling threatened, a People of the Land warrior who
looked like the man's guard also stood up. This sudden development
caused the atmosphere within the establishment to be filled with tension.
"Nyanta-san..."
Serara cried out as she huddled in her seat.
It was not out of fear. Serara had taken part in the battle at Sand Leaf
peninsula and had even been involved in its worst part, the defense of
Choushi. She was a qualified Adventurer who had also fought against
undead creatures and monsters. Hence in terms of fighting, the level of
danger at the present moment was not frightening to her. However, the
tension resulting from people's conflicting emotions and the tension of the
battlefield were two completely different things. Seeing her wish to get
along with everybody being trampled upon in this manner, Serara felt as
though she was being swallowed by an indescribable, oppressive
atmosphere.
"No need to worry nya."
As Nyanta turned to leave, he grabbed the young nobleman by the scruff
of his neck at the same time, in the same manner as how one would grab
hold of a cat. The young man was stupefied at being held in this manner.
"Don't cause a commotion nya. This is a place for people to enjoy dining
nya."
"Shut your mouth, commoner!"
"Yours truly is an Adventurer nya."
Nyanta's response caused the man to be at a loss for words. A flustered
look appeared on his face. Indeed, even if the number of People of the
Land had increased in the city, this was still Akiba where more than half
the residents were Adventurers.
With great difficulty, the man made a neutral expression. He had probably
forgotten this fact.
"This concerns you even less in that case!"
"Ooo~"

"This is a private matter amongst People of the Land. There are
differences in social status among us People of the Land. Since this matter
does not concern you Adventurers, please don't butt in. I have no wish to
start a dispute with you people."
"Oh~ It doesn't seem that way to me."
"But you behaved in such an outrageous manner within this establishment
which we frequent regularly eh?"
The three people who had came forward from the depths of the tavern
were indeed Adventurers. One of them performed a healing spell on the
young waitress.
The nobleman's guard appeared uneasy. He licked his lips nervously,
looking around warily.
The disparity in strength between the two groups was evident just by
glancing at their equipment. This would not have been the case if he was a
member of the Knights of Izumo or a knight serving a lord or even another
high-level Adventurer. However being a guard of such a trashy noble, he
was only around level ten or so.
As far as Serara could tell, this particular guard was only good for
decoration.
"Young master, it would probably be better if you..."
"This is Akiba nyan. Akiba has its own rules and regulations nya, don't
cause a commotion here nya. "
Nyanta walked towards the entrance, interrupting the guard. At first, it
seemed as though the young nobleman was going to throw a tantrum;
however, the fact that the tall and slender Nyanta could effortlessly carry
him with one hand despite looking middle-aged caused him to open and
close his mouth wordlessly. When Nyanta reached the door, he swung the
young man in front of him with ease.
"Don't worry about the bill nya! Consider it my treat this time nya. Since
today's a celebration, it's better to enjoy yourself instead of going around
starting fights nya."
The guard shouted "young master, young master" repeatedly in a panicked
voice as Nyanta proceeded to throw the young nobleman out the door.

The city guard of Akiba would not react over this small an incident. It was
common knowledge that as long as there were no weapons drawn or any
physical injury inflicted, the guards would not treat it seriously.
"Nyanta-san..."
"Don't worry, don't worry, just continue to enjoy your meal nya~"
Serara sighed in relief after hearing these warm words from Nyanta.
Soon, the hustle and bustle of the tavern resumed as the tense
atmosphere dissipated. The waitress went about issuing apologies to the
other customers. Receiving replies such as "No need to worry" and "It
couldn't be helped", the girl's face was flushed with embarrassment as she
gave her thanks.
"That incident just now was certainly unexpected though."
"That's because the People of the Land have changed drastically nya.
Furthermore, since today is a festival, this city will be filled with people who
are unfamiliar with it nya."
Nyanta took a finely cut piece of bread and ate it in one large bite after
dipping it in tomato sauce.
"The People of the Land seem to have an aristocratic society nya, they
would probably be shocked after seeing how things are in Akiba nya."
Why would they be shocked... Serara was stumped.
Serara had almost never lived anywhere outside of Akiba. She had lived in
Susukino for only a short period of time and was unfamiliar with its urban
atmosphere, as she had spent that time hiding in Nyanta's residence.
Therefore, she was completely ignorant of the culture and habits of People
of the Land towns. Serara felt that it would be tragic if the discrimination
and abuse she saw were common practices among their nobility.
However, People of the Land were a part of this world. They had the right
to freely promote their own culture and lifestyle. Nyanta had mentioned this
to Serara before. At that time she had not understood the true significance
of those words.
"However, this city is ours nya. You need to follow its customs; good food
should be eaten with a smile, the fun and entertainment of festivals should

be enjoyed nya... When it looks as though conflict is inevitable, people just
need to be careful and it should be fine nya."
Serara sighed in relief after Nyanta finished speaking, nodding her head in
agreement.
While this festival was for Adventurers such as Serara, it was also the first
time an activity had been organized with the People of the Land in mind.
While situations such as the one before might arise in the future, there was
no reason for them to turn back, this was a necessary transition. Serara
came to this conclusion by herself.
The hustle and bustle resumed and the tavern recovered its warm
ambiance once again. While this small storm might have left an impact on
people, it did not dampen the hearts of the Adventurers. If such a small
incident affected them, they would be unable to survive in this alternate
world.
Akiba's Adventurers had faced many trials and tribulations over the past
five months.
Hence, there should not be any problems. Serara relaxed and smiled at
Nyanta.

Part 2
On the same night, at a different location, a different pair was working,
wallowing in dejection from the amount of work they had to finish.
They were the beautiful duo leading the Crescent Moon Alliance, Maryele
and Henrietta. They were constantly giving instructions in preparation for
the temporary shop's opening and fashion show the next day.
Crescent Moon Alliance presently had sixty five members. Although the
Hamelin incident increased their numbers, it was still moderately-sized and
definitely did not have the manpower to set up stands in the same manner
as the three large-scale production guilds.
Then again, it was a little-known fact that this festival was the suggestion of
the medium and small guilds.
New ideas did not just come from the large guilds. As long as an artisan
with enough skill had inspiration, he or she could come up with all sorts of

new products. This was the current Akiba. If such emergent products came
from the large guilds, they would be publicized and spread by these large
guilds. But if the artisan came from one of the smaller guilds, it would be
harder to do the same.
Such points were given much consideration and formed the basis of this
Libra Festival.
In other words, by attracting participants and customers in the name of the
Libra Festival, not only the booths of the small and medium guilds, but
even new products could get exposure and popularity from both
Adventurer and People of the Land merchants.
Crescent Moon Alliance had been hoping for such an outcome when they
registered their booths.
However, what was truly motivating them was plain and simple
enthusiasm. Both Maryele and Henrietta worked long hours simply
because they hoped to enjoy the cultural festival-like atmosphere. Even
though that was the case, they were not going to totally neglect the issue
of profits while having fun.
Currently in Akiba, the small and medium guilds had an opportunity to
make a fortune. The small-scale guilds led by Crescent Moon Alliance
were all looking forward to this.
Daybreak was just moments away.
The exhausted members of the Crescent Moon Alliance had probably
collapsed around various parts of the guild hall. In the center of the room
which the duo were in, there was a table big enough to play ping-pong on
with wooden crates piled to its side. Due to the ample space of the new
guild hall, it was possible to partition the workspace in such a manner.
After stuffing a shirt which had been dyed with plant dyes into a wooden
crate, Maryele stretched and took a deep breath, then began talking with
Henrietta.
"I say, shall we finish up?"
"Agreed."

At the other end of the table, Henrietta was examining a modest number of
documents. After recording figures on the tally next to her, she attached
them to crates.
"Let's end here."
After hearing these words, Maryele gave a long sigh.
The grand opening of the Libra Festival was scheduled the next day.
In Akiba, there were two main roads which ran perpendicular to each other,
dividing the city into four quarters. The liaison committee allowed stores to
set up shop along these streets based on ballot results. Crescent Moon
Alliance had managed to obtain one such store. It was a small booth
located at the central junction where they planned to revive
Crescent☪Moon. Returning after a long absence, Crescent Burgers would
obviously be sold at a substantial discount this time around.
"At that time, the price was akin to robbery."
"It was robbery indeed."
The two who were exhausted from packing continued their dialogue with
drained expressions.
Even though "the confident, beautiful and big breasted, Kansai-ben guild
leader" Maryele and "the bespectacled, confident onee-sama who you
wished would scold you" Henrietta were the pride of the Crescent Moon
Alliance, they were lazing around the office as it was just the two of them.
In this manner, they were indistinguishable from any other female
Adventurer.
Henrietta felt as though she would doze off if they continued like this. She
shook her partner by the shoulders shouting "Marie, pull yourself together."
But Maryele was not a disciplined person by nature and even though she
nodded repeatedly in acknowledgement, she was totally wasted.
Henrietta gave up and assisted Maryele onto the sofa. Maryele looked as
though she had taken root there. "If you feel like sleeping, go sleep on your
bed." However, she insisted on wanting to take a bath first, stretching
Henrietta's patience to its limit.
"If you feel like bathing, why don't you go ahead and do so?"

"I'll rest a bit~ my HP is critical."
"Your HP bar is completely within the green safe zone. Even if it weren't,
can't you just heal yourself?"
The bodies of Adventurers had excellent physical characteristics. Even for
Henrietta who was a Bard, the exertion of packing for ten hours straight
was no different from light exercise. She was still far from the point of
collapse.
Even though Maryele said and looked like she was physically exhausted,
Henrietta suspected that it was just mental fatigue.
"Lemme rest a while!"
Henrietta gave a deep sigh at her shameless friend and sat beside her.
"Marie, what's the matter?"
"Nothing."
"Don't try to lie to me."
Henrietta shrugged. Maryele was too cute, so she lost the motivation to
make a witty comeback.
She could roughly guess the reason why Maryele was being so
troublesome.
It probably had something to do with a certain topic of entertainment which
had come up repeatedly over the past month.
Henrietta accessed the in-game menu and cursor mentally.
"——Yes, it's me. Yes, that's correct... No, sorry for troubling you since it's
already this late. Hence it's been like this ever since, that's right."
Henrietta seemed to be talking to the empty air after calling someone
through telepathy. As she was receiving the other party's voice directly in
her ear, it looked as though she was talking to herself. Regardless of that,
this form of magical communication could be used to communicate with
faraway friends.

Maryele was aware of this fact, so she was not worried about her friend's
mental health. Instead, a look of seriousness replaced her absent-minded
expression and she began to panic.
"Henrietta? Who is it? Who are you talking to?"
"Ahahaha. Indeed, indeed, it's as you say, I can't stand it, lazy to the point
of being insufferable. Marie is acting in a troublesome manner again and
it's really cute--when she does that she even jiggles her breasts!"
"Who is it! Who are you talking tooo~!"
"Marie, I'm talking using telepathy, can you quiet down a bit?"
"You're obviously talking about me, how do you expect me to be quiet!"
Maryele grabbed the smirking Henrietta by her shoulders and shook her.
However, Henrietta was experienced enough to deal with such a situation,
having known her for such a long time. Using her pale and slender fingers,
Henrietta tickled her behind her ears, mercilessly pushing her away before
pinning her to the couch.
"Yeah, that's right. The merchandise is piling up, I hope that Naotsugu-san
can help out—— indeed, Marie will also be happy."
The mention of "Naotsugu" caused Maryele's body to shrink. Henrietta
continued her telepathic conversation leisurely, completely ignoring
Maryele.
"Sorry to trouble you. Okay, okay... see you some other time."
Henrietta had a bright smile on her face. She noticed Maryele pouting
awkwardly.
"Why is Henrietta such a bully..."
"Bully? Marie must be mistaken."
When Maryele heard these words, a hesitant expression appeared on her
pouting face. Set within the contours of her smooth, oval face, her
sparkling eyes, full of expression, were extremely bewitching. However,
Henrietta had no intention of spoiling her or letting Maryele off the hook.
Henrietta's hobbies included both teasing and encouraging her.

"Are you sure it's okay to continue being like this? Naotsugu-san should be
here in roughly an hour to help out."
"He's coming over to help out even though it's so late?"
"Indeed. Since it's hard to just rely on ladies to do all the moving."
Henrietta replied without changing her tone. Maryele stood up suddenly as
though she had received an electric shock, grabbing her cardigans which
lay beside her before running off, most likely to go back to her room to
shower.
"I... I'm going out to pick some flowers!"
Uttering something which was obviously an excuse, Maryele left the room
in a hurry. "Try your best," Henrietta waved at the departing figure and
proceeded to sit down on the vacated sofa.
(Marie is still as cute as ever, it looks like I won't have to worry about this
for a period of time. Seriously—— this might be for the best.)
Henrietta retrieved a document from her bag and looked through it.
The vague details about Shiroe that Naotsugu disclosed reminded her of
something which bothered her.
The document contained records which had been collated by the liaison
committee: the guilds, businesses, groups and individuals who had applied
to set up booths. The sheer scale of this festival exceeded expectations.
This was mainly due to the People of the Land. It was not just the 'League
of Freedom Towns Eastal'; merchants and nobles from the west also came
to visit Akiba. Akiba's economic potential was far greater than its
population would suggest. The People of the Land were captivated by this
fact and scrambled to Akiba for profits, resulting in this grand exodus.
The members of the liaison committee led by Charasin had foreseen this.
However, they realized that the actual figures exceeded their estimates by
a wide margin. Everyone would be in for a shock come the next day's
festival, especially the small and medium guilds.
The school festival-like booths that the Adventurers had set up would
probably sell out their products in a flash. The intentions of the People of

the Land and the Adventurers could not be more different. While the former
came for the sake of "making bulk purchases", the latter bought singular
items which caught their fancy.
(However...)
Henrietta readjusted her glasses with her index finger.
The silver-rimmed glasses which were one of Henrietta's defining features
shone on her face. There was something amiss. While Henrietta did not
have an extensive work history, she was still well-read and had a fair
amount of accounting experience; she felt as though something
unexpected was going to happen.
Henrietta bit her lip. The fear of the unknown was disconcerting.
(If it was Shiroe-sama...)
She could not remember when she started being able to recall that young
man's face with such clarity.
As she thought about this carefully, his profile appeared from the depths of
her mind. While Henrietta never had the opportunity to have a frank
conversation with Shiroe, whenever that youth was dealing with a crisis
and putting up a brave front, she had always just been watching from the
sidelines. In the conference which led to the formation of the Round Table
Council and the one in which Raynesia was brought forth, Henrietta had
observed his profile while staying by his side as only an assistant.
This keen and resolute youth might be able to uncover the reason for the
uneasiness in Henrietta's heart.
With such thoughts in mind, Henrietta opened her contact list. However, in
the end, she chose not to contact him. It was a decision that she made
after much consideration.
Shiroe was already bearing the burden of multiple responsibilities from the
Round Table Council.
Shiroe should be spared from chores related to the festival if possible. This
was something that both Charasin and Henrietta had agreed on. While it
was not something that either of them had openly voiced out, both agreed
that the Round Table Council had piled too much work onto Shiroe.

Besides, Shiroe currently had Akatsuki and Minori.
From Henrietta's point of view, these two young ladies possessed
incomparable charm.
The sparrow-like Akatsuki was an elegant and beautiful young girl. Her
long, flowing black hair was like a traditional doll's.
The pure and flawless Minori was delicate yet strong. She looked like
someone that needed to be doted upon, yet her sense of responsibility
made her distinct to other girls her age.
Knowing how they felt about Shiroe, Henrietta felt that she had no place
among them.
Henrietta had always believed that she lacked appeal.
She had difficulty understanding the primal emotion of love. She felt she
had no chance at intimate relationships like Maryele's. She had the desire
to doll up Akatsuki, but Henrietta understood that those kinds of feelings
were nothing like the romantic ones that couples shared.
While she did pay special attention to Shiroe, even thinking "Could it
be...?" at one point, her feelings were not truly romantic in nature. She did
not feel a need to be wed to him or even crave for his presence. There was
a lack of such burning desires.
"The most outstanding amongst men."
Henrietta had given Shiroe such as assessment.
While she was still far from certain, she had at least verified that it was
"those" sorts of feelings.
(In other words, my personality is too plain...)
This fact did not cause her to feel forlorn. She felt happy that thoughts of
him came to her mind so often. Even though she felt that it wouldn't
become anything more serious, she was content with the way things were.
To Henrietta, Akatsuki was a cute friend whom she wished to cherish,
while the newcomer Minori was someone whom she hoped to form a deep
friendship with. She was thankful that she was not in the way of either.

While she was unable to favor any side, she had already resolved to
congratulate the one Shiroe chose.
She hoped that Shiroe——
That the lonely, overly-serious trickster would find happiness.
Perhaps Shiroe was the type who could spread happiness to the people
around him once he himself was happy?
Henrietta certainly believed so.
(Although I do wish the three of them would speed things up.)
Henrietta sighed.
In regards to such matters, the two girls and Shiroe were all extremely
dense. It was highly probable that they would encounter difficulty even
under smooth-sailing circumstances. This was rather tantalizing since
nothing could be done, even though it was hard not to feel concerned for
them.
As Henrietta contemplated the love issues faced by the members of the
sister guild, she had all but forgotten the sense of unease that she felt just
moments ago. There was just too much work to be done in Akiba and too
many things to consider.

Part 3
The sky was stained with a shade of gray.
A refreshing October breeze enveloped Akiba early in the morning. The
sun had not started its proper ascent yet; the atmosphere was laden with
moisture and tranquility.
Both the Akiba of this world and the Akiba of the old world were similar in
topography and geographical layout. However, they obviously had their
differences as well.
The city was covered with ancient trees, the roads and plaza were
enveloped in greenery; various parts had become moss patches or grass
fields.

Concealed throughout the city were deciduous trees, as well as plants
which bore gem-like fruit. Akiba's ruined buildings were fused together with
nature, turning the city into an intriguing scene.
The autumn dew dripped gently throughout the green streets.
Minori could feel the dew on the tips of her toes as she hurried towards the
guild building.
It was the morning of the second day of the Libra Festival.
Today was the second day. Unlike the first day, where there had been a
gradual build up in anticipation for the night's festivities, today would be
marked by a series of standard activities.
The activities from the second day onwards included various conventions,
a dinner party hosted by Raynesia, and the "Akiba Fair" that would run
continuously from that night till the third day. These were the highlights of
the Libra Festival. Indeed, the festival's main events would start today.
Most likely due to such anticipation, the streets which were normally
deserted in the early morning were filled with a flurry of activity. People
were moving packages around, obviously to stock their booths, or in
certain cases to restock goods which had been sold out.
Arriving at the entrance of the guild building, it was clear that the level of
activity present was even greater. Many Adventurers could be seen
passing through the doorway, both entering and leaving. Giving greetings
full of energy and spirit, Minori entered this obsidian-black building.
Log Horizon was one of the eleven guilds that comprised the Round Table
Council. Furthermore, Minori came here frequently in order to help Shiroe.
Including the People of the Land lady who manned the front counter, many
of the Adventurers who worked here were familiar with Minori.
Minori headed to the floor where the reference room and office of the
Round Table Council were located, heading for the 'Production Guild
Liaison Committee'. Shiroe had asked her to retrieve documents from
there once, so she knew of its location.

This place had been filled with a panicky, disorganized atmosphere since
early morning. There was an ungodly number of wooden boxes. They
spilled out through the wide open door and into the corridor.
The 'Production Guild Liaison Committee' played a central role in the
festival. Hence it was already busy, even at this hour. Things that sounded
like curses could be heard from within and people could be seen moving
goods and frantically running in and out the door.
Minori entered the room quietly, greeting an Adventurer who she knew.
She remembered he was a smith from 8th District Shopping Center.
"What's the matter Minori-chan?"
"Eh，um—— may I know if Charasin-san is around?"
Minori felt out of place. The correct description would be the feeling that
she had 'Carelessly stepped into someone else's territory'.
The smith, noticing Minori's anxious appearance, smiled and said, "Ah,
he's inside, why don't you come in? Please excuse the mess!" He said this
rather loudly, as he was probably delirious from pulling an all-nighter.
Minori timidly stepped into the depths of the office.
At such an early hour, Minori had come to this place for a certain reason.
After Minori witnessed the private scene between Akatsuki and Shiroe last
night, she had become depressed at her own shallowness. However, there
was something she wished to accomplish during this Libra Festival: that
was to rectify Shiroe's negative image.
Her initial plan was to have Shiroe attract attention by making him
participate in the cake-eating competition. There would subsequently be an
opportunity to get him an invitation to the Grand Dinner Party. Then by
having him mingle with the other participants at the dinner party, she had
hoped to make Shiroe more favorable to the public. That had been her
original strategy.
(In the end, though, it failed...)
Minori felt that finishing twelve whole cakes was an insurmountable task.
Even though she felt that way, nothing could be done——it was
aggravating.

However, a failure was still a failure. Since giving up was not an option,
she had to find an alternative way to accomplish her goal. The plan that
Minori had conceived within the unfamiliar portions of her mind was to get
the 'production guild liaison committee' to help out directly.
It was fortunate that she knew the guildmaster of 8th District Shopping
Center, Charasin, personally. If Charasin had spare invitation cards to the
Grand Dinner Party, was it possible to obtain one from him? Having this
thought in mind, Minori had headed for the 'Production Guild Liaison
Committee'.
However, it seemed that Charasin might be too busy for such matters.
Minori had arrived at the central office (or was it the meeting room?) of the
'Production Guild Liaison Committee'. Within this big room was a wall of
documents.
Minori was accustomed to such a scene. Shiroe's study was also strewn
with large amounts of documents. In this world without computers, it was
easy for documents to pile up. However, the mess in Shiroe's study paled
in comparison to that of this room. At least in Shiroe's study, it was evident
that effort was taken to tidy or minimize the mess. The only thing evident
within this room was chaos and disorder.
At one corner of the office table in the center of the room, Charasin and his
young assistant were trying their best to defend the borders of a territory
known as "work space". However their efforts were in vain. Due to the
encroaching barbarians—— which were the mess of reports, they were at
the edge of defeat.
Minori was hesitant to disturb Charasin due to the situation he was in. At
this moment, behind Minori, a young man entered the room and reported
energetically.
"Charasin-san! Here are the southern district's inventories and ledgers! I'll
leave things to you~!"
The youth simply added these to the stack of documents and left.
However, that simple action triggered a massive change in the battlefield
that was the table. The scene likened to a horde of barbarians charging
forward at full speed while blasting their battlehorns. The unstable pile of
documents promptly collapsed like dominoes.

"Arrggh!" "Eek!"
Charasin and his assistant screamed aloud, their faces went pale with
despair. After swearing simultaneously, the two of them proceeded to
restack the fallen documents. Minori decided that it was a good time to
help, and timidly raised her voice.
"Do you need help?"
"This is screwed up. Eh? Aren't you..."
"You're someone from Shiroe-san's side. If I recall, Minori-chan?"
"That's right. Let me give you a hand."
Minori rolled up the long sleeves of her outfit. She could not bring herself to
leave this messy mountain of documents alone. Furthermore, if she helped
out now, Charasin might develop a good impression of her and might be
more willing to grant her 'request'. Minori had these considerations in mind.
"Yeah, that would be great, thanks... Taro, make me a cup of tea, make it a
strong one please."
"Yes, right away!"
The youth who had been working non-stop for an unknown length of time
left the room unsteadily. After watching him leave, Minori and Charasin
started gathering the sheets paper strewn around the place. Most of them
looked like booth application forms. There were also trade-related
applications, letters of inquiry, letters of instruction, tax forms and various
other documents. All of these had been lumped together under the
rationale that "the contents are roughly the same anyway", forming the
mountain of documents.
"Charasin-san... um, these are all different types of documents."
"I know they're all different, but we lost track of their organization.
Moreover there was no proper format or standard to begin with. Even
documents of the same type have completely different contents."
Charasin sighed dejectedly.

"I never knew it would be so troublesome. Seriously, People of the Land
can be so hard to deal with. I wonder if we should tax them as well..."
"People of the Land? What about them?"
"It's nothing, really. In business, it's normal to add on or even to change,
your merchandise at the last minute. But I never expected such a large
number of people. Or the fact that the documents would be written in such
a haphazard manner. This is probably due to a difference in culture I
guess. If it were our own guild, it wouldn't be much of an issue. But the
Round Table Council wanted this festival to be properly documented."
'You can see the rest, I'm sure?' Charasin indicated with a shrug. The
mess in front of them was rather intimidating. Even though they understood
the importance of an efficient filing system, the influx of various inquiries
and tasks made it almost impossible to organize the documents properly.
Charasin was someone who Shiroe held in high esteem. He had an
excellent ability to think critically and, when needed, could come to a
decision quickly. The people under him, too, seemed very diligent.
Despite the lack of organization, they were able to set aside the problem
and continue their operations due to his sound judgment. The current
situation was still manageable, but Charasin was becoming desperate.
There were delays in the processing of documents, regardless of whether
they were old or new.
"I'll stay here and help out today."
"Are you sure? Isn't Log Horizon also busy today?"
Minori gave a moment's consideration before offering to help. The plan
involving the cake-eating contest had been discontinued, hence she truly
had time to spare.
"I'm quite free right now."
"In that case, even though it's rather embarrassing, we'll be relying on
you... To be honest, I don't have time to sort out these documents.
Henrietta also seems rather busy today."
Minori nodded in response to what Charasin had just said. Shiroe had
mentioned to her that Henrietta was also involved in the business of the

liaison committee. Perhaps the current mess was due to her absence,
having gone to one of the conventions.
"I guess I'll just have to sort them out one at a time."
Minori shifted the documents next to her onto the floor. Reaching into her
bag, she retrieved a piece of parchment and ink. Although her level was
not high, she had crafted these herself.
Using her unsheathed knife as a paperweight, she started to go through
the pile of documents, starting from the top. There was no need to rush,
however speed was essential—— this one was a warehouse receipt.
Minori nodded to herself, placing it within an area which had been partially
cleared. That made one receipt. This here was a report made by patrol
officers regarding the discovery of a security breach. That made one
report.
This was just the start and it was only the first step. Even if it was a small
step, it wasn't cause to be discouraged. The results would obviously be
small in the beginning. The important thing was to remain focused and
consistent while moving forward.
(After all, I haven't done anything yet.)
Even though she worshipped Shiroe——and even had feelings for
him——she had not taken any steps. The searing pain that Minori had felt
when she had discovered this truth was still burning within her heart.
Since it was like this, she needed do something about it.
Since she had feelings for Shiroe, she wanted to do something for him.
She was just an ordinary middle-schooler. But in order to meet these
feelings of love head-on, Minori hoped that she would be able to offer
something to Shiroe.
This was the resolution that Minori had made after she overcame the
agony that had seared in her heart on that particular night.
Before, she just blindly worshipped him and chased after him, seeking to
reach his level without any other consideration. But now, her heart held a
new objective.

Had she only wanted to follow in Shiroe's footsteps, wanted to see the
same scenery that he saw, then reaching his level would have been fine.
But if she wanted to help him, she would have to acquire other abilities.
Walking down his path but seeking to acquire a different set of abilities
would definitely be hard, however the current Minori wished to move
forward on such a path.
The physical abilities of the Adventurers, such as their sight and reflexes,
had been greatly enhanced.
Minori used these abilities to separate the documents with astonishing
speed. Skimming through their contents, documents that she thought took
priority were placed in a wooden box to the side. These were documents
which needed to be checked by Charasin immediately. Other documents
were sorted into appropriate categories.
The subclass which Minori now had was Apprentice. Minori hated the tailor
subclass and wished to switch out of it as soon as she was able. However,
she had found it difficult to decide on a new subclass. While she was
deliberating, Shiroe suggested that she choose the apprentice subclass in
the meantime.
The apprentice was one of the "subclasses", however, it was quite different
from others. It was similar to role-playing subclasses like accountant or
fortune teller, but was even more special.
An apprentice could register another player as a "teacher" and receive
abilities based on that player's subclass, "copying" over a few low-level
skills. Minori could craft parchment and ink because she had registered
Shiroe as her teacher—— that was to say, those skills were copied over
from Shiroe.
Apprentices received experience bonuses, so it was not hard to level up.
Furthermore, the fact that skills were copied over from the teacher made it
even more easy. However, because an Apprentice could only copy skills
that were mid-level and below and the subclass lacked its own "unique set
of skills", it was not very popular.
An apprentice's true defining feature was only evident after maturity. Apart
from some special subclasses that had specific requirements, an
Apprentice could switch to any subclass, and the skills pertaining to the

new subclass would carry over along with all their current subclass
experience.
For example, when a level 30 apprentice switched subclasses to a chef, he
or she would become a level 30 chef with the same level of experience as
an Adventurer who had been a chef since level one.
It was perfectly fine to start out as an apprentice if you wanted to be a
blacksmith, which was quite tedious to train. However, a teacher was
required and the list of items you could make would not increase as you
leveled up so you would have to resort to other methods to increase your
repertoire, which was one of the problems.
Minori was not concerned with such issues.
She had chosen this subclass to follow Shiroe, so those limitations were
not really an obstacle. Having access to Shiroe's scribe abilities was a
great help in tackling this mess of documents in the current situation.
Minori roughly [formatted] the inexpensive parchment. Taking a sales
application form, she listed down its items one by one. After she verified
them, she made a "duplicate" and placed the original into a wooden box.
Extracting desired information from documents was a task which Minori
was very familiar with as it was something she had learned while assisting
Shiroe with his work.
Minori looked at the mountain of documents.
Most likely this particular battlefield contained "something" that Shiroe had
already acquired, that one was not able to obtain from the fights in Elder
Tales. Minori currently was unable to grasp or understand what this
"something" was.
The knowledge which Shiroe had imparted to her held many clues. The
"Teachings of Shiroe" that Minori listened to contained many battle
strategies from the time when Elder Tales was still a game. But it did not
contain just that.
How to run a guild, records of past battles, the emotions experienced when
playing online games——happiness, sadness, injustice,
forgiveness——the conflicts beyond the game itself, and the situations that

would arise when different interests clashed. The secret of "that" was
probably hidden within the things Shiroe had taught her.
However, Minori was inexperienced. She had to rely on such information
like a crutch.
——That was why she wished to stay here and help out.
So as to not become a burden, Minori decided to stay here. She resolved
to keep on fighting. This had once been Shiroe's battlefield, but it was now
the target of her objective.
"Minori-chan has such a neat technique."
"That's because I'm Shiroe-san's disciple."
Minori replied with a smile on her face. She had a steadfast expression
which was not present the night before.

Part 4
"Thanks—!"
"Acknowledged, there's five left~"
"Hey, I'm out! Bring some more here!"
On the morning of the second day of the festival, the city was filled with the
clamor of activity.
Such a festival was unprecedented. No one was able to grasp the overall
situation; not even Charasin, the head of the 'Production Guild Liaison
Committee' which oversaw the festival. After all, this festival had been
initiated at the behest of the small and medium guilds who had wanted an
opportunity to publicize their new products.
Due to the large scale of the festival, the 'Production Guild Liaison
Committee' had its hands full. It was easy to assume that the city was in a
similar state of chaos.
However, the reality was rather different. This was because the city's
Adventurers were filled with spirit and vitality.

In this alternate world, many of the Adventurers did not know what to do
with their enhanced capabilities. Or rather, they were just bored. There
were two ways they could go about their boredom: fall into depression or,
in a case like the festival, help out and work. Because the latter was the
default choice, the festival received a large amount of assistance.
Located on "The Bridge of All-Ages", a main road in Akiba, there was a
large tent set up beside the parking space for carriages. Although this
structure was called a tent, it was open on all sides, simply consisting of a
roof supported by heavy metal struts at its four corners. It served as a
simple field HQ. Members of the Black Sword Knights could be seen
constantly coming and going and the person sitting on a folding chair
planted in the middle of the tent, sticking out like a sore thumb, was their
guild master, "Black Sword" Isaac.
"Give me a drink!"
"There aren't enough Summoners, dispatch some more!"
"There are no more Summoners available, so if you need more manpower,
you'll just have to make do with what's available——if you need hot water
or ice, go find yourself a Sorcerer."
"We're not just replacements for Summoners, you bastards! Ah, the ice is
ready, go on and take it."
In a manner similar to the city's current bustle, the tent was also filled with
incessant activity.
Akiba had a handful of combat guilds and Black Sword Knights was one of
them. It was famed as the guild exclusive to 'Adventurers of the highest
caliber who have been specially selected'. It was also known as a guild
which specialized in completing challenging, high level quests. Most of its
members were obviously hard-core gamers and the guild possessed a
steadfast unity. This was the impression given to outsiders. However in
truth, they were just a rowdy bunch.
"Hey, you guys are damn noisy!"
A loud coarse voice silenced the warriors' racket. It was the guild master, a
guardian named Isaac, who was famous throughout Akiba. He had a head
full of blood-red hair and a confident, contemptuous smile on his face.

"You're really naggy, commander."
"You should just stay in your seat, boss."
"Chief is an idiot, his manner lacks consideration."
The comments made by the people who surrounded him caused Isaac to
laugh heartily, as though he had been complimented. This was the way
things were in Black Sword Knights. Isaac, who was given reproachful
looks by his surrounding subordinates, yelled things such as "Ha! You
guys seem rather energetic as usual!".
"The third sector's patrol team had returned."
"Great, thanks for your hard work."
Isaac greeted the three-man team which had just returned to the city. 'Ain't
I a great guy, who shows concern? Greeting my men immediately shows
that I have the mark of a true leader.' This was the internal monologue that
played out in Isaac's mind. Regardless, Isaac did indeed have the
appearance of a leader.
"So how did it go? Hm, did anything happen?"
"Indeed. We rescued a carriage which was stuck in a ditch, appeased a
few brokers who were quarreling with each other, settled a payment
dispute... things like that?"
"Good, that's the way!"
Isaac nodded like a boss, responding to his guild members' report.
Indeed, Black Sword Knights had taken the initiative to patrol the
downtown area.
The small and medium guilds were unable to handle the unprecedented
number of People of the Land nobles and merchants who had heard of the
Libra Festival. Many merchants and businessmen had come in order to sell
their wares. There was a need to deploy personnel to handle them and
settle the disputes which broke out.
The 'Production Guild Liaison Committee' was extremely hardworking;
however, they were just an organization which coordinated the interests of
the guilds. Furthermore, their main duty was related to matters regarding

the booths, so they had no capacity to handle the disputes in the
downtown area.
Given these circumstances, Isaac had formed a patrol force responsible for
policing the People of the Land.
This place was the "Bridge of All Ages", erected over the Kanda Canal,
south of the downtown area. Travelers coming from Izu or from areas
further west would have to cross the bridge to enter Akiba. The "policing"
duty was actually rather simple. They would note down the merchants'
names, the number of personnel in the group, the number of carriages as
well as their contents——and that was it.
Compared to an immigration checkpoint in the old world, the checks were
rather lax.
Isaac believed that the only requirement for this job was an intimidating
appearance.
That was to say, you just had to be bold and resolute.
Black Sword Knights intentionally wore imposing armor suited for
travelling. This was a preemptive tactic. Their striking appearance put "the
fear of the law" into the hearts of those who came to visit the city, sending
them a clear message: "if you try anything funny, someone is going to get
hurt." Everything was handled using a combination of intimidation and
prudence.
"Someone looks really free."
"Don't bother me for nothing. How are things at your side?"
Isaac appraised the approaching figure with a keen gaze. This well-built
man who wore glasses was Isaac's peer, one of the eleven members of
the Round Table Council and the leader of D.D.D.
He was someone whom Isaac did not wish to trifle with. Whether as a guild
master or as a guardian, he was the only one in the server who could
match Isaac.
"There are no problems on my side as well."

Krusty raised the corners of his mouth slightly. Isaac judged this was how
this bespectacled man smiled.

They had known each other since the days when this was a game. Though
they belonged to different guilds, they were both highly ranked and
competed for the Yamato server's top position. They had also spoken to
each other quite a number of times. It would be completely wrong to say
that they did not give a damn about each other's existence——they were
rivals.
Large combat guilds such as the Black Sword Knights and D.D.D were
extremely concerned with being the best at raids. The new raids which
were included in every new expansion provided new challenges. These
fresh battlefields were like virgin snow, untouched by the intrusion of
anyone.
Their difficulty was obviously high.
Since these raids were designed to challenge skilled players accustomed
to completing both individual and group objectives, the difficulty was
extreme. The difficulty was designed with skilled players in mind. In order
to beat them, players had to train to the highest level, have the best
equipment, and needed to possess the strongest resolve. In other words,
they had to be insanely hardcore players.
These new raids were an amalgamation of five to seven separate types of
dungeons, the difficulty of these dungeons normally varied. It was a rule
that the first ones to attempt these raids would end up completely wiped
out, even if they had started from the easiest dungeons.
In those days, Isaac and his comrades did not fear such dungeons.
Instead, they licked their lips fearlessly.
"This is going to be an enjoyable feast." This was the meaning behind that
gesture.
Repeated battles, accumulated experience, beating the powerful final
boss, these were accomplishments that couldn't be described with plain
words. As a bonus reward, they earned Phantasmal-class items with
potentially powerful abilities, resulting in an increase in their comrades'
battle-strength. Using the item drops to increase their battle strength, they
would then take on an even more difficult dungeon. They constantly
repeated that process over and over again.
This race did not just involve the Black Sword Knights. Yamato server's
strongest, D.D.D, competed with them as well. Who would be the first to

defeat this boss? Who would be the first to clear that dungeon? The large
scale guilds were competing for such bragging rights.
A guild which fought for the sake of reputation.
This was how Isaac envisioned a large-scale combat guild.
Obtaining Phantasmal-class items was just a bonus.
In Isaac's opinion, greedy gamers who played just for the sake of getting
rare items were not considered warriors. Black Sword Knights denied such
players from joining its ranks.
"Yeah. But..."
Isaac eyed the man in front of him as he sat in his chair.
"This calmness is making me lethargic. Won't it be better if something
happened, to spice things up a bit?"
"That's hard to say."
"Can't the People of the Land start a dispute with us?"
This well-built, expressionless and indifferent man was also similar in
nature to Isaac. Rank, ability, equipment and gold were all means to an
end. He was a true player, one who had aimed to make his guild the top
one in the Yamato server. Because of this, he was also willing to involve
himself in mundane tasks like patrols. Because he could increase his
reputation in this manner, but above all, because it gave him something to
spend his time on.
"The difference in military strength is so great... the chances of this
happening is roughly fifty percent I guess."
"Ha! What an assessment."
Isaac had learned to expect certain things from this bespectacled youth. If
he said something, then it was likely to be true. Isaac personally felt that
his statement was accurate as well.
"Hey."
"What's up?"

"That fellow. What's with 'Black Heart'?"
"What do you mean?"
Krusty returned Isaac's question with another question in his infuriating
manner. Isaac glared at him, however it did not seem as though Krusty
was trying to act dumb. Isaac shrugged and continued with the topic at
hand.
"I can't really say if 'Black Heart' is smart or stupid."
"It's not impossible for him to be both?"
"I offered 'Black Heart' an invitation to join my guild once."
It was not known if the aforementioned person remembered this event.
Isaac had decided to play along during the formation of the Round Table
Council. However, he remembered a certain incident with clarity. That was
a few months after the Debauchery Tea Party had suddenly disbanded.
People had speculated that it would eventually reform itself in the form of
guild, however that had not been the case. The Tea Party vanished, its
members either left the game completely or resumed their solo player
styles.
Shiroe was one of the rare players who had maintained his frequency of
gameplay.
"After the Tea Party broke up, that 'Black Heart' participated in various
raids as a mercenary. I invited him when he came here to form a party.
And I invited him 'cause of his playing style, not 'cause he was associated
with the Tea Party."
"What happened in the end?"
Krusty asked. Isaac cracked his neck causally and replied.
"He rejected it, with something like 'Sorry, I'm unable to meet the
expectations such an invitation implies'. In the end, I wasn't bothered by it.
Of course I'd want such a monstrous sonuva bitch like him in my guild, but
I had no need for a player who had lost his resolve."
Isaac had indeed given up on inviting Shiroe.

But he had been unable to foresee the extent of Shiroe's growth, as well as
the fact that he would cause such a scene in Akiba. Could it be that his
initial evaluation had been a mistake? Isaac was bothered by this matter.
If he were asked whether he wanted to side with Shiroe, the answer would
be a resounding YES.
Battling alongside that eccentric, bespectacled fellow would probably prove
to be an interesting experience. It was likely that he would use methods as
twisted as his visage to alter the outcome of the battlefield to the limits of
what was possible. That had been the case when Isaac had partied with
him. Where he was present, in a situation wherein people were normally
running out of MP, they found that at least ten of them could leisurely
recover——it was mind-boggling.
"Is he a schemer or a gambler... someone who will burn out or someone
whose ability improves over time?"
"Shiroe-kun—— is probably the sort who performs the best in a situation
where 'Anything goes'."
"Anything goes, huh——"
"I wouldn't consider him a schemer. He's reckless, unscrupulous, and
doesn't care about the rewards; he just wants to accomplish his goals. In a
situation with no limits, his strength is incomparable. It's akin to a demonic
blade."
Up to this point, Isaac had been unable to follow the things which Krusty
said. But upon hearing it said in this manner, he experienced an epiphany.
What Isaac had observed of the past Shiroe was just his shell.
The imposing man they had seen at the conference that led to the
formation of the Round Table Council was Shiroe's true form. Isaac was
exhilarated at this thought; he laughed out loud while facing the big man
standing next to him.
"So that's why the demonic blade is currently groaning under the pile of
work we buried him in. In that case, when will you unsheathe it again?
Since that fellow has his uses. Well then... I think I'll go around and take a
look at the festival. Hey Krusty, join me will you!"

After Isaac gave an earful to a reporting subordinate, he invited Krusty to
come along. They left together in the direction of their city, filled with both
Adventurers and People of the Land.

Part 5
Going a short while back in time. On another corner street, the ladies of
Crescent Moon Alliance were preparing for the winter fashion show.
The location was at a place known as the "Shirogane Hall". It had been
renovated to create this exhibition space.
In the old world, the building which contained the exhibition hall faced a
large electronics store. However, in this alternate world's Akiba, these had
been replaced with ruins.
The current Shirogane Hall was the result of 2 month's worth of
time-consuming renovations. Although it was in ruins, only the upper floors
had their access cut off. Other than that, it was more or less intact. The
high ceilings of the place, similar to a hotel lobby's, made it even easier to
renovate.
Pouring cement into a frame made with wooden planks, then using plaster
to shape the exterior. With the successful implementation of such a
method, the renovation work had been made much easier. This method
was invented after the formation of the Round Table Council. Because
Adventurers had the ability to craft items quickly, the work could be carried
out swiftly. Another assisting factor was the fact that the labor force was
headed by elves.
Shirogane Hall had been partitioned into various areas for respective
events and other purposes. The place set aside for the main activity of the
autumn festival was the largest hall in the building. Many guilds had set up
booths within this space and were busy with last minute preparations.
Crescent Moon Alliance's clothing retail team was just one team among
many others from different guilds. They were currently sprucing up their
own booth.
The booth's area was five square meters. This was all taken up by the
table which contained the cash register and the boxes which stored their
merchandise. They set up the display cases, which had been converted

from cupboards, arranging their signature products within——shirts colored
with plant-based dyes.
Apart from Maryele, there were others who were manning the booth as
well, acting as sales assistants. Akatsuki, who had been dragged here
early this morning, was at one corner of the store, being dressed up by a
fanatic Henrietta.
"Akatsuki-chan is really cute! Seriously! I think I might faint!"
"This outfit is fine, I guess..."
Akatsuki protested in this manner while raising her gaze, causing Henrietta
to swoon in adoration. ❤s were popping out from her body. When Akatsuki
tried to escape, Henrietta grabbed her by her wrist. "It's not over yet," she
declared mercilessly.
Akatsuki was wearing the booth's merchandise. She wore a waistcoat
colored with plant dyes complementing a black top worn underneath, and
an asymmetrical cotton skirt. The tassels on the hem of the skirt and the
wooden-bead necklace created an ethnic feel. It was very cute.
"Why don't you apply some makeup since you rarely have the opportunity."
"Such a thing... uu, I'm not really used to it."
"It's not a problem——Relax."
Henrietta kneeled down so that she was eye to eye with Akatsuki. Akatsuki
looked extremely uneasy and was planning to escape, however Henrietta
gave a 'no' gesture with the eyeliner in her hand. She blocked Akatsuki,
sealing off all her escape routes.
Women had much better complexions in this alternate world. In Akatsuki's
opinion, there was no need for makeup at all.
However, makeup was not something which was applied because it was
"needed". "You look great". Girls were not satisfied with just achieving this
level——this was part of their nature.
Akatsuki was not averse to makeup herself. In the old world, she applied
makeup, albeit sparingly. (A fact she hid out of embarrassment).

Furthermore, in this alternate world, it made one feel vain to appraise one's
own face in a mirror.
In their original world, applying makeup was something done without a
second thought. However, when you considered it carefully, it may have
actually been a symbolic action. Wasn't it equivalent to changing skin
textures in game terms? In a sense, it was similar to changing one's
identity.
While Akatsuki had used makeup in the original world, her experience was
limited to the application of lip gloss. She had never painted her lips or
used mascara before.
"Guu~"
"Akatsuki-chan is the image of Japanese beauty."
"?"
While Akatsuki was busy reminiscing on her personal experience with
makeup, Henrietta had been swiftly applying it on her. Akatsuki was
helpless and sat stiffly as Henrietta used a fine lipstick to define the lines of
her lips.
"Relax, I've only applied a light layer of makeup. Though, it still looks
natural enough to fool those stupid men who can't tell the difference
anyways——Furthermore, Akatsuki-chan fits the image of a Japanese
beauty, so if you wear this sort of ethnic-themed outfit or an outfit that is
too casual, the effect would be rather clashing. Hence we need to intensify
the colors a bit. We'll also fix up your hair with a hairpin."
Akatsuki could only nod her head in response.
Indeed, as Akatsuki looked downwards, she noted that this sort of dress
which was ethnic-themed or village-themed did not match her black hair.
Following Henrietta's directions, Akatsuki used a few pieces of blotting
paper, removing most of the oil on her face. Henrietta exclaimed "Hu hu!
So cute~". She grabbed Akatsuki and hugged her with a "XD" expression
on her face.
Until recently, Akatsuki would have felt offended at being treated as a
mascot. However, for some strange reason, she could tolerate such
treatment in this world of Elder Tales.

(Is it because I don't feel like I'm being looked down on?)
While that might have been the case, Akatsuki still resisted slightly.
Noticing this, Henrietta released her after tidying up her hair with a hairpin.
The hairstyle which she saw in the mirror consisted of her normal straight
long hair, however as it had been affixed with the hairpin, it gave her the
feel of an oneesan.
Akatsuki used to think that such a hairstyle did not go well with her short
stature, so she had avoided it. However, that did not seem to be the case
once she actually saw it. Akatsuki relaxed her expression involuntarily.
(The feel of an oneesan... I like the sound of that!)
"How is it?"
"Well... ah."
Akatsuki was speechless. She felt delighted inside, but to actually admit
that would make her uncomfortable. She didn't want to look like she was
showing off. At the same time, though, it would be ungrateful of her to deny
her feelings after Henrietta had spent so much time on her.
Her clothes and makeup were all products featured in this exhibition.
"Do you not like it?——Shiroe-sama, it's cute isn't it?"
"Uh, eh?"
Akatsuki's hesitation was erased by Henrietta's words. It was as though
she had been petrified by Medusa's gaze. A chill ran down her back. "It
couldn't be?" she thought uneasily.
"Mm, I think it suits her."
A deep calm voice appeared from behind her——a voice which always
sounded a bit troubled. It came from Akatsuki's lord, Shiroe.
"When did you——"
"I just arrived. After all, I've been asked to help out as well."
Shiroe shrugged while he continued. Akatsuki was unable to meet his
gaze. Akatsuki's mouth was trembling in a weird shape, it was as though it
was not her part of her body.

Unaware of the hidden feelings that were present, Henrietta asked, "How
is this current getup?" pushing the reluctant Akatsuki (who felt like hiding)
forward.
Akatsuki frantically tried to hide behind Shiroe's back, however Henrietta
gently grabbed hold of her and held her tight. While Akatsuki could easily
push Henrietta away and escape, that was too extreme a course of action.
In the end, Akatsuki had to put up with her current appearance, she looked
accusingly at both Henrietta and Shiroe. What she thought to be an
obvious expression of her hatred looked like puppy eyes to the other two. It
was simply gorgeous.
"Relax Akatsuki, that look suits you."
Shiroe placed his hand on top of Akatsuki's head. Whenever Shiroe did
that, her temperature would rise easily. Akatsuki hated that part of herself.
Shiroe might have replied out of reflex or courtesy, but Akatsuki was
delighted nonetheless. This caused her some conflict.
(Agh! I don't have the right to be considered a shinobi!)
Akatsuki frantically tried to restore her original expression. However, she
lacked her usual confidence today.
"What do you need me to do?"
"Shiroe-sama, please wear these clothes."
Shiroe gave a dejected expression when he looked through the clothes
that Henrietta had given him. While they appeared comfortable, Shiroe did
not seem to like them. Akatsuki felt a tiny bit of happiness with regard to
this fact.
(My lord, this is your punishment for humiliating me.)
Since Shiroe was always seen wearing fancy clothes, Akatsuki wished to
see how he looked like in casual clothes. Just as Akatsuki was about to
open her mouth to say something, she was interrupted by a clear ringing
sound that came from outside.
There was a brief moment of silence. Then it was broken by what sounded
like cheering, and clapping also started from an unknown source.

Maryele, who had appeared in front of the three of them, was also clapping
her hands happily.
——It had begun. This was the first festival organized by the Adventurers
in this alternate world. At this exhibition which was one of the main events
of the festival, the large hall was filled with all sorts of clothing and
accessories.
"Alright, who's coming today? I hope business will be great... though
making a 100 pieces might have been too much, just try your best
everybody!"
"The show's about to start. Shiroe-sama, Akatsuki-chan... please help out
for this half of the day. The two of you are the models for our booth, try
hard to achieve good results!"
Shiroe and Akatsuki lost to the bright smiles on the faces of those two.
They could only nod repeatedly in response.
It was the second day of the Libra Festival. The curtains were rising. The
highlight of this exhibition was about to begin.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Minori
Age: 14
Weapon: Diligence
Specialty: Full Battle Control (Simplified Version)
Birthday: 18 September
Favorite Food: Cauliflower<td>Equipment
Plain Denim Skirt
A regular long skirt without any special abilities, made from from denim
cloth. However, it is so well-sewn that you can feel the sincerity in the
workmanship. It was actually made by a People of the Land artisan who
was inspired by the designs of Adventurer outfits. Minori bought it without
knowing about this fact.
Freshwater Pearl Scrunchie
A scrunchie made from small freshwater pearls. When Minori became
Shiroe's assistant, the opportunities to tie up her hair increased, hence
Henrietta passed her personal scrunchie to her. It can also be worn as a
bracelet.
White Bespectacled Bear Doll
A doll that Minori made. It was made as one of the items to be traded in the
city originally. However, she liked the doll so much that she kept it. Its eyes
are too sharp no matter how you look at it, but its owner likes this part
about it.

Chapter 4: Confusion
Part 1
The entire floor was jam-packed right from the start.
There were teams of Adventurers representing their guilds, girls shopping
for the lowest prices, traders queuing to buy the works of renowned
artisans, and noblemen merchants dressed in their splendor.
Although the crowd had been expected, few guilds had foreseen that it
would be such a grand spectacle. The scene was chaotic, with various
stalls busy touting customers.
This large hall was the venue for the clothing expo.
Since the wares here were limited to "clothing", not all the production
guilds had set up booths here. It was a matter of course that the three big
production guilds, who had at least 500 members each, had various
departments that catered to different industries and needs. However, the
small or medium-sized guilds would usually choose to specialize in a
specific type of product.
For instance, Amenona was a weapons production guild that was known to
all of Akiba's insiders. It specialized in the production of Japanese swords.
All of its members were high-level blacksmiths. Their dedication, which
stemmed from their near-freakish obsession with quality, allowed them to
rediscover the techniques for manual forging in this post-Catastrophe
world. Such a guild would obviously not have tailors, and would naturally
not partake in the exhibition held within this building.
However, the entire Libra Festival was a big opportunity for all sorts of
guilds and artisans.
This floor was a market which specialized in clothing and was indoors at
the request of the female Adventurers. However, a 'flea market' was also
being held outside concurrently, centered along the main streets. The
open-air stalls there were selling all sorts of different wares.
The clothing market was held in the building's interior, but the market
outside sold weapons, armor, and even jewelry. To be honest, the heart of

the festival was obviously the 'flea market' being held outside; however, the
clothing expo also received a significant amount of attention as well.
The clothing market's main event was the 'fashion show'. Basically, it was
an event featuring the clothing various guilds had designed with as much
attention to detail as their ingenuity. Models would wear these fashion
items and parade on a runway. The models were Adventurers famous in
Akiba for their popularity or appearance. With so many of them gathered
and appearing in the show, it wouldn't be surprising if a good portion of the
crowd were actually here as fans instead of shoppers.
The booths were split into two categories: large and small.
The large booths had more personnel and had a greater variety of wares
on display. These were the booths of the large-size guilds. They were
situated against walls, making the transportation of goods an easy task.
The area in the middle of the floor had been partitioned into semi-open
spaces for the small booths. These were used by the small and
medium-size guilds.
Crescent Moon Alliance's booth was not situated in a good location. It was
rather far from the center of the floor, but it was not close to the walls
either. With regards to the crowd's traffic, it was a rather unfavorable
location, it was also far from the fashion show's runway. Hence, it was
expected that their business would be a bitter struggle.
However, Crescent Moon Alliance was different from the pure production
guilds. "Let's try anything as long as it interests us!" That was the sort of
guild it was. In fact, its booth was only set up by the members who had
expressed an interest in doing so. It was not a concerted effort by the
entire guild.
Since the Crescent Moon Alliance was a friendly guild full of
equally-friendly Adventurers, players, even council members, were willing
to lend them a hand if they asked. However, when compared to pure
production guilds, their experience in business was a little lacking. If,
perchance, they got a good location, rumors of them abusing their position
in the Round Table Council were bound to come up. In this sense, their
location was very appropriate.
"Say, isn't this crowd a bit ridiculous?"

Henrietta grabbed hold of Maryele, who had lost her composure and was
exclaiming "wuah~, wuah~". She took this guild leader, who had such a
voluptuous body that it incited hatred from others, dragged her back to the
counter, and sat her down on a stool.
"Marie, you are a guild master, how can you lose your cool like that? Do
me a favor and sit here quietly."
"You're right. It's just that, how do I put it in words, I haven't seen so many
people in quite a while..."
Maryele felt restless inside and was unable to settle down.
What she had said was indeed true. In the original world, taking a crowded
train was a common routine. In the heart of Tokyo Prefecture, it was a
common sight to see thousands of pedestrians going about their business
in front of train stations or at crossroad junctions.
However, ever since they came to this world due to the Catastrophe, they
never had the opportunity to see such scenes anymore. Despite the fact
that Akiba's central plaza was filled with activity, it never felt crowded due
to its spacious open area.
This place made people reminisce of the crowded conditions back in their
original world. The crowd had rushed in immediately after the opening,
gathering around the myriad booths to shop.
The fact that they could still afford to quarrel despite this ongoing
commotion proved that Crescent Moon Alliance's booth was away from the
main traffic of the crowd.
Like a waterfall splashing against the rocks below, the bulk of the crowd
first swarmed the booths of the large-scale guilds situated next to the walls.
Subsequently, smaller streams of people made their way towards the
booths of the small and medium guilds which were located near the stage.
However, they were only able to afford the luxury of observing the crowd in
such a detached manner for roughly half an hour.
After the large guilds had attracted long queues, a significant number of
people started to think in the following manner: "Isn't it better if we looked
at the smaller booths rather than line up now?"

Henrietta had initially planned to deploy Maryele (or rather her smile) on
the frontline, with herself serving as the cashier and accountant. However,
current circumstances made this increasingly difficult to do.
The number of People of the Land was greater than expected.
The members of Crescent Moon Alliance who were stationed at this stall
were Maryele, Henrietta, and two tailors. Apart from this booth and the
fashion show, the Crescent Moon Alliance had also set up an al-fresco
restaurant and a weapons shop at the flea market.
As Maryele was the guild master, it was expected of her to make an
appearance at every one of their booths. Henrietta had decided that it
would be best to keep Maryele here only until this afternoon after the
fashion show. By doing so, only the two inexperienced guild members
would be left to man the booth.
Henrietta snuck a look at the aforementioned two. They shook their heads
in response.
The meaning behind it was clear. "No way, no way, we're not familiar with
this!" The two of them were expressing this through their gazes.
Henrietta was negotiating business and sighing internally at the same time.
If the other party was an Adventurer who simply wanted to buy outdoor
clothes for daily use, there would hardly be an issue. Since they were all
from another world, they were all equally unfamiliar with conducting such
business. Thus what they were doing could be better described as merely
"playing business". But that was more than enough for Adventurers.
On the other hand, the People of the Land were mostly merchants and
traders.
Furthermore, the purpose of their visit was not simply to pick out clothes
that they liked. They were here to gather information, make new contacts,
and, if possible, to negotiate the establishment of a supply line. Hence,
they would make inquiries about the price, the materials, and even in depth
details such as how things were sewn.
(However, I have neither the experience nor the know-how for such a
responsibility...)

With this thought in mind, Henrietta politely refused the inquiries of the
middle-aged People of the Land merchants with a smile on her face.
(During the formation of the Round Table Council, having put one over the
three big production guilds——could it be that I've developed a taste for
this kind of situation?) Henrietta thought to herself.
Henrietta was currently in her 20s.
One could not regard her as experienced.
Although she was technically a 'professional', she knew a person in his or
her 20s, like herself, was like a newly hatched chick with its eggshell still
stuck to its head. But she also knew that in order to graduate from being a
hatchling, one had to gain experience in the frontline. Henrietta understood
this through personal experience.
(I can't just leave this to my juniors... I have to at least take care of the
troublesome merchants before I try making sense of the situation.)
Her guild mates could probably sense Henrietta's concerns.
It might have been a result of their subconscious team spirit, but while
Henrietta handled a People of the Land merchant, the remaining three
Crescent Moon Alliance members arranged themselves into formation to
handle an Adventurer.
The inexperienced pair packaged the wares while the smiling Maryele
received the payment. The transaction was then completed after the three
bowed in appreciation.
Henrietta observed this scene from the corner of her eye as she handled
the inquiries of the People of the Land. Given the scale of the Crescent
Moon Alliance, even an order of a 100 pieces a month was far too large for
them to handle. If it needed to be refused, it needed to be refused——this
was something that Henrietta had put her foot down on.
(If I agreed to such a contract, I have no idea what the consequences
would be like. Since a man who has such a pitch-black nature like
Shiroe-sama exists, I truly cannot afford to let my guard down... eh?)
Henrietta examined her surroundings.
She had just realized that Shiroe had disappeared.

She remembered throwing him the clothes that he was meant to wear, but
now, that overbearing man was currently nowhere near the booth. There
was no sign of a certain black-haired girl either.
"——Shiroe-sama?"
After checking that there were no troublesome customers coming or going,
Henrietta straightened her back and scanned the area. While Henrietta
was taller than Maryele by a bit, the endless traffic in front of the stall
obscured her vision.
"Where is——"
"Yes, the items this time are experimental. Therefore, for the sake of
getting as much feedback from as many people as possible, every
customer is restricted to two items."
"I've already made it clear that I'm willing to pay!"
"That's not the problem."
Henrietta, who had craned her neck to search, heard Shiroe's bland voice.
It sounded like he was dealing with somebody's complaint. Henrietta
examined the endless streams of people and finally spotted Shiroe's figure
at a booth located opposite the passageway.
Shiroe was wearing a long sleeveless hooded vest. This, coupled together
with a thin long-sleeved T-shirt worn on the inside, made him look
"presentable". He was holding his ground, with a steady expression, in
front of a merchant who looked impatient to the point of releasing steam
from his head.
Wearing Crescent Moon's apparel, Shiroe looked more like a normal
Japanese youth than a character from medieval times. That appearance
gave Henrietta a nagging feeling that she was getting a sneak peek into
Shiroe's private life back in the original world.
"Sorry, please let me through!"
Henrietta only managed to get a glimpse of him before losing him in the
crowd again. She cut through the mass of customers enjoying the expo
and rushed towards the opposite booth.

That was the guild Cocoa Brown's booth.
Shiroe stood among the staff, facing a merchant who was shaking in
frustration. Akatsuki was next to him, but it seemed as though Shiroe was
stopping her rather than protecting her.
Cocoa Brown's clothing stall seemed to specialize in small accessories,
selling beautiful precious stones of various colors as well as
delicately-crafted necklaces and earrings.
Henrietta felt that the items on display were very classy. She had already
seen them earlier, before the expo's opening, when she was greeting the
booths around theirs. Furthermore, the items were priced shockingly low,
to which the Cocoa Brown staff explained that 'This is in gratitude to the
battle guilds that have been taking care of small guilds like ourselves.'
"It's like I've been saying, right? If you sell them to me, your crafters will be
known among the People of the Land——"
"I'm sorry, please leave."
Shiroe continued to reject the merchant's offer.
By this point, the crowd nearby had noticed the commotion and naturally
formed a semicircle around Cocoa Brown.
This ill-mannered merchant was trying to buy Cocoa Brown's goods in
bulk. It was okay to buy just one or two items, but a bulk purchase would
make the stall unable to continue its operation for the remainder of the
expo.
If their aim had been profit or to sellout, then Cocoa Brown would have
sold everything by then. But that was not the case. It was their heartfelt
wish that their products would prove useful to Akiba's local Adventurers.
Thus, their policy of limiting the items sold per customer didn't sit well with
businessmen.
Adventurers had superior physical and magical capabilities in comparison
to the People of the Land. Their subclass level could allow them to achieve
crafting capabilities comparable to a master artisan's skill.
However, haggling and negotiations did not depend on physical abilities.
After all, the proficiency of some skills depended entirely on one's

personality and traits. Furthermore, the issue at hand had nothing to do
with physical capabilities and instead was about interpersonal skills.
This was why Shiroe had intervened.
He decided to lend a helping hand.
(This line of reasoning shouldn't be too far from the truth——ahhh, this
Person of the Land-san is quite unlucky.)
"Don't get so cocky, kid!"
Just as Henrietta managed to squeeze her way through the crowd to reach
the area in front of Cocoa Brown, the Person of the Land finally snapped
and tried to punch Shiroe.
The onlookers that gasped were mainly People of the Land.
Some of them even averted their eyes.
However, the result was as Henrietta had expected.
Shiroe stopped the punch with his fingers.
Shiroe was an enchanter. Like the other magic classes, an enchanter's
stamina and strength were lower than the other classes——however, that
only applied when compared to an Adventurer of a different class and of
similar level.
With a level difference of over 50, and up against a People of the Land no
less, even as a magician, the difference in agility and strength was
overwhelming. In Shiroe's eyes, the haughty merchant's fist was nothing
more than a balloon.
Because Shiroe caught the People of the Land's punch, it was not judged
as an "attack" and there was no sign of the city guards appearing.
As he caught the punch from the middle-aged merchant with his left hand,
Shiroe stopped Akatsuki with his right, probably to keep her from drawing
her dagger. Akatsuki gave Shiroe a displeased look.
"Have you had enough?"
Shiroe asked with a smile.

In spite of his smile, the bard Henrietta could clearly sense a formless
energy being focused in Shiroe.
Shiroe was gathering the mana in the air. Because both bards and
enchanters were similar in that they could provide mana to their party,
Henrietta was keenly aware of what was happening.
The expressions on the faces of other Adventurers also changed as they
became aware of Shiroe's actions.
Brandishing a friendly smile on his face, Shiroe gradually amplified the
oppressing atmosphere. All around them, a look of horror could be seen.
Shiroe was not casting any spell.
He was merely accumulating mana without casting one.
Therefore, it was not an act of combat and the city guards would not
appear. Moreover, his expression was kind and did not contain even a hint
of aggression.
And even though the People of the Land weren't as sensitive to magic as
Adventurers, at that point, they too should have felt the enormous amount
of mana emanating from Shiroe.
The middle-aged merchant's face rapidly grew white and withdrew his fist
from Shiroe's hand.
"This is unpleasant, I'm leaving!"
He hastily muttered these words and fled the scene.
"There are a lot of hot-blooded people."
"My lord, didn't you also force him into a corner?"
"If you had dealt with him, wouldn't he have lost his head?"
"After breaking all of his limbs."
Shiroe appeased Akatsuki as she tilted her face up.

Shiroe shrugged helplessly as members of Cocoa Brown thanked him. The
cute and round face of the dwarf girl had tears of gratitude in them as she
held his hands tightly.
"Shiroe-sama."
Henrietta was startled when she heard her own voice.
That was because it contained a somewhat displeased tone.
"What's the matter?"
"Nothing, it's just that..."
"My lord, it must be time for us to go back to work."
"That's right."
Upon hearing Akatsuki's reply, Shiroe scratched his head, his previous
aura having totally disappeared. The crowd nearby had also begun
dissipating as though satisfied with the ending.
"Henrietta-san?"
"Yes, Shiroe-sama?"
"——This expo is so chaotic."
Henrietta instantly set aside her musings on "Why am I feeling unhappy?"
and considered the meaning behind Shiroe's statement.
A chaotic expo.
The disturbance in this incidence should be referring to the People of the
Land incident just now. Thinking back, she had also just handled a
business transaction that nearly turned into a fight. It was because on one
side, there was a People of the Land, while on the other, it was an
Adventurer that was lacking in experience... that was what Henrietta
suspected. Did Shiroe think differently?
(Shiroe-sama saw something? If that's the case...)
Henrietta was in doubt. She couldn't decide whether or not to inform him of
her bad premonition from earlier.

"Erm, Shiroe-sama..."
"Indeed, the actions of the People of the Land are suspicious, but given
that we don't know enough, we simply cannot make anything out of this
situation."
She understood the things which Shiroe had just whispered. In other
words, he too had felt some sort of unknown machination.
Akatsuki looked at him worriedly.
Henrietta wanted to talk to him so that perhaps, with his insight, he could
shed new light on her doubts.
However, Shiroe had already begun to act. Speaking softly, he definitely
was not talking to himself, but was contacting others through telepathy.
He focused on his secret conversation.
Finally, he nodded and turned towards Henrietta and stated his deduction
clearly.
"It seems as though someone is attacking Akiba."

Part 2
Today, Raynesia had been in a rush since the break of dawn.
Of course, this was not of her own volition.
She had believed that she could let her hair down while the festival's
preparations were taking place——at least eventually.
She had planned to become "plant-like", to be a lazy-bum, to act like a
"spoiled child" to her heart's content.
However, dealing with a near constant stream of invitations and guests
made her unable to make time for an afternoon nap. Elissa was bustling
around the room like a bee, taking out dresses and accessories from
everywhere and considering how to pair them with each other.
The reason why Elissa was behaving in this manner was not because she
was one of those airheaded girls who enjoyed dressing up.

In the nobles' society, an event such as a dinner party or a formal meeting
was an important gathering which was used as a show of prestige. A mere
trinket could convey multiple meanings and messages to other parties
according to its value, its color, and what gemstones it contained. This was
how nobles socialized: with subtlety and allusion.
For instance, Raynesia was the second daughter of a duke. However,
because the eldest daughter had already married out of the family, she
was considered the oldest daughter in the family line. Also, while the
reason for her deployment to the city was publicly announced as "a sincere
and personal apology to the Adventurers", in reality, she was there as the
representative of both the members of the 'League of Free Towns Eastal'
and the Corwen clan. This was a rather evident fact.
Therefore, in situations like a formal reception, she had to make absolutely
certain that Eastal's most prestigious noble family——Clan
Corwen——would not be shamed. On the other hand, using her status as
a representative as a shield, she could then leave subtle hints under the
table. When meeting with merchants, she had to don jewelry of the
appropriate value so as not to be despised, and when she was meeting
with nobility, accessories that stressed her family's lineage and status were
in order. If both parties knew each others' family situations, one could
choose to avoid a fashion faux pas by wearing something that clashed with
the other party's, or one could even intentionally dress to compliment their
attire. In the end, it was a game of complex psychological warfare.
Given that such a task needed a meticulous eye for detail and it could not
be performed by the inexperienced maids who served as her helpers, the
choice was left to Elissa to handle. It had to be executed by someone who
was familiar with the mannerisms of nobles, as well as the customs of the
clan. Such was Elissa.
It was obvious that she could not wear the same attire the entire day.
She had to change her clothes and accessories for each new guest,
making her very busy.
Nobles were very particular about keeping appearances. For instance,
among the nobility, it was considered bad form to refuse the request of
another party right on the spot. This was true even for cases like a minor
noble making a request to a higher-classed noble. Even if it were just for

show, she had to follow such customs to satisfy the demands of high
society.
Thus when making requests, a lower noble would have to be more careful
'not make a request the other party cannot agree to', and if you were the
higher-classed noble to whom the request was made to, one had to show
subtle 'hints reminding the other party to know their place'. In this political
dance, clothes, gossip and gifts were the tools of the trade.
"Ah, really... What am I to do about the dinner party? I really have no idea
what these Adventurers find tasteful."
"Can't we just go with the usual?"
"And what is this 'usual' you speak of?"
"Um... light and airy?"
"Princess Raynesia, really?"
Even Elissa, it seemed, had not fully grasped the social etiquette
Adventurers' adhered to.
In the 'League of Free Towns Eastal', how one could convey gratitude was
common sense. But for the nobility, who would give thanks by giving
awards or by asking someone to kneel down to be knighted, giving their
thanks to Adventurers was a complete mystery. To know how to dress or
how to act for people you did not know was utterly impossible.
Since this was so, the dinner party was modeled to resemble what was
popular as closely as possible. The food too was done in this fashion as
apart from the food the palace chefs that came from Maihama made, half
of the cuisine was from restaurants around Akiba. If such an event were
held in Maihama palace, scandals like "they are making fools of their
guests!" were bound to come up. Fortunately, it seemed that for
Adventurers, such an event was alright.
Since the general direction of the party was plain to see, Raynesia saw no
need to worry about anything whatsoever. To her, it served no purpose to
get frazzled over things that hadn't even started yet, so she decided to laze
about to pass the time. But it was an undeniable fact that Raynesia had
such a disposition because she lived a life of indolence while avoiding
people as much as possible.

However, the situation changed.
"This should be on the list——next, coupled with a jade necklace, please
wait. Remember last year, you received a birthday gift in..."
Elissa's voice contained a hint of nervousness.
"You're right, I have to pay attention to status... right?"
It was all too sudden.
Raynesia received notice that the western merchant Lord Marvis was
about to visit.
Lord Marvis was a merchant by trade, but was also an important member
of 'Holy Empire Westelande's nobility. Although her family's standing was
not inferior to his, she still could not afford to be careless. And judging from
the timing of his visit, he was most definitely sent here by order of the
palace.
(The rumors that the west had changed were certainly true.)
Raynesia bit her lip.
Of course, there was a good reason for her stress.
About 280 years ago, the Yamato archipelago was a single, unified
country. Commonly called the ancient dynasty, the Westelande Imperial
Dynasty was ruled by a royal family which dominated the whole
archipelago by use of force.
But during the chaos incited by the Six Scrapped Princesses, the royal
family came to ruin. Following its annihilation, the unified Yamato split
apart after the power that was keeping it together was lost.
However, Yamato's current nobility continued the system of 'dynastic
succession' used in the ancient dynasty. After the death of the royal family,
being the core of the former social strata, Yamato's people were then ruled
by the feudal lords that served the former Westelande Imperial Dynasty.
To the 'League of Free Towns Eastal', this fact was also very significant.
The title 'Duke' of the Corwens, Raynesia's family and one of only two
dukedoms found in Yamato, was originally bestowed during the

Westelande Imperial Dynasty. Likewise, the lords of the 'League of Free
Towns Eastal' inherited their 'right to rule' the People of the Land from their
ancestors.
Of the areas of Yamato that were once under the Westelande Imperial
Dynasty, the two most influenced, 'Holy Empire Westelande' and the
'League of Free Towns Eastal', practically split the archipelago in two.
The 'Holy Empire Westelande' had recognized the Itsuki clan as the
successors to the Westelande Imperial Dynasty.
Even though Raynesia was not too familiar with history, she did know that
the Itsuki clan was a "branch family" of the ancient dynasty's royal family.
The origins of the Itsuki clan came about from a political sacrifice. As their
clan had moved to Ise, they survived the destruction of the Westelande
Imperial Dynasty.
Naturally, the Itsuki clan was put forward to be leaders of the Holy Empire
Westelande as their name alone held a strong appeal to rulership, being
the "legitimate successors" of the Westelande Imperial Dynasty.
However, not all of Yamato's nobility recognized the Itsuki clan as royalty.
In fact, both Akiba and the 'League of Free Towns Eastal', to which
Raynesia belonged to, did not acknowledge the Itsuki clan as their rightful
rulers.
In the end, the Itsuki clan was only a branch of the royal bloodline.
Once the clan split from the bloodline, its title could not be reinstated.
Besides, if it only were a question of having royal lineage, then even the
Corwen clan had royal blood in their veins through a number of political
marriages as described by the records kept by the aristocracy.
With the way things were, the Corwen clan did not recognize the Itsuki clan
as the successors to the royal bloodline. Having said that, the fact that they
were still a branch family of the royal bloodline could not be taken lightly.
Under the hierarchical system of the previous Westelande Imperial
Dynasty, the Itsuki clan outclassed the Corwen clan. From this political
standpoint, even though both the eastern 'League of Free Towns Eastal'
and the western 'Holy Empire Westelande' both branched out from the
royal lineage, they always had a tense relationship.

This Lord Marvis person, the man that was sent here by the 'Holy Empire
Westelande' this time, was a highly ranked noble. Raynesia had once
heard that he was the head of the merchant nobility and that he was in
charge of maritime trade.
Although this dinner party was intended to improve relations with
Adventurers, if this person wanted to drop by, they could not refuse him an
invitation. He was not the kind of man that could be refused with a "maybe
later, when we've got time".
Raynesia shook her head to clear her dark thoughts.
After all, both Lord Marvis and Raynesia were People of the Land, and by
the culture left behind by the royal family in Yamato, they were both
nobles.
Because of this, it could be said that they were of equal
footing——meaning both needed to adhere to the norms of etiquette and
culture high society demanded.
(At least...)
What she could do right now was do her duty, that was what Raynesia was
thinking.
As a daughter of the Corwen clan in Akiba——called "Princess Raynesia".
She felt that doing her best here was a way to repay Akiba for saving her
home.
Raynesia stood up, with her snowy-white dress flowing with her.
Although she did not know the intentions of this noble from the west, she
had decided to be the vanguard in this battle.

Part 3
"Hmm..."
"This is an attack. As they are using propaganda or psychological warfare,
this is really leaving a bad taste in my mouth."
Shiroe sighed softly.

Aside from the taste, it was also incredibly bad mannered.
The intent of such actions was obvious.
This attack on Akiba by an unknown entity seemed to be an attempt to
discredit the Round Table Council and to weaken the unity of the city.
However, this approach was too crude.
Was it because of the "enemy's" incompetence? Or...
"... Or arrogance?"
Akatsuki turned her head upon hearing Shiroe muttering to himself.
He waved his hands hastily upon seeing the situation.
"It's nothing, put away your dagger."
"But, my lord..."
"You will have no opportunity to use that this time."
Akatsuki unwillingly hid the ice-cold weapon under her skirt. Shiroe averted
his eyes from her thighs and looked at Henrietta.
"Akiba is under attack."
"Yes."
Henrietta gave a stiff, curt nod.
Seeing that Henrietta had already noticed, Shiroe decided it was best if he
shared some information.
"Our enemies should be making use of the ruckus to spread rumors. They
aim to undermine the authority of the Round Table Council."
"... We have to counter this quickly, maybe even stop the festival if
necessary."
"That might not be the best strategy."
Shiroe calmly replied to Henrietta, who was hastily trying to find a solution.
"If we halt the festival, the public will doubt the Round Table Council's
ability to handle emergencies, resulting in our loss of authority, and our

enemies will have achieved their goal. Thus, the best thing we can do at
this time is to reduce the number of disruptions to a minimum and to
resolve them as well. The festival must continue."
"True... that makes sense."
Henrietta looked pale.
Being under the indirect attack of mysterious assailants had produced
quite a bit of stress. And it was not as if Shiroe wasn't under the same
amount of stress, but rather as Shiroe had a better grasp of the situation,
he appeared calmer.
Shiroe's instincts told him that the People of the Land were behind this
attack. There were numerous reasons for such an assumption, but his
primary basis was the "intent to weaken the authority of the ruling
organization".
Including Shiroe, Yamato's Adventurers were Japanese from the real
world.
Not to sound boastful, but the Japanese saw no value in undermining the
authority of its governing body. In fact, they viewed those in politics or in
the police force as people who provided world-class service. If such
organizations failed, it would only inconvenience them. So for most
Japanese, they would rather leave these organizations to their own
devices. So such notions as 'the Japanese government being incompetent
is only natural' did not originate from the Japanese people themselves. In
other words, Akiba's Adventurers, who were also Japanese, would not
think of 'undermining the authority of the ruling organization'.
Furthermore, the unrefined manner of this attack provided another clue.
The People of the Land behind this would not expect this attack to
physically harm Akiba's Adventurers. That was to be expected, as it would
at most cause the failure of the festival and worsen the security of the city.
It could only result in the criticism of the Round Table Council, but would
not weaken the Adventurers themselves.
This level of attack wouldn't achieve their goal, even if that were to
'undermine the authority of the Round Table Council'. It should be viewed
as merely a phase in their plan.

In that case, what was their real objective? And how would they benefit
from it?
They probably wanted to use this chaos to get an advantage during
negotiations with Akiba.
This should be the aim of the 'merchants from the west', as mentioned
when Minori reported in via telepathy. Since the Round Table Council and
the 'League of Free Towns Eastal' signed an agreement, naturally the
People of the Land from the west also wanted the same to prevent the
benefits from being monopolized. In order to achieve better terms and
conditions, they conducted a preemptive strike.
If the mastermind were able to mobilize such a large number of merchants,
then this person should be a merchant or noble who possessed quite a bit
of wealth.
The only person who could fit this criteria had already entered the city
beforehand, a conclusion Shiroe drew after confirming it with Isaac.
Shiroe could understand this.
According to the current situation, this attack was certainly effective.
However, Shiroe felt that if that were all there was, then it was too crude
and inelegant.
They only gained a slight advantage in price negotiation through
intimidation and gossiping after mobilizing so many people. That was the
extent of their capability.
"So it's the west, huh..."
"Please keep it a secret for the moment."
Shiroe requested this of Henrietta after explaining it to her back at
Crescent Moon Alliance's booth.
"I don't mind, Shiroe-sama, but what should we do next?"
"Hmm..."
Shiroe paused again.

Shiroe was one of the eleven founding members of the Round Table
Council. However, it was mostly an autonomous organization that was
trusted by Akiba's residents. If he acted alone, based on his own
judgement... Shiroe broke his own train of thought.
He was dead-set that "there would be no easy solution."
(Seems like there is no need for bloodshed this time... since the foe is
causing trouble with such arbitrary means, they should be prepared for our
retaliation too.)
He also had this slightly reckless idea.
We might fight when beaten back, this was only right and proper. In this
place, the cause and effect would be more severe than back home. No, he
had to take the defensive; defending oneself was a right that needed no
explanation.
"Of course we're going to fight back."
The out-of-place feeling Shiroe felt since yesterday's "chaos" cleared up
after asking the 'Production Guild Liaison Committee'. The number of
cases they needed to handle had increased.
The disputes in the city and the minor incidents that escalated to quarrels
were merely the tip of the iceberg. For example, they would split a request
that normally took only one form into two, take up the staff's time by
making them go through unnecessary paperwork, not pay the exact
amount in taxes, and attempt to bribe the officials. When you looked at
them separately, they were all trivial issues. But there was someone
pushing these minor issues to their limits as a means to attack Akiba.
It was difficult for Adventurers to determine if such actions were malicious.
But these silly contacts continued to accumulate, trying to bind the
'Production Guild Liaison Committee'—— and even the Round Table
Council.
The enemy would mercilessly exploit this vulnerability.
Where were the "enemies" focusing their attack?
At this stage, they should be targeting the 'Production Guild Liaison
Committee's' administrative operations-related parts. City entrance,

warehouse facilities, flea market inspections. Filing false or repeated
reports focused on these businesses would overwhelm the administrative
powers of the liaison committee.
The places where Adventurers or People of the Land were interacting were
also targets. The enemy was attempting to spoil the festive mood by
disrupting these venues.
To resolve these situations, they would have to "increase the number of
staff". The focus was to establish an efficient and flexible organization.
The governing bodies headed by the Round Table Council were all formed
by volunteers. Volunteers displayed problem-solving abilities above their
usual level when their number and morale were high. But insufficient
numbers would lead to fatigue, which in turn would deplete their morale.
Without adequate coordination and direction, they would lose their way.
——We must reorganize the command system and deploy more
manpower.
In addition, that alone would not be enough to stop any "follow up" attacks.
If Shiroe was in their shoes, he would be ready to play his next card in
hand to press the attack. Such a scheme would seriously undermine the
administrative ability of the Round Table Council.
Shiroe calmly examined the situation.
(The battlefield is vast. Each individual attack is but a prick, barely worth
mentioning... but the field of attack encompasses the entirety of Akiba. The
sheer scope of things makes it impossible for me alone to handle. Even the
help of Log Horizon would be insufficient. However, if I were to mobilize the
Round Table Council, there are certain disadvantageous aspects. In fact,
the enemy is probably waiting for this very move, so they can take
advantage of the various vendor disputes and disrupt our position.)
The priority at the moment was to contact the appropriate people for
assistance, but this had to be kept within the upper management of the
Round Table Council. This prevented panicking the public, which would
then take more manpower to handle. The attack was directed towards the
Round Table Council by overwhelming the 'production guild liaison
committee' with saturation attacks; hastily raising the alert level would
make them fall into the enemy's trap.

(The best way, really, is to let this incident resolve itself...)
Shiroe started thinking of the possible outcomes.
He mentally created simulations of the deployment of combat power at
hand. If one idea failed, he would change the conditions of the simulation.
Shiroe stopped breathing, moving away from the murmur surrounding him,
and the silence of the world enveloped him. He accelerated the simulation,
trying to find the balance that had to exist somewhere.
Even the worried Akatsuki watching Shiroe had disappeared from his eyes.
Shiroe was so immersed in his thoughts that light and sounded faded away
from his senses.
However, there was nothing.
Shiroe was not good at dealing with an "enemy" that used such attacks.
The "enemy" seemed to lack a master strategy. The commander's purpose
should be broadly understood as a whole, but each attack was almost
always a type of "live" action. The assault was not based around a single
point of careful strategy, but was rather about finding opportunities to make
random attacks.
They could only know about the attack after the enemy had already
finished preparations and initiated the offensive. Shiroe, who used
preparation as a weapon, was bad at countering such tactics.
(Well wow, I hate this kind of opponent.)
Even though Shiroe had requested Akatuski and the others to engage the
enemy, the situation was in fact much more complicated and frustrating
than he had imagined. It was impossible to predict an enemy that would
randomly regroup and attack targets of opportunity. If the enemy had
instead chosen to focus their energy on a single point, their location could
have been calculated, and defenders could gather to fortify the position. It
would have been possible for a small group of defenders to repel a much
larger army. This time, however, the enemy had chosen to simultaneously
attack everywhere at once. Moreover, the enemy "agents" didn't
necessarily bear any malicious intent, and were merely pawns being
utilized by the enemy. Shiroe was thus unable to properly interpret and
anticipate the various movements of the enemy groups.

(This time, there is no other way but to give up.)
Shiroe switched to another point of view.
He gave up on dealing with all the conditions.
(Some things simply cannot be done. With this in mind, we should focus
instead on what we can do.)
It was now past noon, so there was not enough time to remedy the
situation. If no countermeasures were deployed within the next hour, the
situation would deteriorate so much that it would become obvious to the
citizens.
In this situation, you had to find out what you could do to fight the
"enemy"...

"Huh, isn't it Shiro-senpai? So you were at Crescent Moon's booth, that
makes sense."
Shiroe turned to look and spotted his friend, West Wind Brigade's Soujirou,
at the back of the crowd. Today, Soujirou was wearing a deep blue floral
hakama, with his hair tied into a short ponytail and carrying two swords
around his waist.
"It's been a while." "Afternoon!" "Greetings, this is the first time we've met."
"Who's this?" "It's Log Horizon's..." "Yaaay!"
A chorus of greetings, bright and melodious, rang forth from the girls
accompanying Soujirou.
"I went to the cake store Senpai recommended. Their service was
amazing! They brought out sixteen full cakes for me. I couldn't quite finish,
so I found a couple guild mates to assist me. As more of us arrived, they
kept bringing us more and more cakes! Such warmth and kindness... Ah,
eh?"
Shiroe felt his legs go weak, almost causing him to collapse on the spot.
That wasn't service, that's just increasing the cake count to match the
number of people per the competition rules!
The retort almost made its way out of Shiroe's mouth, but was restrained at
the last moment. Soujirou remained completely oblivious.
"They ran out of stock after bringing out 30 cakes, but everyone enjoyed
them. Oh, I like the orange mousse cake, it has a great taste, tastes like
summer on the finish."
(Ah ah, really, Soujirou, this guy...)
Even though Shiroe felt weak, Soujirou had "avenged" his humiliation, and
he put a hand on Soujirou's shoulder.
"Shiro-sempai? What's the matter?"
"I'm fine, Soujirou, come, there's something suitable for you to handle."
The enemy was fighting a secret war with saturation attacks, but was not
following the usual rules and regulations of saturation combat.

In this case, "unintentional", which was better than "lawless", would be the
most suitable line of defense.
The best candidate to fight was right in front of Shiroe.

Part 4
Minori clenched her fist after ending her telepathy call.
Her fears had come true.
Akiba——Minori and her friends were under attack.
"You're certain of this?"
Minori nodded in response to Charasin, who was taken aback.
"Shiroe-san also shares this view."
Charasin bit his nails with a serious expression on his face while reviewing
the document, and then started thinking about it once again.
Minori had been in this office for nearly eight hours, almost never taking a
break since morning from the continuous process. Most of the mountain of
documents had disappeared, now compressed into wooden file boxes in
the corner of the room.
They had started to get a hold of the situation.
The reports were dispersed to avoid detection, but the number of Western
merchants exceeded 15% of the total number of participants.
The quantity was not the issue. The problem was, that 15% was causing
more than 60% of the storm.
This room served as the command center for the Libra Festival.
Gathered here were prior and subsequent intelligence reports.
Using "reports" was a mistake from the start. The multitude of different
"reports" was overwhelming the administrative process.
Of course, documents were very important.

Keeping records was the iron rule in administrative work, and in this world,
it could only be done on paper.
The 'Production Guild Liaison Committee', though, had an overwhelmingly
inadequate processing power. If they stuck to the level of detail they had
originally planned, they would ultimately fail in consolidating the reports.
While they also lacked experience in doing this, the main culprit was the
lack of manpower.
This became a window the other side could exploit.
Some examples included the simple survey of goods that were brought in,
the permit to sell at the flea market, the paperwork authorizing the sale of
merchandise, the documents for renting the common warehouse of the
Round Table Council, the permit to withdraw goods on site. There was a
shortage of on-site staff everywhere.
Delays caused by pressure, the pressure caused a storm.
This jumble, caused by People of the Land, was much more than
expected, leading to the inevitable——that was the unintended result. In
other words, they did not expect this clutter, which was also the
responsibility of the liaison committee. Charasin was reflecting on this.
But after organizing the reports, the actual situation was clear. Western
merchants were deliberately complicating the administrative procedure
with repeated applications.
A person or a group was trying to increase the burden on the system.
Charasin confirmed that the guilds responsible for patrolling the city, D.D.D
and the Black Sword Knights, were at their limit dealing with the rapid
increase of quarrels and disputes, while voices criticizing the Round Table
Council of incompetence began to rise.
With things having escalated to such a degree, Charasin told Minori to
contact Shiroe so that there would be no gaps in information, which would
result in their disadvantage.
Minori's prediction was unfortunately supported by Shiroe's report.
"Minori-chan, will you go back to Shiroe-dono?"

She had expected Charasin to ask this question, and shook her head "no"
as she planned.
"I am not going back to Shiroe-san."
"Ah?"
"I want to stay here."
Minori stressed this once again.
Charasin's look of dismay, too, was as expected.
When groups were under attack, they tended to gather at the leader's side.
This was the defensive instinct of both humans and animals, and even
guilds too.
In these kinds of situations, members would gather next to the guild master
to wait for instructions, this was the general concept of coping. This was
the rule of thumb for joining guilds. When being subjected unilaterally by
an unidentified social aggression, like right now, most guild masters, like
Charasin, had just issued instructions, and members had been summoned
to the guild hall.
Moreover, since Minori was still young, Charasin believed that she should
return to Shiroe's protective wings.
But instead, Minori decided to stay here.
Her document-organizing capabilities were on the level of an administrative
officer's. Of course, the 8th District Shopping Center had several such
members that worked in the background, but seeing how Minori virtually
"eradicated" the clutter in the office, he could not refuse her decision to
stay.
Minori deliberately pretended not to see Charasin's worried look, and took
a deep breath.
This here was her battleground.
From her perspective, these documents and this office seemed to be other
things.
Information in her consciousness naturally switched to form a new image.

(In other words, use the same approach as before.)
The problem was "dealing with an insufficient processing capability".
It was the same idea as "having an insufficient healing capacity".
Minori could recollect the chilling, murderous, and suffocating tension.
Slowly, she relaxed her clenched hands, her body resuming the blood
circulation. That's right, she could imagine this as a raid battle.
Looking back, her throat became dry, her body cooling down.
Use the same approach as in Ragranda, Choushi, and Sand Leaf. Imitate
what Shiroe did, follow in his footsteps.
"I'll stay here and deal with the warehouse work. Can all the warehouse
documents be moved over here?"
"Huh? Ah, ah, oh, that is... if you're willing to help, I am of course very
grateful."
Charasin gave instructions to the youth beside him, Taro.
This so-called warehouse was the Round Table Council's managed
materials storage. Small- and medium-sized guilds could rent the
warehouse space for a small fee. This was established during the Round
Table Council's creation.
After the Catastrophe changed the world, material quality would affect the
finished product's quality. So for producers, identifying which materials
were good or bad to purchase became very important.
Before, if the item name was 'tomato', regardless of what 'tomato' was
used, the quality of the finished dish was the same——but of course, it all
just tasted like moist crackers. Now, if an inferior 'tomato' was used, a
tomato salad would be of poor-quality, and it would just become disgusting
food. It was therefore increasingly necessary to check the quality of items
personally before a purchase.
This gave a need to improve the management system of large
warehouses. Large guilds could use their personal large-scale
warehouses, but small- and medium-sized guilds couldn't. In response to

this, the Round Table Council set up several large warehouses and was
responsible for their management.
During the Libra Festival, these warehouses were also open to the People
of the Land.
For example, a People of the Land with over-laden carriages would need
such services. Among their products, much of it wouldn't be able to be
placed in the hotel's warehouse, or were bulky items. Some high-level
items required special storage, like Tianjin Winter Clothes, which were
made by elves and needed a refrigerated warehouse, or else it would be
nearly impossible to maintain its freshness.
But by opening their use to the People of the Land, the process itself had
become complicated, and this was a fact. All of the goods must be kept in
a detailed list, or they could not be held responsible. In addition to the
usage of the warehouse, they had originally speculated that a fixed amount
would be taken out every morning, and in the evening the leftovers would
be stored; they hadn't planned on letting businesses withdraw goods
whenever they clinched a deal.
Frankly speaking, such a burden far exceeded the processing capacity of
the operational window——which was how Akiba came under attack, the
most illustrative example.
"Minori, sorry to keep you waiting."
"Ah, Tohya."
Tohya went into the office without a word, Minori nodded to acknowledge
him.
Communication between these twins was unique. Because of their
constant calls to reach each other, it could be made subconsciously to
each other, and was more like true telepathy that communicated through
thoughts alone.
"Charasin-san, I'm here to help, I'm her twin brother Tohya."
"Ah, ah, long time no see. Sorry to trouble you, thanks for helping."
"Got it. Then Minori, I'll be back."

After Tohya's simple greeting, he simply dropped the backpack and left the
office. Minori didn't ask where he was going.
Various warehouse goods were definitely kept on this floor somewhere. As
he said to Charasin, Tohya was going to get these custody orders.
The documents would soon be moved into the office at twice the speed.
The flea market reports and custody orders would also be brought here.
After cleaning up the current space in this office, they would have to deal
with the parallel processing of large amounts of documents.
This was the battlefield that Minori had chosen.
"Charasin-san, these are also for you."
As Minori was sorting the documents, the more important ones were
passed to Charasin. Written in red on the top right-hand corner of the file
was "urgent". He was somewhat puzzled, but nodded his head quickly
after inspecting it.
Charasin himself was a guild master whose practical abilities were highly
regarded by Shiroe. Even keeping track of supplies, such as potatoes
being "taken out multiple times", which Minori could not handle, were easy
for him by using short telepathy calls. This could calm the waters and
compensate for damages.
Minori was convinced of this.
At this moment, rushing back to Shiroe was not a good approach.
When the battlefront was in danger of collapsing, the rear guard needed to
support the front line defense. The healers had the obligation to trust the
vanguards.
(Although I'm not sure if I can be of any help...)
But at this moment, this office lacked manpower; the only people present
were Charasin and two 8th District Shopping Center volunteers, plus
Minori and Tohya.
——Even if it were the Libra Festival, the core staff only numbered at five
people.

Shiroe had only instructed that she and Tohya "meet up".
Minori pondered over the hidden intentions behind these words.
Minori's initial feeling about Shiroe's message was that "Akiba is now faced
with a situation that is not directly causing physical harm". If it progressed
into a dangerous situation, and Shiroe should order to meet him against all
odds, she would certainly go to him if necessary.
But after feeling at ease, she felt as though the message was giving her
the permission to act freely.
It wasn't simply giving her permission to act freely. Akiba was being
attacked. In effect, she was allowed freedom of movement, which she
interpreted as Shiroe looking to her to take action.
He was giving her a small expectation from afar.
Perhaps this was just a misunderstanding, but it was enough to make
Minori get fired up.
(However, if this really is the case... even if it's only for a little bit, if I can't
meet Shiroe-sama's expectations, I...)
I would like to imitate Shiroe in this office.
Minori came to this decision.
Reproduce Shiroe's full battlefield control.
While having two Shiroes in the same place was meaningless, if there
were no Shiroe here, then imitating him might be of relevance.
The People of the Land counter staff were the vanguard tanks. Charasin,
who was solving the problem using the time they brought, was the healer
in this case.
Prioritizing the issues at hand was of utmost importance, predicting how
things will progress. Sorting the intelligence allows things to move
smoothly, this was what Minori was "giving her all" to achieve.
(I cannot become the vanguard or the healer.)

Despite the lofty ideals, she had only organized the documents, copying
the content to other paper collations. Minori herself felt a kind of fire
burning inside her underlying the sense of helplessness and irritability, but
she tried freezing such sentiments.
She was a middle school student, and incompetence was a matter of
course.[7]
In these cases, blaming oneself and self-abusive behavior was useless on
the battlefield, which was Shiroe's teachings. Minori did not want to go
contrary to Shiroe's expectations.
'——Don't read the flow, but rather, 'become' the flow.'
Minori recollected Shiroe's gentle, half-joking voice.
(Be the flow...)
For the current Minori, the so-called fighting with the flow of files one after
another, that was moved in a series, as well as through a series of contact
whispers waiting for instructions. She wanted to turn into something like
this.
No worrying.
No thinking.
Turning herself 'into' the document itself, turning herself 'into' a solution.
Minori chased after the vague feeling of contact as she focused on the task
at hand.

Part 5
The venue for the dinner party was shrouded by a luxurious atmosphere.
This was where Raynesia resided, on the entire first floor of the "Water
Maple Consulate". The "Water Maple Consulate" was where Raynesia was
posted when she came to Akiba, which was purchased by the Cohen duke
of Maihama and one of the many buildings that were redeveloped.

Originally, it was almost in ruins, with only the basic structure of the
building remaining. Now, it had been converted into a People of the Land
aristocratic style mansion.
This was a Consulate in outer appearance only, as it offered
accommodations for visitors, and was also often used to conduct meetings
or to examine local products and other practical work. So even though it
was Raynesia's private residence in name, it was of considerable size. It
had three large halls, a total of 80 rooms, and more than 30 regular staff.
The Consulate would be holding the grandest of the events——the dinner
party. The number of staff increased, as the usual 30 people would be
unable to cope. More chefs from Maihama had arrived, there weren't
enough bards or waiters, and there was urgent recruitment of kitchen staff
from Akiba professionals; it was a large-scale mobilization of many people.
In fact, the staff was not limited to People of the Land.
Although there were few, some Adventurers joined to cook, serve food,
entertain or work behind the scenes. Adventurers had high income levels;
Raynesia was using the People of the Land as a benchmark for salary so
she never thought Adventurer applicants would come, but this was Akiba,
there were Adventurers that 'were interested' and a 'join in on the fun'
mentality that applied.
Probably from a sense of obligation, these Adventurers were even busy
working behind the scenes of this gorgeous banquet, working side-by-side
with People of the Land of the opposite gender and got to know each
other, establishing somewhat adorable relationships and having the
opportunity to talk to each other.
"Thank you very much."
Raynesia gave a sweet smile to the nearest Adventurer that greeted her.
The young Adventurer looked cold and indifferent while looking away, but
still quietly replied, this was how it should be.
The boy participated in the Sand Leaf campaign, working in support and
siege warfare. Raynesia could only be grateful, so she made this event,
the dinner party that would be held today, in order to thank them.
"Thanks to everyone's support, Maihama and the League of Freedom
Towns were saved, please accept my eternal gratitude."

Raynesia curtsied to show her appreciation.
The young man waved for her to stop, hurriedly telling her that "This isn't
worth your thanks, we are Adventurers and something like that is our
natural duty... it was a simple task."
The youth blushed, blurting out "Don't mind me, please don't!" as he left in
a rush.
"I think all of them are very pure."
"Correct... that is so."
Raynesia replied to Elissa behind her.
Adventurers——especially the young ones, seemed to be mostly reserved
people. Most Knights were also romantic, but they were inevitably too
invested in 'Chivalry' and forced their own values upon others.
In this respect, the young Adventurers often fled in panic when Raynesia
thanked them.
When Raynesia had first encountered this, she thought that she was hated
or marginalized, but she now understood that it wasn't like that. While in
the 'League of Free Towns Eastal', she was called the "sorrowful beautiful
princess" and people treated her as decoration and enjoyed her beauty. In
Akiba, it appeared to be similar; however, there was a different type of
admiration.
Adventurers would get embarrassed.
Elissa would say with a smile, "Goodness, they're all shy like children," but
Raynesia didn't think that was bad. Compared to awkward flattery, this
type of attitude gave her a more favorable impression, making her smile.
The consulate had room for about 300 guests.
Two-thirds were Adventurers, the rest were People of the Land. The
People of the Land included in this were a wide array of merchants and
executives running the city bank. Also present for the celebrations were the
heads of the Chambers of Commerce and Trade.
The lobby was filled with a very appetizing aroma.

The dinner party was intended to provide a venue for everyone to mingle
and chat, but it was important for the dishes to be perfect; chefs from
Maihama came to show their talents to Raynesia, making various luxury
dishes, as if to show off to Akiba's Adventurers.
Among those dishes were fish soup and beef with raspberry sauce,
examples of "re-developed" dishes. These were Sand Leaf's traditional
dishes prior to the revolution, when goods were still produced through the
synthesis menu.
Bland-tasting food was now but a hazy memory, the feeling of chewing on
rubber dishes had left a gloomy impression, surprising since that sort of
flavor could not truly be considered food.
But after the Revolution, there were many dishes that were no longer like
this. The crafting menu showed the list of necessary items to make
synthesis goods, and by extension the ingredients needed to make food;
however, knowledge of the recipe was required in order to make the
finished product have the same appearance as the synthesis menu dishes.
The Catastrophe exposed the People of the Land's ignorance. They knew
how twisted the situation was, that synthetic menu items couldn't be
crafted by hand. But brave chefs from Maihama tried to use the ingredients
on the list and strived to turn the unknown cooking methods into actual
local food.
Although it was hard to tell, today's guests seemed to be satisfied.
Raynesia traveled throughout the venue, introducing People of the Land to
Adventurers and Adventurers to People of the Land.
So far, the dinner party could be called a great success and everything
looked great. As Raynesia's grandfather Duke Corwen said, Adventurers'
bonds with the People of the Land would become the great treasure of
Eastal.
Raynesia thought so as well.
But this was the value of the bonds they made, everyday to polish and
refine the ability to welcome the result. Raynesia thought that their duty
was to foster this budding relationship.
This should be the reason her grandfather posted her in Akiba.

But she just wanted to be a sloth and laze around all day.
"Princess..."
"What is it, Elissa?"
Behind Raynesia stood her maid, taking advantage of the brief gap
between guest arrivals to grab Raynesia's attention. She looked unwell;
she probably heard some bad news from the maid who whispered in
Elissa's ears just now.
Fearing bad news, Raynesia mentally braced herself.
She was already prepared for this when she knew of Marvis' intention to
visit.
Raynesia had not seen Marvis at the dinner party. She had yet to receive
news of his arrival, which implied the bad news would be about him.
"There is bad news."
"... Although I dread it, please tell me."
"Lord Marvis will reach the lobby in about 10 minutes."
"I see."
That was as expected.
Even though this information didn't sit well with her, this was not to the
extent of being bad news.
"Then..."
"What's wrong?"
Raynesia pretended to be calm and urged her to go on.
"The thing is, Lord Marvis came with a ship to Akiba port filled with a lot of
goods that he would like to move into the warehouse, but..."
"What is the problem?"
"It was too sudden, coupled with the large amount of goods he is
carrying——the rental warehouse is a service intended for the
Adventurers' use."

Elissa responded in a troubled tone.
This was within her expectation. If any problems occurred, Raynesia was
obligated to help Marvis. Her job was to serve as a bridge between the
People of the Land and the Adventurers.
At this time, the noise in the venue picked up.
A large number of envoys had probably arrived, most likely Marvis', and it
was too late for Raynesia to hear any reports.
Raynesia brought Elissa along, Adventurers standing on the side greeted
her, and the orchestra was playing while she was walking across the hall.
A middle-aged aristocrat walked through the door.
Raynesia had never met him before, but this man was definitely the 'Holy
Empire Westelande' aristocrat——Marvis.
"We are honored by your presence."
Raynesia gently lifted her skirt, and gave a curtsy.
Raynesia held a unique position in the People of the Land's aristocratic
society. She was the daughter of the greatest noble clan in the East. Her
beauty earned her the name of 'Rose Princess' in the social world, and
was truly the envy of all people.
Nevertheless, she was a woman. In aristocratic society, women could not
engage in foreign affairs.
Raynesia was living in Akiba as a part of her duties, bridging the gap
between the People of the Land and Adventurers, providing all kinds of
cooperation opportunities. But the official reason she was here was as a
punishment for "Seeking help from Adventurers without the consent of the
'League of Free Towns Eastal'."
She was the representative of the East for People of the Land, stationed in
Akiba, but had no official position. She was merely 'the daughter of the
Corwen clan who is grounded as punishment'. Hence, she had to show
deep respect for the grand noble Marvis from the 'Holy Empire
Westelande'.
"Wow, really beautiful. If my memory is correct, you are the daughter of the
Corwen clan, Princess Raynesia, right?"

"Yes, Marvis-sama. Thank you for visiting tonight, and for honoring us with
your presence at this Autumn Celebration."
Raynesia hid her emotions perfectly, and elegantly bowed her head.
To tell the truth, she had a lousy impression of him.
It was downright terrible. Marvis looked like he was made of white clay.
Raynesia had accompanied her grandfather several times visiting nobles
of the 'Holy Empire Westlande', feeling repulsed by them every time.
Marvis was no different.
Having an ancient aristocratic culture, the 'Holy Empire Westelande' was
more conservative than the East, even the men wore perfume and lipstick.
Some were suitable for this, but from the 'League of Free Towns Eastal's
point of view, it was an outdated custom.
Raynesia was not interested in finding faults with others' appearances, but
with Marvis, the problem was not so much with his appearance, but with
his personality.
"It appears to be exceptionally lively, really a wonderful event."
"Yes, this is thanks to the good fortune you brought."
However, being noble-born, Princess Raynesia had the accumulated
experience of a thousand conversations with various officials and
diplomats. Even if it were with someone she could not stand, she would
still be able to effortlessly converse with them while wearing a faint smile
on her lips. Such was the foremost skill required of any child born of
nobility.
"However, how should I put this... I can't help but feel it is a bit too
disorderly."
"What do you mean?"
Hearing the disdain in the noble's voice, Raynesia raised an eyebrow.
"Nothing... for nobles and peasants to attend the same banquet, this must
be the guts of the East that inherited the blood of barbarians, hahaha...
really, I already gave hints not to come near me, shoo shoo."

"I am very sorry, we of the East are not well-versed with such customs,
that's why the dance party was held in this form. I do not know if it will fit
your tastes, but would you be willing to taste this wine from the East?"
This kind of statement of contempt was not something you can get used to,
nor was it easy to ignore. The 'League of Free Towns Eastal' was
comprised mostly of lands conquered by the 'Westelande Dynasty' during
its formation. The nobles of the 'Holy Empire Westelande' from Nakasu
had always viewed this place as a barbaric zone since the days of the
'Westelande Dynasty'.
In comparison, Ezzo was seen as a barren and sparsely populated place,
looked down on as uncivilized brutes. Ezzo called itself an empire after
gaining independence, the hostility from the central countries also spanned
from this.
Raynesia tilted her head slightly, pouring wine for the overdressed Mavis.
Mavis looked dreamily at her, slit-eyed, and suddenly touched her silver
hair.
A wave of anger flared up around her.
It came from the Adventurers closest to them. A young warrior in armor
holding a glass of wine and a samurai with his blade sheathed at his waist
glared with looks that could kill.
Their eyes conveyed the message: "Want us to slaughter this pig?" Their
concern made Raynesia smile.
The Adventurers were free like the birds. Raynesia was really glad to
understand how they felt.
But Raynesia declined their silent proposition with her eyes. Some
proposals were too kind for her to accept graciously. It would be bad if the
noble of the west got hurt, and Raynesia was expecting this level of
harassment from people like him.
If Raynesia didn't handle this well, this noble would be kicked out at best,
or slain on the spot at worst. For both the east and the west, as well as the
People of the Land and Adventurers, that would be an unfortunate
outcome.

If he just wanted to mock her, she was ready to take it in stride.
Raynesia held this view.
It stemmed from her laziness. She was confident enough to ignore all the
words she heard and kept herself on the verge of yawning. But she was
also prepared for Elissa's lecture after all that.
"Eh, all right princess, please prepare the warehouse with haste. The
goods I brought this time includes ingredients from the sea, it must be kept
fresh."
"I understand. I will make the arrangements, please wait for it in the
meantime."
Raynesia bowed her head and acknowledged his request.
But Mavis interrupted Raynesia with a disdainful expression.
"Ha! Princess, what are you saying? I have already sent in the documents
beforehand. A copy has already been sent to Maihama's Duke Sergead,
and I already received a reply."
"Eh?"
"You have already prepared for this, correct? We are bringing in top notch
merchandise, fit for the Itsuki clan of the Holy Empire. It is not something
you can leave lying around, understand?"

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Akatsuki
Age: 20
Weapon: Devotion
Specialty: Flying Knee (Kick)
Birthday: 7 July
Favorite Food: Dorayaki<td>Equipment
Light Purple Two-ft Long-Sleeved Kimono
A light purple, small long-sleeved kimono with the refreshing patterns of
scattered Chinese bellflowers. An original product of 〈Kimono Shop
Komachi〉, a production guild based in Akiba. Kimono Shop Komachi is
rare in the fact that it produces traditional Japanese clothing such as
kimonos and such in the world of Elder Tales.
Vermillion Lipstick
A light red lipstick. Not in a "tube form", but in the traditional paint form
applied (by spreading it on the lips) with the fingers. Although there are
brighter and more vivid shades, this is the limit of Akatsuki's tolerance.
Wind Chime of the Wind Dragon
A furniture-type item created by 〈Antique〉, a guild of artisans. The paper
at the bottom that catches the wind is formed from the scales of a wind
dragon. Akatsuki uses this wind chime as a doorbell.

Chapter 5: Libra Festival
Part 1
"No, you can't force it this way."
"Please queue up orderly!"
"I have received your documents. Yes, Okay."
The sweet voices sounded out harmoniously.
Elder Tales was a game, so the characters in it were either beautiful cute
ladies or handsome stylish men.
Hence, if a certain number of women gathered in one place, especially if
they were Adventurers, it would be a beautiful sight. But this was even
more elegant than that.
This was the countermeasure HQ set up near the entrance of the
exhibition lobby for this emergency. Shiroe was sighing silently inside.
This was not the first time he saw ladies working hard for Soujirou. They
say that 'Women in love are more beautiful', and it was true. Shiroe
explained it as the blushing cheeks, watery eyes, and the gentle
expressions made them more charming.
But Soujirou's followers... they called themselves his personal guards... did
not stop at that. They seemed to have heart signs floating all over their
bodies, and this aura was reflected in their voice which sounded sweet as
honey.
(It is super effective.)
Shiroe surveyed the area with a dull expression.
The young ladies with blue armbands were maintaining order all over the
place, even witnessing the deals between People of the Land merchants
and Adventurers, giving them advice.
Their movements were swift and smooth, it felt like they had went through
hundreds of hours of training.
But it was impossible for them to go through so many hours of training.

These were the real skills the personal guards of Soujirou possessed, who
took a lot of effort from Shiroe in convincing them to help. Although you
couldn't tell from their looks, they were a highly organized group.
And their telepathy network was ever-increasing.
From what Shiroe knew, West Wind Brigade which had Soujirou as its
guild master has about 30 odd members. But the number of girls in this
event was more than 50.
"Tactician Shiroe."
The neat-looking young lady greeted Shiroe.
It seemed like Shiroe assumed the tactician position out of nowhere. This
was because Soujirou instructed 'When you reach the place, listen to
Shiroe-senpai's orders'.
"5 more people have arrived, they can form a team and move out."
Shiroe knew she was competent and experienced from this concise report.
Only the core members of large guilds like 'Silver Swords' or 'Army Bikes'
could match her.
"Ah..."
Shiroe thought about how to say this.
Even though this was his battle plan, he knew how complicated his
expression must seem.
"Where is Soujirou?"
"Yes. Sou-sama♥ is in the lobby date... patrolling, escorted by the 4th
team."
Shiroe calculated the time as he looked out the window. It was about time
to move to the next phase.
"Contact Soujirou and ask him to return to the countermeasures HQ and
link up with the 5th team. Then proceed on a 45-minute patrol mission in
the lobby. The 4th team will take over the duties of the 5th, which is
guarding the HQ and manning the counters... Also, form the newcomers
into teams of 3 and detail them to the city zone patrol."

"Roger. I, I, I..."
"?"
The young lady's face turned red, making Shiroe moody.
"We, the 5th, will patrol with Sou-sama as per Tactician Shiroe's orders!"
This announcement made several of the personal guards who were
peeking here squeal in joy.
The girls muttered 'Together with Sou-sama!' 'It's my first time!' 'What
should I do, my panties are not cute enough!' these words that were full of
points to retort. Their eyes were no longer just watery, they were becoming
heart-shaped.
Their assumption was spot on.
Shiroe's plan this round used the patrol (dating) with Soujirou as bait to
draw in volunteers to help.
Soujirou would slowly patrol the clothing exhibition with 3 or 4 girls. With
the instructions to take it slow, this was actually a date. Soujirou had been
authorized to buy gifts for the girls with a budget of 20 gold for each of
them. The money was sponsored by the Round Table Council.
When Shiroe had a flash of brilliance and came up with this idea, he
thought: "This is an excellent plan!" But he retorted at the same time: "Will
this kind of tactic actually work?" But from the results, it was super
effective.
Although Shiroe did not know the details, Soujirou's personal guards were
united like steel (proclaimed by the girl he was conversing with). According
to her, from Soujirou's secretary to the newcomers, they had a pyramid-like
command structure. They used this structure to form teams flexibly,
handling all the disputes in the area by themselves.
Even when Soujirou was walking the streets slowly with a team, the other 6
parties were also patrolling the area, being prepared for any emergency.
Shiroe instructed them to not hesitate to contact him if things got out of
hand. They could also intimidate the merchants by telling them to take the
matters to the Round Table Council.

Shiroe was at high alert in the beginning, worrying about the People of the
Land spies or merchants escalating issues despite all this. But the People
of the Land could not bring themselves to do that when facing these
alluring ladies, and things had calmed down.
The girls had surprising motives.
The look in their eyes literally changed as they carried out their patrol
duties orderly and seriously. They handled situations honestly and tactfully,
showing no flaws. They might be able to get closer to Soujirou if they
volunteered for this, that was what they were imagining. Soujirou appeared
in front of them quite often and took different groups on patrol, motivating
them to work harder.
Since Soujirou might see them at any moment, their attitudes were careful
and respectful. They were like loving cats as they focused on acting their
role of a cute girl, but Shiroe could feel the aura of a tiger from them.
Unlike the motivated girls high on adrenaline, Shiroe's spirit was at rock
bottom. He didn't envy Soujirou and didn't want to build a harem. But
seeing such an obvious difference would make any man moody.
Soujirou was an outstanding young man. Mature, gentle, polite, and
reliable in battle. He also had a goofy side, tickling your desire to protect
him... Shiroe understood what they were describing. Because back in the
Debauchery Tea Party, Yomi and Nazuna spent lots of time explaining why
Soujirou was so charming to them.
Even so, Shiroe still didn't get it.
(Is that all it takes to be so popular?)
The pop idol status of Soujirou made people doubt whether this was some
kind of spell. They were envious, but unable to suppress their anger... It
was so unfathomable. Shiroe mumbled to himself.
"Tactician-dono, this is the first time we've met. We have been detailed to,
eh, 16? That's right, the 16th team."
Shiroe looked at the happy young lady standing at attention in front of him,
confirming his unfathomable feelings again.

(Why are such girls being mass-produced? Love is so mysterious. How
should I put this, those popular with the opposite sex are geniuses at some
level, but they are dangerous too.)
Shiroe recalled how Soujirou was.
A handsome youth who looked frail but loved to battle, with nothing to
complain about as a friend. Since they were playing games together, they
should be friends, but it was a bit different from the female perspective.
"Understood. Teams 9 to 18 will carry out zone security duties."
"Zone security? Sounds like a special police force!"[8]
The young lady was happy about something while Shiroe nodded gently.
Shiroe understood that he must not retort or resist such women who had
this sort of emotion.
"Hmmm, ah, my lord."
Akatsuki called out. Her gaze shifted between Shiroe and the Crescent
Moon Alliance stall. Her awkward expression probably came from the
clothes she was wearing.
"What is it?"
"Ermm... want to participate? We promised to go on stage right?"
Akatsuki reminded Shiroe of the agreement.
Now that she mentioned it, he'd made a promise with Henrietta to go on
stage to market their merchandise. Shiroe was in charge of miscellaneous
jobs and was an extra in the line up, Akatsuki was the main character they
were counting on. The old-world fashion clothing Akatsuki wore with
Henrietta's help should be used for the purpose of displaying on stage.
But Akiba was under attack right now.
They really had no time to do this.
"My lord is going to keep his word right...?"
"That is correct..."
(Hold it... Maybe not?)

Shiroe adjusted his glasses and thought.
The intention of the enemy was to overwhelm the administrative capability
of the Round Table Council with their saturation attack, causing loss of
confidence and even internal strife. To counter that, they should keep the
schedule of Libra festival as close to their plan as possible. Shiroe had
been thinking that way, but was now considering changing this policy
slightly.
(Outsiders won't know what our schedule is like. If it looks like a success,
some ad-lib performance should be fine.)
When Shiroe thought about this, his freedom of action increased
drastically.
He stopped breathing, moving the chess pieces in his mind with the
timetable in his heart. His own moves and other players' counter moves.
Strictly classifying data he had and information to be confirmed, gradually
filling the chessboard.
Shiroe was not a god, so he could not see most of the situations. But every
move in chess would give more than the expected amount of information,
as if the enemy were exposing their crude plans with their arrogant actions.
For creatures like humans, they could not accomplish anything without
leaving their footsteps behind.
Adding in this supplementary data, the unseen chessboard slowly
surfaced.
The hard work of the citizens, the honest attitude on-site. With the festive
atmosphere as the background, all kinds of groups made power plays
around the city of Akiba.
Shiroe thought that there were countless chess players of his level in this
world. For him, this was a way to sound out his thoughts to himself. There
were tons of situations he could not handle.
Shiroe contacted Krusty and Isaac, asking them to clamp down on violent
incidents within Akiba. Other pieces he could move had already been
activated. Keeping to the policy of keeping the incidents below the table, all
the scenes were managed by volunteers. But the famous major guilds in

Akiba would join in to handle the situation, gathering powerful players all
over the chessboard.
Right now, Shiroe was unable to take on the enemies' movements alone,
so he asked Soujirou for aid. His personal guards advanced to the front
line facing the merchants that were causing trouble, solving problems like
exiling people. This was an ability Shiroe didn't have.
It also helped in another area.
Shiroe recalled his petite companion's telepathy call from the 'Production
Guild Liaison Committee'.
Shiroe could feel her tender but determined fingers. Although it was still
small and vague, Shiroe could see the image of a young bird chirping,
spreading its wings for its first flight.
Charasin's processing speed increased and the incoming issues were
falling drastically. This was thanks to the patrol sent by Isaac to nip the
trouble in the bud, earning time for Soujirou's personal guards to remedy
the outstanding problems.
They regained control of the situation faster than expected.
It was still early, but Shiroe could already see the ending. He was ready to
activate the next plan.
Shiroe noticed the word 'freedom' as he recalled Akatsuki's words. He
thought about which chess pieces he could move without disrupting the
Libra Festival timetable and make the event even more lively.
The enemy was increasing the burden on the system and spreading
rumors. Their objective was to lower the unity of Akiba as a whole, so
others would think 'Akiba is no big deal'. It had nothing to do with facts, just
an attack on the psychological level. The best way to counterattack was to
make the Libra Festival even more lively, increasing the satisfaction of all
participating to its peak.
"... My lord?"
Shiroe heard Akatsuki's worried voice, lifted his head and smiled at her. It
was a smile Henrietta described as 'black hearted'.

"Ah! Akatsuki? Please ask Henrietta to prepare the costumes. Also ask the
neighboring guild for help, try to come up with a set of clothes that will
make people's nose bleed."
"Ah?"
"Teams 9 to 18!"
"Here!"
The members in the vicinity responded immediately and Shiroe stood up
and declared fearlessly.
"Move out and patrol the city zone! Sorry to trouble everyone, please lend
me your support. I will treat everyone to a feast after the mission is over
today, please show Soujirou your cute and beautiful side!"

Part 2
Lord Marvis' words made Raynesia turn pale.
She didn't understand. She wasn't clear about it at all.
Raynesia smelled the burning stink of danger.
"Ok princess, please prepare with haste all right?"
"Eh, Ah... about that..."
Raynesia turned around for help, Elissa in front of her was lecturing a maid
working under her as she reviewed a copy of the documents from Lord
Marvis' henchmen.
"Princess."
"How is it?"
"The documents are real... It is hard to imagine, but the fault might lie with
us, a loophole in management oversight."
Oversight.
Loophole in management.

Even though Raynesia heard the words, her brain wasn't processing them.
The blunder soaked slowly into her consciousness, making her feel cold as
if she were touching freezing liquid.
Simply put, Lord Marvis had already informed Raynesia in advance to
prepare a warehouse for him when his ship reached Akiba. The same
document was delivered to Maihama, and an agreement to help was sent
in reply.
This meant Raynesia promised to prepare the warehouse, but forgot about
it when preparing for the festival. That was the whole story.
But there was no way to tell what really transpired. There might be an error
in delivery resulting in miscommunication, or an error by the administrative
clerk. Or Raynesia was too busy and stuffed the document somewhere
and lost track of it...
But this was not the time to review what really happened.
Lord Marvis was holding a reply from Raynesia's side, so it was definitely
an oversight on Raynesia's part.
And Raynesia as the host had the obligation to assist the guest and make
things convenient for him. Also, the daughter of the Corwen family
stationed in Akiba and the noble sea merchant from the west Lord Marvis
had different statuses. If you took into account the hidden tension between
the eastern and western federations, she had no choice but to eat humble
pie.
Raynesia was a woman.
In accordance to the nobles of the People of the Land, she was not
educated in the ways of politics. But she could learn about it from the
social world.
"Hmph, what's the matter? You are not going to tell me you are not ready
for me? I already sent in the request in advance."
"About that..."
It was easy to apologize.
But Raynesia was not used to such dealings and was unable to judge
whether she needed to apologize now. The lazy Raynesia wouldn't think 'I

should have put in more effort to learn if I knew this kind of situation would
come up'. But she still thought there was something she could do about
this.
She should have asked a few competent bureaucrats to be dispatched
here from Maihama, that should be obvious. She had already gotten
permission from her grandfather with some constraints to pick several
followers to bring along to Akiba, but that was still not enough.
"Is this the Corwen clan's way of doing things? Or is your working relation
with the Adventurers... with Akiba just an illusion?"
His mocking tone made Raynesia lower her head.
Her heart was full of retorts, but Raynesia was not sure of the correct way
to say it, or which way of expressing it might be dangerous.
Anyway, she needed to apologize and compensate for the goods on the
ship to appease him. She would worry about the details later, could she
drag this problem along and solve it after the dinner party? Raynesia
thought numbly.
People called her a beautiful princess.
She would get compliments from knights and bureaucrats from whichever
banquet she went to.
Raynesia knew that she was acting a role that suited her status in their
frozen-like daily lives, but she could feel her body temperature dropping
without end right now. Raynesia was unable to understand this. Why were
her emotions so unsteady, making her so unhappy?
This regret didn't come from Raynesia since she didn't care for such
things. The unhappiness, regret, and remorse must be because of this
carefree city...
"Evening!"
Raynesia who was looking at the luxurious carpet stiffly realized someone
was standing before her because of the shadow dulling the color of the
carpet. Her eyes sprang up to look at the back of someone wearing
unfamiliar clothes.

The shirt made from soft cloth not seen by People of the Land before and
a hooded vest. This was the young man who pushed Raynesia down a cliff
with no means of returning on the day of the crucial speech for the battle of
Sand Leaf, Shiroe.
"Shiroe...sama?"
"Who is this?"
"I apologize for my late introduction. I am the leader of Log Horizon, one of
the 11 guilds that forms the Round Table Council, Shiroe."
"Shiroe... No family name? Hmmm..."
"That's right, because I am an Adventurer."
The young man in casual clothes in front of Raynesia maintained a
leisurely attitude even though he was facing the grand noble of the west.
Raynesia took half a step forward even though she was dumbstruck.
Adventurers were not familiar with the customs of the People of the Land,
this might have serious repercussions. To prevent this, Raynesia decided
to become the shield of Akiba.
But a hand was placed gently on Raynesia's shoulder, stopping her with
uncompromising strength. This strong and big manly hand belonged to
Krusty. Raynesia turned her head to look at Krusty who was stopping her
from behind and Krusty said without looking at her.
"Don't worry."
His glasses reflected the light so she was unable to see his expression.
But she could see a cruel smile on Krusty's face.
"Lord Marvis, welcome to Akiba. With the fairy-powered ship, your shipping
industry is blooming and your name is renowned here."
Shiroe said with a smile, making Marvis stare with his eyes wide open. But
his ironic smile remained as he replied "I'm flattered." According to the
customs of the People of the Land, this attitude was akin to ridiculing
others.
Considering the fact that Shiroe introduced himself as a member of the
Round Table Council, he was obviously ridiculing Shiroe and Akiba's

Round Table Council. His attitude frustrated Raynesia and made her
cheeks grow hot.
But Shiroe didn't mind at all. In the end, he probably didn't understand the
customs of the People of the Land.
"And so, what happened? Elissa-san? Where are you?"
"Here Shiroe-san... These are the details."
But Shiroe's words cooled down Raynesia's frustrated heart.
Raynesia could only give a blank expression as she stared at her maid
showing Shiroe that document. She didn't know the two of them knew each
other. Elissa wore a troubled face, but was still respectful towards this
young man.
"Ahah, hmm... is that so? This is possible. I get the general picture... Hey!
Michitaka-san!"
Shiroe saved time by shouting for the burly man in the hall instead of using
telepathy. The man, who leisurely walked over after hearing his name, was
the guild master of Oceanic Systems, Michitaka who was built like a bear.
Michitaka greeted everyone as he walked over but was interrupted by
Shiroe who cut straight to the chase.
"This is an oversight. Instead of an oversight, it is more like clumsiness and
embarrassment... Michitaka-san, due to the blunder of Princess Raynesia,
we have some troubling issues."
"Oh I see, this is problematic indeed."
Saying this young man... Shiroe didn't understand social etiquette wasn't
quite right, it was more like he was hasty and pragmatic by nature.
Raynesia was not good at handling this young man since the first time they
met. She was also bad with Krusty, but that was because Raynesia
couldn't tell what Krusty was thinking about.
But she felt she was bad at handling this young man because 'Once he
makes up his mind, he is willing to do anything no matter how ridiculous
and will not compromise'. She feared Krusty because he was
incomprehensible, while she was afraid of this young man because he was
a hunter who would not hesitate about using Raynesia as bait.

"What are you up to? I am questioning the oversight of Raynesia-jou over
here all right?"
Shiroe explained the situation to Michitaka briefly with a smile after Lord
Marvis finished.
"This big man over here is Michitaka-san, boss of one of the 11 guilds that
comprises the Round Table Council, Oceanic Systems... Lord Marvis
requires a warehouse to store his shipment of cargo and has informed
Raynesia-san in advance to prepare one for him. She seems to have
forgotten about it or lost the document, leading to this failure."
Lord Marvis nodded smugly, agreeing with Shiroe.
"That is correct. The shipment this round consists of food and precious
spices. If you leave it in the hot and humid cargo hold on-board, it will rot in
a few days."
Raynesia wanted to rebuke him when she heard his words.
He was full of excuses... But it was useless to point this out now.
"Seems like you are using this opportunity to make a big business deal."
"I came personally this time, so I took the best ship in my company with
me. You are Shiroe-kun right?"
The middle-aged nobleman who smelled like make-up laughed like an
animal. Shiroe's attitude probably pleased him.
"The 'New Fairy Ship Egiru' that made her maiden voyage last month
right? I heard the rumors, it is a beautiful ship that reminds people of
swans."
"Oh, that news has reached Akiba? That is so... The cargo on this ship is
going to be lost due to the oversight of Raynesia-jou. My dear Adventurers,
don't you think this is a terrible betrayal?"
"It is indeed regrettable."
(Why is Shiroe-san taking the lord's side... Does he mean that Adventurers
don't need to care about the People of the Land...? This issue is obviously
linked to the pride of Akiba right?)

"Anyway, I have some matters for Princess Raynesia too. Akatsuki,
Henrietta-san."
"Ah?"
Raynesia was focused on Shiroe, so she didn't notice the two of them
appearing without a sound. It was the competent lady wearing glasses and
the petite girl with black hair that pushed her into the brink during the
speech the other time.
"The princess expressed her willingness to make this festival a success,
please help her change."
"Ah? Ah?"
The confused Raynesia looked at Elissa to her right.
Elissa shook her head and sighed softly.
Raynesia was disappointed at her unreliable friend and looked at Krusty
behind her left shoulder. He just shrugged in reply.
At this moment, the serious young girl with black hair and the smiling
glasses lady captured Raynesia. Although their attitudes were respectful,
they gave off an uncompromising aura. They reached for Raynesia's
clothes without regard for the fact they were in the view of the public.
"Eh, what are you doing? Hmm? How can you change here... Hold up,
that's not it, I have an important discussion with Lord Marvis, it is a crucial
matter to protect Akiba. Krusty-sama! Please say something, aren't you my
knight?"
"... Wasn't that just limited to the conference of the lords?"
"How can you take the oath of a knight so lightly! You want me, Raynesia,
to think of it as a joke?"
The half-panicking Raynesia pleaded with Krusty in tears. She could see
the villainous smile of the knight in glasses, but he was the only one who
could save her.
"We will need to extend the contractual period."

"Please... think of something! I... I am willing to change my clothes! I will
change obediently later, So let me clear things up with Lord Marvis!"
"Shiroe-kun... that's what the Princess that extended her contract with me
said."
The smiling Henrietta and the serious Akatsuki grabbed Princess
Raynesia's hand from either side. At some point of time, this commotion
became the center of attention within the hall. Within the wall of people
surrounding them, Krusty rushed Shiroe to move to the follow up phase.
"Roger that Krusty-san... we are done with preparations on our side."
"Lord Marvis, I understand the situation, the documents have already been
sent to Akiba's Round Table Council."
Krusty who was hiding his expression behind his glasses said simply in a
normal volume at this impressionable time. Marvis who heard this
sentence all of a sudden gave a blank expression, but composed his
emotions and responded in a loud voice.
"What? The Round Table Council had been informed? How can that be...
Wait, we are talking about a warehouse here right? Is that something you
can prepare so easily? You don't understand, I didn't come in a wagon. Do
you not follow our conversation so far?"
"'New Fairy Ship Egiru' right? I remember its maximum load is 500 tons
and includes freezer compartments, a state-of-the-art vessel."
"You are right Adventurers. Where can you find a warehouse that can
store so much goods and has temperature control? You must be dreaming
to say you can prepare it right now."
Marvis said arrogantly as he made 'Tch' sounds with his tongue
repeatedly, showing off his proud nature.
Raynesia could feel a cold wave coming over her.
Not because of Marvis' arrogance. But because of Marvis' ignorance of
Adventurers.

Marvis was a People of the Land noble and was used to commanding
people. The nobles of Eastal had the same arrogant nature, but they had
no authority over Adventurers. Marvis might be cut down on the spot for his
taunting attitude.
Nobles had strong authority in the society of the People of the Land, but
they were not immortal. They would be burned to ashes in a tenth of a
second if they faced the wrath of Adventurers.
Raynesia had no sympathy for Marvis, but this might spark off a war,
inciting the Adventurers to destroy them in righteous fury...
(Ah, ahah, why must I worry about this white pig!)
"What? So you have informed the Round Table Council in advance? That's
great. But I heard your rental warehouse is full of the cargo of traveling
merchants. Even though you received the notice, but that's the woeful
state you are in."
"I am sorry, for this incident, I, Raynesia, will..."
Marvis changed his target to the Adventurers and the Round Table
Council. His brash way of putting it almost made Raynesia scream.
"Here are the documents Michitaka-san."
But Shiroe produced a piece of paper like a magician, making everyone
freeze in the hall. Raynesia glanced at it for a moment, it seemed to be
identical to the copy Marvis was waving around just now.
Although it was hard to say for sure, but the Round Table Council of Akiba
seemed to have received the notice Raynesia didn't get.
Michitaka took the document, browsed through the contents and nodded.
"... Do you need wagons to ferry the goods?"
The hidden meaning behind Michitaka's word was that he agreed to this
casually. He gave a manly grin and shrugged.
"Could it be..."
"Of course we have warehouses... 500 tons right? That's nothing. Oceanic
Systems' guild warehouse is several times that of the warehouse opened

for rental by the Adventurers for this event. You think we will be overloaded
just handling the merchant caravans? Or you think Adventurers won't help
People of the Land?"
"!"
Michitaka's speech made Raynesia clench her fist.
The Adventurers were covering for Raynesia's oversight. Michitaka was a
tough guy who preached the glory of Adventurers in front of a roomful of
People of the Land at the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice'. Raynesia could
not imagine him helping her so selflessly.
(No, he didn't do it for me...)
Raynesia peeked at the young man with his hand on her shoulder. She
had to raise her head to see his expression since they were so close, but
she couldn't tell even when she saw his face. But Raynesia knew this
monster, who she couldn't read, with a smiling but seemingly unhappy
face, asked Michitaka for aid on her behalf.
"Krusty-sama..."
"It was because of the perfect policing of the streets, to stop physical
altercations, that it made us realize this issue so late."
Raynesia didn't comprehend what Krusty was whispering to her about.
"... Krusty-sama? About that, I am..."
"An important shield... Wrong, a princess."
Raynesia uttered a word of thanks reluctantly to Krusty who was not
looking at her. The favors she owed this young man just kept on
accumulating. Her feeling of guilt was growing like a ball of rolling snow,
making her conscience and pride scream in pain. But Krusty said 'You
should thank Shiroe-kun instead', these strange words when he heard her
words of thanks.
Marvis' expression grew grim on the other hand.
After making a 'Tch' sound with his tongue, he glared at Shiroe. But Shiroe
didn't care about Marvis' glare.

The grand noble of Westelande bid a few words of good bye before
leaving the hall.
Raynesia felt her legs go numb and lose strength. Marvis left. His pride
wounded, but he kept his life. And this side had also avoided clashing with
Marvis and the entire west.
This unexpected ending made Raynesia so at ease she almost turned into
foam.
"Okay, that's settled. I leave the rest to you two."
"Understood Shiroe-sama."
"By your order, my lord."
The two of them used Raynesia's mental lapse to drag her away. The
knight who had extended his contract with her waved her farewell. But
Raynesia only realized this when she was stripped to her underwear.

Part 3
Raynesia's dinner party was ruined.
But it was still a grandiose event.
The main doors of the Maihama consulate in Akiba was wide open, and
the guests spilled out onto the central square. They mingled with the crowd
enjoying the festival in the evening sun and food dishes were carried
outside for all to enjoy.
The amount was not enough for the masses and the eateries facing the
central square ran their kitchens at full capacity. Shiroe spread the word
that all expenses would be covered by the Round Table Council,
prompting the unending flow of food and drinks to the crowd 'till their stock
ran out.
But this caused the standard of the feast to drop below Raynesia's
expectations. Instead of a buffet-style dinner party, it felt more like a
festival or a flower watching gathering. But such details didn't seem to
matter to the Adventurers.

When Raynesia appeared in the central square escorted by Krusty, the
crowd erupted into cheers. Ever since the expedition speech, Raynesia
attended many public events, but this was the first time she made an
appearance so directly in Akiba.
The princess let the knight lead her by the fingers as she gazed slightly
downwards. Her blushing cheek made her look like a beautiful flower,
mesmerizing many Adventurers. Her shy appearance was like a beautiful
young lady you dreamed about.

The surprising thing was her dress.
Raynesia was wearing a long tight denim skirt, a light green top that
matched the autumn season and a bolero short jacket. Her long skirt was
elegant but casual, her long silver hair flowed over her back with a black
ribbon on top.
Raynesia always wore gothic clothing that matched her People of the Land
nobility status. No one in Akiba expected her to dress like this.
The atmosphere in the central square went wild. By the standard of the old
world, this was a dress for a casual date for the Adventurers; for the
People of the Land, these were fashionable clothes that gave off the
modern feel of the Adventurers.
Raynesia walked to the south edge of the central square under the lead of
Krusty with a stiff expression and sat on the cushion of an elegant chair
that was crafted in a hurry. It was made through the in-game menu, the
temporary pavilion was also built in just 15 minutes.
The sun had already set, and the square was full of torches. A 'fairy light'
near Raynesia illuminated her surrounding twice as brightly, probably
conjured by a caring summoner.
Black Sword Issac drew his trademark sword declaring that the princess
would stay in this chair due to security concerns, but wanted to enjoy this
festive night with everyone present. Also, anyone who wanted to may
come to the pavilion to greet the princess. This announcement made the
crowd go wilder.
Compared to Adventurers, the People of the Land were even more
surprised. They, especially the spies that took part in the conspiracy, were
caravan merchants that hailed from towns and villages around Akiba. They
usually rode a horse or a wagon, making business between the villages.
Someone like them wouldn't have the chance to see the princess so close
in person. And not only did they have the chance to gaze from afar, they
could even greet her in person, a stunning experience.
Even so, only a handful took up the offer without hesitation. A third of them
were People of the Land while the rest were Japanese Adventurers with a
cautious nature.

Even the orchestra Raynesia hired were playing classic Yamato pieces,
everyone was holding back and being too reserved.
The one to lead the way was Michitaka.
He brought along about a dozen other guild masters to the elegant couch
in the pavilion surrounded by screens and covered by parasols. He
greeted Raynesia warmly as she breathed a sigh of relief. The other guilds
also took action after seeing this.
With many Adventurers lining up to greet the princess, the maids working
under Elissa started to move hurriedly.
Shiroe watched this scene from the sky bridge that overlooked the central
square, pouring tea into a glass. In the joyous occasion below, Princess
Raynesia chatted happily with the Adventurers. Other People of the Land
and Adventurers were also mingling together, which was the best proof the
Libra Festival was a success.
The People of the Land noble Raynesia dressed in the fashion of the old
world made an appearance at the central square. This action sent a strong
message to all those present in this festival.
It was a message of peace and friendship. Their unity could ward off the
attack this round.
Shiroe thought that Akiba was victorious in fending off the attack.
The origin of the attack should be the Westelande nobleman Marvis who
took his leave at Raynesia's party.
(But from his brash style, it is hard to see him as the mastermind behind
this.)
Shiroe thought he was just one of the core players in this attack.
It was still too early to judge whether the attack was over. The festival was
still under high alert, the security detail under the command of Krusty and
Issac was stationed near the entrance, deterring any physical alterations.
It was the same with the girls working with Soujirou who warded off the
arguments between merchants with their feminine charms while patrolling.

Shiroe who was nominated as the tactician received periodic telepathy
reports and queries on how to handle certain situations.
One of the reasons he was staying at this place overlooking the central
square was for the convenience of going anywhere that needed him
quickly.
But Shiroe was not too worried about it.
The attack against the trust and handling speed of the Round Table
Council had the main aim of putting them into disarray. For this tactic to
work, it needed to use the element of surprise as support. With the Round
Table Council prepared for it, it would have limited effectiveness.
Worse case scenarios did exist, but it was pointless to brood over them.
You couldn't use all your best moves in some battles and were forced to
react to your opponent's moves. Maintaining high alert till the end of the
festival was the best option right now.
... But the attack will come sooner or later. Shiroe sighed as he thought
about this, as the activities in the plaza below continued to flow. The
crowds around Raynesia and the eateries were the same, but there were
new people and music joining the fray. Soujirou's personal guards cleared
a pathway to the guild building, standing on either side of the pavement.
The one leading the way was Maryele.
Her curly green hair and bright shining smile. Maryele's alluring, bouncing
breasts were covered by a stylishly-tailored jacket as she moved with
energetic steps.
This was not at the level of supermodels yet, but she turned and waved
both hands at the crowd after reaching the end of the makeshift catwalk,
acting just like one.
(That's really great Mary-nee. I can't stay moody even if I want to.)
Maryele's appearance made Shiroe feel motivated and hurt his head at the
same time. Next up was Henrietta and Akatsuki.
Henrietta and Akatsuki always wore secretary attire and black shinobi
costumes respectively like uniforms. But they changed their styles just for
today. The two of them were wearing the attire promoted by Crescent

Moon Alliance which looked native and casual. Their clothing differed
slightly, making them look like sisters.
... Because of the height difference, they looked like sisters with a wide age
gap, but it was best not to say this out loud. Henrietta was hyperactive,
hugging Akatsuki, rubbing her face on hers and twirling around elegantly.
Watching them, Shiroe made a decision with a smile.
Unaware of the stares from the crowd (a fortunate thing for Akatsuki), the
two of them played around before meeting up with Maryele and walking to
the central square. Maryele ignored the stunned crowd, going directly to
Raynesia and pulled her up by the hand. This was just like Maryele's bold
nature.
Akatsuki whispered to Raynesia from behind. Seeing how Raynesia's face
was turning green, she was being intimidated once again. Maryele led
Raynesia to the central square just like this, forming a circle and turning
around along with Henrietta and Akatsuki.
Instead of holding a fashion show indoors, they would have wider
exposure doing it this way. The 'Firebird' and 'Lightning Phoenix' resting at
the top of the guild building shone over everyone. Waves of applause went
back and fro through the crowd.
The lively music playing was from a memorable pop song of the old world.
The slightly aged melody was recreated using the classical Middle Ages
instruments in this world.
Raynesia didn't know what to do as she looked around with a perplexed
expression. But pretty girls had it good in this type of situation. Even in a
common dress of the old world, it matched her perfectly if she gave a shy
smile.

"Shiroe...san."
"Thanks for the hard work Minori."
This polite greeting made Shiroe lift his gaze from the plaza. Minori walked
from the guild building towards the connected sky bridge. She wore a
complicated expression of pride, joy, and humility on her face.

Shiroe didn't know what his petite companion was thinking about, but he
knew what she had accomplished on this chaotic day. She completed the
primary administrative work alongside Charasin. The responsibility was
equivalent to leading a hundred-man raid.
"Take a seat."
"Eh, but..."
Minori was hesitant, Shiroe gestured to the side of the wooden bench he
was sitting on. Shiroe took a glass from his bag and wiped it clean. He then
poured the same fruit tea he was drinking into it and offered it to the
panicky Minori.
"Erm.."
"Thank you, and you did great."
"Eh, yes!"
Minori with her voice a few octaves higher and her back straightened
looked so cute, it made Shiroe smile. He didn't know whether Minori
realized the value of the work she had done.
Minori held the glass with both hands,
Their view was illuminated with the light of many torches and conjured
shining creatures like 'Bug Light Lamp'. They could see the lively festival
below thanks to them.
A part of this festive atmosphere was protected through Minori's efforts.
Shiroe thought her hands were small.
But these tiny hands of a middle school student held the determination to
stay at her post.
When Minori reported her intention to stay and help at the 'Production
Guild Liaison Committee', Shiroe surprisingly sensed acknowledgement.
After all the time Shiroe and Minori spent together, he could feel her
hardworking nature that could not be suppressed within her heart.
Her twin Tohya also had the passion to improve himself, but he was
already set earlier on to focus on fighting and physical strength. In

comparison, Minori was hesitant on which route to take. But she would
definitely find her path to follow one day.
Minori achieved a victory Shiroe didn't expect, in a place of her own
choosing.
(She is much more dependable than me...)
Shiroe jeered at himself and sighed. He recollected his miserable middle
school days.
Minori's display of her strong will was nothing like Shiroe's old days. Shiroe
remembered being a typical overly self conscious delusional middle
schooler. He used to think of himself as being special and different, but
failed to realize that his 'uniqueness' was the same as others.
It was so embarrassing just thinking back.
"Shiroe-san, may I ask..."
"What is it?"
"Aren't you going to greet her? Among the guilds that make up the Round
Table Council, only Log Horizon hasn't done so right?"
Shiroe shrugged and replied vaguely.
"We met not too long ago."
Their conversation on the sky bridge was drowned out by the cheers down
below. Probably because of a new set set of clothes from some guild
making its fashion debut? Shiroe listened to his telepathy messages and
gave short replies every now and then. After some time, Minori raised a
new question.
"You... Did this on purpose right?"
"Yeah."
"... I'm sorry Shiroe-san."
Minori hung her head in shame.
"No need to apologize, it's not something I want to make known to the
world."

"I butted in needlessly, wanting to take Shiroe-san to the dinner party... But
thinking about it carefully, there is no need to do that. There is no way
Shiroe-san of the 11 founding guilds will fail to secure an invitation right?
So you wanted Princess Raynesia to detest you right from the start
correct?"
This was not questioning, but seeking confirmation.
(What an incredibly brilliant girl.)
This tactic was not hard to see through, several members of the Round
Table had already realized this. This strategy can only work if his
comrades understood it to some extent.
"Because Krusty-san is close to the princess, and having someone she
clearly hates and clearly likes will make it easier to push her along. It will
be the same for the future too."
"The princess is in a precarious position. Her beauty, straightforward
nature, and honesty holds the sympathy of the masses, but it won't last
forever. Although she likes Akiba now, there is no telling if she will continue
to do so. She has improved the relations between the People of the Land
and Adventurers, but it's hard to gauge how long this will last. There will be
plenty of instances in the future that require us to adopt a tough stance.
Crises that will make this attack look insignificant are sure to follow, so we
need to divide the roles to play ahead of time."
This tactic was dependent on 'Krusty being considerate of the Princess'
feelings' as a prerequisite. Krusty who was aware of this strategy was
grumpy about it, but it couldn't be helped since these were the assigned
roles. Krusty was the senate leader of the Round Table Council after all, it
would be troubling if he was unwilling to play this part.
From what Shiroe saw, Krusty was just as unhappy about being
manipulated by Shiroe. But if left alone, Shiroe was sure Krusty would help
the Princess in the end anyway.
Also...
Following his flowing thoughts, Shiroe focused on the limits of the future he
could forecast. In the combination of blurry predictions, he could see a
vague future.

The Princess with a bad personality needed Krusty.
And Krusty also needed the Princess... Hopefully.
"Shiroe-san... Is this really what you hope for?"
"Why do you ask?"
A part of Shiroe's consciousness heard Minori talking to him and stopped
his train of thought. Shiroe's companion showed a troubled and pained
expression.
"Because..."
Minori talked in bits and pieces, Shiroe waited patiently for her continuation
that didn't come.
"If it is about the troubles Log Horizon will be facing... Regarding this, at
some point in time, I planned to have Chief Nyanta take everyone to visit
Princess Raynesia, maybe at a dinner party. Minori would need to doll up
for that event too, the sky blue dress you wore that time looks cute on
you."
Shiroe's speech made Minori even more depressed.
Is that a bad way to reply? Shiroe scratched his head. Seemed like this did
not satisfy her, or he was going about this the wrong way.
"Won't you feel sad Shiroe-san?"
"..."
Ah, so that's how someone watching from the side might see it. This was
beyond Shiroe's calculations. Since this was such a normal sensibility,
Shiroe did not even think about it.
"No such thing, this is normal."
"..."
Seemed like Minori had a hard time accepting this explanation.
This was just one of the parts they needed to play, and Shiroe just
happened to be suitable for this role.

Minori with her lips tightly closed looked really prim and proper. Her big
eyes looked like they were going to tear up, her cheeks were tense and
red. Minori's brows furrowed in anger showing her unwillingness to back
down.
"Minori has been a big help in aiding the 'Production Guild Liaison
Committee'. The things you did are more worthwhile than 10 staff helping
on site. You did great Minori."
Shiroe's praise made Minori blink her eyes.
"It's the same rationale Minori, the things that need to be done are right in
front of me, I can do it and others hold that expectation of me as well. This
is a good thing, something that we should be proud of. Since doing so is
helpful, I think it is just fine."
Minori showed a troubled face.
This couldn't be helped. Shiroe didn't say this because he understood this
rationale. The Shiroe who had avoided guilds thinking it was a bother had
no right to say this. This was a speech only experienced guild leader like
Michitaka or Krusty could make.
But after Shiroe founded his guild with his comrades, he finally understood
something. He was just a wandering soul, even if he got stronger alone, it
would be a hollow strength that wouldn't be channeled anywhere. It was a
power others wouldn't be able to feel and appreciate.
It was still strength even if he achieved it alone, but Shiroe thought
comrades were necessary to use this strength. And you needed the world
for your comrades to reach their full potential. Although it was still vague
and blurry now, Shiroe felt that Log Horizon was an important place to
make this theory come true.
"I will work just as hard as you Minori."
Minori nodded with an expression that was a mixture of confusion, anger
and sadness. What Shiroe could do was reflect on his actions. In the end,
he could only respond to the hardworking middle schooler Minori in this
unsightly manner.
He felt he was being encouraged and lectured by her.

... This couldn't be avoided.
This petite girl deserved a reward tonight. A member of Log Horizon being
an valuable asset this day made Shiroe happy. To have guided Minori at
one point also gave him a warm feeling in his heart. Shiroe was not sad
even though he was seen as an elder or teacher by Minori.
Shiroe gave an awkward smile and nodded his head.
"I will work hard so Minori will not be troubled."

Part 4
Akatsuki suppressed her rapid breathing, stopping in her tracks, after
rushing up the grey stairs. It was fine for her to walk up to him as usual, but
Akatsuki couldn't make herself to do it. Because she didn't want Shiroe to
see her out of breath.
She was still wearing the frilly clothes Henrietta forced on her. With laces
sewed at its ends, it looked cute but was too light. Akatsuki, who had
grown accustomed to the battle suits in this world, felt naked and
defenseless walking the streets in this.
Also, it was hard to hide herself and sneak up on Shiroe in this.
Akatsuki hid under the shade of the ancient tree that pierced through the
sky bridge to calm her breathing. She didn't want Shiroe to know she
rushed all the way here.
Akatsuki felt she had grown closer to Shiroe over the past few days. She
even managed to touch Shiroe's hair on the balcony of their guild house
last night. It was colder than she imagined and different from hers, the hair
of a man. Strong and smooth, flowing through Akatsuki's fingers.
It was an experience that made Akatsuki happy with minimal physical
contact. She intentionally pulled a long face, telling Shiroe she was happy,
which subsequently confused Shiroe making him ask her to, again, confirm
her feelings.
Those were happy times.

But her decision to catch her breath gave her the opportunity to overhear
this conversation.
Shiroe leaned on the railings of the sky bridge, looking down at the central
square illuminated by bonfires. There was a young lady beside him...
Minori, a companion of Akatsuki from Log Horizon.
Shiroe and Minori's words were carried by the wind that blew throughout
Akiba towards Akatsuki who caught pieces of it.
"You... Did this on purpose right?"
"Yeah."
"... I'm sorry Shiroe-san."
In the beginning, Akatsuki didn't understand what they were talking about.
"No need to apologize, it's not something I want to make known to the
world."
"I butted in needlessly, wanting to take Shiroe-san to the dinner party... But
thinking about it carefully, there is no need to do that. There is no way
Shiroe-san of the 11 founding guilds would fail to secure an invitation
right? So you wanted Raynesia to detest you right from the start correct?"
Akatsuki almost made a sound when she heard this.
... Shiroe... Planned to be detested?
This was a perspective Akatsuki never thought of.
The unexpected interaction between the two made Akatsuki forget to call
out to Shiroe, she could only listen intently to them. Their dialogue could
be heard in bits and pieces through the disruption of the autumn wind.
Akatsuki tried to think about Minori's 'planned to be detested' words. But a
chill went down her spine as she began to understand its meaning.
Akatsuki heard about an unknown source finding trouble with Akiba from
Shiroe before.

Although she didn't comprehend the meaning, she knew that Shiroe had
successfully defended Akiba.
But she didn't think about it the way Minori did.
Unlike Minori, she didn't consider how everyone else would think about
Shiroe.
Unlike Minori, she didn't think about how Log Horizon's position would be
affected by all this.
Unlike Minori, she didn't split up with Shiroe and fight for his sake on
another front.
... Unlike Minori, she didn't help Shiroe with his trouble.
Akatsuki's heart started to race in her modest chest.
The Shiroe that felt so close last night was gradually growing further away
from her? This gave her a pure sense of terror.
Just like the fear of a child abandoned in the darkness, she moaned
soundlessly in her chest.
Shiroe was going so far away.
No, he was far away from the beginning.
Him being by Akatsuki's side was just an illusion.
Ever since the day Shiroe saved Akatsuki, she had stayed by his side.
Addressing Shiroe as lord, becoming his shadow, wielding her blade for
him all this while. She could also feel Shiroe protecting her at the same
time, which made her very comfortable.
Maybe only Akatsuki thought they were protecting each other.
(At the very least, I don't understand my lord to that extent...)
It was hard to acknowledge this.
She couldn't measure up to this middle-schooler from the same guild.

Accepting that she couldn't hold a candle to Minori. This bitterness and
pain gave her a sensation of falling, as if the ground around her feet was
being frozen and came crumbling down.
Akatsuki grabbed her blade subconsciously with trembling hands. Akatsuki
could feel it vaguely.
She noticed her limits and what it meant.
Assassins have the strongest attack among all 12 classes. For the sake of
her pride, Akatsuki had worked in the art of fighting. Her attack power or
individual battle power should be in the top tier among the Adventurers.
But among the top tier, she ranked in the middle of the pile.
Akatsuki didn't have experience in major raids.
This could not be helped. Akatsuki was a solo player, living a solitary
lifestyle free of any guilds. For solo players to participate in major raids,
they could only wait for big guilds looking to fill a raid vacancy or by
forming a temporary raid alliance. Joining a group like Debauchery Tea
Party was another way, but that was a rare instance. Gathering
Adventurers to form a group that had nothing to do with guilds took a lot of
effort, even forming a new guild was easier to gain fame and members.
In the end, major raids needed teamwork and training, a hard gaming
mode to pull off. If you didn't do it with fixed members, the success rate
would drop. Big guilds equating to major raids were an accepted fact.
Shiroe, Nyanta, and Naotsugu were all solo players or members of small
guilds, but they were experienced top-notch Adventurers within the whole
server in their group the Debauchery Tea Party.
In comparison, Akatsuki was the finest amongst solo players, but in terms
of equipment, knowledge, and familiarity with teamwork battles, it was not
at the top notch level.
(Am I... just a fake...)
She hugged herself and shook slightly.

The skills she relied upon so far, which she claimed could protect Shiroe,
were not at top notch level. Confirming this once again shattered
Akatsuki's pride completely.
But that's not all. Major raids were a high difficulty playing mode and there
were plenty of Adventurers who didn't have experience with this.
But a low-level kannagi reached Shiroe's side in a way Akatsuki never
thought of. Akatsuki who prided herself in her battle techniques and lived
all this time in the alternate world believing in this, was doubly hurt by this.
"... The things you did are more worthwhile than 10 staff helping on site.
You did great Minori."
Shiroe's voice echoed in Akatsuki's ears.
Not only did this girl Minori see through Shiroe's thinking, she also fought
hard in her own battles to lessen Shiroe's burden. She was less than half
Akatsuki's level, but this middle school girl used her talents to the fullest
and reached a higher plane of achievement than Akatsuki. And Minori was
concerned with Shiroe all this time too.
Akatsuki never tried to empathize with Shiroe.
Empathize with the loneliness of Shiroe which she never thought existed
before.
This fact overwhelmed Akatsuki. The acceptance of this fact stabbed
Akatsuki's heart like shattered glass, taking away the words Akatsuki
wanted to tell Shiroe.

Part 5
The dinner party naturally evolved into a banquet in the city square and the
citizens had high praise for this. Raynesia, who had used all her stamina,
lay exhausted on her chair. But the scenery of the princess waving weakly
looked cute and won rave reviews, pretty girls had it good for anything they
did.

On the other hand, Shiroe enjoyed this banquet on the sky bridge. But
Shiroe still played the role of tactician and talked to others through
telepathy most of the time, only conversing with Minori occasionally.
The sky grew bright as the festival entered its 3rd day.
Shiroe gathered all the members of Log Horizon to visit the flea market on
this last day of the festival.
The flea market was different from the autumn clothing expo and was
mainly selling weapons. A variety of items like furniture, guild facilities,
decorations, books, scrolls, food and monster drop items were sold here.
There were many People of the Land and their merchant caravans that
had traveled all this way just for this flea market.
Nyanta and Shiroe felt a sense of nostalgia, searching for the merchandise
of the village they visited on their trip back from Susukino, but they didn't
find any. But Nyanta did find some fine salted pork ribs.
With such a wide array of goods, the members released their reservations
and went on a shopping spree. Tohya brought a new 'red intimidation star'
helmet, while Naotsugu bought potions in bulk.
Shiroe accepted Minori and Nyanta's proposal and bought several carpets
and a communal water tank with their guild funds. They needed all sorts of
things for the winter, and with so many items available for sale, their eyes
glittered like a kids in a candy store.
After the banquet ended, Akatsuki resumed wearing her black clothes. On
this 3rd day, she wore her usual expression that was so dignified that it
looked sullen, protecting Shiroe without a word. Shiroe thought there was
no need to be dressed so uptight for the festival, but Akatsuki was
stubborn in her own ways.
Akatsuki who looked a bit tired in the morning, regained her lively mood in
the afternoon after being teased by Naotsugu. Akatsuki calling Naotsugu
stupid and kneeing him in the face was becoming a common scene which
Shiroe could only watch with a bitter smile.

As Shiroe expected, the attacks against the Round Table Council were
totally gone. These types of attacks were hard to carry out when defensive
measures were set in place. Since they anticipated this, Shiroe's group
enjoyed this rare holiday happily.
When the sun set on this 3rd day, Akiba went into an after party phase.
Continuing the banquet last night, it was a full fledged banquet this round.
Since the Round Table Council were the organizers, many barrels of wine
were put in front of the guild building, becoming a lively and popular spot
for all participants.
The Round Table Council wanted to use this opportunity to implement
some projects to aid the small guilds, one of them was to help them recruit
solo players without guilds, as well as the possibility of letting the
departments within large guilds gain independence. The young
Adventurers continued to debate about this even after getting dizzy from all
the alcohol.
In this after party, illuminated by bonfires, Raynesia probably would attend
in her beautiful dress. The pillars of the Round Table Council, Michitaka,
Krusty, Issac, Charasin, Rodrick, Maryele, and others, would also drink to
the reunion of old friends and the meeting of new ones.
Although many incidents happened in Akiba's Libra Festival, it still ended
in success. The comrades of Log Horizon also praised each others' work in
the festival and recuperated their energy for tomorrow.
The Libra Festival which marked the turning point in Akiba's history ended
without many people knowing the storm behind the scene.

Interlude
But...
On the last day of the Libra Festival, Shiroe left his guild members behind
and moved alone under the dark night sky.
These were ruins in the south of Akiba. Between the metal shutter buried
in debris, the wet stairs extended endlessly. This building should be a
water tank or boiler room during ancient times, as countless pipes could be
seen on the exposed cement wall.
Shiroe visited here for a reason.
Shiroe came here to pay his old friend Ooshima a visit. Shiroe asked
Ooshima to search for information regarding the Holy Empire Westelande,
and to prepare for the worse case scenario, they cut down on the number
of times they communicated by telepathy. Also, he needed to retrieve
something, so Shiroe wanted to exchange intelligence with him
face-to-face. But he felt uneasy about this.
In the suffocating silent darkness, Shiroe called forth a weak magic light
and moved cautiously. He opened a door labeled 'Control Room' and saw
a space more habitable than outside.
"..."
"Are you Shiroe-sama? I am Dariella, a People of the Land traveling
writer..."
But the person in the room waiting for Shiroe was not who he expected.
Her wavy black hair, red lips and obsidian eyes shone from her white oval
face. The robe that formed intrinsic patterns with red and blue threads
covered her soft and well-filled-out body. She was sitting there, but it felt
like she was moving slowly.
She was a beauty that attracted one's attention at a glance.
The definition of beauty was broad; Akatsuki was also a beauty, and the
woman in front of him had a charm that rivaled Akatsuki, but was of a
different nature.

Even Shiroe who didn't normally care about the looks of women felt a little
light-headed seeing her alluring face, he could feel his cheeks heating up.
"Ooshima-san who was suppose to wait for Shiroe-sama is not able to
move freely right now... So I came on his behalf to pass the message in his
stead."
That's right, Shiroe planned to meet with the Adventurer Ooshima here, a
tiny and agile dwarf youth, not a black-haired beauty.
Dariella/ 2nd class citizen/ level 10.
Shiroe looked at her status screen, obtaining information to confirm her
words. Because of this, Shiroe's mind who was dazzled by her sweetness
squeezed out these words:
"... I have never heard of such magic. Nureha-san, what is that disguise?"
A dark underground control room.
In this small room, a heavy silence fell between the female on the couch
and Shiroe. The beauty laughed and twisted her beauty at the tense
Shiroe, drawing a small sigil in the air with her finger.
Countless small pigeons took flight from her beautiful black hair, as if they
were sucking away Shiroe's light source. The effects of black birds flying
and merging with the air should be an unknown type of spell.

The alluring beauty had the same face, but was now wearing a black
gothic dress made from the feathers of crows. She had animal ears and a
tail which was white at the tip.
"Fufu, fufufu... How did Shiro-sama know? Information about 'Overlay'
shouldn't have spread here yet."
"It's my gut feeling."
Shiroe adopted a strong tone.
The lady in the basement just now was definitely a level 10 People of the
Land, named Dariella. Shiroe confirmed this using the status screen.
According to the common sense of Elder Tales, this was an established
fact, there were no two ways about it. The only reason Shiroe doubted this
was because of his instinct and intelligence that came from another
channel other than Ooshima.
Shiroe was certain that Nureha was somewhere in Akiba at this moment.
He didn't expect Nureha to appear in front of him, but it was more
believable for the source of the trouble to turn up instead of a beautiful
'People of the Land writer'.
"Intuition... But you knew my name right?"
The beauty facing him, Nureha, gave a charming smile. Even though
Shiroe knew her identity, he couldn't help himself from looking at her.
"...Please take a seat okay?"
Nureha looked at Shiroe with watery eyes. Shiroe could see Nureha's
white and defenseless throat from this angle, making him close his mouth
tightly. If he didn't do this, Shiroe was afraid he would keep on staring.
"Don't put your guard up. Look... I didn't even bring my magic bag and am
unarmed. I came alone to meet Shiro-sama."
Nureha said when Shiroe cautiously sat on an office chair near the door.
"Isn't that rather careless for the leader of the west?"
"I am not the leader of anything."
Nureha smiled.

Her pose, putting her index finger on her lips, made her look cute and
young. She seemed about the same age as Shiroe, but she could change
the atmosphere with different actions using her beautiful looks. She might
seem like a bewitching lady, but you could see her pure and naive side
too.
Shiroe felt her charm was terrifying.
Like a white flower blooming proudly in the darkness, a sweetness that
could numb your senses.
This lady was the guild master of 'Plant hwyaden' after all.
A renowned gigantic guild that remained a mystery, 'Plant hwyaden'. The
beauty at the top of the guild, 'Councillor of the West' Nureha.
The beginning of all this happened at the time Shiroe was plotting the
formation of the Round Table Council.
Shiroe back then was planning to revitalize and bring order to the chaotic
Akiba with a depressed atmosphere after the Catastrophe.
Coincidentally, the same thing was happening to the players in Minami, a
city in the west. There was chaos, depression, and security deteriorated.
But a certain Adventurer attempted to change this just like Shiroe.
That person was the defenseless beauty sitting in front of Shiroe, Nureha.
But Nureha's plan for the future and means of achieving it was totally
different from Shiroe's.
Nureha approached the Itsuki clan, whom inherited the bloodline of the
rulers of ancient Yamato, Westelande dynasty, ranking first among the
clans in Yamato nobility society. Unlike the east which was ruled by the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', the 'Holy Empire Westelande' was
ruled centrally by the Itsuki Dukedom in Kyoto.
This governance applied only to People of the Land, and had nothing to do
with Adventurers. The Adventurers didn't care for the People of the Land
and their nobles even after the Catastrophe.

But Nureha was different. She approached and won the affection of the
nobles and the Itsuki clan. Although her intentions were unknown, Nureha
used her charms to win over the People of the Land, planting her
poisonous seeds.
When Shiroe went towards Susukino, Minami's city guards had become
Nureha's personal army, and she used the wealth of the People of the
Land to purchase the cathedral zone.
A powerful army and control over life and death. With these 2 weapons,
Nureha continued to stay behind the scenes and plotted calmly and
adequately in secret. She founded 'Plant hwyaden' and slowly gathered
supporters which reached a colossal scale in no time. The members
consisted mainly of the elite players of the west.
But one day, Nureha made an official announcement.
... All Adventurers residing in Minami must join 'Plant Hwyaden'.
"Ruling with a single guild, a city with no discrimination based on guilds."
This was the style of governance proposed by Nureha.
"Pardon me for being blunt, but even if you leave running of the operations
to Inticus, Misuha, and Zerudus, you are still the Councillor of the West."
"I didn't leave it to them, all right? Everyone is just doing it the way they
want to. I didn't plan to bind everybody, just give them a home to live in...
And being protected by everyone. This is my only wish."
Her fluent speech was like the song of a siren, the sweet sound tempting
men to listen forever.
"...Please tell me why you have come."
"You are so hasty Shiro-sama."
"You were the one deceiving me in the first place."
"... Fufufu, I get it. Since Shiro-sama says so, I will cooperate with you.
Actually I..."
Nureha continued after being pushed by Shiroe.

"I came here to invite you. Shiro-sama, please join 'Plant hwyaden', come
to my side. I wish to work besides you, I want you to protect me."
"Why?"
"I mean it literally, I want you Shiro-sama... It is embarrassing, but I have
known about Shiro-sama for a long time."
That was nothing surprising.
Both Shiroe and Nureha were enchanters. Enchanters were an unpopular
class in Elder Tales, their numbers were only about half the average of the
other classes.
When Elder Tales was just a game, the Japanese server had about 80,000
players, but as far as Shiroe knew, only 2,000 were level 90 Enchanters.
In MMORPGs, the Adventurers of the same class would take note of each
other.
What were their equipment? How were they building their character? How
were they fighting? Since it was a game, the best research subjects for
building your character and using techniques were players in similar
positions. It might sound greedy, but you could learn more from players
who were better than you.
This was a common perspective when playing a game.
The Adventurers who joined major guilds to find excellent equipment after
completing raids as well as Adventurers who researched battle tactics only
made up a small number. If you limited this to enchanters, the number was
about a 100. Since it was only a 100, it was possible to know all their
names.
Shiroe knew about all the high level enchanters in Japan's server, so he
was aware of Nureha.
Nureha was similar to Shiroe, an enchanter who chose not to join any
guilds. Enchanters who took part in major raids despite not being in any
large guilds were rarer than the Iriomote cat[9] that was on the brink of
extinction. They must have met 2 or 3 times before, an industry of 100 was
small for a veteran player like Shiroe.

"I know what Shiro-sama is thinking about, but that's not it. I didn't know
about Shiroe-sama because you are an enchanter. And I didn't want to
recruit you because of your enchanter class."
"So what is this about?"
Nureha did not look away.
She looked at Shiroe with dreamy eyes, as if she wanted to inject
something into him. She continued weaving her words that were as sharp
as knives.
"Didn't you develop a new concept of magic in Sand Leaf? I don't know the
details, but it was modification magic on a grand scale... Shiro-sama is
special, so I knew you would do such great deeds."
"It's the same for you Nureha-san right? I am ignorant of the specifics, but
you managed to restart the inter-city transport gate, although its use is still
limited."
In the basement where the air was so tense you could cut it with a knife,
Shiroe and Nureha stared at each other.
Shiroe didn't think news of his contractual magic would leak, but he
managed to get news of techniques from the west as well. Shiroe replied
with his sharp words, glaring at Nureha.
"Shiro-sama is special indeed, you know everything... Just knowing that
everything I hid behind the scenes has been seen through by you makes
my cheeks burn hot."
"No need for formalities... The one who instructed the classification of all
information from the west was you wasn't it?"
'Plant hwyaden' was a strictly controlled singular guild, divided into many
detailed department and was tightly organized.
Shiroe understood the policy Nureha was pushing.
Wiping out the discrimination big guilds had towards small ones,
recovering the security in Minami, uniting them and coordinating their
efforts to return home. Using a well-organized singular guild was the most

effective way of achieving their goal, that's the truth behind the governance
of Minami and Shiroe agreed that it had its strong points.
'Plant hwyaden' which was founded with this righteous goal in mind,
became a highly united and easy to control organization.
And so they were very united against outsiders and was a group that
would not leak intelligence easily.
The Round Table Council used the liberal self-governance of the guilds, so
they needed to be open about the topics of their conference. Disclosure of
information was the basis of the council, so outsiders would be able to see
their movements and trend in open view.
On the other hand, the one guild governance of 'Plant hwyaden' was
operated by the central executive committee, no other person would know
the real situation of the central committee. Shiroe was one of the few very
information savvy people in Akiba, but 'Plant hwyaden' was like a face in
the fog to him. Even more so for the Adventurers in Akiba, they only knew
it was a strange place dominated by a single guild.
Shiroe's purpose of meeting with Ooshima was to find out news about
Minami and to fetch some items.
"No, I already said it right? I adopted a free reign policy. Sealing off the
spread of information was a decision made by Misuha."
"So the saturation attack on the administrative powers of the Round Table
Council in Akiba was the same?"
"That's right. That's the shallow thinking of the house of lords and Marvis
going out of control,"
Shiroe didn't believe this, even if she didn't come up with it, she did nothing
to stop it. When Shiroe was about to speak, Nureha put a finger to his lips
as if to disrupt him.
Shiroe brushed off Nureha's hand. He didn't notice Nureha getting so
close.
"I came here to invite Shiro-sama. Are you willing to come to my side?"
"Tell this kind of wish to Soujirou, this is not my area of expertise."

"Soujirou-san..."
Nureha showed a faint look of danger, but it was replaced with a troubled
expression the next moment.
"Compared to Soujirou-san, I want Shiro-sama more. Compared to
Soujirou-san, I think Shiro-sama is more special. I came all the way to this
city just to invite Shiro-sama, to ask for Shiro-sama's companionship."
Her speech made Shiroe's vision go white.
Shiroe was unable to feel any sincerity from the woman in front of him.
Shiroe could feel from his instinct that this lady was sculpted from lies and
sins. But even though he understood, this temptation still made him dizzy.
Shiroe felt that his immunity towards women was too low.
(No one has said I was more special than Soujirou before... how
shameful.)
"Can't you...?"
"Because this is not the truth."
"...I see."
Nureha gazed downwards and replied softly.
The feelings of being entwined faded away from Shiroe, replaced by a
fragile and brittle feeling.
"Then, if I tell you the truth, would you be willing to come to me?"
"I need to hear it before judging."
"The truth is nothing fantastic right?"
Nureha maintained her fragile expression like old earthenware, letting out
a hoarse laugh.
"... All right. Because you are Shiro-sama, because you are special,
because you are unique, I need to display the appropriate determination.
Yes, I understand, because I have been waiting for this all the while..."
Nureha continued like chanting a curse.

"Shiro-sama, I... am an ugly girl."
"Ah...?"
"I am honored to surprise you. Anyway, my eyes are scarily big, I'm petite
in size and have no figure... an ugly child who only knows how to look
around greedily."
It was only natural for Shiroe to be surprised. The beauty in front of him
had overly strong eyes, but she had a face anyone would describe as
alluring.
But the topic was going in a direction Shiroe did not expect.
"I was really skinny in elementary school. Not only my ribs, even the bones
in my limbs were visible. My hair was a mess, my clothes were full of
stains, I was closer to a dirty girl than an ugly girl."
"I grew taller in middle school, but my weight did not increase, I was still
skinny to the bone. I think I was a disgusting girl who looked at her
surroundings from behind her fringe."
"I remember starting to change from my 2nd year of middle school.
Because of some reasons, I gained some financial support and started to
have proper meals. Although my body didn't get used to it in the beginning,
my body weight still increased gradually... but I was still skinny and frail.
Barely improving from a disgusting body with visible bones to a skinny
body."
This...
Is this some sort of child abuse? Shiroe thought.
Also, he was doubting the truth behind her words.
Even though Nureha announced she would say the truth from now on,
Shiroe remained skeptical. Because Ooshima was not here. Nureha
somehow found out from Ooshima about his meeting with Shiroe and
came here before him, this fact remained unchanged.
Even if this lady was speaking in such a demure tone, she was still the
guild master of the one guild, Plant hwyaden, ruling Minami.

But Shiroe wouldn't believe her if she said these were all lies. If liars could
only lie, they would be on the same level as honest people.
Liars might tell the truth sometimes.
"I learned how to groom myself, but I was still a pathetic woman you can
see on the streets anywhere. My flat chest, skinny limbs, and plain face,
only my eyes were unnecessarily big. The comment I heard most often
was that I was a 'girl who brings misfortune'. Fufufu, probably not only my
appearance, it can't be helped if some parts inside me... But even so, there
were still those who had demands from me just because I was young and
a middle-school girl. I won't give an excuse, that it was necessary for
survival. As I was happy someone praised me and became arrogant."
A blunt sense of unhappiness washed over Shiroe because of the contents
of her words.
Is this the truth?
If it was, he was unhappy such things happened near him.
Is this a lie?
If it was so, he was still not happy a woman said such things intentionally
to him.
"Shiro-sama?"
When he snapped out of his thoughts, Nureha's eyes were so close it
made him jump. Nureha looked into Shiroe's eyes and smiled dimly.
"See, wasn't that boring? In the end, this world is not reality. This body and
the skills it possesses are all an illusion. In this world, reality has no value
at all. Shiro-sama, I will be your lover if you are willing to come to my side.
Don't you want to? I have this body now, the body everyone praised to be
warm and pure. Are you unwilling to accept a girl like me?"
Shiroe tasted salt in his mouth before he realized he was biting his lips.
His temperature rose and his cheeks were burning hot.
Her white cleavage showed through her dark dress. Her alluring fingers
that were moving gently. Her flighty expression. Her voice that seemed to

melt away. The poisonous cake so fragrant you wanted to take a bite
anyway.
"My unappealing body won't be able to please men, so I have practiced
hard... I am good at lying. If Shiro-sama doesn't mind the lies, I will be able
to convince you. That's right, until you are satisfied. Be it sunset or sunrise,
I will be by your side till the end of the world."
"Why?"
"...Do I need a reason?"
"You need to convince me that this is the truth, or else there is no point!"
"I already told you to just accept these lies... Everything is made up
anyway."
Her peach pink lips injected sweet honeyed words into Shiroe. Shiroe
could see the pleading and playful mysterious smile of Nureha and her
gently wagging tail.
"... It's all made up?"
"Yup, it's all made up, a work of fiction... It's the experience of my friend's
sister... That lady came into contact with Elder Tales one day. This form of
entertainment is far off from the world she lives in. But even so, she grew
addicted to it. Do you know why?"
Shiroe didn't know.
He was unable to answer.
"Because she could get the ideal body in this game. That way she would
be protected, wooed, given gifts, and receive the happiness she could only
wish for. She obtained a beautiful face and alluring body in this world but...
It is just a game, so isn't it laughable to act this way?"
Shiroe's tongue was stuck in his mouth, as Nureha continued.
"She... doesn't have luck with men. Even with her heavenly looks and
figure, she still hasn't got what she wanted. Because this is an MMO, you
will be treated kindly and warmly if you are a girl, but she still didn't get
what she hoped for. The man she is after, the man she desires ignored her
for unknown reasons. Why? Some girls look plainer than her but are more

popular. They are loved by others just because they are cheerful and
naive. There are such girls out there."
Nureha's eyes were like dark pits, devouring Shiroe.
"Don't look at the way I am now, I put in a lot of effort okay... I learned a
graceful demeanour and words in order to please men, researched which
actions will attract guys spending lots of time on my hair and clothes. It
might sound ridiculous, but I even doll up for offline meetings. That was so
shameful fufufu... But I failed anyway... No, don't look so sad, my effort
wasn't in vain. Thanks to these skills, I can serve Shiro-sama properly...
Sounds good right?"
This was a sweet, fragrant, pleasing to the ears and beautiful temptation...
But the words were rotten. Shiroe was confused by these symptoms.
Even though Nureha's invitation was twisted in some ways, it still had a
dazzling charm to it, magical enough to captivate Shiroe's soul.
"But she... one day, fell into the abyss of despair, then someone said this
to her. 'You are strong'... 'Even though you play solo, you have my
respect'... Another enchanter told her this. How about it Shiro-sama? Is this
work of fiction acceptable to you?"
"Is this..."
Is this true? Shiroe couldn't bring himself to say it. Shiroe didn't remember
saying this, and couldn't conclude whether she was lying. Although he only
recalled after meeting her again, Shiroe and Nureha partied together
several times in the past.
With his fame he built up in the Tea Party, Shiroe fought in many major
raids as a reinforcement from outside the guild. It should be the same with
Nureha. Enchanters were not necessary in normal adventures, but in the
long battles of major raids, their MP recovery abilities were very useful.
Shiroe was unable to say for certain he did not utter these words in the
past.
Assuming he did say them, he probably didn't do so out of ill-will. It was not
Shiroe's nature to do such things to get on the good side of women, and he

was not skilled at this anyway. Because of this, he could have mentioned
his true feelings without much thought.
Shiroe was unable to question her about the legitimacy of this.
He thought forgetting was a form of cruel betrayal.
"Shiro-sama, please come to my side. I will prepare a position for
Shiro-sama in 'Plant hwyaden'. I have already prepared the title of 'Royal
Secretary' in the Itsuki family to be bestowed on Shiro-sama. The Itsuki
clan listens to all my biddings anyway... Shiro-sama already has made
some headway already right? Regarding this drastic change and a way
back into our old world."
Her words made Shiroe gasp.
"Ah ah, a reaction... Shiro-sama is a special person indeed. I know too... I
know a way back."
There was no way to tell just how much Nureha had seen through Shiroe
as she licked her red lips after saying this. Shiroe averted his eyes from
her tempting movements, making her laugh cheekily like a teenage girl.
"I discovered a way to return to our old world."
"It's still too early to prove it as a means to return... Since there is no
evidence, it is just deleting the body from this world."
"If Shiro-sama is willing to help, we can avoid such uncertain results right."
To be honest, Shiroe almost agreed to join Nureha at this point.
Not because of the temptation from Nureha.
Shiroe was interested in the skills Nureha had gained. Staying in the west
dominated by Nureha would open up more information channels than
staying in Akiba. Be it gathering data or developing new techniques, it
would be much easier to get the things he wanted using the influence of
Nureha's colossal guild. Considering the goal of returning to the old world,
this was the most efficient path. It could be described as the best path to
take for the good of all Adventurers.
No, this theory was just an excuse.

The terms Nureha offered were too good.
This was not referring to Nureha's beauty and body. But the one who
called Shiroe special made him awaken the loneliness in his heart that he
had forgotten about. Shiroe was weak in declining the requests of others,
which caused Shiroe to visit many guilds and get hurt in the process.
It was obvious that Nureha was wild and dangerous. But that was the
reason why Shiroe almost gave in to her invitation. No matter how true her
words were, could Shiroe be the only mind who could stop her? It was a
dangerous sensation, a sweet temptation eating at Shiroe's heart.
Shiroe felt obligated.
Even though he was not the cause of this, the feeling of guilt churned like a
torrent in his heart. It was an emotion that stemmed from his sense of
responsibility, a feeling of guilt despite not being guilty. The worse thing
was Nureha understood this point.
"...In the end, Shiro-sama is not being rational right?"
"Rational?"
Shiroe answered the feverish Nureha who only had Shiroe in her eyes.
"Yes, rational. Shiro-sama... is an irrational person right? You do not have
any reason to side with Akiba, and no cause to side with the People of the
Land correct? It's just a vague sense of ethics right? No, it doesn't matter,
this has nothing to do with my desire to be with get Shiroe-sama, but I think
Shiroe-sama will feel bad about this, so..."
Nureha moved her lips so close to Shiroe's ears that it was almost
touching, a distance where you could feel each other's body warmth.
"Please Shiro-sama, use me, Nureha, as an excuse. Please use me as
your reason... This way, Shiro-sama will be able to release your full
potential right? You can get rid of limitations and boundaries, allowing you
to use your intellect to the fullest correct? I only wish for Shiro-sama, so
Shiro-sama can use Nureha as your reason, as an excuse, and do
anything you want with me, okay?"
The decisive words of temptation marked the point they went their
separate ways.

Being able to use his intellect to its limit was a very tempting deal for
Shiroe. He woke up one day to find himself in an alternate world, caught in
the deteriorating security and conflicts, making him go through horrifying
and dangerous crises. After going through this, Shiroe's desire to wield his
power was as strong as his wish to kiss the beauty in front of him.
It was not Shiroe's fault they fell into this alternate world.
Wanting to blame the world was what all Adventurers invited into this world
wanted to scream from their very soul. They wanted to know the reason for
this and a purpose for them to fight for. It was the same for all Adventurers,
their soul must be burning with anger at this unreasonable reality.
Nureha was correct.
And it was tempting because she was right.
But Shiroe was unable to use reasons as an excuse. This would definitely
diminish the fruits of all their actions so far.
The touching fingertips, grateful smile, the banquet that lasted until dawn,
the dessert that came from both ends, going on an adventure on the vast
plains with everyone... all this would be diminished.
If he liked Nureha even a little bit, or felt an emotion that was close to love,
Shiroe would never use her as an excuse.
Because he had Log Horizon now, Shiroe was able to assert this with
conviction.
"Ah..."
Nureha looked at Shiroe who pushed her away, her fox ears squirming
confusedly on top of her black hair.
"I have decided to treat all of your works of fiction as the truth... but I can't
go with you."
Nureha was rooted to the ground, looking at Shiroe unwilling to give him
up. She seemed to be pleading even after the rejection and asked with
trembling lips: "Why?"
"Instead of being your companion, it is better to stay your enemy, your
wish would more likely be fulfilled this way."

Shiroe looked at Nureha with his own will for the first time, speaking each
sentence clearly as if to confirm his own conviction. His words stabbed
Nureha's heart like a sword. Shiroe could feel her pain as he touched
Nureha's cool face.
"I decided to continue being your enemy, so you can find a reason in the
future."
Shiroe's words became the invisible chains that connected Nureha and
Shiroe together.
This chain would guide Akiba and Minami to the 'Sky Labyrinth of
Inburiumu' and onward to the 'Sea of Nectar'.

Chief Nyanta's Akiba Food Guide

Time Schedule
Regular Day for All Members

Libra Festival Site Map

Log Horizon
Terminology
<table width=80%><tr><td width=50% valign="top">
{{File:Log_Horizon_Vol04_354-355.png}}<td width=50% valign="top">
{{File:Log_Horizon_Vol04_356-357.png}}
{| class="wikitable" |- !colspan="4"|Main Classes |- !Magic Attack
Classes!!Healing Classes!!Weapon Attack Classes!!Warrior Classes ||Sorcerer
Strong at dealing direct damage to opponents. ||Cleric
The ultimate healer boasting of the greatest healing ability. ||Assassin
A pure attacker proficient in the use of diverse weapons. ||Guardian
Wields the highest defensive ability and abilities that gathers enemies by
aggro. |- |Summoner
Strong at summoning and manipulating mythical beasts and spirits. ||Druid
A magic-type healing class that allies with the natural and spirits.
||Swashbuckler
Takes up a guerrilla-like position. Duel-wielding and versatile. ||Samurai
Uses Japanese-styled equipment, and wields powerful skills. |- |Enchanter
Strong at the control of battle status and MP. ||Kannagi
A preventive-type healing class that blocks off damage. ||Bard
A light-armored warrior fluent in many "songs" of magical effects. ||Monk
A balance class that lacks armaments but excels in evasion. |}

Afterword
Greetings, it's been 2 months, I am Mamare.
I am grateful for your purchase of Log Horizon 5 Sunday in the streets of
Akiba, which is the last Log Horizon book for the year. Ah~ this has been a
long year. Although I want to say 'this is a good place to stop!' but it is
already the spring of 2012 in the publishing world.
If my esteemed readers are in the workforce, you should be able to
understand the production process and the merchandise making it to the
shelf are different things. You might be in December while holding this
book, but Mamare is still stuck in October country.
The weather is getting cold, the sunlight is gradually making people happy
and the bed is becoming alluring. That's right, this is the season for
afternoon naps. Some people call it the autumn of appetites, the autumn
for sports, but it is the autumn for sleeping for Mamare. Even the autumn of
reading which is crucial for authors cannot beat afternoon naps.
The Mamare who was found out to be an author by his family starts to live
his NEET lifestyle with an open heart at home. Although he has always
lived like a NEET, but being a published author makes Mamare a
professional NEET. Professional NEET (National class 1 limit break) just
ranks below office dwelling NEET (international class 1) and married NEET
(international class 2).
NEET lives carefree lives everyday like the Muni family <TL: finland fairy
tale>. In fact, Mamare thinks it is a happy lifestyle where he can write daily,
but he receive pressure from all sides. to use this chance and clean up the
house. Asking a NEET to do hard labor, this goes against the international
NEET charter. Mamare was being politically correct when saying 'all sides',
the true meaning is 'threat of violence from Mamare(younger sister).
Cough cough.
Electric stove, throw. Microwave, throw. Fridge, throw.
Cleaning the house this way feels more like moving than doing spring
cleaning. Instead of moving, it is more like escaping in the night, pawning
everything in the house away. If being bald is a refreshing feeling, then the
Mamare house is super refreshing. Mamare don't understand how it turn
out like this.

The fridge is gone, Mamare(younger sister) stock of ice cream is also
finished. It is going to be winter soon and there is no need to stock up on
ice cream, but Mamare(younger sister) is still furious. Mamare(younger
sister) before entering middle school always thought that 'Hagen Daaz is
only for grown ups, so I will only eat it after getting my licence'. Nope, that's
how my mother educated her.
In the Mamare family, Lady Borden ice cream is used as a substitute for
people who fail the age test. Lady Borden sama, I am sorry.
Speaking of comparison, the Mamare family treats Young anchovy rice
bowl as the inferior substitute of Salmon roe rice bowl. Mother will talk
about how 'eating such a small fish is a sin', making the atmosphere during
meals awkward. Mamare(younger sister) somehow mistook young
anchovy to be baby Capelins somehow.
Recollecting this makes me realize mother was pushing it too much.
The reason why Mamare don't eat Natto is because mother said 'Chiba
has a pond that ferments the beans, many people were forced into hard
labor there'. Hai, what a terrible tale. When I ask her about it 10 years later,
mother said with a smile 'that was a prank, because you were very
arrogant back then'.
I was thinking about how to get back at her, but now I think about it,
Mamare also pass on many fake knowledge to Mamare(younger sister), so
I am guilty too. This is the ties of the blood.
A few days ago, I told her 'To confirm the final process of the publishing, I
will be going to the factory to adjust the colors, this is an important
obligation of the author' and prepare to leave the house. Mamare(younger
sister) told me 'don't trouble others' and bid me farewell, she didn't think I
am actually going to a BBQ party. But she found out in the end and gave
me a punch.
Because of these matters, I want to let my editor F-ta chan play the female
lead in my afterword too. If I keep going this route, the social pressure I
feel from Mamare(younger sister) will increase, which manifest in the form
of physical blows in reality. This ends the regular report of the Mamare
family, I will talk about Log Horizon 5.
After taking a breather from the grand scale battles of the previous volume,
this is a slice of life in Akiba episode this time. Shiroe's love story is
gradually beginning, the 2 girls Akatsuki and Minori make their first moves.

Just like Lady Borden can't become the substitute of Hagan Daaz, similar
to how young anchovy rice bowl is the inferior replacement of salmon roe
rice bowl, the 2 of them are totally different entities. Unable to see this
obvious concept, comparing things other then themselves, these
unresolved feelings are the focus in this book. But without this suffering
and darkness, they won't be able to welcome the daybreak.

The equipment of each character featured at the beginning of each
chapter, is also the results of fan submission during September-October of
2011. The ideas we used are from 545454248、IGM_masamune、YoshiS onderm
thank you everyone! Even though a lot of the submission did not make it to
publication, I am still grateful to all netizens who participated, Log Horizon
can only written with all your support.
Those who like this work after reading Log Horizon, please come and visit
http://mamare.net! It provides the latest news and contents other then Log
Horizon. Sales of Maou side story with drama CD is ongoing now, those
who wants to find out about the manga please come and visit!
As we move to a close, I am grateful to chief publisher Mr Shoji Masuda,
the illustration master Harakazuro sensei (I'm sorry for taking too long to
edit my work), Hashimoto Mochichi sensei who drew the map for the base,
Tamuraki Hisae sensei for illustrating the Libra Festival map, 24 sensei for
drawing the food guide, tsubakiya firm for the publishing designs and my
female editor the petite F-ta chan! Mr Osako also took care of me this
round! Thank you everyone!
Next will be for the readers to enjoy this book, please take your time!
'Don't Ostracise Nameko bowl' Mamare Touno
A gear inside Akatsuki falls into place.
Lowering her centre of gravity and holding her breath. The image she
draws from her heart when assuming this pose becomes a trigger for a
skill. This is the unique skill of trackers, silent move. It usually requires the
use of the game menu to activate it, but Akatsuki has trained it enough to
call forth the technique with her body movements alone.
Her presence dissipates from her body clad in black, as if her life force
itself is gone. The 'presence' of Akatsuki right now is very vague.

Akatsuki doesn't know her location, but she can see the attack from the
demon blade clearly from her fixed field of vision. Akatsuki is exposed in
the dangerous front of the attack, but there is another Akatsuki watching
from another position. Her 'movement' is at the level of 'shadow burrowing',
her separated life force advance in a straight line on the battlefield.
Akatsuki dodges past the ice storm like attack of the mass murderer.
The body that looks like Akatsuki and Akatsuki's consciousness are in
different places.
The evidence is the shining body of Akatsuki and swaying in the ice storm,
negating all attacks like illusions.
Akatsuki reaches the back of the mass murderer enduring the
overwhelming sense of acceleration.
She can't keep this up much longer.
She can only activate this special skill by holding her breath and calming
her heart. The skill used for infiltration mission or escaping from monsters
are forcibly applied on the battlefield. This is the overskill Akatsuki learned.
...Boring.
Akatsuki wields her blade like a sparrow.
The sudden attack behind cuts into the throat of the mass murderer
slightly. Even attacking with the illusion just now, he still manage to evade
a fatal hit, the demon blade is formidable indeed.
...Boring.
Akatsuki did not feel the joy of achieving her wish. She stopped her breath
and activate 'shadow burrow' again. The shadow copies that appears
immediately confuse the mass murderer and help Akatsuki evade the triple
strike and leap backwards.
Large icicles form with the strike, Akatsuki ignores the flying ice attack and
continue to accelerate, dancing on the blade of the mass murderer.
8th November 2011
I have written till this point!

Mamare Touno
<TL: anyone can confirm the English name of Akatsuki's moves?>

References
1.

↑ Its unnecessary to clean Adventurers clothes, their appearance
will change according to their durability. see-&gt;
[[Log_Horizon:_Volume_4_Chapter_3#Part_3]]

2.

↑ 20 tatami ~ 31 m² ~ 333.4 ft²

3.

↑ 10 tatami ~ 15.5 m² ~ 166.7 ft²

4.
5.
6.

↑ Law stating that as income rises, proportion spent on food
decreases even if actual amount increases.
↑ Sitting properly = 正座/seiza
↑ TL: This is a common dressing for graduation ceremony,
especially for grade- and middle-school.

7.

↑ This was translated as high school student

8.

↑ special police force refers to the Shinsengumi

9.

↑ An endangered subespecies of leopard cat, of about the same
size as a domestic cat, endemic to the island of Iriomote (西表島), the
largest island of the Yaeyama islands and the second largest on
Okinawa prefecture.

Disclaimer
Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take
this work for commercial activities or for personal gain.
Baka-Tsuki does not and will not condone any activities
of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print,
auction.

Credits
Story
: Mamare Touno
Illustrator : Kazuhiro Hara
Generated on Mon Mar 24 17:13:07 2014

