Chapter 1: Shiroe in the North
Part 1

The dim red Fox Light illuminated the luxurious room.
Unlike the Bug Light common in Akiba, it was a weak flame. It could not light up
such a spacious room. The flickering fire shone in the room unevenly, casting
shadows everywhere.
The room which seemed to be empty had an occupant.
A woman with black hair curled up in the dark with a shawl wrapped around her.
But the room didn't look desolate.
This was a room outfitted with extravagant furniture. A beautiful cotton couch,
walls adorned with damask, a bed with a canopy and a table made from marble.
But you couldn't feel the tender usage of the owner in these items. They were
simply commanded to be displayed there, giving off a mechanical atmosphere
akin to strangers.
Nureha who appeared to be hiding amongst the shadows of the furniture was
mulling away a sleepless night as usual.

She could see papers pouring down like a waterfall from a small round table in
her field of vision. A document which seemed to be filled with some words was
stained with a red mark like a flower. On closer inspection, it appeared to be red
wine.
Nureha focused on the scenery in this dim room.
It was impossible to read the small words written with dedication on the papers

in such a dark room. Nureha was just using her eyes to oppose these
documents as well as the illusions that were rising from the darkness.
All sorts of things emerged from the darkness, most of them being blurry white
humanoid figures.
The figures with hazy outlines were conversing in tiny voices beyond the range
of Nureha's hearing, stealing glances at Nureha. The smoke-like shadows with
hazy faces seemed to be judging her as they looked at her tauntingly.
Nureha clenched her fist as she glared at them.
Sometimes the illusions could solidify, Nureha had seen such a frighteningly big
arm materialized before. If the hand grabbed Nureha's hair, it would drag her
towards the white figures.
Nureha let out a feral growl, she learned that the shadows would dissipate if she
did that.
She covered her ears to block out the curse-like sounds, mulling away the night.
This guild house with 16 luxurious rooms was for Nureha's personal use. Aside
from Nureha, there were less than 10 people with the right to access the guild
building. At this late hour, only the People of the Land maid on duty might visit.
Nureha spent the seemingly endless night alone in the shadows.
She didn't have the memory of what she had done to deserve this. A deep
fatigue encompassed her. Her blood that had turned cold circulated around her
limbs as heavy as sandbags, the world was as depressing as a city sunk
underwater.
This was normal. She had always felt this way.
The nights were lonely even with this Adventurer body.

She lifted her slender hand before her eyes.
Thin, white and tender, fingers that were like a delicate piece of art.
Like a bewitching sculpture, her nails glittered with a pink glow.
Her flawless skin extended down from her fingertips. Her arm seemed to lack
warmth, but was soft to the touch.
Joyous feelings she could not suppress were mixed together with the disgusting
darkness.
Even though Nureha did not acknowledge the high value of her body, she
understood why others fell heads over heels for her. It was a rotten happiness.
Enchanting fingers which were much more alluring than her real life self seemed
to be caressing the darkness as they moved.
With a sweet husky voice, fragrance of flowers, and clothes that fit snugly over
the curves of her body, these were things others craved for. If she thought of it
this way, an impure sense of joy welled up.
The white figures that claimed the area around the fallen documents let out a
short burst of laughter of contempt. The white figures seemed to be accusing
her with groans, but the winds had turned. Nureha was not enduring the pain
like before.
Nureha wore her blanket like a mantle as she cawed like a bird.
She thought this was a sound that boded misfortune.
She couldn't let out such a loud and irritating voice in front of anyone, be it the
young head of the ruling clan, the chief Sentinal Roreiru, Zerudusu or
Nakarunado. Tempting others with her alluring honeyed voice was the norm for
Nureha. It had always been like this before, and would continue to be in the
future.
She thought she was boring.

She thought she was silly.
Even though she thought this way, the crowd craved after the boring and silly
Nureha and continued to fight, sigh, and belittle others in order to show their
own superiority.
Those who looked down on Nureha and accused her of endangering the world
were now willing to give their whole fortune and even lives for Nureha's sweet
husky voice. This was the weapon and armor Nureha used to mill away the
endless night. It allowed Nureha to forget the pain momentarily as the screams
of all those fighting over her drowned out the sorrow.
The people who worshiped the worthless Nureha like treasure seemed so silly.
The silliness granted Nureha warmth and a numbing sense of healing and
sweetness.
Just looking at them gave Nureha so much joy. On top of that, just by observing
the bickering of the dull people around Nureha, she confirmed once again that
the world was worthless just like she was.

She couldn't help but smile when she remembered the warning given by an
Adventurer with a pallid face
'-- This world is not a game. We have to struggle for our survival.'
Nureha was aware of the sinister smile she was showing.
What a foolish thing to say. Meaningless. What's the use of saying this now.
Nureha thought they were still half-asleep. The young Adventurer who said this
was now a member of Plant hwyaden, working and dedicating his life for the
guild. Was joining a guild and becoming a worker ant the struggle he was talking
about?
Foolish.
Just hours after the Catastrophe, Nureha swindled all the money, food,

weapons, and armor of the Adventurers around her. It was too easy. They
believed all the ridiculous lies she told them after falling into a panic.
A couple of days later, Nureha obtained information of this new world through
the dedication of her devotees. After giving up on thinking because of the shock
of the Catastrophe, they followed Nureha without question. With her gentle
words soothing them, distracting them from their worries, Nureha was able to
organize them, and became the richest Adventurer in Minami.
One month after the Catastrophe, she was able to gain control of the Guards in
the south after mastering her 'Overskill'.
The coup was over without anyone knowing it. With her overwhelming military
force, Nureha negotiated with the aristocrats and rulers of the People of the
Land, amassing even more wealth. With this, buying the cathedral was a piece
of cake.
That's right, it was that simple.
This was the struggle for survival the young Adventurer warned her about as if it
were some guarded secret.
This was beyond the realms of silliness.
She even hated the young man for being so naive.
This world was not a game. Nureha laughed from the bottom of her heart when
she heard this. Nureha was thankful for his naive words. People became
trusting when faced with disasters they had never seen before and then turned
into cattle ready for slaughter.
Looking at the serious and desperate face of the youth, she was tempted to vent
her dark emotions, but she maintained her attitude of a loving big sister. She
was aware that this was the mask he wanted the most.
But the impulse to laugh continued to fill Nureha's heart.

She knew. She had always known.

Nureha had never played around.
She only treated Elder Tales as a game or entertainment in the very beginning.
For most players, Elder Tales was just a MMO computer game, but it was a
battlefield without mercy for Nureha.
If she stopped shedding blood and tears, she would be forgotten.
If she were forgotten, she would disappear from this world.
If a person were not sought after or cherished by someone else, it would be the
same as being dead. No, it would be worse than death.
Being dead might just be a vast emptiness, but to live life without any meaning,
without anyone caring about you, just treating you like dirt was unlike a peaceful
death. Being an unimportant flawed presence your whole life, that was an
unending hell.
In order to gain the goodwill of others, in order to make others love her, in order
to make them fight for her, Nureha dedicated herself to research with abandon.
Nureha knew about hell, she knew the burning sensation of solitude.
No matter the hardship, it was a hundred times better than being ignored by
others. The fruits of her research allowed her every gesture and word to garner
the favor of others, who Nureha discarded like trash onto the floor, and then she
repeated the process with new victims.
Nureha thought that they deserved it. It was a ritual to prove 'your feelings for
me are worthless'. Only players whose eyes had been muddled by selfish wants
would present their goodwill to the twisted Nureha.

'-- We have to struggle for our survival.'
A comedic line.
It seemed to suggest that there was no need to fight for survival in their old
world.
Maybe that was true. Maybe that was the case for that youth. Maybe he was
pampered in his life, or maybe there was something wrong with his head. When
she thought of this, she felt the impulse to laugh out loud, as the darkness and
hatred inside her swelled.
From what Nureha knew, every moment was a battle for survival. Be it the old
world or this one, that didn't change.
Analyze the system, find the weakness, make them careless, manipulate them,
earn their trust, betray them, take everything from them. These were the basic
rules of the world. To say it out loud to show your determination was beyond
stupid.
She was aware of the reason she gained control of Minami so easily.
Nureha planned this from the very beginning. Of the tens of thousands of
Adventurers wandering this world, Nureha was the only one to see this as reality
and not just a game from the very beginning. This was the norm for Nureha after
all.
Nureha garnered the goodwill of others just like when Elder Tales was just a
game, while walking the thin line of sowing discord and gaining the favor of
others. She had always been chasing after the advantage for herself. That was
why she was beloved by the people and became the center of Plant hwyaden.
The world chose Nureha and she obtained happiness. She obtained everything!

She listened to the sound of her own breathing while glaring at the shadows.
Why was she, the chosen one, in such a pitiful state? Nureha shivered as she

hugged her tail like a pillow.
Why was she cowering like a wounded beast, struggling to mill the night away
with bated breath?
Nureha ground her teeth and her fox ears fidgeted.
She lifted her head and looked up, the door which shaped the light into a
rectangle opened, with the figure of the maid in the middle.
"Nureha-sama."
"..."
Nureha averted her eyes, blatantly ignoring her words. The maid who oversaw
the actual operations, Indicus. Although she was Nureha's key advisor, Nureha
was totally not interested in her. On further thought, she might be a woman who
was haunting Nureha like some sort of curse.
"You are not sleeping on the bed again."
"..."
Nureha looked at the silhouette of Indicus standing against the light at the door.
In place of her usual emotionless mask, Indicus was smiling. Although she only
showed this smile to Nureha, Nureha felt her stomach cramping every time she
saw it. No matter how she tried to cleanse herself, no matter how she attempted
to mask it, Nureha still felt the pungent smell similar to the arm reaching out for
her from the darkness.
"Are you thinking about Shiroe?"
"..."
Nureha kept on staring.

But Indicus wouldn't back off or disappear from intimidation like the white
figures.
Indicus continued to wear her smile like a sticker on her face, glided in and bent
down to look at Nureha.

Nureha bit her lips when she smelled cold steel as Indicus came near her. It was
the taste of clean blades that didn't match well with women.
"Is that it?"
"Don't talk about him."
Her furious words seemed to fall on deaf ears. It had always been this way. Of
all the demands Nureha made, Indicus refused to oblige on this one thing.
Indicus was willing to give up everything for this one.

"I told you so didn't I? Of course I did. That man won't do. It didn't work despite
all your efforts. That man has no worries to hold him back. He has always been
like this. He is not a normal player, just background noise who has some minor
accomplishments... Hey, Nureha. Sama?"
Pain and horror seeped into Nureha's view.
"That man is beyond your grasp. He is just a traitor with a little street smarts. Or
rather, he has an obsession with cleanliness. And you stink like the sewers."
She knew it was coming and had braced herself, but Indicus' remark still stung
like salt on a wound. The countless memories she had suppressed in the
darkness squirmed in Nureha's chest like restless spirits.
That was what the white figures had been whispering about.
It was the past Nureha had already left behind in the old world.
"Who do you expect to approach and caress you? A filthy, broken hobo like you?
Aren't you nothing but a stowaway on a train? Even the specks of dust on you
are lies. The truth is that your past smells more pungent than an open sewage
cover. Wearing your disgusting smile, with no control over your desires as you
gaze longingly over to our side, a lowlife like you?"

The intense terror that held a stranglehold over Nureha awoke.
The plastic plates. Soup with pieces of trash mixed in. Hiding in the narrow
storage compartment, hoping to evade detection. Her belongings were hidden
from her, having to walk barefooted on the road. Memories of hiding in the
bushes, not wanting her family to find her. The memories of all her failures.
"Please face the truth. Don't ever hope that someone like you can connect
socially with anyone. That's right, a dirty woman like you will only be able to
make a contract with someone like me."
She grit her teeth to hold back the feeling of nausea.
It worked this time.
Lucky.
To hide her weakness, Nureha had to keep her eyes wide open. Indicus told the
truth. But she could not bring herself to say it out loud. Nureha knew better than
anyone else how filthy and disgusting she was.
But knowing it yourself and someone bringing it up were two different matters.
"Because you are a princess that looks nice from afar but is far from nice."
Indicus pulled Nureha up by her ears, threatening to tear the fox ears off of the
glaring Nureha.
"That's why I told you it is troubling for you to run off to Akiba, Nureha. Sama.
Please use some common sense. Things are different from your time in the
saloon. You have a castle filled with mannequins you collected now. I am going
to secure the Yamato server properly this time. Isn't that our deal, Nurehasama?"
Nureha's hope and dreams.

A dream she bet everything on so she wouldn't have to go back to that place.
She was literally willing to do whatever it took to not go back. That's why she
teamed up with Indicus. This was Nureha's castle, the city that never slept with
its bright lights and wonderful reputation.

"You want to make a home of your own?"
Nureha nodded defiantly in order to hide her weak side from Indicus.
"Is that so. The Conference of the Ten is about to begin."
Indicus seemed to have lost interest in the current Nureha. It was impossible for
Nureha to attend all the meetings too, she had no interest in the actual operation
of the guild.
"Because you are our honorable princess. Allow me to bear the message on
your behalf. Because you are the precious guild master of Plant hwyaden,
Nureha."
Indicus' footsteps grew distant as she left after leaving some sympathetic words
as a parting gift.
Nureha was losing herself in her cursed past and self loathing, curling even
more tightly into a ball and hugging her tail close.
Her extremities felt painful and cold. The blanket wrapped around her body felt
heavy and didn't bring her any warmth.
Her heartbeat grew erratic, her vision turned dark like an anemic attack.
Terrible experiences and shameful recollections welled up, threatening to pull
Nureha back to the old world. Indicus' remarks were spot on, forcing Nureha to
fight the puppet-like figures alone.

But a hint of a smile grew on Nureha's lips.
'... That's right, a dirty woman like you will only be able to make a contract with
someone like me.'
That's not true.
Things are different now.
Such a contract was just a verbal agreement that you couldn't bring yourself to
voice out. It was even less binding than remarks between strangers who
happened to meet on the streets. Aside from her contract with Indicus, Nureha
made another promise with someone else.
'... it is better to be your enemy, your wish would more likely be fulfilled this way.'
The young man whom Indicus had dismissed as useless left these parting
words for Nureha, offering some meager support for her.
The dull rings of the bell from somewhere far away told her it was 9pm.
The hands on the face of the clock seemed to be clogged with glue, moving so
slow that the night seemed endless. The bodies of Adventurers were able to
move effortlessly even when they felt sleepy. This physical advantage became
the lock that trapped Nureha in the dungeon of nightfall. She alternated
endlessly between dozing off and waking up startled.
Nureha waged her battle tonight in her room as usual. "One day, I will
definitely..." Nureha uttered this prayers as she fell into shallow slumber.

Part 2

A group of men and women gathered in the weird room.
Ornaments adorned the pillars and drapes hung on the walls. Flowers were
displayed from vases with delicate designs, the tables and chairs were plated
with gold. But they paled in comparison to the lively congregation.
The 8 members with colorful personalities and their posse.
"Where did Indicus go?"
A man wearing clothes like a court official's and glasses asked.
"She went to visit our princess. It shouldn't take long. Don't worry, Zerudusu."
The woman in military attire replied.
"It has been a while since the appointed time of 'when the moon rises' right?"
"The princess has always been like this."
"Those two should just marry each other."
The young voices filled with arrogance joined in with interest, mixing with one
another.
This room was shaped like a stairwell, with the steps about 4 cm apart . Instead
of steps, it was closer to a series of platforms with ascending height, an
interesting room. Each platform had an unique style, bringing with it an unique
flavor.
There were leather couches and chairs on most platforms, some had tables and

bookshelves. There were ten platforms. The arched doors at the edges of the
room were also placed at differing heights for each platform. The positions of the
doors also reflected the status of the owner of each platform. The unorthodox
structure of the room represented the relationships among the group.

Kazuhiko hugged his sword and sat on his chair, surveying the room. This was
the Conference of the Ten. This was the meeting that decided the policies of
Minami, the meeting of the core group of Plant hwyaden.
The attendees of the Conference of the Ten were known as the ten seats or seat
generals.
There were only two absentees. The guild master of Plant hwyaden Nureha and
Indicus who went to get her.
Indicus should be showing up soon. But it was hard to say whether Nureha
would show up. She was whimsical and seemed uninterested in the operations
of the guild, missing most meetings of such nature. For a mammoth organization
like Plant hwyaden, the decision of the founder and leader Nureha was
unnecessary for everyday operations. The members had grown used to the
absence of Nureha.
This was a periodical Conference of the Ten. Kazuhiko was not aware of any
special issues to be discussed.
But that didn't mean he could let his guard down.
The relationships between the seat generals were complicated. It was unique as
Plant hwyaden was formed by absorbing all the Adventurers in the west of
Yamato. It was fundamentally different from a guild formed by friends or people
with similar interest in MMOs such as Elder Tales. This colossal organisation
made from lots of guilds had the goal of helping the Adventurers survive in this
alternate world. It had been with this goal in mind from the very beginning.
Although there were individuals that called for equality similar to normal guilds,
the fact remained that they were divided into various cliques. People with a
normal level of street smarts were able to understand this.

And there was more.
To found such a gigantic guild, Nureha had pulled the Guards from the south to
her side from the very beginning. The Guards from the south were under the
jurisdiction of the Itsuki clan. It was an order that worked for the People of the
Land from the very start.
As the guild master, Nureha obtained the status and power that matched her
position, the 'Councillor of the West'.
The senate that ruled alongside the Itsuki clan had also displayed great interest
in the rise of Nureha and wanted to get on her good side.
Minami was built on the delicate balance between the cliques among the
Adventurers, the Itsuki clan, and the senate of the People of the Land.
Kazuhiko represented one of these factions.
The security organisation 'Wolves of Mibu' kept Minami safe, keeping bribery
and fraud at bay.
But in actual fact, it was Kazuhiko's private army.
'Wolves of Mibu' was set up by Kazuhiko and his allies, determined to stop the
corruption in the south. Their influence was limited in Minami, but they managed
to obtain a seat within the Conference of the Ten as an official department within
the guild.
Behind Kazuhiko were two bodyguards dressed in black. Few seat generals
attended meetings with guards.
Bringing guards was meaningless for this conference. It was just a superficial
front.

Kazuhiko squinted his eyes and looked towards the seat on the top platform.

The top seat was a delicately crafted throne for a queen that seemed to be from
a fairy tale.
This empty seat belonged to the guild master of Plant hwyaden, Nureha.
One step down was the tea server and silver cart. A round seat that appeared
unused. There was no one there, but it actually belonged to the No. 2 seat of the
council. It was the seat of the maid Indicus.
Both of them were still absent. The meeting would probably begin when Indicus
showed up.
The 3rd platform was spacious, with a chair that looked practical flanked by
large file cabinets. A man with glasses was filling in numbers and instructions on
a form. He had a mean and squeamish feel about him. He raised his head and
blurted out tacky comments from time to time. The 3rd seat known as the spy
tower, Zerudusu.
The man in charge of finance and development, the iron blooded minister.
Further down a woman in military dress relaxed on her seat, with wine bottles
littered on the floor. The fourth seat Mizufa Torude, general of the east. The
strongest general from the senate and the commander in chief of the People of
the Land army vanguard.
"Another idle day without any scent of blood. I am rotting here. I have so much
time, I won't mind waiting for the moon to set if I get to battle."
She maintained her beauty even after the age of thirty. Instead of the rigidness
of a military woman, she had the swagger of a cold criminal. Sitting in the middle
of a 2 person couch, she rested her arms over the back of the couch in a
relaxed manner.
"Didn't you come here for the high grade wine, Lander?"
An Adventurer of immense proportions teased while seated in his leather chair.
The fifth seat. The general of the south, Nakarunado. His armor that was

comparable to construction machines showed everyone clearly that he was a
Guardian.
Mizufa did not take any offence at his words, replying "That's right" without much
thought.
"That's smooth." Nakarunado replied with a bitter face and raised the empty
glass in his hand. A maid with a presence as faint as dirt on the wall appeared
like a spirit and poured wine into the glass.
These two generals were in charge of offensive warfare.
They led the People of the Land army and the Adventurer army respectively.
Mizufa was ranked higher among the ten seats because the Adventurers in the
council wanted to appease the elders in the senate. In terms of actual military
might, Nakarunado's army was actually several times more powerful than
Mizufa's army. In the old world, Nakarunado was the guild master of the
strongest guild in Kansai, 'Howling'. His dominance in the past still had influence
among the factions in Plant hwyaden.
"Getting sleepy here. Really, why are we having the conference at night."
The 6th seat 'Prophet Quon' complained as he stretched his back.
"You are always sleepy, even in the day."
Zerudusu commented without lifting his head from his books. At first glance, he
looked like a normal guy in shirt and jeans you could find in any corner on the
streets. The only fantasy-themed clothing is the cloak on his shoulder to ward off
the cold.
"I am just standing by for the 'GM call'."
The other participants laughed bitterly upon hearing this.

The young man Quon had neither the ability nor interest in becoming one of the
seat generals. But when Elder Tales was just a game, he was a game master.
Game masters had game avatars similar to Adventurers, and would investigate
any reported game errors and mediate any disputes between players, the
operating staff in the game world. In simpler terms, they were customer service
officers.
As an employed staff of F.O.E, he was well versed in how the game operated
and was knowledgeable in many aspects of the game. He did not log in from the
special mainframe from the company, but was online from his home computer;
that's why he was affected by the Catastrophe as well. Although most of his
abilities as a game master had been sealed, there was still a chance that he
could contribute with his deep understanding of the game. That was the reason
why he was one of the seat generals.
'GM call' was one of the game master abilities Quon retained, allowing him to
receive pop up notifications of events happening within the Yamato server. He
was also able to receive messages from F.O.E as well, but he had not been
contacted since the Catastrophe. The event notification had been limited to
timed and triggered events.

"Are you telling us that the connection with the upper world is fading?"
One step below Kazuhiko, the old man in the eighth seat said with stifled
laughter.
"Shut up. The continued supervision of system messages was decided by the
conference right?"
The old man laughed as he watched Quon's bashful attitude. There was a hint
of cloudy cruelty behind his laughing eyes. The 8th seat, the Sage of Mirror
Lake, Jerad Gan. The leading authority on People of the Land magic and
history. With his knowledge and magic powers, he pushed the frontier of
development of new techniques together with Zerude.
"Our princess... will probably be absent tonight too."

The ninth seat Roreiru Dawn, the chief Sentinal, mumbled to himself when the
talented beauty dressed in a maid outfit, Indicus, entered the hall. Her footsteps
akin to striking the floor resonated like a bell announcing the beginning of the
show.

"Let's start the Conference of the Ten. Let's begin with the report on the social
welfare facility in the city."
Indicus forewent the opening address and started the conference abruptly. And
this topic had been on the top of the agenda recently. Kazuhiko held his breath
like a submarine, keeping his heart cool and collected.
Minami was a peaceful and prosperous city.
But this was built on the exploitation of the People of the Land. There were
10,000 Adventurers living in Minami; the number of People of the Land was 3
times this number. Although the People of the Land operated many eateries and
lodging rentals, most of them did this as serfs.
Serfs were People of the Land who provided services for the Adventurers. It was
popular as it relieved Adventurers from the hassle of everyday life chores while
providing the People of the Land with relatively high remuneration. But this in
turn led to the development of troublesome issues. The prosperity of Minami
was constructed with the cover-up of this filth and corruption in mind.
The conference carried on as Kazuhiko's mind drifted away.
The biggest policy the governing body of Minami was pushing for was the
administration of Guildpass.
The People of the Land residing in Minami and affiliated with Plant hwyaden
could collect their pass at the state-run office. The Guildpass was divided into
many ranks, allowing the holder to enjoy free services at corresponding
restaurants and hotels befitting their status. This would eliminate the need for
members to bring a wallet when going out. The Guildpass was issued free of
charge and could be renewed every 3 months, which would contribute to the
economical development of Minami in the future.

Kazuhiko renewed his resolve as he listened to the glamorous report.
Things were definitely going to get ugly.
He understood the benefits of Guildpass. It would guarantee the minimum
quality of life for Adventurers who were avoiding fighting monsters for loot. It
would also enable more meaningful policies for Plant hwyaden, such as
purchasing management. But this came at the expense of the People of the
Land. Wolves of Mibu existed to uphold justice in the city. This meant protecting
the weak. In order to lessen the suffering of the People of the Land who were
being ignored by the Adventurers, Kazuhiko's group fought on.

The conference breezed through the survey report of Nakasu and the red zone's
raiding grounds, and moved on to the situation in Akiba.
"Seems like Akiba is sending a campaign army towards the northeast."
"That appears to be so."
Nakarunado replied to Indicus' query.
"It consists of 5 legions led by the 'Berserker' Krusty. Agent One reports that
members from Black Swords, Hiryuji and Mad Hatters are also taking part."
Both Akiba and Minami were troubled by the affairs with the People of the Land
in different ways.
Just like Minami worked together with the leaders of clan Itsuki, Akiba was
collaborating with the People of the Land in the League of Freedom Towns. The
seat generals felt the deciding factor was the speed difference in political
change between Akiba and Minami.
Minami was able to secure a stable social environment, better quality of life and
development of technology before Akiba, and had outstanding achievements in
every facet of life. For the Adventurers trapped in this alternate world, Minami
provided a stable livelihood that was highly valued by the players. That was the

happiness of Adventurers living in Minami.
"Black Heart Glasses is missing too."
The tenth seat pulled up his sleep mask and chipped in.
The 'Transforming Jester' was lounging on his beach chair made from canvas
and a wooden frame. His brief words seemed to suck the life out of the
conference, quieting everyone down.
"Black Heart Glasses is missing too," the tenth seat repeated as the room
remained strangely silent. "I am not sure if he is with the campaign to the
northeast, but he is definitely covering his tracks."
His smile appeared more ferocious than delirious. Wearing a cloak with tattered
edges, the skinny Summoner was a member of the Debauchery Tea party, KR.
KR smiled mischievously as he looked up at the others from the lowest platform.
"What should we do, Indicus? The noise refusing to stick to your plans is
running off again."

Part 3

Naotsugu closed the heavy wooden door and dusted off the snow on his body.
For Naotsugu, the snow storm brewing outside was just a gentle breeze with
snowflakes. It should be early noon right now, but the thick clouds made the
surroundings dark and cold.
Thanks to his anti-freeze equipment, Naotsugu was able to move in the snow,
but it still hindered his movements. As a Guardian, Naotsugu was covered in full
armor from head to toe, not equipment fit for traveling in the snow. Naotsugu
was able to maneuver in such adverse weather because of his body as an
Adventurer.
"Naotsugu...?"
"I'm back..."
Naotsugu replied to Shiroe's voice which came from the depths of the cabin.
Naotsugu unfastened and removed his gauntlets. These gloves were a state-ofthe-art production-class item that didn't exist when Elder Tales was just a game.
This hand-made armor was more versatile than loot the level 90 Naotsugu was
able to obtain in raids. As they were made by hand after the Catastrophe, he
was unable to take them off with the use of the game menu.
Instead of a gauntlet, it felt closer to being a weapon in terms of weight.
Naotsugu took off and stored his equipment in his magic bag one by one. Under
his imposing armor were indoor clothes and 3/4 pants. He was as casual now as
he was back in the old world.
On this snowy mountain, the builders of this cabin were very practical with their
design. The house was made from 2 layers of thick walls, with hay stuffed
between them.

Reinforced by the thick curtains, the cabin maintained a comfortable
temperature.
After taking off his thick boots, Naotsugu stuck his toes inside his indoor shoes.
With his habits of taking his socks off when he returned home, others tended to
tease him for acting like an old man. But he kept this habit since he was a kid,
so he disliked it when others pointed this out.
"How was it?"
"All is well. The wind is blowing and the snow is falling."
"I don't think the snow will stop even if you cry."
"Crying is for shrimps."
"Don't talk about others behind their backs."
In Japanese terms, this room was about 10 tatami mats big.
The fireplace was burning brightly. Shiroe was sitting on a thick rug, surrounded
by dozens of notes and maps. Naotsugu recognized some of them. The map of
the region they were in... Notes and legends were written in red words,
summarizing Naotsugu's observations from the past week.
Although it was warm and comfortable in the cabin, they had been away from
their friends in Akiba for about a week. Naotsugu looked around moodily.
"Where is the tiny old man?"
"He is not an old man yet. I think he is around 30 years old?"
"But he looks just like one when he laughs."
Shiroe was not wearing his trademark white cloak today. He carefully tidied his
logs without looking up at Naotsugu.

"Need help?"
"Thanks, but no need. I will be done really soon."
"That so, alright."
He must be focusing.
In order to not disturb Shiroe, Naotsugu took a seat on the fur rug.
"..."
"..."
Shiroe took out a notebook and placed it beside his logs to write something
down. There were no typewriters or computers in this world. Although Shiroe
seemed to have a hard time consolidating his reports, Naotsugu would definitely
be rejected if he offered to help. Shiroe had always been that stubborn.
He's been this way since the day they met. Naotsugu started to reminiscence.
In the Debauchery Tea Party days, the topic of hanging out together for a meal
came up. Since this was a server-based game, the members must be residing
somewhere in Japan. It was unlikely for everyone to join in, but there were still 5
members living in Kantou.
Shiroe was drinking black tea the first time they met.
Is that Oolong tea? Naotsugu asked, and then received an explanation of the
difference between oolong and black tea from Shiroe. It took 30 minutes, and
somehow led to the topic of the political situation in Taiwan and tea investment
in general. Back then, the big news was the European Union going through the
'Vital Fall', so normal college students wouldn't know about the subject of Taiwan
politics and the economy of tea.
This offline meeting was the start of Naotsugu and Shiroe's friendship.

Both of them were in university and lived about an hour's bicycle ride away from
each other. Having friends not from your school was also a precious
relationship. He would bring Shiroe, who preferred to stay indoors, to hang out
from time to time.
There were times when they had been blindsided by the willfulness of Kanami.
Go to the fish paste factory in Odawara. They were on the verge of losing it
when Kanami said that. But it was a fun trip when they went over, and more
importantly, the fish paste was delicious. Naotsugu thought that Kanami's
character and penchant for tasty food was top notch.
And so, Naotsugu and Shiroe spent a lot of time together.
Having gotten used to the silent Shiroe, Naotsugu stretched out his legs and
relaxed. He did this from time to time when he was in school and was still doing
this at their guild house.
The heat from the fireplace radiated to his toes which had been buried in the
snow. The numbness melted away as he regained the warmth in his body.
Naotsugu twisted his body and took out a metallic flask and cups from his magic
bag deftly.
He poured Mog milk into the cup. Crushing the Mog fruit and adding it to milk
gave it a taste similar to banana milk on earth.
Naotsugu grunted as he passed one of the cups to Shiroe, who took it and
mumbled "Kay". They drank the Mog milk that was slightly too sweet. That's
what friends were for. There were quiet times, and there were times when they
talked passionately about stuff.
"Shiro and the old man's snowy mountain prison party."
Naotsugu was muttering nonsense not because he was malicious, but because
he was bored.

"Do you miss the crowd, Naotsugu?"
"Yeah. There is nothing around here."
"It feels really rural."
Naotsugu was amazed by Shiroe's reply.
The cabin was a restricted zone, with the snowy mountain zone just outside
being a square field zone 64km wide. There was only one Adventurer in this field
zone. He checked before entering the cabin with his Border Patrol ability, so that
was definitely it. This was not a rural area, it was the wilderness. Tear Stone was
like a deserted island in the Yamato server.
"Speaking of which, where were you born, Shiro?"
"Tokyo."
Naotsugu sighed when he heard this curt reply. Tokyo people were really
troublesome. They couldn't even differentiate between a rural area and the
wilderness.
The speechless Naotsugu used his arms as a pillow and lay down.
About ten days ago, he received a request from Shiroe to watch over their
home. He planned to leave Akiba for a trip, that's why he was asking Log
Horizon for assistance. Naotsugu rejected him in a second and ended up here.
He didn't ask where they were going or what they were going to do. But he knew
there was going to be trouble so he tagged along. The others might think Shiroe
could make the trip alone, but Naotsugu knew Shiroe would need backup. He
could tell just by looking at Shiroe's face.
If everyone understood that it was necessary, Shiroe would open up and call for
help from the others. If it were necessary for everyone to join in, he would not
hesitate to ask the rest to join in. Because it was hard to explain why he had to
do this himself.

Naotsugu thought Shiroe had grown since the Crescent Burger incident, but it
seemed that it was not that simple for someone to do things contrary to their
nature.
Naotsugu thought that Shiroe was too stubborn, but he felt that this was his
nature.
This was a weakness of Shiroe although he had many good points to balance
this out. But the problem was that Shiroe held back too much. With his
intelligence, he should push his dumb friends harder to stride forward. As
Shiroe's old friend, Naotsugu thought he qualified.
When Shiroe strode forward willfully, he was usually able to achieve a bright
future.
If Shiroe intended to watch such sceneries, Naotsugu did not want to give up his
front row seat.
"I think it is about time to explain why I have to be imprisoned in a cabin on this
snowy mountain."
"You are not trapped. We are just living in this secluded place."
"Shiro, that is why you have no luck with girls."
"I mean it is peaceful here."
With Shiroe's nature, he was actually half-serious in his reply, what a pain.
"... I'm holed up here because I don't want anyone to know my whereabouts.
There are no problems yet, but considering future events, I don't want others to
preempt my plans."
Shiroe ended the jokes and explained slowly.
"Anyway, the goal this round is money. I'm looking for a way to generate lots of

money. In order to do this, I have to convince someone."
"That old man?"
Naotsugu recalled their companion. The small sized People of the Land elf
sage, just staying next door. Literally.
"Ah, that is someone else. ReGan-san is a chess piece for the battle this time.
He is part of the persuading party, I can't do this alone. He is famous here after
all."
"I can't tell from his looks."
"Does the Sage of Mirror Lake ring a bell?"
Naotsugu understood now. Shiroe was talking about that guy.
The Sage of Mirror Lake was a well-known NPC in the MMORPG Elder Tales.
But even so, Naotsugu had never seen him appear in the game before. He was
a sage that was referenced often in the rumors and legends of the game. In the
raid '9 Prisons of Heroes' he took part in during the Debauchery Tea Party days,
he was mentioned in the background lore.
"So that guy really exists."
"Yes he does."
"But why are we in the deep mountains to think about money-making plans?
Why not borrow some from the Round Table Council if we need cash?"
"Well," Shiroe crossed his legs and sighed with a troubled look. "The amount is
rather big this time."
Naotsugu started to feel a headache.
The 'rather big' Shiroe was saying could not be trusted. The 'rather big' he

mentioned last time when he schemed to buy the guild building could make
anyone's face pale.
"Exactly how much?"
"The total is 80 trillion."
Deranged, you couldn't describe this amount in any other way.
Even if every Adventurer in Yamato server had 10,000 gold, you couldn't reach
that amount by pooling everyone's money. Not just the Yamato server, it couldn't
be done if you added in the wealth of every Adventurer in the world, an
impractical amount. Naotsugu looked at Shiroe slack-jawed. Shiroe furrowed his
brows and mumbled to himself.
Naotsugu understood when he looked at the mumbling Shiroe. Shiroe wasn't
joking or having any other intentions in mind. He was seriously contemplating
how to earn this amount.
"So, can we earn it?"
"Not all of it, we will need to divide it lots of times... bit by bit."
It was still an astronomical figure no matter how small a bit he divided it, Shiroe
smiled bitterly.
"This will be tough. Tell me more about the scheme you are thinking about."
"There are no schemes. We will simply have to beg for it. We have to convince
him no matter what."
"Convince who? How?"
As the two of them sipped Mog milk and conversed, the door to the room beside
them opened and a robed man appeared.

"Shiroe-san. Seems like our guest has arrived."
A People of the Land mage with shifty eyes tapped Naotsugu's shoulder
enthusiastically as he giggled. ReGan had ill manners even for a People of the
Land, which annoyed Naotsugu. ReGan continued nonchalantly.
"Please let Naotsugu-san join us. Even though we are still have a long way to
go, the negotiation Shiroe-san is hoping for is about to begin. This is really
amazing. In a way, negotiation is war-level, no, national-level magic."
What do you mean by national-level? Naotsugu's query was interrupted.
Because the door to the cabin had been knocked on.
Just 20 minutes ago, there shouldn't have been any Adventurers within a 10km
radius of this area. So was this a People of the Land? But could a Person of the
Land make their way to the snowy Tear Stone?
Under the watchful eyes of Shiroe and ReGan, Naotsugu drew his sword from
his magic bag and approached the door cautiously.

Part 4

"Shiro-, your guest is here."
Shiroe stuffed the maps and documents into his magic bag before Naotsugu
brought in the guest.
He was already expecting the guest and had prepared tea and cups near the
fireplace.
(So it turned out this way...) Naotsugu looked baffled when he returned.
Although the guest was contrary to Shiroe's prediction, it was still one of the
possible candidates.
"Please take a seat."
It was rude to ignore Naotsugu, but Shiroe kept his priorities, ushering the guest
to the solid wooden chair.
"It's been a bit of a challenge to hike up this snowy mountain."
That's what he said, although there were no signs of snow sticking to his shirt.
The young man with purple eye pupils, Kinjo of the Kunie clan.
"Have you been doing well?"
"Things are going smoothly."
Shiroe smiled at Kinjo's reply. He sighed in his heart, knowing that this was
going to be tough.
Shiroe had been waiting in this desolate cabin to meet the representative of the
Kunie to negotiate. There were several reasons he chose this out of place
mountain, one of them being that it was close to the base of operation for the

Kunie.
(... So it is this man.)
Shiroe felt that this was going to be difficult.
He knew that dealing with the Kunie clan would be hard.
Shiroe came to know about this mysterious clan when he was doing his bank
transactions. The banking service was one of the functions that existed in Elder
Tales that provided convenient service for the Adventurers. It provided storage
facilities for the safekeeping of cash and items. There was no need to go to a
specific bank for withdrawal, you could make your withdrawal at any banking
outlet in Yamato.
This teleportation technology that differed from the spell Call of Home or the
inter-city transport gate was not solely used for banking transactions for the
banks.
It was also implemented for personal mail and small package delivery service. It
was also used in the bazaar that was open to public. The security system that
was installed on most streets also belonged to the Kunie.
The players of Elder Tales, or rather the players after the Catastrophe, took
these services for granted and treated them as public utilities. When the Round
Table Council was formed, Shiroe said that "Adventurers need the People of the
Land to survive". He was already aware of the existence of such a clan.
But he didn't know back then that the services were provided by the mysterious
Kunie clan.
After the formation of the Round Table Council, the council led by Shiroe made
contact with the Kunie clan. This was accomplished easily. Shiroe met Kinjo,
who was in charge of the Kunie clan in the Akiba region, at that point. But there
had been no progress after that.
He found out that the Kunie clan provided all sorts of services in the Yamato

region. And they were all crucial facilities that Adventurers could not do without.
Shiroe had also met their representative for Akiba, Kinjo. But that was all.
Although he did not bluntly ignore Shiroe or display hostility, Kinjo managed to
keep all of Shiroe's advances at bay with his steady smile and words.
And the fact was not far from what Shiroe imagined. Adventurers could not live
on without the People of the Land, but the People of the Land would be able to
scrape by without the Adventurers. They might not be able to prosper on this
earth with savage monsters roaming the land, but they could survive with the
use of no-combat zones and magic technology. And the clan that had the power
to do so was the Kunie clan.
For the Kunie clan, Adventurers were unnecessary. This had limited almost all
the cards Shiroe could play.
But Shiroe had strove on and collected intelligence to build up his cards. But his
opponent was Kinjo, the young man with an experienced profile. Kinjo had
probably sensed what Shiroe was plotting and sealed off all information related
to the Kunie. The strength of this clan, the knowledge they held, their base of
operation, ideals, goals... He was unable to gather further intelligence from
Kinjo.
Almost all the intelligence Shiroe had of the Kunie clan was provided by ReGan.
"This is ReGan-san, the sage. You must have heard about him."
"Of course. First time we met. I am Kinjo, I manage the counter for the Kunie."
"Nice to meet you. This is the first time I meet with the Kunie clan."
ReGan waved his hands cheerfully in response.
Kinjo was also all smiles.
"It is a rare day indeed. Representing the Adventurers is 'The Archmage of the
Tea Party', Shiroe-sama of Log Horizon. I even get to meet Master ReGan, the

Sage of Mirror Lake. It is a great honor to be invited to such a historically
meaningful conference. Very few in the history of the Kunie were able to receive
such honor. My ancestors would never have expected such a day to come."
Shiroe was troubled by Kinjo's reply.
This young man named Kinjo bore no hostility towards Shiroe or the
Adventurers. He was not taciturn either and definitely understood the things they
were saying. He was simply not disclosing information and was keeping it under
wraps with his silver tongue.
Shiroe sighed at the thought of the coming negotiation. He had hoped to speak
with the representative of the Kunie. He had conveyed his request personally
through the Akiba branch leader of the Kunie, who was Kinjo. He didn't expect
him to be the one to travel all this way to this desolate cabin.
But Shiroe sensed that this could open up other possibilities. But just as Shiroe
was about to test it out, ReGan had started to converse enthusiastically with
Kinjo.
"You have made this conference more honorable with your presence. Kunie... a
mysterious clan supporting the all the counties in Yamato from behind the
scenes, inheriting powerful ancient magic technology. And Kinjo-sama is the
head of this clan. I am brimming with anticipation."
"Anticipation?"
"That's right, Shiroe-san here is an existence akin to a Jack in the Box."
"Fufu, that is amazing."
(Just stop the show already.)
Shiroe injected his emotions into his glare at ReGan, who continued to smile
with curiosity. He was not oblivious. This humorous People of the Land sage did
not plan to help Shiroe anyway.

"So..."
"Fufufu."
Shiroe glared at ReGan who was smiling and started the negotiation.
"The things I hope to discuss with Kinjo-san are as stated in the letter."
"You want to talk about financing, specifically loans, correct?"
It was that simple.
He just wanted money from Kinjo.
"Since we are going straight to the point, this will save a lot of trouble."
"Correct, we will save a lot of trouble."
"Thank you for accommodating me."
Shiroe was hoping to hold the negotiation in Akiba. The core members of the
Round Table Council were on a campaign to raid the Citadel of Seven Falls right
now, leaving Akiba vulnerable to attacks. He sensed that something was going
to happen. Even though Soujirou was around to hold the fort, Shiroe was still
reluctant to leave Akiba.
He was holding the conference here because of the way Kinjo was stonewalling
him, although Kinjo did not outright reject him. He was simply kept at bay with
meaningless talks, the topics being kicked around like a ball. In terms of
negotiation experience, Shiroe with his graduate student qualifications had no
chance against this professional old timer.
But Kinjo was diving straight into the point this round, surprising Shiroe and
earning his gratitude.
"No, please don't mind me. Saving the trouble is also important. For the Kunie,

this is a matter of grave importance."
"Ha..."
"Since you are here, that means you have some level of understanding about
the Kunie."
"That's right. I heard about from ReGan-san."
"Ah. I am impressed that this is in the records of Mirror Lake."
"It is only polite to keep notes."
Shiroe replied with a bitter face.
This was not being polite.
According to ReGan's research of his ancient texts, the knowledge that the
Kunie clan was based in this zone had become a card for Shiroe to negotiate
with. 'I know where your home base is', a move that was threatening by nature.
Shiroe knew this bordered on being malicious. He did not forbid or hesitate in
doing this, but Shiroe definitely didn't decide to do this gleefully.
He was frustrated when forming the Round Table Council.
He was on the verge of lecturing the major guilds who were ignoring these
obvious issues. He was so frustrated that he didn't even care about using
intimidation to get his way.
But the Kunie clan did not give up the duty they inherited since ancient times. At
least they didn't plan to.
"Although I really hope to provide assistance to Shiroe-sama of the Round Table
Council, please allow me to reject."
"Why?"

"Because this goes against our obligations to our ancestors."
Shiroe sighed.
Shiroe knew from the beginning that this was going to be hard. That's why he
invited ReGan and did all sorts of investigation to prepare for this. Their findings
indicated that there were no records of the Kunie banking service providing
loans, investing, or financing any business. They simply provided cash deposit
and withdrawal facilities.
Shiroe recalled the previous meeting he had with Kinjo. Equity ratio, credit, trust
fund... terms that were common sense for earthlings like Shiroe were foreign
concepts for Kinjo. If Shiroe explained them, Kinjo would be able to understand
what these phrases meant, but that was it.
The entity known as banks in Akiba were not the same thing as banks on earth.
This was the conclusion Shiroe and the others had drawn. It was closer to a
storage facility, not a financial organization.
That was baffling.
The fact that real banks didn't exist in this world could be rationalized. But the
inability to obtain loans was too unnatural. Shiroe was not a professional so he
was not too sure, but the act of borrowing money should have a long history. On
further thought, Shiroe remembered that the Romans loaned money. Rome
existed in the BC era. For this world that seemed to be in the middle ages, the
progress of civilization seemed too slow if the concept of loans did not exist.
Shiroe couldn't get a straight answer from ReGan when he explained all of this
to him. Going by the account of the People of the Land Elissa, it was very rare to
see the act of borrowing money between the nobles and the peasants. She had
not seen such acts of loans between peasants either.
That's why the merchants did not hold much authority in this world. Basically all
trades were done between the aristocrats; the merchants just executed the
trade and delivered the goods. People of the Land that were half noble and half
merchant existed.

Also, the credibility of the currency did not lie with the nobles and royalty.
The aristocrats, who were the rulers, did not create the currency for market use.
The currency was all 'discovered' when they defeated monsters. The money
supply would increase if they continued defeating monsters. The currency in
circulation in a country on earth was created and made legal tender by the
government, but this concept did not apply here.
The credibility of the currency lay in its universality.
There was only one currency in circulation in this world. Gold, half-gold and
quarter-gold were the units, there was no name for money. This was different
from earth where USD and Euros were in circulation together; there was only
one currency here. There was no need to give it a name. It was simply called
gold, nuggets, or coins. Shiroe thought that the currency was not limited to the
Yamato server, and was applicable worldwide, making it legal tender in the
whole world.
This meant that it had the credibility of 'not turning into junk no matter where you
went'. The credibility had nothing to do with the military might of countries; it was
simply because there were no other forms of currencies. In a sense, it was more
credible then the currencies of earth which might lose their value if the countries
distributing it went bankrupt. Even if the League of Freedom Towns Eastal or the
Holy Empire Westelande crumbled, the gold in Maihama would still retain its
value.
On the other hand, the rare metal the currency was made from held value as
well, but smelting them requires extra effort. But Shiroe was convinced that the
main source of credibility for this currency still lay in its universality.
There were issues with the Kunie's bank as well. Although they were no different
than a safe-box, its security was top notch. The money you deposited was
guaranteed to be safe. Most of the bank was situated in its own unique zone,
and guards were a common sight. The bank also had unknown ID authentication
technology. It was entirely possible to deposit cash in one bank and withdraw
from another branch immediately. It also included the sale of zones and the
collection of upkeep cost. All these convenient services were available by
adopting gold as your currency of choice.

This system was too convenient and self autonomous to not take advantage of.
But there were other reasons why the governors did not create their own forms
of currency.

"We can get gold when we defeat monsters right, Kinjo-san?"
"Yes, you are right."
Shiroe dove straight to the point.
"We can obtain hundreds of gold by looting chests in the dungeons."
"Fortune favors the brave Adventurer."
"Since the Kunie do not provide loans, what if we find the person distributing all
this gold and take it before it is given out. What do you think about this method?"

Part 5

ReGan was excited.
He had befriended Shiroe of Log Horizon in the Palace of Eternal Ice, and was
here on his invitation. Shiroe was like the arrival of a hurricane, bringing the
house down.
ReGan held high regards for the young man with eyes that seemed to gaze both
into the past and into the future. Just like the time when ReGan heated the
library as he explained the findings he devoted his whole life to, World Fraction.
This young man managed to grasp all of this in one night, a rare talented
Archmage.
ReGan watched Shiroe's profile so intensely he seemed to have forgotten how
to breathe.
Shiroe, the young man who introduced himself to be from Log Horizon, was an
Adventurer who made his living through the use of magic. Adventurers were
strong. They were entities that could overwhelm People of the Land. Be it
warriors, scouts, healing magic, or mages, Adventurers were geniuses at
whatever they did.
All Adventurers were elites, but there were only a select few who were worthy of
the title of Archmage. Although Adventurers were powerful, their abilities were
often too specialized for use in aspects other than battle. For the knowledgeable
mages who explored the mysteries of the world, magic used for fighting was
nothing more than parlor tricks.
Shiroe was one of the few Adventurers who deserved the title of Archmage.

ReGan thought that there were four paths to sage-hood in this world.
All these routes were independent and did not intercept.

In this feudal era, technology and knowledge were secrets not to be divulged.
The knowledge was then passed down as secrets which were not made known
publicly by those who inherited it.
The knowledge of this world was retained in this manner, and there were four
ways to reach the pinnacle of knowledge.
First of these would be the path of research as a People of the Land, which
ReGan belonged to.
The options to study openly were available through the academy of Tsukuba, to
research in the shadows would be the way of the Mirror Lake. As a Sage of
Mirror Lake, he kept watch over the 'Forgotten Lake of Books', also known as
the Mirror Lake. They were students who challenged the known perception of
the world.
The second way was the Adventurers. As the Sage of Mirror Lake, ReGan
thought the magic and knowledge of Adventurers were totally different from
People of the Land. Their magic was powerful, but was essentially similar to
People of the Land. But even so, their knowledge seemed to have a source that
was out of this world.
Did the Adventurers seal a part of their soul in an alternate world? ReGan
believed that there were signs that showed this. And this alternate world might
be linked with the golden era. After the Catastrophe, the Adventurers came up
with all sorts of miraculous discoveries and inventions. It was already common
knowledge to the mages of Tsukuba and ReGan that these discoveries were
linked to the super technology of the golden era.
The third method was to use the powers of the Ancients. The ones who could
easily attain powers beyond the limits of the People of the Land were the
Adventurers and the Ancients. Just like Adventurers, the Ancients were heroes
that were beyond the understanding of the People of the Land. Those who were
on the level of the People of the Land were humans, elves, dwarves, half-alvs,
werecats, wolf-fangs, fox-tails, and race of ceremony.
The Ancients also inherited secrets from days of old, a close society that
protected the world as bands of knights.

The last way available would be the path of the Kunie clan.
They were shrouded in too many mysteries, so the contents of ReGan's
knowledge about them were all speculations. Although they were People of the
Land, they were not academics like Tsukuba Academy or Mirror Lake. Inheriting
the technology passed to them for countless eons, their influence went beyond
Yamato and affected continents beyond the ocean.
They had similarities with Mirror Lake which collected and studied the
knowledge of the past, but the Kunie did not make this knowledge available to
others. The key difference from the researchers of Tsukuba and Mirror Lake was
their lock down of information. They did not actively engage People of the Land
or conduct research. They had no curiosity, a clan that shied away from contact.
Mirror Lake which focused on all types of knowledge had attempted to contact
the Kunie clan dozens of times. But there had been zero records of success in
terms of information exchange.
A member of the Kunie, Log Horizon's Shiroe, and ReGan being seated at the
same table was a cause of excitement for ReGan.

Shiroe's words had shocked the Kunie's leader.
Kinjo let out a deep breath, wearing his emotionless mask once again in silence.
He stayed that way for a long time.
"Shiroe-sama, did you really think this was possible?"
After hearing the long awaited reply from Kinjo, Shiroe gave a small nod after
stealing a glance at ReGan.
It's about time for me to step in, ReGan thought as he calmed himself and
spoke.
"Shiroe-sama has brought up a point that has never been mentioned before. But

speaking of which, this is one of the unexplained mysteries of this world. This is
a viewpoint that will complement the Spirit Theory. The monsters are ever
spawning. But where do their gold and loot come from? There must be some
system in place that grants the monsters with these treasures. This is a new
perspective that does not exist in the library of books in Mirror Lake. I am sure, I
have browsed through all of them."
ReGan pushed the circlet with purple crystals on his head out of habit. This
magic item gave ReGan a great sense of insight and memory retention. But it
was still a metallic headgear, and ReGan still couldn't get used to this circlet that
had been passed down through the generations no matter how long he wore it.
But it would not be possible to complete the investigation this round without the
aid of the magic circlet. Even with the circlet, they wouldn't be able to make any
headway without the records left by ReGan's predecessor.

"The base of the Kunie and the gold that Shiroe-sama mentioned were found in
the records."
"..."
Kinjo kept up his emotionless mask.
ReGan was simply probing. That had always been the case. The men of Mirror
Lake collated knowledge. New questions arose from the result of the collated
knowledge. More information was needed to answer these queries. Working
hard to answer these new questions, repeating this endless cycle.
"The logs state that there is a whirlpool of gold at the lowest level of the Depths
of Palm. Gold appears out of nowhere and disappears to nothingness, a winding
river of gold and the graves of vanquished monsters. The Dead Spirit King
raised an army of undead in order to seize the gold for himself. Records of this
incident are still available. One of the defenders was the Sage of Mirror Lake 15
generations ago who sealed the passage in the Depths of Palm."
This was a common request for the Sage of Mirror Lake.

The Sage of Mirror Lake stood to gain all sorts of knowledge and magical items
by taking on such jobs. They usually had to handle cursed items and equipment
that were extremely dangerous if used in the wrong way. The owners of such
relics, mostly nobles, brought them to Mirror Lake for sealing.
The reputation of the Mirror Lake grew because they were able to fulfill such
requests, and they were happy to take on the task in order to collate more
knowledge. Even if they were unable to learn anything new, getting their hands
on such items meant that they had more experimental materials. Mirror Lake
had a vested interest in learning sealing skills. Their techniques applied to both
items as well as zones.
"I received the 'Key of Eternal Darkness' during my adventuring of the 9 Prisons
of Heroes. This was something made by Mirror Lake."
ReGan handed the floor back to Shiroe when he heard Shiroe speak.
"According to the key, we obtained the rights to challenge the 9 Prisons of
Heroes. This area was sealed by Mirror Lake's... I'm not sure how long ago, but
it was definitely the Sage's predecessors. And there were also several sealed
danger zones. We have confirmed their location."
ReGan was taken aback by Shiroe's statement.
ReGan' is a scholar, so his combat magic was very weak. Although he wouldn't
lose to the knights of minor lords, it was only at the level of the People of the
Land, he couldn't match the powers of Adventurers.
And so ReGan was escorted to the depths of the dungeon under the protection
of Shiroe and his friend Naotsugu.
The records of Mirror Lake only mentioned that they were requested to seal the
area, but did not explain the details of how it was done and what things they
came across. When they reached the place, they found the giant bronze door
and ReGan knew how to deactivate the seals with the deep sealing knowledge
of Mirror Lake.
Although he did not really understand what Shiroe meant by 'unreleased zones',

ReGan understood from this expedition that there were such sealed off areas all
over the world. Not all of them were sealed by Mirror Lake, and these zones
were areas and facilities with restricted access.

"You intend to borrow the money from the golden whirlpool?"
"That's right."
"You think it is related to the Kunie?"
"Yes."
Kinjo seemed to have recovered his composure as he conversed with Shiroe.
"... So you are going to plunder the gold from that place? You intend to rob us,
man from the Round Table Council?"
Kinjo's said with a cold voice without any trace of doubt.
Everything was clear.
There was a whirlpool of gold in the Depths of Palm. And that place was related
to the Kunie. There was no confirmation on this data, and the Kunie might have
nothing to do with this. ReGan had discussed this possibility with Shiroe, but
made contact with the Kunie on Shiroe's advice anyway.
This had confirmed a query he had.
The Kunie clan had something to do with the Spirit Theory.
There was no hard evidence, but judging from Kinjo's reaction, it couldn't be too
far from the truth. The secrets of the Kunie held the answer to the intricate
workings of this world. ReGan was overjoyed with this revelation. He was on the
verge of literally jumping with joy. The Spirit Theory was the most important
research that ReGan was working on. He felt like giving a toast, even though he

could not drink wine.
But Shiroe's voice was bitter.

"That is why we wish to meet you here. We do not wish to be enemies with the
Kunie. The Kunie are very important. Even if we want to use the money, we can't
make any headway without the assistance of your clan."
"Why are you doing this? No, what do you intend to do with the gold, Shiroedono?"
"If I explain, will there be any chance that you will help us?"
"I am sorry. The ancestors' will is to be followed."
"... Kinjo-san."
ReGan glanced at Shiroe who was biting his lips and seemed to be holding
something back, grasping onto any available possibility.
"Kinjo-san. I understand about the will of your ancestors. Although this is just the
Adventurers' way of thinking, I know this is an iron-clad rule since ancient times.
We are not asking you to break them. We don't intend to ask you to do anything
forbidden. And that is why we need to know the limits of the rules."
"..."
"That's right. The Catastrophe changed the rules. This is a new age. It cannot be
stopped. There must be..."
Kinjo closed his eyes, looking just like an iron bust.
Shiroe's explanation did not seem to reach Kinjo's heart.
ReGan's happiness had faded just like the setting sun. He didn't understand

what was happening before his eyes. ReGan, who had been schooled in magic
since birth, could feel that some matter that he didn't understand was crumbling.
It was probably the thing known as negotiation. But ReGan thought that
something that could not be expressed by the simple term negotiation was
shattering.
3 of the 4 sages in this world were gathered here, but they didn't achieve
anything.
ReGan clenched his fist unconsciously.

Part 6

An icy atmosphere drifted in this room heated by a fireplace.
Naotsugu watched the back of Shiroe as he added wood into the fireplace. The
tables had been shifted aside to make space for their sleeping bags.
This was the cabin in the mountains where their conference with Kinjo had
ended fruitlessly.
(What a lifeless back,) Naotsugu thought.
Shiroe's was always like this.
Shiroe stirred the flame with a stick. They would be sleeping soon, that's why he
was nursing the fire so carefully. But he looked helpless, as if he were being
made to go round and round in circles.
Naotsugu speculated that Shiroe must be thinking about complicated stuff and
unable to rest. From the discussion in the conference earlier, Shiroe appeared to
be at a dead end. This seemed to be tougher than that time when they were
forming the Round Table Council.
"Hey Shiro."
"Yeah?"
"Enough, get some sleep."
"Yeah."
Shiroe shuffled to his sleeping bag and sat with his legs crossed.

Sleeping bags on earth were made from excellent materials, that's why they
tended to be thin and convenient to carry. But such advanced insulation
materials had not been invented yet, so the sleeping bags here were made from
wool. Their insulation capability was much lower and they were uncomfortable to
sleep in because of its thickness. But when combined with carpets made with
long fur, it was comfortable to sit on.
"Shiro, you want to drink some?"
Naotsugu showed Shiroe the warm sake he was pouring into his mug. Shiroe
attempted to block out the smell by blowing air out of his nose and replied, "No
thanks, I'm good."
Naotsugu thought that things would be easier to deal with if he had a drink, but
he did not force the issue.
If it were up to Naotsugu, he would just drink the sake, sprawl out on the floor
and sleep. But this was not Shiroe's style, and Naotsugu knew that he would
pick himself up even if you left him alone. There was no need to intervene in
this.

"So it didn't work..."
"Yeah."
Shiroe answered with a troubled expression.
Naotsugu didn't think this was a loss. He didn't know the details, but it seemed
like Shiroe needed a huge amount of cash. It was not an amount that could be
raised by Adventurers. The means and source of such an amount was very
limited.
From the dialogue session with Kinjo of the Kunie clan, Naotsugu had a good
idea of what the plan was.
Shiroe wanted to exploit the settings of Elder Tales that were in place when it

was just a game.
Adventurers could loot gold from the bodies of the demi-humans they defeated.
They were humanoid in appearance and possessed a basic level of intellect, so
that was nothing special. But gold could be looted from feral creatures such as
wild dogs and large boars as well.

There was no real explanation as to why this was so. Elder Tales was a game; it
was structured to reward players with gold and items when they defeated
monsters, that's why monsters dropped loot. In simple terms, this was expected
of a game.
But a game would not be interesting if the game world mechanics did not make
sense. Background lore was then added in order to make the mechanics logical.
The setting used to explain was 'A powerful ancient relic implants gold into the
spirit of the monsters when they re-spawn'.
A nonsense setting. But since it was a fact that monsters dropped loot, there
must be a reason why. When Shiroe saw the fact lying before him, he decided to
take advantage of it.
Naotsugu thought Shiroe had already succeeded.

"... Well then, let us meet again. In that place where 'gold appears out of
nowhere and disappears to nothingness, a winding river of gold and the
forgotten underground garden'."
"... But you will need many warriors. How would you make your way to the
source at the deepest level? The Kunie's answer will be dependent on the result
of your challenge, Shiroe-sama."
Those were the final words the boss of the Kunie, Kinjo left behind.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.

Shiroe knew there was a huge amount of gold in the depths of an unknown
region. Collecting evidence, visiting sites, undoing the seals and investigating
the feasibility of raiding the place.
And he told the suspected owner of the treasure, the Kunie clan.
Shiroe was already successful theoretically when he achieved these goals. To
be honest, Naotsugu felt that there was no need for Shiroe to contact the Kunie
clan in the first place.
The targeted treasures were in the underground zone and they even had the
means to access it. They just needed to simply go there and bring the gold
home to achieve amazing wealth.
(Hmm... That means there is another reason why Shiro is so depressed.)
When he thought about it, the answer was obvious.
This troublesome friend of his conversed with the Kunie even though there was
no need to do so.
'... There are no schemes. We will simply have to beg for it. We have to
convince him no matter what.'
That's what he said before negotiating with the Kunie.
At that point, Naotsugu thought Shiroe was being humble when declaring 'I don't
have any plans'. But it turned out that he really didn't have anything in mind.
What a clumsy fellow... Naotsugu thought with a smile.
In order to succeed, Shiroe would plan ahead and consider all possibilities. He
seemed to have spent quite a bit of time this time too. Naotsugu took part in the
scouting visit to the deepest part of Palm, but he heard from ReGan that
preparations were made a long while ago. The long nights Shiroe spent studying
and researching in the study room was all for this conference.
Shiroe did so much preparatory work in order to gain all this money. And his

hard work was rewarded with a promise straight from the mouth of the Kunie
clan. Now they just needed to venture into this new zone and grab the money.
But Shiroe had a more ambitious goal in mind.
Shiroe wouldn't make intricate plans if he wanted to make friends with someone.
He could only speak the truth just like an idiot. Shiroe did not want to rob the
place by force, take the Kunie clan by surprise, or lie about it. This meant he
wanted to befriend the Kunie and was feeling down because he failed.
Naotsugu understood this and could only sigh, it couldn't be helped.

"Speaking of which, you were not acting like yourself back there."
"Really?"
"It's like you can't speak your mind. It won't become a festival, a festival that is
not really a festival."
"Is that so."
Naotsugu wanted to trash things out with Shiroe to clear the air, but Shiroe's
answer was vague and half-hearted.
"He's holding back again." Naotsugu sighed.
The negotiation today was definitely going to fail.
The Kunie clan observed a policy of extreme secrecy. And Shiroe withheld the
crucial point of how the funds were going to be used. They didn't discuss or
make any compromise either. Both sides were withholding too much
information.
That's why the negotiations did not make any headway. Having worked in the
corporate world for a year, Naotsugu understood this would not work.

Just like the purchasing he did before, just sell a kg of pepper for 2450 yen. Get
the purchase order from the client and submit it to the supply department. There
was no need for conversations. But suggesting new products and negotiating
long term contracts were another matter. You needed to understand the situation
of the other side. You needed to convey the constraints you faced on your side
as well. You had to consider the issues for both parties and not simply keep
pushing for your own agenda. These were the prerequisites, the rest was
sincerity. In order to move forward, both sides would definitely need to
compromise.
With the secretive manner Shiroe and Kinjo handled the negotiations, the talks
were doomed from the beginning.
Naotsugu didn't know what cards both of them were holding in reserve.
He didn't know what Shiroe intended to do with all that money neither.
Or why Shiroe seemed so troubled.
Shiroe was being too considerate again.

"What are you thinking about Shiro?"
"..."
"This is just the beginning, so spit out everything that is troubling you."
Troubling things, troubling things, Shiroe chanted like an incantation. He lay
down with a moan.
"Hey Naotsugu."
"Yeah."
"Kinjo-san mentioned that we need many warriors right?"

"Ah."
Naotsugu was wondering what was troubling Shiroe and replied without
thinking. The path to get the funds was clear, so the problem was how to get on
the good side of the Kunie. Wasn't that the main issue? Shiroe faced the
confused Naotsugu and continued.
"No matter how you interpret it, he is hinting at a raid battle. No, this is the only
possibility. But this is really troubling."
"Why?"
"We lack the manpower."
"Eh?"
Naotsugu didn't get it. He knew that a fight was inevitable. If you found a
mysterious zone in the depths of a dungeon, there was a high chance there
would be a raid battle. But he was confident they would prevail. Adventurers
were immortal, and Shiroe could tap on the manpower of the Round Table
Council. It might take some time, but they would eventually make it through.
"All the guilds in the Round Table Councils are under surveillance. We are being
led by the nose here, unable to get away from supervision. I don't want Minami
to locate me."
Naotsugu was taken aback.
Not using the resources of the Round Table Council. Not wanting Minami to find
out about this operation. And he was withholding the final objective. What kind of
handicap play was this? Naotsugu's mouth stayed open. There was probably a
time limit too. Since Shiroe didn't want Minami to catch wind of this, they couldn't
stay too long. Naotsugu, who sneaked out of Akiba in secret, understood.
Except for the members of Log Horizon, other people probably thought that
Shiroe was holed up in the guild building hard at work. Since they wanted to
complete the mission before others knew about it, there would be a time limit.

"Shiro you masochist."
Shiroe, who was lying down, replied, "I'm not. I just want to live happily
everyday."
Naotsugu was speechless, but Shiroe was not lying. Naotsugu knew very well.
This was Shiroe's true wish. He had been this way since the Debauchery Tea
Party days. Shiroe had always been striving for the easiest method with highest
chance of success. When the method seemed winding and troublesome, it
meant the problem was twisted and hard.
The complex and winding path turns out to be the shortest way. That's how
Shiroe's plan feels like.
Naotsugu's friend did not compromise on his target.
That was why Shiroe worked so hard and was burdened with so much.
(Although most of these troubles are created by Shiro himself. There are many
people who can assist him with his problems.)
"Well, I guess there is no other way."
Naotsugu's statement contradicted his heart.
Shiroe was a man who would get it done in the end. He was not someone who
would lose sight of his goal. If he were someone who would lose track of his
objective, Naotsugu just needed to bash Shiroe's head in with a brick.
Shiroe seemed troubled right now, but he would accept the reality of the
situation with time. Not just Shiroe, all men were like that. Naotsugu blushed
when he thought about this. He recalled the incident where someone's
stubbornness brought a ton of trouble to others. But Naotsugu thought that it
was necessary.

It was the same for everyone and probably applied to Shiroe, too.
He might be heralded as a strategist and an intellectual, but Shiroe was actually
clumsy by nature. The clumsy Shiroe required time to think things through.
And it would be great if Shiroe let Naotsugu accompany him during this period of
time.
Even if Naotsugu left him alone, Shiroe would work hard in order to accept the
reality of things. That's the kind of man Naotsugu's friend was. He gave
everything he had in the things he did.
"There is no other way. Let's go solicit members for the raid. Don't worry, it will
work out in the end."
When Shiroe mumbled hesitantly, Naotsugu kicked Shiroe optimistically and
added "It will be fine." Everything can be repaired and mended, Naotsugu
thought, but he didn't convey it verbally.
Shiroe will definitely find the sun rising over the horizon.
That was the winning condition for the Tea Party. Naotsugu decided to
appreciate that scenery.
After knowing Shiroe for so long, such a night was not uncommon.

Chapter 2: Palm Again
Part 1

Going above the party limit of 6 Adventurers, a raid group allowed a large group
of Adventurers to work together and challenge difficult quests in dungeons.
When Elder Tales was just a game, challenging end game content was all the
rage, and raiding quests were the most popular among them.
There were different types of raids, categorized by the number of participants.
The largest were called Legion Raids, consisting of 96 Adventurers, but only a
handful of Legion Raid quests existed in all of Yamato.
The most common raid quests on the server were Full Raids, which condensed
the essence of running a raid into a well-rounded package, requiring 4 parties of
6 Adventurers each. Needing 24 Adventurers, conquering such raids was the
path to fame within the server. When Elder Tales was still a game, there were
weekly announcements detailing the achievements and expectations of the
major guilds in raids, a well-received news in the game.
The Debauchery Tea Party which Shiroe took part in was an active group that
aimed to complete Full Raids. If you included the reserves, Legion Raids
required over a hundred people to challenge, so even the famous guilds seldom
took part in them. That's why Full Raids were the most popular and perfect
challenge in the server.
There might be some misunderstandings, but Full Raids did not require powerful
equipment.
If you were a rookie in raids and they required powerful equipment obtained
through raids to complete them, then no one would be able to complete such
raids. No matter how difficult the mission might be, it was still a game. If no one
wanted to play the game, then there was no point for the developers to release
such content.
It needed to be tough enough to challenge the players, but must not be

impossible to beat. For the developers of raiding content, this required good
taste and experience.
So what was the content of a good raid challenge?
When Elder Tales was just a game, the game creator who was known as the
lead designer said this.
'... Content that allows you and your companions to grow.'
Shiroe felt that these words literally reflected the message the creator wanted to
convey.
A raid should be challenging enough for a team of a certain level of equipment
to complete with some training. The training here referred to the analysis of the
raid content, scouting the characteristics of the enemies, formulating a suitable
battle plan, and training until you were proficient enough to achieve the mission
objectives.

The strength and abilities of the players played an important role. With the right
mix of people, the group would be able to complete the raid content. But sooner
or later, you would run into content that you could not master. To overcome it,
you would need to move as one with your teammates and work together. This
went beyond the limits of the avatars' abilities and the strength of their
equipment, it was the bond between comrades.
If you were determined to challenge difficult raid content, you would need people
you could rely on as comrades. This level of teamwork required time to improve.
If a bunch of ragtag Adventurers rushed into a difficult battle, the fragile
relationships would deteriorate under pressure. If that happened, the coalition
that was similar to a guild would crumble.

That's why Shiroe was so troubled.
Shiroe had made a lot of close friends after the battle of Sand Leaf. Even a long
time player like Shiroe increased the number of people on his friend list multiple

times. Although he could contact people by telepathy, he was unable to log into
the internet. The chance of success would definitely increase if he requested aid
from a professional raiding guild like Black Swords Knights or West Wind
Brigade. But right now, the prominent guilds might be under the surveillance of
Plant hwyaden. No, Shiroe had already confirmed that someone was keeping
tabs on them. So he was unable to tap into these guilds for aid.
The abilities of individual Adventurers weren't bad either. But since a raid was
group content, they would need to have a training camp if he chose that route.
Building a new team was very risky. It would be nice to deepen the relationships
between the team, but he wanted to finish the mission as soon as possible. With
that condition in mind, Shiroe was hesitant about creating a new team.
There wouldn't be such problems if the Debauchery Tea Party was still here,
Shiroe thought. That was a bold group of people, daring to take on any raid. He
remembered Turi who liked sake and rushing into battle screaming. If it were
that group that grabbed any chance to gain fame no matter the hardship, if
Kanami and her comrades were still here, this raid would be a piece of cake.

"I understand. No problem."
Shiroe sighed in relief when he heard this answer.
The silver-haired man in front of him readily accepted Shiroe's request.
This was Susukino, one of the 5 player cities. According to modern geography,
this was approximately the city of Sapporo. There was a large bar in the center
of the city which doubled as the guild house of Silver Sword.
Although it was a bar, the ceiling was high so it did not feel humid. The couch
felt more like a long wooden bench and 'Mythril Eyes' William Massachusetts
was sitting on it, looking at Shiroe sharply.
"I am very grateful... But don't you want the details?"
"You'll tell me even if I don't ask."

Shiroe, who had contacted the guild master of Silver Sword, organized the
things he wanted to say in his mind. William accepted the request, so that was a
start. He would need to give a detailed explanation to strengthen their
relationship.
During the formation of the Round Table Council, William was impatient and had
a short temper. It wouldn't be wise to drag the explanation. Shiroe split up with
Naotsugu in order to work separately, and he intended to bring back good news
from his foray into the HQ of Silver Sword.
"The location is a new raid zone accessible from the Depths of Palm. We have
scouted the area, it is a Full Raid challenge. The enemies we encountered are
higher than level 89, the discovery was made by us. We have unsealed the
entrance. You can assume the difficulty is very high."
"Hmm..."
After the talk with Kinjo, Shiroe's group made another trip to the deepest area of
the Depths of Palm to investigate the seal. Although the seal was still active,
those that were permitted by ReGan would be able to enter through the door
with an entry pass given by ReGan. As expected, they confirmed the interior
contained a raid zone.
The ceiling of the zone was high with an ancient architecture design... it gave
the impression of being an extension of the depths of Palm. This underground
space that was illuminated by glowing crystals was filled with shrines and had
arching ceilings, an amazing facility.
From afar, they saw some jelly-like monsters that had no fixed form. At level 89,
Shiroe and Naotsugu should be able to take down a single one. But this was a
Full Raid challenge, which meant it had been set to be on par with 24 level 89
Adventurers. Shiroe's group retreated without engaging.
As Shiroe expected, there was a limit to the number of people that could enter.
This meant only 24 Adventurers could enter the zone. For quests that placed
emphasis on numbers, you could not force your way through with overwhelming
numbers.

William smirked as he listened intently to Shiroe's crisp report. He garnered a lot
of information from Shiroe's minimal words. This was expected of veteran
Adventurers who had gotten used to raids.
"What types of enemies are there? Speculations are fine too."
"What we saw are slime monsters, about 5 meters in width. Although this is just
a guess, from experience and the shape of the facility, I think they might be
Titans."
"Titans."
There were all sorts of monsters in Elder Tales. They were created by the game
developers who pushed the limits of their imagination. The monsters were
categorized into different types. Examples were the Sahuagin and goblins
Shiroe's group fought in Sand Leaf. Others included the undead type Skeletons
and the famed strongest mythical beasts Dragons. One such category of
monsters was the Titans. Famous in Yamato, they were found in the north of
Kanto. There were different types of Titans such as Cyclops and Frost Giants.
They took pride in their high health and attack power, but were low in agility and
speed. Unlike the image others had of Titans, high level Titans were able to
attack with powerful magic. Compared to Dire Beasts and Treants, Titans were
strong enemies.
"What a coincidence, I am familiar with these, they roam around Susukino."
William said.
Shiroe nodded in reply. This was one of the reasons why Shiroe approached
Silver Sword. Based on Hokkaido in the real world, the Ezzo Empire was the
front line of the People of the Land's war with the Titans. Silver Sword shifted
their HQ to Susukino with its many Titan centric raids after leaving Akiba. After
gaining this information, Shiroe visited one of the few organizations that enjoyed
success in such quests, Silver Sword.

"But there are problems."

William continued while keeping his stubborn face on.
"Silver Sword is on hiatus right now. Short of people."
"Eh?"
"I mean there are members who won't take part in this raid. There are guys who
are adamant not to take part in raids anymore, or intend to stay in Susukino
forever."
William gave a tough reply.
"That means I can't take the job. Although we can still take on simple quests, but
definitely not a tough one like this... this is too difficult. Although we have
reached level 95, it is too big a challenge. It will be a stretch to gather 20
people."
"Is it... because of the memory loss?"
Shiroe asked about the horror of losing your memory, but William shook his
head.
"The loss is exaggerated. We are not afraid. And we don't fear the fight. At least
not because of the monsters."
"If not, then why?"
Shiroe was confused.
Shiroe could understand if it were because of fear. You might be able to
respawn no matter how many times you died, but there was still some
physiological inhibition towards dying. The pain had been dulled, and the
discomfort was only of muscle ache when you lost most of your health bar. Even
the pain during the instance of death was still bearable. But to see a steel sword
pierce through your chest was enough to shatter the will of some Adventurers.
Being shredded by the claws of a dire beast and seeing the scenes of
disembowelment that were not censored. The horror of death remained.

Even famous guilds like D.D.D. and the Black Sword Knights were hesitant to
challenge the hardest raids after the Catastrophe. And the difficulty of battle had
increased after the Catastrophe. Team positioning was even harder without the
overhead view of the battlefield. The level of monsters they could take on had
dropped compared to the past when Elder Tales was just a game, a fact noted
by most Adventurers. The major guilds had dropped their choice of raid difficulty
correspondingly.
(Because of the fear of death, the drop in raiding membership is
understandable. But...)
"Why?"
"Shiroe... ah. San."
"Just Shiroe is fine."
"Oh. How many times have you died so far, Shiroe?"
He was probably referring to the period after the Catastrophe, so Shiroe replied
"None." William's dour face twisted with displeasure after hearing this response.
Instead of displeasure, his expression was closer to hesitance.
"I can't explain clearly to someone with no experience."
"..."
"Just die and you will understand. The incompetence, the bad side, and the
ugliness of yourself. Die a hundred times and you will understand a hundred
times. They can't go on because it is too hard to face them."
William looked very young when he bit his lips.
Shiroe saw a young guild master who was disappointed in losing a place for him
to prove himself. Although something Shiroe should understand was right there,

the time for Shiroe to think about it was up.
With an explosive sound, a familiar man approached Shiroe with a menacing
expression.

Part 2

On the other hand, Naotsugu and ReGan were wandering around Susukino.
It was December. Susukino in the depths of winter was covered in silvery white.
Two men were walking along the wide streets of Susukino. There were plenty of
restaurants in the direction they were heading. They were going the other way
from Shiroe, hoping to find members for their raid.
In Elder Tales, information like name, class, and level could be seen easily.
Shiroe and Naotsugu felt that the lowest level limit for this adventure was 90.
Other information like guild, equipment, attitude, and the way they spoke all
played a part in their search. Shiroe said that gathering individuals for the raid is
hard, but the members of the Tea Party were individuals anyway. Naotsugu
thought that the most important thing was their instinctive feel, so he split up
with Shiroe and wandered around.
"Looking for members?"
"Yeah."
Naotsugu answered the hunchback scholar walking beside him.
"I don't think we can gather 20 in an instant, but I was hoping for at least one for
a start."
"Is it that easy to gather warriors for raids?"
"When things go smoothly, it is."
Naotsugu answered halfheartedly as he surveyed the streets. Compared to his
first visit, the place was much more peaceful. The Susukino where Adventurers
looked at each other with suspicion was no more.

Silver Sword had improved this place dramatically. That's the news he heard
from Shiroe. This guild which left Akiba in search of raid quests came to this city
in the north and was very influential. Silver Sword brought salvation to the
violent anarchy of Susukino. Although it was not part of the Round Table
Council, it was still a strong guild that was chosen as one of the twelve founding
guilds. The members were different from the haughty people who ruled
Susukino city. Even if their levels were the same at 90, Silver Sword was a guild
that was trained through the fires of raiding.
A single top-tier battle guild managed to improve the situation in Susukino, that's
what Naotsugu heard from Shiroe.
A People of the Land elderly woman wearing a fur coat and a round Russian hat
was walking slowly with a large bag in her hands and traveling with a child. She
was probably carrying food inside. She had a peaceful expression and the kids
seemed happy, meaning the state of the city was not too bad. She was rushing
because it was too cold outside.
From the look of this street, the snow had been shoveled to the side, piling up
15cm high. It was still freezing outside, but it matched the scenery well;
Naotsugu thought the place looked great. Shiny icicles formed under the roofs of
buildings, and the city looked like a work of art decorated by crystals.
Passing through the residential area of the People of the Land, the roads
widened. The artery that linked to the heart of Susukino. Although the
abandoned buildings still looked like a frozen fortress to Naotsugu, he was used
to this view compared to his trip down in May. This was the structure of this
country of snow, serving the dual purpose of intimidation and practical insulation
from the cold.
"Have you been to Susukino before, old man?"
"A few times."
"You will have to hold down the fort without us though."
"I was prepared for that. It would be troublesome to escort me while exploring
the secrets of the depths."

ReGan replied with a hint of regret.
In a raid zone, the strength of the monsters required 5 to 6 Adventurers to
defeat. With Naotsugu and Shiroe being above the requisite level, it was
possible to fight with ReGan in tow to explore the Depths of Palm. But for a raid
that required 24 Adventurers, the fight would be very intensive. After discussing
with ReGan, it would be best for him to stay in Susukino while they went for the
raid.
"It is a pity."
"Of course. We are talking about the secrets of the Kunie. The truth we can
undercover there is worth more than gold."
"We will bring back whatever information we can."
Naotsugu promised ReGan.
"No, please don't mind me. This is the duty of the Sage of Mirror Lake. There
are lots of mysterious items in this city as well, a place the Adventurers are
developing. While Naotsugu-san is adventuring, I will research in Susukino in
my own way. Just the thought of experiencing new things in the north makes me
excited."
ReGan giggled and looked around the streets as he said this.
What a strong sense of curiosity. Although ReGan used honorifics when
speaking, Naotsugu saw him as a man of the same generation. Naotsugu
thought that ReGan looked like a graduate student from a science department
who lived in the lab. The outgoing Naotsugu saw him as an interesting fellow he
could talk to without reservation. And ReGan had hit it off with Shiroe as well.
"Well, you are right. There are lots of sights to see in Susukino too."
"Correct. I will use this chance to investigate the intercity transport gate."
"Mmmf!"

A sound interrupted their conversation.
They looked over on reflex, the top half of a person was buried in a snow pile by
the road. That was an impressive way to fall. The person dived at an angle into
the snow, so Naotsugu couldn't see the face. But the well-proportioned butt in
hot pants stuck out nicely.
"Nice Panties!"
Naotsugu gave a thumbs up with a bright smile.
The outline of the behind flowed smoothly to the thigh.
"No arguments there."
ReGan said with a smile. (Ahh, this guy is a bro,) Naotsugu thought. Although
he was a similar intellectual type like Shiroe, expressing his compliments without
hesitation in this situation was much manlier.
ReGan continued levelheadedly.
"I am not familiar with the customs of the Adventurers, isn't this a low-cut hot
pants? So it would be wrong to call them panties."
"It's alright. Isn't it sad to exclude them? If you have panties in your heart, then
those are panties."
"Well said."
"A little help here?"
The person exploded out of the snow pile in protest. Her head was probably
buried very deep, she probably fell from the roof. She didn't seem to be hurt, just
a slight redness on the tip of her nose. The strong body of Adventurers played a
part here too.

"My bad."
"I forgot what to do when I saw that great ass."
Facing the unrepentant attitude of these two, the girl with small stature growled.
"It will be a loss for all men if my pretty face were to get hurt."
Naotsugu observed the self-declared victim who was about the height of his
chest.
What a pretty and cute figure. A slender body, loose white blouse, hot pants that
accentuated her long snow white thighs. The space between her pants and knee
high socks shone brightly, an area called the 'absolute territory'. The top half of
her costume looked like a uniform with her tie, but the bottom half was
excessively exposed.
Even for men who were not looking to date, it was a fashion sense that made
your heartbeat accelerate. Naotsugu's face was already burning hot. He was
holding back on ceremony, but that cute face wearing a small silk hat which
suited the tastes of man betrayed the atmosphere.
This was a sense of fulfillment and happiness Naotsugu had never seen before.
An arrogant face declaring to the world how cute she was. Total confidence in
the words she says.
Cute.
She was definitely cute.
Naotsugu didn't want to admit it, but it would be a lie to say she wasn't cute.
But saying "It will be a loss for all men" was a bit too much for Naotsugu's taste.
Even so, he was still hesitant about retorting at a girl smiling at him with pudding
like lips.

"Isn't it too arrogant to say something like that?"
ReGan retorted without inhibition.
(ReGan's stock is rising.)
Naotsugu was impressed.
"Hmmph... Meanie."
"Ah, she stood up."
ReGan was just teasing the girl who was recovering from her fall. She had a
cheerful expression, but her face was red from ReGan's retort.
But she was still wearing a happy and proud expression. She was missing a
sense of humbleness present in pretty girls. But this might be her unique way of
expressing herself. The girl with a wonderful expression gave off a charismatic
air about her.
"Hmmm... She is very cute but her expression is too arrogant, so even though
she is cute I don't want to acknowledge it... By adding all the elements and
judging the overall score, by volume and panties it is Ms. Mary-san's victory! In
summary, a festival!"
"Huh?"
Naotsugu blurted this out unintentionally as he crossed his arms over his chest.
Fortunately, the girl and ReGan didn't understand what he was saying.
Naotsugu looked into the distance and waved his hands, pretending nothing
happened. Naotsugu then pulled a towel out from his magic bag and tossed it to
the girl.
She was dressed casually and didn't seem to be carrying a magic bag.
"Oh, I understand. I am kind to my fans."

The girl caught the towel and wiped away the snow without hesitation. She used
her thumb to brush away the snow on her hat clumsily. Naotsugu took the
chance to check the girl's status screen.
"Tetora, huh."
"Call me Tetora-chan!"
Naotsugu was stunned by the forthcoming girl. Level 92, just like Naotsugu. An
Adventurer who continued to battle after the Catastrophe. She belonged to the
guild Light Indigo, and her class was Cleric.
"Well, seems like it's easier to get close to this guy here."
"It is ineffective when you say it out loud."
As Naotsugu was retorting, Tetora leapt agilely like a cat and hugged
Naotsugu's left arm, hanging with her feet off the ground.
"Really? No effect? None? Even my hugs~?"
The confident face that recognized this to be the basics asked him. The answer
was no effect! Although it was easy to deny, this was the pitifulness of men.
Even if you knew that she was only toying with you, you wouldn't feel irritated
when a pretty girl hugged you. Tetora had an orange like fragrance.
"Re, re, release me."
"Haha. That won't do Naotsugu-san."
His status screen was read before he realized it. In this world, it was not strange
for people who met for the first time to know each others names.
"I like to grind against men who are panicky. By the way, I hate people grinding
me, so don't mix that up!"

"Like I said, let, go!"
Tetora swung onto Naotsugu's back, grabbing his head and climbing onto his
shoulder. With the Adventurers' strong body, he didn't really feel that she was
heavy.
Tetora who was giggling as she hugged Naotsugu's head was certainly a cute
girl.
With the system character design, it was not surprising to see handsome men
and beautiful women all around. But that was on the outside; the atmosphere
around a person could not be faked. Tetora gave off an elegant and sunny air,
and Naotsugu thought she was way ahead of other Adventurers in grabbing
attention.
"Just like a crying rabbit climbing a tree."
"The skeleton bro over there is so mean!"
"She called me a skeleton..."
ReGan and Tetora seemed to be having a fun conversation.
"That was an emergency, so you should have helped me right? A poor girl like
me bruising my nose will make my fans cry. Really, a disgraceful fall like that
could have ended my career as an idol."
"Upside down with your panties sticking out..."
"Not panties! Hot pants!"
ReGan was not backing down. He realized that Tetora was concerned with her
awkward appearance earlier and was attacking her.
"Hot... warm panties... ah... Did you leak because of the fright?"

"Leak, leaking is impossible!"
"Really?"
"This snowy country really chills your stomach..."
"That's right."
"What are you saying you blind old skeleton!"
Tetora was hugging Naotsugu's whole head as she bickered with ReGan.
Naotsugu lifted his hands up and grabbed Tetora by the armpit and put her
gently onto the ground. He felt ReGan's gaze on him.
He understood the meaning of this gaze immediately. ReGan was asking
whether Naotsugu wanted to invite this girl.
Naotsugu observed Tetora with a raid in mind.

Clerics were front line healing characters. Equipped with heavy armor, they
occupied the heavy responsibility of healing the main tank. That's why out of the
3 types of healers, Clerics were the only ones that could equip heavy armor.
In fact, out of the 12 classes, together with Guardians like Naotsugu and
Samurai like Soujirou, Clerics were one of the 3 classes that could equip heavy
armor. With their ability to equip shields, their defense was second only to
Guardians.
Clerics were dependent on equipment, responsible for holding up the health of
the defense line. The defense line had to withstand the brunt of the enemies'
attacks. They were not limited to the blows from swords or axes, but also
included area attacks such as dragon's breath.
Although the attacks were directed at the defense line, the Clerics would also
suffer damage if they were in range. Clerics could use powerful healing spells in
close range, but the front line was still a scary place. The Clerics who faced the

risks fearlessly were also known in Elder Tales as the toughest defense.
Observing Tetora again, she was armored lightly.
Tetora might be wearing casual wear for traveling in the city, so he couldn't
judge from this alone. If Shiroe were here, he might be able to tell whether the
girl was wearing the best set up of equipment for her build, but these were all
meaningless gimmicks to Naotsugu. Naotsugu was inconclusive about that. Her
level was excellent, but Naotsugu was scouting for an excellent healer that
could fight in raids.
But on a separate note, Naotsugu was hesitant about pushing a girl onto a
dangerous battlefield.

"A beauty like me will spread pheromones wherever I go."
Tetora said with a 'can't be helped' expression.
She was misunderstanding why Naotsugu was looking at her from head to toe.
Although Naotsugu was troubled by this, Tetora seemed to be enjoying herself
as she stood with her hands on her hips. 'Pheromones pheromones, it can't be
helped nya, I know what you are thinking nya fufufufu...' She was so happy that
she was almost singing out loud. Naotsugu didn't know what she was so happy
about, trying to hug Naotsugu whenever she had the chance. Naotsugu did his
best to dodge.
"I think the smell coming from your ass is not pheromones, but a fart."
ReGan put his finger on his chin and commented, stopping Tetora's arrogant
attitude.
"What did you say?"
"Right?"
Her face turned woeful, her knees slackened and then straightened in defiance.

"Idols don't fart!"
"What about pee?"
"We don't!"
Naotsugu's retort on reflex made Tetora fall into a trap. What a perfect combo.
"Well done you pass."
"Huh?"
"You pass... Ermm, this is kinda abrupt."
As ReGan said, it fell on instinct in the end.
Naotsugu felt a nostalgic air from Tetora. That was the feeling of his friends who
pressed forward even though they were not concerned with victory.
That's how Naotsugu managed to solicit a new raid member.

Part 3

"You have guts to show your face here, Log Horizon's Shiroe."
Shiroe turned around and saw the wrathful Demiqas draw near.
He left a trail of overturned tables with food and dishes falling onto the floor. The
members of Silver Sword looked uneasy at the sight of Demiqas, as they
watched the table where their leader William was seated with the guest Shiroe.
This zone was situated within Susukino city, which was obviously a no-combat
zone.
That's why no one drew their weapons. One of the Adventurers told a stunned
People of the Land "Don't stay here, take a break inside."
Shiroe's expression softened when he heard this. This guild was not bad at all.
But the agitated Demiqas didn't care.
"Your easy-going attitude is still the same."
"Long time no see, Democracy-san."
This muscle-bound giant looked no different after half a year. Although his
equipment had been updated, his thick arms and bloodshot eyes were still the
same. This was indeed the world of Elder Tales, appearances didn't change with
time. For Shiroe, this was both amazing and disappointing at the same time.
He knew the possibility of this happening. When they were planning the trip to
Susukino, the first concern of Naotsugu was meeting Demiqas and his guild
Brigandia again.
Shiroe had clashed with Brigandia in Susukino when he rescued Serara after

the Catastrophe. Because Brigandia was using violence to control the city,
Maryelle was worried about Serara's wellbeing, leading to the operation to
rescue Crescent Moon Alliance's Serara. In this world where there was no
permanent death, Shiroe's victory probably didn't have that much of an effect.
But they succeeded in taking Serara with them and wounding Brigandia's pride.

"Let's take this outside Shiroe!"

Demiqas' iron fist smashed onto the table.
Naotsugu was right. It was hard for him to be wrong though, since it was
unrealistic for Demiqas to forget what happened 6 months ago and let it go with
the wind.
"What do you want to do outside?"
Shiroe knew what was coming, but he asked anyway.
Although he knew what Demiqas wanted, Shiroe couldn't skip the necessary
steps. Going back and forth with taunts and bickering. This was the karma
Shiroe wrought, there was no escaping this. But he was soliciting for raid
members right now, so Shiroe had to avoid showing his weak side to William.
"Do you prefer hamburgers or chicken cutlet?"
"Tofu."
"Tender and soft, just the way I like it. I will tenderize you until you are half dead,
so get out there!"
"Shut up, Demi."
William cut him off curtly.
"This man is my guest."
"Like I give a shit! William, this is my..."
"You lost, right?"
"Eh!"

"You lost. Just walk away."
"But..."
"I will kick your ass again, Demiqas."
William warned Demiqas in an icy tone.
Shiroe adjusted his glasses and thought. He understood the situation in
Susukino from the information he had gathered. Half a year ago, chaos
continued to reign after Shiroe left Susukino. After forming the Round Table
Council, several expeditions were sent to Susukino to evacuate anyone who
wanted to leave. After Silver Sword migrated to the north, there was still
bloodlust in the air, but it was relatively stable for a player city in the border
areas.
In this city ruled by several battle guilds, a high-ranking guild within the server
like Silver Sword brought stability to the region. William's gang was ranked 3rd
behind Black Sword Knights and D.D.D. Although they did not actively patrol the
streets, they did not tolerate Adventurers that disturbed the peace. From their
perspective, Adventurers who bullied the powerless People of the Land were
despicable weaklings. They would not allow such people to throw their weight
around in Elder Tales.
An example of such reports was right before Shiroe's eyes.
There were 6 ears sticking out from behind the kitchen counter. The werecat
People of the Land revealing just their eyes were observing the situation. They
seemed to think this was troublesome, but there was no fear in their eyes.
Silver Sword earned the trust of the People of the Land in Susukino. When Elder
Tales was just a game, Susukino was set to be the frontline city in the fight
against Titans, a pioneer city built from the wilderness. This setting might have
positive implications, too.
Instead of Brigandia which ruled the city with an iron fist, Silver Sword playing
the role of the guardians of the city with no ulterior intentions was a much better
upgrade.

Demiqas ground his teeth at William's threat and glared at Shiroe.

"You can't beat Shiroe anyway."
"I have upgraded my gear though difficult raids!"
On closer inspection, Demiqas' Wyvern Shin Guard seemed to have been
modified heavily. From the equipment he was using, it was clear that Demiqas
took part in many raids in these 6 months. And they were not easy quests. The
Beast King's Coat was a loot from the level 90 raid quest 'Ruler of the
Tenvuikutori Plains', an admirable achievement.
"Thinking that you can win because of your gear is the reason you will lose to
Shiroe."
"!!"
William maintained a casual attitude while facing the silent anger of Demiqas.
Shiroe didn't know what kind of relationship these two had, but he got the
general gist. They had probably had a duel which William won overwhelmingly,
forcing Demiqas to play second fiddle.

"Like I said, Brigandia has lost half its members. Mah, it can't be helped. They
were defeated by a werecat swordsman who is not even in a guild. It's obvious
that no one would want to stay. And the poopy Londark was headhunted by
people from Kansai."
"Hey, idol wannabe. Is it okay for you to say poop?"
"Don't say poop, your popularity will plummet."
"Hah! I, I didn't say that okay? Idols don't say things like poop. That would
tarnish my image."
"So you are going for the comedy route."

"I am a traditional beauty galaxy idol. Even the Voyager will rush into space
without wearing shoes for me!"
"Just like a grade-schooler. So what about Demiqas?"
"I am not a grade-schooler! Demiqas is like the little brother of Silver Sword, or
rather the whole guild is falling into that role. Anyway, peace came to Susukino.
Really, I am not a grade-schooler, okay? We have Demidemi's wife to thank for
that. Before I forget, I am not a grade-schooler from this point onwards alright."
The loud obnoxious voice traveled to the tense table where Shiroe, William, and
Demiqas were. They seemed to be heading this way as the sound was getting
louder. They were talking without sparing a thought for others.
Demiqas' head turned red for reasons other than anger.
"Really!? Wife!? What the hell!!"
"Marriage huh. How wonderful."
"Although he still denies the marriage stubbornly, my sources from the People of
the Land network tell me he cleans the sheets daily and provides 3 meals a day.
It makes the other guild members jealous, saying that his aristocratic People of
the Land bride has him under her thumb."
"Eh..."
"The People of the Land he kidnapped to be a servant is being treated so
delicately. Like the opening to a hentai game. Ah, Naotsugu-san. Want to serve
me? Hehehe. It can be arranged, I am an idol after all."
"Enough, get down you fake idol!"
Shiroe heard the cute voice giggling while uttering uncute contents.
There were 2 male voices accompanying this approaching trouble, and they

sounded so familiar.

"That's why in this period of time, Demidemi has become a more rounded
person, just like a ball. Ah, it's Demidemi."
Demiqas flew through the air instantly without any running start. Wyvern Kick.
Gliding 5 meters through the air with a powerful kick, the renowned attack skill of
Monks. He probably did it with his body movement instead of using the game
menu as it seemed faster compared to half a year ago.
The attack with no preparatory movement was blocked by Naotsugu who
grabbed his shield in an instant. The clear clashing sound showed that Demiqas
was attacking seriously. If it were a real fight, the Guards operated by the Kunie
should be rushing into this no-combat zone. Naotsugu didn't really want to fight.
He was just taking the blow with the shield on his shoulder to avoid sounding off
the alarm.
But the attack still reached the target. The slender girl hanging off Naotsugu's
neck was being squashed by the pressure. Her mouth was open wide, hugging
on to Naotsugu like a koala bear.
The ones at the doorway were Naotsugu, ReGan, and a Cleric. Naotsugu knew
that there was a high chance Demiqas would attack Shiroe, so he came here to
meet up with Shiroe. Unfortunately, they were just gossiping about Demiqas
when they showed up.
Although they meant no harm, Demiqas was still angered by their talk. Well,
Shiroe didn't blame him. Discussing such things in public and in such a tense
situation, no wonder Demiqas was angry. The kick was a bit too much, but it was
no problem for Naotsugu. Naotsugu had gotten used to Akatsuki's kicks. The
leading expert in being kneed and kicked in Akiba was definitely Naotsugu the
Guardian. With his 50% success rate when defending against Akatsuki,
Naotsugu matched up well with Monks who specialized in kicking.

"A flying kick?"

"Where are you putting your hands at a time like this? Don't put your weight on
me!"
"Damn you Tetora, running your mouth off!"
Their conversation was going nowhere as the scene descended into chaos.
Seemed like the Cleric hanging on to Naotsugu's neck was Tetora. A rather cute
name. Shiroe understood when he read her level and guild. Naotsugu was
probably recruiting members. With a couple more people, together with himself
and Naotsugu, they should barely be able to form a Full Raid. As Shiroe
breathed a sigh of relief, William laughed and announced.
"Great, with the healer and Demi, we will have the numbers. You have so much
energy, save that kick for the actual raid, Haha."
Shiroe's sense of relief disappeared when he heard the mocking laughter.
The raid beyond the Depths of Palm. Shiroe felt all sorts of worries piling up no
matter where he went.

Part 4

The preparations proceeded smoothly.
Adventurers kept most of their belongings in their rooms, their guild house, the
bank, in a warehouse, or brought it along in their bags. Veteran Adventurers
owned several weight reduction containers known as magic bags. Bringing
along perishables and equipment needed for adventuring was common
knowledge.
It was even more so for big battle guilds specializing in raids like Silver Sword.
The elite members spent every day battling. They were ready before evening
after William gave the word.
The world of Elder Tales after the Catastrophe moved twelve times slower than
before. With the Fairy Rings rendered useless, the amount of time required to
traverse great distances was depressingly long. You had to go through the
straits of Lyport in order to reach the depths of Palm. Although Shiroe,
Naotsugu, and ReGan flew past the straits on Griffons, it was not feasible for a
group of 24 to travel that way.

Silver Sword was one of the major guilds in the Yamato server competing for the
honor of being the best in raids, so quite a number of them had flying mounts,
but not all. Although they could make it by air if they squeezed, William decided
to travel directly by land. Shiroe agreed with this means of travel.
Silver Sword was William's guild, so he was most suited for command.
Shiroe and Naotsugu understood this and had no qualms about following
William's lead. The ones complaining were Demiqas and Tetora. Demiqas threw
a tantrum without a word because of his pride, while Tetora disturbed Naotsugu
in a Tetora way, saying stuff like 'I want to be a flying idol.'
Shiroe felt that there was more than meets the eye.

For Naotsugu, spring had come.

There was only one way if they traveled by land. That was through the tunnel
under the straits of Lyport. As expected, this tunnel also doubled as a dungeon
in the world of Elder Tales, but was no threat to the Full Raid group with an
average level of 93. This dungeon could be traversed alone for Adventurers
above level 40 anyway.
The raid group led by William advanced into the dungeon underneath the straits.

The basics of group battle in Elder Tales was the party made of 6. The 24 men
Full Raid was comprised of four parties; each party of six was then numbered
from 1st to 4th.
Raid battles differed widely, so there was no such thing as the correct
composition. But it was common to see the 1st party focus on defense and the
2nd party be well balanced for guerrilla missions. The 3rd and 4th parties
concentrated on attack and were responsible for bringing down the enemy.
The first problem in planning a raid was assigning members to parties.
If you thought about the roles each member played, it would be based on their
job class. For example, the tanks in the 1st party formed the defense line for the
whole raid, as it was impossible for all the players to withstand the attacks of the
raid boss indefinitely. The main tank would need to have the highest defense
and health bar, and use the best taunting skills to focus the enemies' hate on
himself. Only a Guardian met all these criteria. Although Samurai were a viable
choice, Guardians were still better with their ability to equip shields.
But that was only in normal situations.
If the Samurai was of a higher level than the Guardian or had better equipment,
the Samurai would be the better choice. And more important than the level and
equipment was the character of the Adventurer. In raid battles, spending long
periods of time tanking the enemies' attacks was a heavy burden. Skills were
important, but mental toughness and the teamwork with others were crucial as

well. There were some Guardians out there who preferred to concentrate on
attacks and hated taunting enemies and protecting teammates. Instead of
assigning them to the front lines, they would be more suited for command or the
3rd or 4th party which concentrated on attacking.
This meant that detailing the members was not limited to classes and levels, but
also the character of the players, a complicated puzzle to derive the best
combination. Taking into account the weaknesses and movements of the enemy
monsters, there were plenty of permutations to consider, a difficult question that
had plagued commanders for the past 20 years.

Shiroe understood that the reason why William chose to travel by land lay here.
He wanted to understand the nature and strength of the new members as
reference for the team roster when the time came.
(But, I don't think you can use this as reference.)
Shiroe was assigned as the leader of the 2nd party.
The members were Enchanter Shiroe.
Guardian Naotsugu.
Cleric Tetora.
Druid Vuoinen.
Swashbuckler Federico.
Monk Demiqas.

Vuoinen and Federico were veterans of Silver Sword, and they welcomed
Shiroe more warmly than he expected.

The problem was Demiqas, rushing out when the battle started to hunt down
monsters. The monsters were between level 30 and 40. For the level 93
Demiqas, this was as challenging as poking through paper windows. It was hard
to tell his character and teamwork from this.
Although Shiroe tried talking to him several times, Demiqas cut the conversation
short with his curt and menacing replies.
"No need to rush."
The kind and warm Vuoinen told him.

"It will be great if we complete this by year's end."
There was a reason why Vuoinen thought this way.
Things like raid battles were not challenges you could complete in a day. From
their experience of Elder Tales as a game, a raid zone had countless normal
monsters and 5 to 10 raid bosses. They could be wiped out by a normal monster
if they were careless. You would need to be wiped out dozens of times in order
to understand the raid boss' capabilities and look for the way to victory, that's
what raiding was all about.
If you died in a raid zone, you would not be sent to the cathedral in the player's
city. You would respawn right at the entrance of the zone. This meant the
entrance to the zone had the same capability as a cathedral.
Since they could challenge the zone from the entrance if they were wiped out, it
was the norm for players to try again multiple times. Preparing to spend a month
on this was reasonable.
William's instruction to purchase a month's worth of perishables reinforced
Vuorinen's words. Shiroe was already prepared for this and squeezed all sorts of
materials and tools into his bags, enough to last him 2 months.
This was great for evading spies, Shiroe thought. Although Susukino was a

border city with sparse population, it was still a player city. There was a high
chance people were already watching him. It would be safe to stay in an
unexplored region. Shiroe didn't know how true this was...
But even so, he didn't want this to drag on too long.
Even if he stayed still, the chance of information leaking increased the longer he
took. And if Shiroe was right, this was not a surveillance he could evade by
switching zones. Although Nyanta and Akatsuki were creating an alibi for him in
Akiba, there was no telling how long he could keep this up. So he wanted to
wrap this up as soon as possible.
As Shiroe thought about this, he started missing his old friends.
How strange, Shiroe thought as he scratched his cheek.
It had been less than half a year, but he missed the guild house wrapped by an
ancient tree. The fragrant wooden floors of the living room made by Michitaka,
he missed the cheerful sound of everyone. He wanted to watch the sun rise
from the balcony while drinking tea. In order to protect all this, he had to
complete this mission. I am a guild master now, Shiroe pushed himself on with
this thought.
"Wahh!"
Shiroe looked towards the source of the scream, Tetora was staring at him.
"What happened?"
"Shiroe-san was smiling! I saw him smiling by himself!"
"He does smile every now and then."
"Really!? This was my first time seeing it..."
Barging in with this rude conversation were the duo Naotsugu and Tetora.

"Keep a distance from Shiro. He is a closet pervert."
"Ahh. I see... Shiroe-san is so pitiful. Want to see some panties?"
"You claim to be an idol and yet you are fine showing it to anyone?"
"I'm not showing. I'm just asking. Just curious. If I really wanted to show it, I will
pretend it's an accident. And then report that guy to the police."
"That's being a trap, not an idol."
"Naotsugu-san you meanie. Even if you are charmed by me, I still don't belong
to any one person."
Although Shiroe didn't show it on his face, he was shocked by their unhesitant
conversations. Naotsugu grunted 'I'm not charmed.' Tetora used Tetora's way
and hugged Naotsugu, saying 'The words of a true tsundere. I'm climbing up
okay?'
They had good affinity with each other.
Shiroe forgot to be mad at being the subject of a rude discussion, but felt happy
for some reason. This was just their second meeting. It was only natural that she
had never seen Shiroe smile, and both of them knew nothing of each other.

Tetora somehow angered Naotsugu and fled, with Naotsugu chasing behind.
Shiroe didn't feel the need to stop them. They could take on any monsters in this
dungeon easily, and Demiqas was wiping out all the enemies nearby anyway.
Shiroe still waved and shouted 'Be careful okay' anyway. A hand patted his back
and said to him 'You are really taking it easy.'
William was fully equipped with a giant bow on his back. He looked straight
ahead with his sharp expression and walked to Shiroe's side.

"Instead of taking it easy, I feel that I am enjoying myself."
Shiroe replied.
William seemed to laugh bitterly upon hearing this response.
Shiroe only learned in these few days that William's sharp and guarded
expression was his default face; he was not actually unhappy about anything.
He did not show his thoughts through his face and his mocking smile didn't
really mean anything. This was the norm for William.
A good raid commander needed to grasp the direction and character of his
members. This would maximize the effectiveness of command and execution.
On the other hand, the members would also learn the perks of the commander
over time. Just following orders blindly was meaningless. Only when you
understood the intent and purpose would you be able to react in time to achieve
the team's goal.
Appointed as the leader of the 2nd party, Shiroe tried spending more time
understanding William. From the unhappy expression William wore all the time,
Shiroe could imagine the guild issues William worried about all the time.
But this was to be expected. Without this level of ability, it would be impossible
to lead a guild like Silver Sword to the top of the battle guild rankings.
"But he's not."
The meaning behind these vague words could be understood by following
William's gaze and looking at the bulky figure destroying monsters. Indeed,
Demiqas was straying away from the 2nd party's formation.
"He is an unstable factor."
Shiroe said apologetically with a hint of guilt. But William simply smiled and
nodded. William used his left hand to stroke his chin and looked into the
distance with a bitter smile.

"But he joined the raid, so I'm sure he'll understand. Even I, the other
blockheads, will understand too. If they don't, then that is their limit."
William seemed to be hinting at all sorts of things with cryptic words, but Shiroe
didn't understand it at this point in time.

Part 5

Three weeks later, the group was still moving on.
The 1 month target they set was shattered easily, the way ahead seemed to be
getting more unpredictable. They only took down 2 raid bosses after 3 weeks,
and only had a vague idea of the whole raid zone.
The atmosphere of the group was growing increasingly fatigued and serious.

"Damn it!!"
The roaring Demiqas was taking damage from poison, Vuoinen cursed in his
mind as he cast Heartbeat Healing on him. Demiqas would constantly be healed
gradually over a 20 second period. Green and orange pulsing light effects
surrounded the burly warrior.
Demiqas used his specialty of dashing while punching to charge at the yellow
slime creature.
Lightning Straight. He leaned forward and struck with all his might, piercing the
slime monster easily. But Vuoinen sighed, knowing it wouldn't work.
The Orcus Jelly splattered slime in all directions. A pungent smell from the
pieces filled the air as they started to dissolve. The attacking Demiqas was also
covered in white smoke and was smoldering. Orcus Jelly used its acidic body to
attack enemies and would also damage anybody who came into contact with it.
The 5 meter large slime ball didn't seem to be hurt.
"I told you so!"
Vuoinen rushed in Demiqas' direction. The muscle head warrior's strike had put
him out of the 20 meter range of healing spells. Although he cast Heartbeat
Healing on him, the recovery amount wouldn't be enough. If Vuoinen didn't cast

Instant Cures and Minor Heals, Demiqas would fall again.
Vuoinen felt frustrated with Demiqas who had disrupted the formation again.
The dull thud from the sewage pipe on either side of them signaled the arrival of
more Orcus Jellies.
A chaotic fight.
The raiding group of 24 was led by Vuoinen's guild master William, made up of 4
parties. But only the 1st and 2nd parties had acceptable levels of defense. The
1st party specialized in defense and was tanking the bulk of the Orcus Jellies
from the front.
The 3rd and 4th parties were in charge of dishing out firepower to destroy the
enemy. Their offense was heightened to kill their foes, but their defense was
lacking. They were to dispose of the monsters the 1st party was pulling.
The 2nd party Vuoinen was assigned to have the task of guerrilla missions.
They had to intercept the monsters that got past the 1st party. When the
enemies launched surprise attacks against the weakly armored 3rd or 4th party,
the 2nd party would need to protect them.
The 1st party was in the spotlight as they held off the biggest enemies and
attracted their hate, the 2nd party on the other hand needed quick reactions to
danger and was very important from a tactical standpoint. All of the members
needed to know what the task at hand was in order to coordinate efficiently.

The monsters emerging from the sides launched their attack.
The 1st party was holding the defense line ahead and couldn't pull back.
Demiqas pulled a surprise attack when the raid bogged down to a stalemate.
This was a dangerous time for enemy reinforcements to come in. They were
coming at the flanks of the 3rd and 4th parties, the rear of the formation with
weak defense. The lightly armored mages responsible for long range attacks

were especially vulnerable. It would be over if they were to fall.
(This is not the time to worry about others!)
Vuoinen chased after Demiqas who had charged on ahead.
He watched his steps and moved ahead, failing to notice the translucent yellow
pudding wall approaching until it was too late.
(This is bad,) Vuoinen thought as silvery mass manifested from his right.
"Anchor Howl!"
The ear-splitting shout of the Guardian attracted the wrath of the Orcus Jelly. It
was his teammate Naotsugu from the 2nd party. Vuoinen heard that Naotsugu
was from a small but famous guild, and was impressed with his smooth
movements in the raid battle.
The monster shook its ugly body, probably locking on to Naotsugu. Naotsugu
raised his shield in defense, understanding that reckless strikes would invite
counterattacks in the form of acid. He skillfully used his taunts and wielded his
shield to minimize the damage. His ability might be even better than that of the
Guardian Dinkuron, the defensive specialist of Silver Sword.
The Orcus Jelly from the left moved in to double-team Naotsugu, rising up like
bread dough and suddenly freezing.
Without even hearing it, Vuoinen could tell this was the timely Astral Hypnos
spell cast by their Enchanter. Although it was only for 20 seconds, monsters hit
by the spell would cease all movement. Because they were just sleeping, just a
light hit was enough to dispel the condition. But the ability to reduce the number
of active enemies was already a big help. Since this was a raid zone, the
monsters here were all buffed up to raid zone level. The effectiveness of
hypnosis spells was reduced to about 4 seconds. Just 4 seconds was enough to
slip past the enemy and head for the front lines.
"Enemy reinforcement, requesting support! 8 o' clock, Orcus Jelly!!"

Shiroe shouted as he cast Astral Hypnos.
In response to the voice, the 3rd and 4th parties switched their attack target. The
first blow came from the commander William. His crystal-like arrows sparkled
like meteors, piercing holes through the stomach of the Orcus Jelly the size of
fists. This was followed by fire, frost, and lightning spells raining down in rapid
succession.
All raid monsters had huge amounts of health. Even the combined attack of
dozens could not take them down in a short period of time. The Orcus Jelly
crippled by Shiroe had broken free, but the 4 seconds was enough for their
Guardian to accumulate enough hate.
Vuoinen watched the nimble Cleric bounce around the battlefield.
The lightly armored healer was more experienced than she looked. She came
from an unknown guild called Light Indigo but was no stranger to raid battles.
Her lightly armored build contradicted directly with the orthodox build of a fullyarmored Cleric. But from her skillful positioning and movements, Vuoinen knew
that she had a good sense and understanding of the situation.
Tetora moved back and forth repeatedly as she distributed her Reactive Heal
among teammates. She hid behind Naotsugu when the Orcus Jelly compressed
its body. Using the powerful defense of the Guardian to block the dangerous
area attacks of the raid monsters, a move veterans used.
"Doing okay, Naotsugu-san?"
"The slime festival is really swell!"
"Wonderful...! Naotsugu-san is so cool...!"
"You are totally using me as a shield!"
"I healed you several times already so take some hits for me, alright?"
Vuoinen smiled when he saw the two of them bicker. Shiroe and the duo he

brought along were impressively tenacious. Vuoinen was impressed.
Mysterious light shone from the tall ceiling within the zone. It was either
illuminated by luminous mushrooms or magic. The bright lights kept the
dungeons bright and the surroundings visible. When exploring the place, it was
still advisable to use Bug Light though.
This place was several hundred meters underground. They had passed through
the Depths of Palms to a bigger battle zone 'Abyss Shaft'; a conservative
estimate of the amount of soil above their heads would be several million tons.
For Adventurers who were mainly students and working adults, it was very
pressuring.
The complex sewage openings around the premises meant monsters could
launch sneak attack at any time, intensifying the pressure. The raid was hard.
They were not holding back either. The difficulty of this zone was tougher than
Vuorinen expected.
They had to spend 8 to 10 hours battling dozens of rounds with monsters daily.
This was their limit. Every fight was challenging, and they needed time to
recover too. Their exploration area was still very limited.

Contrary to expectations, the trio was not discouraged at all.
Even the elites of Silver Sword were feeling the heat. Compared to normal
Adventurers, this trio was full of life and vigor. This didn't seem to be the effect of
skills and equipment, but rather because of their nature.

"I'm going to do it okay. Anytime now. Don't fall for me, alright?"
"Enough, just get on with it!"
"Fufu. Here I come. In response to everyone's request... listen to my song!
'Aurora Heal'!"

Colorful lights from the entire spectrum of the rainbow shone bright, healing the
wounds of all allies in range slowly. The area attack of the Orcus Jellies did not
only target the members holding down the defense line. Melee attackers using
swords and axes would also take damage. A member of the 2nd party, Federico,
was already at half health. It was the duty of Vuoinen to heal him when he had
the time to spare. But with the monsters' fierce attack at hand, Vuoinen had to
give the priority to the tanks.
In order to cover for Vuoinen who rushed out to support Demiqas, Tetora was
using a big spell with long casting time to mass heal.
"I did it! I am so smart and cute, so perfect!"
"That's the truth, although your attitude disgusts me, I am grateful for the fix!
Take this!"
"Focus your attacks! Keep your melee area attacks down!"
Shiroe cast support spells for Tetora. At the same time, Federico, whose wounds
were on the mend, returned to the front lines.

While listening to the cheerful voice behind him, Vuoinen cast consecutive
healing spells at Demiqas.
Orcus Jellies seemed like nothing but trouble for melee fighters and tanks.
Acidic slime would spurt out when they were attacked from close range, an
effective counterattack. The acidic smog caused area damage and debuffs,
another headache. Dealing with one was bad, facing 4 or 5 at once was even
more of a pain.
"Come back, Demiqas!"
"To be held back by these small fries...!"
Demiqas roared as he retreated with Phantom Step. His hands were smoking
from the acid. The wear and tear on his weapons seemed rather serious.

"Damn it, heal me!"
"Don't need to shout, I can hear you."
Vuoinen started to chant. Demiqas was on the verge of dying, and would fall if
this kept up. Demiqas returned because he understood the risk, but his attitude
was bad.
Demiqas seemed unhappy with Vuoinen's response and glared at him. His eyes
seemed to be saying, 'If you know, then hurry up!'
Vuoinen sighed.
Demiqas was troublesome.
As a fellow party member, Vuoinen wished Demiqas would tone it down.
If he kept up his solitary strikes, his heal work would be compromised. Attacking
without considering the casting range would cause the formation to crumble.
Demiqas had racked up several deaths. In a raid group with dozens of
Adventurers, there were sure to be members with a healing class, so they could
be revived with no issues. For Adventurers in raiding guilds like Vuoinen, death
was just equivalent to fainting, but it also meant they would not be able to move
when they went down. The overall performance of the group would drop with
death.
No matter how dumb he might be, he had learned to avoid dying. But even if he
retreated just before he fell, it was still unacceptable in terms of efficiency. When
Demiqas was recovering, the 1st party had to cover for him.
Demiqas' reckless charge was reinforced by the kindness of the people around
him. The support stopping would lead to the whole group falling into ruins.
(But...)

Vuoinen thought as he cast Healing Wind and Heartbeat Healing, rushing back
to the front lines alongside Demiqas.
But even so, it was only fair to say that Demiqas was a good player.
They had spent 3 weeks exploring the depths of the underground dungeon.
There had been many brutal battles in this period. Although they had never been
wiped out completely, all the participating members had been killed more than
10 times.
In normal circumstances, people would want to vent their anger at their
surroundings when faced with such pressure. For Shiroe and his group from Log
Horizon to maintain their optimism was abnormal.
Vuoinen thought he was an elite in raids.
Led by the famous William, Vuoinen felt like a veteran who had been through
hell.
Not only Vuoinen, all other members of Silver Sword were confident that they
were the strongest guild in the server and they were proud of it.
But the guild specializing in raids and striving to be the strongest had its share of
troubles. The core group has fallen to about 80 percent after the Catastrophe,
and about 40 members were left. There were some who had quit raiding even
though they still retained guild membership.
That was because raid battles in a zone that matched the level of the
Adventurers were brutal.
The top guild D.D.D playing around in the Citadel of Seven Falls of about level
50 was evidence of this.
In the eyes of Vuoinen and the others, it was a joke. A bunch of level 90s
running around a level 50 zone? Instead of being a major battle guild, it was
more like a major fun and games guild.

But he could not dismiss Demiqas because of this pride. This dim witted, burly
Monk was unable to understand the meaning of cooperation. He was unwilling
to listen to others and gave them a ton of trouble. His attitude was poor, lacking
all the essential elements for fighting raids.
But Demiqas was no coward.
Even D.D.D was hesitant when fighting level 90 end game content. But this
martial artist did not slow down when facing the torrent of violence and death.
He did not shy away from contact with monsters, and his eyes were unwavering.
Vuoinen knew that Demiqas' jealousy for Shiroe and Silver Sword were part of
the reason. But fear was not something you can overcome with jealousy. There
was no way Demiqas could handle the slime ball monsters more than twice his
height by throwing tantrums.
Vuoinen had no answers, and could only add protective barriers on Demiqas
and himself.
The situation was dire.
The exploration was not progressing well. Even Silver Sword was losing selfrestraint and was on the verge of exploding. The most brutal battles in the whole
server were probably here. They couldn't just let the vagrant continue to run
amok. Vuorinen continued to commit to his duty as a healer to keep his party
healthy as he rushed around the battlefield.

Part 6

William, who held the trust of Silver Sword, was suffering.
After finishing the battle for the day, in the elaborate temporary base camp,
William tossed out the papers documenting the results of the exploration. He
stretched his back so far out that he almost toppled the canvas chair he was
sitting on.
"It's not going well."
"Right."
Sitting beside him was Log Horizon's Shiroe. This young man in glasses was
mapping out the area with an accuracy William could never match. William
stretched out his legs wide, rocked his chair, and sighed. He knew he was
furrowing his brow.
"How many to go?"
"Well..."
Shiroe traced his finger on the gigantic map.
"There are 3, no, 4 more."
This was an estimate of the number of raid bosses left in the zone.
Although there were all sorts of raid zones, this one appeared to be a typical
multi-stage raid zone. Raid dungeons were more challenging versions of normal
dungeons, containing raid content.
Compared to party-level dungeon zones, there were many more passages and
rooms. There might even be traps and puzzles. Humongous areas lay within the

key areas of the zone, and powerful raid bosses stood guard in them.
All the enemies were at raid level strength. Since this area was designed for a
24 person Full Raid, a party of 6 would never stand a chance. Even with a Full
Raid group, there was still a chance you would be wiped out if you let down your
guard. Silver Sword would be able to expedite their exploration process if they
were facing normal monsters. But they were still stuck with filling the gaps in the
map for now.
The problem lay with the raid bosses which required different tactics from
normal monsters.
They had taken down '1st of the garden' Vandemi and '5th of the garden'
Elraider. Both of them were powerful and had special abilities which required
complicated tactics to defeat.

"This is tedious."
"The fights with these 2 bosses were really close."
That was expected in raid boss battles.
Simply gathering powerful members wouldn't even get you to the fight, let alone
lead you to victory.
Neither of the fights went perfectly, and they barely avoided being wiped out,
with a handful out of the 24 escaping to safety. The other members were revived
in safety, and this process was repeated 20 odd times. Including combat
resuscitation, all the members had been incapacitated multiple times.
But some good did come out of this. Orcus Jelly, Mutant Griffon, Venom
Hydrangea, and Minotaur Maruader dropped lots of high-quality materials such
as primordial mud, variant leather, and comet metal only available through raids.
These were high-class items production class Adventurers could use to create
quality equipment worth a fortune.

They also obtained 7 phantasmal-class equipment after defeating 1st of the
garden Vandemi and 5th of the garden Elraider.
These equipment were a huge motivation for major guilds fighting to be the very
best like no one ever was. The loot this round were types that they had never
seen before. They were not only an upgrade of phantasmal class level
equipment, it was a glorious accomplishment they could be proud of.

Shiroe poured out coffee from the pot that was 20cm tall. William counted the
number of days they had left as he watched Shiroe's action.
"Ten days is our limit."
"..."
William was concerned about their supplies.
As they fought on, the Adventurers' equipment would suffer wear and tear.
Death would cause even more damage which could not be mended by
resuscitation spells. To keep the equipment in working condition, they had to
constantly maintain them.
This was common sense in Elder Tales and William had already taken this into
account. Such multi-stage raids had always been a headache since the Elder
Tales days. The members of the raid had subclasses of Blacksmith, Armor
Craftsman, Seamstress and Carpenters. Doing maintenance when not engaging
in battle was the norm for major guilds.
But repairs required materials. Without proper facilities, the material
consumption rate was much more intense. And a guild like Silver Sword was full
of members with phantasmal level equipment, which required phantasmal
materials as well.
Apart from the maintenance of equipment, they also needed to take note of
expendable items. That was the case for William's Holy Crystal Comet arrows.
The powerful arrows were made by craftsmen from phantasmal materials. A
skilled craftsman could make 500 arrows from Holy Rainbow Quartz. But 500

was not enough for consecutive battles like these. William had already
expended 2000 of the 10,000 he had prepared. Other diminishing expendable
items included potions, balms, talismans, and scrolls.
This meant that the supplies for raid battles were gathered from other raid
battles, a vicious cycle.
To upkeep the equipment you got from raid battles, you would need to get
materials from raid battles. By going through such cycles, you would obtain the
power to challenge harder raid battles. If you succeeded in challenging a higher
level raid, you would get even better equipment. And to maintain them, you
would need to continue fighting difficult raids.
Historically, raiding guilds would periodically conduct raids of a lower level in
order to maintain balance in the cycle. The purpose was to resupply. But with
the Fairy Rings out of commission because of the Catastrophe, it was difficult to
visit the raids spread all over the world. And even if that were not an issue,
Silver Sword was a proud battle guild. Unless there was a pressing issue for
resupply, they would rather not visit lower level raid zones.
William had kept on fighting after the Catastrophe.
He did not regret it, but he had exhausted a large portion of his resources and
materials. In terms of Full Raid battles, William was confident that this group
was the strongest within the server. But their finances were in a pitiful state.

"I have resources prepared from Akiba as well."
"How long will it last us?"
"Adding it in, we can last for 20 more days."
Shiroe replied bitterly. William heard that Log Horizon was a small guild with just
8 members. Supplying the elites of Silver Sword for 10 days was amazing. But
that didn't change the situation. Downing 2 bosses took 3 weeks, and twice that
number in 20 days would be hard. From past experience, bosses would get
harder in the later stages.

And William had another concern.
Which was the origin of the man before him.
The silent Shiroe who seemed to have many secrets hid his true thinking behind
his expression.
This zone itself was unnatural.
'1st of the garden' Vandemi.
'5th of the garden' Elraider.
Even without seeing the other bosses, William could take a stab at their names.
Probably '2nd of the garden' Mezarakurau, '3rd of the garden' Ibura Habura and
'4th of the garden' Tarutaurugar. The bosses guarding this zone were the pride
of 9 Great Prisons of Heroes, having the same form and name as their
administrator. But they were not totally the same of course. In the expansion
pack Heart of Fantasy, they were known as '1st of the prison' Vandemi and '5th
of the prison' Elraider. The raid bosses took the form of winged snakes and of a
white horse which you would never forget. They made their appearance again
after a slight change in name and color palette. They had also became stronger
and discarded their old fighting patterns.
Games that recycled character data were common. This zone was just one of
many examples. There should be some lore behind them if this world was still a
game.
Shiroe had not divulged the things he was hiding for some reason.

He was not in a position to nag at others.
This was William's true feeling.
He did think his group was wrong. He had no regrets over leaving Akiba or going
through multiple raids in the north. Although he had no qualms about it, he felt

that Silver Sword had distanced itself from the others. Man could not improve
just by avoiding mistakes. William didn't want to know about all that. He just
wanted to be the best and that would be enough. If his comrades felt
intimidated, he, William, could wipe away their worries with just a shout.
But he understood that he could not keep this up and had to face reality.
He didn't want to admit it, but William thought he might be wrong.
He was wrong to reject Shiroe's invitation and leave the Round Table Council.
William wanted to talk about this with Shiroe.
But William was not sure what Shiroe was up to, and it seemed Shiroe was
suffering from the secrets he was withholding. It was hard to lower his hold and
ask Shiroe to address his doubts. William was not an adult and he didn't want to
be such an adult.
He mocked his childlike pride. He also had thoughts thinking that this was just
fine.
The deteriorating supplies issue, fighting raid battles deep underground with no
ready means of escape. In this situation which was worsening by the minute,
what could he say to motivate his Silver Sword comrades? What could a loser
like him who had only taken Elder Tales gaming seriously since birth say to his
men?
William didn't think he could say anything. He was just going about this on a
whim.
He felt like a child waving a weapon around to show his bravado. But he should
make use of the weapon since he had one that was only natural. That was what
William decided as a gamer.

"What do you think, Shiroe?"

"About what?"
William scratched his head roughly when he heard that response.
He had no answer ready for Shiroe's query.
William also needed a chance. To take up the challenge or give up.
To prove that he was someone or to become someone. What was the different
between Demiqas who had lost his way and was picking fights wherever he
went and Silver Sword?
The chance was before him, in the battle. That's what William determined.
So he strove on despite the hardships.

Chapter 3: The Changing Battlefield
Part 1

"This is irritating."
Naotsugu complained.
He grabbed a rag from his bag to clean the stains on his Armor of Silver Oath
and Gaze of Lionheart Shield. He had already cleaned his equipment with the
waters conjured by the Summoners with their Undines. The filth from some
monsters was harmful to equipment, so cleaning up was important in the
aftermath of battles.

"What irritates you, Naotsugu-san?"
Tetora who was cleaning her flashy wand asked.
As members of the 2nd party, the duo spent a lot of their time together. Demiqas
was moody and moved alone, while Vuoinen and Federico spent their time
working with the other members of Silver Sword. Filling in as the strategist of
this raid, Shiroe worked closely with William and was often summoned by him.
This meant Naotsugu and Tetora spent a lot of time together.
"Maybe the stain will never come off. It might be a curse."
"What a creepy thing for an idol wannabe to say."
"For a super charismatic girl like me, it is my natural speech and actions that
made me popular. Because I am cute."
"Yeah right."

The expedition for the day hadn't ended. It was now noon, so they were taking a
break and preparing for lunch. They were doing simple maintenance on their
equipment by cleaning them by hand, but part of the reason was because
Naotsugu had nothing else to do.
"I am not talking about the equipment."
"Okay. So you are thinking about me?"
"No way."
Naotsugu denied without hesitation.

If you forced him to decide between like or dislike, Naotsugu would categorize
Tetora under the like column.
Chatting with her was fun and not a bother. She was a good partner when they
talked about nonsense. Speaking your mind without thinking was very
refreshing. It was silly but healing for the soul. He didn't talk about panties all
day because of his fetish.
"You look so down. Want to look at panties?"
"As if I'd do that."
"I think miniskirts are better than hot pants."
"Let's drop this topic."
"No I want to stick with this. Fufufu."

Tetora seemed to be plotting something as she stuck onto Naotsugu with a
smug face. Naotsugu then said 'Hey, back off, that's irritating' and peeled her off
of him. Being toyed around like that was troubling. Tetora was small and nimble,
crawling onto Naotsugu when he let his guard down. Naotsugu couldn't attack
her seriously so he could only react passively.
Tetora knew Naotsugu couldn't do anything to her so she didn't let up on
disturbing him. She was just teasing him. How mean of her. And she knew she
was cute, which made it even more terrible.
"I say, doesn't seeing panties make you happy?"
"Ah, what?"
She said it so naturally that it caught Naotsugu off guard and he didn't give a
proper reply.
"It's like a 'Wow'! That sort of feeling? When you see the panties of a cute girl
like me, you will be energized to work the whole day, like a high five with God!
Don't you feel that way?"
Tetora was not joking with Naotsugu, she was expressing her heartfelt thoughts.
Naotsugu had to agree with her words, but he refused to express this with his
attitude.
"Even if that's true, that's too arrogant."
"I understand this feeling more than anyone! I really am a natural idol! You are
allowed to let your heart race for me, okay?"
Tetora who was snorting her nose smugly was very impressive. Naotsugu had to
admit it. Not minding the other details, this Cleric was smiling all the time.
This was an important Moe point. Naotsugu strongly believed that a smile was
the greatest gift girls could give to the people around them.

And Naotsugu would think about Maryele when he was with Tetora.
Her smile reminded him of Maryele.
The frequency was high, even when Tetora was not around.
He was not after the wonderful soft pressure. But even so, it was really
troubling.
Life back on earth was much simpler. Naotsugu landed a job and his life was
getting stable. He hadn't had a girlfriend for a while, so it wouldn't affect his
future dating life. Although there were great aspects in the life of Adventurers, it
seemed more unstable when he thought about things like that. Running amok.
The feelings of Maryele were also important. On the flip side, it was not good to
drag it too long, Naotsugu thought as he scratched his face.

"Ahh, that's not how it is!"
"Wah!? Why are you yelling?"
Tetora who had sneaked to Naotsugu's side was shocked, falling to the stone
cold dungeon floor on her butt. Naotsugu waved his hands to play it down.
"Nothing, my bad, sorry." He pulled Tetora up with his hand.
Naotsugu's train of thought was disrupted and he lamented, "Well, such things
do happen in life."
"Naotsugu-san, you are like a grade-schooler who wrote a love letter to the
beautiful teacher on a test and was found out by your classmates."
"What is with this awfully specific comment?"
"Fufufu. So, what is the thing that is bothering you?"

Tetora's face told Naotsugu that she wouldn't let him run away. But it was a good
chance if Tetora wanted to talk about this. Naotsugu wanted to take advantage
of this misunderstanding.
"Ah, it's about Shiro." Naotsugu said as he faked a troubled expression.
Tetora's smug expression shone bright. This equated to Tetora saying 'Way to
go! How brilliant of me to ask the crucial question!' or something like that. Tetora
puffed out her chest like a hopeless idiot.
Naotsugu couldn't depend on Tetora's healing all the time.
The trouble was real, but Naotsugu pondered on how to put his thoughts into
words.
"Hey, lunch is ready."
Federico approached with a box-like container. It was filled with asparagus and
meat stew. Although Naotsugu was slow to react, Tetora received the box with a
smile and said, "Thank you, Federico-san!"
As expected of a self-proclaimed idol, Tetora was really popular. The raid group
accepted her as one of them in no time and treated her well. She probably had
fans, too.
Naotsugu could tell from the smile on Federico's mustached face as he said,
"It's my pleasure." He seemed friendlier than he looked from the way he
delivered the food. Demiqas and Vuoinen had probably received their share.
They were getting used to the duo from Silver Sword taking care of the menial
chores. Naotsugu didn't think that this would have happened.

"Eat up, Naotsugu-san. Remember to tell me what's up after this."
"Okay."
Naotsugu answered directly as he searched for a suitable place to sit.

This was one of the many small rooms in the Abyss Shaft zone. Small was a
relative term in this dungeon, the room was actually 15m by 15m big, about the
size of a mini sports complex. The giant pillar might not be grandiose, but was
still decorated by carvings. In terms of atmosphere, it had a religious feel to it
with the glowing light coming from the high ceiling.
There were lots of empty rooms like this around this area. The morning was
spent clearing all the monsters in the area.
A granite pillar stump of just the right size was used by them as a bench.
"Chow time!"
"Time to eat!"
(There is an amazingly large piece of meat in the stew,) Naotsugu thought as he
chewed on a mouthful. It was a pain to explain. The core of the problem lay with
Shiroe, but things not going smoothly was just a gut feel.
Simply put, Naotsugu didn't understand why Shiroe was so troubled, that was it.

But this human known as Shiroe worried too much and burdened himself with
too much work and responsibility. That's why people other than Naotsugu
thought Shiroe wore a bitter expression full of worry all the time.
Naotsugu didn't think so.
Shiroe might have a sour face, but there were interesting things about him too.
There were times when Shiroe lazed around and broke bottles because of
clumsiness as well. He had seen him sleeping on the table with an 'I don't care
anymore' expression on his face multiple times.
But for those who were unfamiliar with Shiroe, he always seemed to be thinking
about complicated issues. He sometimes mumbled to himself but always solved
the issues in the end. Naotsugu found it hard to tell what Shiroe's limit was and it
was hard for him to explain to those around him.

Because his normal serious face was no different from his expression in a crisis,
Naotsugu couldn't explain how to differentiate between them. Naotsugu
understood, but it was more of a gut feel.
Shiroe right now looked more troubled than normal.
But that was just a gut feel.
And it was hard to explain.

"Shiro," Naotsugu said slowly, "How should I put it, seems to be in a crisis."
"Seems?"
"Yeah."
"Let's help him then."
Tetora skewered her asparagus and decided.
"Don't take this so lightly, it's hard to execute." Naotsugu answered.
"The world calls him Black Heart Glasses, but he actually has a delicate ego. Is
it okay to involve others? Will it be fine to work on this alone? That's what he is
thinking about."
"Is that so? He is mentally a shut-in."
"I can't deny that."
"He needs an idol!"
"That won't be necessary."

"So why are we in this super rural cave?"
(Because we need money,) Naotsugu thought, but knew that this was not really
an answer. Shiroe had no interest in piling up gold and watching it. Money was a
means to achieve something. That was the case with Crescent Burger. This
time, the purpose of getting the money remained unclear, so Naotsugu was
unable to answer.
He wanted to buy the bank zone for the formation of the Round Table Council.
His purpose was not in owning the bank. It was a negotiation chip used to
converse with the Adventurers of Akiba, a means to an end.
What did he want to do with the money? What was the meaning behind it?
Thinking back, Naotsugu did not hear of the plan from Shiroe. A man he could
trust without knowing everything, that's his friend Shiroe. But it was hard to
explain this to the third party Tetora.
(Reason, the reason...)
Naotsugu tilted his head as he thought. Inspiration struck.
"Just a guess, but it is to protect our home."
"Home?"
"I'm not talking about a physical building. I mean a place you reside in or
something like that."
"You mean a guild?"
"Not just a guild. I don't really understand either."
Naotsugu chewed on the bread he dipped in the stew as he thought about what
to say.
"In order to survive, we will need things to eat and have a roof over our heads.

And also, comrades. A place to live with them is necessary no matter what. That
means a family in the old world, but a guild in this one."
Naotsugu had been watching Maryele and the Crescent Moon Alliance for the
past 6 months.
A place for everyone to relax. Get up from bed, work, have dinner, play and
sleep after a hard day's work.
Most importantly, the warm and gentle smile that held all this together.
"But even a guild needs a home."
"Huh?"
Naotsugu tried explaining to the confused Tetora. Even Naotsugu was unsure
about this, digging this up from the depths of his own heart.
"Speaking of home that will mean Akiba too. Having a guild in an empty world
won't do. Because all sorts of things are interconnected. Even a guild needs a
home as well. Be it an organization that provides convenient services or a guild
of a friend. The places where we are interconnected with others need to be
treated with care too."
That should be it.
This was the reason that Shiroe was fighting so passionately for when forming
the Round Table.
"The city is a gigantic place belonging to everyone. If the city is suffering, all the
homes will suffer. In order to protect his home, Shiroe is willing to take on the
city or even more powerful enemies."
"... A home."
Naotsugu was worried about Tetora not getting what he was saying, but he saw

an unexpected expression. That was a smug, gentle and strong smile.
"It is important to protect our home. It is important for us wolves. Shiroe-san
must be quite a guy to command such expectations from Naotsugu-san... I
really mean it, he is more than what the rumors made him out to be. It's the
same for my guild, we are not sure what to do."
"Is Light Indigo not doing too good? I don't know much about the guild, but did
your numbers fall drastically after the Catastrophe?"
"Not really. In summary of our conversation, Light Indigo is not a guild or a
home. It is more like a holding place."
"What is that, an idol training center?"
Naotsugu asked in confusion. Tetora clapped her hands and declared "I am full",
then proceeded to poke at Naotsugu's face and continued.
"That's probably it. We are idols who exist to protect the homes in everyone's
heart. Following along is the right call! My charm radar is beeping here. I will
follow this raid to the end even if I have to leave Light Indigo!"
Naotsugu was not sure why Tetora was smiling so smugly, so he just replied "I'm
counting on you."

Part 2

"Haachoo!"
"Ara ara, what an unlady like way to sneeze."
"I can't help it, my nose itches."
Henrietta criticized Maryele's etiquette as they sat around a table in the warm
hall.
Henrietta surveyed the room looking for the source of the cold air, but the
Crescent Moon Alliance dining hall was as peaceful as usual.
The ceiling was high in order to accommodate all the members for meals.
Crescent Moon Alliance had over 40 members now, and it was not easy to take
in so many members. Nevertheless, they still prepared 2 big tables that could
seat 16 each. If they kept the chairs, all the members would be able to squeeze
in.
The rowdy hall during meal time was a quiet place for the guild master Maryele
and her confidant Henrietta to relax at night. It gave off a cozy atmosphere.

They went through many trials and difficulties in Akiba since the Catastrophe.
There were not just sad times, but also happy times that made you want to
dance. After going through all sorts of things, the city seemed to remember the
way it should be after the Libra Festival. It is a different kind of happiness
compared to the formation of the Round Table Council, but the expressions of
the people reflected the prosperity and peace they were enjoying.
Although the winter was harsher than in the original world, life remained stable
in Akiba.

Maryele thought so, too.
Maryele had endured much stress as a guild master for the past half year, but
she had started to relax recently. It was all because Henrietta said, "If you put on
a sour face all day, you will turn into a cranky grandma." During that moment
she was lectured, the members of the guild averted their eyes from Maryele.
She must not forget to smile, she had been too tense even though she didn't
mean to be.
She needed to reflect on this, Maryele sighed softly.
The lecturing party Henrietta seemed rather cheerful lately.
Asuka was helping Henrietta with the finances. Although she had to attend to
the Round Table Council frequently, Henrietta had found time to relax in the
afternoon.
The 2 old friends warmed their hands with the mugs as they took tiny sips of
cocoa.
"...? ...?"
"Ara, Nanami, what is it?"
Henrietta asked the young girl who was peeping in from the doorway. She
watched Maryele's side of the table, warily avoiding Henrietta.
The young girl joined the guild very recently and was still shy.
One source of her insecurities was Henrietta, who was trying to sip her cocoa
inconspicuously. But Maryele wouldn't miss the corners of Henrietta's mouth
which were cramping with a smile.
The day Nanami came to the guild, Henrietta was overjoyed, grinding the young
girl like a pay-per-use dryer. She tirelessly toyed with Nanami like a dress-up
doll, going through over 30 costumes. When Nanami burst into tears, her
protector Hien the Assassin protested Henrietta's action strongly. Henrietta

finally restrained her instinct to cuddle cute and small things.
Even though Henrietta was reflecting on her actions, Nanami was still
traumatized by the ordeal. She seemed ready to bolt at any moment.
"Want to sit on my lap?"
Maryele grabbed Nanami by her waist and put her gently on her lap.
The young Nanami was finally able to see the objects on the table up close.
The long table that could seat 16 was filled with Maryele's carpentry tools,
Henrietta's accounting books, 2 mugs of cocoa and things like bags. Henrietta
placed the carving knife into the bag for safety. Maryele was thankful for
Henrietta's attention to details.
As Nanami fidgeted on Maryele's lap with her eyes wide open, Maryele could
feel her mouth breaking into a smile. She couldn't express it properly in words,
but Maryele felt a motherly urge to care for her.
The atmosphere of the hall was warm and peaceful under the gentle glow of
magic light. They could see the 2 Chefs preparing dinner in a part of the kitchen
visible from the doorway. You could also hear the conversation from the corridor
and the greetings of comrades returning home as well as those welcoming
them.
Nanami smelled like freshly cleaned clothes. Maryele probably smelled the
same. For Maryele, this was like a bond between families.
"Want some cocoa? Or are you looking for Hien?"
Nanami was surprised by Henrietta who offered her mug with her head tilted.
Nanami looked up at Maryele, then the cocoa, and then at Henrietta. Henrietta
smiled and said "Take it" as she passed the mug to the stunned young girl.
Nanami carefully received the mug that was too big for her, and drank from it.

"!"
An impactful sense of sweetness.
Nanami face was frozen in surprise.
Among Adventurers, the girl knew surprisingly little of their old world. Everything
was amazing, and she desired to learn about it all. The amused members of
Crescent Moon Alliance doted on her and taught Nanami all sorts of knowledge,
but Nanami still liked Hien who she knew first the most. She looked unsettled
when Hien was not around, searching for the big brother she could rely on.
Nanami sniffed to confirm the smell of the cocoa she liked, and continued to
drink.
(We can educate her about such things slowly.)
Maryele thought as she took care not to let Nanami slip off.
Nanami who had been sipping the cocoa slowly suddenly froze.
Concerned about Nanami's troubled look, Maryele looked over and saw that
there was only a bit of cocoa left.
'I drank the whole thing, what I should do, this belongs to Henrietta!!'... She was
probably thinking something like that. Nanami was acting suspiciously because
she felt that she had done something wrong. Maryele smiled as she watched
Nanami.
"Don't mind her, Umeko won't get angry over something like this."
"But addressing me as Umeko will make me angry."
The icy retorts made Maryele feign fear. The face Nanami made as she stared
at the both of them was so cute that they laughed out loud. This interaction
affirmed that both Henrietta and she felt the same warm feeling, making Maryele

even happier. (My guild, the Crescent Moon Alliance, is a great home, a place to
be proud of.)

'... Hey! It's cold out here!'
These energetic words which didn't really serve as a greeting made Nanami
spring up and look around.
"That's probably Hien. He should be at the entrance."
Nanami didn't notice Henrietta's attempt to curry favor with her, so she simply
nodded with gratitude and leaped off Maryele's lap. Maryele caught Nanami and
let her down gently with a smile. Nanami then ran off with unsteady steps that
made them worry.
"Really."
"What is it?"
"I am jealous of how popular Hien is."
"That's because you traumatized her, Umeko."
"Ma. Ry. Ele."
The two of them broke out in laughter.
They had played around like this since old times, but this always filled Maryele
with joy.
"... So the sneeze from earlier was because of Naotsugu-sama, right?"
"Woo wah!"

Maryele only gained the upper hand momentarily.
Her friend who knew her so well approached her with a menacing smile.
"Was it Naotsugu-sama? Did Naotsugu-sama talk about you?"
"How would I know?"
Even in this magical world, detecting such things instantly was impossible.
"Alright then, why not ask him through telepathy."
Pushing aside the logic of the fantasy world they were living in, Henrietta forced
Maryele to a corner.
It might be a mistake to discuss matters of the heart with this dear friend of hers,
Maryele had already regretted this hundreds of times. Henrietta might be
working hard and doing a huge amount of work, but her interest in bullying small
girls and Maryele was so mean. Just like a scary mother-in-law.

"Boo~ Spare me~"
"Why?"
"Even if you ask, it is not convenient for me to say..." She was at a loss, averting
her eyes and becoming defensive. She intertwined the fingers of her hands
together.
"It's just that."
"Huh?"
"Telepathy once a day, at 9pm after dinner."

"..."
Maryele's words silenced the room as Henrietta digested the news. Finally,
Henrietta's sigh deflated in reply.
"Ha ah!?"
"I... I won't say it again!"
Maryele said as Henrietta made a rare expression with her mouth open wide in
the shape of a rectangle.
"Because, he is in a raid right? He is working hard! It is a matter of life and
death, he might die, okay? Naotsugu-yan is definitely soldiering on, Shiro-bou is
thinking really hard, so we can't disturb them. So we made a promise to only use
telepathy after they made camp at night..."
Henrietta sighed as she used her finger to press against her forehead.
Her dear friend seemed so rude. Henrietta didn't seem to understand Maryele's
well-meaning intentions.
"That's not what I am asking, well, maybe I was... So he has contacted you
every day?"
"Yes."
Maryele didn't seem to understand the situation and nodded her head.
"I will tell him about Akiba's condition and things about Akatsuki-chan. Well, I told
him about Nanami last night. Didn't we make new boots for Nanami? I told him
about it. I also told him how we bought the rubber boots together and about
Nanami-chan and Hien dancing at the entrance. That's right, I mentioned about
the tandoori chicken too. Naotsugu-yan said that he wants to taste some too.
Naotsugu-yan is so big and strong he can eat 3, right? It is spicy so he can take
4! We also chat about how great milkshakes are, so we should grab lunch
together some time. The time is up before I realized. Na Na, don't you think the

tandoori chicken is delicious, too, Henrietta?"
"Hah."
Henrietta stood up as if she were suffering from heartburn.
"What is it?"
"I, I need to send something to the Production Guild Liaison Committee before
dinner."
"Is that so?"
"Even if I am starving, I won't be able to eat dinner if this keeps up. Mary you,
really... how should I put this..."
Maryele bid farewell to her depressed dear friend walking out of the hall. This
was another normal day for Crescent Moon Alliance.
Maryele had unknowingly gained another point in the scoreboard inside
Henrietta's mind.
The fight here was as intense as a raid battle.

Part 3

According to the scouting reports, a set of dark purple armor was sitting
motionlessly in the middle of the giant basin-like arena. A Cannoneer used the
skill Lock on Sight to scan it from 100m away. The enemy was about 16m in
height, probably a golem or a giant.
The detection radius of a raid boss was special and wide. The arena would
probably turn into a battlefield the moment William's group entered.
The enemy was '7th of the garden' Ruseato.
This enemy looked similar to '7th of the prison' Ruseato he fought countless
times in the raid 9 Great Prisons of Heroes. The stats and tactics had probably
been strengthened while retaining its specialty. According to the reconnaissance
report of the scouting team, '7th of the garden' Ruseato probably had dual
modes of black knight and white knight. The memory of the 2 modes
interchanging as they attacked was still fresh on his mind, a difficult boss.
William raised his hand above shoulder level.
He knew the eyes of the raid group were on him.
They had convened a meeting before this. The scouting team attacked several
times, using their deaths in exchange for valuable data. The strategy built on the
information had been acknowledged by Shiroe of Log Horizon to have a '50/50
chance of success.' This number wasn't too bad for the first try.
With the preparations done, he felt a heat wave rise from his back.
William seized this moment and threw his hand down.
The troops burst ahead like water from the dam with the signal. The 1st party led
the way, leaping down from the audience seats which surrounded the arena.

They slid down the crumbling wall moving onwards, onwards.

The attack range of a monster was normally proportional to its size.
For Goblins which were less than 140cm in height, their range was several
dozen centimeters barehanded. Their reach could go up to 1 meter when using
kicks or equipped with spears. But for trolls which were 2m high, you had to give
3m allowance for the reach of their clubs. The humongous raid boss in front of
them definitely had an absurd attack range.
Silver Sword took Shiroe's advice and used 10m, 15m and 20m as a benchmark
to train their formation. They learned to gauge the distance through their sight
and feel, cutting down on error when estimating the range of the attack.
But that would be after they launched their attack. They needed to move into the
attack range of the enemy stealthily, with the tanks in the front and the
vulnerable mages and ranged attackers at a safe distance. They would need to
shift their distance, moving back and forth to stay out of the boss' range while
being close enough to attack. If they did not make use of the raid boss' blind
spot in their strategy, the rear guards would not be able to survive the raid boss
level attack.
That's how damaging a hit from the enemy was.
Dinkuron led from the front and charged into the 20m range like a whirlwind. '7th
of the garden' Ruseato came alive and stood up. Light from the red luminous
fluid flowing within the mechanical armor could be seen through gaps as it lifted
its oversized halberd up high. Dinkuron grit his teeth and raised his shield to
shoulder the strike. His effort paid off as the heavily armored Guardian from
Silver Sword endured the first attack of the raid boss.
The damage was slight, about 10 percent of his total hit points.
But that didn't mean the attack power of the enemy was weak. Dinkuron was
buffed by a protection barrier before the battle started. A high level Kannagi
could cast a shield which negated 4500 points of damage. This meant the attack
broke through the barrier completely and hurt Dinkuron. Without the protection

barrier, this attack would take out more than 30 percent of Dinkuron's health bar.
What a powerful attack.
But this was within their expectations. The dispelled barrier was recast.

The vanguard of the 1st party, Dinkuron the Guardian, was the toughest steel at
the tip of the arrow. Supported by multiple healing spells, the iron warrior made
his way to the feet of '7th of the garden' Ruseato and cast Anchor Howl and
Taunting Shout multiple times.
The fight started here.
"Begin the attack!"
William commanded from the 3rd party.
With the support song of Bards buffing them, all sorts of physical and magical
attacks rained onto the raid boss. It was hard to check the status screen in raids,
but there was definitely a stupendous number of debuffs cast on Ruseato. This
was the reason behind gathering all 12 classes for Full Raids. The same debuff
could not stack, but this could be overcome by using a variety of spells instead,
which worked wonderfully when fighting powerful enemies.
The consecutive attacks lit the sky; the earth trembled from the explosions.
Reuseato swung his humongous steel weapon in a 10m circle, attempting to
end all life within this range. This strike caused 2 deaths and brought several
melee fighters to the brink of death.
Even Dinkuron lost half of his health bar to this cruel attack.
But Silver Sword held the line.
Kannagi had the resuscitation spell 'Soul Call Prayer', which teleported dead

comrades to their sides before reviving them. A convenient spell which extracted
allies to a safe distance in order to heal them. Recovery was supported by the
Carbuncle conjured by a Summoner. The magic-attack classes had health
recovery spells too. They might be weaker than their healer class counterpart,
but it helped to relieve the burden of the healing specialists.
The healers other than the Kannagi prioritized healing the wounded. Dinkuron
did not back down as he went head to head against Ruseato.

The powerful strike that swept one round was probably the special attack of the
raid boss.
The members of Silver Sword would etch this blow into their memory. The
Summoner beside William squeezed a cute and fluffy Carbuncle and started
counting time. The sound reached the ears of all their allies.
Without exception, all special attacks of raid bosses had conditions.
The main condition was their recast time. Powerful attacks would not be
launched in rapid succession. Each skill had its own cool down time. It might be
10 seconds or 30 seconds, but it definitely existed.
As planned, the Summoner started counting to gauge the cool down time. But
he didn't neglect his attacking duties and kept his damage per second up.
When Elder Tales was still a game, the time was tracked by a 3rd party software
or just by a physical stopwatch. Every move of the raid boss was recorded for
reference and analyzed by the millisecond. With reference to the timer, the
attack damage, attribute, area, rate, animation, penetration, critical chance, all
these were taken note of.
The raiders would also share their information on the cloud service and discuss
it in the chatrooms. They would then try again with better tactics and strategies.

"18, 19, 20, 21..."

The hoarse but steady count of the male Summoner mixed with the noise of
steel on steel, clashes of the sword and the reverberating sound of thunder and
fire.
All the members focused on the count and the enemy before them.
Silver Sword continued to challenge raids in this world swallowed by chaos
using primitive and awkward tactics.
The strong guild of the past had fallen on hard times.
Covered in dirt and forced to the edge, they concentrated on the count and their
will for victory.
When the count hit 26, '7th of the garden' Ruseato's colossal halberd rose. The
horrible strike came again.
But William's comrades were fearless.
The Assassins and Swashbucklers leapt into the air.
The Bards and Druids pulled away like a spring.
Clerics buffed the defense of the tanks.
They handled the second strike much better.
The incoming storm after they started counting time was over, there were no
casualties.
The hit points of many players fell drastically, but they were on the mend with
the support of the healing team.
They made it through the 1st phase, they could handle the attack of the enemy.

William sneered with a violent look.
No. The raid boss covered with blade-like armor definitely had more attacks up
his sleeves. And he had not even shifted into alternate modes yet.
(But things aren't too bad,) William thought as he shot his arrows.
Before William realized, the words had escaped from his throat and he roared,
"Up the DPS! We can't win this if we hold back, weaken him!"

Huge amounts of arrows flew out.
Swords clashed, threatening to dissolve the formation. Flaming spells danced
and surrounded Ruseato.
William understood. All boss monsters had an incredible amount of hit points.
Just the number alone was enough to turn players off. For a first-class raiding
guild like Silver Sword, the level 94 Guardian Dinkuron had base hit points of
18,000. The raid boss had one or ten thousand times that amount of health.
If you viewed the hit points of '7th of the garden' Ruseato in the form of a health
bar, you could see how slowly the attacks were grinding his health down. It was
hard to even see the damage done when you looked at the health bar. Even so,
piling up all this minute damage was the only way to take him down.

"Look out below you!"
The shrill voice came from the bandit Federico.
'7th of the garden' Ruseato suddenly slowed his movements and a black mist
and ooze seeped out from his feet. Its wriggling movement covered the entire
floor of the arena in a hurry.
"It deals damage, attribute is poison! It hinders action, correction, hinders
movement! Attack speed and power are diminished!"

Dinkuron reported his findings. At his feet was the black ooze with weak
flickering lightning as it entangled Dinkuron's metal boots.
William hesitated for a moment.
It caused damage, but it was very slight.
The damage hit against the protection barrier causing sparks to fly, but was
weak as it didn't break through. Melee members with weaker defense than
Dinkuron did not suffer much damage, meaning the damage was low.
The damage was insignificant and hindered movement... As William's sense of
danger tingled, '7th of the garden' Ruseato started to move with heavy steps.
Dinkuron used Anchor Howl to stop him, but the effect was nullified. The armor
of Ruseato had a new nullify skills effect.
Wide area movement hindering effect with low damage.
When William realized its intent, he roared.
"Mass buff defense! Mass healing!"
This roar was like pressing a button, the team reacted on command.
Translucent hemispherical barriers, the dim glow of defense spell, the orange
light of reactive heal, all of that was blown away with one stroke. The metallic
armored body of '7th of the garden' Ruseato was like a weapon itself. The
towering machine leaped with the agility of a cat. The halberd swung close to
the ground, mowing through the members of Silver Sword.
But despite that.
More than half of the group survived.
The fearless sound of counting continued, ignoring the pain.

"Healers of the 1st hold down the front line! 2nd party retreat to recuperate! 3rd
and 4th lower output to 70%, prioritize resuscitation!"
William smiled, unable to hold back his joy.
He could smell the blood dripping from his nose.
The taste of iron in the blood that was the raid William was after.
The enemy was strong, beyond his expectations.
But William and his crew were still alive.
The battle was just beginning.

Part 4

Demiqas used Phantom Step to leap back 10m, exhaling the burning air from
his lungs. He recovered his health slowly through his passive skill Resilience.
The fight had fallen into a stalemate.
He grit his teeth as though he wanted to shatter them as he glared at the enemy.
Facing the '7th of the garden' Ruseato in dull purple armor, they had to endure
his abuse and keep on wearing him down. The information on this was correct
and the fight was going well. The melee warriors including Demiqas struck at
Ruseato's sturdy armor countless times, making deep marks on the armor.
These scars were like branches of a tree, covering Ruseato's whole body.
Suddenly, he started to shed, breaking out of his old shell like a hardboiled egg.
A Ruseato as white as a hospital's ceiling emerged from within.
The armor that dropped from his bleached body merged with the shadow at his
feet, forming into shadow warriors. These black, slender and featureless
monsters wielded giant battle scythes. They seemed 2 dimensional like pieces
of paper because of their dark appearance.
Demiqas dodged white Ruseato's beam.
A weak casual attack unlike the fierce strike from before.
Demiqas was ready to strike after recovering his hit points.
Silver Sword members grabbed this chance to move in and attack in waves, but
were intercepted by the shadow warriors. Their range and attack power were
much weaker when compared with Ruseato's, but they made that up with
numbers. A dozen of them had formed right now.

The group dodged Ruseato's careless attacks while destroying the shadow
warriors.
Even the main tank Dinkuron was unable to taunt this number of enemies.
Including Naotsugu who he couldn't get along with, they would need 5 tanks to
aggravate the enemies and keep them off the rest of the group.

The shadow warriors pushed forward like bugs attracted by the sweet scent of
honey.
Demiqas locked on to these monsters with Wyvern Kick.
Demiqas used his special skill Absolute Geheimnis, a gliding kick allowing him
to target any enemy in a 150 degree arc before him. By using this skill, he could
charge into the midst of the enemy in one move. This was not advisable in
normal conditions, as it was difficult to dodge the attacks of a strong raid boss
like Ruseato. It also left the healers behind him in a dangerous situation. But the
shadows before him were raid monsters, not the raid boss. Enemies with such
large and unwieldy weapons were a piece of cake for Monks like Demiqas.
Demiqas transformed into a green meteor with a crackling sound.
Demiqas looked like he was navigating the air on a skateboard as he burst
through the chest of a shadow warrior with his Tiger Echo Fist.
The raid mobs attacked with their scythes in retaliation. Demiqas parried away
the strikes with a backhand, pulled his knee to his chest and launched a
shadowless kick.
The enemies exploded like a watermelon falling to the ground.
But with every shadow warrior that fell, Ruseato would absorb their darkness
and recover a bit of health.
They were going back to square one.

The white Ruseato could heal itself.
The catalyst was the shadow warriors, existing just to buy time. The white
Ruseato would be able to recover enough health after some time and start
attacking again. Its armor would then be dyed black and it would launch
powerful attacks repeatedly.
The group could endure the torrent of attacks if it were just Ruseato alone. If the
shadow warriors teamed up with black Ruseato, the tanks would fall under the
shadow warriors' scythes after black Ruseato's powerful strikes.
The health of the group was supplied by the healers. Be it the protection barrier
of Kannagi or the reactive heal of the Cleric, there was a limit to what they could
do.
Fighting '7th of the garden' Ruseato alone had already pushed them to the limit.
They couldn't let the mobs live. But killing them would restore the health of white
Ruseato. Before they knew it, there were twenty odd shadow warriors, and the
raid had been pushed to the brink of failure.

Shiroe was the one who broke the stalemate. It irked Demiqas.
... The number of people who damaged black Ruseato was equivalent to the
number of shadow warriors.
This discovery allowed Silver Sword to pull themselves together.
Leaving the task of attacking to the powerful players, healers and supporting
members stopped their damage output. This way, they could limit the number of
shadow warriors that would form to a dozen when Ruseato activated white
mode.
The coward Shiroe who was directing from behind was an unforgivable target of
vengeance for Demiqas. Both Demiqas' pride and his guild Brigandia were
shattered by him. If those 3 hadn't come to Susukino, Demiqas would have

adapted to this world slowly.
That werecat Swashbuckler could be forgiven. That swordsman had waved his
rapier in front of Demiqas. But that coward didn't even look Demiqas in the eye
the whole time.
Shiroe acted as if he didn't remember Demiqas' name.
Demiqas still remembered Shiroe's expression back in Susukino. That man
showed no signs of worry when he saw Demiqas. Fine. Shiroe was strong, he
could tell from this raid. Then at least mock Demiqas a little, even a look of
disdain would be fine too.
But that Enchanter only wore the expression of 'how troublesome'.
Demiqas vented his anger on the shadow warriors.
He punched through a warrior with Lightning Straight.
After dodging with Phantom Step, he used Aerial Rave to launch his foe into the
air. He attacked its flank with a Wyvern Kick, and followed up the air combo with
another Wyvern Kick.

That was the extent Shiroe cared about Demiqas.
Demiqas would not rest unless he killed Shiroe, his fiery anger burned in his
lungs. He swore to torment Shiroe one day and make him regret being born into
this world.
But now was not the time.
It was regrettable, but his capability was limited. At this point in time, Demiqas
had to acknowledge that Shiroe was very strong. Not just equipment, his skills
were better than Demiqas' too.

When Demiqas took part in this raid, he wanted to backstab Shiroe in the
beginning. The training substitute for this was the monsters he was massacring.
He just wanted to uplift his spirit. His body felt lighter than before. Demiqas' fist
decimated the monsters, tearing through all the shadow warriors.
Just when Demiqas thought he had gotten used to the pace of the raid, he
noticed a symbol of a dagger circling around his wrist. This unfamiliar dagger
was Shiroe's Keen Edge... He realized things were different from what he
imagined. He was fighting at such a high level because of the buffing spell of
that man. He knew that this would help him by chaining faster and increasing
the attack power.
Just like what he was experiencing now.
A shadow warrior drew near and raised its battle scythe high.
There was still half a second of rigidity time left from using Wyvern Kick.
Demiqas should have taken the blow directly, but that didn't happen.
He might fail to notice sometimes, but Shiroe had cast spells to assist him ever
since they entered the zone. This spell seemed to be called Mind Shock. A
magic that used a shock wave to stun the enemy and blur their senses. Leaving
normal monsters aside, it would be a great help if it could stun the raid mob for
even a second. One second was plenty for Demiqas, leaping out of the
monster's attack range with Monkey Step and counterattacking with a Dragon
Tail Swing roundhouse kick.
Demiqas going all-out to decimate the enemy was within Shiroe's calculations.
Demiqas dropping out of formation and his roundhouse kick, all this valiant effort
was done under the watchful eyes of Shiroe.
This man did not have the power and skill of Demiqas.
What he could do was to mislead the enemy and cast buffing spells. Such
dependence on deception would not work on powerful foes.

More importantly, Shiroe could preempt what Demiqas wanted to do and provide
support without Demiqas even noticing. Shiroe could see right through Demiqas'
intentions. In a way, Demiqas had also grown if he managed to understand to
this extent.
(I will kill you one day.)
(I will do it in front of everyone.)
(I will smack you till your face is black and blue, you will regret this and spend
the rest of your life in tears.)
(First, I will obtain phantasmal gear in this raid...)
(Grind my level, refine my techniques...)
Demiqas leapt through the battlefield taking out one enemy after another.
His class Monk had short cool down time and had powerful attacks. His attack
power couldn't match that of weapon specialist classes, but his hit points and
abnormal status resistance were top notch. That's how he managed to roam
among the enemies and survive the onslaught of the raid boss, all the while
dishing out damage of his own. Demiqas was fired up, using his body to strike,
kick, parry and attack with all the skills he had.
The battle was progressing slowly.
Even when the enemy gained the upper hand, William would reorganize the
team successfully with his fiery will. Maintain the front lines with tanks and
healers, keeping the enemy debuffed. If he could bring out the full potential of
this formation, they wouldn't be wiped out so easily. If they could keep this up,
fend off the shadow warriors and grind off Ruseato's health, they would be able
to pull it off.
But this would take a while with many judgment calls they had to make. The
decisions required calm and focus, and needed to be made fast with little room
for error. Raids were a combination of all these actions.

Demiqas was heat.
Demiqas was fire.
Concentrating on dodging the attacks in front of him, breakthrough and eliminate
them.
He moved in on black Ruseato, trying to shatter its armor with thunder-like
punches.
His mind slowly became empty as he immersed himself in the heat of battle.
Compared to his days in the corrupted Susukino and his fight with Nyanta,
Demiqas was able to focus on the battle without distraction.

That's why he didn't notice the situation had changed until he heard the scream
from behind.
You couldn't blame Demiqas for being caught off guard. Even the veteran raid
members were surprised by this attack. The iron gates on the east and west
side of the arena were fully open. In the darkness beyond, the bearded frost
giant with white pupils, '4th of the garden' Tarutauruga and the fiery serpent, '3rd
of the garden' Ibura-Habura loomed.
They entered the arena, bringing a whirlwind of frost and fire with them. Their
target was the 4th party that was concentrating on Ruseato. The 4th party was
wiped out in a blink of an eye, the splash damage from the attacks severely
hurting the other parties.
Demiqas could taste the bile coming from his stomach after watching this
ridiculous scene.
This was too much.
Demiqas was fighting '7th of the garden' Ruseato right now.
He thought they should be taking them on one at a time.

They had to take care of Ruseato's minions in this raid battle, making this an
even fight. The balance could be destroyed by just adding one or two more
monsters to the mix, enough to wipe out Demiqas' group.
They were just getting the hang of it, even though their chance of victory was
akin to walking on thin ice.

But now there were two more raid bosses on the same level as '7th of the
garden' Ruseato.
Demiqas knew the truth.
They couldn't win this.
The problem was not with tactics or strategy.
There was an overwhelming difference in fighting power, dismissing all their
delicate preparation and hard work. If they had to take on 3 raid bosses, they
would need a 96 people Legion Raid army instead of a 24 people Full Raid
force.

He remembered the emotionless voice speaking from the depth of his ear that
said this before.
'... This world is no longer a game. The game has ended. Your time has ended.'

Just like Adventurers adjusting their strategy for the raids, the monsters could
also abandon their position and muster their numbers... That's what Demiqas
thought.
If Demiqas were the guardian of the dungeon, the first thing he would consider
was such a strategy.
Working together to destroy the Adventurers.

This was common sense, and it had happened.
In this arena with cruelty and despair frozen in, Demiqas could hear an inhuman
shriek.
A face the size of a billboard you saw in cinemas approached. The frost giant
leaned in as if he were falling and slammed his fist into the raid group. With a
splatter, a Summoner turned into a stain on the arena floor.
Demiqas could no longer hear the counting that calmed his mind.
Demiqas charged in like a tornado with a roar, knocking the surprised Shiroe
flying. After 3 or 4 somersaults, Shiroe was caught by Naotsugu in mid-air, out of
the attack range of the frost giant's club.
Look at how pitiful you are, coward. Demiqas mocked Shiroe.
Although his left leg was crushed because of this, it was worth it since he got to
see Shiroe's dumbfounded look.
'See if you can kill me, you bunch of cheating raid bosses,' Demiqas spat onto
the floor.
But both Demiqas and Shiroe were unable to escape from the hail of fire cast by
'3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura. Not just them, but also Naotsugu, William, and
Tetora. It was the same with the veteran warriors of Silver Sword who were
stronger than Demiqas, who were able to stampede through countless raids as
if they were killing bugs.

All the moisture was vaporized in an instant, the flames clearing all sense of
pain. The 24 man raid group was wiped out.

Part 5

Krusty exited from the goblin hut that smelled so bad that his nose was bent.
Even the renowned strong man of the guild was unable to bear the odor of the
goblins.
His lieutenant Takayama started to feel lightheaded when they made it half way
through.
Compared to the hut piled with dirty hay and filth, even standing under the
freezing winter sky was a hundred times better. Adventurers had strong
resistance to changes in temperature anyway.
It was the same with Krusty.
He relaxed his shoulders and left the goblin's lodging, there was nothing for him
there.
All the huts were all the same. A shallow pit was dug in the ground, a pillar was
erected and the roof and walls were made from branches and grass. There were
several such primitive huts arranged in rows for each settlement. This was one
such hut in the Silver Rack Mountain. There were countless settlements in the
mountains with about 50 huts each housing about 300 goblins.
Most of these settlements were like empty shells.
Krusty's army took out 30% of the goblins.
The 70% balance were probably gathered at the Citadel of Seven Falls ruled by
the goblin king.
It had been a month since the campaign began.
While Takayama Misa and the army marched through the area, they would scout

out the surrounding zones and verify the locations of the goblin settlements.
They would then plan their attack according to the intelligence they gathered,
the campaign was progressing slowly.
In the beginning, the consensus of the Round Table Council was that raiding the
Citadel of Seven Falls could be easily done. But the goblins in Eastal had been
reproducing and bolstering their numbers with the start of the Catastrophe,
growing to a colossal scale. This was a crisis comparable to a nightmare for the
People of the Land.
On the other hand, these goblins were not a threat for the Adventurers of Akiba,
at least for the level 90 players in battle guilds. There was a raid quest that
needed to be completed within the Citadel of Seven Falls, which Krusty was
confident of finishing in 2 days with a select group of Adventurers. Takayama
agreed with his assessment.
The goal this time was not to defeat the goblin king.
The mission was to ensure the safety of the People of the Land living in the
northeastern region. The root of the problem lay with the tens of thousands
goblins roaming the area. Even if they could take out the goblin king
successfully, they would still fail if the leaderless goblins spilled out from Silver
Rack Mountain.
The staff officers of the command unit, Krusty and Takayama, had deliberately
slowed their pace while traveling through the region akin to a hunting trip.
Dozens of Adventurer groups were patrolling Silver Rack Mountain, doing
reconnaissance and small scale battles.
They were herding them like fish into a net, using this battle plan to chase all the
goblins in the region into the Citadel of Seven Falls. For the goblins, they were
mustering their forces to counterattack. But for Takayama's group, this was just
a part of the plan.

Takayama headed into the valley with a ready water source by Krusty's orders.
The other members of D.D.D were investigating the area around the settlement.

From the looks of things, it was unlikely to find any goblins left behind. They
were relaxed as this was just a routine check.
Krusty and Takayama bashed through the foliage as they followed a trail they
had found.
This path was probably used by the goblins to retrieve water. But the goblins
were only 140cm in height, so it was hard for the 2 of them who were taller to
make their way through.
After making their way to the river, they squinted their eyes because of a gust of
wind. The cool wind seemed to sweep away any air of doubt. Takayama liked it,
but Krusty seemed to be unmoved.
Although she felt it when the Libra Festival ended, but Krusty seemed to be
getting more moody. Rieze might bite her handkerchief and worry about him, but
Takayama had been ignoring it. Krusty was a grown man, he would probably
feel annoyed if a woman were to worry about him, that's what Takayama
thought.
(No, it has nothing to do with being an adult or a child. Boys are delicate no
matter their age.)
Takayama used her work experience as a gauge.
Takayama had worked with Krusty for a very long time. She could guess what
the things he was worried about were. An approximate idea. Taking the chance
while they were out scouting, she chatted with him a bit.
"Milord?"
"Hmm? What's the matter, officer Takayama?"
Krusty reacted slowly as he looked at Takayama with thoughtful eyes.
"You seemed troubled recently. What's on your mind?"

"Hmm."
Krusty hid his mouth behind his fingers, deep in thought. Unlike the heavy
gauntlets he normally wore, he had put on leather gloves today. The armor he
was wearing matched his muscular body well. A guild master that looked great.
There were plenty of people who were fooled by his appearance, but this made
operations easy to run. With this in mind, Takayama probed further.
"Are you bored?"
Krusty gave Takayama a shifty look. He considered it for a moment, cleared
away his dignified expression and smiled wryly, lifting his arms in surrender.
"That's it. I'm bored."
"Please bear with it."
"I have been enduring it every day."
Takayama sighed.
It was just a wild guess but she was right.
Krusty had an intellectual look and took logical actions. He had the capability to
manage people and the charisma to match. Operating the largest battle guild in
the Yamato server was a real result he could be proud of. With 1700 members,
his guild was beyond the size of a small or medium enterprise in the real world.
But Krusty was not as perfect as he looked.
The young man who oversaw all sort of issues in the Round Table Council was
mischievous and bored easily.
This was only known to Takayama and the few pioneer core members, but the
reason why Krusty founded such a large organization was because 'I just want
to see what will happen if I succeed in doing it.' It was not meant to be a guild in

the beginning. It was a talent network which happened to be an important
element when creating a guild.
Krusty did it on a whim one day.
... This game Elder Tales was fun. But to enjoy the game, he would need to have
a large number of comrades he could have fun adventuring with. The game
developers knew this and had made similar statements. They included all sorts
of systems for the players to find companions to play with. But what if the
players come up with a better talent management system and use it to dominate
end game contents, wouldn't that be interesting?
That was why D.D.D was founded.
It was fine even if it were not a guild. He used the guild as a template because it
was convenient. When Elder Tales was just a game, D.D.D's activities were
communicated through voice chat and an official website. This system was
proposed by Krusty. Periodical management meetings and the system of
assigning manpower for raids were done the same way.
Krusty was interested in delegating command, letting 'each department plan
their own activities to achieve results', and was intrigued by such self-sufficient
groups. Hence, even though the guild was very large, it remained flexible
without bureaucratic red tape.
This continued after the Catastrophe too. With the formation of the Round Table
Council, Krusty used the chance to push the departments to be more
autonomous. As a result, he fulfilled his curiosity of creating a self-sustaining
guild, but his offhand approach meant that Krusty was getting less involved with
the guild as well.
Simply said, he had too much free time.

Takayama understood the temper of her friend, this was troubling indeed. Even
though Krusty was talented, it was difficult to spend time with him because he
was too capable. His excess abilities caused unexpected troubles and chaos
around him, for better or for worse.

It was a pain to handle a bored Krusty.
He was not a lawless criminal and in the end, he usually did more good than
bad. But the chaos he caused in the process gave headaches to Takayama and
the others. Takayama thought that he could restrain his 'boredom' after finding
Raynesia, but she seemed to have overestimated that young lady.
(Forcing this issue onto the princess is unreasonable anyway...)
When she thought about it, she felt apologetic towards Raynesia.
(I have to think of a topic,) she thought as she caught up with Krusty who was
wandering aimlessly by the river. He bent down and meddled with some
pebbles.
"Found something?"
"Not really..."
Krusty adjusted his glasses which moved when he leaned forward, inspecting a
pebble before his eyes. This was probably the tip of a broken spear.
The river meandered further downstream, there were stones bigger than the
fists of a child in the depths of the water. There was snow around the area, but
this might be a great and refreshing place for a BBQ in the summer.
Krusty kicked some pebbles and seemed to be on to something.
"This place appears to be a training area."
"Training, huh. This area seems to be well-tended."
Takayama replied.
At a glance, she could see the signs of stones being moved to the edge of the
trees. If she looked closer, she could find remnants of weapons between the

rocks and trees. This place had been used for quite a period of time.
She had never thought that the goblins would conduct training, but this was
normal if they wanted to start a war. But even so, she didn't think this would help
them much. The levels of the goblins were much lower than the Adventurers.
As Takayama thought about it, she noticed Krusty's gaze. She thought about it
seriously for a moment and got it in an instant.
...The goblins were training their strategy and tactics.
They had not considered this possibility before. Just like Takayama's group
plotted different approaches to raid the Citadel of Seven Falls, the goblins were
also preparing for battle in different ways. This world was not Elder Tales
anymore. Takayama cursed her own incompetence for not noticing this earlier.
"Milord, let's head back and break the news to the others."
"We need to send scouts to search the surroundings for training grounds and
their effects."
"That's right."
The two of them headed back towards the settlement after a short conversation.
They needed to meet up with Kugel and Richou's scout party first. Next would
be heading back to headquarters and giving the necessary orders.
It was already too late when Takayama noticed her Scythe vibrating gently. It
made a metallic sound in an instant and glowed red hot.
The recent performance of the weapon was strange.
It did not become weaker. Takayama felt that it had become stronger instead, so
she didn't send it for repairs. But sometimes it would vibrate during battles, and
heat up for no reason.

Takayama looked confused as she drew out her weapon to inspect it. This
action was done automatically without much thought

But Takayama felt a truck had run over her hand, so strong that she was certain
the bones in her arm were crushed. Takayama's eyes opened wide, seeing a
dark red sphere enveloping Krusty who had snatched the weapon away from
her.
The weapon emitted a red glow, and a bizarre force field was sucking everything
into its twisted core.
The bored D.D.D guild master was in the center of the sphere.
Krusty pushed Takayama away with his other hand, but Takayama didn't
remember asking him to do that, reaching out desperately for Krusty. She
pushed her right hand into the twisted space.
But with a sharp crack, Takayama was left alone in the silent night.
Takayama's right hand, her old friend Krusty, and the scythe named 'Calamity'
were gone.

Chapter 4: Guild Master
Part 1

This appeared to be a street on a late night.
But the surroundings were bright, the street lights casting a long shadow of him
on the ground.
Shiroe thought it was late at night because the shutters of the shops were
closed and there was no one around. It was unbelievably quiet.
After passing through a McDonald's and a mobile shop, he lowered his gaze as
he went by a floral shop's sign board. These were scenes he had grown tired of.
There was no sign of people in this silent street.
Shiroe was walking on a street that was an hour away from Ikebukuro by train.
According to the locals, it was near a station that was forcibly included into the
Tokyo subway line. Stations with similar names with prefix 'north' and 'south'
could be found around the area, a sign that this was a suburban satellite town.
Shiroe was born and raised here.
But this city built on lies was a stranger in Shiroe's eyes.
The population in this new city was vast.
It was full of facilities meant to bring convenience to the residents.
But the distance from the inner city was awkward. For example, the citizens
would make their way to the inner city for electric appliances, clothing, and
entertainment, so there were no shops worth mentioning here. That was the sort
of place this was. It was convenient and had everything. But when you really
wanted to find something, you couldn't.

It could not be viewed as a mini city, it was akin to a supplementary space for
Tokyo, a place without its own heart.
Shiroe's parents moved to this town after marriage. A two story house that
wasn't too big or small with plenty of other similar buildings in the area. Be it the
residence, station, the leftover farmland, or the trees, they were all
unmemorable and ordinary sceneries that could be seen all over Japan and
were fading slowly.
There was nothing worth protecting in this town without its own heart, so it
changed slowly over time. Even the people that frequented the station building,
shopping mall, and the shops changed periodically. The residents also changed
at a high rate.
This was also reflected in Shiroe's circle of friends. Shiroe felt that it was a
waste for one-third of the elementary school classroom to be empty. They
planned for this amount of students. Shiroe didn't know if this was the effect of
the aging population or the city planning estimate being way off. From
elementary to middle school to high school, his classmates were ever-changing.
Looking back, this could be viewed as the metabolism of this new town. The
young Shiroe felt that the world was blurry and untrustworthy and that people or
things going missing was nothing abnormal.

(Speaking of which...)
He raised his head as he recalled something.
There was a small place called Brinjal Curry around here. The candy house,
wallet shop, and fruit store were right beside it. That was a place he frequented
with his friends when he was in high school, a cheap and memorable place.
The signboard that had a dubious drawing of an Indian was gone.
Shiroe was puzzled for a moment, but remembered with a hint of loneliness.
He carelessly forgot that the Indian curry house closed down. It was replaced by
a beef bowl cafe for a few months and then taken over by a ramen franchise

with a flashy signboard. Shiroe remembered seeing that when he went home
during college vacation.
He went into the ramen restaurant once and would not want to taste the
disgusting food ever again.
Even though they went out of business, Shiroe still wanted to try the taste of the
curry house one more time. The owner was an Islamic person speaking with a
Yokohama accent and did not look like an Indian. The curry was Japanese flavor
instead of Indian style (it tasted like Vermont instant curry). It was priced
reasonably and came with a large serving of eggplants, not a bad place to eat
once in a while.
(It's a pity it closed down.)
He sighed as he lifted his head to look at the shop, the flashy signboard of the
ramen franchise restaurant with black and red words... Shiroe stopped and
observed the shop carefully. On the roller shutter was a sign saying they were
closed on Wednesday. The restaurant was usually decorated with lots of flags,
but it was quiet now. He could not make out what the sign above the shop was
saying, it was all a blur to him.
Shiroe scratched his cheeks and came to a conclusion.
(So this is what it means to lose your memories.)
Shiroe had forgotten what this ramen franchise was called.
"So that's how it is."
It was not too surprising.
He already expected this, and he didn't feel like it was a major loss. Memories
were fragile, disappearing like the items inside a treasure chest with a broken
lock.
He remembered the scene of Silver Sword failing in their challenge.

He understood the risk of dying in a raid. Normally, raids needed to be
challenged multiple times to accumulate experience, recalibrating their strategy
in order to emerge victorious. Unlike the fight against the Sahuagins and
goblins, the opponents were around his level, so failure was within expectations.
Shiroe felt a troubling sense of loneliness.
This faint emotion was nostalgic.
It filled the life of the young Shirogane Kei.
It was the same for elementary school, middle school, and after.
Before he realized it, Shiroe was holding on to these feelings as he took a night
stroll.

He had lived in this town from birth 'till high school but he could only read 20% of
the signboards clearly.
The ever-renewing population came into brief contact with Shiroe before
disappearing. But from their perspective, Shiroe was the one who disappeared.
A meeting so brief they barely left any trace. The trace would then disappear
from their minds completely.
By thinking rationally, it was Shiroe who forgot, while the shops were the ones
being forgotten.
But Shiroe couldn't help but feel a tinge of sadness as if he were betrayed.
Shiroe felt ashamed as he looked for an excuse.
His classmates from elementary and middle school had definitely forgotten
about him.
He didn't mesh well with his classmates due to missing classes. Since he spent

his time in the library 'till the evening, it was only natural for them to not
remember him. Even Shiroe could not recall his old classmates. This situation
overlapped with his memory of the shops, making him feel remorse.
Shiroe felt a wave of willful anger wash over him.
His hometown seemed to have everything, but it left no trace in Shiroe's heart.

Shiroe walked along the silent street illuminated by the mercury lights.
He just noticed he had left the downtown area and crossed the abnormally
deserted bridge. Shiroe strolled down the street leading to the elementary
school which was lined with trees. A shadow which was supposed to be a friend
rose from the ground, Shiroe didn't feel anything out of place when the petite
figure walked beside him. The two of them passed by the green Gingko tree and
the bench in front of the bus stop and continued walking under the night sky.
Shiroe was the only one moving in the streets, but he could hear the distant
sound of heavy vehicles driving by. With the growl of the wind in the
background, Shiroe walked on with his eyes on his feet.
Passing through a big park, Shiroe followed the meandering path aimlessly. The
park was lit by the soft glowing lights. As expected, there was no one here.
Tiles with drawings of fish covered the bottom of the man-made pond. It was
made shallow and wide to accommodate the children playing in them. The light
reflecting off the water surface made Shiroe turn away. Shiroe and the shadow
sat on a bench overlooking the man-made pond.

Shiroe concluded that this was a near death experience.
He died during his raid with Silver Sword.
According to the laws of this alternate world, he would revive at the entrance of
the raid zone. During the lag time before he respawned, Shiroe, who just went

through the bizarre experience of death, was watching a dream.
He leaned back on the bench and looked into the sky.
There were no stars in sight.
(So I ended up here in the end.)
Shiroe let out a lonely laugh.
Shiroe had spent countless nights on this bench. He grew up in a dual-income
family and would scowl impatiently when social workers asked why he was
alone in the park. He was a regular here.
He didn't really like anything here. He just had no other place to go. There was
just him alone in the house. The feeling of discomfort washed over him even if
he hid under his blanket. He was also afraid of the young men and women
dressed fancifully in the downtown area. In order to forget this unpleasant
feeling, the grade-schooler Shiroe made his way through the streets at night to
idle on this bench. That was the only way.
Although he didn't suppress his chest with his eyes shut like he did as a gradeschooler, the faint wound brought a silent certainty to Shiroe. He was certain
that he had failed.
Shiroe frequented here often in the past.
The adults commented that the young Shiroe was mature, smart, and exercised
self-restraint. That was why children about his age seemed irrational and
barbaric to Shiroe, creating a gulf with other kids. As a result, plenty of unhappy
things happened.
He squandered his classmates' good intentions.
Heartlessly slapping away the hand they offered him in good will.

He looked down on the kindness they showed.
He ran away from fights he should have stood up for.
He failed to comprehend the feelings and hardship of his parents.
All these were delicate irreversible failures.
The young Shiroe cried on this bench after every failure, promising himself to do
this and that. Sometimes he completed the task wonderfully and thought things
were going well. But as expected it was a failure, holding on to the feeling of
being defective as he sat on the bench.

'... Just die and you will understand. The incompetence, the bad side and the
ugliness of yourself. Die a hundred times and you will understand a hundred
times. They can't go on because it is too hard to face them.'

He recalled William's words.
He now knew why people gave up raiding.
Compared to losing his memories, a pain that felt more compelling and
unbearable.
Shiroe was familiar with this feeling and the meaning behind it.
If he would teleport here every time he died, that meant the city on earth Shiroe
grew up in had died before.
If this was what death meant, Shiroe had gone through it countless times.
That night when he threw away an important notebook, or that evening when he
slapped away the hand his friend offered him. The night when he was made to
say, "Be careful" with a fake smile, and the time when he bid farewell to the

library.
Death was the feeling of wanting to die.
Even though it had faded, Shiroe knew it very well.
It was the feeling he bore in his chest. Not just defeat, but the reopening of the
wounds of previous failures as well. Hadn't he tasted this many times? He had
gone through this enough times to not want to do this again. But before he knew
it, he ended up here again. He had lived over a dozen years, would he ever get
away from this bench? His doubt stuck to his back like a shadow.
His future seemed so far away.
After a dozen years, the amount of time was still beyond Shiroe's
comprehension. In this indefinite amount of time that he lived, would he keep on
repeating his mistakes?

He remembered Demiqas who grit his teeth and knocked Shiroe away.
Shiroe didn't understand why he did that.
Shiroe didn't recall doing anything that would prompt Demiqas to help him.
William offered his help after saying "Alright, no problem."
Shiroe could not comprehend why that young man would lend Shiroe his hand.
In Shiroe's mind the only thing he did was made William lose face.
He didn't know all sorts of things. He hated his foolish self.

The same with Naotsugu. Shiroe came all this way while holding back
information from his friends.

Shiroe was not wary of Minami. Shiroe was not guarding against Minami's spy.
He was already aware of the spy's identity.
Shiroe remained vigilant about an unknown third party.
He unclenched the fist he balled up unconsciously.

Other than Adventurers and People of the Land, perhaps there was something
else out there. He suspected it to be the Kunie clan, but it was not them. But this
'something' definitely existed.
Like ReGan said, Shiroe and the others were summoned to this alternate world
by a global-level spell. It was just a coincidence that the game and this world
were so similar. But was that really possible? Although the chances were not
zero, there should be a better explanation out there.
Shiroe recalled that the research and development of technology that could read
brain waves was ongoing. They were attempting to use brain waves to input
commands or perform simple communication with patients in a vegetative state.
According to the latest reports, they were able to view a person's dream via
video. The research was mainly conducted in the medical field, and would
probably move towards entertainment and space exploration by the next
decade. It was great news that caused quite a stir online.
But the research had not advanced to the practical application stage yet. Maybe
a secret international organization was researching in secret, experimenting with
inducing a game like virtual world among its subjects.
But it was something else for tens of thousands of Japanese to experience this,
that's just stupid. Also, Shiroe and the rest were not wearing any special
equipment.
There must be a better explanation for this.
Shiroe had endured the sick apprehension that something was wrong for the
past few months. This feeling was heightened when he heard about the Spirit
Theory from ReGan. Building on the basis of the concept, he violently probed

into the darkness with his imagination and thinking.
Shiroe used the convenience of the Round Table Council to request all sorts of
research.
Roderick came up with the possibility of flavor text becoming reality. Soujirou
found out about the changes in the ecology of monsters. Michitaka investigated
the flourishing vegetation in the south. Charasin surveyed and collated
information of rumors in the League of Freedom Cities Eastal.
The investigations revealed heaps of evidence that a third party existed. This
strengthened Shiroe's suspicion. Something coincidental that they 'just
happened to think of' was also evidence of the third party's activity.

(But I can't use those things as an excuse. I was taking it too easy. I stopped
searching, bound by fear.)
There was so much more that Demiqas could do. The same with William.
He should have confided with Naotsugu. And Nyanta too.
Shiroe's worry had brought so much trouble to the people around him. He knew
all that, but wasted the chance because of his lack of effort.
People important to Shiroe must be waiting for Shiroe there. The wind blowing
tonight was like an invitation for Shiroe to return back to his guild.
They were living proof that Shiroe was cowardly and lazy, and pushed others
away.
Shiroe stood up, determined to return to the others.
He would be letting everyone down if he couldn't even do that.
And he owed Kinjo an apology.

Shiroe was suspicious and did not say his piece.
What a pity. He should have shared everything. For the sake of the future Shiroe
believed in, he had to convince Kinjo. As a fellow human being living in this
world, they should discuss the pressing issues together.
Although he had no basis, Shiroe felt something staring at him. And that
something had always been there since the Catastrophe happened.

Shiroe who stood up on reflex heard a familiar voice for a moment.
A whisper hinting on an upcoming meeting.

Part 2

Shiroe felt a brief moment of vertigo and found himself on a white sandy beach.
The sunlight reflected off the clear ocean.
The waves rolled in slowly, making faint sounds as they washed to the shore,
leaving foam in their wake.
The ocean met the sky at the horizon and extended as far as the eyes could
see.
Shiroe was surprised by the crunching sound he made when he took a step.
He started to walk along the pure white shoreline, looking at the flawless beach
in awe.
He couldn't do anything by staying here, something seemed to be guiding him
on.

Shiroe lifted his head as the wind blew on his face. A shadow loomed from
behind and took to the sky.
What kind of seabird had such beautiful wings?
The bird frolicked with its mates in the dark blue sky.
Looking at them gliding in the air, Shiroe was reminded of a novel by Richard
Bach. The birds flew like seagulls, flapping their wings wherever they went.

(Speaking of which, what an amazing place this is...)

He had no impression of this even though this was a near death experience.
Did he come here when he was young, he wondered. He read somewhere that
humans who had forgotten about things had simply lost their means to recall
these memories. These memories were encrypted into the nerve cells and
synapses of the brain so they couldn't simply be retrieved unless the human
could break the encryption. Shiroe thought about complicated matters, but he
still couldn't remember this place.
But, even though he had no memory of ever coming, it was still a beautiful
place.
The clear winter skies and the sand dunes which extended all the way into the
air.
The cream colored beach formed a perfect contrast with the aquamarine ocean.
Shiroe walked along the shoreline alone.
The footprints he left in the white sand looked like they could have been left
behind millions of years ago. They were a record that followed Shiroe's path.

Maybe he had left it behind at the park bench, or it was simply swept away by
the silvery sand under his feet, but Shiroe's sense of helplessness no longer
lingered in his chest.
Only a faint sense of guilt still remained. It was a debt he knew he had to return
after he respawned.
Shiroe walked for a long time, looking out into the ocean as he organized his
thoughts.
Light rippled in the sand with every step he took.
A clear crystal sound raised Shiroe's doubts.

The heavenly body that illuminated the beach was a sphere of blue covered with
clouds, something he had only seen in photographs. He thought it was the moon
at first, but it was bright enough to light up the sky, a blue planet.

(... Is this the moon?)
As he looked around him, this appeared to be the correct answer.
The sand dunes that were like parched dragon bones and the turquoise lights
surrounding him. This was a scene out of a fantasy.
Shiroe checked the name of the server hastily and was convinced this was the
rumored 14th server.
The name of the server was Mare Tranquillitatis.
It was not registered on the auto translation system. Taking the original text into
consideration, this place should be called Sea of Tranquility.
This was probably the test server of the Ataruba Corporation which was filled
with content that was in the midst of development. He chanced upon this place
because of the Catastrophe, but Shiroe was not sure if there were other ways to
this place other than through death.
With no means of finding out, Shiroe was thankful that he could still breathe as
he explored the depths of his memories.

According to the Half Gaia project, the earth-like world of Elder Tales was
divided into 13 servers. This meant that the 14th server was an unofficial test
server.
Despite this, it was open to the public.
Players could freely create characters on this test server. Avatars created on it
could not be migrated to the normal servers. They could only be used to explore

the endless dungeons and the wide underground world of the test server.
This was a win-win situation for both the players as well as the developers.
Players with basic knowledge of the Elder Tales were excellent debuggers,
pointing out bugs and errors in the system being developed by the company for
free. Apart from helping with the balancing of the damage and effects of new
skills, it also helped garner feedback from players on improving the gaming
experience.
For the players, the test server allowed them to experience changes that might
be implemented into the game in advance, such as the combat system balance,
new skills, items, monsters, and how all these changes would affect the game
environment. Being a test server debugger was the best way to obtain first-hand
information on the new system.
The success of the test server was only possible because of the benefits both
parties mutually enjoyed.
While AtarubaCorporation (North America) developed the original Elder Tales, its
consequent global updates and versions were the fruits of the test server and its
many debugger-players.

Shiroe had an alternate character in this test server.
That avatar was a female Summoner, so the Catastrophe happening to his main
account was a good thing.
Although Shiroe was quite knowledgeable about the test server, he wasn't
aware that there was a 'surface'. Such information could not be found on
international sites either.
As its name suggests, it was an environment created to conduct tests.
The test server Shiroe knew was a collection of dungeons identified only by
numbers and the concept of temporal continuity did not exist as old and new

versions coexisted at the same time.
When he thought about it, the fact that players couldn't log on to the test server
the week before a beta-release of an expansion pack was probably because
administrators were tasked with implementing the upgrades.

Shiroe chewed on the information he already had, but was unable to come up
with new theories.
He had never heard rumors about being transported to the test server when one
died.
Had any other Adventurers noticed that this was the test server?
Shiroe thought that it might be possible.
Since the Half Gaia project didn't encompass the test server, did that mean it
was situated on the moon? Such topics had been brought up in overseas
forums several times, but were not common knowledge among Japanese
players.
Shiroe wouldn't even have known Mare of Tranquillitatis meant the Sea of
Tranquility without this background knowledge. The name was in Latin after all.

As Shiroe thought about this, he noticed a figure looking up at him from a very
close distance.

With the sound of digital noise, a figure appeared. The figure belonged to
someone Shiroe was very familiar with, Akatsuki.
The young girl in a caramel jacket gazed up at Shiroe with a mixed or troubled,
wary and pleading look.
She reminded Shiroe of the shy stray cat that kept on running to his side.
Shiroe nodded, calming Akatsuki down.
He knew that smiling at this elegant lady would turn her pout into a very gentle
expression.
A happy and satisfied smile with a bit of shyness.
Shiroe started to walk on the beach, an invitation for Akatsuki to join him. He
wouldn't be able to get more information by staying here, and Akatsuki who was
twirling by the ocean seemed eager to move on.

The couple took their time walking along the beach.
They couldn't sense any hostility in this place, but this was a whole new world
for them.
Shiroe was watching the surroundings carefully while Akatsuki was taking it
easy.
Akatsuki turned around watching their footprints in the sand.
Shiroe stopped and turned back. Akatsuki caught up effortlessly with weightless
steps, running circles around Shiroe.
The couple continued to advance. Akatsuki led sometimes, played with the

waves once in a while or pointed at the birds flying gracefully.

The caramel coat suited the cute swallow-like lady very well.
Maybe it was cold, but her face appeared to be slightly red and she would hurry
to the front at times.
This must be the world of Elder Tales. With its clear skies and carefree sound of
the wind that was unique to the outdoors. It created a symphony together with
the waves, forming the background music to this world, with only the footfalls of
the couple audible.
Akatsuki seemed to be afraid of something as she slowed her pace and fell
behind.
Shiroe waited patiently for Akatsuki.
He was not bothered by the wait.

Suddenly, shiny snowflakes fell from the sky.
The scenery was white all around, be it the sand, the sea, Shiroe or Akatsuki.
They were all showered under the white glow.
Shiroe reached out and attempted to touch it, but his chest hurt as he was
reminded of the fragility of his dreams.
Just like touching snow as a child, he couldn't grab and observe it even if he
wanted to.
Shiroe nodded at the wide-eyed Akatsuki.
The two of them were looking at an unbelievable sight.

They were going through an incredible experience.
It brought an unfounded sense of quietness and satisfaction to Shiroe.
Fear, anger, and regret all melted away in this wintery seaside. The two of them
were speechless in front of this sight.

"This is such a quiet place."
Shiroe said as he stopped at the cove with clear blue waters.
"Yes."
Akatsuki beside him answered.
Although it was a short exchange, Shiroe could feel the sense of awe from the
sound of her voice.
The toll of a bell sounded from the other side of the sea.
It sounded like an unknown race that had spent tens of thousands of years
alone signaling to its comrades.
Shiroe had no basis for this conjecture, but he believed this cove was a special
place.
Akatsuki trembled slightly, sighing sadly.
Right then, Shiroe remembered that Akatsuki was also experiencing 'death'.
Although it was temporary, 'death' was still 'death'. It fell onto Akatsuki miserably,
leaving a mark. It must be painful, full of humiliation and regret.
But Akatsuki was more mature than Shiroe imagined, her eyes filled with

strength.
If this would teach him the meaning of 'death' just like William suggested, Shiroe
had the obligation to not waste this lesson. Shiroe swore an oath in his heart.

If this cove took away memories in exchange for teaching Shiroe the meaning of
death, then he could offer them himself.
Shiroe made a wish.
In order to become a better person than yesterday, it was a necessary ritual to
move beyond regrets and work towards his goals.
Shiroe took out a small blade from his pocket and cut off a piece of memory.
Akatsuki followed Shiroe's lead and cut off the tip of her ponytail, letting it fall
into the sea.
The falling snow and the blue seas were all fragments of memories.
The soul in liquid form played the symphony of the waves.
The tears of Adventurers who did not make it to this cove congregated in this
ocean. It was not an assumption but a belief. Shiroe could see the Spirit Theory
at that moment.
A tiny hand grabbed Shiroe's coat.
Shiroe didn't look away from the sea and muttered, "Amazing."
Both Akatsuki, who was nodding, and Shiroe calmed the excitement in their
heart as they looked out into the sea.
"Did you fall, Akatsuki?"

Akatsuki looked surprised by Shiroe's words and nodded gently.
Akatsuki raised her head and opened her petite mouth.
She wanted to speak.
But this was very difficult for the young lady. No matter how hard she tried, her
mouth closed into a line.
Instead of sorrow, Akatsuki's tearful eyes were filled with regret. Akatsuki
withheld the pain in her chest, keeping it away from Shiroe.
Shiroe's heart ached as he looked at her. Akatsuki failed after taking on a tough
challenge. Shiroe wanted to help her, but he was not by her side.
"Is that so? I am the same too. I died."
"You too my lord?"
"Yeah."
He could see that scene when he closed his eyes. He could hear the steady
counting of Silver Sword.
The clashing of blades, the burning inferno and freezing gale magic.
He was not regretting because of failure.
Shiroe was regretting not giving his best. Not accomplishing the things he
should have done.
But Akatsuki's eyes were bright.
She might have failed, but she was not giving up.

Shiroe didn't know what had transpired, but he sensed that Akatsuki felt the
same way as he did. This pain was Akatsuki's treasure. The determination to
take back her glory.
So there was no need to console her.
"I failed. My forecast was too naive... I didn't put in my trust."
He didn't speak more than necessary.
He held back in offering assistance.
He didn't do his best.
"I'm not sure."
Akatsuki sounded like she was on the verge of tears, tempting Shiroe to say
something. 'No worries. I understand. Akatsuki did her best, I know very well.
You are a little lost now, but a detour is necessary for Akatsuki.'
But Shiroe couldn't say all this right now. The young lady was still battling.
Shiroe was also fighting. The raid battle had not ended for either of them.
"This is strange. I never thought I would meet Akatsuki here."
"Right. My lord, this is strange."
He touched Akatsuki's small forehead. He prayed that he could convey the
things he was unable to convey over to her.
Shiroe couldn't erase the past. But as Adventurers, they could rise and take up
the challenge again.
"That's why, I want to try again."

"I want to have another go too... That's what everyone taught me."
Countless snowflakes fell from the sky.
This world was made from countless memories, forming a horizon with no end.
Understanding this made the world shine brighter.
Shiroe could hear the sound of waves from far away.
Light flooded the whole area, drowning Shiroe and Akatsuki to their toes.
Shiroe smiled at Akatsuki. Their time here was ending.
But they would definitely meet again.
The hand Shiroe was resting on Akatsuki's head fidgeted, he felt troubled. If it
were the norm, Akatsuki would have given him a flying kick, admonishing him for
treating her like a kid. But the kick didn't come and Akatsuki had a serious
expression, so he missed the chance to let go.
Akatsuki looked as if she wanted to say something. But her voice was
overwhelmed by the sound of flowing water. He could feel the touch of her silky
hair lingering on his fingers.
Shiroe was definitely saved by her gentleness.

Part 3

William opened his eyes and stared at the sky-high ceiling.
A painful and hoarse sound leaked from his throat.
He know how pitiful he looked, but he couldn't stop himself from moaning. He
rubbed his eyes violently. Their moisture was obvious to the touch.
He cried like a child. His pitifulness made him feel deflated.
The number of groans he could hear around him increased.
The members of Silver Sword respawned one by one.
This was the entrance to Abyss Shaft, the starting point of the zone.
William's group was wiped out and respawned here.
This was what happens when you were annihilated in raids, different from
normal death.

Three raid bosses appeared at the same time and decimated William's group.
Two things were clear to Silver Sword.
First, there was no way to win this fight.
Raids were balanced in difficulty, allowing players of similar levels to win by a
tiny margin. Guilds trained repeatedly and equipped their best items to duke it
out with the boss, only to win by a hair in the end. That was what raids were
about. For a fight with 3 raid bosses at the same time, it was no exaggeration to

say that the chance of winning was zero. They knew this very well because they
had gotten used to raid battles.
There was no chance of winning this.
The dark despair filled William's heart.
And the second point was... unbelievably grave news. If raid bosses could ally
with each other, this could happen anywhere. Silver Sword wouldn't be able to
win any other raid battle in this world.
If the quest level was low, for example level 50, they would be able to handle it
even if there were 2 raid bosses. But that was not the raid battle William had in
mind. They were not a group that found joy in bullying weaklings.
William and the others wanted to challenge raids of the same level, a hotblooded raid battle, but their hope for this had been destroyed.
William breathed out a sigh of cold air, feeling a sense of fatigue tormenting him.
He could say the same for his comrades. Low spirited grunts could be heard all
over the place.
Everyone in Silver Sword should have reached the same conclusion as William.
The world had denied William and his group.
William forced his withered body up. What he saw was the defeated Silver
Sword. This was not the time to joke that he was unwilling to let his comrades
see his pathetic side. It wouldn't be so hopeless if they were simply wiped out.
The other members' hearts were broken, lacking the strength to even stand, just
lying down or curling up in a ball, suffering and devoid of any strength.
Physical pain was not lethal to Adventurers. But the scar of being abandoned by
this world was burned onto their souls.

He heard the sound of sniveling. It was the pathetic sound of adults crying.
William understood why. William experienced it too.
Memory loss was trivial. Compared to the safety conscious D.D.D. Compared to
the elite team of Black Sword Knights. Compared to the annoying egalitarian
Honesty. William was certain that Silver Sword had been wiped out the most in
the entire server.
He understood his blunders and deficiencies the instant between deaths and
respawning, freezing his soul. The chilling thoughts ground away his comrades'
spirits. Winning by a hair's breadth was fine. Failure was okay too, they could
heal, grow, and try again. But this failure they couldn't atone for and the regret
they couldn't wave off kept lingering.

Voices from his past filled his head.
(So, what is the use of this?)
(Eh... Games huh... Hmmph.)
(Still playing PC games? Isn't mobile gaming enough?)
(Staying home for the holidays?)
Eat shit.
William cursed.
(You won't go to karaoke even if we invite you.)
(So you talk to your PC? Wah...)
(Why not take up a hobby that will be useful in the future?)

(It's fine, there are people like this too. What's the harm?)
Eat shit.
William rubbed his face violently.
He wanted to stand up strongly, but his knees trembled shamefully.
He wanted to scream, but he had no words to inspire his guild mates. Should he
promise that they would be victorious in the next battle? He couldn't deliver that.
It was a lie. Should he ask everyone to cheer up and challenge another raid? He
couldn't do that either.
Or could he show a cold face and say "Let them say what they want"? He
couldn't do that. His comrades were in despair, he wouldn't be able to reach
them with those words.
William's mouth opened wide, his eyes wandering like a lost child.
He looked at Dinkuron. Toko. Junzo. Eltendisca.
He looked at his companions in turn.
And at his own feet.
William was speechless as he looked at the dismal state his guild was in. After
such a merciless beat down, he understood his laziness and incompetence. His
heart had sunk to the bottom, there was nothing left.
William searched frantically.
Words that he could share with his comrades.
But he couldn't find anything in his cowardly heart.

"Is this the end?"
He heard a murmur.
He didn't know who, but it was definitely one of his guild mates. From a corner of
this spacious hall. All the members who heard held their breath. This was what
everyone was afraid to even think about.
The doubt forced William into a corner.
'... Let's return to Susukino and be a charitable guild that upholds the peace.
The People of the Land will be grateful. This is a dog-eat-dog world. Life is
especially hard in Ezzo Empire with all the monster attacks. The people have
their hands full just staying alive. In Susukino, Adventurers just need to be
gentle and polite to enjoy enormous popularity. Hanging out with the People of
the Land, getting a girlfriend would be great. Stop bothering with raids, Silver
Sword can handle the task of defending the city easily.'
The stupidity of this line of thought made William burn from the inside.

"Maybe. This might be it. I agree... But so what? This is shit."
William was driven by his sense of regret and fought back in defiance.
That was a great way to live.
Exchanging a life of danger for a peaceful and comfortable living.
But that was no different from the adults who gave William 'advice' with a smug
expression.
"We failed. Wiped out. This might be the end. It was all in vain. Just like what
that bunch of people who call us idiots always say, we're trying to do something

that is beyond us. Gaming nerd hikkomoris. Losers... But, so what. We already
knew this. From the very beginning. We just like gaming. We chose this path."

It was fine even if it ended, William thought.
But even if they failed, even if this was the end, he would not stop.
There was something he could not let go of.
William felt a burning heat go up his spine and continued.
"This is no big deal. Just losing in a raid. This is not the first time. No need to be
so surprised. This is just a mark on the win lose column of this server. Gaming is
for kids. Be an adult and return to society... I won't say anything like this. I won't
let anyone say this. We lost, and are the worst kind of people. But even if there
is a god, I won't let him say we are wasting our time."
Raids were special for William.
It was the heart of Elder Tales, the center of this universe.
"You ask if there is any meaning behind this statistic recorded by the server. Of
course there is. Because I said so. I decided that it is a great and amazing thing.
Even if God had decided the correct value of everything, it is not applicable in
the whole world. People who believe such a dumb idea will never understand.
You are wrong because the things you believe in have no value, people who say
that will never ever understand. No matter how stupid it looks, or if all of this is a
bloody fake, it doesn't matter if I, if we feel that it matters. Isn't this our choice?
This is what I choose!"
He could not forgive anyone insulting the sacred oath in his heart. William
remained defiant despite the unbearable pain in his heart.
The members of Silver Sword pushed themselves up and sat on the floor,
looking at their guild master.
"We have lived inside Elder Tales for a very long time... Whenever formidable
foes appear, we will ready our bows and sharpen our swords and take them on.

Assaulting them while shouting like children. We win some, we lose some.
That's right, all of this are just 1s and 0s in the database, so what. We are in this
for the thrill of battle. That was great. We party hard when we win, splitting the
phantasmal spoils cheerfully. If we lose we will hold reflection meetings till the
break of dawn. If you dare say this is meaningless then let them say it. This has
nothing to do with toys or cheap loot. If we feel that this matters enough for us to
spend our time here, then this is our reality!"

William shouted. Filled with regret and fury, he spat out the thoughts in his chest.
But that was all he could do.
His action was like a flame burning bright and hot and then smothering out.
Winning and losing was a part of battle.
And raids were the most sacred of all battles.
Inviolable.
Denying this was the same as denying the large amount of time William and the
others had invested into this. William lost in this fight and was the loser. And
they were unable to do anything to overturn this fact.
That's why William and the others had nothing else to say.
He had nothing left to inspire his guild mates.
"... Because this is the way we are, right? We don't give a shit about guys who
have this or that. Those Mr. Nice Guys have everything, so they have no need to
do this... Do you guys have it too? Good at everything. Able to make friends
wherever you go. Or maybe you are smart, cool, or have a cheerful demeanor,
even the knack for telling jokes is fine. Anything, able to glitter in the real world,
a sparkling feeling. Do you have it...? I have nothing, nothing at all."
William lowered his head, rumbling on in a tiny voice.

It was no longer about the secret of holy battles.
It was a work of non-fiction, mild and uninteresting compared to Elder Tales, the
small confession of William.
William had truly exhausted everything. But even so, the guild master of Silver
Sword continued to face everyone.

Part 4

"I have never mentioned this before, was hesitant to say it, but all of you are my
friends. Because I can't make friends if I don't play games. How pathetic. I have
no motivation... I only made it this far because of this game... It is the reason
why I am able to understand how you feel. Just controlling the character with my
keyboard. Ah, this guy wants to heal. That guy has retreated, but he really wants
to stay at the front lines, something like that. This dude is hesitant to ask, but he
really wants those magic buffing gauntlets. Not just these. This one cares about
his teammates. Even though he is scared, he still shouted out loud. Giving your
all into the game despite being dead tired. I know, I understand very well. I really
do."
William squeezed out his thoughts in fragmented sentences.
These were his unpolished, real thoughts.
All he had left was a tiny flicker of fire.

Elder Tales had taught William many things. If not for this, this inarticulate highschooler wouldn't have been able to found a guild.
Unable to empathize with others. Introvert. Inconsiderate. Uncoordinated.
Impatient. Unable to read the mood. Unable to gel with others.
Being accused of all this, the boy withdrew socially. Elder Tales gave the boy a
chance to connect with others. He treasured this connection and guarded it
carefully. Elder Tales was the first friend he hugged with his skinny arms. If
William listened carefully, Elder Tales would reveal many secrets to him.

The first secret was teamwork.
There would be players who did well and players who didn't. If there were

people with great skills, there would be people with mediocre skills. What
needed to be done in order to cooperate was easy: just accommodate them.
Players fared poorly because William did not know what they wanted to do. By
adjusting their styles to each other's, most players would be able to get along
well.
Over time, he started raiding.
The level of difficulty in group fights increased gradually, but William did not give
up. The group of people he networked with became larger over time. They were
people he could get along well with once he got to know them.
The second secret was that their win rates improved as they chatted mindlessly
through the night. William learned that those lame jokes had the mysterious
power to decide the outcome of a raid.
William learned so many things.

Everyone would have good or bad days. The condition of each individual was
important. He would care about how the others were doing. There would be hot
headed guys and moody guys. His friends would bear all sorts of problems. This
was expected. William realized everyone was in the same situation as him. He
understood slowly what they wanted. It was very simple. They were all here for
the raid battle, of course they wanted victory.
Who should we heal? Which enemy should we focus our fire on? Move in to
attack or take turns and conserve energy? Do we go all out or cap it at 70%?
Even if conflicts arose in their quest for victory, everyone was still working for the
best outcome, it was just that the execution wasn't smooth enough. They
worked out the errors one by one. Eventually, they edged out a small victory,
bringing enormous joy for William and his friends.
The third secret was bitter for William.
He learned to seek the advice and forgiveness of others.

William learned this after his teammates endured his tantrum. He understood
after learning it that it was a necessary lesson.
Most battle guilds are short-lived. There are at least 20 members winning and
losing in harsh raiding conditions. It would be fine if they obtained treasures from
every hunt, but phantasmal items might not drop even if you won a challenging
raid. There would be members who would be unhappy, and bickering for spoils
would in turn harm their relations. Under such conditions, battle guilds would
disperse in less than 6 months.
When the inevitable intra-guild feud pushed Silver Sword to the brink of
dissolving, William learned the de-escalation effect of dialogue. William learned
to trust people around him, to say what he really felt. His guild mates understood
that their leader was rash, but he was not malicious. This was a lucky break for
a battle guild.
William thought about how much better it would have been if he had learned
these secrets earlier. But on the other hand, he only learned them because he
wanted to protect his guild.
As William learned the secret of being with others, Silver Sword gained fame as
an up-and-coming raiding guild.

"That is why I understand... the feeling that this is the end. Game over. We are
finished. I can genuinely feel it. This is probably it. But..."
William understood.
Everybody was disheartened right now.
He knew, challenging such an important raid and ending up here like pitiful
dogs. He couldn't even look his pathetic friends in the eye.

"To be honest, I was so happy when I came to this world. You guys probably felt
some joy too. There shouldn't be anyone here who totally hates this situation
right? This is the world of Elder Tales. The world we are so passionate about.

The place where we are better at fighting raids than anyone else. I think things
will work out. Putting this nonsense aside, I am glad I can spend time with you
guys. All of you are losers. Well, I'm a loser too. Whatever, it's fine if we can fight
in raids. In this world, no one can treat us like idiots."
William sniveled.
The battle-hardened sniper elf known as the Mythril Eyes was no more.

"Even so, it is unacceptable to run away because we failed! Come on! We might
not win. We will probably lose. It's almost a given we will fail. But no, there are
things we cannot give up on. What are we going to do if we go back now? What
legacy will we leave behind if this goes on...? Our addiction to Elder Tales is on
the stupendous level. I have played Elder Tales for 2 years. I think about it from
morning to night. I think about it even when I eat, shower, or sleep. I even study
for the sake of Elder Tales. It's fine if you say I have no life. I am a gamer with no
social life. I will be overjoyed the whole night because of one unique item, a
social outcast. I give my heart and soul for this. That's why I won't back down
even if the number of raid bosses increases by 2 or 3. Besides, where can we
escape to! Escape to a place where gamers are treated like retards? Making
friends without fighting raids? Calling this a waste of time with a smug smile?
Such bastards should just die."
Unreasonable.
Not escaping meant you would keep on dying? He considered this for a while.
They were able to hold on so far because there was a chance of victory. But it
was hopeless now.
'What you are doing is playing games, it is the same even if this world had
changed. You bunch of good for nothing can't even beat the game now...' How
were they going to face this reality?

"I... I have run away before. It weighs heavily in my heart, but I understand now.
In the city of Akiba, at the first Round Table Conference. I just came into contact

with this world back then and all I wanted to do was fight in raids. For the sake
of raiding, I gave up on joining the Round Table Council. It's true, no lie. Also, I
was thinking, 'what is this bunch of people trying to accomplish. Isn't that a
waste of time?' I also thought, 'going at it so seriously even though there is no
way it will work, what a bunch of pigs.' I despised them. I almost wanted to beat
them all up, I really did. What a joke. I understand now. I was running away. I ran
away because I thought it would fail."
But there were players who didn't run.
For William, it was a sense of longing.
In the face of challenging raids, a legendary group that did not form a guild held
their own against powerful battle guilds.
The newbie William was thrilled by their exploits.
This newbie aimed to join this excellent group one day and worked towards that.
When William grinded to level 90, that group disbanded. William felt betrayed.
They didn't wait for him. The members all went their own ways and did not form
a guild. He didn't understand why they were abandoning their legacy. That's
what William thought.

"But Shiroe won. He completed a quest I thought was meaningless and
impossible to win, and established Akiba. That was a quest to build a city, not an
easy thing to do... I think he is a great raid commander."
The players who persevered and didn't run.
The player he looked up to in the past was amazing indeed.

"That Shiroe lowered his head and asked for help, so I took the job gleefully... It
is natural to have no chance of success. With the Black Heart Glasses here, you
know how hard this trip is going to be. Just look at his smug and sadistic face

and you will understand! But... I still felt happy. I thought it would be fine if we
won. Because... we are crazy game addicts!"
The atmosphere was heated. When William looked up, he saw the pained
expressions of his comrades who had nowhere to go.

They might win if they tried again.
He entrusted the heat of this feeling to them. William had ignited the fire in his
guild mates.
But he didn't feel victorious or any sense of accomplishment, just a heavy sense
of pressure and responsibility.
Guild Master William was leading his guild to a hopeless place with no chance
of victory. Neither Krusty nor Isaac would make such a decision. They would
maintain their identity as a battle guild, understand the intent of the Round Table
Council and provide assistance, that's how good they were.
(I am a seriously stupid guild master.)
William bit down on his trembling lips.
The taste of iron spread in his mouth as he ignored the eyes on him and
searched for a solution.
He wanted to win. He thirsted for victory like never before, not for his own glory,
but a strong desire to win it for his friends.

Part 5

Shiroe awakened just like the dawn dying the sky blue. He could hear a speech
like rays of light reflected from the water.
A sorrowful groan.
The voice of a man protesting against an unreasonable reality.
William's voice was soft, but Shiroe heard him clearly as he regained
consciousness. Pushed along by William's words, Shiroe began to talk to
himself.
Shiroe, who spent plenty of time alone, talked to himself frequently. Since there
was a 'self' that answered questions, it was evident that he was consciously
replying to the question.
He started with working out the situation and evaluating what the future held.
Sweeping aside the feeling of being hung over and his doubts about
respawning, Shiroe started analyzing the strategy for the raid battles and the
surrounding zones.

He understood within the first 15 seconds that they were in a very difficult
situation. It was more appropriate to say it was impossible. Only 24 players
could invade this zone, so it was impossible to match the enemies in strength.

They could defeat '7th of the garden' Ruseato by itself.
They understood its 'characteristics' very well. Black mode possessed powerful
single unit attacks and reflected close proximity attacks with wide area attacks.
White mode regenerated health and summoned minions.

In general, all raid bosses had 'characteristics'. They would perform special
actions or take on alternate forms according to the amount of time that had
passed or the percentage of health left. Understanding these 'characteristics'
and coming up with plans to counter them were the basics of fighting raid
bosses.
They had completed their research on the 'characteristics' of '7th of the garden'
Ruseato. This didn't mean that victory was assured, but they could win this by
practicing a few times. The practice run need not be a fight to the death. Even if
the front line collapsed, they could make a strategic retreat. This meant there
was a chance of victory.

The attacks of the titans, '4th of the garden' frost giant Tarutauruga and '3rd of
the garden' flaming serpent Ibura-Habura were another matter. The scouting
reports for these raid bosses were incomplete. They were not sure how similar
they were to '4th of the prison' Tarutauruga and '3rd of the prison' Ibura-Habura,
but the blows that wiped out Shiroe and the others were wide area attacks.
Probably normal area attacks with cool down times of 50 to 150 seconds. They
were not mortal blows or 'characteristics' they had to work around. Shiroe didn't
know where to start.
The attack were launched simultaneously. On top of that, there was a chance
the other bosses in this zone would enter the fray. No matter how you looked at
it, you had to wave the white flag. There was no way to win this.
Shiroe heard the alarm ringing in his heart. "Don't think about why it can't be
done, think about a way to solve this." Shiroe was thankful for this quote, but it
was easy to say, but the requirements were always so intense.
In Shiroe's mind, there were blue cards to his right. These were his advantages
and weapons. Silver Sword's proficiency, the existence of allies, and the support
of the Round Table Council, things he knew.
The challenge he faced morphed into cards some distance away on his right.
Ruseato, Tarutauruga, and Ibura-Habura. And an unknown boss. They had
explored and mapped out the dungeon for the most part. There were just 3 or 4
more bosses left.

He came up with several plans and lined them up before him according to their
feasibility. All of them provided dismal chances of success, so he tried to mix
them up to increase the probability of winning. There was not much to discuss
as they were not ready for practical application.
All sorts of reforms in this world were limited to individuals. Take the
development of cooking recipes for example, the level of the Chef dictated the
success of making the dish. The constraints were much stricter in battles. There
were lots of powerful weapons in this world, but they were governed by the level
requirement. For example, if Shiroe made a Gatling gun or a mortar, he couldn't
use them. Instead of powerful weapons and magic, what was important was
coming up with a way to break through.
He knew this was just picking on semantics, but Shiroe was dismissing the word
retreat from his dictionary.

This time, Shiroe was analyzing the weak points of the enemy instead of the
advantages Shiroe had.
Most raid bosses had a fixed attack pattern. There might not be any obvious
weak points, but looking carefully, there were gaps between attacks which he
could exploit.
The moment of inspiration struck, and Shiroe grabbed hold of this line of thought
desperately.
Be it prison or garden, they were the guardian of something. Now that they were
self-aware, were they still bound to their obligations? Although they worked
together in the last fight, the fact that reinforcements only arrived when the battle
was heating up was something they could use. But he might be putting too
much expectation in this.
Shiroe threw his wishful thinking away and searched for a more practical
strategy. But after dozens of simulations, he couldn't think of a more realistic
idea.
The plan with so many flaws held the best probability of success.

He didn't work out the correct probability, but it was worth a shot.

"Yo, Shiro, are you awake?"
"... Yeah."
The voice came from Naotsugu who was observing him.
Shiroe sat up and stretched his stiff back. Beneath him was a marble platform
covered with a blanket. He was not sure what happened, but it seemed that
someone carried him onto this marble while he was asleep.
Naotsugu, who was glancing his way, relaxed when he saw Shiroe adjust his
glasses. He turned around and gazed into the central square.
Tetora sat with her knees to her chest nearby. There were just the two of them
beside Shiroe.
He could hear William talking. He couldn't believe that this was the guild master
of one of the leading guilds within the server. His voice was trembling slightly but
it was full of pride.
Shiroe heard his speech when he was lying there with his eyes closed.
He could hear plenty of groans and sighs of frustration at their own
powerlessness.
Shiroe let out a long sigh and nodded.

As Shiroe's group gazed at them, the Silver Sword members in the central
square picked themselves up slowly with their eyes on their guild master. This
speech was not meant for outsiders like Shiroe to hear. Shiroe felt awkward
about this and was glad that Naotsugu moved him to this corner away from the
crowd. But William's speech was necessary for Shiroe. The man standing there
was the 16-year-old version of Shiroe.

Elder Tales brought too much pain to Shiroe.
He was given lots of nicknames. He was constantly used like utility tools by
others and no one looked him in the eye.
But at the same time, it brought him great gifts.
Chief Nyanta, Nurukan, Aihye. Everybody was great friends. He learned to be
easygoing from Kanami. He learned self-restraint from Kazuhiko. He learned
about trust from Naotsugu.
Shiroe watched Silver Sword from afar, thinking to himself that it was a fine
guild. Not only was William a fine guild master, but so were the guild members
who made it through 'that'. He felt a stinging pain in his chest. What if he were
the one there under these circumstances? He would definitely pull himself up,
but whether he would be able to inspire his comrades was another question.
What would he say to Minori and Tohya when he was disheartened? What could
he do for Isuzu and Rudy? He couldn't see himself being able to do anything.
He thought briefly about Akatsuki, but all he could see in his mind was the angry
face of the petite Assassin.
Shiroe was amused and laughed.
'Protecting my lord is my duty, so mind your own business,' she would probably
say something like that.
Humans were complicated. Shiroe knew that Akatsuki was worried about him.
She always looked like she was shunning others, but Shiroe noticed that she
was more worried about him than anyone else. Shiroe knew that Akatsuki was
fighting her own battles out there too.
This was not the time to wallow in self-pity.

"You want them to win. Right, Shiroe-san?"

Tetora, who was hugging her knees, swayed her body and muttered.
Shiroe could only see her back from his view. But he still replied with a
determined 'yeah'. He was relieved. Shiroe wanted to win. He wanted to make it
through this challenge with this raiding group, Silver Sword. Tetora's
straightforward words helped Shiroe materialize the will in his heart.
"You have a way with words."
"I am a top-class idol after all."
Naotsugu and Tetora made a short exchange as they looked at William, who
was gazing into the distance.
Even though they didn't say much, their wills overlapped. They were not sure
what victory entailed, but they definitely wouldn't let Silver Sword rust away.
They had already decided. The problem now was how to execute it.

"So, what should we do? Any ideas, strategist?"
Naotsugu's tone remained bright and positive. Although he phrased it as a
question, he just needed confirmation. Shiroe's best friend had no doubt that
there was a way to win this. He was confident that Shiroe would definitely think
of something. Shiroe adjusted his glasses and replied.
"I have something I need to tell Naotsugu. And Tetora-san. And William. And
everybody. Why we are fighting this raid. What lies in the deepest end? Why do I
need money? I need to explain myself. I ignored the good will of everyone,
hoping to complete the objective by myself. If you are willing to forgive me... I
have a plan that just might work. But just barely. The chance of success is about
15%."
"Just the way I like it."
"Perfect."

"I also have things I need to tell Kinjo-san, and the things regarding this land.
This time, I am going to look him in the eye and say it."

Chapter 5: Consideration of Friendship
Part 1

The Abyss Shaft raid team used one week for preparation.
They reinforced their camp and made dozens of forceful reconnaissances. They
wiped out all other enemies except the bosses. They did their best to replenish
their perishables and headed towards the battlefield.
Federico felt his breathing become shallow and took a deep breath.
The scenery in front of him was no different from last week.
The imposing dark purple figure of '7th of the garden' Ruseato loomed in the
center of the circular arena.
The arena where the battle last week was fought was shrouded in silence.
Federico kept his eyes on his party leader Shiroe and waited for the signal.
Federico felt this taciturn young man had changed over the past week.
He mingled more with the other party members after that defeat. Federico knew
he was a good Enchanter, but he was even better now. Federico had gotten
used to the new staff Shiroe drew out from his bag.
They could not afford to hold back anymore, they had to do whatever it took to
increase their probability of success. Federico felt that Shiroe had responded
well to their expectations.
The problem of food reserves was also resolved by Shiroe's group.

They provided ingredients from their bags without reservation, improving both
the quantity and quality of their meals. The party's beginner Chef Vuoinen was
grateful. Some members commented 'so you couldn't bear to part with your food
before this?' but that opinion faded away in no time.
They were guests of Silver Sword after all, so they couldn't push the blame
solely on Shiroe and his group.
Being wiped out was the turning point.
Although 'death' was scary and painful, it could bring people together
sometimes. Friends from high school or college could get along quite well, but
the bonds between members of raid groups were on another level. Sharing this
painful experience together elevated their relationships from friends to a band of
brothers.
(Although you can't be friends with people you despise...)
Federico thought as he bit his lips.
(But brothers in arms can't work together if they hate each other.)
That was the case for Shiroe. It was the same for Demiqas too.

Azalea closed his eyes in meditation and raised his right hand.
He cast the Summoner's spell Soul Possession. With it, the Summoner could
possess a summoned familiar for reconnaissance. He dismissed the spell,
shook his head a couple of times and made a curt report to William. "The
standby mode position remains unchanged. No signs of other enemies."
The same result after a week of repeated scouting.
The raid bosses might have learned to cooperate, but they still had their own
thoughts and preferences, they weren't perfect. Log Horizon's Shiroe mentioned
this several times this past week. If you talked to him, you would find that he

was a nice chap who thought far ahead. But according to the rumors from Akiba,
Shiroe was a mastermind who could manipulate the minions of hell.
(I'm fine with him being either type.)
Federico thought.
Shiroe was an introvert. His shy expression felt like a brick wall. His
explanations were hard to grasp and a bit long winded. But these were minor
flaws. The members of Silver Sword couldn't really criticize others. They were
just a bunch of recluses, every one of them had issues of their own. Shiroe
might be a weird guy, but among Federico's friends, he belonged to the bunch
with common sense.
Shiroe chanted a short spell and activated it. The Enchanter's Elixir spell
increased the potency of recovery spells.
Vuoinen cast Heartbeat Healing, conjuring a bright green light that was injected
into Federico's body. The recovery rate had definitely increased. Federico was
grateful to Shiroe who continued to cast buffing magic on everyone.

Preparation time was over. It was time for Silver Sword to shine.
This was the continuation of that night when William bared his heart for all to
see.
They counted down quietly. Naotsugu rushed out as it went down to zero. The
Guardian in the 2nd party left the others far behind and charged '7th of the
garden' Ruseato alone.
(Wait for it. Wait for it...)
William's left arm was stretched out horizontally as he surveyed the whole
arena. Federico and the others were waiting eagerly. William stared at
Naotsugu's back, waiting for the first attack.

"Castle of Stone!!"
Naotsugu roared as he lifted his shield. This was the special skill of Guardians
that negated all damage. Using these 10 seconds of invincibility, Naotsugu took
the first hit of the raid, the fierce attack Death Knell Moon.
"Now!"
William charged as he shouted.
Federico was right behind him.
Death Knell Moon and Kneeling Dark Silver Swing were the special attacks of
Ruseato in black knight mode. Even the elite tank Dinkuron needed the support
of defense buffs and health regeneration in order to endure these two attacks.
Shiroe's comrade Naotsugu negated it with his Castle of Stone. From their
previous battle, they had determined that Death Knell Moon had a cool down
time of 90 seconds. This meant that Ruseato couldn't use Death Knell Moon for
the next 87 seconds. Ruseato didn't have any other powerful wide area attacks.
Kneeling Dark Silver Swing was a powerful single target strike. During this time,
Federico and the others could move to their assigned positions safely.
Although this was to be expected in raid battles, a Guardian from a small guild
pulling it off so perfectly made Federico smile.

Even now, they were afraid of 'death'.
But their emotions were sky high.
The moment he charged forward with his comrades at his side, the instant they
executed their difficult team battle, Federico's heart was like a toy plane flying in
the wind. Others might think this was a dumb and naive emotion, but Federico
borrowed the patented quote from his guild master, 'I don't give a shit.'
Just like that night when William screamed and challenged the world, this was

the path Federico chose.
Federico had died numerous times since he arrived in this world.
Time and again he rose back from the darkness. He was reminded of the regret
and frustration over and over again.
But he had no memory of meeting his comrades in the darkness, and he found
out it was the same for his comrades when they chatted. This made Federico
glad. Some said this was only natural as they were just playing a game. But to
him, Silver Sword was his home and he could call his guild mates brothers
without hesitation. He felt that all this was proven.
... Friends.
It felt awkward to say this term.
At his age, it was troublesome to differentiate friends from acquaintances, and it
was hard to classify people like this anyway. They might be close or distant to
you, it didn't really matter. As a fresh graduate entering the workforce, this was
how Federico felt.
But hearing the term friends from his high schooler guild master, his eyes felt
warm. Federico felt complicated.
Maybe he would return to the original world one day.
The daily life alternating between his work place and residence. In reflection,
having the resolve to die in a fight was really incredible.
It was not bad, but he would definitely refuse if he was asked to stop. This was a
raid zone, and they were the raiders.
"Viper Strach!"
Using the dark purple gauntlet as a springboard, Federico leaped into the air

and attacked Ruseato's arm with his flamberge. The venomous Viper Strach did
not deal a lot of damage, but it added the bleeding debuff and reduced accuracy
by 4%.
This number was not trivial for raid battles. They would be able to reduce
healing by this amount, lowering the MP usage rates, allowing them to keep
battling longer. Federico would say that this was the 4% that would increase
their chance of winning.
Dinkuron relieved Naotsugu's duty as the main tank.
He might be the handsome boy in Silver Sword, but he was equipped with
phantasmal armor from head to toe, and wouldn't back down even from Isaac of
Black Sword Knights. Contrary to his normal gentle voice, he was shouting loud
enough to shatter eardrums. War Cry, a skill that extended the effects of items
and increased resistance to status debuffs.
Federico felt a surge of energy through his body.
He moved to Ruseato's back and dealt much heavier blows than before.
Alternating between vertical and horizontal strikes, his skills allowed other
attackers to deal heavier damage. Considering the battle plan this time, having a
good start was crucial.
About ten meters away from the edge of the arena where the battle with '7th of
the garden' Ruseato was being fought, the sound of two dull metallic thuds could
be heard.
Silver Sword's Samurai Ragoumaru used 'Zentetsuken'.
As they had investigated in advance, cutting out a bar from the metal gate was
enough for humans to pass through easily.
Federico snuck a glance as he continued his attack.
(It isn't time yet!)

The attack output against Ruseato was ramped up. There was not much
Ruseato could do. Naotsugu had nullified his most damaging skill, and he had
nothing that could take out Dinkuron's watertight defense.
Dinkuron and the others would be massacred with ease if Ruseato called for
aid, but it had suffered less than 10 percent damage so far. He probably
wouldn't ask for help yet... Federico was able to wipe away his fear by following
this line of thought.
There was no guarantee. There was a chance that the other 2 bosses would join
the fray at any time. Other bosses might turn up too... There was simply no way
to tell. These were all deductions made through scouting the map and the team
work among the Guardians.
With the slow passage of time, Federico kept up the attack and kept the status
quo, waiting for the plan to start.
They thirsted for victory.
They wanted to quench the thirst in their hearts, putting their all in strike after
strike.
Federico's sword Sigh of Muspell turned into a mini typhoon through the might of
Adventurers, pelting the armor of Ruseato with numerous blows. Cracks
appeared on the armor under the fiery attacks, the ricochet scratching
Federico's face. But Federico paid it no heed.
Federico didn't know he was the kind of guy who preferred doing things right
until recently.
He understood this in the past week.
Wanting to be victorious did not equate to the desire to bring down powerful
foes, gaining fame or fortune. It definitely did not equate to bearing emotions of
hate or anger.
He just wanted a proper reward.

This was a raid William wanted to win so bad that he cried.
A fight where Silver Sword laid their lives on the line.
Federico didn't want all their efforts to be for naught. He didn't want this to be a
meaningless challenge they kept up because of their own stupidity. If that were
true, wouldn't that be sad?
He bore no grudge against Ruseato. He even felt a sense of respect for it.
Federico and Silver Sword just wanted to verify one thing.
They were not wrong. They were stronger.
All he wanted was to prove it.

"The limit point!"
William let out a shrill cry as the support and healing characters rushed off. '7th
of the garden' Ruseato was morphing. The armor covered in cracks shed off like
a layer of skin, revealing a body as white as snow beneath... its appearance had
changed to that of the white knight mode.
The black armor turned into a shadow-like swamp, turning into countless
warriors. The Adventurers within the trap zone of Ruseato had restricted
movement. It stuck to their feet and stopped the players from moving. In order to
avoid this area, the raid group changed its formation.
"Hurry! Shiroe's party will lead!"
Following William's command, the group jumped into the other side of the iron
gates one by one. '3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura awaited them there.
The counterattack of Federico and company started here.

Part 2

Demiqas was among the first to infiltrate the western passageway.
The corridor with a high granite ceiling interspaced with giant pillars extended in
a straight path far ahead. The end of the tunnel was hazy like the sunset, but
they knew through advance reconnaissance that flaming snake Ibura-Habura
was in the large hall ahead.
Demiqas looked around restlessly as he followed Naotsugu in front of him.
In Demiqas' eyes, the armor-clad Guardian Naotsugu was as slow as a tortoise.
He might look like he was sprinting, but his speed was half of Demiqas'.
Demiqas would be able to pull away with either a Wyvern Kick or Phantom Step.
But he would just charge headfirst into the flaming snake if he did that. He had
to stay behind Naotsugu to avoid that even if he hated it.
The group was led by Naotsugu and Demiqas.
The tank of the 1st party Dinkuron was the rear guard, fending off the shadow
warriors as they retreated. They couldn't move fast this way. With their main
defensive party fighting in the rear, Demiqas and the others had to hold the
front.

The opening phase of the plan was simple.
The last time all hell broke loose, '3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura and '4th of the
garden' Tarutauruga opened the giant gates and entered.
The gaps in the gates were too narrow for them to slip through, and it seemed
that they could only be opened from the other side.

The scripted event was probably the two gates opening up after they defeated
'7th of the garden' Ruseato. But that was not the case this time.
The plan this time was to use the maze-like layout of the dungeon.
This meant that using this arena as a prison to isolate Ruseato was the gist of
the plan. Ruseato was unable to pass through the iron gates and enter the
passageway so he couldn't pursue the group escaping through the western
passageway. But it was possible for him to break down the gate with his
destructive attacks, that's why they engaged Ruseato until he turned into the
white knight mode with weak attacks. If they didn't defeat all the shadow
warriors, Ruseato wouldn't be able to move when in white knight mode.

They had already scouted ahead using a covert type summon. They had already
been briefed on several possible situations that might arise, but it was a relief for
this situation to prevail.
Ruseato couldn't open or destroy the gate and was effectively nullified. The frost
giant Tarutauruga situated in the east might open the gate into the arena, but he
wouldn't be able to access the western passageway, just like Ruseato. They had
been cut out of the equation. If Demiqas' group defeated Ibura-Habura and
progressed into the depths of the zone, they could conquer this dungeon.
... But none of the raid members felt that it would be so easy to achieve victory.
Even if they defeated Ibura-Habura, there was no guarantee that there wouldn't
be another raid boss waiting. According to Shiroe's interpretation of the dungeon
layout, you could reach Ibura-Habura's lair by going the long way from the
eastern passageway. Once Ibura-Habura fell into danger, '4th of the garden'
Tarutauruga would definitely rush over.
It was only an optimistic speculation that Ruseato and Tarutauruga could not
destroy the iron gates. They should assume that it would buy them some time,
but would eventually fall. And if it did, they couldn't attempt this again since the
gate would be destroyed.
That's the situation. Even though Demiqas and the other Adventurers could

respawn, the situation would keep on changing. The same opportunity would not
come twice. The members of Silver Sword were tense as they ran down the
corridor.

(Damn it!)
But this was to be expected.
There was no way to predict all the possibilities. Even grade-schoolers knew
this. There were so many uncertainties in this plan and anything could happen.
Like waking up on a Sunday morning to eat breakfast while watching TV. How
many times could things go just the way you wanted? Things not going your way
was the norm in the real world.
The alternate world of Elder Tales lured you into letting down your guard and
forgetting about uncertainties. You thought that this was just a game, thinking
everything would go just as you planned. Because you could do that, it created
the illusion that everything you did would be successful.
He was beaten badly by Shiroe.
Demiqas knew. This world where things didn't go your way was their reality. And
he knew because he fell for the illusion. He was tricked by the game-like
appearance he saw in his tiny world. His journey here was the same. But he had
warned himself to not let his guard down. But his wariness dripped away slowly
like water flowing from a tap and he underestimated this world again.
(I wasn't careful and failed in this dull place. I was taking it lightly and failed...
Because I underestimated that bunch of people, that's why I failed.)

Demiqas remembered the skinny lady with her hands on her hips looking at him.
An unhappy face, she was probably looking down at Demiqas. That couldn't be
helped. Demiqas had hurt the People of the Land deeply. He didn't kill anyone,
but he had treated them with violence, traded them like a commodity, and
worked them like slaves. Of course he would be hated. The only reason

stopping them from seeking revenge was his physical prowess.
That woman was thin like chicken ribs, lacking sex appeal. When Demiqas
glared at her with his fierce eyes, she would say with a mocking smile. 'If you
think you are the master just by saying it then just kill me.' That was her favorite
phrase. 'If you can't kill me then get out of the way, don't get in the way of my
chores.' She scolded him.
Demiqas was utterly defeated.

People of the Land died when they were killed. They knew this very well, but
they lived on valiantly using this one life they had. They used what little they had
to leave their mark on this world. Demiqas' life seemed so cheap in contrast.
Demiqas underestimated this alternate world.
He lost to Shiroe because he thought this was just a game.
Before he could learn from his errors, he lost against the powerless People of
the Land.
He lost to Silver Sword too. He was defeated when they met for the first time in
that bar, and he was floored over and over again, leaving Brigandia in a dire
state.
And now, he lost to the raid bosses. There might be a way to salvage this, but
he lost to William as a guild master. Even after that crushing defeat, there were
still 20 odd gaming nerds willing to follow William.
Demiqas had nothing left to lose.

The white corridor made from stone bricks came to an end abruptly.
The tall ceiling had reached the new height of a 6 story building. The giant
spherical space before them was shaped like an egg 30m in diameter.

The walls were made from yellow stones with bright orange stripes. Stairs
several meters wide along the walls spiraled down into the pit. Puddles of blue
waters were scattered all over. The vast space had surprisingly bright colors,
illuminated by white lights.
"This smell..."
"Ah ah, hot spring festival."
Naotsugu answered Shiroe in a way that even Demiqas understood. This was
the smell of sulfur. The stones had all been soaked in various chemicals.
The group descended down the stairs spiraling round the edge of the pit. At the
bottom lay the sleeping giant snake Ibura-Habura.
This was probably the raid boss' standby mode.
As they planned, Naotsugu leapt off from the end of the stairs and charged at
the great serpent.
The support was minimal, but they didn't have time to make complete
preparations. Naotsugu headed in without complete preparations.
Naotsugu attacked with the support of Tetora's reactive heal and Vuoinen's
healing over time. Demiqas couldn't see any hesitation in his action, an excellent
move.

Demiqas bent slightly and jumped off like a spring, flying through the air. The
members of Silver Sword also joined the fray.
It became a chaotic battle immediately.
The opening at the corner of the pit was probably the 'answer'. At the deepest
end of this entrance was the finish line. But there were no 'convenient' gates
blocking the entrance to block off any pursuers. They had to take down '3rd of
the garden' Ibura-Habura here. And they needed to do that before '4th of the

garden' Tarutauruga arrived.
The distance attack team probably lost their cool, shooting ice arrow spells
prematurely.
Demiqas cursed at their incompetence, but Naotsugu just barely managed to
draw Ibura-Habura's attention.
A fire storm appeared before his eyes, feeling more like a natural disaster than
fighting a monster. Naotsugu used Anchor Howl and became a sturdy suit of
armor, swinging his sword to aggravate his foe. In the short time the fight had
gone on the amount of hate the tank drew from the monster was still unstable,
Demiqas had already learned that. He understood how much the attackers
wanted to deal damage as soon as possible, but being too hasty might pull in
too much hate and lead to tragedy.

"Fortress Stance! Let me test the performance of my new armor and shield!"
Naotsugu braced himself and leaned forward, as though as he was holding up a
wall with his back. Blue aura jettisoned from his heels, this was the defensive
skill used by Guardians. He blocked the enemies' strikes with his shield while
attacking with his sword. This skill traded mobility for a boost in defense, a skill
not available to Monks like Demiqas.
But Demiqas had skills Naotsugu lacked too, which were the wings known as
mobility.
"Oooooohhh! Aura Saber!"
Demiqas launched a downward flying kick from midair.
The attack followed a path similar to the slash of a giant axe, hitting the scales
of the burning snake. It must have some effect. Aura Saber ignored defense
ratings and damaged the opponent directly. The Energy Protection spell of the
Druids reduced flame damage significantly, so Demiqas wouldn't lose too much
health as he attacked.

Demiqas dodged the tail of '3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura, which was the size
of a mini bus, with his Phantom Step. He leapt into the air with afterimages
trailing behind him and unleashed a Wyvern Kick.
Wyvern Kick again.
Another Wyvern Kick.
The sole of his Storm Assault Sabaton Boots, which seemed to be cut directly
from heavy armor, sent mind numbing shocks to the scalp of his head. If he
were to do this in Susukino, the abandoned buildings would crumple into a
mountain of debris. Not just Demiqas. As Demiqas flew by in a blur of green,
Federico was also striking with his flaming blade repeatedly, surrounding IburaHabura with the other melee fighters, like midgets around a giant.

Suddenly, Demiqas' feet emitted a silvery glow.
This was Shiroe's buffing spell Keen Edge.
(That bastard!)
Demiqas snapped his tongue in displeasure. He wanted to spit, but his mouth
was dry because of the immense heat emitted by the giant snake. Demiqas
attacked Ibura-Habura's mouth to vent his anger with Tiger Echo Fist. It had low
accuracy, but he couldn't miss when the size of the raid boss was so big.
The slithery eyes of the reptile focused on Demiqas, filled with killing intent.
"Wide area attack, fall back!"
The melee warriors left the front lines on William's command. But Demiqas
remained behind like a guardian statue, crossing his arms in front of his face.
Demiqas wanted to take the hit straight on.
Without any hesitation or regret, Demiqas expressed his will in his own way.

Demiqas didn't move an inch as the flame vortex spewed by Ibura-Habura
encircled him.

Part 3

Naotsugu watched the sea of flames coming at him. This was different from
what he saw through his monitor when playing the game. It felt like as if the
poisonous flame was sticking onto him and swallowing him whole.
But even in this hellish scene, Naotsugu maintained his stance leaning forward
with his eyes barely open.
He felt hot with the flame roasting him. But the sensation was on par with lying
naked on asphalt under the bright summer sun. It hurt, but was bearable.
Naotsugu observed that the flames hit him in waves, and took a deep breath as
one wave subsided. He held his breath as if he were diving in water. He was
doing this to prevent damage to his lungs, but it seemed like he wouldn't be hurt
lethally even if he breathed some of the fire in.
(That arrogant Monk isn't bad in a fight.)

Naotsugu was covered by Tetora's reactive heal, Vuoinen's health regeneration
and Toko's damage negation shield. These spells were known as classic healing
magic. The wide area attack, Merciless Purgatory Feast, was strong. The
damage negation shield of a Kannagi could cancel out 6000 points of damage.
Together with the reactive heal of 900 points, the damage seemed too low.
Naotsugu wouldn't be surprised if the hit just now pushed him to the edge of
death.
Demiqas shared the brunt of the damage with Naotsugu.
He probably used Covering, a skill which allowed you to share the damage
taken with teammates nearby. Demiqas the Monk had higher resistance to
elemental attacks and health than Naotsugu. By spreading out the damage this
way, Naotsugu would be able to stay on the frontlines. Naotsugu had a
newfound respect for Demiqas.

"Alright, here I go! Taunting Blow!"
Naotsugu attacked to aggravate Ibura-Habura.
The giant flaming serpent was terrifying. The enormous head butted with a force
which rivaled a heavy truck, the wide open mouth was as intimidating as heavy
construction machinery. It closed in with the speed of an out of control train,
making your legs stiffen and vision narrow.
But Naotsugu shook off the pressure and cracked a smile.
He was pushing himself, he had no spare strength to smile at all.
But having nothing to spare was hard to explain. You didn't really feel that you
were running on empty, but it did seem like you had nothing left. Even if you had
a 3 day weekend, you still couldn't find the effort to do your chores. Even during
the hellish period when you were so busy you had to sleep in the office, you
could still find the strength to find a particular brand of pudding in the
convenience store. That's how it was.
That's why he still had the spare energy to smile. He could squeeze one out
even if he was running on empty.
Naotsugu held on to this belief and swung his blade.
Pulling in hate with his roar, adopting a defensive stance with his shield, he
refused to back down.
And he kept on smiling. That's how Naotsugu was when he took on the role of
the main tank in a raid group.

"Bring it on!"
Everyone should have noticed Naotsugu's shout. William gave instructions from
the back, "Maintain damage output and shift to the left!"

Naotsugu's smile deepened. As expected, William got it.
It had been more than 3 weeks since they invaded Abyss Shaft. They could
build on their mutual understanding during this period of time. Naotsugu
understood how William thought. William should be able to understand
Naotsugu's intentions as well.
Naotsugu's body was bathed in recovery spells repeatedly, pushing his hit points
up.
Demiqas was doing a great job, but his health had fallen below 30%. Unlike
Demiqas who was brought in like a relief pitcher in baseball, Naotsugu had no
time to rest. Sharp scales were fired at Naotsugu repeatedly. To reduce damage
and tank the next big attack, replenishing Naotsugu's health was the basics in
ensuring the safety of the group. Naotsugu accepted their assistance without
hesitation.

In the midst of the fierce battle, Naotsugu thought about the old days.
That was a fun place to play in, compared to this alternate world. Naotsugu
served as the main tank for the Debauchery Tea Party, so he had experience
with raids. In fact, Debauchery Tea Party was a group that went for raids at an
insane rate because of Kanami's nature. She treated the raids as just an
obstacle blocking their way. They went to challenge raids in overseas servers
because she wanted to see new sceneries, what a joke.

"Hey, get over here!"
His new Armor of Silver Oath was really dependable. It was sturdy with all parts
connected tightly. There were no loose pieces hanging around. The Gaze of
Lionheart shield was excellent too. It provided better cushion against the shock
to his wrist. He could keep on fighting with such equipment in hand. If he shifted
his shield in the way of the bright spots in his vision, he could even push back
the attack from Ibura-Habura's tail. He could feel the increase in defensive
power.

"Do you even lift? Bring it on festival!"
Naotsugu roared with brute force.
"Whoa. Naotsugu-san, you are fired up!"
Tetora suddenly approached and chatted casually.
Naotsugu leaned even more to protect Tetora from the flames shouting "Leave
this to me!" Tetora pulled herself up onto Naotsugu's shoulder and stood facing
the arena. She spoke with a clear voice.
"Everyone! How's your fighting spirit?"
The battle was still intense, so no one gave a definite answer to Tetora. But
everyone could see her. This was obvious as they would see Naotsugu who was
tanking the fierce attack of '3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura when they attacked
Ibura-Habura. Tetora was speaking to everyone on the battlefield while standing
on Naotsugu's shoulders.
A wave of clashing sounds filled the hall. That was the best they could do to
respond to the question of this petite idol. Swords and axes rose and fell, frost
and lightning rained down on the monster.
Tetora was satisfied with the sound, made a taunting expression and raised the
wand in her right hand into the sky.
"Alright, lets fight together! Work hard everyone! Go, go!"
Tetora's courageous and loud voice could make you forget that you were in the
underground. The sound reverberated through the air and reached out to her
comrades.
Aurora lights with the colors of the rainbow appeared above them. The curtain of
light shimmered, shooting stars flew out and pleasing music could be heard.
This was the Cleric's special spell Aurora Heal. It was meant to be used for
raids, with a wide enough range to cover a hundred Adventurers with its healing

light.
"What a great view festival!"
"Of course, I am an angel after all!"
The Cleric was all smiles as she spun rapidly and shot out healing spells like
arrows. The speed and skill were even better than the healers of Silver Sword
due to Shiroe's support, an excellent raider.
Naotsugu used this opportunity to attack.
Everything was going well so far. As Shiroe had expected, the hit points of '3rd
of the garden' Ibura-Habura was less than that of '7th of the garden' Ruseato. It
also lacked alternate forms and means to recover health. It only had wide area
attacks and the 'characteristic' of sapping the hit points of everyone in the zone.
But the team already knew this, and has equipped anti-heat equipment from
their bags and cast the appropriate anti-elemental spells. Even though '3rd of
the garden' Ibura-Habura had a lot of hit points, they had already managed to
grind half of it away. They should be able to win if they kept up this pace.
(But we can't let our guard down.)
Naotsugu watched the movements of the flaming snake while paying attention
to the surrounding situation.
"Well done!"
"I got it covered!"
Naotsugu wasn't telling that to Tetora alone. Everyone else understood his
intentions too.
He was playing the role of a shield. Naotsugu's confidence was mandatory for
the main tank of a raid.

'We can win this time.' 'We should be able to pull this off.' If you approached a
problem with such a mentality, it didn't guarantee victory. If it was so easy to win,
there will be no need for any of Shiroe's stratagems. But if your mind was full of
thoughts like 'We are going to lose', 'Let's give up', you would really lose. That's
how a raid went.
If you wanted to inspire your teammates, gimmicks such as shouting were
acceptable.
The hand on his shoulder took away the heat from the fire, the soft touch spread
through his body. This was Tetora's Minor Heal. In order to release the full
potential of the Cleric, she made her way to the center of the flame vortex,
supporting Naotsugu with her sunny words.
Tetora understood too. Their nonsensical dialogue could turn into everybody's
strength. Naotsugu understood very well and was in a good mood. He didn't
squeeze a smile out to calm the others, but was really smiling from his heart.

"Have you fallen for me, Naotsugu-san?"
"Absolutely NO!"
"Isn't this the place where all sorts of flags are raised?"
"Your inopportune words mess up the mood!"
Naotsugu blocked the spear-like attack of the tail as he playfully deflected
Tetora's question. He already knew the answer and felt anxious about it.
Naotsugu wanted to respond to Tetora's gentle feelings and snuck a glance at
her.
"I have something to report to Naotsugu-san."
"I'm busy right now!"
"If I don't say it now, I will miss the chance to tell you."

Tetora fidgeted her body, her clothes rubbing on her skin loudly while the battle
raged on. Naotsugu knocked away the flying debris of sulfuric rocks with his
arms and legs and said, "What is it?"
"Actually, I have joined Log Horizon."
"Eh?"
Naotsugu was no longer glancing sideways, he had turned around to face her.
He could see the confidence oozing from Tetora's face and flushed cheeks.
"Lying festival."
"It's true."
"Why?"
"I want to play with Naotsugu-san some more." She giggled as she cast Heal
continuously, the self-proclaimed idol was in a great mood. But she hit
Naotsugu's flank with her wand like a cat toying around every time she cast a
spell, which irritated him.
"Anyway, who gave you permission?"
"Shiroe-san did."
"What have you done Shiro?"
But they had to stop fooling around. Ibura-Habura stood upright like a theme
park attraction, opening its mouth and taking a deep breath. It sucked in air and
fire noisily. This was the preparatory movement of the wide area assault
Merciless Purgatory Feast it used earlier.
"Incoming!"

"Melees pull back! Federico stay and keep debuffing, damage reduction!"
Naotsugu and William shouted at the same time.
The formation changed once again. The melee fighters withdrew like an ebbing
tide.
Pulling back from the firestorm would minimize the damage taken. Minimizing
damage not only made the job of the healers easier, it also aided in conserving
MP.

But the formation was in disarray.
The Summoner Azalea in the 4th party fell down even though there was nothing
to trip him, and was shouting something. Naotsugu couldn't hear it. William
issued a speedy instruction in response: "Dinkuron, behind you!"
While their formation was still a mess, a new battle had begun.
There were two ways leading into this arena. One of them was the white granite
passage where Naotsugu and the others had entered from. Another was the
cave at the bottom of the pit.
A blue giant wearing barbaric furs had emerged from that cave. '4th of the
garden' Tarutauruga had joined the fray.

Part 4

It would be a lie to say they didn't panic.
This was expected after the painful experience they had gone through. But they
snapped out of that moment of stiffness with a shout from William.
The Guardian Dinkuron, the pride of Silver Sword, rushed out like a bullet,
taking on the frost giant with Castle of Stone. The titan swung his club, which
was several meters wide, at the elf warrior, who took the hit as if it were nothing.
He stood his ground, marking the entrance of the lair as his territory. He had no
wasted movement, the skill of a raider who had gone through hundreds of raids.
Shiroe adjusted his glasses that had slipped because of his intense movement
and wiped the sweat on his brow. The second change of event was within his
expectations.

'7th of the garden Ruseato' was unable to break through the iron gates.
But the 2 raid bosses on the east and west side of Ruseato, Ibura-Habura, and
Tarutauruga, could enter that arena as well as move into each other's base.
Even if they nullified Ruseato, the flaming snake Ibura-Habura and the frost
giant Tarutauruga allying together was a given. Normally, this would be an
instant failure. There were no full raids that could withstand the fury of 2 raid
bosses at the same time. Their combined efforts were overwhelming.
But was that really so?
After Shiroe respawned, he drew up a plan with this point in mind.
Shiroe and Silver Sword were wiped out in the battle at the arena because their
formation was broken by the surprise attack of the other bosses. Analyzing from
the victims' stand point, Ibura-Habura's wide area flaming attack coincided with

the frost giant Tarutauruga's freezing wide area attack. Just one of these attacks
was enough to kill off the defensively weak rear guard, so it was no surprise they
were wiped out when both attacked at the same time.
But could their tank take the special attack from just one of them?
Shiroe still remembered the battle with Ruseato, and he felt that another raid
boss in the same zone wouldn't overwhelm Ruseato's attack prowess by much.
It might be more devastating, but not twice as powerful. Shiroe concluded that it
was possible to fend off the attack for either Ibura-Habura or Tarutauruga.
Shiroe deduced that they could hold off both raid bosses if their range of
damage didn't overlap. The battle plan was based on this theory.
In this underground lair with just enough space for the raid bosses to move,
Naotsugu was holding off Ibura-Habura in the southwest corner. Tarutauruga's
attack from the northeast corner was defended by the Guardian from Silver
Sword, Dinkuron.
The two shield warriors adjusted their position to keep the wide area attacks at
bay.
It was a challenge to adjust their position. The healers had to rush between both
fronts to support the tanks. But if they were too far apart the healing would lag
behind. Although it was safer to have a bigger distance so the wide area
damage wouldn't overlap, they would be out of the range of the healers.
If they maintained the distance to support either side, there were no spaces
which were 'not in range of either boss wide area attack'. For the magic and
ranged attackers, they had to be wary of wide area attacks from either side,
adjusting their position constantly.
When William heard Shiroe's plan he smiled and answered,
"We can win this, Shiroe-san."
Determined to prove his words, William attacked with blinding speed, his arrows

drawing a continuous line between his bow and the target. And Mythril Eyes'
commands were issued as fast as his arrows.
Shiroe was also giving everything he got in this fight.
Now was not the time to hold back.
They were fending off the terrifying attacks of these 2 raid bosses. But only
because of Dinkuron's Castle of Stone. He did not use it earlier to save it for this
moment. To take control of the fight, the two tanks would require the support of
healing spells, meaning that the 6 healers in the group would be draining their
MP at an alarming rate. The members had been holding back since they knew
this might happen, but if they were too stingy with their support the vanguards
would die. With the battle hanging on a thread, the death of the tank meant the
collapse of the frontline and the inevitable fate of being wiped out.
The hope of clearing this zone would extinguish along with their deaths.

"Federico, debuff attack power and attack range."
"Understood!"
"Tetora-san, increase healing rate."
"I can't increase anymore!"
"I will help you... Force Step!"
Shiroe cast a special support spell on her. It reduced the cool down time for all
spells Tetora had. The reduction was less than 20%, but the effect was
significant. Aurora Heal had a cool down of 600 seconds. With Force Step, she
could cast it again after 480 seconds. The MP usage would be even more
intense, but Shiroe countered this with Mana Siphon. This was a MP
management skill which allowed Enchanters to share their MP with others.
A normal combat party could simply recover MP by resting. That's why people

often underestimated the value of an Enchanter specializing in MP
management.
But Shiroe liked this uncommon specialty and had been building his character
around this.
He felt light headed with the loss of MP, but he continued to attack, calculate,
and supply MP. He could strengthen the recovery powers of healers like Tetora
and Vuoinen. He could help offensive characters like Federico improve their
attacking powers too. As he took in the situation of the battlefield, Shiroe's mind
focused on the minute details.

"Right here!"
Vuoinen stuck his hand into a puddle that smelled of sulfur and chanted a long
spell. It was a special summon available to Druids. A light floated up from his fur
gauntlet, rising into the sky. The green light suddenly materialized into a tree.
Only Druids with mastery over nature and fairies could form a contract to
summon 'Secret of Life' after clearing a high level raid.
"4th party, rally to me!"
The mages rushed under the shade of the tree before William's shout even
finished.
The well-known summon 'Secret of Life' was a skill which conjured a magical
tree. By staying under the shade of that tree, you would be bathed in green light
and recover HP gradually. The recovery rate was less than the healing spells of
Druids, but the long healing period provided a big boost to the raid group as a
whole.
Shiroe was calculating.
Just like that time he showed Minori, Shiroe was processing the information of
the battle and looking into the future. Behind his glasses, his eyes gazed further
ahead in time as he calculated.

Twenty four people was 4 times the number of Minori's 6 men party. By
increasing the number 4 times, the capabilities and combinations of their actions
increased manyfold. He analyzed, chose, scrapped, and combined all these
possibilities, 'reading' them.
Reading every attack and heal of his group mates.
The waves of overlapping debuffs reduced the threat of the enemy. The invisible
amount of hate accumulated and the feasible actions they could take.
The constantly changing hit points of his comrades were like equalizer panels in
Shiroe's eyes.
He could perceive the ripples in the ever decreasing battle timeline and
analyzed each small segment.
"Naotsugu, speed up!"
"Okay!"
"Bolognese-san, pull back!"
"By your command."
Each action formed single 'words'.
When they were connected, they formed a purposeful 'essay'.
Shiroe could see Naotsugu's face in his mind. He could also see Tetora's smile
and William's smug face. The faces of Federico, Vuoinen, Demiqas, and all
other members of Silver Sword appeared too.
Shiroe nodded.
Shiroe finally understood what William meant.

The battle became a 'story' in Shiroe's hand.
It was a marching song that inspired wounded hearts to soldier on.
Shiroe was also touched by William's secrets. That was a feeling that
encompassed Shiroe during his days in the Tea Party, a nostalgic and peaceful
feeling.
Shiroe held his White Staff of the Wings of Ruins and chanted his spells,
executing the plan he devised through his 'Full Control Encounter'. Karma Drive
spliced through the air like a giant bird towards Ibura-Habura, leaving a myriad
of flashing symbols in its wake.

(15%... 16%... 18%...)
Shiroe bit his lips and concentrated.
Vuoinen's summon, 'Secret of Life' was a good move. The spell recovered more
than 30% of hit points for 10 people.
The wide area attack Merciless Purgatory Feast of the flaming snake still had a
cool down time of 180 seconds. Vuoinen could counter with Life Burst and
Mercy Rain. Next one would be at 360 seconds. Naotsugu could use Castle of
Stone again after his cooldown was finished. 540 seconds later would be
Tetora's Aurora Heal.
As he concentrated, the world became a blur as he 'read' the ending.
'3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura could fall before the 720 seconds mark.
Shiroe's Karma Drive allowed comrades who dealt critical hits to the flaming
serpent to recover MP. If they maintained the current pace, they could deliver
the final blow to Ibura-Habura before the 700th second mark.
They could then turn their full attention to the frost giant Tarutauruga.
Taking the remaining MP into consideration, there was no guarantee they would

win the next battle, but there was still a chance of victory.
Even though they were walking on thin ice, it was still possible.
To put the plan into action was the reason for Shiroe's existence.
To accomplish this, he had to calculate until the very end. Shiroe entrusted his
overheating heart into the freezer.
"Please maintain damage output at the current level."
"You heard him, Black Heart Glasses has spoken! Give it your all, defeat the
enemy! Don't show any mercy!!"
The moment William issued this order, an ominous black object fell into the
center of the pit.

Drip.
Drip.
The black mass rose from the ground, turning into humanoid silhouettes
wielding weapons.
Shadow warriors... Minions spawned from the body of '7th of the garden'
Ruseato. Their combat prowess was a far cry from Ruseato, but they could
match up with several Adventurers easily.
Shiroe suppressed his urge to scream and raised his head to look up. He could
see a darkness spreading out from the passageway onto the ceiling. It fell from
the ceiling like droplets of oil and morphed into shadow warriors.
Ruseato couldn't get past the iron gates.
But the dark minions he spawned were able to slip through the gaps just like

Shiroe's group did, following them into this battlefield.

Part 5

This development was not totally beyond Shiroe's expectations.
The shadow warriors were minions spawned from '7th of the garden' Ruseato.
He predicted that they would pester the raid group once the battle began. He
only envisioned the need to clean up the handful of shadow warriors that
spawned during their initial attack, not the immense darkness spreading on the
ceiling, the number of shadows was too many.
... The number of shadow warriors that spawned was equivalent to the number
of people damaging black Ruseato.
Shiroe was the one who found out about this.
For this battle, they had taken care of all the shadow warriors who followed them
before starting their attack on '3rd of the garden' Ibura-Habura. If that were the
case, Ruseato should have zero minions.
Since Shiroe's group had moved on, there shouldn't be anyone dealing damage
to Ruseato. There shouldn't be any shadow warriors spawning from Ruseato.
The reason so many shadow warriors were created...
Shiroe realized the only explanation.
Ruseato pierced his body with his own halberd.
A shadow warrior spawned because of the damage.
The single shadow warrior and Ruseato did damage to the black armor,
spawning two more minions. Rinse and repeat. By sacrificing itself, Ruseato
fulfilled its potential of raising the army that was flowing in from the passageway.

"Vanguard!"
Shiroe reacted before he finished his thoughts, screaming his instructions.
Just a bit more. No need for 700 seconds, they could take down Ibura-Habura in
600 seconds. They would have the manpower to spare then. (I have to buy
time,) Shiroe thought. (How much time did we take moving from the arena to
this place? '7th of the garden' Ruseato spawns a batch of shadow warriors in
about 200 seconds. At this rate, how many minions have spawned? 31. At most
63...) He came up with the answer immediately. The latter number would be
hopeless, but the former number left a small chance of survival. Shiroe had to
do this, even though he felt sorry, he still shouted,
"Attack and kite them away..."
This was like a suicide mission. Getting the herd of shadow warriors to chase
you while escaping their wrath. The Silver Sword member Junzo was about to
respond, but a stubborn raider rushed out before he did.
"Kyaaahhhh! Out of my way! Phantom Step! Wyvern Kick! Ahhhhhh!!! Taunting
Shout!"
Demiqas double-jumped in the air as if he were leaping off invisible platforms.
He flew in the air like a rocket, spinning as he shouted. That was the provocation
skill available to the warrior classes. For an instant, Shiroe saw that all the
shadow warriors were focusing on Demiqas.
All members of the raid group including Shiroe saw the long haired Monk when
he stopped for an instant. Demiqas seemed to be looking at Shiroe furiously.
Shiroe lost his balance when he lost sight of Demiqas because of his fast
movements.
Shiroe didn't know what was happening as he floated in the air, feeling
overwhelming speed as he moved backwards.
"...!"

Naotsugu was definitely yelling. But Shiroe couldn't hear him as the scenery in
front grew distant.
Shiroe seemed to be moving at an amazing speed within this large hall. Like
being in a giant dryer machine, he rapidly experienced sudden acceleration and
deceleration.
A shadow warrior appeared before him, ready to swing its battle scythe at the
surprised Shiroe. But Shiroe's vision spun as if he had a hangover. The view
before him disappeared because of the huge, heinous and dark silhouette of a
greave.
"Irritating! Phantom Step!"
Demiqas leapt into the air, leaving the enemies swarming him behind.
Demiqas grabbed Shiroe by the back of his neck as he flew all over the place.
"What are you-?"
"Silence, shitty glasses! Wyvern Kick!"
The blood splattering on his face was warm and smelled like rust, but it calmed
Shiroe down.
Was this Demiqas' vengeance against Shiroe by messing up the raid? Or did
Demiqas have some plan in mind? Shiroe was not sure. Demiqas was grabbing
Shiroe by the back of his neck, similar to a hunter holding its prey.
(But this situation. Isn't too bad...?)
If he looked at it from another angle, Shiroe was like a cannon attached to
Demiqas.
With this in mind, there was only one thing to do. Shiroe cast his weak
Enchanter attack spells in all directions.

Demiqas should be using Drag Move on one of the minions, but he grabbed
Shiroe for some reason and was dragging him all over the place. Maybe he was
simply using his level 90 plus wrist strength to carry Shiroe like some sort of
cargo. It was possible with the abnormal physical ability of Adventurers. Both
scenarios were possible.
But the important thing was that they were pulling the shadow warriors away
from the raid group.
"Go to the northeast passageway."
"Shut it, stop nagging instructions."
"Mind Bolt!"
"You damn Enchanter!"
Demiqas' attitude remained hostile, but he changed his bearings.
He kicked the faceless shadows and broke through, rushing towards the
passageway while being targeted by countless foes. Shiroe organized the
information through his shaking vision. He could see about 20 minions. Including
those out of his view, there should be about 30. If Demiqas stopped and was
supported with healing, he could last for 15 seconds. If he made do without
support, he would only survive half that time. Shiroe found it meaningless to
calculate how long he would last, but he knew the answer the moment he
started playing Elder Tales. He would be dead in 3 seconds.
"Hey Shiroe!"
As a shadow attacked with a low stance, its head expanded and exploded like a
watermelon.
That should be William who dealt the final blow.
"It's meaningless to support here, focus on Ibura-Habura."

"Listen, Black Heart..."
"William! Defeat the enemy!"
His voice reached the proud guild master, but Shiroe was not sure how William
would think of it. William looked at Shiroe again with concern and shouted, "All
parties focus your attack on Ibura-Habura! Sorcerers! Don't hold anything back,
throw everything you have at it!"

The scenery melted before his eyes as Shiroe was moved at top speed, dodging
the club of the frost giant Tarutauruga.
The friction Shiroe felt on the back of his neck made him itch. He noticed the
encroaching white film near his feet.
"Tarutauruga's White Night. It will reduce movement speed, use fire..."
"Not my problem! Lynx Tumbling!"
Demiqas ignored Shiroe's warning, moving ahead while mocking the freezing
spell. Lynx Tumbling gave Demiqas the agility of a feline, and he ran on top of
the club dashing for the frost giant's wrist. He sprinted for the shoulder next,
aiming for new heights. Tarutauruga, who breathed out white mist because of his
freezing aura, was kicked by Demiqas in the face as he accelerated.
Demiqas moved with a speed similar to a roller coaster with its safety features
removed. It would probably send all its riders to the hospital on its first day of
operation.
Loop, tornado, slalom. The invisible threads known as hate bound dozens of
shadows as Demiqas led them on a dramatic high speed chase.
Shiroe heard shouting behind him. He couldn't make out what they were saying.
Shiroe thought that they were words of encouragement. They should be
supportive words from his fellow raiders in Silver Sword as he leapt into the jaws
of death.

The noise of the raid battle subsided as they entered the dark passageway.
They would need to fight on for another 580 seconds. After that, they would
need to rescue Dinkuron and engage the frost giant.
That's why the 2 of them traveling hastily in the dark corridors could not relax.
Shiroe kept on casting his spells with negligible attack power.
Astral Bind and Nightmare Sphere would hinder the movement of the shadows
for a few seconds. He couldn't target all of them, but he needed to keep
pressuring their pursuers. If he let up, Demiqas, who was carrying Shiroe, would
lose a lot of hit points. Not just hit points, Demiqas' MP was dropping rapidly, the
price he paid for breaking away forcefully. They were lucky to have made it to
this passageway. The two of them were still alive as they moved through the
dark corridor.

"Don't use Wyvern Kick for the time being."
Demiqas did not respond.
They could see the shadow warriors about 30m away from them. Shiroe had
given up casting magic outside the effective range, focusing on supporting
Demiqas with magic instead. In this situation, mobility was more important than
attack power. Demiqas dragged Shiroe in the darkness as Shiroe concentrated
on his Enchanting spells.
Shiroe didn't understand why Demiqas brought him along.
The kiting strategy was working great so far, but Demiqas probably didn't plan all
of this.
Shiroe didn't understand the irrational thinking of this brute and didn't agree with
it.
Even after raiding together for so long, their hate and suspicion for each other

remained strong.
Demiqas used violence on the People of the Land in the city of Susukino.
It didn't mean only Demiqas was at fault. In the confusion of the Catastrophe, he
probably thought that this world was still a game. Demiqas was probably driven
by fear when he created all the trouble. The guild Brigandia was notorious when
Elder Tales was still a game, a gathering of ruffians. From an outsider's view, the
power struggle within the guild might be the cause of their extreme actions.
Shiroe felt there were reasons why they acted that way and understood their
thought process. But he was still unable to accept it.
Demiqas abused the People of the Land and violated their rights. He even took
part in human trafficking.
And he stalked Serara, causing her much distress.
Shiroe didn't have such a fetish. He could not understand and was unable to
forgive.
What a disagreeable man. That's how Shiroe felt about Demiqas.

A lot of time had passed as he thought about this.
Shiroe saw the dark passageway in his view. He wasn't sure how many shadow
warriors there were, but he felt that it was unwise to be too far away. Demiqas
taunted and attacked them relentlessly just now. It was unlikely for the minions
to forget their hate, but it would be prudent to play it safe. The raid would fail if
the shadow warriors returned to the hall. Even now, they did not know if they
had pulled all the shadow warriors away.
"Stop, we are too far away. Wait for a while."
But Demiqas didn't seem to hear him and continued running.

Shiroe got angry and yelled several times for Demiqas to stop before Demiqas
complied. Shiroe was displeased with Demiqas' action and started to protest.
"What are you thinking? Even if you keep on running..."
Shiroe was thrown into the corridor ahead before he could finish, stopping only
when his back hit a wall. As Shiroe nursed his wrist Demiqas glared at Shiroe
and spoke.
"Hey, Enchanter. Say my name."

Driven by anger, Shiroe thought 'How about calling him Dental Care-san?' He
took a deep breath, lifted his head to look at Demiqas, and chose silence.
This was the first time Shiroe looked Demiqas right in his eyes, and he was at a
loss for words.
Demiqas approached Shiroe and leaned forward with a serious and determined
expression. Demiqas' eyes were full of resolve, there was something he
wouldn't back down from.
Shiroe wanted to accuse him of bringing up such a stupid topic at such a critical
juncture, but dropped this idea when he saw Demiqas' face.
Just like William's wish that could not be compromised, everyone else had
something similar.
It was the same for Shiroe too. That was why he did not join any guild for so
long.
Even Demiqas had such feelings.
Time passed by slowly as Shiroe thought. He realized the anger in his heart was
similar to self-loathing. Shiroe who felt helpless during the Catastrophe and
didn't do anything met Demiqas who felt helpless and resorted to violence.
Demiqas became an outlet for Shiroe to vent his frustration.

Demiqas did some unforgivable things. Shiroe needed to rescue Serara. But it
was hard to say whether Shiroe had the right to punish Demiqas. Shiroe was
just Shiroe, Shiroe was not the law.
(Even if I had the right to pass judgment... Robbing someone of their name is
unforgivable.)
Shiroe realized he had stubbornly refused to address Demiqas by his name.
He thought that he was different from this brute, not recognizing him as a fellow
human being.
That's the attitude Shiroe had taken.

"Demiqas."
"Yeah."
"... Demiqas, I despise you."
"Me too, Log Horizon's Shiroe."
Shiroe and Demiqas had come to terms.
They agreed to disagree.

"That's why..." Shiroe words were interrupted abruptly.
The brute placed his hand on Shiroe's chest and sent him flying. Shiroe rolled
along the corridor like trash once again. Shiroe curled his body up and rolled,
reaching the goal, a cold steel door, like a soccer ball.
"You can wait for your death here, Shiroe. I am still busy with these guys."

Demiqas started running again without giving Shiroe a chance to respond.
Green flashes could be seen in the dark corridor shooting into the distance like a
meteor.
Several thoughts Shiroe was unable to articulate overlapped each other as
Shiroe was left alone in the darkness.

Part 6

Behind the door was a dazzling garden.
Gears that were several dozen times Shiroe's height turned slowly. These gears
were connected to the elevator through an intricate system, controlling the
circulation system.
The purpose of this vast space was clear with a glance.
On the production line that looked like it was designed by Escher, an amazing
amount of gold was being moved.
It was a giant mechanism with gears and pistons, controlling the flow of gold
coins.
A white pavement placed between the gaps of the machinery led into the depths
of the hall. The path was filled with flowers and greenery. As Shiroe moved
ahead, he would sometimes cross a small arch bridge, other times he would
pass by a pond full of gold.
This garden was the vortex of gold Shiroe expected to find.
The sound of numerous bells ringing made Shiroe turn his head. A series of
chains tilted an iron chest the size of a bus forward. The crisp sound of millions
of coins formed a metallic melody as coins flowed out from the iron chest.
He had no other words besides amazing to describe this sight.
The path meandered around the operations of the machinery. Getting just one
bag of gold from the conveyor belt would double Shiroe's wealth. He thought
about how much gold was in this garden, but realized that it was impossible to
tell.

There was more gold here than he could imagine.
Shiroe didn't think that the contract he brought along was weak.
But it might pale in comparison. If it were Shiroe from last year, he probably
would have run away. But he was different now. Shiroe came to the Depths of
Palm and entered Abyss Shaft with firm resolve.

"... Welcome. Although I wished that you didn't make it here, I still have to say
it."

Beside the gigantic golden lake, Shiroe saw Kinjo with his guard. Shiroe
squinted his eyes, looking for any difference in Kinjo, but failed as usual. Kinjo
stood behind the crystal angel as he awaited Shiroe's arrival.
The angel was '9th of the garden' Uru, the final boss guarding Abyss Shaft. Just
4 meters in height, it was small in stature compared to the other monsters they
had encountered so far, but was definitely more powerful than the other bosses.
Even if he had brought the rest of Silver Sword along, the chance of victory was
still 50/50. It would be suicidal for Shiroe to fight alone.
No, even if he actually brought the raid group along, they would probably fail
since they were worn down with the consecutive battles. Shiroe ignored the
threat before him and looked straight at the young man.
(The color of his lapel pin is different, that's the only difference. It really is hard to
tell them apart.)
He had met Kinjo in the cabin on the snowy mountain before, and greeted him
during a banquet in Akiba city. He also saw Kinjo at the counter when he
performed bank transactions in Susukino.
That's the role Kinjo played. That's how the Kunie clan was.
When Elder Tales was a game, they played the role of a bank employee based
on the same avatar of the People of the Land. That was the origin of the Kunie
clan, Shiroe deduced. He could see fear, wariness, and pride in Kinjo's eyes.
(It must be terrifying for them. Even though he has '9th of the garden' Uru under
his control, the Adventurers still managed to infiltrate this place... We saw it as a
hopeless fight, it is the same for them too.)
Shiroe tried to imagine their plight.
A group of 20 odd immortals charging into your home base like an avalanche.

This was like a zombie siege. They would rise again even when you wiped them
out, wearing down the defense gradually. There was nothing more terrifying. It
was normal to feel fear and be on your guard. But Kinjo still stood before him
despite the danger, probably because of his pride. The pride as a People of the
Land and the will to protect Yamato.
They had followed the words of their ancestors till this day, watching over
Yamato.
Their unity and loyalty was beyond the imagination of Shiroe, a modern
Japanese man.

"I came here to speak with Kinjo-san."
"Then we have the obligation to hear what you have to say."
"..."
Shiroe stiffened when he heard Kinjo's words.
He had expected this, but Shiroe's suspicion at the cabin had raised
unnecessary tension, and this was his punishment. Shiroe was trapped by
Kinjo's hostility. And that was why this young man in white had the duty to finish
their conversation.

"Can you explain this flowing river of gold?"
"... Ah, of course. As promised, we will disclose the secrets to you. All the gold in
Yamato originates from here and will ultimately return here. Even we do not
understand the ultra-ancient technology that controls the distribution of the gold.
The gold will be distributed to monsters or even dungeons like this one from this
giant viscous stream. This system is the dark secret of Yamato, a taboo secret
guarded by the Kunies for hundreds of years."
... Shiroe realized a fact from Kinjo's speech.

For normal People of the Land and the nobles of League of Freedom Towns
Eastal, the Kunie clan's management of this system could be seen as a form of
betrayal. They would probably think that the Kunie were funding the goblins and
orcs.
Shiroe, who knew that Elder Tales was a game, wouldn't think of it this way. If
you thought of it as a system, it was neither good nor evil. But Shiroe had no
confidence that the People of the Land who had fought lengthy wars with the
demihumans would view it the same way. If this fact was exposed, everyone in
the server would boycott the operations of the Kunie clan. It might even lead to
riots and genocide.
Kinjo was right to be wary. Shiroe didn't consider their circumstances well
enough.

"My group and I have no intention to make this fact public."
Unsure of how convincing he actually sounded, Shiroe promised Kinjo.
"... since you made it here, you have the right to bring gold back as dictated by
the law of my ancestors."
Shiroe's thoughts weren't conveyed to Kinjo. Kinjo remained guarded, speaking
in a tone he had practiced repeatedly.
"With our long history, a part of the documents left behind by our ancestors is
missing. We are not sure ourselves whether you can bring back a thousand or a
billion gold coins. All I can do is pass on the words of our ancestors to you."
Kinjo stared at Shiroe with flaming eyes, burning with determination.
They might not be wielding blades, but this battle was as intense as the fiercest
fight he had ever gone through.

Shiroe gulped under his gaze, his throat feeling parched. He noticed how weak

he was. He was smooth and coordinated when directing policies through the
Round Table Council, but right now, he felt as though his knees were going to
give way.
But he remembered the profile of William's crying face. The concerned
expression Akatsuki made when she looked up at him. The worries of Naotsugu
as he joked around with him. Chief Nyanta, who had been watching over him,
Minori, Tohya, Isuzu, and Rundelhous, who put their trust in him.
What he was feeling now was not weakness.
Tetora commented that she wanted them to win.
He craved victory for the sake of others. The bitter memories of unfulfilled
wishes motivated him to search for the best ending possible. The solo player
Shiroe who had no responsibilities as a loner was no more. Shiroe thirsted for
the ending more than anybody else. Because he was bad at empathizing with
others, he had no other ways to repay their kindness.

"The gold of the Kunie is a cursed treasure. No matter how much of it you gain,
it is not wealth. Your greed is a monster you are nurturing. That's how the world
ends."
Kinjo's words sounded like an ominous prophecy, but Shiroe chose to interpret it
as the Kunie giving their blessing.
In the depths of Shiroe's heart, he was glad that he made it here.
Surrounded by the melody of countless bells, Shiroe and Kinjo shared a
moment of silence.
Shiroe took out a contract from his magic bag slowly, and tore it in half. The torn
contract transformed into gentle light and flames, the sparks dispersing like
butterflies before the wide-eyed Kinjo.

Gold appeared out of thin air.

"This is..."
"The contract has been completely accepted. The Round Table Council does not
seek wealth."
Shiroe told Kinjo with a faint smile.
What Shiroe actually wanted to say was the continuation of the failed
conversation they had had in the cabin on the snowy mountain.
"We don't want ownership of the guild building. We think we are strong enough
to live on in Akiba peacefully. We are grateful to the system which offered us this
opportunity, but it is time to end our tenure. Even if disputes were to arise, there
must be a way for us to overcome it, that's our conclusion... This contract art
ceremony only works when it is signed and then destroyed."
Shiroe puffed his chest out before the confused Kinjo.
This was not just Shiroe's own intention, but also the will of the Round Table
Council too.
"We transfer the ownership of the guild building, cathedral, commercial hall and
all public areas to the Yamato server itself. The contract will be destroyed to
make this transfer permanent."

He went through numerous hardships and long discussions to reach this stage.
There were some who thought it was foolish to give up ownership of these
zones.
But after doing a cost-benefit analysis, this was the plan they came up with.
Purchasing a zone for the rights to administrate it just by paying a onetime cost
sowed the seed of mayhem.

Zone owners didn't stand to gain from their investment. But faced with the threat
that another party might purchase the zone... which meant an attack, they had
no choice but to buy it first. This was why the Round Table Council used all their
budget and took loans from the major guilds to purchase the cathedral,
commercial hall, and the city zone of Akiba.
But upkeep became a problem.
The maintenance fees for the guild building alone were manageable. But the
upkeep for all the properties of the Round Table Council had now exceeded 10
million gold monthly. This was a heavy burden on their finances.
The threat of an attack would increase the pressure on defense. A committee
centered on Shiroe and Henrietta explored the possibility of reducing this
burden. After numerous discussions, they formulated the plan for this expedition.

"This... You mean that all the gold here will be used for the purchase?"
"That's right. All the gold in Yamato originates from here and will ultimately return
here. That's what you said right? Since the contract has been accepted, the
funds were used as dictated by the contract and came back to this place after
the purchase. Just as I planned."
"Shiroe-sama, did you came here just to explain this?"
"In a way, yes."
"What about your request for a loan... What is all that about?"
Shiroe pushed his slipping glasses back with his finger.
"That is the main issue. We want to purchase all the zones in Yamato, the forest,
the mountains, the lakes, the sea and everything else. By destroying the
contract immediately, we can give the rights of all the zones we brought. I
proved it is possible just now, so we will do the same with all these zones,
relinquishing our rights and transferring them to Yamato... The land of Yamato

should be returned to Yamato itself."
Kinjo clenched his fist so hard that it turned pale, holding back his heightened
emotions.
"We won't purchase zones that are in the form of buildings. Maintaining the
status quo won't affect your clan, but we hope that all the free zones will have
the status of being permanently unowned. Also... The People of the Land can't
buy zones."
This thorn had been stuck in Shiroe's heart for the longest time.

"This is an abnormal situation. The Round Table Council does not wish to spark
off a war. We do not wish to deny the landownership of others. But I feel that the
promise made between people will be sufficient. The zone purchasing system is
unnecessary for us. Please loan the necessary funds to the Round Table
Council. In order to stop our path towards destruction, please finance us."

Part 7

The ground was uneven and smelled of sulfur.
He felt that it looked dumb to lie down in this place, but William still laid down
anyway. If he turned his head to the side, he could see black arrowheads and
rags dyed in weird colors. It was probably someone's equipment, it was a mess
around here.
His whole body felt hot and strained, even turning his head took lots of effort.
The empty spherical space was eerily silent, the sound of geysers and water
dripping seemed incredibly loud.
Smelly, hot, painful and tired, this miserable time was also a joyous moment.
William knew the wetness he felt on either side of his nose was not blood, but
he didn't bother to wipe it away. His arms were in protest mode, unwilling to
work because of excess bow usage. All his comrades were on the floor crying
anyway.

They won.

They expended a huge amount of resources, and some of the raiders were out
of battle commission for now. There was one time when they were caught in a
tug of war between fainting and resuscitation spells. William felt the premonition
of defeat when the bloodied Demiqas returned with the shadow warriors in tow.
But their effort in bringing down Ibura-Habura paid off. The 2nd party bought
time by holding off the passageway and they managed to pull off the win in the
chaotic fight that followed.
They had run out of gas. If the black-armored Ruseato were to show up now,
they would be smashed to oblivion like a baby. The raid group collapsed on the
floor from fatigue. They were covered in mud, having endured ice and fire, totally
exhausted... But they were shining brightly.

William sat up with his abdominal muscles, looked around him and laughed.
It was soft, but was very cheerful.
They won.
William thought that was impressive.
It was an unspeakable joy. It was as if all of his regrets, remorse, anxiety and
disappointment were wiped away. "Awesome, we did great," William whooped in
delight. William felt embarrassed at his limited vocabulary, but it was just for an
instant.
(We pulled off a spectacular feat! Awesome, what a great bunch of friends!!)
Federico continued to lay back as he waved his hand.
Dinkuron stuck his hand into a puddle to cool off. His bangs were messy, the
image of a cool guy was lost.
Odiso lay prone, waving his wand like a tour guide. Timid Alraunes popped into
existence, hesitant to act. A moment later, they dragged water bottles out of the
bag and distributed to everyone.
Only a handful of members could move, they were pushing themselves just to
sit up straight. It was not an exaggeration to say Silver Sword was just a step
shy of annihilation.
But even if they were on the verge of defeat, a win was still a win.
(Ahh, that was really awesome.)
William was like an idiot who kept repeating the same phrase, repeating the
word awesome in his heart over and over again. His mind was hazy, the image
of his friends grew blurry and disappeared. But William insisted that wasn't
because of the tears flowing out of his eyes.

"We won."
"Yeah."
"We won."
"We finally won."
The soft murmurs repeated time and again in the hall.
When William heard their words, his heart was full of joy. He was terrible at
making speeches, but the dialogue between his comrades lacked creativity too.
It wasn't any different from him and it made him happy.
"Hey guild master."
"What's up?"
William answered Federico whose voice was breaking. Federico pushed his
upper body up like a sick patient. "That, over there." He gestured at the
mountain of treasure with his chin. These were the drop items and gold from the
flaming serpent Ibura-Habura and frost giant Tarutauruga. A huge pile of gold,
valuable jewelry, and dozens of rare materials. There were phantasmal level
weapons and armor too. They defeated 2 raid bosses, so the rewards were
doubled too.
Basically, equipment could not be transferred. The raid captain William would
keep them safe, and distribute it to the members.
There were all sorts of ways to split their stash. They could use a point system
based on raid attendance and bid for it, or give the equipment to those who
could equip them. Or the ones who wanted the item would play a game of rock
paper scissors. The choice of system to use was a problem all guilds had to test
through trial and error.
Phantasmal items were powerful, and raids were often conducted in order to
obtain them. These items with special abilities and great attributes could only be

won through raids, earning fame and respect from the whole server. They might
even represent the glory of the guild, like the Black Sword Knights.
There were many guilds that dissolved because of disputes in splitting the loot.
Because of this, every guild had to spend lots of effort in managing and
distributing the rewards from raids.
Silver Sword had been using a point system since Elder Tales was a game.
Members earned points by joining raids and auctioned off the reward to the
highest bidder. But for unknown bosses they defeated for the first time, the loot
would not be given out through the point system, but allocated on the discretion
of the guild master William. There would be minimal dissatisfaction if they used
the point system, but the items would simply fall to the person who wanted it
more, but not necessarily be given to the most suitable player.
William presented the powerful weapons to the best possible person through
nomination, taking the efficiency of future raids into consideration as well.
After recovering enough strength, William stood up and approached the
mountain of treasure. Multiple windows opened, detailing the variety of items
they won through the raid boss on his status screen. The name of the items
conveyed how powerful they were.
That was normal. They were the first to defeat raid bosses above level 90.
Reaching the top of the hill he had always yearned for, William was so calm that
he even surprised himself.
'Eyes of Ruin-Chaos'
'Anti Fire Freezing Blade'
'Ouroboros Scale'
They were all fascinating. All participants of the raid could access the
information. They pushed themselves and sat up, checking the windows floating
in midair before William. Their hopeful gazes fell on the young man with silvery
hair, who considered a while before saying to his teammates.

"'Laurel Talisman'. This..."
A metallic talisman with intrinsic gold markings.
Four petals formed a circle within the frame, a glorious piece of art made with
expert craftsmanship.
"I think we should leave this for Black Heart Glasses."
Suddenly, the air became thin. This tingling tension you felt when entering
hostile territory.
Federico sniffed the air and spoke softly, "It is getting warmer."
It was clear to all the raid participants that the raid in this zone was over. By
rights, they still needed to take out '7th of the garden' Ruseato to clear the zone,
but there was no need for that anymore. The zone had lost its hostility towards
William's group, it was now a safe zone.
"It seems that guy has done something."
Dinkuron said as he brushed the dirt off his fringe.
The negotiation Shiroe mentioned before was probably a success. He was sure
it would work, but William still felt a smile on his face when it really did.
"Well, this is a great item. It increases your durability and capabilities, a top
class equipment. So, let's give it to... Black Heart. He is not part of Silver Sword,
but he is still a battle brother."
Affirmative responses echoed throughout the pit.
As he listened to his comrades' answer that was full of pride, William began
giving out the next item.

Part 8

Four days after bidding farewell to William.
Shiroe's group landed on the highway bridge that was covered in greenery.
Shiroe, Naotsugu, and Tetora waved good bye to the griffons, which left
because their limited usage time was up. They strolled casually along the
ancient asphalt road.
"Naotsugu-san is being so cold!"
"I'm not, I told you that I hate riding with a pillion because my armor is heavy!"
"Not this again, you keep using the same excuse. Are you reserving that spot for
a special someone?"
"That hurts! What is with your sharp retorts?"
"Fufufu. Because I am an idol!"
Shiroe looked up to the sky as he listened to the two of them bicker.
A nice day out in the winter. It would probably last an hour or two during this
season with the sun shining on Shiroe's path ahead.

Shiroe linked up with William's group after the raid, leaving the Depths of Palm
for Susukino. It was a warm and happy journey, unlike their trip to Palm.
Demikas' attitude changed drastically. He was nonchalant as usual, but he didn't
clash with the Silver Sword members anymore. He didn't converse with Shiroe's
team as usual, but Shiroe was fine with that.

They chatted a lot with the members of Silver Sword during their way back to
Susukino. They obtained practical intelligence, exchanging information of life
after the Catastrophe.
Their discussion was not limited to just sharing their worries in this world.
Silver Sword had a good idea of Akiba's current situation. For the Adventurers
who could communicate via telepathy, they could obtain information no matter
how far away they were as long as they knew someone there. But Silver Sword
was not too sure about the latest inventions and news. Shiroe felt there was no
need to withhold his knowledge, and shared all he knew. In return, Shiroe
learned about brand-new ingredients they found in Ezzo Empire.
They spent the most time discussing the large amount of materials they won in
the raid. Shiroe was given some of them, but Silver Sword kept the lion's share.
If they wished for it, 8th District Shopping Center and Grandeur would be willing
to visit Ezzo to trade with them. Silver Sword needed to sell their spoils of war to
replenish their supplies too.
They gathered around the campfire every night, eating their diminishing supply
of food. They discussed about the loot they obtained, the creation of new
equipment, and what their future held... The topics were no different from the
times when Elder Tales was still a game.
All the participants including Shiroe felt a deep sense of satisfaction.
They won the raid after enduring so much hardship.
There was no need for words, it was fine this way.
Naotsugu hummed as he polished his new gear. Tetora sat on a boulder and
smiled as she swung her legs. Even Demiqas joined in with the usual scowl on
his face, resting his head on his arms lazily. Shiroe continued to follow the
discussion of Silver Sword as he watched this scene. This was a souvenir for his
short journey.
And that was their triumphant return.

He talked briefly with William.
William wanted to stay in Susukino. Titans had been roaming around as a field
raid. This was no different than the Elder Tales game era, but new monsters
would join in the fray infrequently. The 'Mythril Eyes' explained to Shiroe clumsily
how to repel them while healing at the same time, making preparations for the
next raid. William added that he was worried about Susukino.
Shiroe nodded to acknowledge William's plans. He had no complaints about his
decision. William was an outstanding guild master and this seemed to be the
right call.
"Add me to your friend list."
William said. Even if you added someone to your friend list, you would not be
registered with the other person's list. But you could call them if they were on
your list, so there was no need to request for others to add you.
Shiroe understood that William meant to say 'Call me if you need help.'
Williams expression was milder than normal, probably feeling embarrassed.
"I already added you."
Shiroe replied.
"Good," William answered and lifted his hand as a gesture.
And that was the end. William and the rest of Silver Sword were left behind.
There were only a handful of elite raiding groups in Elder Tales. No matter how
big a guild might be, they could only deploy a few raid groups. There were no
more than 500 raiders in Yamato server, a number large enough that there
wasn't a need to hang out persistently with the same group. There were plenty
of chances for them to fight alongside each other. Shiroe learned this from
William.

It was the same even if this was an alternate world. Shiroe thought that these
relations existed when he was living back on earth, just that he didn't know.
There were many people fighting along with Shiroe, just that he was not aware.
This was quite a big discovery for Shiroe.
It was the same now too, Shiroe had many comrades, just that they were not in
the same guild.

Their main objective for returning to Susukino was to pick up ReGan. He had
gotten used to living in a hotel, piling documents all over the place. Books he
took from somewhere and notebooks filled with his writings surround him,
making him look rather excited.
ReGan wouldn't be leaving Susukino for a while. There appeared to be some
progress in the inter-city transport gate research. Shiroe bid good bye to ReGan
and left Susukino. ReGan would need to investigate other transport gates, and
promised to meet up with them in Akiba.

They rode continuously on the Griffons and finally arrived at Reswall. If the
Griffons could last another 30 minutes to 1 hour, they would be able to reach
Akiba easily, it was a pity they didn't have enough time. But the distance was not
so far that they had to make camp for the night.
They walked for a while to warm themselves up and summoned horses, wanting
to reach Akiba by the evening. Naotsugu and Tetora took it easy with this in
mind.

"Wah, wait a minute, hey, don't climb up!"
"Can I climb up after waiting for a minute? Please answer."
"Are you acting like a kid and kidding me?"
"A kid won't smell as nice as me, fufufu."

"Where did you learn to talk like that... ah, hmmm? Woah, oh."
Naotsugu stopped bickering with Tetora, putting her down as he dashed ahead
before the summoned horse reached them, shouting "Sorry, my bad!" Tetora sat
on her butt and pouted, then circled around Shiroe with a displeased
expression.
"It's not going well. Is my charm lacking?"
"Don't go overboard when teasing him."
"It won't be fun if you don't toe the line."
Tetora puffed her chest out with a shining and confident expression. Shiroe
shrugged.
"When are you going to tell him you are a boy?"
"I will keep it a secret until Naotsugu-san finds out, it's more fun that way."
"Now is an important time for Naotsugu emotionally, right?"
Regarding his relationship with Mary-nee.
Shiroe pondered about it. Although the man himself thought he kept the secret
well, Shiroe and Nyanta had been silently supporting him from behind the
scenes. But they were doing so with their heart, they had no intentions to
meddle physically.
"Roger, leave it to me!" Tetora was all smiles, Shiroe sighed as he wasn't sure if
Tetora really understood. Shiroe knew Tetora knew how to read the mood, but
that didn't mean she would act appropriately.
Although he accepted it because of the flow of things, Shiroe was ultimately the
one who allowed Tetora to join. He would feel bad if it troubled Naotsugu.

Aside from her pranks, Tetora was talented in both character and battle
capability. She was the one who wanted to join anyway, and Shiroe's good friend
also gave his recommendation.
"I didn't stay in Susukino because of Kazuhiko-san's order."
"I will take your word for it."
"If it were Shiroe-san... you can save more people than me."
"We are not a charitable organization."
"But this world is not heartless enough for people to ignore each others plight,
right? How troublesome."
She's right. Shiroe agreed with Tetora's world view.
Buying the guild building to protect Akiba before unrest troubled the city.
But that was not enough, so they purchased more zones.
But they couldn't pay the upkeep fees, so they undid the contract and forbade it
from being owned privately.
Hence, Shiroe thought all of the entire Yamato server needed to break free from
the system.
Their concept was logical.
The zone ownership system had the potential to bring tragedy in the future, this
was clear to everyone. As the first to use the system, Shiroe felt that he had the
responsibility to clean up the mess.
In order to execute his plans, he spent a long time contacting all sorts of people
and even traveled to Ezzo Empire and an underground dungeon. This world was
not simple at all.

(But this is just business as usual.)
When he thought about it, it had been this way since the Debauchery Tea Party
days.
Unexpected events would happen when they executed their plans. Even if they
felt their power was not enough, that had always been the case. "That was the
star you were born under, don't give up!" Shiroe remembered KR's irresponsible
words.

"Ah~!"
After going around the dangerous hill of debris, their vision broadened. Tetora
pointed in front and rushed ahead. A group of people wearing clothes of differing
colors right ahead waved their hands at Shiroe. Tetora kept her speed up,
causing a stir in the crowd as Naotsugu tried to explain hurriedly.
Shiroe smiled awkwardly, advancing slowly with a warm feeling.
The chief, Minori, Tohya, Rundelhous, Isuzu, and Crescent Moon Alliance's
members came to welcome them. Naotsugu was in a panic as Maryele and
Tetora clung to him from either side; Henrietta smiled gently as she bowed
quietly; Serara who looked so blissful beside Nyanta; Shouryuu and Hien were
here too.
As Shiroe moved ahead and waved at the others, he felt a presence behind him
and turned around.

"Did you grow taller?"
"My lord is so mean!"
His comment seemed to make Akatsuki unhappy, but she really looked more
matured. Her new ninja garb and scarf seemed gentler compared to their
meeting at the beach.

Shiroe couldn't help staring at her cute and petite face. "My lord, don't be so
rude." Akatsuki dashed to Shiroe's back.
Shiroe's eyes followed Akatsuki as she hid under his arm. This scene was the
same as usual, warming his heart.
Akatsuki also fought her own battles.
Just like his discovery on the white sandy beach, Akatsuki definitely brought
something back too.
And she got stronger too.
The world was still turning.
While Shiroe was working hard, his comrades were also doing their best in other
places. Just like William, he had many comrades running alongside him even
though he couldn't see them. This was a reliable, lifesaving piece of information.
After concluding his long journey, Shiroe returned to Akiba, uniting with
comrades fighting alongside him once again.
Shiroe searched for the words to convey his understanding, but he couldn't do it
smoothly because of the quiet happiness. But there was no hurry, there was still
lots of time to do so.
Akatsuki looked up at him, waiting for him to say something.
"Akatsuki, I'm back."
"Welcome back, my lord."
The lost sparrow obtained her treasure after much hard work, returning to the
tree branch to rest her wings.
Even though the stubborn guild master committed some mistakes along the
way, he still fulfilled his mission and returned to his base.

The two of them were like children displaying their spoils of war, smiling as they
greeted each other after returning home.

Afterword
Long time no see, everyone, and for those of you who are here for the first time,
nice to meet you, I am Touno Mamare.
"Hey hey hey, how can you greet us with a straight face, didn't you say you'd
publish this volume in the Fall (with self-derision)?" Sorry, sorry, I've been
apologizing so much recently that it has become a habit. However, I reap what I
sow. When the current book hits the bookstores, it should be time to welcome
Christmas (as spoken by a great prophet). Thus, Mamare shall spoil your
Christmas with the foul fruit of my own reaping! (Like a great demon king)
"Say, why did you use such a kind of statement as 'Nice to meet you' in your
greeting?" That's right, it's because the Log Horizon TV anime has begun airing.
By the time this book has reached you all, it should be halfway done. Thanks to
everyone, the anime was splendidly made and I'm very certain that we have
friends new to the series watching it.
Thank you all for buying "Log Horizon 7: Gold of the Kunie". Due to the
aforementioned reasons, I hope this book can also find its way to new readers
as well. Correction, this book could reach your hands not because of the power
of prayers, but through the publisher's publication, the printer's printings, the
dealer's hard work in distributing, and the bookstores putting them up for sale
that this is made possible.
Putting this aside, coming up next, let's talk about the female protagonist of
season two of the Afterword. That would be Mamare's editor, Miss F-ta.
Everyone knows about the meetings authors have with their editors, right? The
process where we argue over the writing and try our best to see eye-to-eye is
very intense (referenced work: Moeyo Pen). The same goes for Miss F-ta and
Mamare; we would spend day and night engaged in heated discussions.
"..."
"..."
"It's raining."
"That will deteriorate the mood."
"Have you already eaten?"
"I can still eat."
"Can we eat?"
"Let's eat then."

Without considering about when you last ate, thinking only "Can I eat this" might
be the secret of youth. This is the reasoning that Mamare has learned. No, it's
not this thought that makes me slack off and not do work.
Deciding based on "whether I can still eat or not," rather than how long has it
been since my previous meal, perhaps this is the secret of youth. This is a fact
that Mamare has learned. Nope, it's definitely not me trying to slack off.
Come to think of it, Miss F-ta's claim that "Women are carnivorous", as quoted in
the previous Afterword, received quite a response. I tried asking around 20
women: "Do you like meat?" All of their responses were: "Yes, I like meat."
Really?
Seriously?
This is a culture shock for Mamare. So women love meat this much? No, I'm not
denying that there are women who love eating meat, obviously such women do
exist. However, I didn't expect the probability to be so high (from personal
observation, 100%). Just in case, I tried asking Mamare (little sis), whose staple
food is carrots, and she said, "Meat that's someone else's treat is very
delicious." I always treat my little sister to meat. Once again, I've become
smarter.
Talking about important events that have happened to Miss F-ta recently, she
bought a new laptop. A MacBook Air, a really fine computer. She always uses
this laptop, be it during meetings or her free time.
"Miss F-ta, using that laptop makes you look like a capable pink-collared
worker." [1]
"Ain't that right?"
"Yup."
Kachakachakachakachakacha[2], da! (Self-satisfied smirk)
"You look cool."
Kachakachakachakachakacha, da! (Self-satisfied smirk)
"You look cool."
Her gesture as she strikes the Enter key and her smug expression looking this
way after that is really like an office lady's. Incidentally, Touno has never worked
with an office lady in uniform before, so the office lady in this account is a
delusion. A pink-collar worker who loves eating meat, and would sit in an
amusement park teacup hollering, "Dammit!" [3]

Dammit.
Following this report on recent events, I present to everyone Log Horizon 7.
Making friends is very difficult, even more so after entering working society.
To make new friends or maintaining friendship is very hard, and not only that,
even accepting someone as a friend is difficult as well.
As students, we believe that we can be friends so long as we can do something
for each other, and feel the need to prove our relationships with action.
After entering society, one would find that the things that we can do for our
friends are terribly limited. Unable to share their burdens, nor solve their
problems for them, we lament our inability to help out and wonder if we can call
ourselves their friends.
Shiroe isn't good at making friends, but he's not the type that does not treasure
them; he is definitely a person who hold his friends dear. Including Naotsugu
and the new arrival Tetora, his companions and friends are gradually increasing.
For guys to befriend each other is a troublesome and yet simple matter, all it
takes is for them to just go wild in a raid, that's all.
Friendship is such that, we don't need the other party to do anything for us, nor
do we need to do anything for them, and we can still treat each other as friends.
In the first place, as outsiders, there's really not much that we can shoulder for
each other.
At the most we could go for a meal together, and be the one to treat him to it.
The expenses for meat is nothing, of course I'll be happy to foot the bill.
The equipment on the character featured at the beginning of each chapter are
the results of fan submissions sent through tweets during August 2013. The
ideas we used were from @Dateryu, @IGM_masamune, @RN_oinu,
@SakamotoRiji, @ebiusl, @haniwatw, @hige_mg, @hpsuke, @iron007dd22,
@kane_yon, @kuroyagi6, @makiwasabi, @makotoTRPG, @me_pon,
@momon_call, @roqku, @sig_cat, @yamaneeeeee, thank you all! Even though
a lot of the submissions did not make it into publication, I am still grateful to all
those who participated. In fact, Mamare received a lot of overseas submissions,
there are readers from various countries supporting Log Horizon!

For detailed and up-to-date information, please visit http://mamare.net. The
website also offers information on Mamare's works outside of Log Horizon as
well as information about the anime. Come to think of it, the TRPG is coming out
as well.
As we move to a close, I am grateful to Mr. Masuda Shoji who oversees the
publication (thank you for taking time out frequently to participate in the anime's
screenwriting discussions), our illustrator Hara Kazuhiro-sensei (Tetora is so
cute), the Tsubakiya Agency for the layout designs, and the petite Ms. F-ta from
the editorial department! Mr. Osako took great care of me this time too! Finally, I
would also like to thank Mr. Kosuda and Mr. Nishi from the printers for
accomodating to my unreasonable requests, thank you both of you! Sorry for
submitting my drafts so late!
All that's left is for everyone to enjoy this volume to your heart's content, please
help yourself!
Touno "My dream is to buy a new laptop and practise typing in a stylish manner"
Mamare

Translator's Notes and References
1. Jump up  Woman in the service industry. In this case, he's referring to

those in administrative positions, such as secretaries or other types of
office ladies.
2. Jump up  It's keyboard clacking.
3. Jump up  <TL: Still need to cross-reference with the Japanese version>

