<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Krusty
Level: 90
Race: Human
Class: Guardian
HP: 13871
MP: 6847 <td>Equipment
Demon-Axe of Fresh Blood<br\> A level 90 Phantasmal-class two-handed
axe. Attracts monsters and raises its attack according to Hate. Amongst
the currently known weapons, it boasts the highest attack power so it is
much yearned for by many Adventurers.
Einherjar Armor<br\> Said to be only worn by brave warriors being led by
Valkyries to battle at Götterdämmerung. Phantasmal-class full-body armor
of ebony steel. Significantly raises strength and stamina. Reduces damage
from Giant and Undead types.
Second Rage<br\> Stone bangle that cancels cooldown of Berserker skills
and allows its reuse. Prolongs death by 10 seconds by sending wearer into
a state of frenzy. Also referred to as 'Rage Again'

Chapter 1: The Return of the Goblin King
Part 1
While Maryele was protecting the beginners and Shouryuu was charging
into the Sahuagin horde with a roar, a battle also broke out in the central
hilly region of Sand Leaf peninsula.
The enemy was goblins.
They came out of nowhere, sweeping through the forest in small patrol
groups.
Naotsugu and the others had fought off tens of waves in the plaza in front
of Ragranda Forest. There were 13 people here, 5 from Minori's party, 6
from the higher-level party, Naotsugu, and the cleric from Black Sword
Knights' Rezarick.
When they encountered the first batch, they thought it was just a group of
wandering goblins.
But after several battles, Naotsugu and the others changed their minds,
thinking they were positioned in the way of a small-scale tribal migration.
When they battled for the 6th time, they could not ignore this anymore.
Nyanta was scouting in the mountain ahead.
The 13 players awaited Nyanta's return as they packed their camp site and
remained alert.
In terms of battle power, goblins were not a threat. They were one of the
major forces of the demihumans and had a variety of troop types, from a
military point of view they were very powerful. But their level was between
10-20, so if it was 1 on 1, beginners who were around level 25 like Minori's
party were strong enough to handle them.
Even though the situation was unclear, the beginners still went about their
businesses calmly, packing their campsite and handing the heavy items to
Naotsugu and Rezarick with their bags of holding. They kept the light,
everyday items in their normal backpacks.
"Very suspicious."

"Ah?"
Naotsugu who was folding the tent canvas said, and Rezarick besides him
asked him with a grunt.
"Irritating, I hate irritating situations, it has a feeling of impending
misfortune."
"But it is just goblins, right?"
Rezarick gave a 'no big deal' look, he could handle 10-20 goblins by
himself.
"Don't you think the encounter rate for goblins in the hills is very high
today?"
"Hmm...."
Naotsugu peeked at the beginners, they were saddling the horses and
clearing the campfire.
"There are many beginners around too, I think this could turn out pretty
bad."
"Hmm..."
Rezarick was a veteran player from the big guild Black Sword Knights of
Akiba. He did not laugh off Naotsugu's words, but thought deeply about it.
The grass swayed slightly and a slender figure appeared in the plaza.
A slender gentleman with the head of a cat in a green corduroy jacket with
a tie... it was Nyanta. His eyes were thin slits as usual, but he had a
serious expression as he approached Naotsugu and the others.
"How is it?"
"Nya."
Nyanta's serious attitude made the 2 camp leaders come to him.
The beginners were still hard at work and did not notice Nyanta had
returned.

"It is quite bad nya, a large scale army... at least a goblin army of a few
thousand is moving along the ridge on the other side nya. Their actual
numbers... to be frank, I do not know nya."
Rezarick's face tensed up when Nyanta finished.
There were incidents of goblin groups moving together before, no, goblins
were a demihuman race that liked to make military maneuvers. They were
always banding up and pillaging in groups, but an army numbering in the
thousands marching together was rare even for goblins.
Goblins had low intellects, they were basically like a virus, pillaging the
neighboring towns.
There was something out of place here, the 3 veterans could smell it and
were nervous because of this.
"Tch, guess it can't be helped."
Naotsugu nodded as if he understood something, and asked Nyanta if he
had contacted anyone.
"I have reported to Shiroe-cchi nya, but I can't contact Maryele-san and
Shouryuu-kun nya."
"Can't contact?"
"Maybe they are taking a nap, busy with a battle, or are in telepathy
contact with someone else nya."
Nyanta spoke calmly, but he was not as calm as he usually was.
Nyanta jokingly said 'taking a nap' just now, while it might have happened if
it were Maryele, it was hard to imagine Shouryuu being like this. After
hearing about this, Rezarick had a faraway gaze in his eyes, an expression
one had when using telepathy.
Naotsugu and Nyanta stopped their discussion and waited for his news,
but Rezarick replied: "No good, there must be members of the Black
Sword Knights at the beach, but I can't contact them either."

Naotsugu and Nyanta did not have the contacts of any other Crescent
Moon Alliance members. Nyanta still had Serara on his friend list, but she
was right beside them packing up the camp.
They had met with the other younger members several times now, but they
had always done it through Shouryuu or talked face to face. Failing to
register the other members was something that Naotsugu and the others
overlooked.
The 3 of them tried to grasp the situation.
There were many possibilities, but they had to prepare for the worst too.
But no matter how the situation was, they could not abandon the beginners
and rush to the beach.
Even if the goblins were low in level, if there were several thousands of
them on the other side of the ridge, there were probably even more hidden
in the forest.
They could not leave the beginners behind.
"How does the situation with the goblins look?"
"The ones heading into the valley are a big scale pillaging tribe nya, it
looks like the whole mountain is moving nya. It is the first time I have seen
such a massive army nya, I even saw some hobgoblins and trolls nya...
There are also groups of orcs, this is a proper invading army nya. They are
heading in the west southwest direction, but I can't confirm their target
destination nya..."
"So the ones we encountered are just the scouting party?"
Minori gasped.
Naotsugu turned and saw the party with Minori and Touya in the lead
standing to one side, all of them with stiff expressions and tense bodies. It
seemed they had heard the conversation.
"Several thousand... just one mountain ridge away?"
Rundelhous turned his gaze to the forest attempting to see through the
trees. His face did not reflect fear and had a sense of determination.

The 3 camp leaders could not find the right words to say momentarily.
Serara said in a clear voice
"I am in charge of the beginners in Crescent Moon Alliance, so, because of
that, I registered all of them on my friend list, right? Isuzu also registered
them, right?"
"Y, yeah. Of course."
"Hmmm, yeah, of course!"
"Is it okay to ask them about their situation?"
Before Naotsugu could speak, Minori had already asked. The 2 of them
nodded and opened their friend lists. Naotsugu scratched his head and
mocked himself for overlooking this. He forgot that Serara and Isuzu were
in the Crescent Moon Alliance and could contact the other members easily.
Now that he thought about it, it was really obvious.
There was no point in hiding the truth now.
Since they had to tell everyone when they went back to base anyway,
Naotsugu and Rezarick gathered the 6 members from the higher-level
party as well and explained the situation briefly.
They were scheduled to return to the school campus in the afternoon, but
now that they were surrounded by the goblin army, they could not continue
to raid the dungeon. The problem now was which route to take and the
situation of the other training teams in the area.
Serara and Isuzu were talking to someone.
From the intelligence gathered by the 2 of them, there was a fierce
retreating battle at the coastline, blue goblins came out of the sea. The
group was retreating back to the school campus while maintaining
formation with the high-level camp leaders acting as rear guard.
"Blue goblins? Tch, is it Sahuagin? What the hell is going on here?"
Naotsugu cursed and swore, he had never heard of anyone encountering
the rare monster Sahuagin in the Sand Leaf peninsula before. They were
commonly found in warmer areas further to the south.

"Is this... a coincidence?"
Rezarick was asking about the connection between the goblins and the
Sahuagins. Nobody knew the answer, so there was only silence. But the 2
armies seemed to be moving in concert, calling it a coincidence seemed to
be dismissing their connection too easily.
Heading to the school campus may not be the best option now, they might
be surrounded by both the goblins and the Sahuagins in the worst case
scenario.
(If it is too dangerous, we can all use 'Call of Home' to teleport back to
Akiba.)
Naotsugu convinced himself.
They could go back to Akiba easily if they used 'Call of Home', but they
would need a few days to come to Sand Leaf peninsula. Hence, this was
the last resort if they ran out of options.
Leading the beginners back to the school campus was also risky.
But Naotsugu thought that they should link up with Maryele's group since
they were on their way there. They could account for everyone's safety this
way, which was the top priority.
Nyanta and Rezarick agreed with this plan.
With the decision made, executing it was very fast.
Since there was no way of knowing when the goblin army was coming,
there was no point in staying here.
According to Nyanta's description, the goblin groups were spread around
the forest area, scouting out a wide area. Even if they triggered a battle,
they could just force their way through.
"Alright, we will be returning to the school campus next, Me, Nyanta and
Rezarick will be the leading party. Even with just the 3 of us, we won't lose
to you rookies, so don't worry understand? Okay! The higher-level party
will be in the rear, remember to do your part, pay attention to the back but
don't stay too far behind. The lower-level party will be in the middle in
charge of supporting us if we run into a fight in front, don't drop your guard
because you are in the center!"

The group mounted their horses under Naotsugu's command.
They intended to cut across the Sand Leaf hills in a straight line.
...There was going to be a war.
Naotsugu worryingly acknowledged this fact, the goblins and Sahuagins
might have surrounded the entire Sand Leaf by now.
If that was the case, his reliable friend would initiate some form of
counteraction rising against the monsters' attack. He just needed to do his
part.
Naotsugu stroked the neck of his horse gently and advanced along the
forest trail.

Part 2
Moving the time forward a little.
Shiroe who received the report from Naotsugu knew about the unsteady air
surrounding the Sand Leaf peninsula. But he already knew about it earlier
during the meeting with the lords of the People of the Land.
Adventurers could communicate with a companion far away via telepathy,
the People of the Land also had a form of long range communication.
They held conferences with each other through the use of crystal balls and
magic.
When Elder Tales was still a game, the People of the Land were NPCs, a
part of the background of the game. They did not have battle abilities and
convenient skills provided by the game system like the Adventurers.
But Elder Tales had a fantasy setting, in order to have deeper story
elements, the People of the Land were set to be able to use all kinds of
magic.
Examples would be the secret skill to create magical artifacts or teleport
magic to escape from the main characters (the players).

But this was just a setting, not an existing ability. But in the alternate world
after the Catastrophe, these abilities became a part of the magic systems
and were used more freely.
Long range conferencing via magic by using crystal balls was part of that
magic.
Depending on the time and place, this communication technique was a
more powerful weapon than a band of knights. The nobles of the 'League
of Freedom Towns Eastal' understood this point, and had a personal court
magician reside in their land.
The pillaging goblin tribes only roamed in the mountains and wouldn't
attack the cities the nobles reside in. Only the small scale communities in
the hills and unfortunate travellers would fall victim to them.
The first to know of the goblin army was Tsukuba's Marquis Kyriva. The
goblins were moving in the hills, so they weren't detected until elements of
the goblin's advance forces reached Sand Leaf.
This information was transmitted last night.
Tsukuba's resident magician recognized the seriousness of the situation
and contacted Marquis Kyriva immediately. Marquis Kyriva only hesitated a
moment before calling for an emergency meeting and escalated the news
to Duke Sergead. Duke Sergead thought the matter was more important
than his pride and requested for aid from all the attending nobles.
The People of the Land held a meeting out of the blue, so they were in a
state of confusion. The goblin army was terrifying in its numbers and this
incident was severe enough to impact their governance.
The People of the Land held the meeting through the night thinking of
countermeasures.
There were several reasons why Krusty and the other Adventurers were
not invited to this meeting.
First, Krusty and the group from the Round Table Council were not official
members of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' yet.
There would be a ceremony to officially recognize the Round Table Council
joining the League during the 10 days meeting, this had already been

scheduled. But the nobles wanted to negotiate as much as possible first,
so this ceremony would be held in the latter half of the meeting. But since
they had not gone through the ceremony yet, the Round Table Council
was not an official member of the League right now.
Second, there were still some members of the League who felt uneasy
about the Round Table Council. There were even rumors 'Is the goblin
invasion a scheme of the Adventurers?' that were totally, laughably silly.
This type of view came from a fact. The goblin tribes in the Ouyu Hills had
always been a headache for the residents in the mountains. But in the past
80 years, they had not come out of the mountains to invade the villages.
Even though the residents thought of them as dangerous elements in the
hills and feel uneasy, there was no big issue if they live at the foot of the
mountain.
The reason the goblins were held at bay in the mountain was because the
Adventurers periodically raided them and cut down their numbers.
The nobles residing around the Ouyu mountain ridges knew the
importance of inviting Adventurers to diminish the strength of the goblins,
so they would put out many quests and rewards annually.
When Elder Tales was still a game, the nobles would use the bar to
disseminate quests to 'raid goblins', 'attack the goblin village', 'recover the
stolen resources', and the Adventurers would take on the quests for the
rewards and make their way up the mountains.
But it was different this year, the Adventurers ignored all the quests related
to the goblins in Ouyu mountain. That was why the nobles of the League,
especially those situated near the Ouya mountain ridges, suggested it
might be a conspiracy of the Adventurers.
But that was not the case.
The event known as the 'May Incident' to the People of the Land, and
Catastrophe to the Adventurers, changed the world. The Adventurers also
changed to adapt to this new world, living every day with no energy to
spare. Compared to the time when Elder Tales was just a game, all kinds
of quests were ignored, this was something that couldn't be helped.

The Adventurers did not have any ill intentions, they were just prioritizing
on solving their own problems, that's why they were ignoring the goblins.
This was common knowledge spread among the People of the Land. But
when the monster army started to invade, the nobles were unable to
accept this idea emotionally.
And also...
"So, is it true?"
"Yes, the 'Knights of Izumo'... disappeared."
"They are no longer here? Meaning they were destroyed?"
"We do not know if they were destroyed, there are no bodies or any traces
of battles, they are just gone, 'spirited away' would be the best way to say
it."
They acknowledged this fact once again.
The 'Knights of Izumo' was one of the 'Global 13 Orders of Knights', the
strongest military force of the kind human race, the protector of the world.
There was an unbelievable type of superhuman known as 'Ancient' in this
world. They were made with lost ancient magic hidden in the bloodlines of
the People of the Land, a miraculous people.
The 'Global 13 Orders of Knights' were a league of superheroes
exclusively made up of 'Ancients'.
They were the saviors of humanity and would not interfere with the
squabbles of the nobles or appear when demihumans attacked in small
scale. But they would definitely strike during big-scale disasters to protect
the human world.
Those 'Knights of Izumo' disappeared.
This fact was known one month after the 'May Incident', because it was a
serious matter, the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' classified this
information from the public. They suspected this might be the conspiracy of
the 'Holy Empire Westelande', but their spies reported that the 'Holy
Empire Westelande' was also troubled by this.

The nobles only knew in detail about the 'Knights of Izumo', the other 12
'Global 13 Orders of Knights' must be shouldering the safety of the world
on other continents, and had not appeared in Yamato before.
But those 'Knights of Izumo' disappeared.
The several fortresses that were used as their home bases were now
empty. From the scout reports, there were no traces of battle there, or any
signs of them being activated on short notice for a crusade to some far
away lands.
It had a normal, everyday feeling, as if the place were frozen in time.
The impression was similar to taking a walk on a sunny day and not
coming back.
"But, if that is so..."
"Woo woo..."
Several nobles scratched their heads.
The goblin army numbered over 10,000. If they formed up on the plains
and clashed all-out with the League of Freedom Towns' forces, it was a
number they didn't stand a chance against.
But the goblins were moving south along the mountain ridges and there
was no way of knowing where they would strike, it might be Hitachi,
Fourbridge, or even they might even turn around and hit downtown of
Urumiya.
Those cities were different from others in the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal', they had city walls protecting the nobles' residences and the entire
city area, they were fortress cities. Depending on the number of soldiers
and citizens, they could protect themselves against a larger force if they
adopted a defensive strategy. But if they were facing goblins that were
over 10,000 in number, they might not be able to do it alone. They would
face the problem of resource supplies and psychological shock.
These cities were dependent on the aid of 'The Knights of Izumo'.
The city in the most dire position was Tsukuba.

There were sightings of the goblin invasion forces in the mountains, and
they were estimated to be less than a hundred km away.
Other than this, the possible targets of the goblins were the
aforementioned Hitachi, Fourbridge, downtown of Urumiya, and the
unarmed fishing town Choshi that was not under any noble's jurisdiction.
They might target...
"They might be targeting Maihama."
Duke Sergead said as he put his strong rugged palm on his cheek.
From the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice' in the direction of Sand Leaf,
Maihama was on the other side of the city ruins of Eastal. Calculating from
the place the goblins were sighted, they might attack the city in 2-3 days in
the worst case scenario.
In conclusion, the goblin army was heading straight for the throats of the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'. From the perspective of the League,
they should say that they allowed the enemy to penetrate so deep into
their territory.
The monsters were too close, there was no way to remove this thorn
without spilling blood and the venom was about to corrode the heart of the
League.
A deafening silence descended on the room.
It was an unbearable silence.
The night meeting continued with heavy words, from a rational point of
view, the enemy was just days away from invading any number of cities,
this was not the time for meetings.
Since it had come to this, the only way was for the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal' to pool their forces to surround and exterminate the goblin
army.
But this would require a lot of sacrifices. Cavalry would not be able to fight
in the forest with limited visibility, the heavy cavalry which relied on their
charges to take down the enemy would not be able to show their might.

It was difficult to run a large scale war, the nobles' forces would be spread
out, fighting the goblins would cost many lives. The hill regions were
suitable for hiding, even if you sent in all your forces to this extent, the
goblins might spread out and run away, there was no guarantee you could
take them all out.
And so, should the lords all return and defend their own lands? The
answer was no.
Most cities were able to survive a siege for months, but as the goblins
attacked the fortress, they could raid the surrounding villages and
communities, destroying the farms and hide in the hills when
reinforcements came to save the city. Their motives were food and
treasures, not to occupy the city. Thinking about it this way, they were not
an army, but armed refugees.
The mountain ranges in the northeast region of the Yamato archipelago
faced a serious problem. A big coalition like an army was unable to
cooperate and support each other in this type of terrain.
Duke Sergead pressed his aching temple with his fingers and thought.
(The decision of this meeting is probably going to be using all forces to
surround and destroy the enemy... We can only accept the fact we will lose
a lot of men in this war of attrition... But the problem in this case is which
noble will lead the vanguard.)
Leading the vanguard sounded like a honorable role, but they were
actually going to be cannon fodder.
...First of all, a certain fortress city would be surrounded and besieged.
This fortress would need to strengthen its defense to resist the goblins.
The goblins would tire from laying siege, and the League's army would
surround and destroy them.
This was a proper war strategy in military terms.
And it was probably the only way to destroy the goblins. But this strategy
needed a city fortress to be the bait.
The candidates were first Tsukaba, followed by Duke Sergead's city
Maihama.

All the nobles understood this.
But they dared not say it.
For a city to be under siege meant accepting all the farms and fields they
had tilled would be razed to the ground and many citizens' lives would be
lost. 'Be the bait' were not words you could utter easily.
"...We...We request under the charter of the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal' for help from the lords in the League!"
Tsukaba's Marquis Kyriva uttered these words like a scream.
But facing a plea like this, many of the nobles just averted their eyes in
silence.
"That...That's right, Akiba! There is Akiba, they can use their army to defeat
the goblins, we should do that! They are the reason for all this after all!"
Marquis Kyriva shouted desperately as though he was going to be crushed
by the silence. These words piqued the interest of some of the nobles.
(Ehmm...)
Duke Sergead's expression was serious, but he kept silent and thought.
This was a good idea.
They had been thinking about it with the current strength of the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal', they had not considered adding elements from
outside...that element was the Adventurers in Akiba, if it were them, they
could provide some effective countermeasures.
(But...)
They were a strong weapon of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', but
they might also be a double-edged sword, there was no guarantee they
could control this weapon.
Could we request for aid just like that? But if we seek help, we would need
to tell them all the truth, including the disappearance of the 'Knights of
Izumo'.
Adventurers were very strong.

If they put their minds to it and declared war on the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal', it would be more complex than this war with the goblins.
The 'Knights of Izumo' that could rival the Adventurers were now gone, if
the Adventurers knew about this, they could not predict how the dynamics
of the situation would evolve.
Duke Sergead thought the 3 young ambassadors could be trusted.
Michitaka had the air of a great merchant, he was highly tolerant and was
willing to bear any losses to stay true to his business ethics.
Shiroe had the feel of a scholar, but his nature was like a sharp sword. If
the sword was out of the sheath, no matter how challenging the problem
was, he would cut it down.
And Krusty, senate leader of the Round Table Council was not a knight.
He was talented in too many ways, a knight was not enough to describe
him. The potential of this young man Krusty could not be gauged, even
with the eyes of the 60 years-old Duke, it was like an opaque curtain.
But the personal feelings of Sergead had to be strictly separated from the
decision-making of Duke Sergead Corwen, ruler of Maihama, the most
prestigious clan Corwen in the east and the chairman of the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal'. The nature of the 3 ambassadors also could not
be used to gauge the political decisions of Akiba.
(And the Holy Empire Westelande is watching this closely...)
With Marquis Kyriva leading the way, several nobles wanted the
Adventurers to take to the battlefield. A few lords brought up the 'Knights of
Izumo' incident, suggesting that keeping secrets from allies was not
appropriate.
But even more nobles questioned the feasibility of the strategy, the
Adventurers joining the fray was a good thing, but how do you lure these
Adventurers in? If the nobles did not provide quest rewards to match, it
would be hard to entice them.
The meeting turned into chaos.
And it continued to be this way when Nyanta reported the situation to
Shiroe the following day.

Part 3
The morning after the noble's meeting.
The telepathy message from Sand Leaf alerted Shiroe's group to the crisis.
Nyanta might not be the first to report, because Michitaka and Krusty also
received similar messages from guild members attending the summer
training camp at about the same time.
Sand Leaf peninsula was under a large-scale attack from demihumans.
Shiroe's group held an emergency meeting in their room immediately. The
meeting room only had Shiroe, Michitaka, Krusty, and a few others, the
rest were either on security detail or out scouting for intelligence.
At the same time, the top floor of the guild building in Akiba was also
having an emergency meeting at the Round Table. Even though it was
inconvenient, they still managed to hold a meeting through telepathy.
"Let's explain the situation."
At Michitaka's request, Shiroe took out his notes and informed the others
of the known facts.
"Sand Leaf peninsula was under attack by demihumans earlier this
morning. Including the beginners, there are 67 players from Akiba
attending a summer training camp in the peninsula. The invading
demihuman armies are as follows. Sahuagin at the coastline, unknown
numbers, estimated to be at least a few hundred; central hill region is
attacked by large-scale pillaging goblin tribes, at least 10,000 in strength."
10,000 was easy to say, but was a large number, even the veteran players
would be daunted by this.
Elder Tales' smallest group battle unit was a 'Party'. This was a group
cooperating together using tactics, a maximum of 6 members. When
challenging dungeons or adventuring in the world, the Adventurers of Elder
Tales would form a 'Party'.
But there were some incidents and quests that could not be handled by a
party. To handle such large-scale battles, Elder Tales' design had a big
scale battle system called a 'Raid'.

'Raid' was separated into levels, the more common one being the 'Full
Raid' formed by 4 'Parties', a 24-player mid-sized group. Elder Tales'
heroic-level battles were normally done in this way.
The quest which the Debauchery Tea Party completed to obtain their
griffon flutes,'The Fields of Dead Spirits,' required a 24-man group and was
a 'Full Raid' quest.
There was another higher level group, which was the 'Legion Raid' formed
by 4 'Full Raid' groups. There were very few quests in Elder Tales that
were 'Legion Raid' level, and were used to handle very large-scale, limited
time events to avert national-level crises.
It was hard to work together in an army of 96 people, most players wouldn't
be able to grasp the full extent of the battle, the commander must have
courage, insight, and tactical ability.
Goblin levels were low.
To level 90 players, they were just small fries and they could take on
dozens alone. But no one had heard of an army that was a hundred times
bigger then the 96-man 'Legion Raid'.
"This is a conservative estimate, I think the actual numbers will need to be
revised upwards."
"Why do you think so?"
Krusty asked Shiroe.
"It's based on the reason for the invasion."
"Reason? Do you know what it is?"
Everybody was talking through telepathy, the minutes were taken by one
of the attendants that came along. These words should be from Soujirou of
West Wind Brigade, and Shiroe replied 'this is not a confirmed fact, just my
own deduction' as a opening line, and said:
"I think the reason for the invasion is 'The Return of the Goblin King'."

Shiroe not only made the meeting room he was in quiet, the Round Table
Council members in Akiba and Maryele in Sand Leaf were also
dumbstruck.
When Elder Tales was just a game, 'The Return of the Goblin King' was a
periodic game event.
In the depths of the Ouyu zone's 'Black Forest' there was the goblin castle,
'Seven Falls'.
Every 2 years there would be a goblin king coronation ceremony, crowning
the strongest goblin tribe leader from the surrounding 6 tribes.
If you changed it to real time, this was an event that happens every 2
months. The entrance to the 'Seven Falls' would open every 2 months for a
week. If the players raided the goblin king's fortress during this period, they
would be able to obtain strong loot.
There were 2 reasons why this was so popular. First, the loot dropped by
the goblin king was very strong, even if they were not something the
top-tier players of major guilds would want, they were still very high level
items for normal players, high quality items that would make others
envious.
Another reason that could not be overlooked was the strength of the goblin
king and the defense forces were not fixed.
According to the game setting, the goblin king was selected from the
strong goblins from the surrounding tribes. In other words, if you attacked
the surrounding tribes and weakened their forces, the goblins in the 'Seven
Falls' zone would also be weakened, the level and power of the goblin king
would also go down.
Because of this feature, even normal players stood a chance in taking on
'The Return of the Goblin King' quest, making it a worthwhile and popular
quest.
"...Yes, 'The Return of the Goblin King' that everyone is familiar with. It has
a setting that has never happened before and might be forgotten by the
players."

Raiding the goblin king was a 'Full Raid' level battle, but if you weakened
the goblins beforehand, it was not too difficult, a raid suitable for mid-size
guilds to take on. Shiroe had never heard of a goblin king living past the 1
week event period.
But if Shiroe remembered correctly, this was what was happening right
now.
"I remember...If the goblin king survives the 1 week event period, he will
unite the surrounding tribes and his army will increase by 10 times, I
remember there is such an explanation, right?"
Shiroe nodded to acknowledge Michitaka's query.
That was correct.
The goblin king who completed the coronation would become the hero of
the goblins, his influence would increase significantly.
After the Catastrophe, Shiroe and the adventurers had been busy building
their environment to survive in this alternate world. Even if it was Elder
Tales' popular quest 'The Return of the Goblin King', they didn't have the
time to take on the quest and ignored it.
"So the goblins retained their military power."
An attendant relayed the telepathy message, Shiroe thought for a while,
nodded, and replied.
"Yes, we did not raid the 6 surrounding tribes, and did not attack the
fortress of Seven Falls in waves, so we can assume the goblin king and his
guards' levels are at their highest in the history of the game... Other than
this, I am more worried about the scale of the united goblin tribes."
There was a suffocating silence in the meeting room.
They did not want to keep quiet but with nothing constructive to say, the
room became silent.
They maintained a sense of calm and did not fall into panic. According to
reports, the summer training camp attendees were seeking refuge in the
abandoned school campus, Maryele from Crescent Moon Alliance was
joining the meeting through telepathy from there.

Telepathy could only connect 1-to-1, so Henrietta was relaying Maryele's
messages in the meeting room.
Also, if the campers were surrounded by powerful monsters, they would
use 'Call of Home' to teleport back to Akiba to avoid harm.
The goblin army was marching from the Sand Leaf peninsula, they should
be heading towards either the west or south, razing any communities in
their way. But Akiba was still a distance away, and Akiba would be ready
for them if they did come.
Even if the goblin army was the biggest ever, they were still a manageable
group. You needed a 'Full Raid' group to raid the goblin king... 24
Adventurers. Akiba had 500 times that number of Adventurers.
(But the situation now...)
Akiba was safe, but the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' could not take
matters lightly like them.
Even if the enemy numbered just 10,000, Shiroe thought it would be
enough to take down a weaker fortress.
Shiroe lacked military knowledge, so it was a shame that he could not be
certain about that. But he could imagine the livid faces of the nobles in the
League.
"Will the 'Knights of Izumo' be deploying?"
Henrietta asked hesitantly.
This was answered with a chatter of voices agreeing "Oh..." "Now that you
mention it...".
The 'Knights of Izumo'.
This was an order of knights in the Japanese server made up of 'Ancients'.
An 'Ancient' was a hero character of the People of the Land, their might
was more than a match for the Adventurers, the ace in the hole for the kind
human race. When Adventurers first appeared in this world, they took on
quests and missions to tip the scale against the demihumans with their
overwhelming numbers. But if the fate of the world hanged in the balance,
the 'Knights of Izumo' intervened.

In the 12 open servers of the world there were 13 such orders of knights,
the 'Knights of Izumo' were known as the Japanese server's... wrong, it
should be Yamato archipelago's guardian angels.
When Elder Tales was still a game, Shiroe heard of the exploits of this
order of knights. Not only Shiroe, the more experienced players would
know even more about the legends of this mythical knight order. They
fought frequently alongside them in quests or followed their traces in their
crusades.
They were the protectors of all of the kind human race in the world, so they
would not involve themselves in the petty political quarrels between the
lords and nobles. But if an event like the invasion of the demihumans were
to happen, they probably would take some action.
The meeting had the atmosphere of 'I don't need to take care of this
personally'. But Shiroe had his doubts, as they had not confirmed that the
'Knights of Izumo' were operating normally as usual.
Shiroe fell into a feeling of self-loathing, thinking that he was worrying
about this too much. He was interested in the southwards march of the
goblins, recalling that the Elder Tales official setting only said 'the goblin
king who survives the week of his coronation will unite the surrounding
forces and build an empire'.
(...Can we really leave this alone?)
Shiroe did not have a clear answer in his heart. The fact was that he had to
worry about the 'Spirit Theory' issue, making him hesitate about starting a
grand-scale war.

Part 4
"Princess, princess... Princess Raynesia?"
The maid's call made Raynesia turn around.
"What is it...?"
Raynesia tilted her head slightly up, the knights of the court would be
mesmerized by just this look and swear their eternal fealty to her, that was
how adorable and beautiful she was. But the one before her was the maid
that had been taking care of her for the longest time.

"Thinking about something? It is still too early to think about lunch, right?"
The maid said in a overly familiar tone.
But her accusation was quite generous, 'thinking' was a rare action that
Raynesia took. The time she spent looking 'depressed' was longer than the
time she spent thinking. But her most common action was just 'dazing
around'.
"Eh? Elissa, do I look like I am thinking?"
Raynesia was probably used to it and did not make any rebuttal, and just
made a query.
The maid Elissa made her way to the back of Raynesia who was sitting at
the dressing table to comb her beautiful silver hair.
"Yes, you look like you were thinking, which is so rare for the princess."
This made Raynesia think in silence again, this was a rare sight indeed.
The key of differentiating her actions was in her gaze. When she was
looking slightly down and not displaying any emotions, she was 'thinking'.
If she looked to the bottom left and looked like she was smiling despite
being troubled, she was 'depressed'. If the princess was fretting and
depressed over small matters, this was the expression she made.
This was the truth behind the face the scholars and bureaucrats praised as
'sorrowful look of the melancholic beauty'. The things she was fretting
about were usually stuff like 'did I eat too much last night?' or 'I hope they
don't throw away my old pajamas'.
The expression popular with the knights and muscular men was the
'dazing around' expression. Her head tilted slightly upwards, a tipsy look as
if she was daydreaming, with a faint hint of a smile. If she was dazing too
much, her eyes would shine, making her even more alluring.
Since she was just dazing around, if you asked her you would realize she
was not thinking about anything, the most she would say would be
something on the level of 'Ah, the weather is nice' or 'I want to take a nap
in my room'. She sounded like an idiot when she said that, and from what

Elissa saw, the Raynesia she was serving under was a real idiot, there was
no mistake.
At least that was so for their daily lives.
(This is hard, beauties are hard to handle.)
Elissa could only sigh.
Since Elissa was a maid serving the princess, she was also quite a beauty
herself. If she had some time off and walked in the city, there would be
tons of men hitting on her.
From Elissa's view, she was a pretty charming woman, but to the standard
of a fancy beauty. Real beauties were ladies like Raynesia, a beauty at this
level had the ability to be independent of the person herself, letting others
ignore things like her personality and thoughts, a whole dimension by itself.
(I don't really envy her though.)
Elissa sighed softly as she combed the princess' luscious and silvery hair,
each strand passing through her fingers was like a treasure as valuable as
gold.
"...Didn't come today."
Elisa wanted to tease the princess and said.
"Ah?"
"Krusty-sama."
"...Why did you ask?"
"It is nothing, the two of you kept having lunch together recently, he usually
comes to visit the princess around this time."
"Is...that so..."
Raynesia replied in a mildly panicky tone. The slightly embarrassed
Raynesia was not the princess the knights adored.
This princess was a beauty, but she was closer to being naive and clumsy
instead of a fancy lady... she was just a useless girl, but Elissa admired her
useless mistress.

"Yeah, that is correct. The animal known as man doesn't pay attention to
details since the start of civilization. We are having a hard time with just the
clothes we brought along, but he never cares about our problems with our
wardrobes, it is really making me speechless... I remember lunch
yesterday was a pearl-color gown, light purple shawl and purple crystal
necklace. The day before was light purple rose satin... right, the one with
the double layer material."
"Yeah."
Raynesia had a surprised expression, from the look she was giving Elissa
through the mirror, she didn't understand what she was saying.
"Listen carefully princess, this is not 'Castle Cinderella' in Maihama, so
your wardrobe is very limited. If you have lunch with a specific male
continuously, there is a limit to the combination of clothes you can wear.
Since it is lunch, you cannot wear dresses for dinner banquets, you need
to pay attention to the amount of skin you show. If lunch is in the courtyard,
you will need to wear matching sleeve designs, and you need to choose
according to the wallpaper color if you are eating indoors..."
Raynesia digested these words for a while, then gingerly expressed her
views.
"I am fine with yesterday's clothes."
"No way, wearing the same clothes for meals 2 days in a row, you think
you are a country girl?"
Elissa rejected Raynesia's suggestion.
"I can wear the long sleeve silk blouse and plaid skirt..."
"That is indoor casual wear! And this is the specific costume you always
laze around in!"
Facing the aggressive Elissa, Raynesia made a puppy face and kept quiet.
Even this expression looked like she was hiding her sorrows, bearing her
painful troubles, beauties were terrifying.
(But her nature is a useless bum, things like plaid skirts are not meant to
be seen by men, she is not a bar hostess!)
"But I don't think that person is concerned about these things..."

"Wrong! The animal known as man may say he doesn't mind, but he will
tabulate the scores in his heart, it must be like this. They will say 'I like your
most natural look', but when they see a woman who just woke up they will
turn their gaze far away. What they need is not 'most natural look', but your
'seemingly most natural look'! Listen, in the end the princess..."
The sound of the knocking door interrupted Elissa's spirited lecture.
Raynesia's father Feynail entered with the butler without waiting for their
reply.
"Ah, Raynesia, calm down and listen to me."
Feynail tried to hide his exasperation, took a glass of water, and drank half
of it before continuing.
"A goblin army is heading towards Maihama, 10,000 in strength and seems
to be increasing. They might number tens of thousands in a few days, but
that is the worse case scenario."
Elissa was unable to get what he was saying.
10 times of a hundred was a thousand, 10 times that was ten thousand.
The city of Maihama had the largest population within the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal', numbering about 20,000 which included the
farmers and merchants. The military might of Maihama included a
thousand guards that maintained peace and order in the city, the 400
knights stationed in Maihama, and if you added in other patrolling knights,
it would barely reach 2000.
When Elissa realized it, she felt her blood draining away in an instant.
10,000 enemy troops!
The enemy were demihumans, so the civilian militia wouldn't be able to
match up to them. Elissa heard about defense battle using a fortress, but
10,000 against 2000 sounded like a lost cause to a woman with no military
knowledge.
"Those ugly bastards might not be after our precious Maihama, Tsukaba
and a few other nobles' territories are also in the danger zone. But we

cannot afford to let down our guard, I plan to return to Maihama
immediately."
"Dear Father, I will also..."
Raynesia got up from her chair.
She had a sharp and serious expression.
Raynesia might not be good at socializing with others, was lazy, loved to
daze around, and didn't look like a daughter of a prestigious clan.
But just because she didn't act like one, it didn't mean she was not suitable
to be one.
This sloppy and careless princess had the bloodline of one of the only two
duke clans... Clan Corwen. Elissa had never doubted that the princess she
was taking care of was of noble birth and had high potential.
"No, there is no need, you can just stay here."
"Why? With our land in danger, we need to all go back..."
"No, Father-in-law will also stay here."
Father-in-law referred to the current head of the family, Duke Sergead.
Raynesia's mother Sarariya was the daughter of Sergead, her father
married into the clan.
"We have not determined the true intention of the invading army, from the
scale, they are not only after Maihama. It won't be too serious if they only
attack Maihama... the worse case will be the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal' being wiped off the face of the map. To counter this, the League will
need to unite to face our adversaries together. As the chairman of the
League, Father-in-law cannot leave this palace. You need to become his
pillar of support... Do you understand?"
Feynail came just to say these words.
He did not wait for his daughter to reply and hastily left the room, Elissa
bowed deeply to bid him farewell.

Feynail was Elissa's main employer. Compared to her times with Raynesia
or her mother, Elissa had little contact with her employer, and he gave her
an impression of being a honest man.
The lord of Maihama was Duke Sergead.
He inherited his role at a young age and was brilliant in his governance,
enjoyed a good reputation, and was loved by his people. His daughter and
granddaughter Raynesia were also very well-liked.
Compared to direct bloodline descendants, his son-in-law Feynail was like
an outsider. Even though saying it this way sounded wrong, but he could
not avoid the criticism of leaving a weak impression on the people.
He was not a knight or the son of a noble, he was just a bureaucrat with a
normal background. He was in the economic department and rose in rank
over time. Elissa heard from her parents when Feynail was marrying into
the clan, the people were not really disappointed, but just had the feeling of
missed expectations.
But you could not feel the gentleness of his bureaucratic background when
you looked at his back as he rushed back to his land without hesitation. If
he was really so frail and weak, Sergead would not have approved of him,
and Elissa agreed with the Duke's judgement.
"Dear father..."
"Princess?"
Raynesia's whimper made Elissa focus on her.
Raynesia was thinking.
No, this was different from the normal-thinking Raynesia she had seen so
far.
Her eyes seemed to be looking at something without form and shape,
nursing a flame that was burning slowly. Her graceful stance had an air of
nobility, you could not jokingly describe it as being depressed.
"Princess...?"
Raynesia did not hear Elissa's words and bit her lips gently.

Part 5
This was Sand Leaf peninsula, an abandoned school grounds on a gentle
hill near the sea. There were many Adventurers gathered on the field.
They were all chatting among themselves with tense expressions. They
were not a formal army, so there were no officers nagging at them and
asking them to form up and behave. They gathered in small groups with
people they were familiar with or at about the same level and were
awaiting orders.
No one made any suggestions, but the Adventurers had already accounted
for all their things and packed them away. There were several wooden
barrels in the central tent, someone would help you refill your water bottles
with ice cold black rose tea over there.
These should be initiatives taken by the campers, the Adventurers that had
taken the tea would return to their companions and continue to talk softly.
In the sky to the west, the sun which looked bigger than it was during the
day was setting, it was already evening.
Adventurers kept entering and leaving the only tent left in the center of the
field.
Following the guideline that was announced, they would be using this
campus as a base until they had accounted for everyone. This also meant
that they would be leaving after making sure everybody was safe.
Maryele looked outside the tent and sighed.
Nyanta, Naotsugu, Maryele, Shouryuu, Rezarick, and other level 90
players were holding a meeting in the tent.
The supervisor for this summer training camp was Maryele, Crescent
Moon Alliance was a small guild, but it was one of the 11 guilds that set up
the Round Table Council. The other members of the council were either at
the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice', or were back in Akiba, so the training of
the beginners was left in Maryele's care.
The news of the Sahuagin and goblin attacks had already been reported
back to the Round Table Council, they must be coming up with some
follow-up measures.

"Mary-san? Don't think too hard about it, just leave it to Shiro and
Henrietta-san, alright? Don't worry, be it through tricks or treachery, they
will think of a good way to deal with this."
"Thanks, Naotsugu-yan."
Maryele smiled brilliantly like usual.
She thought that smiling in this situation was not too good, but feeling the
sincerity of others made her happy. This youth Naotsugu... That didn't
sound right, he was only a year or two younger, he should be an adult ...
He was usually so brash and bold, so it was hard to imagine that he was
actually delicate and kind at heart. When Maryele noticed this, she was
always delighted when he showed his concern.
"Alright! Let me give you a hug! A hug as thanks!"
Maryele hid her embarrassment and hugged the panicky Naotsugu tightly,
Naotsugu with his red face and helpless demeanor was so cute and
interesting.
"Eh! Wait, Mary-san, don't do that! Stop...Swimsuit...Touching...!"
Naostugu whose mind was in total chaos surprised Maryele, but she
continued to hug Naotsugu's head as Nyanta intervened with his kind
words.
"Maryele-cchi? I think you should change your clothes nya, it is already
evening. cough cough, about that... just wearing a bikini and a hoodie is a
bit too stimulating for Naotsugu-cchi nya."
This advice made Maryele realize the situation and she backed away
hastily.
She was so nervous all the while and did not notice she was essentially
half naked.
(Heavens... that was careless of me, I am wearing this when I... Boo hoo...
Now he will think of me as a brainless girl. Thankfully Henrietta is not here,
or she would give me a lecture...)
Her chest that was pressing against Naotsugu felt warm, the heat seemed
to be coming from her sense of shame, her face had the same warmth.
Maryele rushed into the depths of the tents and took out armor to change

into, no one should be able to see her behind the screens. But she did not
take off her swimwear, and just wore a tunic and armor over it.
"Sorry to disturb! Players above level 30 are all accounted for! Everyone is
present!"
Maryele was changing so she could not see this, but she heard Nyanta
accept the report from the camper. Everyone was accounted for, no
attendees were lost, Maryele felt a heavy weight was off her shoulders.
The retreating battle from the beach was really fierce.
The enemy level was low, but their numbers were very troublesome. The
strategy for long-term battles and short-term battles were different, which
was basically the allocation of MP usage.
Cleric Maryele was a healer, and if the healer ran out of MP it meant the
supply of healing spells would stop. In order to keep the party members
alive, healers needed to manage their MP carefully. In Elder Tales, a
normal party raiding a dungeon would get into battles that lasted from 30
seconds to several minutes, so players would find it hard to control their
resources for battles that went over 10 minutes.
Only players in major guilds who took part in 'Raids' would have
experience in long and pitched battles.
They retreated with much difficulty.
There were people wounded in the battle, but they were cured by the
healers. Shouryuu commented that the beginners were now more
courageous and spirited after experiencing this retreating fight, so they did
gain something out of this.
After Maryele finished changing and tidying her hair, there was a
commotion outside the tent. She heard Naotsugu call "Mary-san!" and walk
out into the purple night sky. There were many specks of lights wavering in
the forest of the distant mountain range.
"...Those are torches nya."
Nya mentioned softly.

This was a scene out of a fantasy, and it was an uneasy and looming sight.
With the red burning sun as the background, Sand Leaf's forest in the
mountain was falling into darkness. Countless specks of light shone and
moved through the forest, like ants carrying lights and marching forward.
"From the looks of it, 100-150?"
Naotsugu said softly.
The number of torches was not equivalent to the number of goblins, but
there were at least that number of goblins moving through the forest,
Maryele realized that they were no longer hiding their movements.
The countless specks of light were a wordless warning from the goblins
that 'We will attack you next'.
"Bring me the map!"
"Ah, wait a minute, I will use 'Magic Torch'."
The veteran players from 'Keele' and 'West Wind Brigade' were estimating
the positions of the goblins on the map. Serara was holding the edge of
Nyanta's shirt with unease, while Nyanta studied the maps and the
markings, and lifted his head and looked to the southeast.
Nyanta decided to use the griffon to scout from the sky while there was still
daylight, he should be the one who was most familiar with the movements
of the goblins.
Everyone in the plaza didn't panic when they saw this strange sight. Put
simply, since everyone was accounted for, they could hold a camp-closing
ceremony in Akiba 15 minutes later. Since they could use 'Call of Home',
they did not have the feeling of desperation.
In this world, Adventurers were very strong.
(Anyways, we need to wait for the Round Table Council to make a
decision. But since everyone is safe, I should report that to them...)
As Maryele was considering this, Nyanta had a troubled expression as he
approached with Serara and Minori. Naotsugu and Rezarick were by
Maryele's side. It seemed like Nyanta had something to say to the camp
leaders.

"What is it? Did something happen?"
Maryele asked.
"The situation is a bit troubling nya, no, there is no need to be troubled at
all, but, eh...."
Nyanta didn't know where to start.

"Something wrong? Chief, just say what is on your mind."
Naotsugu probably noticed Maryele's perplexed face, and directly asked
his guild-mate from Log Horizon about it.
"...That group seems to be on their way to assault Choshi nya. It is not the
whole army, probably a mid-size splinter group that is responsible for
pillaging nya. The main army seems to be situated more to the north
nya...In other words, they plan to use Choshi as their granary nya."
"Choshi doesn't have walls."
Minori interjected.
The hands of the middle-school girl were shaking, but she steadied herself
forcefully and continued:
"If we don't do something, Choshi won't last the night."

Part 6
"So many...?"
Michitaka kept repeating this like a parrot.
There were 5 people in this meeting room.
D.D.D's leader 'Berserker' Krusty.
West Wind Brigade's harem style guild master Soujirou.
Oceanic Systems' 'Strong Armed' boss Michitaka.
Crescent Moon Alliance's stand-in guild master Henrietta.
And Log Horizon's 'Black Heart Glasses' Shiroe.
The crisis of the sudden attack at Sand Leaf peninsula prompted the
Round Table Council to hold a meeting to discuss the situation. Maryele
who was leading the training camp in Sand Leaf and Shiroe's group who
was meeting with the People of the Land at the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal
Ice' were attending through telepathy.
The conclusion of the discussion could be summarized simply, 'Standby'.

They were unable to come to a final conclusion at this current phase, they
could only continue to keep communications open, gather more
intelligence, and standby while observing how the situation would develop,
this was the general feel after the discussion.
But they could not let their guards down and must be ready for anything.
Shiroe made 3 suggestions to the Round Table Council, the first was to
strengthen the defense of the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice', there were
many nobles gathered here, they needed to ensure their safety. The
nobles had their own bodyguards, but the Adventurers felt they were not
strong enough.
After the telepathy discussion with the Round Table Council ended, West
Wind Brigade was the first to heed Shiroe's call and rushed to the 'Ancient
Palace of Eternal Ice'.
The 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice' was situated to the southwest of the
ruins of Eastal city, it was unlikely the goblins would attack here, this was a
safe zone that didn't need any reinforcements. But the meeting among the
nobles was still unclear, from the few ways Shiroe predicted their meeting
could go, Shiroe or Krusty might not be able to continue discussions with
the People of the Land, so there was a need to send reinforcements from
Akiba.
But if a big-scale reinforcement army was to arrive while they were still in
the middle of discussion, the People of the Land might view this as an act
of hostility. Taking this fact into account, West Wind Brigade was a
relatively small guild among them and volunteered to lead the way.
West Wind Brigade made camp a 10 minutes ride away from the 'Ancient
Palace of Eternal Ice', and Soujirou entered the palace with a few
attendants.
Akiba and Shibuya were the 2 cities closest to the 'Ancient Palace of
Eternal Ice' in the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'. If they needed to
rush, they could arrive in 2 hours riding a horse, so Soujirou was in position
that very evening.
According to reports, it had been confirmed that the goblin army was
situated around the root of Sand Leaf peninsula.

Shiroe marked out the rough position on the map, this place was near
Abiko and Toride in the real world. They were satellite cities in old Japan,
but they were just unexplored and green hill regions here.
"This is their headquarters, they are divided into tribes and coordinating
their movements, but their teamwork is not perfect. Even if you can feel
they are lead by the goblin king, their command system is still scattered
and lacks uniformity. Their range of operations is wide and unregulated,
which makes them harder to handle."
Shiroe expressed his views.
By looking at the map you could tell the enemy was within reach of the
area under the influence of the abandoned capital city Eastal. If you drew a
line between Tsukaba and Maihama, the army was right between them, in
a position to disrupt their forces from cooperating.
"Because their movements are erratic, we cannot grasp their actual
numbers even after receiving several reports... If the latest air surveillance
report is reliable, there are at least 15,000 goblins."
"15,000..."
Henrieta gasped. She was not the guild master of the guild that was a
member of the Round Table Council, she was just standing in for Maryele
who was away for the summer training camp in Sand Leaf. Hence, she
was avoiding speaking out in this discussion, but she couldn't help herself.
"The number is not very threatening."
Soujirou said with a straight face.
"If the enemy has the same number as us, we the Adventurers can take
them on one after another. The enemy this time are goblins, even mid-level
players should be able to battle 10 rounds, right? I am confident my guild
can take out 1,500 of them."
He had a point, but his words were like those of a demon.
"Aye, we might be able to do that, but the meeting with the nobles won't go
so smoothly."
Michitaka replied, Soujirou laughed charmingly, scratched his head and
said: "You are right."

"As concluded in the telepathy meeting, the Round Table Council will leave
the decision in the hands of the ambassador party led by Krusty. Since the
goblins are sending an army to attack, the nobles of Eastal should be
talking about this, right? So instead of discussing in Akiba, it is more
efficient to do that here."
They basically decided to wait and see. But the nobles might ask for their
aid, so Akiba shouldn't force their views when talking about
countermeasures with them, this was the answer Akiba chose.
In this negotiation, it would be best to give the ambassador on the scene
the authority to make decisions, this was the faith the Round Table Council
had in their 3 ambassadors.
"Leave it to us, we won't sell Akiba out."
Michitaka laughed softly and promised Soujirou.
Shiroe looked at Krusty.
The big and handsome man with a calm expression was studying the map
in silence.
"...the 'Knights of Izumo' are not deploying?"
Shiroe understood the question Krusty asked, and the meaning behind it.
"I think they are involved in some other incident we don't know about like
the 'Suzaku Gate's Ghost Festival'."
'Suzaku Gate's Ghost Festival' was a periodic quest like 'The Return of the
Goblin King', the quest activating once every 3 months. The story setting
was based on the doors of hell opening and the ghosts and spirits roaming
the earth.
The difference between the two was that 'The Return of the Goblin King'
was situated in the northeast, 'Suzaku Gate's Ghost Festival' happened in
the 'Bane of Heian'.
In other words, if there was something similarly happening in the west, the
'Knights of Izumo' might be on their way there to help. Shiroe didn't think
this was the case, but he still brought this theory up.

"Yeah..."
Shiroe was unable to tell if Krusty accepted this reasoning, he just crossed
his arms and fell into silence again.
(...This might be my chance to tell the truth.)
Shiroe was planning all sorts of things and trying to predict how things will
pan out. But he decided this based on a premonition he had.
"I have something else to report."
"Hmmm? Shiroe-dono, what is it?"
"Shiroe-sama...?"
Shiroe waited for all of them to focus on him and said:
"It is about death in this world. We will respawn in the cathedral after dying,
so we just assume that by paying the penalty of lost EXP we can revive.
This is the setting in Elder Tales, we were too naive to think this is what is
happening."
Shiroe's speech made Krusty who was thinking silently lift his head and
listen intently.
"According to my sources...This has not been confirmed, but there are
risks in dying even in this world, you will not only lose some of your items
and a bit of EXP... Death is when our 'Souls', and our 'Essence' are reborn
in bodies. At that time we will lose some memories."
The grand and luxurious meeting room was filled with a tense air so strong
that you could almost feel it with your fingers.
"How many memories you lose or which part you will lose, I am not sure...
But based on my sources, this is how our death system works."
It felt like no one was reacting to what Shiroe said.
After a long period of time, Krusty replied.
"I understand...so, that is the reason behind my memory loss of the old
world, I know that now."

"...!"
The group threw their gazes at the calm burly warrior. Krusty remained
unfazed even with so many pairs of eyes on him.
"D.D.D is a battle guild, before the revolution in Akiba, we did some live
battle training to adapt to this alternate world and I have experienced death
several times. I didn't notice it normally, but there is definitely something
missing, although I cannot be sure... But I think the memories we have of
the old world will selectively be lost.
"Eh, this..."
"So this will happen, hey!"
"Specifically speaking which part? to what extent?"
Henrietta and Michitaka stood up in screams, but Shiroe stopped them and
asked Krusty while looking him in the eye.
"I experienced death twice after the Catastrophe, it is hard to say which
part of the memories were lost. If the clue about the memory is also gone,
it is hard for me to know. But I am sure that the memories I have lost so far
are just a small part. The grade-school I studied in, the nickname and face
of my good friend in middle- school, my desktop picture, the lyrics of the
songs I like... These memories are still here, so judging from my
perspective, I did not lose any memories. But I cannot recall the name of
my cat, what she looks like...there is a problem with this effect, it is hard to
say if this is due to the problem of the soul or I just plainly forgot about her.
By the way, I have very good memory, so I deduced the reason I forgot is
because of some special reason, and has something to do with us coming
into this alternate world, that is about all I can say about this. Information
about my name, friends, and relatives seems to be intact, I am not sure if
the important memories are protected, or they just happened to not be
affected... But if you go by my example, dying a few times would not have
much effect, even if you accumulate 10 deaths it will not affect our daily
lives."
...even if you accumulated 10 deaths it would not affect your daily life.
Forgetting your cat's name would not cause any serious problems, and
wouldn't affect your life in any meaningful way.
But even if it did't affect your daily life, this was still a stunning revelation.

In some ways, Shiroe's prediction was correct. As he expected, you would
only lose some memories when you died, you would not lose everything.
Even the subject in question wouldn't really notice the gradual loss of
memory, this prediction was correct.
But even so, this fact still hit him hard. You were not losing other things,
but your memory of your old world. This would be a news full of impact to
the players, not in a rational way but it would instill fear on the instinctual
level.
Krusty smiled at the dumbstruck group.
"Don't be so pessimistic, you won't lose your memory if you don't die,
also..."
From the corner of Shiroe's eye, he could see Soujirou consoling Henrietta
whose face was pale. This harem builder would definitely raise his love
points with the girls in this type of situation.
Michitaka stayed still in a daze after saying: "So this will happen..."
For Shiroe, the second half of Krusty's speech that the group did not really
listen to was the main point.
Krusty said with determination in a gentle and soft voice.
'... also, if we don't find the meaning behind this, it would mean living is
more terrifying than death in both worlds, right?'
Shiroe kept these words in the bottom of his heart.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Raynesia
Level: 12
Race: Human
Class: Noble
HP: 909
MP: 455 <td>Equipment
Ring of White Tree<br\> A toy ring made from a white tree, with a pale rose
stone on it. Although Raynesia cannot wear this amongst noble social
circles, it is her favorite. There is reason to be cautious. This has been
handed down for generation from mother to daughter.
Crystal Tone Music Box<br\> Music box made of mithril discs and crystal
blades. It used to move through the magic of the Alv's, but that power was
lost with their destruction. By turning the mechanisms manually, one can
play songs of the past.
Rose Blossom Dress<br\> A beautiful light pink dress hemmed to look like
rose petals. The colors of each piece of cloth are slightly different and
catches the eyes at every angle. Also, the comfort of the wearer was not
considered at all.

Chapter 2: A lazy and cowardly princess
Part 1
The group made preparations hastily.
This was the abandoned school campus in Sand Leaf peninsula, the only
Round Table Council member present... Crescent Moon Alliance's Maryele
made a passive decision.
They were to move in the direction of Choshi.
These Adventurers had no motivational factor driving them to protect a
town belonging to the People of the Land. But if they left them alone in this
moment of crisis, it would become an uncomfortable memory.
They needed to at least warn Choshi about this... based on this judgement,
the group would be heading there for now.
But there was a party that was moving independently from this decision.
It was Tohya's 5-man party.
They finished preparations early and were the first among the summer
training camp groups to head towards Choshi. The streets seemed to be
safe for now, but Tohya's party had to stay alert. They were currently
keeping a further distance away from each other compared to when they
were in the dungeon, moving in high alert formation through the fields.
Rundelhous conjured 'magic light', illuminating the surroundings more than
a torch. But in the untamed lands of the alternate world, the darkness
seemed impenetrable after nightfall.
"What about there?"
Tohya said every time he saw a building by the river. The party would act
depending on the situation, either shouting loudly or sending Isuzu to
check the buildings alone.
If the People of the Land were still in the building for some reason, they
might lose their lives easily if they were attacked by Sahuagin or goblins.
Tohya thought these people had to seek refuge in Choshi for the night, and
they were checking the houses out of their own initiative.

"Hello...! Is anyone there...?"
Tohya shouted towards the house then turned towards Isuzu. She shook
her head in silence. Seems like nobody was there, so there should be no
problem. After Tohya's party confirmed this, they continued towards
Choshi.
"Everyone seems to have evacuated."
"Yeah."
Minori answered Isuzu.
Tohya scanned the area around them carefully while listening to their
conversation.
There were no signs of goblins in this farm that was near the coastline. But
it was close to the sea, no one knew when the Sahuagin would jump out
from the darkness.
The party split their attention in all directions and moved on slowly.
... In the evening, Tohya saw countless specks of lights on the hills from
the school campus, understanding the gravity of the situation and steeled
himself. They might be involved in battles from now on, Nyanta, Naotsugu,
and Maryele were conversing in a low voice. There were obvious feelings
of fear, but there was a strong sense of nervousness in the air.
Tohya crossed his arms and looked at the goblins' congregation in the
distance. His sister Minori came over.
(Is something wrong with Minori?)
Tohya was shocked.
From what Tohya knew, Minori had never been so pale as she bit her lips
tightly. Minori looked around her, then said to Tohya unhesitatingly.
"Let's get ready to go, I think we should head to Choshi... I need to speak
to Nyanta-san again, please help me convince everyone Tohya."
Minori turned and left Tohya with these words.
Tohya seemed to be driven by the way his sister said these words, and
started to gather his comrades. They wanted to be the first among the

summer training camp to head for Choshi. If you considered the facts you
could see that this was a highly risky move, the advance party would have
a high chance of encountering monsters.
He thought some of his comrades would object to this, but unexpectedly,
he was able to convince them in a very short time. Only Serara was a bit
hesitant, but she agreed after Isuzu pleaded with her.
Speaking of unexpected events, he didn't think that Isuzu would be so
supportive of this plan.
Tohya was so calm that he surprised himself, accepting the situation with a
high level of concentration. He was not doing this solely for Minori's sake;
even if they were People of the Land, Tohya could not allow himself to
leave the defenseless townsfolk behind.
(If we don't do something, the town will be destroyed by the goblins in a
blink of an eye...)
Tohya learned the details about the life in the town from Minori, and
thought of Choshi as a kind and open town for the fisherman. Choshi was
in Sand Leaf peninsula and was not a fortress city or under the jurisdiction
of any nobles, they might be able to form militias, but they wouldn't have
military might comparable to an order of knights. But with the influence of
Maihama and Tsukuba, they had maintained relatively peaceful lives in this
fishing town.
With the flow of the Sand Leaf River nearby, the plains nearby were fertile
and relatively flat.
The closer the land was to Choshi, the faster they were irrigated. The farm
plots were squared and shaped like bricks, with wheat, Cole crops and
some rice growing beautifully in the land.
Even in the darkness, Sand Leaf with the summer breeze from the sea
was a really marvelous place.
The members of the summer training camp formed a long line as they
walked from the school campus towards Choshi. Some of them banded
together by levels, others by guilds, some just walked together with their
friends.

Even if they were moving at night, these beginners were still Adventurers.
They cast their own magical light sources and moved tirelessly. Some
were riding horses, but it was dangerous as you couldn't see where you
were stepping, so most of them preferred to walk.
Minori's party was much further ahead from the front of this line.
After walking for 30 minutes, Minori suddenly said:
"...I think we must protect this town."
Tohya understood her feelings.
Tohya also wanted to protects, and felt they should protect them.
But they had no reason to.
The town was the residence of the People of the Land, they had nothing to
do with Minori and Tohya. They didn't accept any quests, so they wouldn't
receive any items or gold as rewards if they saved the town.
It was not a player city, and they didn't really know anyone there, just
townsfolk they met for the first time during this training camp.
Even though there were no reasons, they still felt an urgent obligation to
help. It might be unfathomable, but Tohya had this emotion in him, just like
a rock in his heart.
But because he couldn't find the reason to help, he couldn't describe it
well.
Maybe his other companions had the same thoughts, Isuzu, Rundelhous,
and Serara were all deep in thought as they moved.
There was a dark feeling of unease in his heart, he could not dismiss this
sense of helplessness and confinement. Even if he hated his lack of ability
and struggled to leave, his limbs felt like they were immobilized in a
nightmare. This feeling of helplessness lingered in the air around Tohya's
group.
"I think that way because... we don't have any pressing reason to help
but..."
Minori was at a loss for words.

Gazing up at the forest on the other end of the mountain, you could see
torchlights like needles that were flickering with malice in the dark.
"Although it is scary, I don't think we should stop."
Isuzu was a little uneasy, but you could feel her determination in her
words.
Two-thirds of the summer training camp attendees were beginners, and
they had various levels among them. Some were between level 20-30,
some were even lower, you needed to be at least level 20 to battle the
goblins.
And they could not ascertain the enemy numbers.
Nyanta called them 'a mid-size splinter group that is responsible for
pillaging', Naotsugu estimated there were at most 200 of them. But it was
hard to give a good estimate in the dark.
There were countless reasons why they shouldn't help.
They had no reason to help.
What they did have, was the emotion of wanting to help.
The sound of the waves surrounded Tohya's silent-moving group. The sea
was pitch-black, only the waves that washed ashore could be seen under
the moonlight.
With the moonlight and the sound of waves in the background, Tohya had
a stroke of inspiration.
"Do we need a reason?"
"Ah?"
Serara asked in surprise.
"Do we need a reason to help?"
After Tohya finished, a strange and wonderful silence fell between them.

"Even if there is no reason, we can still give them a hand, we are
Adventurers, right? Because this is an adventure, if the Adventurers want
to help, we can do so even if there is no reason, right?"
As Tohya said these words, the murky emotions inside him started to take
shape. That's right. Tohya questioned himself on why he was so troubled
over this.
Why was he trying to find a reason?
Did he want to explain it to someone?
You didn't need a reason to help people.
"Right? Minori and everyone, since we want to help, we should just help
them, it's that simple right? Because we want to help!"
Tohya puffed up his chest and shouted.
"That's right!"
The first to respond to Tohya was Rundelhous, he nodded strongly and put
his hand on Tohya's shoulder, breaking his silence and showing his
support.
"Fu fu fu, to think I was in a slight disarray. That is correct, we are
Adventurers. If we run away now, then why did we become Adventurers in
the first place, wouldn't that be putting the cart before the horse? The
goblins are nothing!"
Rundelhous let go of Isuzu's slightly worried hand.
"I am also a small part of the Adventurers, I don't want to abandon Choshi
and escape to Akiba shamelessly!"
"Please...Please wait a moment, what are we going to do? How are we
going to protect the town? They have no walls, and they have twice our
numbers!"
Tohya and Rundelhous were congenial with each other, but Serara raised
an objection in a shrill voice.
"We will leave this to Minori."
"Ah?"

Tohya's change of subject made Minori's eyes open wide in astonishment.
Tohya felt sorry for being unreasonable, but if he didn't push Minori on, his
passion would be all a waste.
Lighting a fire under Minori was Tohya's duty.
Tohya understood that being rash like this was the best way to go about it.
"...protect. City walls...impossible...Enemy numbers, impossible..."
Minori started mumbling, her lips moved and said: "What would Shiroe-san
do...". Tohya who was watching this scene felt a bit confused as well as an
itching feeling of joy. Since his sister started thinking, there was nothing to
worry about.
3 steps, 5 steps.
With Tohya's group's eyes focusing on her, Minori stopped and nodded.
"I have an idea, there is one way."
(As expected of my Minori.)
His sister had a strong sense of responsibility, Tohya feared that she would
be crushed by the pressure, but he also thought the pressure would
become Minori's strength. From what Tohya saw, Minori had learned to
turn this sense of responsibility into a driving force to push her forward
after joining Log Horizon.
The source should be from her idolization of Shiroe, Tohya also looked up
to Naotsugu the warrior from a man's perspective, so he could understand
this.
"What is the way?"
Serara asked Minori gingerly.
"Miss Minori, I am all ears."
Rundelhous and the troubled Isuzu beside him also gathered by her side.
"With our numbers, we cannot successfully defend Choshi from the
goblins. Other than the goblins, we also need to contend with the
Sahuagin, their numbers are more than double that of ours. Not all of the

campers might want to take part, even if we fend them off, the fields will be
ravaged which will damage the town greatly... that's why... we cannot
protect."
Minori was firm with her words, even her brother Tohya was dumbstruck by
her attitude.
The party was silent after hearing her words.
Minori looked at the faces of her companions, and turned around suddenly
like a spring.
"Ah..."
"Hmmm, Minori-cchi's instincts have become sharp nya."
"The big brothers have come to visit, checking for any naughty boys and
girls who are up to no good, baby!"
"I am a old man nya."
"Nyanta-san!"
Minori saw Nyanta and Naotsugu, Shouryuu and Rezarick were also not
far behind. Serara was already hugging Nyanta's slender arms, her feet
were off the ground.
"Teacher Naotsugu!"
Tohya straightened his back on reflex. Naotsugu was not a strict teacher
who stood on ceremony, the problem lay with Tohya's consciousness. He
would straighten his back naturally in the presence of this veteran
guardian, but the two of them usually chatted without any inhibition about
girls and panties.
"Nyanta-san..."
Minori's expression was a bit worried, she didn't want to back down, she
looked at Nyanta as if she wanted to stare him down and said: "Please
give your permission", then bowed.
"That's right Chief Nyanta, teacher Naotsugu, this is the time where you
should watch us walk away in silence, that's the manly way to do it!"

Tohya stood beside Minori.
Minori must have thought of a way. She looked up to Shiroe and had been
learning things in order to catch up to him. She must have a plan to break
this stalemate, and if that were so, Tohya could not let Minori be the only
one caught in the spotlight.
"There is no need for permission, Adventurers are free by nature nya. If
you have made up your mind, even if the enemy has higher levels or if you
need help from your guilds, Adventurers are free to work towards their goal
nya... But Minori, this will be quite a difficult path to travel nya."
Nyanta seemed to know everything, Minori nodded her head to show her
determination.
"Understood nya, Puck also said that 'night is short, the summer night is
shorter.' So we should hurry, right Minori-cchi?"
Nyanta allowed Serara to hang from his arms and gave them a sharp look.
Tohya and Minori looked at each other and bumped their fists together.

Part 2
"1 party approaching from the eastern hill, another party 40m behind them,
2 other parties coming from the northwest."
The moonlight casted dark shadows of trees in the forest.
Minori used the binoculars she borrowed from Naotsugu to survey the area
from the top of the tree and reported to her teammates below.
"Roger."
"Understood, I will start chanting."
Minori's party was at the tip of the forest in the hills near the Sand Leaf
River. It was almost midnight, they were a distance away from the road
and on a hill the size of a sport stadium, standing by in the forest.

Minori climbed up a big and steady tree to survey the surroundings and
relayed the findings to her comrades, her duty right now was to reconnoiter
the area.
Tohya who already had damage intercept magic cast on him used this
barrier which had the effect of a mirror to charge into the darkness.
He was on his way to lure the goblin party from the eastern hills. After a
while, there was a sharp sound of a bowstring followed by the roar of
goblins rushing nearer through the grass.
Tohya received an all-round battle training in Log Horizon, including the
use of the bow which was not suitable for dungeons. Samurai were
compatible with bows and arrows and could equip horse-riding bows or
strong bows. Tohya used a strong bow to attract the attention of the
goblins from a distance away, attempting to lure them to his party's
position.
"...Approaching, 2 parties noticed us."
Minori's warning made her comrades take up their weapons and steel
themselves for battle. In this open space, the distance where a battle
would start was much further away, the tactics were different from that of
the narrow dungeons. The monsters and Adventurers would see each
other from far away and ranged attacks would start before they engaged in
a melee fight.
But there was a downside to this long-range battle as they might attract the
attention of the neighboring enemies as well. Tohya attacked with a bow
and drew 2 parties of about 10 monsters in. They were unable to confirm
the number in the dark, but Minori estimated from the swaying torches and
the sound of the grass.
"Please start the countdown."
Serara's tense voice stated.
Minori looked closely into the darkness with her binoculars,
phosphorescence appeared in the darkness illuminated by the moonlight.
'Moon Fae Drop' was an expensive mid-level eye potion made by
pharmacists, by using these eye drops, you would be able to see clearly in
the dark like a cat, the effect lasted for 24 hours. This was also a
consumable provided by Naotsugu.

"5...4...3...2..."
Minori concentrated and started counting down.
Serara filled her staff with the spell she prepared, and activated it when
Minori counted to 0.
About 30 meters away from the party, a sudden noise came from the forest
and the wild grass twisted densely in the night.
One of the 3 healer classes... Druid.
Each of the 3 class had their own unique spells, but they were not limited
to just healing.
Druids were mages that could use the power of the forest, their magic
came from the mysterious springs of Mother Nature. They were not
prominent in places like dungeons, but in the open world like this, the
potential power of nature could not be ignored. Druid was not a magic
attack class, their direct attack magic lacked power, but they were able to
use a variety of magic.
The spell Serara casted, 'Willow Spirits', could affect the surrounding
plants, stimulating the growth of branches and vines to entangle and bind
the enemy.
"Here they come!"
Tohya threw his strong bow behind the tree, drew his sword and faced the
front. The binding magic Serara prepared in advance had been activated
based on Minori's gauge of distance to only trap the enemies at the back,
leaving Tohya and Rundelhous to take care of the enemies in front.
"I can see them clearly, I leave the opening ceremony to you Tohya, make
us proud."
Rundelhous had been adjusting his thinking in the recent battle training.
He understood that he would have a chance to shine even if he left the
start of the battle to Tohya. He was more patient about using his magics
and would not think about stealing the show. He was now casting a spell to
buff Tohya's attacks, 'Icicle Blade'.

After Rundelhous finished casting, a chilling cold entwined Tohya's blade,
the icy surface flashing in the dark.
"My spell is different from an enchanter's, it will only cause a few additional
attacks, so go all-out right from the start."
Tohya nodded to acknowledge Rundelhous.
(We need to end this fast.)
The goblins were more formidable than skeletons, the group at the back
broke free from the binds and were on their way here after some time.
Serara's spell could bind all monsters within a certain area and hinder their
movement, but the effect was short.
Not only the group behind, the 2nd party was also on its way, there must
be even more hidden goblins in the hills.
Nyanta said there were at most 200, but that was wrong. There were
squirming movements all around the dark shadowy forest, they could not
imagine how many enemies were still in the dark.
"Rudy conserve your powerful spells, we will win this by superior numbers.
I can support for 30 seconds... 'Maestro Echo'!"
As Isuzu supported with her magic, Tohya and Rundelhous attacked the
goblins.
Swords and magic danced in the air.
Rundelhous understood Isuzu's instructions and repeatedly used
small-level spells in lieu of powerful single-shot magics. These spells had
low damage, but the cast time and cool down time were short, so it was
suitable for consecutive use.
Rundelhaus abandoned his powerful spell with a 5 second cast time,
opting to use consecutive magic attacks with 1.5 second cast times. The
ice and fire he conjured were beautifully echoed by Isuzu's singing.
A dark red music note followed every fire attack that hit, a sea-blue note
would complement any ice attack that connected.
Isuzu the bard had low attack power.

This was the fate of all support classes, something that could not be
helped.
But she was able to do other things because of this.
Isuzu received information from her 5 senses and duplicated Rundelhous'
magic through singing half a beat slower.
Being able to replicate an ally's magic attack, the ultimate skill of the bard.
A sorcerer naturally had high magic attacks, so what would happen if all
the magics were doubled? Isuzu's voice could only last for 30 seconds, but
it was more than enough to defeat the group of goblins.
Following right after was the 2nd wave of goblins that wounded Tohya all
over. But Minori's Damage Intercept spell negated the damage, the
remaining wounds were healed through magic. The 2 healers took turns to
heal and Rundelhous finished chanting his powerful magic after 5 seconds
of chanting. The group successfully took down the 10 goblins.

Part 3
"It may be difficult, but it is possible to win."
Serara who was healing Tohya responded, "Don't be careless."
Isuzu drank from her bottle and passed it to Rundelhous who was retying
his shoelaces. Rundelhous took the bottle and advised Serara, "Miss
Serara, it is taboo to be careless, but we will lose the chance to take victory
if we lack courage."
As the 4 of them caught their breath, Minori was fighting with a folded map.
This was given to her by Shiroe at the beginning of training camp as he
said 'Although I don't think it is necessary'. It was a map centered around
Sand Leaf peninsula, with details of the abandoned capital Eastal,
Tsukuba and other cities drawn finely on it.
Even with their enhanced night vision, it was hard to make out the contents
of the map. She hid among the grasses where the light would not leak out
and conjured 'Bugs Light'.

"Yes...Yes, we are fine, we are resting for now, heading towards
north-northwest correct? Okay...about 3km, roger, please ask Nyanta-san
and the rest to take care too."
Serara sounded like she was communicating through telepathy.
Minori's choice of tactics was pure and simple.
They were going to infiltrate and attack the goblin pillaging group in the
forest on the hill.
Since they could not completely protect the town, they had to take the
initiative to attack and make use of the forest the goblins were hiding in to
hold night strikes. There was no need to destroy all of their forces, goblins
were different from skeletons, they might be evil but they were still
demihumans. If you gave them a big enough blow, it would sap their
morale and make them flee.
In the process of protecting the village, if they could reduce the numbers of
attackers in advance, the defenders would have an easier job. This
strategy seemed so barbaric and looked desperate, but it was working
more smoothly than imagined.
Minori only had a rough plan in mind, but it was thanks to Nyanta and
Naotsugu fine-tuning the details and lending them items that it was going
so smoothly. And Nyanta's group was taking part in the operation as well.
Nyanta, Naotsugu, Shouryuu, and Rezarick headed straight to the center
of the goblins' pillaging group.
They lured in the goblins at the heart of the zone and proceeded to pick
them off one by one. Minori's group was on standby to the south of them to
deal with any escaping goblins or isolated parties. They had been
executing this battle plan for 2 hours.
Minori's party defeated about 20 goblins during this period. The parties of
5-6 goblins were easy to handle, but the solitary goblins were
unpredictable, it was hard to tell what they were trying to do.
They did not have permission from the supervisor... Crescent Moon
Alliance's Maryele to engage the army, so they were acting out of line.
Although Minori felt guilty about this, she tried not to think too deeply about

it. She felt she deserved the fierce lecture from Maryele when she reported
in through telepathy.
There was a need for most of the defending forces to be stationed at
Choshi to make this battle plan work. The smaller the number of guerrilla
forces, the more the impact and confusion they would create. This would
balance out the difference in numbers between the goblins and the
defending forces and improve the chances of the goblins giving up the
attack.
Maryele was not convinced by Minori, but she ended with the words
"Really, if you act recklessly, I won't forgive you, okay?" Minori thought she
was willing to forgive her actions. (Just a guess, but it should be correct.)
"We seem to have taken out all the surrounding enemies, shall we move?"
Isuzu substituted for Minori and surveyed the area with the binoculars.
"Towards the southwest direction... Ah, they are amazing, moving so
stealthily."
Isuzu sounded impressed as she reported in.
The party Nyanta and the others made on the spot was built around
Naotsugu and Rezarick, with the 2 swashbucklers Nyanta and Shouryuu
as the main damage dealers.
Swashbucklers used their high attack speed to build up damage on the
enemy, the 2 of them didn't have flashy or loud explosive spells like
sorcerers. They were able to deal consecutive area attacks on the enemy,
displaying their terrifying skills in guerrilla warfare in the forest.
(Hmm... Head north-northwest 3 km to the top of the mountain ridge...
Destination will be the abandoned shrine we visited... We should avoid the
forest trail...)
This route would lead down the valley, but they could make it to the other
side of the ridge.
"What should we do, Minori?"
Minori kept the map with everyone's eyes on her and nodded.

"We go down the valley to the west, then head northwest, stay alert."
The group moved as planned.
Minori received periodic reports from Nyanta and relayed them to Maryele.
Was Maryele discussing this with the People of the Land? Had the other
campers returned to Akiba with 'Call of Home'? No, there must be some
who stayed behind to defend Choshi.
Minori walked in the darkness, a sense of unease and futility filled her
heart.
They were just engaging a small part of the goblin army. Minori did not
know the details, but Nyanta spoke of a large tribe of goblins to the north,
they even reached the ruin capital Eastal, which was the start of this
incident.
In other words, they were just fighting the tip of the iceberg of the goblin
army, a splinter group of unregulated goblins.
When she thought of this, she felt a sense of emptiness.
Would fending off this pillaging group just be delaying the inevitable?
Minori could not stop her doubts from forming like rain clouds.
"It is dangerous to battle at night."
Tohya who was leading the group said.
"The silver flash when I draw my blade is blinding even with my enhanced
vision. We need to be wary of mud and roots to keep our balance, my
heart is beating fast, the stench of the blood and gore stinks, but..."
Tohya didn't turn around.
He remained focused and bashed a path through the vegetation as he
made his way down the valley.
"But I will do my best... I will just do my part to help."
Tohya's voice was like a torch burning in the darkness.
Minori lifted her gaze.

She watched the back of her brother, Tohya had the strong feeling that he
must protect and help. This was a strength Minori did not have, Tohya's
determination was both simple and straightforward, his speed was fast
enough to leave any doubts and confusion behind.
"Yeah, that will be enough."
Isuzu was the first to nod in agreement.
(As I suspected...)
The free-spirited Isuzu was actually agreeing with this, seemed like
Minori's prediction was correct.
Isuzu had been hesitant before the battle and had been concerned about
Rundelhous' safety. Since that was the case, they could not afford to lose.
Because Rundelhous was also Minori's comrade.
In order to protect his secret, in order to help her comrade, they had to
make it through.
"Why are you saying this? Tohya, Miss Isuzu, isn't it obvious that we need
to help these people since we are Adventurers? I am doing this because I
want to, because I want to be an amazing Adventurer."
Rundelhaus said spiritedly.
Tohya agreed in a loud voice.
Minori's duty was to protect this silly but adorable group.
Damage interception spells were not healing magic.
And from Minori's point of view, it was not really magic.
This was a promise to protect her friends. Since they would be fighting on
the same battlefield, she wanted to protect everyone and to shoulder any
crisis. She didn't even want them to feel the pain of being hit, that was her
ability and will as a kannagi.
(I am still too green... I am not strong enough to help meaningfully...)
She thought in her heart.

But even so, she carried on to think.
She would not say something vague like 'One day I will', she wanted the
strength tomorrow or even today.
For this reason she faced the darkness without fear.
"Halt!"
Isuzu's voice pulled Minori back to reality.
Isuzu squinted at the mountain ridge, there was only a pitch dark forest
ahead, but bards seemed to be more sensitive in detecting movements in
the dark.
She signaled with her hand and moved ahead to scout.
"It's a demonic beast... Not sure what type, but there are goblins riding on
giant canine creatures."
Isuzu reported softly, the wind blowing through the hill would not bring their
voices and scents to the mountain ridge so they had the advantage. But
the enemy had the higher ground so the terrain was in their favor.
"There are 3 demonic beasts and 3 goblins."
"Dire wolves... they are strong enemies."
Minori said quietly.
She only had elementary knowledge she learned from Shiroe. Dire wolves
were big feral wolves, but they were not wild animals. They were monsters
driven insane by magic and the power of the moon, twice as strong as
normal wolves.
"Any weaknesses?"
"Not many, but for this situation... bright light and loud noises, but that will
only work once."
Minori answered Rundelhous curtly.
But no one was hesitating, even if they were, they were not backing down.

"Let's do this, Rudy-nii please be our main striker, let's protect Rudy-nii and
win this one, Minori cast a barrier on him too, please coordinate attacks
with Rudy-nii, Isuzu-nee."
Tohya had the support of the group, and they turned their attention to the
ridge.
The moon was high in the sky, the long night was just beginning.

Part 4
Night fell in the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice'.
A meeting for interested parties was held in the brooding atmosphere. It
was not meant to be a compulsory meeting but almost all the nobles and
advisers for the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' and all 3 ambassadors
from the Round Table Council were present, so it was as good as the
grand meeting that was planned for the second half of the 10-day event.
A meeting with many attendees was usually a noisy place with people
fidgeting and coughing. But today no one was making any noise, as if they
were afraid of triggering something.
The topic was 'the security situation in the Yamato archipelago'.
The proposer for this meeting was Baron Craindit of Utsurugi Shrine city.
The Baron did not start this out of his own initiative, but because he was
unable to withstand the pressure of the situation, which was obvious to
everyone.
Baron Craindit who was chairing the meeting as its proposer was acting so
awkward that it was painful to watch, fidgeting with his beard and wiping off
cold sweat under Shiroe's stare.
"Even if you say that..."
"Hmmm..."
"Fu..."
The meeting was going in circles when it got to the main point, they had
not made any progress.

"The goblin army that appeared in the Yamato archipelago came from the
fortress 'Seven Falls'... that... ah... came to raze... our land...that's it."
After Baron Craindit who had obviously been forced to chair the meeting
stammered out this speech in a shrill voice tens of minutes ago, there had
been no further progress.
(From the viewpoint of the nobles, they want us to go into this topic
ourselves and gather our intelligence and force more concessions. Or they
are trying to guilt trip us for not attacking 'Seven Falls' in the first place...)
Shiroe observed the nobles as he thought. The lords had looks of fear,
despair, anger, and pleading on their faces.
Their attitude was full of unease, Marquis Kyriva from Tsukuba couldn't
seem to sit still, occasionally glaring at the Round Table Council members.
(Tsukuba... and Maihama are the closest cities to the goblin army, the
front-line of this war. Compared to the biggest city Maihama in the east,
Tsukuba is weak and their walls are fragile... I remember they are focused
on the study of magic and sages, so they must hold a grudge against us.)
"Ah, Eh, cough, and so... the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' is facing a
great crisis, the demihuman attacks are the most disastrous thing in
history, regarding this..."
Baron Craindit pushed the meeting forward with his dull words, but there
was numerous chatter breaking out in the room, the lords conversing with
their advisers and their neighboring nobles. Their voices were so low you
could not make out what they were saying, but combined together it gave
an air of commotion.
Looking to one side, he saw Michitaka shrugging.
The meeting was out in order.
But with the future of the Round Table Council at stake, they could not give
too much ground right now.
"May I ask, does anyone know the whereabouts of the 'Knights of Izumo'?"

Shiroe had no choice but to ask this way, and he seemed to have poured
cold water over the room, some of the nobles stared at Shiroe with wide
eyes and gaping mouths.
(What is this reaction? Do the People of the Land think we are monkeys
that cannot think? I guess this can't be helped, we were looking down on
the People of the Land and treating them like NPCs not too long ago, so
that makes us even, but... Seems like the 'Knights of Izumo' will not be
deploying. From their reaction, they seem to be engaged in another
crusade? Or is there a deeper reason?)
"The... the 'Knights of Izumo' are the guardian angels of Yamato, we
cannot trouble them to intervene in this fight. Moving on, may I ask the
members of the Round Table Council present why Akiba is not intervening
in the face of this grand crisis of Yamato? I have heard the elite order of
knights led by Lord Krusty is mighty and strong, is the Round Table
Council not deploying troops for this incident?"
"I don't think this meeting is to question what Akiba thinks, but to ascertain
what all the nobles of the League want, correct? The decision of the Round
Table Council is to gather more information about this incident."
Michitaka scratched his head and said nonchalantly.
Since they were attending a meeting, they did not mind being asked to
express their views. But it was irritating if it was used to steer the
conversation off-topic. That was the attitude Michitaka was showing.
"I heard the knights of Akiba have never failed before!"
A skinny and tall noble whose name he couldn't remember added in a loud
voice.
"I don't know where you heard that rumor from, but the Round Table
Council and Akiba do not have a regular military force or order of knights."
Shiroe shrugged helplessly.
He finally understood that battle power was judged in units of 'order of
knights'. This seemed to be the case among the People of the Land. The
order of knights did not refer to elite soldiers who rode on horses, but
meant professional soldiers. It was correct to equate 'order of knights' to
'ever-ready military force'.

There were almost no mercenaries in this world, militias made up of normal
civilians could only be seen when farmers defended themselves. Part of
the reason was that the nobles were not happy with the existence of armed
civilians.
In other words, 'order of knights' was the only way nobles could understand
a military unit.
But even if that were the case, Shiroe didn't think Akiba needed to
accommodate their way of doing things.
"Then what is the use of Adventurers!"
Marquis Kyriva said rudely with bloodshot eyes, making Michitaka retort.
"What is the use of Adventurers? What is the meaning of this?"
"What else could it mean! Adventurers' ability is a gift from the gods, you
have the obligation to save this land!"
"I never heard anything like this before."
"What baffling words, immortality! You have such powers, and you want to
forsake your duty to this world? Shameless, why are you so arrogant when
you have such abilities?"
"...Bullshit!"
Michitaka's thundering roar shook the air in the whole room.

Shiroe's group had been collecting data. Discussing about the loss of
memories before the meeting and also the possibility of sending out an
expedition force.
It was a frightening experience to lose your memories, losing the memories
of the real world meant losing your home and being lost in this alternate
world, making the feelings of unease more intense. But they could not
avoid living their lives in this world, this was a clear concept.
For Adventurers like Shiroe, even death didn't mean the end. Although
they had no idea how long this would continue... but they only carried on
living this never-ending life.
Even if they could avoid sending forces to attack the goblin army, they
would inevitably be involved in war one day. The Round Table Council had
the consensus that since war was inevitable, they were fine with fighting
against the goblin king too. They had already come out with a war plan to
win this fight, and the Round Table Council was aware of this when they
delegated the decision to the 3 ambassadors.
But it would be troubling if they let the nobles manipulate them so easily.
Shiroe expressed that providing military aid so readily would leave a scar
on the Round Table Council, Akiba and the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal'. They didn't mind working with the People of the Land, but they
must go through due process.
The 3 of them had specific roles in the meeting tonight.
Shiroe would be supportive of the Round Table Council sending forces,
luring them to cough up information.
Michitaka would be against the provision of military aid, baiting them to
give concessions.
Krusty would be responsible for making the final decision.
Put simply, Michitaka's opposition against Marquis Kyriva's request was
going by the script, but there was a fury beyond his acting in his roar.
(...Because we are immortals and there is no risk so we must work? Of
course we will be angry if you put it that way.)
For Adventurers who knew about the loss of memory, these words were
taboo, of course Michitaka was furious.

(The arrogance that the strong have against the weak... No, don't laugh,
we might be acting arrogantly without knowing it.)
"We are not nobles of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' because we
did not go through the joining ceremony, isn't that why we were not invited
to yesterday's meeting?"
Michitaka stared at the crowd with a fierce look in his eyes.
Akatsuki found out about the secret meeting the lords and nobles held last
night.
Because of the effort of the nobles' spies, she was unable to find out the
contents of that meeting. But the content could be deduced from the
current meeting.
"There is nothing wrong since we have not been bestowed with any titles
through the ceremony. But to hold a meeting only between the nobles and
then making a one-sided request from Akiba and the Round Table Council
for help, what is the reason behind this? We did not take part in that
meeting, do we have the obligation to accept the request in this meeting?
What do you think Baron Craindit?"
"Yes, we definitely do not... have this sort of thinking. Lord Michitaka, you
are mistaken."
"I am not a lord, didn't I just say I wasn't bestowed with any title?"
"Even... Even if you say so... We the nobles of the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal' did not come to a... collusion? Anyway... we did not gather
together to request Akiba to send troops, there is no such thing..."
Baron Craindit stammered badly under the intimidation of Michitaka.
"The request for troops is Marquis Kyriva's personal request and has
nothing to do with the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' correct?"
Shiroe responded.
This made Marquis Kyriva panic.

"Eh! You mean I orchestrated all of this out of my own selfish desires? My
dear allies, Earl Kashiwazaki! Marquis Taihaku! Chief of Lake Suwa! Why
are my dear allies not saying anything to the Adventurers!"
"This..."
"It is not the opinion of all of us, not a consensus... But many of us hold this
view, is glorious and mighty Akiba fine with Yamato falling into crisis?"
A middle-aged fat noble pressed Michitaka relentlessly.
"We are not cats or dogs. 'Because you can't die, so go take care of the
goblins', is that it? If we try to convince our people to go to war with this
reason, how can we earn the trust of the citizens!"
Shiroe restrained the passionate Michitaka and let him sit down.
Shiroe didn't mind Michitaka opposing loudly out of his duty, but if he lost
control of his emotions and leaked the fact about the memory loss to the
People of the Land, things could get complicated.
(Yeah... This is going to be troublesome...)
Shiroe thought the current situation was a bit of a failure.
Marquis Kyriva and Michitaka's hostility was forcing this into a stalemate.
Shiroe did not mind sending an expedition force to help them. No, he
thought that it was inevitable that they needed to help.
He needed to find a common ground for both parties to work on, but the
meeting was breaking up before he could do that, and it was hard to
interject his opinions at this stage.
(We want to bait them into giving concessions, but we did not decide on
what kinds of concessions to work for, that is a failure... Examples would
be financial or economic aid, or signing a contract. No matter what,
attending this meeting without a goal is a mistake.)
The meeting was frozen under this heavy atmosphere.
Even Duke Sergead was unable to speak in this situation. As Shiroe
attempted to break the stalemate after thinking for a while, the meeting
room door opened suddenly.
Coming in along with a breeze of wind was a beautiful princess.

It was Raynesia wearing a dress the color of dawn with her hair coiled up.

Part 5
Raynesia was regretting this.
She had been regretting non-stop since a moment ago.
Those who were familiar with how Raynesia actually was would be moved
to tears seeing how hardworking she was at regretting. Regretting was an
unproductive action, so it could not be described as hardworking, but let's
ignore that for now.
Raynesia did not have any energy to spare with the details today.
The hall was bigger than Raynesia imagined.
Raynesia had been eavesdropping on the other side of the door for a
while.
As she came from a clan of Dukedom, she could not do such lowly things
as eavesdropping (she also lacked the skill), the one doing it was Elissa.
She seemed to be driven by the procession of the meeting as she barged
in, her legs were trembling and her heart was beating fast. Raynesia was a
daughter of a noble family, so she was used to smiling and dancing
gracefully under the eyes of the crowd. But this was her first time
appearing in a political setting, and there was no plan for her to ever attend
one.
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' was heavily influenced by the culture of
nobility, and women would not be seen as independent entities, even more
so for single ladies. No woman had ever been given permission to express
her views in such a setting, and there wouldn't be any in the future as well.
Raynesia had been educated to be an ideal, virtuous, and low-profile lady,
so she knew this very well, and was fearful of her colossal actions.
But a certain emotion in Raynesia's heart was pushing her on, to stand up
on her own away from the shelter of her parents or knights.
Raynesia, who in her heart was dripping with cold sweat, was on the
surface moving elegantly into the meeting room.

"This is..."
"She is still as beautiful..."
"It's Duke Corwen's granddaughter Lady Raynesia."
"Just like a fairy dancing on the surface of a lake under the moonlight."
It was not only the nobles, there were also many advisers and knights in
the meeting room as well. Many of them had been mesmerized by
Raynesia when she debuted that night.
Some of them had looks of curiosity and even lust.
The smooth contours of her face and her delicate face, sorrowful eyes,
clear bridge of her nose, and her hair like silver strands coiled high up in a
bun. A beautiful line that extended from her slender neck down to her
collarbone complemented her gown wonderfully. She had a thin figure with
alluring curves, there should be no objections in calling her a 1st class
beauty in the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'.
If you married her, you would be part of the Corwen family, one of the two
most prestigious clans in all of Yamato. So it was not only gazes of
adoration and love, she also attracted attention of ambitious suitors.
The table in the meeting room was arranged in a U-shape, the one seated
at the center at the deep end of the room was Baron Craindit who was
chairing the meeting, beside him was her grandfather Duke Sergead.
In Raynesia's eyes, her grandfather appeared more strict and terrifying
than normal. She prayed that he would not fuss over this too much today
and walked to the middle of the room and gave a curtsy, the traditional
greeting. First to the front, then to the east and finally to the west.
She had stopped thinking.
Her brain seemed to be stuffed with cotton, unable to think of anything.
She was just moving gracefully like a puppet from her years of training as
she greeted the nobles. The 'real Raynesia' seemed to be watching this
scene as if it had nothing to do with her, trembling and hiding deep in her
heart, panicking and holding an imaginary pillow over her head.
But as she straightened herself and raised her gaze, she looked straight
into the eyes of her target.

They had been meeting almost everyday for the past week and acted
contrary to the customs of the nobles, a scornful brawny man who
appeared polite on the outside.
A monster that could read minds. Looked like a veteran knight on the
surface, but was actually an expert of sarcasm on the inside.
The senate leader of the Round Table Council... Krusty .
With a huge body from Raynesia's view, he was wrapped in a black attire
with few decorations. He was calm as usual even in this hapless meeting.
Hiding his eyes behind his square glasses with a hint of a smile on his lips,
an expression of mischief.
Raynesia stared intensely at Krusty.
Krusty was also looking at Raynesia, and he said in a low voice with his
mouth barely moving.
"... Not thinking of being a lazy bum today?"
(That's obvious.)
(Of course I want to.)
Raynesia wanted to return immediately to her comfortable bedroom,
change into her slightly stretched but very comfortable flannel pajamas and
roll around on her bed.
She wanted to sleep until noon and not talk to anyone, get up slowly and
eat lunch before washing her face, then go back to sleep again.
That's why she was looking straight at Krusty.
She had no spare energy to smile elegantly like a noble lady.
Clenching her teeth, her lips closed tight, she was staring at Krusty with
this uncouth expression. Raynesia could feel the displeasure of Elissa
behind her, but she had no time to mind the details as she continued to
stare at Krusty.
A commotion started in the meeting room.
What was this sudden intrusion all about?

The nobles thought this could be the arrangement of Duke Sergead, but
they could not help asking quietly.
"Raynesia..."
"Krusty-sama."
Raynesia interrupted her grandfather without even looking at his word and
spoke to Krusty.
She prayed in her heart for her voice not to tremble.
Even if she had a feeling that there was no turning back, she still
disregarded everything and made a request to Krusty.
(This is not a man, he is a monster, a monster...)
Raynesia who was shaking in her heart recalled the calm and steady
demeanor of Krusty, she didn't have any intimate contact with him in all
their peaceful times together. She remembered he had never told her any
gentle words, and his godlike observation powers.
Recalling his kind actions and words as well as his fake exterior.
He made sure everything looked fine on the surface and made necessary
arrangements. She and Krusty were accomplices in this.
They had worked together to lie to everyone in the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal' this past week, using their kind smiles and gentle actions to
hide the truth about them, obscuring their laziness and mischief, protecting
their little secret.
(That's right... I probably... trust in the dishonesty of this man, trust in the
lies of this conman, believe that he can see through me and help me in this
ridiculous joke...)
"Please go on, Raynesia-sama."
Krusty said politely and Raynesia acted in concert and moved closer to
him, the 2 of them less than 1 meter apart.
"I want to go to Akiba, please escort me."
Raynesia informed clearly.

Her heart was peaceful and calm, even the noise from the meeting
seemed to be so far away.
Her heartbeat, burning earlobes, and the change in Krusty's slight squint of
his eyes as his expression changed all seemed so clear to her.
"Krusty-sama once swore an oath to me as a knight to stay by my side
during the period of this meeting, so I beg of you, I have to make a trip to
Akiba."
"Head to Akiba... to do what?"
"To recruit a volunteer army."
She could feel the nobles gasp at her words, the Round Table Council
governed Akiba, the Adventurers of Akiba were the military force of the
Round Table Council, the military forces referred to as 'order of knights' in
this world.
So she was heading to a city not under her jurisdiction without permission
to request the 'order of knights' for aid directly. According to the common
sense of the nobles, this was an action that belittled the Round Table
Council's authority.
But if Krusty, senate leader of the Round Table Council, accompanied her
for the trip to recruit a volunteer army, the situation might be different.
Raynesia was only asking Krusty the knight to escort her, so even if Krusty
accepted this role, the Round Table Council might not be so forgiving. The
worst-case scenario would be her execution by guillotine for inciting a war.
But her actions might have positive effects on the Round Table Council
since the Adventurers would likely avoid executing a princess escorted by
their senate leader.
But would Duke Sergead allow his granddaughter to act so willfully? The
nobles let out moans that seemed to be a mixture of disappointment,
acceptance, or joy.
Krusty would most likely reject her, this was just a whim of a little girl after
all.
But Raynesia continued to look at Krusty straight in the eye.
"I think this is a very very troublesome matter, correct?"

"...Yes it is."
Raynesia nodded with a gentle expression of a lady.
But she was not as calm as she appeared to the people in the meeting. If
possible, she wanted to lean on Krusty and cry, that was how desperate
she was.
"Why are you doing this?"
"...Krusty-sama said that Adventurers are a free people, I am just an
ignorant girl... I do not understand political affairs, and also why my
grandfather and the others are hiding the news that the 'Knights of Izumo'
are currently missing."
The meeting room was engulfed in curses and swear words this time.
Criticism of Raynesia's ill-conceived words was loud enough to shake the
walls. Elissa drew her dagger to protect her mistress, the nobles were even
more animated upon seeing this.
"You have really done it this time."
"Please accompany me when the time for apologizing comes."
Raynesia replied to Krusty with an expression of resistance from the
bottom of her heart.
This was not an expression befitting the blooming winter rose of Eastal, but
almost no one noticed the slight change in Raynesia's expression in this
vast meeting room. The accusation that Duke Sergead's granddaughter
had betrayed the League and leaked information to the Round Table
Council was still reverberating in the room.
"What are you thinking about?"
"So Krusty-sama is not all knowing... nothing, I am not thinking of
anything... I just don't want to be a disgrace to the Corwen family."
The young man beside Krusty who looked like a mage claps his hands
loudly. The sharp sound shook the air, stunning all the lords and knights
and silencing the room.
It was probably a form of psychological magic.

Raynesia turned in the sudden silence as if she was protecting Krusty and
said.
Just like what she told Krusty, she was not thinking about anything.
She was just going with the flow in her heart and making it up as she went:
"The Adventurers are free!... We might be weaker than the Adventurers,
but that doesn't mean we cannot use our weakness to bully the
Adventurers and use them like tools. I want to go to Akiba and plead with
the Adventurers in that city. Krusty-sama says the Adventurers are free, so
if any Adventurers are willing to help, they will not intervene. Be it 10 or 15
people, I want volunteers who are willing to aid us. Since we want to ask
the free-spirited Adventurers for help, we need to have the proper
etiquette. My grandfather taught me that proper etiquette cannot be
expressed with only elegant words, so I want to go there and stand on the
street to plead with each Adventurer face-to-face!"
She said.
She said it out loud.
Raynesia had lost all her vitality and almost collapsed dizzily, but a pair of
hands supported her shoulders.
"Can I leave the rest to you, Shiroe-kun?"
"Allow me to reject, it will be a shame if I miss this."
"...Then let's leave it to Michitaka-dono."
The lightheaded Raynesia felt the conversation seemed to be coming from
far away.
There was a sharp sound of a flute and there was an uproar in the meeting
room.
This was followed by a rush of footsteps and the voices of angry
arguments.
Raynesia moved as if she was guided by her partner in a dance and she
was in the open balcony with the gentle night breeze before she knew it.
She turned her head and saw the meeting room in chaos and a few

knights rushing after her. The one leading the knights was her respected
and stern grandfather.
"Will you be going there?"
Her mind was confused and unable to think about anything, but her
grandfather's voice was like shining letters in the clear night sky going
straight into her mind. She nodded to acknowledge and seemed to feel her
grandfather's smile, but that was probably her imagination.
She only held on to this thought for an instant.
A horrifying winged beast... a griffon glided in with the rising air. Raynesia
was lifted off her feet like luggage before she could scream.
"Please excuse my impudence."
This leisurely voice came from the warrior Krusty.
He held her with his strong arms and jumped onto the back of the griffon
with the power of his legs.
"You will be fine if you hold on tight."
Raynesia might have fainted if his voice was not so casual. The griffon
took off into the starry night sky with the 2 of them on it.
The griffon with the young mage and a girl with black hair flew beside
them.
Her grandfather and the nobles' meeting were left behind.
Raynesia held on to Krusty's chest tightly to avoid her gown from being
blown away.
And so the whim of Raynesia caused her to tumble down an endless
slope.

Part 6
"What are you laughing about my lord?"
Akatsuki twisted in Shiroe's arms and looked him in the eyes.

Shiroe had been snickering for a while now, making a 'fu fu fu' sound deep
in his throat.
The griffon tore through the air of the starry night sky, flying northeast.
They could reach Akiba within minutes at this speed. A journey that took a
few hours by horse only took about 20 minutes by the flying griffon.
"Nothing, I just find this very amusing."
"Hmmm?"
Shiroe was laughing happily.
"This is the first time I have seen Krusty-san make that face, even though
he tried to conceal it... But he totally caved in back there... This is really
soothing."
"My lord... you are still bearing a grudge about the dance?"
"No way... well, maybe."
Shiroe replied to Akatsuki who was completely in his arms.
"And that princess is very daring to pull that move at that time... Etiquette, I
have never thought of that, but she saved the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal' that was trapped in a dead end. No matter what others may say,
she did this to save the League, and she succeeded."
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' needed the military might of the Round
Table Council. Shiroe did not know why the 'Knights of Izumo' were not
deploying, but the Adventurers would need to join the fray. It would be a
long battle of attrition if they failed.
This might create some vacancies among the 24 members of the 'League
of Freedom Towns Eastal'.
To avoid that, the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' needed to pull the
Round Table Council and the Adventurers to the battlefield no matter what
concessions they had to give.
But there was a major misunderstanding on their part.
The Round Table Council was a governing body that administrated the
function of the city, but they did not rule over Akiba.

The Adventurers were free individuals, the guilds and individuals were not
restricted in any way. This concept was an unspoken rule in Akiba. For
players like Shiroe who viewed Elder Tales as a game, this was something
obvious and not worth mentioning.
If Akiba was riddled with rules and bound the freedom of the Adventurers,
it would create undue stress among the Adventurers.
The ambassadors from the Round Table Council led by Krusty had the
authority to provide military assistance against the goblin army, but they
also needed to fulfill a condition. There was only one condition, they
needed to get the support of the Adventurers in Akiba when they
announced their decision to send aid.
If they failed to do this, Shiroe and the other ambassadors would lose their
standings in Akiba.
Although the current Akiba was unable to sustain itself economically in
terms of food, it was very strong in the military aspect. With the
development of new products using the knowledge of the old world, they
would definitely improve on this and build a strong economy.
Put simply, it was hard to entice Akiba with rewards since Akiba was a
prosperous and rich city.
Since neither gold nor provision of technology would work, 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal' had nothing to negotiate with. In reality, Akiba
needed a lot of raw resources such as food. The players with their
knowledge of the old world were always striving for comfort, they would not
be satisfied with tasteless soggy crackers anymore.
But the nobles did not notice this in their short period of time together.
Shiroe already had a plan in mind to hint at what concessions the Round
Table Council would want if the meeting progressed peacefully and to
handle the necessary negotiation.
But some of the nobles led by Marquis Kyriva exploded emotionally forcing
the meeting to a stalemate and Shiroe was unable to play his cards.
(She might not know this, but she not only rescued the nobles, she also
saved the Round Table Council.)

Honestly, Shiroe agreed with sending out an expedition force.
This was something they could not avoid in order to live in this world. Since
it was inevitable, they should fight when the conditions were in their favor.
The nobles treated the Adventurers as some invincible army and wanted
them to join the fray, but there was a flaw in this view. Adventurers also
bore some risk as well, and that was memory loss. Krusty proved that just
one or two deaths would not wipe out all your memories, but it was still a
terrifying pressure.
This information was still classified within the Round Table Council, but
they would need to announce it to the people of Akiba one of these days.
When the time came, what elements would the Round Table Council need
to maintain security? Shiroe had lost a lot of sleep over this, but now he
thought the element would be acceptance, the awareness of the risk
involved.
Because death had lost its meaning, so life without an end point would be
chaotic. The concept of going from the beginning to the end was not
applicable, so life would go on without a destination and lose their way.
The ambassadors of Akiba might be willing to assist the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal', but they mustn't be manipulated by the League, or
they would lose the acceptance of the populace.
(She wants to do this directly...)
Princess Raynesia said she wanted to convince them personally.
'...plead with each Adventurer one at a time.'
She said it with determination.
(World Fraction...)
This foreboding term pressured Shiroe's heart.
Where did he stand in all this?
In Shiroe's eye, the demihumans were monsters, an enemy in the game.
Ri Gan said they were the cursed result of the first World Fraction, a
twisted nightmare.

Shiroe was a normal graduate student living on Earth, Elder Tales was just
a game. Ri Gan said the Adventurers were summoned to this world in the
second World Fraction.
It was only natural that Shiroe was immortal since this was a game. Ri Gan
thought that the Spirit Theory and the process of the reconstruction of the
body with the soul was a system linked to the secrets of creation in this
world.
Where was he physically right now?
Shiroe worried about this.
Is this body that was flying through the sky on the back of the griffon a
dream? Or was the one moving a mouse behind the computer a dream?
This line was becoming blurred.
If he lost his memories while bearing this worry, he would definitely fall into
darkness, and so would all the other Adventurers, who could save them
then? Such a helpful 3rd party did not exist.
The only way they could seek salvation was through acceptance.
Shiroe did not know how he could find this acceptance and this world
would not give him the time to seek the answer. The days passed by at a
horrifying speed, becoming the past in an instant.
The Adventurers probably had a long and winding road ahead of them. No,
they definitely had to journey on this long and winding road, and Princess
Raynesia said, "We need to have the proper etiquette."
(I have to say Krusty-san handled this smoothly.)
Akatsuki buried her face in Shiroe's chest as if she were cold and Shiroe
hugged her close to protect her with a gentle expression on his face.
Marquis Kyriva's emotions erupted and sealed the retreat route of the
Round Table Council. He was treating the Adventurers as equipment to be
used, killing off the chance for Shiroe to send aid even if he wanted to.
If they agreed to help while facing such intimidation, it would hurt the pride
of the Adventurers in Akiba and the Round Table Council would also lose
its trust.

"My lord, we have reached Akiba."
"Right."
"It will be another battlefield, right?"
"It probably will be."
In this alternate world, night represented darkness.
Below her was the pitch black land, the sky decorated with the shining
stars was maybe brighter than the ground. Shiroe did not have a watch, he
thought it was after midnight, but Akiba was still awake.
Shiroe contacted the Round Table Council to make preparations when the
griffon just started flying off. Rodrick from The Rodrick Firm should have
finished by now to coordinate with Shiroe's plan.
The bright lights shining in the darkness of the night was Akiba.
It looked like just one single light, but the light split into countless torches
as they got closer. Further in, they could make out the torches surrounding
the central square, a circle of fire the size of a ring. Akiba's biggest battle
guild D.D.D made this temporary landing point in a short amount of time to
welcome their leader back.
The mounts which didn't have any night-vision landed in Akiba with the
bright guiding lights. The night was only half over.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Elissa
Level: 12
Race: Elf
Class: Maid
HP: 629
MP: 589<td>Equipment
Openwork Parasol<br\> Gorgeous and colorful parasol knit from fine yarn.
A necessity for servants who protect their nobles from sunlight.
Brownie Duster <br\> A magical cleaning tool given by a Brownie as
reward for completing its quest. Increases the effectiveness of certain
subclasses, raises friendliness of NPC's if given to them as a present. It's a
mystery as to who gave this to Elissa.
Maid Clothes<br\> A set of uniform for maids. Although some People of the
Land use these, what Elissa wears is a special protective gear for her
subclass. She seems to like this because it is comfortable and sturdy.

Chapter 3: Expeditionary Force
Part 1
Raynesia couldn't move until she got down from the griffon. A dance
partner would put a hand around her waist, but she had not been carried
around casually like luggage since she was a baby.
She didn't think it would be so embarrassing to be treated this way by a
man. Raynesia struggled to loosen up her tense face and smile, but she
knew her face was cramping up.
It didn't feel like reality when she made the decision during the meeting, it
felt like she only acted on the spur of the moment.
Raynesia had spent too much time with Krusty this past week. Compared
to facing this young man who was like a monster who could read her mind,
saying arrogant things in front of the nobles was nothing... that was how
she mustered her courage.
But she was unable to do anything about Krusty.
Raynesia knew Krusty was concerned about her and protected her from
being blown off the griffon or feeling too cold. But the more concerned he
was, the more embarrassed she felt, and she thought he could see right
through her as well.
She appeared elegant on the surface but was actually lazy and hated
interacting with people, only thinking about rolling around in her room, a
useless and incurable person. But Raynesia didn't mind Krusty knowing all
this right now.
But there was one thing if possible... No, one thing she must hide from him.
That was her feeling of embarrassment when she was with Krusty.
"Please."
She took Krusty's hand for a moment and stood on the ground once more.
This was Akiba.
It was now late at night, but the lights in the streets were still burning bright,
the light which looked like a bonfire from the sky was actually a variety of

light sources. The seven bonfires in the city square were orange, the
streetlights were yellow, the magic lights were phosphorescent white.
"That... Thank you very much."
Raynesia thanked him with her gaze down, but Krusty was already
focusing elsewhere. A group approached them hastily, they had a brand
on their clothes similar to that on Krusty's cape.
Krusty greeted the group and turned towards the young mage who was
carrying the black-haired girl down.
"Shiroe-kun, can you help her with her dressing and schedule?"
"Of course, but is it okay with you?"
"I have no choice, let's steel ourselves."
After talking to the young man called Shiroe, Krusty left with the group that
had similar brands as him and the griffon took off at the same time.
Raynesia felt lost as the young man Shiroe spoke to her.
"Princess Raynesia, this is the first time greeting you. I am Shiroe from Log
Horizon, this lady is Akatsuki."
After Shiroe finished the introductions, the petite girl named Akatsuki
nodded to acknowledge, seemed like she kept to herself.
"Please follow me."
Shiroe turned and started walking, the streets were filled with Adventurers
and they seemed to be rushing about for some reason.
Raynesia declared that she wanted to come to Akiba to convince the
Adventurers, but she had no concrete idea how to do that. The Round
Table Council should be something like the nobles' meeting, from her
vague impression, she should first seek permission from them before
meeting the Adventurers one by one.
Akiba was totally different from Maihama.
Unlike the beautiful and gorgeous Maihama with fruit trees and crystals by
the streets, this town seemed to utilize the ruins of the centuries past. She

would be lost if she lost sight of the young man leading the way, so
Raynesia focused on staying alert.
A female pedestrian lugging a big bag with her gave way to Shiroe and
spoke a few words with him before nodding and going off. Raynesia
thought that since Shiroe was chosen as a lieutenant of the ambassador
party, he should be quite high-ranking in the Round Table Council.
(But he is walking so fast...)
The young girl Akatsuki was following effortlessly behind. Raynesia heard
before that the Adventurers were very strong physically, but she never
expected to experience this much difference.
The young man named Shiroe covered his ear with one hand and talked to
the air as he walked, probably communicating through magic.
They reached a gigantic black building shortly after.
"Shiroe-dono!"
"Charasin-san, sorry for making you come so far."
There seemed to be 3 men waiting in the lobby behind the door, one of
them was dressed like a merchant.
"This is Princess Raynesia."
"Hi! I heard about you, the daughter of clan Corwen. I am a merchant
Charasin, leader of the 8th District Shopping Center."
The man named Charasin was indeed a merchant as he greeted Raynesia
with a business smile. But to Raynesia who came from nobility, his
greeting was both simple and practical.
(This Adventurer seems very straightforward and dislikes hypocritical
courtesies.)
Raynesia responded with a graceful smile... for her standards, this was a
simple greeting. 8th District Shopping Center was a unique name, but from
the way he introduced himself, it was probably a prestigious family name in
Akiba.
"I am Raynesia from clan Corwen, please take care of me."

The merchant called Charasin blushed and averted his eyes, Raynesia
was used to such a reaction.
"And so, Charasin-san."
"Here."
"...Eh, how should we do this, which one should we choose. I was thinking
something flashy and grabs your eyes, we need to move everyone with the
first impression... Do you have the full set of 'Valkyrie Mail'?"
"Hmmm? Ah, ah ah, of course... but the legs for that set... Will it be okay?"
But this sense of ease did not last too long. The youth Shiroe and Charasin
started to discuss something, Raynesia didn't understand the content, but
she could not pretend not to hear anything.
"Yeah, no problem. From the overall viewpoint, it will be good if we push it
to this level. Please prepare a set, I have the cape so you don't need to
prepare that. Can you choose a suitable weapon? A 1-handed sword with
a beautiful design, any equipment below level 4 will do... Akatsuki, can you
rent a room for an hour, it will be fine even if it is small... No, the attack
power doesn't matter, it just needs to look good."
Following that were scenes of shame and confusion.
Raynesia was brought to a simple room. Stripped and adorned with battle
equipment with the help of the young girl Akatsuki.
Most nobles changed their clothes with the help of their maids and
Raynesia was the same, she didn't resist being naked in front of others.
The source of her shame and confusion was due to her first time wearing
battle armor.
Firstly, it was as light as feathers.
Breastplate and a shirt made from thin shiny silver chains.
Gauntlets made of metal and leggings with vines carved elegantly on it as
if they were the works of elves.
But the problem was ... the chain armor around her waist.

The armor only covered the tops of her thighs and you could see her legs
down to her knees. Showing your arms was a common design for dresses,
but clothes that showed off your thighs seemed so vulgar, Raynesia
(probably) never wore something like this before.
Akatsuki said simply: "The skirt...I will help you wear." But instead of a
skirt, it looked more like a belt with a scarf sized cloth.
(My...my thighs are showing... And the breastplate's shape is so real, how
should I put this, it seems a bit inflated...)
As Raynesia was stunned by this, Akatsuki hung a sword on her waist and
tightened all the straps all over her body. All armors were skintight after
tightening so you would not feel its weight.
From the weight and comfort, this should be a famous magical armor,
Raynesia was impressed... But the curves of her body were also showing
and she could not bear to watch.
Raynesia thought her figure was not bad, but this set of armor... left
nothing to the imagination. Raynesia moaned.
"Ermm... Akatsuki-san? If I wear it like this, the curves of my body are a
bit..."
"You are tall enough, so bear with it."
Raynesia was too intimidated by Akatsuki's glare to say anything.
Akatsuki took out a comb and straightened Raynesia's hair beautifully. Her
actions were more smooth and delicate than any maid's, but Raynesia was
only getting more and more tense.
It might be due to her silent nature, but the young girl had been strangely
agitated from just now.
Akatsuki grabbed the procrastinating Raynesia and dragged her outside
where Shiroe and Charasin were waiting. The 2 of them seemed to have
been standing outside and discussing all this time. Raynesia attempted to
hide behind the short Akatsuki, Charasin smiled widely upon seeing her.
This expression of lauding from the heart was similar to the knights' and
bureaucrats'. But Shiroe seemed to just have the expression of someone

judging and gauging. Raynesia entered Shiroe's name into her mental note
of someone to look out for.
"Charasin-san, it is pretty good right?"
"Yes, I think she is beautiful."
"...Thank... Thank you for your compliment."
Raynesia almost pulled up her skirt to do a curtsy but she restrained
herself. The cloth she was wearing (she didn't want to recognize this as a
skirt) was too short to pull.
"Now, let's proceed to the main event. It will be fine, please relax, I have
high hopes for the princess."
Shiroe's words and smile sent a chill down her spine for some unknown
reason, but she could only nod now.

Part 2
And so...
"Thank you everyone for gathering here so early in the morning, I am
Shiroe from Log Horizon. The time is now dawn, the war is coming upon
us, let me explain our situation."
It was dawn.
The city square was full of Adventurers, the numbers were uncertain, but
from the crowds jam-packed in the city square, there should be more than
a thousand.
Akiba central city square.
The debris in the city square had been cleared in the past few months, it
was now 20% more spacious than before the Catastrophe. When Elder
Tales was still a game, the debris was just part of the immovable
background, but now they could be moved or destroyed.
There were still shops open at this unearthly hour, the stores had been
refurbished and looked very clean, making Akiba look more vibrant and
lively.

Raynesia did not know these details, she only felt this was a city full of life.
The sun had just started rising in the east and yet there were so many
people already gathered here. For Raynesia who had not been through
any battles, this was an unusual sight.
And those gathered here were not just human knights.
There were elves, dwarves, even carpenters and merchants. Unlike
military processions and meetings of nobles, the stalls peddled their food
and drinks to the crowds, which seemed to be the norm in this city.
Raynesia did not know the Round Table Council members who had been
standing by on shift had made all the preparations after Shiroe contacted
them. Gathering the veteran Adventurers, setting up the stage, and parking
the 'secret weapon' beside Akiba's riverbank had all been done.
Raynesia who was staying inside the tent next to the stage could only see
the Lumiere called by the summoner illuminating the podium.
They were using the valuable mage, the highly respected summoner, as a
stagehand. This went against the common sense of Raynesia, but the
contents of the speech made her even more lost.
"...Because of these reasons, centered around Sand Leaf peninsula, in the
northern hills and forests of the Kanto region, there is an army of about
20,000 goblins. This force is attacking the surrounding areas. There are
several Adventurers in Sand Leaf reporting about this attack. The
governing organization in Kanto, the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' is
exposed to this threat. According to the analysis of the Round Table
Council, this threat is just a threat, the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'
will not be wiped out if we leave them alone, but will exhaust at least 30%
of their total fighting force... this number is equivalent to the destruction of
their military, but it is not to the extent of wiping out all the People of the
Land."
The report Shiroe was reading out was more detailed than that of the
nobles and he was merciless in his speech. If Raynesia was not wrong, his
words had hidden poisonous barbs.
But the scene that amazed Raynesia the most was not Shiroe's attitude,
but the comprehension in the eyes of all the Adventurers listening.

From what she could observe from the tent, not one person looked bored
or confused. Some of them even opened up pieces of paper, probably
maps, and were noting down the important points in the speech.
This was a scene that made Raynesia, one of the People of the Land,
amazed. Weren't the people gathered here equivalent to peasants? Why
did they have so much comprehension skills?
Raynesia thought that the Adventurers gathered here were just common
soldiers, but their comprehension level surpassed that of officers, and was
on par with the bureaucrats of the courts. There were so many people with
military and geographical knowledge, and they seemed to know the
political situation of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', this almost
made Raynesia fall down in shock.
What were nobles? What were peasants? What were farmers?
The worldview in Raynesia's heart had been shattered.
"On the other hand, we feel that defending Akiba from this army is
something simple...apart from food, this city is very self-sufficient and even
more so in terms of technical knowledge. We have enough defense
capabilities, it is not necessary for us to aid the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal'. In terms of gain and losses, we do not need to help them, let me
repeat, we absolutely do not need to send aid... I hope everyone will listen
to the words from this 'person' while keeping this in mind."
It was as though everyone present gulped.
When many people gather together, they would create a certain warmth. In
the heat of the silence, Shiroe looked to the tent and pointed to this
'person'.
"Ah?"
Someone grabbed Raynesia's hand while she was stunned.
She turned around and saw Krusty in a sky-blue armor, she was not sure if
it was for ceremonial or practical use. Krusty had his usual gentle
expression and smiled as he said: "Let's go on stage."
"Eh? Eh?"

"Come."
Krusty dragged her out of the tent and a sudden bright white light shone
onto the city square.
It was the light of dawn, the first ray of sunlight in the morning illuminating
the whole square from the east.
In the cool morning breeze of the summer, Raynesia was suddenly pushed
forward.
This was the center of the stage, the forefront where there was no escape.
Raynesia felt hot as she came on stage and did not know what to say or
do. In front of her were several thousand Adventurers, a being that was
different from the People of the Land. Even if they had the same form and
language, they were fundamentally different creatures.
She could feel this from her short contact with them.
Her lips were trembling, her knees were losing strength.
A sharp sound came from her right.
She turned and saw Krusty with his calm appearance like a heroic
guardian angel. He stuck his two-handed axe into the floor and placed both
his hands onto its handle. The sound just now was the axe hitting the floor.
This was followed immediately by a dull thud from the left. Shiroe who
moved here was holding a ceremonial pewter staff that was taller than him
vertically like a spear. Shiroe didn't have the staff a moment ago.
With Krusty and Shiroe on either side of her, Raynesia took a step forward
on the stage. Her temperature was rising gradually, the scenery in her
eyes was changing its shape, but her thoughts were unexpectedly clear.
Her breathing was so loud that it irritated her, and she could strangely hear
the conversation of the Adventurers chatting softly in a corner clearly.
"...Everyone, this is my first time meeting all of you, I am one of the People
of the Land. I am a resident of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', the
daughter of the Corwen clan governing Maihama. My name is Raynesia
Elart Corwen, I came here bearing a request for everyone."
Her voice was so clear she surprised herself.

Raynesia's words reached every corner of the city square in the morning
air.
"Just as Shiroe-sama described, Yamato is facing a great crisis. I
announce without any reservation that the guardians of Yamato, the
'Knights of Izumo' are missing right now. The 'League of Freedom Town
Eastal' will need to handle this crisis themselves. The goblin invasion force
is the biggest ever in history, and they are advancing fast. They are
already within the sphere of influence of the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal'. The People of the Land have city walls, magic barriers, and
soldiers, but how effective our defenses will be is still an unknown. Even at
this moment in time, my fellow People of the Land are polishing their
blades and fortifying the walls in preparation for war. But even with all
these efforts, we cannot avoid making major sacrifices to protect our
homelands."
Raynesia threw her gaze far away.
What she saw was not the crowd before her, but the scene a few hours
ago.
"It might sound shameful, but the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' has
not come to a consensus even at this critical stage. Before I arrived here,
they were still arguing selfishly for the safety of their own territories and
were reluctant to send aid to each other. Not only that."
Raynesia hesitated at this point.
But she was unable to stop.
"Not only that, we are wishfully thinking about pushing the holy task of
defending our homeland to the Round Table Council's ambassadors. We
were scheming to rely on the immortal Adventurers, rely on everyone here
for help, hoping to use everyone's battle power to protect our lives and
territories. I am not worthy of apologizing on their behalf... But I am deeply
sorry, and I also feel remorse over one more thing. The thing is, I am here
today to raise the same willful request."
Raynesia did not notice the bright purple cape and 'Valkyrie Mail' that
Shiroe chose complemented Raynesia's feminine features to the limit.
Raynesia under the dawn light was the image of a valkyrie that everyone
respected and adored.

Raynesia did not realize this.
When she made her plea to the Adventurers, Shiroe turned his head
slightly and gave Krusty a look. Krusty gave a bitter smile and an
expression of resistance.
"Both the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' and I do not have much to
offer in terms of rewards... Everyone is living in such a prosperous city, I do
not know what to prepare to give as thanks, and I don't want to use worldly
items to exchange for everybody's freedom. But as a daughter of the
Corwen family, I love Maihama deeply and have the obligation to protect
my nation... that's why... I have come here before everyone today."
Deluding themselves with wishful thinking and only thinking of protecting
their own interests was indeed shameful.
Raynesia fell to her knees naturally and gave a deep bow.
If the Adventurers present were knights or bureaucrats, or in other words
nobles, she wouldn't lower her head this way. In the culture of nobility, a
lady was treated as a valuable item, a noble lady of high status was their
top protection priority.
But she learned one thing after knowing Krusty, the Adventurers were not
the same.
With her title, she would also be respected as a noble in Akiba. But she
would not have a group of people attending to her needs which was the
norm in nobility culture, she would at most receive the 'respect' of the
people on the street.
This was a heterogeneous city.
She would not receive the princess-level of attention she was so used to in
this city. But she would also not be discriminated at all like a lady in a
noble's social circle.
The woman in the social circle of nobles did not have rights.
She was treated kindly, would receive all sorts of gifts, and be given
numerous compliments and hollow words of admiration.

She just needed to frown slightly and the young knights would present her
with the most valuable medicine. But they were seeing her as an individual
to adore.
They were just after her as a 'noblewoman', a prize in the diplomatic
battles among the nobles, that's why she was treated with care.
A 'noblewoman' was treated like a gem in the noble's social circle, she was
a 'noblewoman' who came with a guarantee of high pedigree, she was just
a top-class trophy.
Raynesia who spent her days brooding in her room was more aware of this
than anyone else, and she understood that she was powerless to deny this
fact.
"I am cowardly and lazy, an ignorant vase... but... I want to go to the
battlefield, so, if you are able to, if it is fine with you, will you be willing to go
with me? Are you willing to help me based on your kindness and freedom?
I wish to do all I can to protect the 'Freedom of the Adventures'..."
(Even if I say that...Even if I want to protect their freedom...)

She was a member of the Corwen family, but she did not have such
authority because she was born a girl. She could plea with her father or
grandfather to buy clothes or jewelry for her, she could grant testimonials
to one or two Adventurers and she could hold dinner parties.
But she had no further political powers.
Raynesia also thought she was giving an empty promise.
But instead of saying it was a lie, it was more like her aspiration.
Krusty was the first one to acknowledge she had the freedom to take to the
battlefield, Adventurers probably had never doubted the freedom of doing
this. Raynesia wanted to protect their freedom. For Raynesia who never
had such freedom all these years, this was the first time she had such an
aspiration in her heart.
"I sincerely ask everyone to help me."
As she finished her speech in a whimper, there was a loud wave of iron
clashing. In the middle of the city square, a group of people in blue with a
coat of arms on their cloaks clashed their weapons and shields and
stomped their feet.
A company of knights in black armor unsheathed their swords and swore
to take to the battlefield; on the open balcony of a ruin a band of elves with
bows on their backs sounded their war horns; dwarves holding axes
howled mightily in the crowd.
Werecats, wolf fangs, foxtails, and other minorities did not seem to be
discriminated in this city.
(Ah...)
Krusty walked to Raynesia's side while she was stunned, Shiroe was at
her other side the next second.
"And so, this city... We will be sending out our first expedition army, the
condition for enlisting is level 40 and above. This is a quest given by the
Round Table Council, there is only one reward, the gratitude and respect
of this People of the Land onstage. Comrades who are willing to take up
the quest please ride for Maihama! Considering the crisis of this situation,
we will also be sending a blitz force against the enemy. The formation of

parties will be done while on the move, I hope everyone will cooperate. I
am Krusty and I will be the commander-in-chief for this expedition army."
"The role of tactician will be taken by me, Shiroe. Within 15 minutes from
now I will be contacting the blitz group through telepathy. The members
who receive the message please head downstream of Akiba to Akiba River
and the experimental dock. 'Ocypete' will be waiting for you there... For the
members who do not receive the message in 15 minutes, you belong to
the main expedition force, please head to the registration counter situated
at the city's east gate to collect your quest forms. You can proceed as
instructed after being registered on the friend list of the registration staff.
There will be instructions for the formation of parties while you make your
way there, the preparation time is 15 minutes, please give me your utmost
support."
"Ah, ah..."
An army of a thousand soldiers howled in front of the speechless
Raynesia.
"Why are you acting so lost and panicky?"
"How... How can you say that, as a gentleman... As a gentleman..."
Raynesia's voice was trembling as she couldn't find the words to say.
The city square was full of the noises of armor clinking and people talking,
the words that shouldn't be heard remained a secret... Except for Krusty.
Krusty extended his hand gracefully like a noble. He and Raynesia were
full of suspicion, overexertion, and mutual understanding as their eyes met.
But to the bystander, they were the perfect couple smiling beautifully at
each other.
Anyway, the expedition plan had been set.
The enemy were the goblins that were moving towards the ruined capital
Eastal from Sand Leaf peninsula, numbering over 10,000. And so, Akiba
formed an expedition army for the first time, heading straight for Sand Leaf
peninsula.

Part 3

Minori's group headed towards Choshi in the morning.
They were exhausted both physically and mentally, but their expressions
were still spirited.
Although it was only one night, the tense hours in the darkness sapped the
energy of the 5 people in Minori's group. The consecutive battles from
Ragranda forest until now had made them gain several levels.
After going through multiple fights, their teamwork gradually became more
polished. They could sometimes understand what their comrades were
thinking even without saying anything.
The 5 in Minori's group were more relaxed walking on the farm trail than
staying in the forest, but they did not let down their guard, watching each
other's back and blind spots as they surveyed the surroundings, but they
maintained a peaceful atmosphere as they advanced.
(I am still scared when I face battles, but...)
Minori might be scared, but she was no longer fearful.
Real fear was the feeling of dread flowing in your veins, making you
over-cautious and let go of your life, this feeling was almost the same as
giving up.
In this world without death, giving up was equivalent to death. But inversely
speaking, you would still stand a chance as long as you didn't give up,
even if it was shameful, even if you were shivering, there would be a
chance for things to get better if you stood up and fought.
It was a bit late to call this morning.
It should be close to afternoon.
"Hello...! Hello...!"
As confirmed by telepathy earlier, Naotsugu's group was resting in an
empty space behind the trees.
In this alternate world, dirty equipped items will become clean
automatically when they were repaired. All sorts of items had a set
durability, its wear and tear was insignificant when you used it normally.
Since it was insignificant, the visual cleanliness would correspond

directly... This was the logic behind the equipment becoming clean when it
was repaired.
But since there was a set durability value, if you used the equipment
roughly, the value would drop. Armor and weapons would gradually wear
out after long periods of battling, so there was a need to send it to the
blacksmith for repair periodically.
The 4 in front of Minori were all veteran level 90 Adventurers, they were
several times more powerful than Minori. They took advantage of their
might to charge into the center of the pillaging goblin group to disrupt them
and conduct guerrilla warfare.
The formation centered around 2 swashbucklers must have battles much
fiercer than Minori's group.
"Doing okay? Hi Tohya, did you protect everyone?"
"Teacher Naotsugu, I did!"
Tohya gave a standard bow while Naotsugu rubbed his head.
Serara pounced at Nyanta.
Minori gave a simple report to Shouryuu and Rezarick of their encounters
last night, the two of them gave a sigh of relief and helped to check their
equipment and wounds. Shouryuu aside, Rezarick was a cleric of a major
battle guild and Minori thought he would fault them for acting so willfully.
The care and concern of these two made Minori's heart feel sweetness
and remorse.
They were not hurt, but they were running low on supplies.
Minori was afraid they might run out in the midst of battle.
The goblin pillagers' attacks diminished like the receding tide as the sun
rose from the east. They should understand their own characteristics,
numbers, and the effect of night raids.
Minori's group retreated to the area near the town as the enemy forces
backed off.
"Let's stop resting and return to town, I can only relax after seeing it
myself."

The cleric Rezarick from Black Sword Knights said with a serious
expression. Everyone nodded in respond and headed for Choshi.
The bloody night was just over, but the summer morning sky was as blue
as ever.
The strong sea breeze unique to Sand Leaf hit their faces, blowing through
the farm from the coastline.
The scene in the distance and the field in front was dazzling under the
bright sunlight. The shadows of beaches and the beach trees fell on the
farm trails, making a beautiful picture of contrast.
After walking a distance, they started to see the corpses of goblins. There
were groups here and there, seemed like the adventurers battled the
goblins last night.
"Seems like she has made arrangements here, as expected of the
big-breasted Neechan."
Naotsugu said happily in a soft voice.
He was right, Minori did not think they could protect Choshi with their
guerrilla attacks alone. Minori's companions as well as Nyanta, Naotsugu,
and others formed guerrilla parties last night and battled the goblins on that
hill. Using the element of surprise and the advantage of night vision, they
did what they could to reduce the number of goblin parties, a brutal
guerrilla tactic.
By reducing the number of goblin parties, the pace which the goblins would
attack Choshi would slow down, and it would be a manageable pace...
This was the strategy Minori came up with.
Minori did not know the professional term, but the goblins were using
saturation attacks, using their overwhelming numbers to break the
defenders' formation and tactics.
For instance, if it were 1-on-1 or party-against-party, even if they had the
slight advantage in number, the Adventurers would be able to prevail with
their superior battle power.
To counter this, the goblins sent out many small parties, so many that the
Adventurers could not handle all of them. The Adventurers would of course
fend off many of them, but there would be gaps because of the disparity in

numbers, and the goblins just needed to concentrate their forces on the
gaps to break through.
If they went through the gap, they would be able to savor the fruit that was
Choshi, they could also commit arson and cause confusion, disrupting the
Adventurers' dominance, making them choose between returning to town
to fight off the raiders or to continue fighting the goblins in front of them.
They could then pick off the confused Adventurers one by one, this was
the traditional tactic the goblin tribes had always used.
But Minori's party took the initiative to strike the goblins first at a place far
from the town.
The proposer of the tactic, Minori, had a very simple thought.
Goblins did not have a base they needed to protect, Minori had one. And
Choshi did not have city walls and was easily infiltrated, this was a
weakness that would put them at a disadvantage.
...Since that was the case, we should also fight in a place where we
wouldn't need to worry about our weakness.
This was a simple and naive conclusion, they would need the capability
and courage to do this but Minori's group was insistent on executing this
tactic.
The goblin forces were diminished by Minori's tactics, but they still
proceeded on the night raid as planned, and Choshi was indeed attacked
last night.
But their plan was just to reduce the goblins' numbers. A large number of
goblins had to stay alert from ambush or to take another route, taking
longer than planned to reach their target. This caused the goblin army to
attack the town while their forces were not all in place.
The feature of a saturation attack was to focus all their forces at one point,
forcing the defenders into a situation where they were unable to respond
effectively. The goblins who missed the chance to gather and muster their
forces still proceeded to attack Choshi under the orders of their leader. But
their tactic evolved into each unit attacking separately by their time of
arrival, making them the perfect prey for the Adventurers.

If it was this type of unorganized attack, even the relatively weak and
outnumbered Adventurers would be able to handle them.
Maryele who was convinced by Naotsugu in turn persuaded the members
of the training camp to defend Choshi, and was welcoming the dawn
victoriously.
"Welcome back...!"
"Woah woah, Welcome back...!"
"Are you tired?"
Adventurers that were familiar with Serara and Shouryuu greet them as the
group entered Choshi. The 2 of them were responsible for taking care of
the beginners in Crescent Moon Alliance and knew a lot of people. Nyanta,
Naotsugu, and Rezarick also exchanged information with the other veteran
adventurers.
The road that had been compacted tightly over the years of treading
showed no signs of being ravaged.
The goblins failed to invade the town.
"Hey, we made it!"
Hearing the proud announcement of her brother, Minori looked up and saw
Tohya grinning widely like a kid in the sun.
Minori felt warmth in her heart looking at his smile.
Her brother maintained his bright and cheery mood through the night and
Minori also smiled naturally, happy that she protected Rundelhous. Tohya
extended his fist and Minori bumped it with hers.
"Minori...! The People of the Land are letting us rest at their hotel! We are
taking turns to rest! We can't let down our guard yet!"
"We should be grateful for their hospitality that we can at least wash our
faces Miss Minori, Tohya."
Isuzu and Rundelhous shouted from across the street. The twins walked
towards them, their footsteps springy under the summer sky.

Part 4
The prototype steam-powered transport ship 'Ocypete'.
The ship was made originally by putting a steam engine on a big paddle
wheel ship to experiment with the possibility of transporting large amounts
of goods, so the cargo space on the 'Ocypete' was very abundant.
Compared to the paddle wheel ship in the old world, the steam engine
here was more elaborate in design. There was no need to store fuel as it
was powered by salamanders conjured by summoners, a unique feature of
this ship.
A paddle steamer was a steam-powered ship with giant wheels akin to
watermills on either side of the ship. The steam engine turned the two
wheels which in turn paddled the water and moved the ship forward.
A propeller ship was better than a paddle steamer in terms of performance,
being more efficient in converting energy to moving energy.
But taking into consideration the difficulty of making parts and installation,
they concluded that they were better off making a paddle steamer at this
phase and had been working on it since.
Paddle steamers lost to propellers in terms of efficiency, but they could
operate in shallow waters, suitable for river operation.
Prototype steam engines on small boats had been completed just a week
after the formation of the Round Table Council and they completed the
prototype 'Ocypete' paddle steamer in another two months.
The 'Ocypete' was ferrying about 130 Adventurers. It may be noisy with
people, but the ship was big enough so it wasn't overcrowded.
Raynesia stood alone on the deck near the ship bow. She had traveled by
ship before, but this ship moved differently from a sailboat. The way it cut
through the waves was strange to her but it was very fast.
The Adventurers around her were resting in their preferred positions, or
moving around to make preparations. Their outfits varied, but about half of
them wore cloaks with the same coat of arms as Krusty, so they should be
from the same clan.
Raynesia was feeling blue.

She was not seasick. She was familiar with ships of all sizes as a
granddaughter of Maihama's governor.
She was gloomy and feeling remorse over her reckless behavior.
(I said something like that again...)
She found it troublesome and was shy and lazy by nature, so why was she
putting on such an act at this critical juncture? It might be the effect of her
education to be a perfect lady, but she was troubled about this no matter
the reason.
(It has been crazy since last night, a woman barging into the nobles'
meeting and causing a commotion, shaming grandfather and all the
nobles, conflicting the mind-reading monster... and running away
together... and was held by him on the back of the griffon...)
Raynesia couldn't help twisting her body as she recalled the warmth inside
Krusty's arms.
(That's not what I meant... And I came to Akiba and was forced to wear
such shameful clothes. I am still wearing them now... And I gave that
speech...)
She held her head with her hands.
She couldn't believe herself.
But from her view, she insisted on obeying the proper etiquette.
She was a People of the Land, different from Adventurers... She heard
about this from her grandfather and others, understood this premise, but
she really felt the true meaning behind it when she was at that scene.
Raynesia had never seen any group with so many knights with the
intelligence of bureaucrats.
She knew people like this were called heroes.
There were 'Ancients' in this world who were both skillful in swordsmanship
and possessed the magical powers of a sage, so there were no problems if
there were other talents in this world. She could not find suitable words to
express it, but the strange thing was 'such talented people suddenly
numbered in the thousands', and this strange group were the Adventurers.

The nobles' congregation believed that if they played their cards right and
lured them with nobility titles and rewards, they would be able to negotiate
with the Adventurers. She thought that they misunderstood the nature of
the Adventurers, they possessed such intellect and wealth, how could they
negotiate with their offers of status and reward?
The nobles were wrong.
The irritating but comfortable interaction with Krusty and experiencing that
speech made Raynesia understand this clearly.
Jewelry and invitations to dance parties would not motivate Raynesia to
act, she just wanted to wear her cotton pajamas and lazily eat and sleep all
day. It was the same for the different life-form known as Adventurers.
Gems, golds, titles, and territory could not be used as rewards. If that was
the case, the only way was to plead with them for aid.
(Because I am a girl, I have no education regarding politics... So it can't be
helped right?)
Even if it was a small thing, keeping and following through a promise would
earn their trust.
If the Adventurers faced dangers, she had to bear the same risk.
This was the way Raynesia came up with to accumulate trust.
(But even so...)
(Saying something like 'I want to go to the battlefield' was too heavy a
promise, have I gone mad? Or is it because of this set of mysterious...
clothes that bare my thighs so much?)
She wanted to squat down, but her long years of education made her think
that she had to stand gracefully with her back straightened in the public
with so many pairs of eyes around. This instinct was deeply rooted in her
body, not allowing her to relax.
After that young man Shiroe with the evil smile instigated her, she had
became like this. This vicious method almost made her cry.
"That is the struggling look of someone 'regretting blurting out that speech
in the spur of the moment but is unable to take it back'."

"Eh!"
Raynesia jumped as if she was electrocuted as Krusty came out of
nowhere and said these words that blocked out the sound of the wind.
"Fu fu fu, there is no such thing Krusty-sama."
"Your face is cramping up."
With her follow-up lines sealed, Raynesia could only look out to the ocean
with her 'depressed' expression.
"Seems like you are losing patience."
"...Wooo, anyway, you are correct... But don't misunderstand alright? I am
not regretting this, I have to come personally to plea for help since I am
asking them to risk their lives and accompany them to the battlefield. No, I
don't think my life is worthy enough to request the aid of 10 Adventurers,
that is, about this, this..."
"That's alright, it is enough..."
"Ah?"
At that short moment, Raynesia felt something different in Krusty's
expression as he said these words. But the announcement by the ship
crew that they had arrived pulled her back to reality from this feeling.
...So fast.
Even if it were crossing the gulf, they were able to ferry more than a 100
knights to their destination in the afternoon, that was way too fast. It had
only been about 15 minutes since they traveled by sea.
The familiar 'Cinderella Castle' of Maihama was before her eyes.
The paddle steamer seemed to be docking at the pier.
The Maihama citizens working at the dock were in a state of panic,
probably startled by the gigantic black ship. This could not be avoided as
the citizens did not receive any news in advance.
This was normal.
This was the society of the People of the Land Raynesia had always
known about.

An army where everyone had a personal long range communication
device, was literate, and able to understand the content and objectives of
battles, that was weird. If the people working at the docks were
Adventurers, they would be able to understand the reason, purpose, and
follow-up plan of this ship.
Just like that time when Raynesia landed in Akiba on the griffon, the
preparations would have been made.
But the Maihama Raynesia resided in was not like Akiba. As the sole
People of the Land on this ship, Raynesia felt the obligation to calm her
people.
Krusty guided her to the bow of the ship to wave to the people. The
Raynesia right now was nothing like the princess who was lazy and
disliked the crowds.

Part 5
Meanwhile, a tactical headquarters supervised by Shiroe was commanding
the expedition main force.
The strategy that Shiroe and Krusty were adopting was not 'steady
advancement', but 'speedy and imperfect'. No one could predict the future
movement of the goblin army in the center of the archipelago, but if they
ran out of food on the hills, they would obviously raid one of the towns.
They were currently unable to ascertain the goblin army's main target, so
Akiba did not have the initiative.
The choice of where to fight lay in the hands of the enemy which was a
disadvantage.
Speed was the most important thing to gain the upper hand in this
situation.
Fortunately, the zone between Maihama and Akiba was relatively flat in
this alternate world. The only problem was where to cross the river as they
traveled southeast from Akiba.
Predicting that the route was relatively safe, Shiroe decided not to muster
the troops and move out together, opting to let Adventurers who were
ready to party up and move out immediately.

The tactical headquarters was a communication network formed by Shiroe,
Charasin and 10+ others.
They were sorting the Adventurers who enlisted by their guilds and also
registering independent Adventurers to the network as well.
The headquarters used this network to receive reports and disseminate
information speedily. The network didn't take long to set up. After
confirming the interest of a guild to take part in the operation, they would
request for a representative of the guild to set up a communication
network, and the headquarters staff and the representative would add
each other to their friend lists.
The blitz group that already left, the main expedition force, and the reserve
supply company had their own communication networks.
This expedition army possessed perfect communication that had never
been seen before, the current problem that Shiroe's headquarters was
facing was how to party up this strange expedition force.
(We need to come up with a name list by levels... This step is hard to make
while they are on the move, so we should set a rough destination for them
to gather.)
The first destination was around Matsudo in the old world, situated north of
Maihama, the start of the hilly region... a place between Akiba and
Maihama. According to Shiroe's knowledge of Elder Tales, there were
many abandoned buildings there, a terrain not suitable for battles.
But they had no choice if there were no suitable zones to choose from.
From reports received through telepathy, 'Ocypete' had docked in
Maihama and the blitz group was moving to the abandoned port of
Narashino under the guide of a few People of the Land.
The blitz group under Krusty's command had 96 people.
A party was made up of 6 Adventurers, a 'Full Raid' consisted of 24
people, a 'Legion Raid' was formed by 4 'Full Raids', this 96-people group
was the biggest fighting unit in Elder Tales.
Krusty may look like a gentleman wearing glasses, but he was actually the
leader of the biggest battle guild in Akiba and Japan, a charismatic raid
commander.

He fully understood the tactical importance of speed in this war and would
continue to press on without rest after reaching Narashino.
Shiroe took a map from his pack while riding his horse.
The abandoned port of Narashino was about 25km away in a straight line
from the central forest where the goblin main force was. For a normal
knight in this world, they would need to take 3 days to reach there. But with
Krusty's speed, they should be able to engage them tomorrow morning.
The main expedition force was going by horse instead of sea, so their
formation was pulled very long which could not be helped.
(The low-level personnel should make camp about 5km north of
Maihama...)
Analyzing the surrounding terrain of Maihama, remembering the
characteristics of the zone, and choosing suitable grounds, this camp
would be centered around the low-level Adventurers. They would need to
organize themselves in a defensive formation and maintain border security,
and would also be a resupply point so it needed to be big enough.
Midoraunto Equestrian Garden.
His finger stopped at this place marked with a a small green oval. If Shiroe
recalled correctly, this was an equestrian garden that looked like a big
sports arena. There was much wildlife in the surroundings, but there were
no heinous monsters, an ideal location.
"Communication team! Please help me to relay, the first destination of the
army moving north will be Midoraunto Equestrian garden! The secondary
company will go along the coastline. When the advance party arrives, they
are to post sentries, set up camp and clear away the debris!"
All kind of possibilities flashed through Shiroe's mind.
He looked highly focused, giving off a cold atmosphere like glass as he
adjusted his glasses.
(The battle this time trends toward lightning-fast engagement, there is no
need to be too concerned with the supply line... The number over here is...)
The expedition's main force that Shiroe was commanding was about 1200,
about 10 percent of all Adventurers in Akiba. If you took away the

production players, the participation percentage of fighting Adventurers
would be about 20%.
Including Shiroe, no one here had any experience fighting in a large-scale
war with more than 1000 people. But Raynesia's speech had definitely set
the spirits of many Adventurers ablaze, much more then Raynesia
imagined. The party that just overtook Shiroe had high morale and fighting
spirits in their eyes.
The duty of Shiroe was to keep morale up, avoid all kinds of obstacles and
guide them to victory in battle.
There were some who say that you could learn from your failures. But
Shiroe thought they would not learn anything if they failed in this
expedition.
The confidence and glory of Adventurers, the weight behind their words in
this world, living in this world, and their acceptance of the governance in
Akiba. All these elements demanded that Shiroe obtained victory.
There was no room for failure.
And the fact was 1200 people were enough to gain victory. Using
Soujirou's words, each of them just needed to defeat 10 goblins.
Shiroe was responsible for dealing with any unexpected hinges, guiding
the 1200 Adventurers to the front-line and pointing where they should
expend their fighting spirit.
(It is 10km to Midoraunto Equestrian Garden... we can reach it in the
afternoon without rushing, we should make camp here. I should detail half
of them to border security and do a wide area search for signs of the
goblins. I will then lead the other half to follow Krusty-san's example and
attack the goblin main force. Another way is to leave the defense of the city
to the People of the Land and bring the whole army uphill...)
...Shiroe simulated all the possibilities in his mind as he spurred his horse
on.

Part 6
Krusty was advancing faster than the upper limit of Shiroe's predictions.

After meeting and looking through the Adventurers on board, he had
already organized everyone into groups.
Organizing sounded easy, but was hard to do.
For instance, all spells would naturally have ranges. Healing magic had the
range of 20m on average while the largest range for the support songs of
bards was also 20m.
Only allies within range would receive buff support and healing. A group of
people who could battle within this range was the concept of a 6-man party
in this world.
Inversely speaking, the unit party was based on cooperating within this
20m range as its main principle.
If that was the case, all parties would need at least 1 tank and 1 healer.
A 'Full Raid' formed by 4 parties also needed to arrange themselves by this
principle to maintain balance.
It was the same for a 'Legion Raid' formed by 16 parties. If there were 24
healers, they should not band them into 4 parties of 6 healers.
On the other hand, this didn't mean that all parties should be composed
with the same well-balanced team.
As they may run into different situations, they would need to add variety to
the parties to handle them.
For example, if all parties only had 1 healer, the tank may not be able to
withstand attacks from powerful monsters. It would be best for parties
battling such powerful monsters to have 2 healers, or even 3 to be safe.
From another angle, if there were no parties with more damage dealers,
there would be no units to take out the enemies like a sharp blade during
critical moments, and the fight would become a battle of attrition.
If all the parties were composed similarly, they would lack the ability to
adapt.
If the party did not have excellent teamwork, they would not be able to
perform to their full potential.

Taking into account that members of the same guild worked better
together, it would be better to put them in the same or neighboring party.
The famous veteran Adventurers would be able to work elegantly no
matter which party you slotted them in, making them useful wild cards.
Apart from the class and abilities of each Adventurer, they also needed to
consider their experience and their suitability for command.
Even in the most basic 6-man party, the key to teamwork in battle was to
communicate with each other, this was common knowledge to the
veterans.
For a 24-man 'Full Raid' group, the complexity and confusion would
increase as well, so who would do what? Should they focus on healing or
attacking? Where should they position themselves? They needed to make
judgements like this during battles, so each party needed to elect a leader
to execute the plan of the 'Full Raid' captain.
For a 'Legion Raid' battle, the 'Full Raid' captain would need to take orders
from the 'Legion Raid' commander, you needed a high level of
concentration and experience to maintain this chain of command in the
heat of the battle.
When Elder Tales was just a game, there were very few quests that
required a 'Legion Raid' to accomplish, as it was difficult to gather almost a
hundred veteran players within the given time-frame. The teamwork
training for the 96 players would be too hard to imagine.
The obstacle for challenging 'Legion Raid' quests was too high for regular
players, since most players could not do the quest, the company would not
focus on developing them.
The 'Legion Raid' quests were too difficult, only suitable for the few
high-level veteran players to challenge, so those who completed them
would obtain extreme wealth and fame, but the challengers were very few.
D.D.D was a guild that had been challenging this type of high-level content
since the time when Elder Tales was a game. Guild Master Krusty of
D.D.D was one of the group of less than 20 players on the Japanese
server who had actual 'Full Raid' command experience.

He used this experience expertly to organize the time with a surprising
speed. The personnel arrangement looked random at a glance, but it made
perfect sense if you studied it.
Krusty's group that disembarked from 'Ocypete' had been split into the
96-person blitz group and the 12-man Raynesia protection and
surveillance group. Krusty learned the main points of the terrain in the
surrounding area from the People of the Land, added the details to his
military map and marched the group off without hesitation.
The 'Full Raid' groups had been assigned a number from 1 to 4. They
reached Sand Leaf peninsula in the evening, their goal was 24km west of
Kasumiura.
The blitz group from Akiba advanced on horseback to conserve their
strength, the parties taking turns to lead the group. They moved like the
wind through the deteriorating roads of past centuries.
Like a flash of black lightning piercing through Sand Leaf.
Onward! Onward!
Krusty's blitz group was speeding ahead like an arrow, going straight to the
heart of the enemy forces.

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Soujirou
Level: 90
Race: Human
Class: Samurai
HP: 13624
MP: 6807<td>Equipment
Divine Sword - Kogarasumaru<br\> A powerful Phantasmal-class Samurai
weapon. Very difficult to acquire. Not only is it very powerful, it is an AI type
item that can summon the personification of the sword which acts as
support during battle.
Dragonfly Beads of Ten-thousand Natural Calamities<br\> An amulet that
acts as a talisman against evil and changes color. Reward from the quest
"Questions and Answers Night". Provides high resistance to movement
inhibition attacks against those below level 80.
Warrior Armor of the New Emperor<br\> Samurai-exclusive armor worn by
heroes in ancient times. Phantasmal-class armor with very high physical
defense, along with various status bonuses. Its special ability is to absorb
curses.

Chapter 4: Chase that back
Part 1
After Raynesia left, the meeting had an atmosphere of chaos and
exhaustion. The senate leader of the Round Table Council left with
Raynesia, followed by Shiroe who the nobles saw as a politically moderate
tactician.
The only envoy of the Round Table Council left was the hardliner hawk
Michitaka.
The nobles didn't know where to throw the clenched fist they held up in the
air. No, holding fists up in the air was still fine, whether they could throw
out the fist was another problem. Those who were willing and able to pick
up the pieces had already left, the group didn't know what to do.
Following Krusty 's departure, the pitiful Baron Craindit lost his ability to
moderate the meeting, his face alternated between green and red, even
his attendants were unable to help him. In the end he begged permission
to leave as he walked out gasping for air.
Even if they were not at the level of Baron Craindit, all the nobles should
have a certain degree of the Baron's confused emotions.
As it had come to this, the meeting ended temporarily.
Michitaka sighed as he walked to the corridor.
(This is going to be troublesome.)
Michitaka might be the guild master of a major production guild, but he was
not proficient in negotiating the details. He thought a merchant just needed
to produce quality goods and sell them at an appropriate price.
(And I am a blacksmith...)
He still saw himself as an active blacksmith, he had been wielding his
hammer everyday even after joining the Round Table Council. With the
drop in players raiding high-level dungeons, there had been a drop in the
supply of high-level magic ingredients which made him sad. But this type of
problem could be solved by managing the supplies strictly.

He was made a leader by his comrades because he liked to socialize with
others and wouldn't reject conversing with others. This was how Michitaka
judged himself.
The nobles saw him as a hawk, but Michitaka only yelled angrily at a
certain idiot once, he did not bear any hostility towards the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal'. He only opposed sending military aid because
that was his assigned role among the three, he did not oppose this
personally.
...But he was a production player, he had a lower risk of dying compared to
the battle players. Even if there were a war, he and his guild should be
responsible for the resupply and support role of Akiba, so how could he
agree to wage war so easily? He couldn't deny that he felt a sense of guilt
over this.
(...The situation has already progressed to this stage, I am just ranting.)
His thick and strong fingers reached through his black hair and scratched
his head. He felt low-spirited and unable to let go.
Michitaka was followed by a male attendant, walking down an empty and
long corridor. He casually looked towards the balcony as he turned the
corner. There was no hidden meaning behind his action, he was just
turning his head after seeing the moonlight on the floor.
"Soujirou-sama, is this egg dessert tasty?"
"Soujirou-sama, please listen to me too!"
"Soujirou-sama seems tired, let me sing you a gentle lullaby and let you
rest for a while..."
There was a luxurious couch in the balcony under the moonlight, a place
suitable for tea parties. A colleague of Michitaka, West Wind Brigade's
guild master Soujirou was being surrounded by princesses and maids of
the People of the Land, making Michitaka feel a sense of desolation.
The dark clouds were hanging over the future of Akiba, his sense of guilt,
an inexplicable feeling of unease, all these things he was thinking about
didn't seem to matter anymore.

Compared to the sight and atmosphere around Soujirou, everything about
the Round Table Council and the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' was
colorless and boring.
(Ah ah, the expression on my face probably looks like a graffiti drawn with
a left hand.)
Michitaka did not approach Soujirou and headed towards the zone where
his bedroom was.
(That's it for tonight, what should we do tomorrow?)
Michitaka thought so, but he found that the development that followed
would be complicated.
Duke Corwen, grandfather of Raynesia, was waiting at the rest area in
front of the Round Table Council's zone. The old duke was accompanied
by a single knight as he bowed to greet Michitaka silently. The long
meeting must be tiring on his body but he showed no signs of fatigue,
which earned Michitaka's respect.
The elderly Duke simply said: "Is it convenient?"
Michitaka realized what he meant and led the way.
He invited the Duke to a small meeting room, this was where the Round
Table Council... Krusty, Shiroe, and Michitaka held their usual meetings.
Small was only relative to the size of the whole palace, 2 such rooms
would be big enough to be Michitaka's home back in Japan.
Michitaka ushered him to a seat and took out tea from his Bag of Holding
to serve. The old Duke looked surprised, but someone like the Duke
definitely knew about Bags of Holding, so Michitaka didn't understand his
amazement and decided to ignore it for now.
"Sorry to disturb at such a late hour."
"Please, don't mind me, if we don't clean up this mess of a meeting, we
won't be able to sleep well."
"Hahaha, indeed."
The elder nobleman stroked his grand beard and laughed without
reservation.

"The Corwen family must not fall because of the reckless actions of my
granddaughter."
He was in a very delicate position right now.
Duke Sergead was the chairman of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'
and commanded great influence. But right now this influence was
becoming a negative burden.
"As you have judged, it is possible that the girl's actions fractured the
relationships between the league members."
His words hinted at the doubts the other nobles had of clan Corwen.
Maihama was a strong city under Sergead's governance, if he pulled in a
few other counties and allied with Akiba, their power would be strong
enough to subjugate the rest of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'.
Raynesia did not harbor such grand ambitions. The Round Table Council
including Michitaka also thought all the events leading to their present
situation happened at the spur of the moment, and there were no hidden
meanings behind them.
But in that kind of situation, the most important thing was how others
interpreted it.
Even if there were no hidden motives now, it might be significant in the
future.
(Even this conversation might be interpreted as some sort of conspiracy...)
"Speaking of possibilities, Maihama might lean towards allying with the
new rising force of Akiba?"
Michitaka asked directly, he was not good with testing the waters or
scheming.
"That might work too, ermmm... What do you think Michitaka-dono?"
Michitaka resented being addressed as lord during the meeting, so the
Duke made a good impression on him by addressing him as "-dono".
Michitaka had no grudge against the word lord itself, but this elderly man
was wary about using terms that might anger Michitaka, which made him
want to continue negotiations.

(But I am not as talented as Shiroe...)
Michitaka moved his thick neck to tilt his head.
There was the gentle sound of door knocks.
After Michitaka gave permission to enter, Henrietta entered pushing a cart
of snacks. The envoy reinforcement requested by Shiroe included chefs,
and they had been preparing all sorts of dishes to complement all the
meetings and parties in the Round Table Council zone of the palace (they
had been working their asses off).
These snacks and beverages had been arranged for by Henrietta.
"Ah ah, you came just at the right time Henrietta-san, please join us."
"No, I'm just here for..."
"Ay, please don't hold back."
Henrietta frowned at Michitaka's invitation, but she took a seat besides
Michitaka after setting the table.
"You are the lady who danced with Shiroe-dono at the party correct?"
"Yes, I am Henrietta from Crescent Moon Alliance."
"Crescent Moon Alliance is one of the 11 guilds that forms the Round
Table Council, this lady is the guild tactician."
Michitaka took a breath after finishing his introduction.
He did not intend to dump all the responsibility on Henrietta, but this
meeting was too important and Henrietta should be able to look out for
Michitaka's blind spots and hint the direction the meeting should take.
But first, they helped themselves to the snacks.
Cold-cut chicken sandwich, warm veggie salad, fruits, and diluted alcoholic
drinks.
They chatted casually while enjoying the food.
Michitaka and Henrietta gave a brief summary of where they stood,
Sergead described the streets of Maihama, the topics took a detour before
coming back to the main topic of the night.

"I have a general understanding of what you meant... let me think..."
Henrietta gracefully put down her teacup and said.
She continued expressing her views to Sergead who looked like a kind
gentle grandfather.
"I think the most important starting point is Duke Sergead's long term plan,
I think we can come to a consensus with that."
Michitaka grunted.
This was a simple conclusion. The painful and confusing 5 hour meeting
could be summarized in this one sentence, how pathetic. But he should be
thankful for Henrietta's intelligence and capabilities instead. They say 2
heads are better than 1, but Michitaka understood from his experience on
Earth that such meetings would seldom yield the benefits of brainstorming.
"You are right, hmmm...."
Duke Sergead closed his eyes.
"It might be wrong for me to say this, but we won't make any progress if we
keep testing the waters. I want to use this opportunity to find out your
straightforward views and what you wish to achieve for your side."
Michitaka added.
He did not want to be treated like a cat or a dog, but this old man would
treat him with proper respect. If the chairman of the league also acted this
way, there would be no point in further discussion.
"To start, I would like for your aid to defend against the goblin army and to
exterminate them. In our long years of battle with the demihumans,
protecting this land that nurtures us is our top priority."
Michitaka agreed with him.
Nobles who did not want to protect their people and lands were not real
nobles.
Instead of being a goal or condition, this was akin to the premise of their
discussions.

"Next, I will not be inviting you all to become the 25th member of the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'."
This stunned Michitaka.
"Right now, I feel that treating the Round Table Council as another fortress
or territory's feudal lord is the reason for our failure. I do not wish to
exclude or keep a distant from the Round Table Council, to put simply, I
have come to realize that the Round Table Council is an organization that
is equal to the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'. The Round Table
Council and Akiba are able to rival the whole 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal' in both their structure and strength. We the 'League of Freedom
Towns Eastal' are an alliance of all the feudal lords while the Round Table
Council is made up of clans... I remember you call them guilds? It is a
council made of guilds, the two of us are very similar. You might only have
just one city, and we have the preconception that one city is too small and
underestimated you. We have been making rude and one sided requests, I
want to apologize for our impudence."
Michitaka considered Sergead's words.
"That's the way Akiba is, their influence does not match its territory. If we
force Akiba into the frame of the League, problems are bound to arise and
will end up hurting or ending the League. Even if we succeed in putting a
bell on the neck of the wolf, there is no way we can chain it, it is even more
impossible to do that to the griffon flying in the sky. I think the 'League of
Freedom Towns Eastal' and the Round Table Council should be on equal
standing, that is the best relationship for us. We need to sign mutual
non-aggression treaties and open up trade routes and use this as a basis
of our relationship."
"No problem."
Michitaka's reply made Sergead eyes open wide.
"The Round Table Council has no ambition of fighting for territory or
harboring any intention of invading other territories. We just want to protect
our home in this world and realize our own dreams... a way back to our old
world, and we will be content. For this, we need to live in this world in the
meantime, we need to visit the ruins and relics all around the world, we will
also need to trade for food and resources. To achieve this goal, it is not

necessary to alienate our neighbors, being able to work together is a good
thing."
Michitaka replied in one shot and looked toward Henrietta. Henrietta
frowned for a moment and added:
"This is a very possible but rough policy correct? Even if we announce that
we will be on equal standings, we need to see the content of the treaties
and confirm to what extent we can honor them before we can make any
concrete promises."
Michitaka nodded and agreed to the words she spoke a little bit too fast.
He was hoping that Henrietta would watch out for such details.
Duke Sergead was speechless for a while, stunned by the speedy
response and sincere attitude of the 2 of them.
"But since we are dealing as equals, signing a treaty of non-aggression...
meaning we will not attack each other, and to maintain our relationship as
trading partners. Sorry to be blunt, but the countermeasures of the goblin
attack would not be included in this treaty correct? I am not using this as
an excuse since we have not signed anything, but for Maihama and the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal', dealing with the goblins is a matter of
grave importance correct?"
Both Michitaka and Duke Sergead nodded and agreed on Henrietta's
point.
The topic went back to this point in the end.
The burdens on the People of the Land and the Adventurers were not the
same.
Their positions and views differed, making them distant.
"Let's not talk about this for now."
Michitaka shrugged as if to tease the increasingly heavy atmosphere.
He was thinking about what Soujirou was doing, just remembering that
scene made him feel silly for thinking so seriously.

The Adventurers had limitless powers, the People of the Land envied them
and had to resort to schemes? The dirty side of politics made his heart
heavy, but after looking at Soujirou and his harem, everything seemed to
not matter anymore. It was an experience that made you lose strength in
your legs. No matter if it were envy, anger, or doubts, they were all easy to
comprehend in comparison.
In the end, Michitaka did not need to burden himself to this extent.
"The parties involved, Krusty-dono and Princess Raynesia are not present,
so it might be inappropriate to say this. They might have some concrete
plan on what to do, so it is unfair that only we have to rack our brains. We
need to include Shiroe-dono too and make the 3 of them think about it, that
is the correct distribution of labor."
Michitaka's view was a bit crude, but the other two also felt the same.
Even if they came to a consensus or their negotiations broke down, the
events had already been set in motion. The troops from Akiba should be
moving out at dawn, neither Michitaka nor Duke Sergead could stop them.
Since both Krusty and Shiroe were on it, there was no way they would fail.
They had always been successful in achieving their goals when they took
matters into their hands.
For Michitaka, this was a guaranteed result.
So they could only wait and see how things turned out.
"Shiroe-sama will think of something."
Henrietta pouted as if she were angry and her words seemed to belittle
Shiroe, but her eyes seemed to be full of confidence. Michitaka grunted in
agreement.
"And so, I will let my granddaughter shoulder the responsibility for this
incident."
Duke Sergead's teasing words concluded this conversation.

Part 2

(What was that noise...? Just in the bushes under that tree... Could it be...
Could it be goblins?)
Beside Raynesia was a female knight wearing the conservative military
costume from D.D.D. Instead of weapons, she was holding a map in one
hand and several reports in the other, talking nonstop through telepathy.
"A big group at 2 o'clock, a strike team at 9 o'clock, total of 18, 2 giant
beasts."
The sound of simple reports, different from the style of the knights, not like
anything she had heard of.
When Raynesia's eyes were not used to the dark and she was feeling
scared, this lady rubbed some balm gently on her eyelids. Raynesia was
able to see after blinking a while, her vision was clear and the surroundings
had a rose colored tint.
But the sounds from the dark were still scary.
This was not deep in the mountains or valleys, but Raynesia grew up in the
city and lacked resistance to this type of environment. She shuddered at
every movement in the dark bushes.
(Calm... Calm down, I need to be strong... right, stay calm...)
Her emotions were still intact.
She could not lose the grit to move on.
But her body was more honest, she was tense and shivering as she felt
her life was in danger. She mobilized all her strength from her years of
education as a lady to push on, but the cat was almost out of the bag.
"Princess Raynesia, if we go further up the ridge, we will be able to have a
better view, we will rest when we reach there."
The female knight informed her.
The warriors around her seemed to know of this arrangement as they
changed their formation smoothly. Only Raynesia and two People of the
Land stood blankly in the middle of the formation. The two of them
provided details of the geography to the female knight when she queried
them. There was a small stream ahead you could cross in one stride, a

short climb after the river would lead you to the rocky region, there was a
platform there where you could see the whole valley.
Raynesia's group bashed through the vegetation and advanced.
The leading warrior would clear the bigger branches, but the sharp and
thorny undergrowth was still in the way. But Raynesia's 'Valkyrie Mail' was
quality armor, akin to an invisible barrier of air protecting her.
(The performance is great, but this is really...)
She was concerned with exposing her thighs.
If it were winter, she would be able to wear a long cloak using the cold as
an excuse. But she could not do that in the summer, Raynesia was
wearing a thin cape that only reached her waist, she was reluctant to even
call it a cape.
(Ah...)
She had unexpectedly walked a long way while thinking about this. Going
around a cluster of tall beech trees and up the slope the height of a man,
the view became wide and open. This was a rocky platform 6 meters wide
and you could see the mountain ridges and valleys from here. The river
and forest under the cliff were also visible from here.
There were countless lights dotting the area, probably the torches of the
goblin army? The lights squirmed and wiggled like a procession of evil
bugs.
"Please take a seat."
The female knight ushered her to a foldable field chair. It didn't have a
backrest or armrest, but she was grateful to be able to sit and close her
legs.
Raynesia thanked her politely and borrowed the seat.
Raynesia understood from that speech that Adventurers and the People of
the Land were fundamentally different. Not only Krusty and the Round
Table Council, she had to be prepared that everyone had the upbringing
and courtesy on the level of nobles.
So she could not forget to show courtesy and gratitude in her behavior.

But the Adventurers seemed to dislike empty formalities, was her
expression of gratitude adequate? Raynesia observed the female knight,
she seemed to be busy studying the map and talking through telepathy, so
it should be okay.
The Adventurers around her took out foldable equipment, including a
3-legged table and several tubes that were probably telescopes.
"It begins."
"Ah?"
The moment Raynesia turned at the knight's words, a flash of light fell into
the valley, followed shortly by a loud explosion and their surroundings
shook because of the tremor. The female knight pointed into a corner of
the dark valley with her white finger guiding the confused Raynesia.
Raynesia focused at that area and felt the faraway scenery that was
glowing become bigger. She could even make out the shape of the trees
and leaves.
"This is 'Fairy Balm' used for sniping, the view from the distance looks very
clear right? Please avoid pulling your focus too far... It is starting, please
watch this closely."
That white flash was only for an instant.
The lightning strike right at the center of the goblin group, the bright
hammer that fell from the sky was more like dynamite than an electric
attack, the explosion blowing the goblins away.
Raynesia could see Krusty's body clearly in the bright flash of light, he
wielded the double-edged axe twice the height of Raynesia agilely, his tall
body moving swiftly in the forest.
In the wake of Krusty's path, about a hundred people followed him along
the stream. It felt like the cape fluttering on Krusty's back was elongating
and corroding the whole forest.
They striked at or pierced the goblins without mercy upon contact.
The flashes of light every now and then should be magic spells. She could
not tell from this distance, but they probably had overwhelming destructive
power.

But, compared to the unstoppable charge of the group, she had more
interest in Krusty himself.
Leading his men from the front, guiding the knights with his back, Krusty
was emitting a strange air. The different emotion she felt back on the ship
deck had taken physical form and was rampaging through a mountain of
corpses.
He was smiling with his lips the shape of the crescent moon.
His eyes squinted with joy.
The glasses reflected silvery lights.
Krusty rampaged in the battlefield happily, like a child rushing around in a
festival.
He swung his hands.
His axe was like the wind, you could not see its tip.
A 3-meter wide vacuum suddenly surrounded him.
Some monsters attacked Krusty occasionally. A wolf the size of an ox
charged at him and Krusty stopped it with his left hand while he sent out an
order. Dozens of arrow and several swords strengthened by magic pierced
through the wolf immediately.
The beast turned into pieces of meat in Krusty's hand. He tossed it aside
causally like a wheat bag and shifted his interest to the next group of
goblins.
Ominous.
Eerie.
A disgusting feeling of fear.
But in Raynesia's eyes, this scene felt very sorrowful.
It was ominous and eerie because this was how Raynesia interpreted it.
But to bear such thoughts for a warrior protecting her homeland, Raynesia
thought that was a shameful thought.

But what about the feeling of sorrow?
Why was there a feeling of solitude?
"50 ahead, 2 hill giants, healing team stand-by at the side, start destroying
the small teams from the outside."
She could hear bits of the female knight's conversations.
Raynesia opened the eyes she closed unconsciously, 2 colossal giants the
size of siege towers were approaching Krusty from the front.
"...!"
A club as thick as a tree struck downwards, Krusty handled his two-handed
axe like a dancing sparrow and positioned himself between the two giants.
To Raynesia, the giants with their devastating size could crush Krusty in an
instant. But the smile on Krusty's face deepened with no signs of fear.
Krusty swung his glowing red axe at the giants and they retaliated furiously
focusing only on Krusty.
The two giants fell into a frenzy and attacked Krusty relentlessly in a fury,
Krusty seemed to be barely hanging on and defending.
These two should be the secret weapons of the goblin attacking squads, a
large number of goblins equipped with stone bows and spears scattered
around them. But the 'Legion Raid' Krusty was leading seemed to stop
holding back and attacked at will.
The 'Legion Raid' divided roughly into 4 and each splinter group split
further into 4 parties, spreading out and taking on the goblins, surrounding
them from one side and flooding the goblins in the forest.
The movements of the Akiba army was fast and flawless, the goblins
without a well-defined command structure could not match them and was
cut down one by one in the dark by sword or sorcery.
From Raynesia's vision enhanced by the Fairy Balm, their dancing figures
rushed through the forest.
Krusty was in the middle of the dancing formation.
He swung his hand down like a conductor.

A volley of fireballs like a burning avalanche swallowed the group of
goblins.
Krusty looked so elated.
He had so much more freedom than his time in the palace.
This made Raynesia sad.
Raynesia didn't know why she was sad and lonely as she watched Krusty.
He swung his axe with all his might, cutting open enemies, blocking
attacks. Both his arms were bleeding but his footwork was strong and
steady, Krusty's heroic command inspired the troops like a god of war.
The Krusty in Raynesia's eyes was so free that he might just turn
transparent and disappear into the morning light.
(This...)
This was a sorrow that weighed heavily in her heart.
The invincible and strong Krusty in both the palace and the battlefield
seemed so fleeting to Raynesia, making her wonder if there was anything
wrong with her mind.
Krusty seemed so delighted, but the end of this happiness was probably
emptiness and solitude. This doubt rose in Raynesia's mind.
The blitz group led by Krusty continued their advance in the forest.
Raynesia who was watching all this straightened her back, following the
back of that burly Adventurer with all her heart.

Part 3
Maryele's group used the fisherman's warehouse by the Sand Leaf River
as their temporary base, keeping in contact with the team patrolling around
the town, updating them on the situation while coming up with a defensive
plan.
There were no goblin sightings for half a day.

The goblins seemed to have pulled back from the forest and the
Adventurers were taking turns sleeping in the hotels or this warehouse.
It had been 24 hours since the goblin attack, Maryele's group had
successfully defended Choshi during this period.
The more you looked down on the beginners, the more passionate they
were in adjusting and helping, Maryele was surprised by this.
She thought this was probably natural.
(These kids joined 'Elder Tales' because of the release of the new
expansion pack, this is all new to them, so they will not have any bias...)
In Elder Tales, new players meant characters with low-levels and immature
battle prowess. With this kind of disadvantage, the veteran players would
treat the beginners as weaklings.
But they did not have any preconceptions of the game, this was their
advantage.
When Shiroe revealed that the People of the Land were the same as
players, they had personalities, desires, sense, and understanding like
humans... this had a huge impact on the veteran players.
But the impact was lighter for the beginners.
They had short contact with the game, they had not grown accustomed to
the idea that Elder Tales was just a game. Because of this, they just felt
like they had been abducted to this alternate world that had nothing to do
with Elder Tales.
Hence, they were more passionate and aggressive about protecting the
People of the Land and were serious about actually doing it, this made
Maryele happy. The summer training camp beginners did not need much
convincing before agreeing to fight and protect Choshi.
Seeing the beginners volunteering themselves, the veterans could not
stand by and do nothing.
The summer training camp started out on a voluntary basis, so the veteran
participants were all kind and caring to the beginners. Under the
passionate and burning eyes of the beginners, the veterans had to put on
a brave face and lead them.

On top of that there was the smiling support from Maryele who was not
aware of it herself, pushing the morale even higher.
Minori and Nyanta conspiring to go up the hill made her feel hurt, but it all
ended spectacularly well. From what Maryele knew, there were 26
defensive actions at the borders that night, about 4 battles per hour.
Compared to raiding dungeons, this was a relaxing pace.
The expression of the beginners changed as dawn broke.
Fighting in this world was not the same as fighting in the game Elder Tales,
there was another type of hardship. Instead of saying the battle was
grueling, it should be the air of the battle that was acrid.
Their bodies inherited the high physical abilities of the characters. Although
it might differ from class to class, but stamina, strength, toughness, and
agility were not a problem for them. They could heal their wounds by
magic, if it was just a scratch, it would recover in half a day without the
need for recovery spells.
The horror of fighting was more of a psychological thing.
Even if they were monsters, taking lives was still a terrifying experience,
some Adventurers might even be traumatized, Maryele could understand
their feelings too.
If they wanted to carry on battling in this world, they must get used to this
no matter what. Before the beginners grew accustomed to this, they would
need the guidance and motivation from their veteran companions.
In terms of opportunities and motivation, the defense of Choshi was a big
challenge for the beginners, it was also a rare chance for them as well.
The first to notice there was something wrong with the ocean were also the
spirited beginners. Their high morale would reflect on their fighting spirits
and determination, but the most obvious effect was the increase of their
concentration.
A trio of beginners on their way to guard Choshi noticed white foam and
bubbles in the direction of the coastline and informed Maryele immediately.

It might be their memory of the horror of being assaulted at the beach, but
this fear produced positive results this time.
Because they detected them early, the Sahuagin were still on the far side
of the beach when the veteran players arrived.
The Sand Leaf River was very wide in this zone and the river mouth
connected to the sea. The fresh and salt water mixed with the tides and
several piers stuck out into the river.
The veterans groaned as they looked at the surface of the sea, there was
a lot of white foam on the surface, the enemy was much more than just
100 or 200.
(This...)
Maryele also felt it.
Choshi was a peaceful town centered around fishing and farming, so their
town was built along the Sand Leaf River. Considering the problem with
the river flooding and the tides, the residents maintained at least a
100-meter distance from the river, which was very near.
And this 100m was not in the forest or on the hills.
This was just an open beach of sand and stones for the fishermen to pull
their fishing boats and tools to shore.
The flank of the town was fully exposed with such a wide avenue of attack,
protecting the town from such a large number of Sahuagin was almost
impossible.
(No, instead of saying impossible... It is easy for us to survive, we can just
run away, we can take them all down if we have enough time. But to
completely protect the town and the People of the Land from harm... it is
probably impossible...)
But as Maryele was at a loss for words staring at the foam, the sound of
bowstrings tightening came from either side of her.
To her right was Naotsugu with Tohya beside him.
On the left was a beginner assassin and many other warriors holding their
bows getting ready for battle. Shouryuu who was not proficient with bows

was holding thick metallic needles taking the stance to throw them like
knives.
"Mary-san, please say a few words to motivate us."
Naotsugu said with a bright smile.
This smile lightened her mood.
There was no need to worry.
Maryele was always surrounded by a group of reliable and helpful
companions. Just this smile made her heart grow wings and flutter.
"I understand, that... Eh, everyone listen up!"
Maryele raised her voice.
The bubbles were squirming even more as it approached the river mouth.

"Thank you everyone for your support! With the help of everybody, there
have been no casualties in Choshi and the damage to the farms are kept
to a minimum. We successfully fended off the goblins, this is great news.
But we are not done yet, we need to defeat the enemy coming from this
side before it ends... before we are really done in protecting this town. This
is the final battle, please lend me your strength... I believe everyone can do
it, yeah, let's go! Move out!"
The bowstrings sounded out loudly.
After 3 waves of sound, Naotsugu led the charge towards the coastline
with Shouryuu and Rezarick behind him, Nyanta waved gracefully at
Maryele before joining them.
The Adventurers rushed towards the coastline in a line.
But there were a few parties that did not take part in the assault. At the
corner of the road farm trail where you had the view of the whole coastline
was Minori sitting there. When Maryele looked at her with puzzled eyes,
she replied: "We will need to substitute another team soon."
This was a calm observation, and Maryele started to doubt if she was
really in middle school. But she had a point, since they would be defending
against such a large group of enemies, they would need to plan a roster for
resting and fighting.
A fierce fight broke out at the coastline.
If that was the case, Maryele should rest too.
It was very draining for the healers in a long fight, Maryele as a high level
cleric would be needed in the coming battles.

Part 4
Midoraunto Equestrian Garden.
Simple defensive outposts were being built and the parties were being
formed. After the confirmation of their responsibilities the parties were sent
out one by one, so the number still in the camp was only a third of the
whole army.

The situation was changing by the moment.
Krusty's blitz group had already engaged the enemy early this morning,
from the reports of the surveillance team, they had inflicted casualties of
more than a thousand enemies. They would know soon what this figure
meant in the whole war.
Shiroe was known as a tactician, but he was not familiar with the military
tactics of the real world, so he didn't know if that figure was big or small, or
if the goblins would retreat from this loss.
Commonly speaking, if 30% of an armed force was unable to fight, this
was as good as a total loss. This was the crude knowledge Shiroe had but
he had doubts about it.
Would the goblins flee in a fight? It was possible, but that only happened if
there was only 1 left. Elder Tales was a game, the monsters in the game
would only attempt to flee at this stage and would never surrender.
Considering this, the 30% rule might not be applicable here, or the military
knowledge of the real world might not be applicable in this world at all, or
maybe demihumans like goblins did not understand the concept of retreat.
But they also received good news.
Krusty's army managed to defeat giant beasts and 2 giants in the goblin
army without much loss. Unless the goblins had other cards up their
sleeves, it would be fine for Krusty's army to continue their raid.
(If there are enemies Krusty's army cannot handle, nobody else in Akiba
will stand a chance.)
Different enemies had different affinities, if you understood the enemy, you
would be able to organize and plan accordingly to take them out.
So even if Krusty's army failed, it didn't mean it was an enemy that could
not be defeated. When Elder Tales was a game, they had to go through
countless failures and get wiped out multiple times before they found the
right way to complete the raid. The intelligence gained would become their
strength in the next fight. If both sides were equal in strength, the one with
the best intelligence of the opponent would gain the upper hand.

But in the situation with no intelligence, Krusty's army was without doubt
the strongest sword in Akiba.
(I will leave the heart of the goblin army to Krusty-san.)
Shiroe placed a black pebble in the center of the map representing
Krusty's position, then a white pebble at Midoraunto Equestrian Garden
and a green one at Choshi.
Now he needed to focus on Choshi.
He felt great pain when he received the reports of the Sahuagin attacks,
but the important thing was if that cape of land fell, the Sahuagin might
even make their way to Maihama.
The common thing about all the towns was that they were not built with an
attack from the sea route in mind.
Why did the Sahuagin attack?
The reason was unclear, but Shiroe deduced that it had something to do
with the goblin invasion, the two of them were probably in cahoots. Maybe
the Sahuagin were trying to take advantage of the goblin attack and reap
something for themselves. No matter which was the case, the fact they had
to fight on both fronts remained unchanged.
(For this portion... We can consider it roughly complete.)
Shiroe toyed with a bigger pebble and put it on the map, its shape looked
like a cute seagull with its wings closed, it was placed in the sea.
The prototype paddle steamer Ocypete.
This ship had been utilized to the limit in this war.
After Krusty made landfall, Ocypete waited at the abandoned pier
Narashino for another group. They should have linked up by now and was
ferrying the 4 'Full Raid' groups detailed by Shiroe towards Choshi.
Ocypete was a cargo ship and was not armed, so it was a leisure ship.
But it was a prototype so the hulls had been reinforced and it went through
many strength tests so it had high defense. The Adventurers it was ferrying
were the ship's weapon.

The group detailed by Shiroe had a high percentage of summoners and
bards. The direct attacks of summoners were not as strong as sorcerers',
but they had the ability to conjure elementals to conduct ranged attacks, so
they had twice the range of sorcerers. The bards would be able to reinforce
the attack spells and reduce MP usage.
What was left was a race against time.
Shiroe held discussions with the various telepathy communication
operators that entered the tent, tying down the details of the formation of
parties and where to send them.
It was easy to win in this war. But if they destroyed the core of the goblins'
battle group causing the remaining goblins to go rogue and pillage the
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' towns and cities, it would become a
mess.
Shiroe remembered the People of the Land's village he visited on his
journey back from Susukino, including the elder and the villagers toiling the
land and herding sheep. In this dangerous world, they must have some
defense ability, but if something happened to them, it could be argued that
it couldn't be helped. But if there was a chance to save them of course they
should do that, that was the right thing to do. Fortunately Shiroe was in a
position where he could do something about it.
The duty of destroying the heart of the goblin army could be safely
entrusted to Krusty, the crucial thing was how to handle the nearly 20,000
goblins after the invasion army dissolved.
Unlike the 'Legion Raid' blitz group Krusty was leading, they needed to
organize smaller and more agile groups to surround the enemy, doing what
they could to seal the damage within the hill regions. Shiroe was now
working on turning this concept into a practical war plan in order to achieve
this goal.
The main point of the strategy was to herd the goblins into the central
mountainous region of Sand Leaf.
To do this, Krusty was starting from the west and going clockwise, 'peeling'
the outer edge of the goblin main force. The goblins were forced to head in
the direction of Sand Leaf, if they maintained this guiding tactic, they
should be able to herd them to the most optimal position.

Sending out teams to support Krusty's advance and seal the goblins in
Sand Leaf, or the sharp end of Chiba prefecture known as Boso peninsula
in the real world, the surrounding regions should be relatively safe. This
war plan hinged lastly on the defense of Choshi and whether the
reinforcements on Ocypete could get there in time.
"My lord is not going to the battlefield?"
Akatsuki who claimed to be his bodyguard followed him here to ask while
seated on a cushion in the tent.
"I want to, but I can't leave my work alone, I still need to finish forming the
parties... We should see the ending in a day or 2, I will go then."
"I see."
Akatsuki nodded.
Shiroe was one of the griffon riders that numbered less than 200 in the
Japanese server, its speed could only be rivaled by a red wyvern.
Leading the march through the hills would take a lot of time, but if Shiroe
needed to move by himself, he could get to Krusty or Choshi in 30 minutes.
There were 2 reasons Shiroe set his base here.
First, he could relay his orders to the whole army speedily with so many
communication operators around.
Second, the situation of the war changed rapidly, Shiroe wanted to stay
between Krusty and Choshi so he could rush to either side if there was a
need.
Shiroe was still setting up the communication networks for the whole
expedition army.
Once he finished it, this expedition force would be gathering veteran
Adventurers, and they could proceed with half-autonomous battles. A
leader would command each party to keep communication with
headquarters on a vertical level, as well as other parties on the horizontal
level. A communication operator would be assigned to maintain
horizontal-level communication between parties. By writing the details of
the report received by communication operators on the map, they could
convert the situation into a visual format.

The level of strategy and tactics Shiroe was thinking about was nothing
impressive.
It was similar to how he planned his schemes.
Sorting the intelligence and visualizing it, looking for abnormalities and
analyzing it, if there was any point of interest, utilize it by sending out
orders. The strategy Shiroe was thinking about was just the combination of
investigating and commanding.
And similar to now, most of the work was dull and boring, Shiroe ranted
that he was totally a bureaucrat now.
The shout of a communication operator filled the tent and broke Shiroe's
train of thought.
"Shiroe-san! Choshi's summer camp group is under attack by Sahuagins,
there are only 60 Adventurers, but there are over a thousand Sahuagin,
they are critically outnumbered!"
"Request the Ocypete to move at full speed! Ask Charasin-san to come
here, the formation of parties needs to be completed, we need to complete
the communication network in one day... no, half a day!"
Shiroe opened the documents full of scribbles and annotations, and
explained briefly what he expected would happen in the future to the dozen
or so communication operators, his voice unwavering.
He needed to complete the communication network as soon as possible.
Shiroe bit his lips and thought hard.

Part 5
"Huff... Huff..."
Regulating his breath while taking water from his backpack to drink.
Shouryuu lay on the ground exhausted as Naotsugu covered him and
looked out for enemies, smiling bitterly as he thought about how critical the
situation had become.

Naotsugu, Nyanta, Shouryuu and Rezarick were catching a breather under
a pine tree a short distance away from the coastline, but you could not say
they were really resting.
The battle had gone on for 4 hours since the morning, the bright summer
sun shone at the beach where grueling consecutive battles were taking
place.
This was the 3rd time Naotsugu's group was resting, but they took a
10-minute break the other 2 times. The Sahuagin had many landing points
but the Adventurers were few in number, so they needed to run up and
down the entire beach and river bank to fight. To build an effective defense
net with so few people, the teamwork between the parties was important. If
the Adventurers concentrated on one area, the Sahuagin would slip past
them from the gaps.
If that happened, Choshi behind them would be attacked.
They had already asked the mayor to hide the People of the Land in the
most sturdy building in the town, the men should be armed and ready to
fight.
But the town had no walls, so the resistance of the townsfolk against the
Sahuagin would only delay the inevitable of them being overrun.
Three beginner parties were fighting continuously at the edge of the water.
In the eyes of the level 90 Naotsugu, they had many things to improve on
but they were still putting up a good fight.
But there were many breaches in their defensive formation which was in
danger of dissolving, which was common for most mid-level players.
This could not be helped, their skills and range were much inferior to
Naotsugu's group. Another thing they lacked was the high-quality items
Naotsugu's group possessed.
Elder Tales had a item lock system, most high level magic items needed to
be locked before it could be equipped, and only the Adventurers that they
had been locked to could use them.
The concept was the same as customizing the item for personal use, the
locked item could not be equipped by others, so it wouldn't be stolen or

sold. It would not be lost when you died, and it could sometimes unleash
hidden powers.
Level 90 Adventurers from normal guilds would have several high-level
magic items. For veteran players like Shiroe who engaged in high difficulty
raids, they would have dozens of high-level items or even legendary items.
These magic items were not only superior in attack or defense, they may
have unique abilities as well, there were some that could change the
performance of the player's skill.
For instance, Naotsugu's sword 'Chaos Shrieker' could increase the range
of his taunting skill 'Taunting Shout' from 10 to 15 meters. The
convenience of 'Taunting Shout' would also change.
Mid-level Adventurers did not have the support of such powerful high-level
weapons, so they could not match the high-level players. Since the items
were locked, they were unable to loan it to them.
The worried Naotsugu wanted to stand up but Nyanta stopped him from his
back.
"Our job now is to rest nya."
Nyanta warned sternly which was rare for him.
Naotsugu, Nyanta, Shouryuu and Rezarick had depleted their MP. Unless
they were supported by some special effects, their MP recovery rate during
battles would be insignificant. If they returned to the front-line now, their
formation would be broken instantly because of the lack of MP.
When they were fighting the goblins on the hills, they could hide in the
shadows and rest periodically. But this battle could not be done at their
pace, they needed to take turns with limited time to rest in order to stop the
attacks of the Sahuagin.
Naotsugu's group could last longer than the beginners, but they still had a
limit. This level 90 group only had the MP to last for an hour.
The group was 2 members short of a full party, so they needed to give
50% more effort to work as a team.
"Please take this Naotsugu-san."

"Sorry for the trouble."
Naotsugu drank the potion Rezarick gave him, this blue potion could
recover MP but the effect was poor. There were many ways to recover HP
in Elder Tales, but there were relatively few ways to restore MP, and the
recovery amount was limited. These potions might be expensive but the
effects were limited.
Naotsugu watched Tohya's battle anxiously.
The young boy ran on the beach waving his blade to attract the aggression
of the Sahuagin and attack them repeatedly.
Tohya had grown strong.
His skills and execution were still rough, so his technique did not become
better. But he was stronger, and he didn't need to rely on techniques for
now.
One of the necessary elements for a warrior was spirit. It was the spirit of
determination and fighting spirit, a positive attitude and mettle you bore in
order to reach your goals.
Tohya had spirit when he fought, an irreplaceable quality for tanks.
Naotsugu thought that to protect your comrades, you must have the will to
break a glass door with your bare hands and possess the brave soul that
was not afraid to bleed.
(Tohya has so much potential...)
Shifting his gaze, his comrades were a girl named Isuzu and a sorcerer
called Rundelhous, he remembered that Isuzu was a bard.
She had technique unlike Tohya. Her positioning and attacks reflected her
exquisite sense of rhythm and gauge of distance. The untrained eye
wouldn't be able to tell her dexterous technique, so even relatively
experienced players might think of her as an inconspicuous Adventurer.
But she used her support skills to bring the party's attack, defense,
mobility, and recovery to another level.
Her teamwork with the young sorcerer was worth mentioning. Her position
and timing of support seemed to meet all the expectations of the young

man. She used all sorts of actions to protect the sorcerer with low defense
from harm while ensuring he had a clear view to attack the Sahuagins.
The young sorcerer who was being supported was full of spunk. Sorcerers
had naturally high attack, for Adventurers of the same level, they ranked
along with assassins as the class with the most attack power.
But the attacking young man seemed to rely more on his emotion than the
natural performance of his class, giving a sense of desperation. The lava
balls danced and smashed the enemies, the ice spears skewered the
Sahuagins as he was channeling his obsession into his magic.
And the young girl Serara who had a thing for Nyanta.
She was starting to evolve too. When he met her for the first time in
Susukino, he could see her speed and decisiveness in casting spells, now
her movements were even smoother. She did not only think about healing
now, she would also summon the spirits of nature to fight or use support
magic to help the party.
She would become an excellent healer
Lastly was Minori.
Minori was probably the only one who was fighting the Sahuagins from a
different viewpoint. Naotsugu got goosebumps from the feeling she gave
him.
The party changed formation on her command and reestablished their
duties.
"Rudy-san, suppression attack!"
"Alright Miss Minori!"
"Serara-san, I will take over healing, please concentrate on attack!"
"Casting 'Icicle Ripper' to the left!"
Naotsugu knew what she was doing.
He had been partners with Shiroe for many years, so he knew.
She should be trying to grasp the MP consumption of all her allies, she
needed to be familiar with all the skills she and her allies had in order to do

this. Not only how much MP it consumed, but also its effect and the
condition for it to be effective.
Furthermore, she needed to manage her comrades' teamwork and the
relative position of the enemy, even the order of battle and the priority of
each enemy.
Put simply, she was turning the sentence 'destroy enemy' into an essay
called 'battle', and reconstructed this essay into a story known as 'tactics',
and was in the process of 'reading'.
The battle was in real time and there would be all kinds of things
happening at the same time. The 'reading' here was changing the battle
into immobile words, but to confirm all possible futures, 'reading' it while
improvising the 'story' on the fly.
It was still very crude, but Minori was imitating Shiroe's 'Full Control
Encounter'. This petite young girl was chasing Shiroe's back.
Using 1% as a unit, forecast 30 seconds ahead.
That was how Shiroe described it.
This sentence meant that he could envision the battle 30 seconds into the
future and grasp his allies' remaining MP with an error of 1%.
In high-level battles, understanding the environment was a basic principle
and Naotsugu could understand this point. When he was fighting on the
front-lines, he could gauge about how much MP his teammates had left,
but only to the extent of full, enough, half, waning, danger, empty, these 6
levels. Mid-level player probably could gauge 2 levels of enough and not
enough, if it was just your own MP it should be easy, but to know the MP of
your allies of different classes was difficult.
When Elder Tales was a game, the events that could happen were more or
less scripted, you could anticipate the monster's action after you got used
to it.
Shiroe's 'Full Control Encounter' was not only grasping the remaining MP
of your allies. He would also know all the remaining resources of the party
and the enemies, looking at the battlefield from a bird's eye view and
controlling everything by his will.

When Elder Tales became an alternate world, the unpredictable elements
in battles were more significant. It should be impossible for Shiroe to
maintain his 30-second forecast, but Naotsugu hoped he could still do it.
Because Shiroe was not joking or boasting when he said 'Using 1% as a
unit, forecast 30 seconds ahead', it was something he said after
researching and mastering it.
Naotsugu only heard about the details because of his long-standing
friendship with Shiroe. For Naotsugu who was focusing on the enemy at
the front-lines, he knew this ability took a lot of effort for Shiroe to master,
but he also felt that this 'sense' was akin to superpowers. Naotsugu could
only understand the sentence 'destroy enemy', but he could not compose it
into an 'essay'.
But the Minori in front of him was chasing Shiroe's back.
(How many seconds into the future can Minori see... What % is she using
as a unit to gauge her allies? 20%? Or with her low level, is she already
proficient enough to do 10%...?)
Just as Naotsugu thought it was time to take over for the beginners, there
was a sharp shriek in the distance from the direction north of Choshi. This
was a unique attack skill of a druid... 'Shrieker Echo' being activated.
Naotsugu's reaction was slow by half a beat.
He didn't know why the shriek came from the direction of a farm far from
the Sand Leaf River.
Minori's group at the front line returned to Naotsugu's side like a gust of
wind.
"Teacher, we will go!"
"Please take care this place!"
"Ha ha ha! We will handle things over there! Move out!"
"Eh... Nyanta-san! Good luck!"
The 5 of them retreated from the coastline and headed north leaving the
battlefield to Naotsugu's group. The figure of them running under the
summer sun looked like swallows flying straight into the sky.

Shouryuu and Rezarick knew that they had to fill the gap left behind by
Minori's group and rushed over. Naotsugu looked at Minori with a
perplexed face, the young girl was drenched in sweat but her eyes shone
with determination.
"The spirit alarm Serara set in the hills went off, the goblins are probably
attacking again. Since they are goblins, we should be able to handle
them... My party has a bard, so we can fight for a long time, so we are
more suitable for this battle... So Naotsugu-san, please take care of things
at the beach!"
"Minori!"
Minori waved her hand to acknowledge Naotsugu.
They ran into Choshi and Naotsugu lost sight of them.

Part 6
The one leading the way was Rundelhous.
He had been focused since the morning, his magic attacks seemed to be
stronger.
The loot they found in the depths of Ragranda Forest was appraised by the
high-level players to be a magic item named 'Magician Gauntlet'. It could
be equipped at level 25, a common equipment that could be found
anywhere in the server, but it was a magic item that Isuzu's group obtained
through their own strength.
Isuzu's group looked at this slightly scratched deep-silver gauntlet with
magical sigils carved on it as if it were a rare treasure back then. There
was only 1 item so they could not share it, but they would feel sad and
lonely if they sold it and split the money.
After Isuzu's group talked it over, they decided for Rundelhous to use it. It
was an item made for magical attacks, and Rundelhous was the only mage
in the party.
Rundelhous was a little hesitant to accept it at first, but he equipped it
happily after the group talked him into it.
Rundelhous who was running in front of Isuzu was wearing this pair of
gauntlets.

This was a magic item that increased maximum MP by about 5 percent, so
it was enough to cast just one more spell. But Isuzu's group understood
that the percentage when accumulated would have a big effect in fights.
The shimmering red crystal embedded in the center of the gauntlet
seemed to reflect Rundelhous' fire spells and his fighting spirit.
Isuzu changed her permanent buff support song from 'Meditation Nocturne'
which recovered MP faster to 'Fawn March' which increased movement
speed and support skills.
"Thank you Miss Isuzu."
"Slow down Rudy!"
Isuzu pointed out as Rundelhous thanked her. It was a good thing to be
energetic, but it was unwise for the mage with armor as thin as paper to be
at the front.
"Woo, sorry."
Rundelhous slowed his pace after saying this, Isuzu gave him a bottle from
her bag which was filled by the daughter of the innkeeper this morning.
There was orange juice mixed in, so it tasted refreshing even though it was
warm.
"... Are you okay?"
"Do you even need to ask? The great Rundelhous Code is in top condition
as usual, I feel I can take on the whole world, hahahaha!"
Rundelhous responded after taking a big gulp, even though drinking and
walking was bad manners (as well as laughing out loud), he did not give off
an uncouth feeling.
His big eyes with the corners slightly drooping, his silky smooth blonde
hair, his appearance gave an impression similar to a golden retriever,
Isuzu smiled.
"You two are such good friends."
Serara giggled, Isuzu shrugged and replied: "I guess so." In Isuzu's mind,
Rundelhous was a friendly puppy.

A handsome dog owned by a rich family in the neighborhood with a
certificate of pedigree. Because their gardens were next to each other so
he also came to visit the Isuzu family, a furry and bushy golden retriever.
Because of its pedigree it was handsome with elegant features, its
movements polite and graceful with no signs of crudeness. But you would
notice he was an idiot after growing accustomed to him, he would run until
he was exhausted playing catch and shake his tail until it hurt, that kind of
stupidity.
He would sometimes give overly self-conscious and arrogant speeches as
if he had a screw loose or was just ranting off-topic. But he was just
displaying his dumb nature so it didn't make her angry.
This dumb puppy was already friends with Isuzu, they were comrades the
moment her hands were licked, that's why she could be direct in replying to
Serara's teasing words.
"Had enough? Okay."
Her movement of collecting the bottle from Rundelhous, casually wiping it
before keeping in her bag was done very naturally.
"Sorry."
"Ku ku ku, Rudy-nii is always apologizing."
"No such thing, right Miss Isuzu?"
Rundelhous retorted Tohya's teasing words, but Isuzu paid them no heed.
"Rundelhous is a mage, so being a bit bossy and looking stupid suits you
better."
Rundelhous moved toward Isuzu and rebutted after hearing Isuzu: "What
are you saying! What do you mean by stupid! You keep using that word!"
Strange.
This high-school girl from the country with freckles, skinny body, and
lacking feminine charms, was treating the prince-like Rundelhous who
seemed to have come out of a picture book like a puppy... That sounded
too mean, it should be she was treating him like a spoiled middle-schooler
with a screw loose.

Objectively speaking, this was a mean thing to do, but Isuzu did not think
this way, her teasing interaction with Rundelhous was a relaxing and fun
way to spend time together.
Just as Isuzu wanted to bully him again, a 2nd 'Shrieker Echo' went off
nearby.
Isuzu's group looked at each other and increased their pace after the turn.
Choshi had an unique shape, the town was built on a narrow strip of land
along the Sand Leaf river, the midpoint of that strip was intercepted by a
major road leading perpendicularly out. There were other smaller roads
branching out from this major road, but they were all short distance
bridging roads.
So if they followed the road and turned north, it would be farmland as far
as the eye could see. The tomatoes and eggplants swayed with the wind in
this season, the maize planted in the spring was a sea of lush greenery.
3-4 shadows were running in the field.
Isuzu immediately cast 'Ballard of the Lazy Znail' and the goblins slowed
as if they lost strength in their feet. Just this tiny glimpse of chance allowed
Isuzu's reliable companions to attack preemptively.
"Sorry Rudy-nii!"
Tohya shouted as he lowered his center of gravity and bent backwards.
This was not the stance to provoke the enemy, but something more
aggressive.
With the targets spread so far out, the efficiency of taunts was low, it would
take a lot of effort to run around and draw the enemies together.
"Leave it to me Tohya! Let them taste my elegant magic! 'Serpent Bolt'!"
The blue and purple lightning Rundelhous shot out split into several
snake-like electric entities and surged through the fields, a preemptive
strike by a mage was usually a bad tactic.
There were 8 goblins that emerged from the field, more than expected.
Minori at the rear of the formation cast damage intercept magic on
Rundelhous instead of Tohya.

The light blue mirror like barrier wrapped around Rundelhous who was
holding his staff up anticipating an attack. The first goblin struck followed
closely by another enemy with his axe raised high, but their attacks were
blocked by Minori's barrier.
Damage intercept spells were the unique magic of a Kannagi, it could be
cast on players before battles to offset a fixed amount of damage.
The most well-known spell was 'Purification Barrier', but there were other
types as well. The spell she cast this time was 'Protective Barrier', which
was 4 times as strong as 'Purification barrier' but it had a very long
cool-down, not a skill she could use at will.
(But...)
Isuzu played her note rapidly and thought.
Minori's judgement was correct, Rundelhous had higher defense than
Tohya at this moment because of the spell. Rundelhous provoked the
goblin with his attack and lured them into the front of the party.
The moment the goblins gathered, Tohya's 'Whirlwind Vacuum Slash'
activated and paralyzed the goblins. Rundelhous, Tohya, and Isuzu started
to take down the monsters one by one.
Isuzu's party knew the basic tactics after experiencing many battles, and
had learned some unconventional tactics.
These tactics were limited by various conditions and were not effective in
most situations, but it was very powerful when used under the right
conditions, giving them more ways to solve the problems.
This was because...
"How was that Miss Isuzu! Did you see my beautiful magic?"
This dumb young man dragged them all over the place.
Isuzu patted Rundelhous' head with a smile.
The spell was good, hitting the targets from such range accurately. This
was not only due to the performance of the spell, but also the long hours of
practice by Rundelhous.

Everyone was becoming stronger, so Isuzu didn't want to be left behind.

Part 7
The chaotic battle continued.
The sun was already setting in the west.
In the whole battlefield, only the 5 Adventurers were fighting with their back
to Choshi, a solitary defense party. The goblins probably suffered heavy
losses the previous night, the parties attacking were uncoordinated and
undermanned, the command structure must be in pieces.
This resulted in the attacks being sporadic.
The goblins were not taking any organized actions, they probably wanted
to sneak into Choshi under the chaos of the Sahuagin attacks to raid the
town.
The short goblins howled nastily as they appeared out of nowhere to attack
the town. Minori's group used the farm near the road to the hill to ambush
and destroy the attackers repeatedly.
Serara used the druid spell to set many 'Shrieker Echos' all over the place
as an early warning system, helping Minori's group to overcome their
problem of manpower shortage.
"Sorry Minori, you got anything to drink?"
Minori handed the 3rd bottle over to the moaning Tohya, she already
prepared for this situation. When Tohya sat down under the tree by the
road, Minori cast 'Instant Heal' on him.
The recovery abilities were activated after the battle. The damages on the
armor that were not too serious would gradually fade, Tohya's wound was
also starting to heal. But like the sweat drenching his body, the long
grueling fights raised his body temperature and he was unable to regulate
his breathing for a long time.
Minori was worried, but did not say anything.
She was unable to prepare a few days of vacation for Tohya to rest
leisurely. Tohya wouldn't want that too, this was not only Minori's fight, this
was Tohya's fight too.

Minori could only give him a handkerchief she squeezed dry.
"Thanks."
Minori nodded to acknowledge Tohya and noticed that her body was
heating up too. She looked at her companions, they were all trying to catch
their breath and recover their mental strength.
Minori's duty was the Field Monitor, and she was also supervising all the
information for this battle. Monitoring all party's MP was Serara's job, but
after Minori took over this task, Serara's support, healing, and reaction
speed increased significantly.
Minori had to take note of her allies, the environment as well as the
enemies information, monitoring the whole battle was a heavier
responsibility than it seemed.
(It is still very crude...)
Minori even memorized the MP recovery speed of everyone as she
checked their status. During battles, Minori used 5% as a unit to gauge the
changes in MP of her allies. She was able to forecast 5-10 seconds into
the future based on the rate of MP and HP consumption as she 'read' the
battles. Although the accuracy needed to be improved, this forecast had
been useful in preventing MP wastage.
Unlike fighting in the dungeons, this was a consecutive battle where you
could rest at will, allowing Minori to practice her battle managing skills.
Minori thought this was child's play compared to Shiroe, but Naotsugu
would be stumped if he heard these words.
Using 5% as a unit meant she knew the number of times a spell could be
cast by her allies, such as enough to cast a mid-level healing spell twice
more. This level of observation was far beyond that of a normal level 30
Adventurer. The party, including her, did not realize the hidden talent she
was nurturing.
"Everyone, Maryele-san contacted me during the previous battle."
Minori propped herself up and reported.

When Minori was concentrating on battle management, she was on
standby mode and treated herself as the reserve unit. She resisted the
urge to cast spells repeatedly and focused on observing the surroundings.
Hence, Minori noticed the telepathy call and took it.
"Maryele-san informed me that a special unit from Akiba is on their way
here by ship and would arrive in the evening."
"Speaking of evening, the sun is setting soon..."
"You are right."
"Eh, slight delay?"
Minori tilted her head. The summer sky was still bright but the day was
coming to an end, it was not a far stretch to say it was evening now.
"Maryele says the reinforcements will be coming by sea and relieve the
coastline forces first. They will send help this way right after, so we just
need to hang on another 3 hours at most."
Serara and Isuzu's faces became cheerful, Tohya and Rundelhous
remained alert and tense, but they gave off the feeling of a heavy burden
off their shoulders.
They had defeated 30 goblins in this half day of fights.
It was not a big number, but the cumulative effects were a heavy burden.
They didn't know where in this wide space the goblins would strike and
could only rely on the alarm from 'Shrieker Echo' as their clue, playing a
game of whack-a-mole in this wide field giving them no time to rest.
'Shrieker Echo' was a convenient alert too but it was not perfect. They
worried about the goblins that managed to sneak through the defense net
to attack the town. There were a few that made it through, forcing Minori's
group to double back and hunt them down.
The party patrolling the borders needed to be close enough to rush back if
the enemy broke through, so they could not push their defensive out
further.
The good thing was the goblins lost their chain of command. If they had a
good commander, they should be able to disrupt their defenses with tactics

such as setting fire to the farm, Minori's group was afraid this might happen
but so far they were doing fine.
"Right, when the ship arrives, there will be people here to support as well."
Serara nodded in agreement.
They were suffering right now because they had to fight on two fronts, if
the goblins and Sahuagin didn't send big and powerful beasts, they were
not formidable opponents.
"Just a bit more, let's give it our all!"
They stood up at Tohya's words.
The afternoon breeze was as hot as a frying pan, but reinforcements would
come if they hung on for a little longer. This news was enough to
rejuvenate the faces of the party.
After another 15 minutes of patrol, something serious happened.
Minori's party was hoping that they could pass the time peacefully, but you
couldn't always get what you wanted.
A sound of a loud smash could be heard on the major road behind them.
They rushed back thinking the enemy had penetrated so deep and met
with a goblin party with 2 ferocious dire wolves.

Part 8
The battle was progressing badly.
"Don't even think about it!"
Tohya struck again, keeping the wolf attacking Isuzu in check. But this
strike allowed the hobgoblin he was suppressing to break free.
After consecutive battles, the party's skills with long cool downs had been
exhausted. They still had plenty of MP because of Isuzu the bard, but that
was not enough for them to gain the upper hand.
The hobgoblin swung his two-handed hammer like a baseball bat, hitting
Tohya in his unprotected flank.

"Tch! Not enough!"
This strike did not produce any cracking sound as it landed on the
'Purification Barrier', it only produced a sound as if it hit thick glass and
damaged the light blue barrier around Tohya.
Damage intercept magic coudl be cast before battles to negate a set
amount of damage. If the attack did not break through that set amount,
they could prevent any damage to the subject. But if the damage went
above its limit, it would break before the effect wore off.
Minori looked at the barrier shattering like glass and instinctively judged it
did not offset all the damage.
"Four Side Prayers!"
Minori cast her emergency damage intercept skill in a hurry. This spell was
for emergency use, didn't cost much MP and had a short cast time. It cast
a barrier on all allies equivalent to 'Purification Barrier'.
But it had a disadvantage.
(... I won't be able to use this again.)
Minori turned pale and bit her lips.
Emergency spells were used in times of great danger and had very long
cool down times of 24 hours.
"Stop! Stop!"
Serara cast 'Willow Spirit', the vines on the warehouse wall were guided by
the magic and entangled the wolf. The wolf howled in anger and clawed
the ground as it struggled to break free.
This was the 3rd time Serara used this spell, The wolves could use their
burly bodies to rip the binding vines apart, but her efforts were not in vain.
Serara was able to stop one wolf for a period of time for Tohya and the
others to focus on the other enemies.
But since Serara was dealing with the wolf, Minori needed to take over the
healing duties.
"Didn't you hear me! Don't even think about it!"

Tohya swung his blade with all his might.
This attack using brute force without any technique knocked a goblin into
the hobgoblin behind.
The hobgoblin pushed the goblin aside with its massive body and struck at
Tohya again.
The hobgoblin was a subspecies of the goblins and was stronger than
normal goblins. Goblins were a tribal group, but they were not governed by
any laws. They formed an invasion army because the goblin king survived
his coronation, but they remained a tribal community, a demihuman group
that pillaged and raided others violently.
Another demihuman group based in the south, the evil orcs liked to form
armies and nations. In comparison, the goblins were more chaotic.
The hobgoblin inherited the nature of the goblin and was a fiercely loyal
subspecies. They were usually more intelligent than goblins and were
proficient in using equipment robbed from the humans.
This hobgoblin was the same, wearing pieces of armor and wielding a
giant hammer he got from somewhere. A formidable opponent, maybe
around level 30? To be honest, Minori's group would have trouble with this
hobgoblin alone.
And the hobgoblin had the support of 2 dire wolves and 4 goblins. The
reason Minori's group was still holding on was because they were familiar
with the streets of the town, keeping a retreat route open so they wouldn't
get surrounded. With their high-level of teamwork through countless
practices, they were fighting above their battle limits.
"Switch Tohya! Suppress the wolf and the boss!"
But they couldn't fight above their limit for long, and they were getting
shaky and on the verge of defeat. If that was the case they should give it
all they had and unleash their emergency skills.
Minori charged to the front line with determination.
'Four Side Prayers' cast a barrier the level of 'Purification Barrier' on all
allies and the effect would last for another 32 seconds. Minori as a healer
would be able to endure the attacks of the goblins within the time frame as
well.

Minori made up her mind and rushed forth, she almost lost her footing from
her shivering legs. The dusty street under the summer sky seems so fluffy
like it was made of cushions. But Minori shook off this illusion and kicked at
the goblin in a un-ladylike manner.
"I understand! Miss Isuzu, let's go!"
"Roger Rudy!"
Supportive voices came from her back. When Minori heard the first part of
Rundelhous' chants, she knew her intention had been communicated to
her comrades correctly.
The goblins laughed maniacally as they attacked and Minori defended with
her stance, relying on her barrier to protect her. She only avoided the
attacks that came at her vital points, leaving the rest to the durability of her
leather armor. She did not dodge the attacks, but threw herself at the
goblins before their weapons landed.
(Terrifying, terrifying, terrifying... but!)
Tohya looked at the crazy actions of his sister and began to emulate her to
fend off the hobgoblin and wolves.
Even if they managed to intercept most of the damage with the barriers,
the battle had gone on for a while now. The twins with dirt and blood all
over were enduring the knives of the goblins while the others were
exposed to the fangs of the wolves, building up their front-lines.
They used the time earned by the twins to chant.
This was the strongest area attack spell Rundelhous had, it had a long
cast time, a freezing spell that would hit for major damage. This was
supported by Isuzu's singing.
Rundelhous finished chanting 'Freezing Wind' with Isuzu singing in
harmony with him at a higher octave, freezing all the goblins in ice.
Minori retreated from the chilly front-line and checked her allies' statuses.
She was unaware of the situation and cast another magic intercept spell in
an absentminded manner, she did not look good.
Rundelhous took care of all the goblins, but Tohya had been under attack
all this while without support from his sister.

Minori recast 'Purification Barrier' on Tohya, but damage intercept spells
didn't recover HP. This was the weakness of Kannagi with the unique
damage intercept skills. The Kannagi that focused on preventing damage
to her allies was not proficient in using normal healing magic.
Minori had also lost half her MP from her emergency use of spells.
The situation was bad.
The good news was the goblins were gone, their advantage in numbers
had been eliminated, bringing the battle to a higher level of balance. Minori
cast damage intercept spells and inferior healing magic and instructed
Rundelhous and Isuzu to concentrate on attacking the wolf.
... When facing multiple enemies, there were all kinds of tactics to employ.
If you wanted to take them by surprise, taking down the strongest enemy
would be most effective in sapping their morale. If it went well, the minions
would scatter off. If the situation was a fight to the death, the key to victory
was to take out the weaker foes to diminish their numbers and manage the
damage you took on.
Shiroe's teaching came to her mind.
Minori's brother she was so proud of was bleeding and his face was
contorted in pain. But that was the reason for them to focus on diminishing
the enemies' numbers.
While Tohya used his blood to solidify the front, Rundelhous and the
others needed to defeat the wolf to repay Tohya's efforts.
Minori who followed Shiroe's teaching to the letter began to 'read' the
battle.
Knowing the HP and MP of your allies, giving instructions, supporting her
friends and creating synergy... Minori was studying the flow of the battle,
becoming the wind on the battlefield, giving her all and living in the
moment.
But Minori could not predict everything.
Her talent could not compensate for her lack of experience.
Any unexpected event could upset the balance.

The 2nd wolf broke free from Serara's binding spell and charged at Tohya.
The two wolves and the powerful hobgoblin broke through Minori's barrier
in an instant.
Minori digested the new information and calculated, part of it done
subconsciously.
9 seconds... Tohya would die in 9 seconds.
Minori looked at her spell status with crazed eyes, 'Purification Barrier' still
had 8 seconds of cool down. But as she had just seen, this level of
damage intercept magic could not stop the attack of the 3 foes.
"Don't give up!"
Serara shouted and cast 'Heartbeat Healing', the unique spell exclusive to
druids. The healing over time magic should be regenerating Tohya's health
over time, but that did not seem to happen.
The rate of damage was higher than the rate of healing, Serara's
regenerative spell was only delaying his death.
Re-calibrate.
Re-calibrate.
Re-calibrate.
Minori cast her weak recovery spell and thought furiously. Even if Minori
and Serara used all their recovery magic, they could only delay Tohya's
death by 35 seconds.
Emergency healing magic and high-level healing spells had been
exhausted, the cool down prevented Minori and Serara from using half of
their healing spells in their arsenal.
(If this is it...)
A disgusting taste spread in her mouth, an irritating chill went down her
spine.
Tohya was a crucial tank, if he fell, the chance of them being wiped out
increased exponentially.

Not only that.
Minori felt through instinct the smell of death.
Unable to breath smoothly.
The air seemed to become fluid and could not enter her lungs. Time
became rubbery and heavy, frustration and helplessness filled Minori's
body.
Too late.
Too late.
She could hear her blood pumping loudly, Minori who was imprisoned by
the cold could only watch Tohya's HP drop gradually towards 0.
Time seemed to accelerate to normal speed.
Rundelhous rushed past Minori and slammed into the wolf, forcing both his
hands down its mouth.
"Rudy?!"
"Miss Isuzu, leave this to me! I... I am an Adventurer! I won't lose to this
filthy dog ahhhh!"
The dire wolf was as big as an ox, its mouth was full of sharp fangs. It
could bite off Rundelhous' upper body in one move, but Rundelhous
jammed both his hands and shoulder into its throat. The dire wolf stomped
its steely limbs and shook Rundelhous around, destroying the walls with
his swing.
"Rudy!"
Isuzu screamed as she stabbed her spear into the wolf, but did little
damage to its body covered with bristles.
"Calm down Miss Isuzu, as a gentleman... I need to maintain the image of
a nobleman..."
Rundelhous was dragged along the road, the dire wolf with its eyes like
hellfire blew out its pungent breath in an attempt to force Rundelhous out.
But Rundelhous grabbed onto the fangs and refused to let go as he was
covered in sweat and mud.

The wolf continued to cough and hack loudly, spewing the smell of the
stinging taste of blood into its surroundings. Isuzu attacked with her spear
relentlessly as Rundelhous continued to suppress the dire wolf.
"If I let go, this beast... will attack Tohya, even Tohya... cannot handle... all
three of them..."
Absolutely right.
Tohya escaped his fate of death because Rundelhous threw himself into
the fray. The damage he was taking lowered, the situation was changing
for the better.
"But Rudy!"
"Isuzu! We are damage dealers!"
Rundelhaus looked like he was offering his hands as he dug deeper into
the wolf's mouth. Wolves were canine, because of their body structure, it
couldn't attack others if they didn't spit out the thing in its mouth.
"But..."
"Attack them!"
Rundelhous shouted and started chanting as if he didn't want to waste his
breath. His arms were hurt badly, just two pieces of meat connected to his
shoulders. But he forcefully willed his hands to gather magical flames as
Rundelhous chanted his magma ball magic. He was burning the wolf from
the inside without shooting it out.
There was no need to shoot it out.
Rundelhous' magic was directly affecting the wolf from its mouth.
The dire wolf could not withstand the pain and struggled to break away
from Rundelhous, but he grabbed on as if he was possessed, refusing to
let go of the dire wolf no matter what.
No, the saw-like teeth on either side of its mouth dug into the fabric of
Rundelhous' clothes and the gauntlets on his hands, it would be hard for
him to withdraw his hands even if he wanted to.
"Don't underestimate me, I am..."

The road in the evening sky was filled with the sound of Rundelhous'
hoarse scream.
"I am Rundelhous Code! I am an Adventurer!"

Part 9
The air was filled with a charred burning smell.
As Rundelhous had planned, 'Magician Gauntlets' went out of control and
burned the dire wolf from the inside and the right half of the hobgoblin
along with it.
Isuzu's party gained the victory in this battle.
And the most valuable player of this victory, Rundelhous who should be
laughing arrogantly, was lying in the mud in front of Isuzu.
"Nature Revive!"
Serara's resurrection spell did not have any effect.
This was as expected. The one lying on the ground with his pale face full
of mud, his prince-like face looking smooth despite being dirty, just like a
nobleman in his dreams...
He was a Person of the Land.
"...I am sorry."
Warm water dripped on Isuzu's palm.
"Why didn't he revive? Hey Minori, one more time!"
The confused Tohya shouted, Minori nodded and cast 'Prayer for the Soul',
but Rundelhous did not wake up.
This was as expected.
"I am sorry... Tohya, Rudy is...a People... of the Land..."
Isuzu said slowly.
The words were stuck in his throat and wouldn't come out, and he relaxed
his fist as if he accepted this. Minori in the corner of her eyes clenched her

fists, Serara saying softly "How could it be...". But Isuzu thought all this
didn't matter.
"...Rudy is a People of the Land... He partied with us, adventured with us,
ate with us... But Rudy is a People of the Land... So... If he dies..."
...He wouldn't revive.
Isuzu's heart hurt so much it almost shattered.
She already thought about this.
That's why Isuzu objected to battles, but since she couldn't win against the
majority, she decided to support Rundelhous, and stop him from
overexerting himself.
But she couldn't stop him.
(If only I had stopped him at the very beginning.)
When she noticed this during their time in Ragranda forest, she should
have turned him down. No, she just needed to expose him to everyone, it
wouldn't have ended like this.
To fulfill Rundelhous' dream, Isuzu lied along with him.
Because Rundelhous said he wanted to be an Adventurer with such a pure
and sincere expression.
But they were fundamentally different.
It was impossible for him to become an Adventurer.
That's right, Rundelhous was sad and troubled before, complaining why he
couldn't accumulate EXP no matter how much he fought. His growth speed
was less than a quarter of Isuzu and the others'. He was troubled by his
slow leveling speed, that's why he was so anxious about training.
Isuzu had never seen Rundelhous relax casually in the tent, he would
meditate strictly whenever he had time. He claimed this was expected of a
nobleman and was a measure of a true man's worth, but he must be filled
with worries and frustrations.
Isuzu knew about this, but she still let him go on.

"Rudy...I am sorry, I am sorry..."
Rundelhous' wish was too naive, too pure, so Isuzu dreamed together with
him, hoping a People of the Land could become an Adventurer.
"Rudy-nii is... a People of the Land...?"
Isuzu nodded, the tears flowing down her cheeks dripped as she nodded.
But this didn't matter, this was Isuzu's punishment.
Rundelhous was so gentle.
She was just a skinny brat from the country side, but Rundelhous treated
her like a lady.
She was very conscious of her freckles and didn't look pretty at all, but
Rundelhous kept addressing her as 'Miss'.
She was always dragging the group behind, she did not stop him properly
in the end, and she treated him willfully like an idiot or a puppy.
(I am so happy he talked to me.)
(I am so happy he complimented me.)
(I am so happy he treated me like a lady.)
The words surged out like crazy, but they were stuck in her throat and
couldn't come out, she could only moan and push her tears out of her
eyes.
Gentle, kind, and heart-warming memories, it was all her fault she
pressured Rundelhous to his death.
"Ah..."
Serara made a small sound, cast 'Instant Heal' and put her ears on
Rundelhous' chest. She cast it again with a grim expression.
"Hmm, could it be..."
Isuzu searched for this impossible hope and came to Serara's side.

"I don't know why, his pulse is almost stopping, but when I cast healing
spells, there seems to be some sort of effect... but I am sorry, resurrection
spell is still ineffective."
Isuzu felt the hope she picked up shatter again, but the young girl
continued staunchly.
"We can't give up yet."
"Ah?"
"...Please help us, we need your strength Shiroe-san!"

<table width=60%><tr><td width=25%; valign="top">Name: Takayama
Misa
Level: 90
Race: Wolf Fang Tribe
Class: Bard
HP: 8040
MP: 12237<td>Equipment
Calamity Hearts<br\> God of Death's scythe, which was said to cause
calamities with a single swing. A cruel weapon which grants high critical
rate with multiple hits. A rare item with high popularity due to not only its
performance, but also due to its ill-omened, divine design.
Red Dragon Horn Baton<br\> Baton made of a Red Dragon's horn. A
high-grade Production-class item for Bards. Increases the effect of support
songs used by raid members. It is difficult to use in standard parties, but it
shines in large-scale combat.
Knitted Silver Thread Gambeson<br\> Production-class armor requiring an
Artisan to create "Silk Thread of Cocoon Butterflies", a Blacksmith to
create "Fine Silver Thread" and a Tailor to put it together. Although it is an
item requiring a complicating crafting process and rare materials, because
of that it is light and durable, and is an article of rare beauty with high
magic resist.

Chapter 5 Contract
Part 1
"...Please help us, we need your strength Shiroe-san!"
Suppressing the pain in her heart, the clear sorrow in her voice told Shiroe
something was amiss.
Minori was not a girl who would joke in this kind of voice.
She was a serious, gentle, and strong girl.
Shiroe noticed that Minori saw him as her role model.
Minori tried to learn everything he did on the battlefield and unconsciously
remembered everything even mimicking the way he walked. Because she
was such a girl, Shiroe wanted to teach her all that he knew.
Minori always responded to his lessons with more than 100% effort.
Shiroe didn't know what sort of life she lived in the old world and he never
asked. Shiroe could not hope to understand the feelings of a pair of
middle-school siblings who were trapped away from home and could only
hang on to each other.
But her willingness to take up responsibility did not diminish in this
alternate world.
This was a virtue Shiroe didn't have, he knew he had been running away,
refusing to build his own abode.
A girl who was not afraid of socializing with others and committed
wholeheartedly.
Minori seemed to admire Shiroe, but Shiroe thought that he had been
saved by her practical character.
Minori had never asked so desperately for help before. She trusted him,
she was on intimate terms with him, she asked him for tutelage, but she
had never asked for his help so defenselessly before.
It should be the pride in her heart holding her back. Shiroe liked this part of
her as well and held her in high regards.

But Minori who was like this was fighting back tears as she talked. She
was not asking just anyone, but Shiroe himself, which surprised him.
From the entrance of the tent he could see the sky was turning purple in
the evening.
"Someone fell, Rundelhous-san, he..."
From the background of Minori he could hear shouts and sounds of
gasping breaths.
Telepathy seemed to work like low-performance cell phones.
The sound emitted near the ear drum, so others would not overhear your
message, but you needed to talk out loud to relay your message and the
background noise would be picked up too.
Minori should be still near the battlefield, he could hear the sounds of other
girls and the noisy background.
"He is..."
"Rudy is... a People of the Land."
Another voice interrupted.
Shiroe deduced the voice belonged to the bard Isuzu that Minori
mentioned. To be able to hear the words so clearly meant she was almost
touching Minori's lips.
Shiroe understood everything from this.
He stood up almost knocking the table away, grabbed his backpack, and
rushed out of the tent. After blowing his whistle twice, he didn't waste time
for the griffon to come and ran to the central plaza of the equestrian
garden.
"Minori, status report."
After taking 3 steps into the plaza, he found a communication operator
nearby and told him to get Charasin over now.
"A fierce battle broke out while defending Choshi, we won but
Rundelhous-san was mortally wounded in the process. Resurrection magic

failed, but he still has a pulse and body warmth... But remains
unconscious."
...Resurrection magic failed.
The giant wings that spread across the skies landed, Shiroe jumped on
subconsciously and almost didn't notice Akatsuki following behind and
squeezing into his arms. He then gave a signal to the magical beast.
The well-trained flying mount flew off on cue into the sky that was turning
dark.
"The pulse... should be gradually weakening."
"Use a resurrection spell again."
"We've already cast it twice, but he didn't regain consciousness..."
Resurrection magic could revive companions who died.
The magic seemed miraculous in nature, but was not difficult. Healer
classes could learn it by level 20. Resurrection spells also had levels,
low-level spells could revive players but at the expense of the target losing
some EXP.
This was the reason why Minori contacted Shiroe after trying it twice.
(No, there should be a more important reason...)
The People of the Land were not Adventurers, they could not revive once
they die, and they would not respawn at the cathedral. The background at
the other end of the telepathy line was the sound of sobbing with
suppressed emotion and mourning.
"Your whereabouts and party members."
"Me, Tohya, Isuzu-san, Serara-san and Rundelhous-san who has not been
revived, location is the main junction in the central district of Choshi."
"Is it safe?"
"No enemies around, but they are probably still fighting at the coastal area,
I don't know when the goblins will strike again."
...It was ending.

When the People of the Land took too much damage in battle and were
losing their lives, the term for this was ending. According to Ri Gan's spirit
theory, resurrection spells might work in the short moment before the soul
separated from the body. Since the resurrection failed, it meant he had
moved into the stage of 'Failing Essence'.
"Shiroe-nii, please save Rudy!"
He could hear a strong voice in his ears.
"Rudy-nii is stupid and a fool, but he is also strong and cool, he sacrificed
himself to save me!"
"I am the one who brought him to the battlefield, no, I did not do that
directly but I didn't stop Rudy from coming, Shiroe-san... I am willing to do
anything!"
This sobbing voice came from the other end of the telepathy.
'...I need.'
He heard Minori's words.
These words made Shiroe cool down.
He visualized an asphalt road that was going to be covered by snow in the
winter night, and he was lying on this road and losing his temperature. It
was foreboding but clear, a way for Shiroe to release his imagination.
His unrestricted thoughts went out of control, searching for a route through
the matrix of possibilities he could imagine, going through the feasibility of
all possible combinations.
(Since this is Minori's request, I have to help her.)
This was not his will, but his prerequisite.
To fulfill the prerequisite, Shiroe increased his speed of thinking.
"Instruct Serara to use resurrection magic."
"Yes."
Minori replied immediately.

She didn't question why and didn't object that it would not work. Minori
trusted Shiroe totally, she believed that Shiroe must have a way, that's why
she contacted him.
But that was just her one-sided wishful thinking.
There were things Shiroe could not do. Wrong, Shiroe could not do most
things, in this strange and unreasonable alternate world, he could even say
that he couldn't do anything at all.
But this was just a small issue, could not be done meant could not be
done, he would think about it when he needed to tackle it. The important
thing was that Minori believed Shiroe could do it, so there was only one
answer for Shiroe.
He believed he could do it.
The heart that believed reconstructed all kinds of combinations in his mind,
seeing things from other angles and reviewing the concepts that were
thought to be impossible.
"The pulse seems to be strengthened... But he is still unconscious."
"Wait 150 seconds, Tohya guard the area, Isuzu-san use MP recovery
songs, 150 seconds later Minori use resurrection magic."
"Yes."
Shiroe recollected Ri Gan's words.
Rundelhous was dead.
For People of the Land or Adventurers, dead meant dead.
Death started when the body stopped moving in this alternate world. The
body would not be able to move, the consciousness was disconnected
from the body and trapped in darkness.
This was a sign the communication between the 'Soul' and 'Essence' had
ceased.
The 'Essence' would then start to dissipate.

'Essence' was the source of energy for the 'Ki' in the body, the diffusion
process was known as 'Failing Essence'. For powerful or high-level bodies,
they had stronger 'Ki' and the 'Failing Essence' process lasted longer.
Rundelhous was a physically weak mage class, and he was at the
beginner-level, the speed of his 'Failing Essence' should be very fast.
Probably... the resurrection magic probably came too late.
A resurrection spell cast by the healer would inject 'Essence' into the body
in the state of 'Failing Essence' in order to magically repair the connection
between the 'Soul' and the 'Essence'.
It gathered the dissipated 'Essence' and used the healer's 'Ki' to replenish
any lost 'Ki' of the target, stimulating the body to recover.
Since there was still body warmth and pulse, it could be deduced that the
spell had stimulated recovery, but the connection between 'Soul' and
'Essence' was not repaired, so he did not regain consciousness.
If that was the situation, it made sense.
The 'Soul' was starting to diffuse... reaching a state of 'Losing Soul'. 'Soul'
was the energy that drived the psyche, the human psyche was based on
'Soul', as its connection to the body was severed, it would become a lost
'Soul' and lose its identity.
The low-level Rundelhous must have gone into the state of 'Losing Soul'
right after he reached the stage of 'Failing Essence'.
Adventurers could be sent to the cathedral to respawn where a new body
was made, the 'Soul' was then linked to this new body. As their body could
respawn, they would not go through the state of 'Losing Soul', so even if
their body died, their 'Soul' would respawn in a new body... They would not
die for real.
"It has been 150 seconds, casting resurrection now."
"After another 150 seconds, Serara will cast resurrection again, I am on my
way there so take turns casting magic for 8 minutes."
He heard Minori's acknowledgement. The resurrection spells around level
20 were still primitive, it had a long casting time and they would be
defenseless, not practical for use on the battlefield and had a cool down of
300 seconds.

But Rundelhous had both Serara and Minori by his side, they might be new
but they were still healers.
By taking turns to cast resurrection spell, they could halve the 300 seconds
cool down to 150 seconds. Resurrection magic needed a lot of MP, Shiroe
didn't know how long they could last, but he could only leave it to them.
'Losing Soul' was triggered by 'Failing Essence', when the host body
disappeared, the 'Soul' would also be lost. How much they could stop the
'Losing Soul' process was dependent on their resurrection spells.
The next would be...
"Akatsuki, hold me."
This made the silent Akatsuki turn around slowly despite the terrifying
conditions on the back of the flying griffon. In the strong wind that
threatened to tear through her skin, she hugged Shiroe tightly.
Shiroe closed his eyes and thought of what items he had in his Bag and
reached in. He didn't know what items he needed to use, or even if it would
work.
But to prepare for the 'spell' he would be casting, he searched for the
suitable items.
The bottle of ink Shiroe took a long time to formulate. The only bottle of
soul fragments in the whole world.

Part 2
Raynesia arrived on the battlefield accompanied by the female knight in
the evening.
According to reports, the vicinity of the valley had been secured by Krusty's
forces.
"Woo..."
"Are you okay?"

The female knight did not show much concern in her expressions, but she
still asked kindly.
There were very few people who experienced the air of the battlefield in
this world. Because the People of the Land and demihumans died very
fast, their bodies would disappear within half a day. No matter what kind of
battle it was, the place would just be a deserted land when the bodies were
gone.
But this battlefield was formed very recently.
The stench of blood was too stimulating for Raynesia, fortunately the
summer breeze could be felt through the greenery making the smell more
bearable, but she was unable to look down around her feet.
The female knight took a step forward to confirm the details of the battle.
The female knight who introduced herself as Takayama Misa belongs to
the 'Field Monitor' group.
In the heat of battle, especially on a large-scale like this, your field of vision
would be obscured and limited, it would be hard to grasp the whole
situation from the front-lines.
So D.D.D would detail a group with the size between a party and a 'Full
Raid' to survey the battlefield and support the 'Legion Raid' group fighting
on the ground. Their main duty was to use optical items and
reconnaissance spells to gather intelligence and report to the front-line
commander.
Raynesia thought Takayama Misa was a high ranking officer within D.D.D
because of the attitudes of the people around her.
Because they scouted a trail without the need to bash through the
vegetation, they reached the bottom of the valley earlier than expected.
Raynesia along with her escorts came to the wide rocky river bank near
the stream.
This was upstream of the battlefield they could see from the platform
above, there were no signs of any goblin corpses, only the cool flow of the
stream warding off the summer heat.

The Adventurers around were resting in their preferred way, some of them
were showering topless, others were doing weapon maintenance.
This was the center of the battlefield, but with no enemy formation around,
so everyone was resting except the sentries working on shift.
Raynesia had reviewed the parade procession of knights as a princess
before.
But she did so from a balcony and gave a prepared speech. She would
occasionally head into the parade square and greet the knights as she
walked past their formation, but the knights of Maihama would always be in
perfect alignment and holding their spears at the perfect angle for her
review.
So she had never been up close and personal, walking among knights who
were considered rowdy by nobles' standards.
Raynesia was a People of the Land, the daughter of the family ruling
Maihama. Even if Akiba joined the 'League of Freedom Towns', as long as
they didn't have a direct lord-subordinate relationship, the knights had no
obligation to respect Raynesia. Raynesia didn't wish to upset them too
much since she was gradually accepting the Adventurers had a different
culture from her.
Raynesia already knew they did not like to stand on ceremony, so she was
not offended although she was a bit surprised.
What astonished her more was that the group did not ignore her.
Whenever Raynesia passed by them, the Adventurers would greet her with
a loud voice.
"Don't worry princess, we will settle this war in no time."
"Heavens, Caucasian-types look like angels."
"The blitz group will be enough to take out all the goblins."
"A real princess is here, where is the camera!"
"Is it okay to wander here princess? Ah, so Miss Takayama is here, god
bless."
"Ha ha ha! Our commander is just ahead princess."

"Wah, wah!"
"Be careful of stray arrows!"
They were crude in their words, giving Raynesia the impression of the
rumored mercenaries, but she did not feel any distaste about them. Maybe
she knew the Adventurers were not being rude and looking down on her
when they said these words, that was the usual way they acted, and they
were friendly enough to joke with her.
Raynesia was a shut-in.
She did not converse well with others.
She had been relying on her perfect lady education to handle all the
situations she faced, but she realized this was not effective on the
Adventurers.
The Adventurers were not familiar with the culture of the nobles, they
wouldn't misinterpret her slight change in expression and overreact.
After Raynesia's rare session of thinking, she invented an original method
to interact with the Adventurers with simple etiquette to avoid shaming her
Corwen heritage.
The method was to smile and wave her hand at chest level.
If someone gave her advice or spoke with her, she would think about the
meaning for a while and reply "Thank you". Adventurers were the same
breed as the mind-reading monster, she would be seen through if she only
worked on her appearance. Even if she showed her side unbecoming of a
lady, they were not nobles and wouldn't mind... This was the conclusion
made by Raynesia.
According to the strict standards of the social world, Raynesia's attitude
was on the borderline of being rude. But they were Adventurers and this
was the battlefield, Raynesia explained to her grandfather in her heart.
But Raynesia did not realize her sincere smile and cute actions after
gingerly crossing the line of etiquette in her heart had made a good
impression on the Adventurers in the blitz group who welcomed her
readily.

The hybrid task force was led by Krusty, he based the structure of the
group around D.D.D members to ensure the integrity of the command
structure. But if he only used D.D.D members, Krusty would be showing
too much strength in the Round Table Council, so he had to show the unity
of the Round Table Council when he arranged the raid group. So half of
this hybrid army was formed by veteran players not affiliated with D.D.D.
They included guild members from Black Sword Knights and Honesty,
there was a variety in cape colors and coat of arms, which Raynesia
interpreted as aristocratic clans, so this band of knights looked strange to
her.
The relationships among the nobles' clans were complicated, with blood
relationship and alliances making it more sophisticated. It may not be the
same for all the nobles, but there were generally some hostilities between
the clans. This was the reason why the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'
was not united.
But such conflicts were not apparent in this battlefield.
From the colors of their capes and their coat of arms, they seemed to have
divided themselves into smaller parties. But some of them were eating,
some were helping with weapon inspections, others were running around
distributing resupplies.
Raynesia noticed the source of her discomfort.
With so many knights around, there were no squires or attendants around.
Takayama Misa explained that they were a select group of elite forces so
weaklings would only get in the way, but how could there be so many
knights without any squires?
(The Adventurers seem to be free from class systems...)
Even though she knew they were very free, but to see it in action with her
eyes, every little detail surprised her.
"Yes, I can hear you, please continue."
Krusty was at the front edge of the bank where the stream bent and formed
a pool, wiping his sweat off his topless body.

He was communicating with long range magic even when he was wiping
his sweat, but he turned to face them when he saw Takayama Misa and
Raynesia's group.
Krusty calmly wiped his body with a cloth he wrung dry. Takayama Misa
seemed used to his bold and calm actions, as she approached him to
report with documents in hand.
Krusty listened attentively with his back to her.
(What an amazing body...)
Krusty with his elegant clothes in the courts didn't give such a feeling of
impact. She could feel his overwhelming strength just looking at his bare
back. His muscular back had the beauty of a wild beast as Raynesia lost
herself looking at it.
(...Eh! What am I looking at!)
Raynesia shook her head and sulked.
She always lost her pace when Krusty was around.
She missed the peaceful bedroom in Maihama. She really liked living as a
shut-in, she just wanted to sleep after eating and live lazily like plants. Her
biggest hobby was sun-bathing, she was looking forward to becoming an
old lady and enjoying her life like a hermit.
According to Raynesia's ideals, it was not wrong to say she had changed
or become depraved.
"Understood, I will increase the amount of survey groups at the next
location."
When Takayama Misa finished her report, Krusty had already dressed
himself. He was wearing the same armor but he seemed to have changed
his shirt. His calm expression was the same as his time in the 'Ancient
Palace of Eternal Ice', he was so calm that it made Raynesia mad.
"How was the battlefield?"
Krusty asked as he walked towards her.

Because of their height difference, Raynesia had to tilt her head up, which
made her feel unpleasant. She could neither feel the joy Krusty had when
he fought nor the feeling that he might disappear like a flimsy illusion.
The mind-reading monster was standing prim and proper in front of her,
that feeling she had seemed to be like a dream.
"Did you feel scared?"
Raynesia was trapped in her own thoughts and slow in responding, so
Krusty asked her again teasingly.
"No such thing, I believe Krusty-sama will protect me."
Since Krusty put on his mask of courtly manners, she had to reply in kind.
She wanted to show him she had much more experience in the rhetoric
and culture of the aristocrats.
"... The princess sure is popular."
Raynesia turned around and saw a group of Adventurers observing Krusty
and Raynesia from afar without moving. This made Raynesia feel uneasy,
so she waved her hands gently and smiled, and the Adventurers went
about their business with smiles on their faces.
"Such a thing does not matter Krusty-sama."
Raynesia faced Krusty again bearing the frustration of going off-topic.
Krusty was always showing this type of attitude, making Raynesia unsure
of whether to put on her courtly manners or to adjust to the Adventurer's
way.
"Also..."
Just as Raynesia stepped forward to speak, the howl of wolves echoed
through the entire valley. It came from the eastern ridge, it was obviously
from a distance away, but it still drove a chill into Raynesia's heart.
"That was..."
"Dire wolves, should be large in size judging by the sound."
"From the goblin king's escort?"

"The goblin king is not here, he will not leave 'Seven Falls', this is the
goblin general's royal guards."
"Royal guards..."
Raynesia clasped her hands in front of her chest, she saw the rampage of
Krusty's army and believed in their strength. But Raynesia did not know
anything about battles so she was afraid, and Krusty seemed so
dangerous when he threw himself into battle.
She was not sure if she should ask him to take care of himself or motivate
him for the upcoming fight.
As Raynesia hesitated, the wolves howled again. Krusty grinned at the
sound and did not notice how Raynesia felt and he said with a cruel smile:
"We will wipe out their nest later, let's take out the trash in Sand Leaf for
now."

Part 3
The long central road in Choshi was an excellent landing runway for the
griffon. The magic beast did not flap its wings as it glided down. Shiroe
patted Akatsuki's head, looked down and whispered: "Please clear the
area, don't let any players or monsters come near."
Akatsuki nodded without saying anything.
Even though the speed was faster than a horse, the 2 of them jumped off
the griffon without any concern and moved off separately. Akatsuki moved
weightlessly forward, her light body disappeared behind the roof of the
stone building.
After seeing her off, Shiroe rushed towards Tohya who was waving his
hand.
There were 5 people in Minori's group, all of them had anxious faces. From
the reports he received through telepathy, the Ocypete had arrived but was
unable to dock because of the Sahuagin's resistance. Naotsugu's party
was dealing with the goblins in place of Minori's group.
(That will be more convenient.)

Shiroe did not know if the spell would work. Even though the theory was
sound and Shiroe had experimented repeatedly, it was still a gamble.
Considering the impact on the future, it would be better to have fewer
witnesses even if it succeeded.
Was that a tavern or hotel in front?
A young man lay motionless under the roof of an open concept building,
the crying girl beside him should be Isuzu, a charming young girl with
freckles.
Familiar faces surrounded Shiroe, Tohya with his painful expression,
Serara with her look of worry, and Minori with her sense of purpose.
Shiroe calmed his heart.
It was hot out here, but his mind was like the winter night sky.
"Minori, add me to your party."
"Yes."
Minori nodded without further questions. Shiroe was thankful that she was
not talking in this situation. He observed Rundelhous' face, he looked like
an elegant nobleman. He still had body warmth and a pulse, but he was
still unconscious. The party status screen was flashing the word 'death'.
"I recall you are Isuzu-san? Continue 'Mediation Nocturne', I am going to
cast a new spell, please keep this an absolute secret."
Shiroe told the beginners with a strict tone.
"If you cannot agree then give up or leave."
The group shook their heads in response, no one flinched away at his
words.
"Alright, let's begin."
Shiroe chose the spell from the menu and cast 'Mana Channeling', a
unique spell of enchanters which had unknown functions.
The effect was to drain all the MP of his allies and distribute it equally.

(Correct... The psyche lies in the 'Soul', and MP is the manifestation of the
'Soul', if that is the case...)
As he chanted the spell incantation, the MP of the whole party gathered
inside Shiroe.
Shiroe out-leveled all of them, the draining part of his 'Mana Channeling'
was a heavy burden on Minori's party who were less than level 30.
Minori, Tohya, and Serara looked pale. Their MP was gradually drained
away, making them feel dizzy and lost. Isuzu continued to hold
Rundelhous' hand and sing her sad ancient ballad despite her face turning
white.
Shiroe felt the effect of the magic with his eyes half-closed.
The MP he gathered from his allies was all under Shiroe's control. He
could feel the lingering scent of their 'Soul' although it was only a faint hint.
Tohya's one-track mind, Minori's seriousness, all of these expanded out
under Shiroe's control.
It also included Serara's, Isuzu's, Rundelhous', and his own MP.
The MP with different subtle tastes mixed into primitive spiritual energy and
was guided along the magical circuit connected to his allies.
Shiroe divided the MP evenly and distributed it.
(Hnng!)
The rapid loss of MP gave Shiroe a feeling of anemia.
His MP was more than the other members', enchanters belonged to the
mage class and their maximum MP was among the highest among the
classes. And Shiroe was level 90, re-allocating the MP evenly with level 30
adventurers was the same as refilling all their MP in one shot.
"Minori cast Resurrection, Serara continue to heal."
This was all preparation work, Shiroe continued to give instructions, but the
time was short, there might only be one chance and one sentence.
Rundelhous was a People of the Land.

He was not an Adventurer, so he would not revive after dying.
And Rundelhous was now dead.
That's why Rundelhous would not revive.
This was an iron-clad rule that could not be overturned.
The mana-channeling spell of the enchanter restored the MP of the
group... in other words, revitalized their psyche and soul.
He did not regain consciousness because his 'Soul' and 'Essence' were
not connected. This was the same as being comatose, so they needed to
find a way to force it to connect.
For the next phase, Shiroe took something out from his backpack.
"It will be a race against time."
Shiroe used 'Hades Incense of Soul Recovery' as he finished his sentence.
This was used to wake your allies or creatures for a short time, a medicine
mainly used for special monsters. The effect was not resurrection, just
regaining of consciousness for 3 minutes before you died again, and the
Adventurer would be forcibly sent back to the cathedral.
But for Rundelhous whose 'Essence' was dissipating continuously, this
item held a certain possibility.
No matter what happened, his body would be destroyed, the psyche and
soul residing in the host body would also perish.
'Hades Incense of Soul Recovery' would re-energize his 'Soul' and forcibly
connect it to his body, but at the expense of death after 3 minutes. He
could only pull Rundelhous back to this world for 3 minutes.
A fake resurrection with a time limit.
The group seemed to understand this as Isuzu tightened her grip on
Rundelhous' hand with tears flowing down her cheeks.
"Ah..."
Rundelhous opened his eyes slowly as if he just woke up from a dream.

Isuzu couldn't stop crying as she held his hands. It was unclear if he had
regained consciousness, even his eyes opening might be just the reflex of
his body.
"Rudy...?"
"Miss Isuzu...ah, everyone, that's right... seems like... I died."
He had some awareness after death, just that the connection between his
'Soul' and 'Essence' had been severed. For Adventurers, this meant the
monitor lost its color, you could only watch your comrades fighting in black
and white. It was not clear how it was for the People of the Land, but
Rundelhous seemed able to grasp the situation.
Rundelhous smiled and spoke with a tired voice to the others.
"Don't be like this everybody... don't make such a face. If you fight you will
risk death, isn't that natural?"
"Only... natural..."
Tohya's voice made Shiroe's heart ache.
It was something they didn't joke about in the game, the heavy topic of
death... was only natural for the People of the Land.
"I wanted to be an Adventurer despite that, please don't blame Miss Isuzu
okay? I wanted her to help me keep this a secret."
"No, I already noticed, but I chose to ignore it!"
Minori cried out loud, telling everyone the impact this had on the Minori
who always acted calmly.
"Ha ha ha, yeah, thank you Miss Minori... there is no need to feel bothered
about this."
"No, there is a need."
Shiroe interrupted.
There was no time.

Shiroe let his mind run free as he thought about the horrifying thing he was
about to do. It might be a big mistake, it might even threaten the laws of
the world.
He didn't know how this would affect the world if he was successful, or how
the world would receive this 'proposal'.
But the young man who had accepted his fate and was bidding farewell to
the rest called himself an Adventurer.
This was not the term to describe players, but the term for traveling the
world and seeing a sunrise that no one had seen before, the name of
Shiroe's companions.
Since he called himself that, he was also a scion of 'hers'.
"No, you need to feel bothered. Rundelhous Code, a fellow who gives up
so easily calling himself an Adventurer will only trouble others. This is not
enough... Did you spend your whole life training and learning in order to
die in an alley like this? What you have found in the dungeons are not
tactics or strategy, but the will to survive, the grit to do anything to keep
living on no matter how hard you have to work, the spirit to never give up
right?"
"Shiroe-nii..."
"Rundelhous, your resolve is not strong enough!"
"Then what do you expect me to do?"
Rundelhous' eyes were full of regret and dismay, even if he said this was
only natural, his heart refused to accept it as his tears started to flow.
Because of this, Shiroe decided to use that 'magic'.
"Pay attention and listen up!"

Shiroe took out the document he scribbled while he was on the griffon's
back and put it in front of Rundelhous' face.
"This is..."
"A contract?"

The document Shiroe took from his backpack was indeed a contract, it was
written in 'Carved Dragon Eye Ink' on the 'Fairy King Paper' made from
top-class ingredients, the only one in the world.
"Contract... Log Horizon representative Shiroe, and Rundelhous Code
agree to the following terms:
1. Effective immediately, Shiroe invites Rundelhous to join the guild Log
Horizon.
2. Rundelhous will act appropriately and carry out tasks assigned seriously
befitting his position as a member of Log Horizon.
3. Log Horizon will provide Rundelhous with necessary support to aid him
in carrying out his tasks... including the identity of an Adventurer.
4. This contract is based on mutual agreement of both parties, whatever
things either party gain will remain in effect even if the contract lapses.
As above, there are 2 copies of the contract, both parties will keep one
copy after signing the agreement as proof."
Sounds of gasping could be heard.
"Adventurer...?"
"This is... Shiroe-san, this is...!"
This was developing a spell that was not in the game.
Shiroe noticed this possibility a long time ago.
Chefs could cook food manually without using the game menu, making
dishes with normal taste.
Nyanta explained to Shiroe on their way back to Susukino.
And this had proven to be correct.
And Shiroe convinced the Round Table Council that this was not limited to
chefs.
People with the corresponding skills could use them to create items without
using the game menu, making things that did not exist in this alternate
world.
This was the real meaning behind Nyanta's discovery.

2 months after that, Shiroe had been researching things he had visualized
and conducted experiments repeatedly. He kept this as a hidden ace to be
used if the Round Table Council meeting did not go smoothly, but further
research and data kept accumulating and it evolved.
His conversation with Ri Gan about Spirit Theory gave Shiroe an
inspiration and one of his research topics was going to bear fruit here.
Rundelhous was a People of the Land.
And he would die in 3 minutes.
People of the Land could not revive.
Rundelhous would disappear.
If that was the case, the answer was obvious...
He needed to make Rundelhous into an Adventurer in these 3 minutes.
His experiments proved that scribes could make simple contracts and all
sort of documents such as 'Mission Request Forms' or 'IOU' that had
magical binding powers. A scribe with a high enough level could create
these with magical ingredients.
But among these type of contracts, this one was top class.
Allowing a Person of the Land to join a guild and bestowing the identity of
Adventurer on him, this contract looked like a fraud to Shiroe. So Shiroe
used his level 90 Scribe skills and the top-class magical ingredients and
ink he collected during the time when Elder Tales was a game without
regret in order to fulfill this request.
Shiroe moved the contract closer to Rundelhous' face.
"I have already signed this, the rest is up to you."
"...Ven...turer..."
"You can realize your dreams."
The young sorcerer with mud all over him said in a weak voice, as Shiroe
explained to him.

"This contract has a risk, you will be altered in some ways after the
contract takes effect, becoming a different being. Adventurers are still new
to this world, you might get caught in some other events, Adventurers
might not be as glorious as you imagined."
"I want to become..."
The status screen still showed the flashing word 'death', his HP was
reducing gradually, Rundelhous replied without hesitation.
"I want to become an Adventurer, people who help those in need, I won't
mind the small details... I am not after the glory... I just want to be... an
Adventurer."
Rundelhous grabbed the pen with his trembling hand and it fell out of his
hand immediately. 'Hades Incense of Soul Recovery' was losing its effect,
Rundelhous might be unable to keep his 'Soul' and 'Essence' connected.
"Rudy... don't worry."

Isuzu held his hand.
"I will sign this together with Rudy."
Isuzu embraced Rundelhous from behind, Tohya helped from the side,
Minori and Serara cast healing spells repeatedly, the four of them watched
over Rudy as he signed.
His trembling hands gained warmth with his comrades' encouragement,
Rundelhous used the magical ink to write down his name, the signature
burned with a golden light. Shiroe's skills were acknowledged by this
alternate world, becoming a brand new law.
"Rundelhous, you will die... and respawn in the cathedral."
Shiroe said as he felt the cogs turning somewhere by this spell. The
dissipating 'Essence' turned into dancing light particles and flew towards
Akiba, the other players watched this dream-like scene with stunned
expressions.
The act of developing magic was the reason why he earned the nickname
'Chronicler of the East' in the future.

Part 4
The battle continued in the dark.
In the heart of the Sand Leaf central hills.
The venue was a valley like the previous battle, the only difference was the
size of the place and the scale of the battle. When she asked Takayama
Misa why they chose to fight in valleys, the answer was: "A large group
needs a lot of space to gather, we can organize ourselves in the forest or
the hills, but it will be hard to accommodate everyone there."
Raynesia thought about it and agreed.
Goblins might be demihumans, but their intelligence was low. But since
they were moving in an army, they would follow certain rules.
Since they were fighting in the valley, there were several ridges where they
could see the whole valley.

Takayama Misa's observation team was based on one of these ridges but
it was different from last time. They only set up the minimum observation
tables. It may be that they might need to move on short notice, or because
Raynesia declined the chair, but from the looks of relief from Takayama
Misa, Raynesia predicted the previous time was a special arrangement just
for her. [1]
But these were trivial matters.
Raynesia, Takayama Misa, and the others were already concentrating on
the battle in the valley.
Takayama Misa explained that the team leading the dire wolves were
goblin tamers. The barbaric goblins didn't have a complicated society like
humans, but they had primitive division of labor and classes.
Most goblins were lightly armored warriors or spearmen, but some of the
goblins had special classes, the most common one being goblin tamer and
goblin shaman. The goblin tamers bred beasts like Owlbears, Hippogriffs,
and dire wolves.
They could see the enemy formation had hundreds of dire wolves, as if the
dark ground had gained sentience and squirmed, a scene from
nightmares.
"Seems like a mutant breed."
Takayama Misa explained calmly:
"We fought them in a raid before, it is a wolf with poisonous fangs raised in
the miasma of the undead. To have raised so many means the goblin king
has a tribe of goblin tamers... Elder Tales has such an intriguing detailed
secret setting."
"Would... Would they be alright..."
"Worrying is an absurd action."
Takayama Misa maintained her cold attitude and words, but Raynesia was
not so optimistic. There were a few hundred enemies spread out across
the valley, the goblin general must be in the center, probably in the exotic
tent with wheels that was essentially a mobile fortress.

Raynesia was not worried about that monster knight, but his subordinates
were knights as well. Even though they wouldn't die, it would still be painful
if they got hurt, which pained her too.
But the two sides engaged suddenly without regard to Raynesia's worries.
"Square shape... so pretty."
"This is the square formation."
Takayama Misa walked to Raynesia's side probably to chat.
She pointed to Krusty's army that was aligned on 4 sides in the shape of a
square and continued.
"This is a common formation used in raids, the groups are usually formed
in multiples of 4, the same number of sides as the box. So in terms of
command, squares are the easiest formation to adopt. It is basically a
defensive formation, with the tanks and melee fighters in the front
supported by the ranged and magic attacks as the main source of damage
dealers. But since this is a tight-knit formation, it will be bad against
enemies with powerful wide-area attacks. But against groups of wild
beasts, it can be an iron-clad defensive wall."
"So that is how..."
Raynesia guessed right.
The strong vanguards deflected the attacks of the wolves easily, with
arrows and magic flying out from behind them. The balm ensured
Raynesia had a clear vision in the dark, but great columns of fire all over
the valley made it so bright that she could see without any assistance.
"They are moving."
Takayama Misa pointed straight at the battlefield.
The whole formation seemed to move with her finger. It turned into the
shape of a trapezoid and advanced, taking out the enemies in its way.
Takayama Misa said this was a defensive formation, but this seemed to be
an unreliable evaluation.

This was the first time Raynesia viewed a large-scale battle, she had never
seen the defensive battles of the castle knights, so she had nothing to use
as a reference, but what she saw could not be described as defensive.
She saw it as a square hole.
Krusty's army seemed to be digging a dark hole into the goblin army. Both
the goblins and wolves would be dealt with when they touched the hole.
The way the formation handled the enemy was akin to a neat freak, giving
off a sense of madness.
"Look closely."
At this moment, a bonfire seemed to be lit in the center of the formation
and 4 flaming birds flew out from it and spread orange and crimson flames
in all 4 directions, obviously a summoned beast. But Raynesia had never
heard of summoned beings like this. From what she knew, summoned
beings ranged from the size of a fist to that of a puppy, she had never seen
such powerful and dignified creatures.
"That is the Phoenix you can form a contract with at level 86, a high-level
spirit with fire affinity. The summoners need to complete a very difficult
quest before they are qualified to form a contract with such graceful and
holy beast... what is wrong?"
(She asked me what is wrong?)
(That creature has flame on it?)
(Adventurers can... can summon such creatures, there should be a limit to
such foul play correct?)
Raynesia finally understood.
Krusty was not putting on a brave face, this was how he acted naturally.
No wonder Takayama Misa said worrying was absurd.
No one could predict what would happen on the battlefield. But there were
people in this world who were fine in this unpredictable battlefield and used
their extraordinary experience no common man could hope to match to
rule the arena.

The army this man was leading were also Adventurers who had
accumulated overwhelming experience and training. Raynesia recognized
from the bottom of her heart that the common sense of knights could not
be applied on them.
Adventurers were an existence beyond Raynesia's comprehension.
The goblin general's giant mobile fortress exploded with a bang. The
heavily-armored guards and gigantic ferocious goblins flew out from the
shattered fortress. Krusty's forces continued to advance.
Raynesia heard an impossible voice.
... Well then, let's enjoy this sumptuous meal.
The calm words with a hint of joy definitely came from Krusty.
Raynesia did not have telepathic abilities, she couldn't have heard Krusty
from so far away, but she did hear his voice.
Krusty swung his two-handed axe and pointed it at the enemy, his forces
charged forward as if elongated black spears came out of the square
formation. A group of warriors dual-wielding blades shredded through the
goblins like thin clothes.
"We have finished the main course... Let's leave the rest to the nets spread
out by our headquarters' tactician."
Takayama Misa closed her report file with a soft sound, her voice so calm
she seemed to be saying something obvious.

Part 5
In the end they linked up just before dawn.
The resistance of the Sahuagin was stronger than expected, Ocypete took
a lot of time to dock. Ocypete had a lot of functions installed as an
experimental prototype, but it was basically a transport ship.
It was not a military amphibious assault landing craft.

It was hard to suppress enemies that could move freely in the water, so it
was hard to execute bold attack maneuvers.
But at midnight, Naotsugu and Nyanta summoned griffons to ferry several
players by air to reinforce the defenses of Choshi. With summoners on
both sides of the coastline, it was only a matter of time before they repelled
the Sahuagins.
"Wah, I didn't expect you to come Shiro-bou!"
Maryele smiled so happily.
Shiroe who appeared out of nowhere walked out from the town just as the
sun was setting. He reorganized the limited manpower and established
another defensive line at the north side of the farm.
Shiroe was the guild master of Log Horizon.
That meant he was one of the 11 guild masters that formed the Round
Table Council, but he was not well-known.
The background behind the formation of the Round Table Council was no
secret, so well-informed Adventurers all knew about Shiroe. But compared
to Krusty or Issac who were the guild masters of major guilds, or Maryele
with her wide social network, the number of people who knew his face was
much lower.
If you talked to him, you would know that he was a good young man who
valued friendships. But he seemed scary in the beginning... Maryele
thought.
(He is a good kid! But that face! Those eyes! So scary!)
Maryele nodded as she made this conclusion, but Henrietta chided her,
"Most Adventurers are good kids in Maryele's eyes."
Anyway, Shiroe's appearance was not well known, but the impact he
brought to the battlefield was quite significant.
Even if he was not well-known, Shiroe was still the tactician for the
expedition army. The morale would increase when headquarters sent
reinforcements over.

Shiroe appeared in town the moment Ocypete arrived, making the
defensive team think he was the one who led them here.
Maryele used this effect to the limit.
She raised her voice to motivate the defense team.
The team facing the unrelenting waves of Sahuagins recovered their
fighting spirit when they heard news of reinforcements arriving and Maryele
urging them on. With the artillery support by summoners conjuring
creatures to perform super long range attacks, the beginners engaged the
Sahuagin with renewed vigor and passion.
The corpses of the Sahuagin either were washed away by the tide or
disappeared into thin air after some time, the fierce battle continued until
midnight.
The Adventurers won the grueling fight at midnight.
The Adventurers taking part in the summer training camp were exhausted,
relaxing in their own way at the port between Sand Leaf River and the
beach.
The sentry and defensive tasks were handled by the reinforcements who
still had energy to help. All those gathered here were the summer camp
participants who fought the goblins and the Sahuagins.
Maryele was thinking of maintaining a more spirited attitude as a role
model, but she ended up spreading her cape and laying flat on the ground.
(Fu... We somehow made it through...)
Crescent Moon Alliance had no experience with large-scale raids or
defensive battles, Maryele had never commanded such a complicated
battle line before.
She was a total amateur at this, the reason they succeeded was because
of the passion and determination of the beginners, as well as the support
of the veterans led by Naotsugu.
"Are you alright Mary-san?"
This voice was closer than she expected.

And just when she was thinking about him.
"Woo wah?"
Naotsugu sat beside Maryele who sprang up in surprise. He had changed
into baggy shorts and summer shirt.
"Why are you making weird sounds Mary-san?"
"Wah, that was sly of you Naotsugu-yan, when did you change?"
"No, it's because... The armor is heavy and someone is taking my shift
tonight so I can relax."
Maryele's relentless questions made Naotsugu gaze wander all over.
She looked around and saw their exhausted comrades moving slowly like
zombies, hoping to change their clothes too.
"I-I-I... I need to change too?"
"Are you okay?"
Maryele pressed her temples. She had been using magic non-stop the
whole day which made the her head heavy and numb.
Clerics were the masters of healing, apart from standard healing spells,
they could also cast all sorts of magic. If you focused only on defense and
healing, the variety of skills of the cleric was the best among the healers.
In this group battle, Maryele did not form a party, running all over the
battlefield by herself casting healing spells on all the parties she saw, a
heal-and-run tactic.
She didn't think that was a wrong tactic to use, but it was more tiring than
she imagined. Maryele experienced the feeling of exhausting all of her MP
10 times in a day, making her head hurt.
"Rest a bit more?"
"Woo hoo hoo..."
To be honest, Maryele didn't want to move at all.
"The bathhouse is still full anyway."

"There is a bathhouse?"
Bathhouses were new facilities in Akiba, Maryele was shocked that Choshi
had such advanced installations.
"Of course there is. The reason why Akiba doesn't have shower rooms is
because the crafting menu for Adventurers does not include shower
facilities. Or rather, we can craft such facilities, but only for decorative
purposes, they do have water storage or heating functions. When Elder
Tales was just a game there was no need for us to bathe, but the People
of the Land had to shower from the very beginning so they have the
appropriate facilities to do so."
"Is...Is that so?"
Maryele held her head with her hands and fell.
So there were shower rooms if they visited one of the few homes of the
People of the Land in Akiba?
Maryele recalled discovering Henrietta pouring hot water from a kettle to a
basin to wipe her body secretly in the middle of the night. It almost ended
in a big commotion. Just remembering Henrietta's scary face during that
incident made her face glum.
"But we all rushed to the showers at the hotel and mayor's place, so it is
full right now. By the way, the hotel is for men, the mayor's house is for
ladies."
"Oh, now I know... I will enjoy the breeze here for a while more."
"Yes yes."
Naotsugu sat with his legs crossed.
Maryele spread her cape on the grass and sat lazily.
The two of them basked in the clear moonlight.
A gentle and soothing breeze made Maryele shift her gaze and look at
Naotsugu.
Naotsugu looked at the bright and clear moon as he fanned Maryele using
a big leaf from a tropical tree.

(Ah...)
Maryele could feel the remnants of the heat in her blood that boiled during
the battle cooling down finally. It was thanks to this interesting man who
accompanied her without a word that her raging emotions were finally
calming down and gaining peace.
"Naotsugu-yan, let me ask you..."
"About what...?"
Naotsugu's leisurely voice gave Maryele the concrete feeling that the battle
was really over, everyone survived and protected this town. Some of the
Adventurers were hurt too badly and went back to the cathedral in Akiba,
but the number was small.
"We did well right?"
"Of course, we protected the town successfully."
Maryele was aware that her smile was more brilliant than normal, it must
be a giddy smile that she could not show in public, but she didn't mind at
all.
Just for this moment, she wanted to immerse in the kind and gentle wind
Naotsugu was giving her under the bright moonlight.

Part 6
There was a sound of a bell coming from the distance.
There was a refreshing fragrance and particles sparkling around him.
Rundelhous sat up on the marble bed with elaborate carvings.
(This is...)
He could see the night sky out the window. It should be nighttime right
now.
In this room made of stone, the plants placed all around were spreading
out shiny pollen that illuminated the room.
(I see, so this is... the cathedral.)

Rundelhous was able to comprehend. He had heard about this place, but
this was his first time here. People of the Land were different from
Adventurers after all, even if they prayed in church, they would not seek
spiritual guidance in the cathedral.
The cathedral was one of the facilities related to the Adventurers, it was
more like a magical architecture than a religious construction. Rundelhous
followed the example of other People of the Land and had never visited it
before.
(Anyway... Good, seems like I can move.)
He sat on the bed and moved his body carefully.
Right hand, left hand, both legs, shoulders... there seemed to be no
problem, but he felt tired to the bones, probably an after-effect of
respawning.
He heard that respawning in the cathedral deducted EXP, Rundelhous
opened his status to check and was stunned.
The status screen of the Adventurers was much more detailed than he
imagined. His stats were adjusted to reflect stats gained from his
equipment, the details of how his equipment affects his stats were also
displayed, his MP and HP were also shown in numerical values with
increments of 0.1%.
He looked at his EXP gauge which had dropped significantly. It couldn't be
helped, he not only respawned here, he had numerous resurrection spells
cast on him as well, this was the price he must pay.
He was alive.
Rundelhous' chest was filled with a slew of emotions.
He was not after the identity or status of the Adventurers, nor was he after
their way of life. Rundelhous was the 3rd son of a corrupted noble family,
the freedom and sense of justice of the Adventurers who fought for the
people were dazzling and stole his heart.
Rundelhous unconsciously followed his gaze and opened another tab on
the status screen. He found the word Adventurer.

Name: Rundelhous Code
Class: Sorcerer
Subclass: Adventurer
Rundelhous stared blankly at these words for a long while.
(That's right, I do not have a subclass, that contract forced me to take on a
new subclass Adventurer...)
Rundelhous checked the abilities of the subclass in a hurry, a list of
unfamiliar abilities he heard about: 'ability to respawn in the cathedral',
'telepathy ability', 'adjustment to EXP gain', 'use of bank and warehouse',
'detailed status screen', there were also many more abilities Rundelhous
didn't understand, and they were all listed together here.
(So many... If I have this power...)
He could not gain back the time he lost or change his past, but he wouldn't
spend his nights feeling frustrated and helpless at his weakness.
More importantly, he could live in Akiba without hiding his identity. He
could live together with the friends he had grown close to during the
training camp. Rundelhous might be able to rebuild his old home, create a
place to live life to the fullest.
Rundelhous tried to recollect.
He remembered an Adventurer that wanted to wipe out all these corrupt
nobles.
That was what he wanted to be, but was cursed to never achieve.
Rundelhous swore that given another chance, he wanted to become an
Adventurer. He then reviewed this miracle he always dreamed of.
This small stony room was his new starting point. The serious young man
with glasses was also an Adventurer that his two friends Minori and Tohya
respected, and was also the guild master of their guild.
(That young man Shiroe should know about places I have never seen
before...)

As Rundelhous immersed in the joy of respawning, he heard approaching
footsteps.
"Rudy!"
Isuzu barged in, banging the stone doors. She looked both angry and
perplexed, staring at Rundelhous from the entrance.
"Hi Miss Isuzu... Is anything wrong?"
"Is... Is anything wrong... You ask..."
She walked towards him in big strides and bent her upper body backwards.
Her head was in a taller position than the sitting Rundelhous, so he could
not see her expression. He could only hear the sound of sniffing, but
Isuzu's voice was definitely angry.
"Overexerting yourself so much, what if you die stupid Rudy!"
"Miss Isuzu, calling me stupid is too much, there are somethings you have
to do even if you have to risk your life. Just like no one can put a collar on
the free spirited Adventurers, no one can stop my battles."
"When I command you to wait, you have to wait properly!"
"You are being unreasonable..."
"You must wait!"
Isuzu's voice sounded aloof and Rundelhous felt anger rising from his
heart.
But he realized something when he wondered why Isuzu was here.
Isuzu was the only companion who knew Rundelhous was a People of the
Land. Actually, Minori noticed too, but the one who pressed Rundelhous
for the truth and assisted him in achieving his dream was only Isuzu.
She being here right now meant she used 'Call of Home' to chase
Rundelhous who respawned in the cathedral in Akiba.
"Sorry... I seem to have worried you."

The moment Rundelhous said these words, a punch so painful that it made
him cry fell on his head.
Rundelhous didn't understand why he was hit, but as a noble who had
lived to this age, he understood that he had to apologize repeatedly in a
soothing voice when a woman was in this type of condition.
"Sorry Miss Isuzu, it's my fault." "I...I apologize, I won't make this mistake
again." "Anyway, can you tell me why?"
He was hit 2-3 times every time he spoke, Rundelhous' head was heating
up from the abuse and his conscious was starting to fade.
"I understand, I will listen to Miss Isuzu's command properly."
"Really?"
"Really, I swear to god."
"You must tell me about your childhood Rudy."
"Why must I...! I...I understand, I will talk."
"If you are so reckless, it won't be enough no matter how many lives you
have."
"I am reflecting on my actions."
"Okay, shake." [2]
(Ah...?)
This word made Rundelhous look blankly at Isuzu.
Isuzu's cute freckled face seemed to be throwing a tantrum and angry at
the same time. Only her eyes had a hint of shyness as she extended her
hand gently.
(If you make such a face, I can only surrender right?)
Rundelhous gently placed his hand on hers in response.
This was a strange action that did not exist in this world. To Rundelhous,
this was the reverse action of a knight guiding a lady, so it was somewhat
embarrassing.

He heard from Isuzu later this was the action of dogs swearing fealty to
their masters, which made him mad. But right now she had him cornered,
he had no way of venting his frustration.
Seemed like Rundelhous was fated to never go against this young girl with
freckles.

Part 7
Akiba's first expedition army returned with victory. This was named the
East Expedition Army in the future as the west also sent out an expedition
army to deal with the 'Suzaku Gate's Ghost Festival' incident at the same
time.
The expedition army did not defeat the goblin king, they only trapped the
invasion army in Sand Leaf peninsula and wiped them out. The whole war
ended one week after Krusty's forces defeated the goblin general.
Shiroe and Krusty were looking out for reinforcements from 'Seven Falls'
all this while, but there were no signs of them until the very end.
The fortress 'Seven Falls' they were watching closely should still have
several thousand monsters inside. This was about a fifth of the whole
goblin invasion army, but the numbers were not a big threat.
To measure military powers by numbers was a concept from the old world.
In this alternate world where the difference in fighting power varied a lot,
they could be as strong as a soldier or as mighty as a tank, so numbers
were not an absolute gauge for military might. The Akiba expedition army's
success proved this point.
The goblin king was still in the 'Seven Falls' along with several beasts of
colossal proportions. The goblin shaman should be waiting inside as well.
It was more important to determine the threat of the remaining forces
rather then their cold hard numbers.
They didn't leave 'Seven Falls' alone because it was hard to tackle. Even if
there were some stubbornly strong monsters, the Round Table Council
judged that with the strength of the Adventurers, it was just a matter of time
before they raided them.

One of the reasons they postponed the raid was because they prioritized
signing a treaty with 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' first.
The Round Table Council also had other considerations.
The Round Table Council set suitable rewards and announced a ton of
quests, the contents of the quests included patrolling the northeast
communities as well as raiding the remnants of the goblins.
Monsters like goblins were easy enemies for party-level groups, so there
was no need to send out large armies to deal with them. Minori's party with
their levels around 30 was able to fight them on equal grounds, which was
the best evidence for this.
So the raiding quest was more suitable for beginner- and mid-level
Adventurers instead of high-level veteran players. They were happy to take
on these missions and many of them set out from Akiba to accomplish
them. They roamed the forests and hills of the northeast region, making
the People of the Land feel the Adventurers were active again.
By reducing the strength of the forces outside the citadel, 'Seven Falls'
would also strengthen their defenses. If you took out the goblin king, the
goblins would go out of control.
The goblins who lost their leader would spread out and raze the land, this
was the main argument of Shiroe's that convinced the Round Table
Council. Put simply, the action of sealing them in was preparation of
raiding 'Seven Falls' in the future.
Shiroe just felt they should make full use of the current situation, but the
people called his tactics villainous which left a bad taste in his mouth.
Shiroe insisted there was no black or white in tactics, but there seemed to
be plenty of holes in this self-assessment.
Shiroe did not know that most of the Adventurers in Akiba thought Shiroe
was the mastermind who forced Princess Raynesia to go to the battlefield.
That meant he conned the naive and beautiful princess and sent her out to
fight with his honeyed words, giving off the impression of a very shrewd
man. With this system, whenever the princess gained sympathy with her
beautiful and kind demeanor, Shiroe's reputation would take a hit.
Shiroe who was unaware of this just had the feeling 'Why are so many
people targeting me'. He was a bit bothered, but Henrietta encouraged him

and said: "Shiroe-sama's villain-level is far above the standard!" This
comment gave him complicated feelings.
In this buffer time they earned, the Round Table Council and the 'League
of Freedom Towns Eastal' signed a basic treaty, a mutual trade agreement
treaty, and a peace treaty.
It had been a month since the Sand Leaf siege battle.
Maihama was holding a festival to celebrate the signing of the treaties.
Many noble families from the northeast of Yamato gathered in the beautiful
streets of Maihama. The nobles' meeting was on hiatus, the lords who had
returned to their territories gathered again in Maihama city. Different from
the nobles' meeting, there were no obligations for these festivities so 2-3 of
the nobles did not attend, but most of the nobles and merchants did.
Akiba was at its peak of economic development.
The big festival celebrating the signing of the treaties was a rare chance for
them to make friends with Adventurers. For the nobles, this was a chance
to tout the specialty products of their territories and secure major contracts.
The nobles maintained their competitive natures, their motive and the heat
of the festival triggered a fierce negotiation war.
But it was the same for all the guilds in Akiba, not only the production and
merchant guilds, the battle guilds were also involved considering the
elements of transport, so they were also here to enjoy this joyous festival.
All type of resources were going out of stock making your eyes dizzy, that
was the state Yamato was in.
The hotels in downtown Maihama were all fully booked, a lot of residences
became temporary hostels. The ones doing business here were mainly
small merchant guilds or small guilds taking on escort missions. The
businessmen of Akiba also wanted to reap a profit using this chance,
bringing everything they could sell from food ingredients to armors and
weapons, more than doubling Maihama's population.
The meeting room and the visitors' rooms in the courts were all open for
the guests, even the knights' rooms were also used. The nobles struggled
with their negotiations here, trying to come to terms with the major guilds.

Most of the players in Elder Tales were young. From the Earth's standard,
their slyness and cunning was far below that of the experienced nobles,
putting them at a disadvantage in the negotiations. But the nobles were
unable to grasp what the Adventurers wanted and their delicate nature,
which would sometimes end in confusion.
Both parties knew they were negotiating with strangers, so they had
already steeled themselves and lowered their expectations, most of the
negotiations ended peacefully.
This was a festival of gigantic proportion that happened only once in a
hundred years.
To handle the increase in population, all the People of the Land working in
the restaurants, shops, snack stands were working until their faces were
red, the Adventurers were so engrossed in crafting and selling things that
they forgot to sleep. Everyone made huge profits in the festival and used it
to buy alcohol, meals, and clothes, making the consumption demand
skyrocket.
At the courts, the butlers that wanted to make everything perfect gave out
instructions, all the maids and helpers were busy running around fulfilling
their tasks. But in this noisy atmosphere, it was impossible to welcome all
the guests perfectly, a serious supervisor would probably faint from this.
If all the Adventurers requested the same service as the aristocrats, they
would need at least three servants to take care of their meals, showers,
and changing of clothes. Even the grandest Maihama court in the whole
'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' wouldn't be able to handle that.
In the eyes of the nobles, the simple way of life of the Adventurers was
astonishing. The smarter aristocrats would simplify their daily life during
this period as well to accommodate the Adventurers. So the snobbish and
extravagant aristocrats were more sensible during this festive period, the
attendants and maids in the Maihama courts all breathed a sigh of relief.
The treaty-signing festival that included nobility, peasants, merchants,
craftsmen, and even farmers was heading towards its climax.
Under the elegant music of the orchestra, 'Castle Cinderella' held a grand
ball in the middle of its hall.

This hall was more spacious than the 'Ancient Palace of Eternal Ice's',
illuminated with countless candles and the magic light conjured by
summoners. This ball hosted over 200 people from nobles, merchant
bosses, and Adventurers.
Duke Sergead Corwen announced the opening of the ball after a simple
speech, and a louder and clearer music welcomed the participants to
enter.
Unlike before, there were Adventurers taking part as well, the knights and
princesses hesitated in this situation, the first to enter the dance floor was
Raynesia escorted by Krusty.
The young hero from Akiba who saved 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'
from the goblin threat Krusty, and granddaughter of the clan Corwen who
chaired the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' Raynesia. This couple
tickled the curiosity of the crowd just with their names alone. And the
expedition started because of Raynesia's visit to Akiba to ask for aid, the
Adventurers were moved by her sincerity and took up arms with their
righteous hearts, these events akin to stories of heroes would be
chronicled in their history forever.
There was a rumor that Krusty challenged the goblin general 1-on-1 and
defeated him, but contrary to the stories, he looked like a sensible young
man. His calm face with glasses showed no signs of worry, his height was
fitting of his title of a knight, but he didn't give the slow and heavy feeling
that went with the description of a burly knight. Krusty in his classy tuxedo
was just like a nobleman.
On the other hand, Raynesia had the reputation of the most beautiful
princess in all of the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal'. She was wearing
a formal dress with its color in layers going from light blue to light purple
with fine embroidery sewed on with silver threads.
The design that covered her shoulders looked conservative, but the cuts
on the chest and back were enough to attract the attention of men and
accentuated her beautiful slender neck like a swan's.
The two of them walked to the center of the floor, drawing murmurs and
sighs of praise from the crowd. It was a distinguished scene like that of a
poem.

"Are you not going my lord?"
On the 2nd floor seat that overlooked the hall, Shiroe sipped his black rose
tea as he watched.
Akatsuki was wearing the same pretty gown she had back in the 'Ancient
Palace of Eternal Ice', probably forced by Henrietta.
The pearl-colored gown was the same as last time, but she had a
translucent blue and purple shawl tonight. The light-colored dressing
accentuated Akatsuki's black silky hair to the fullest.
"Not tonight, Krusty-san is playing the leading role right now, I can't last
long anyway... I am so tired."
Akatsuki sat down quietly beside Shiroe when he finished.
This balcony had a small table and several chairs and there was no one
else around. This was meant to be a resting area for the high-class nobles,
but there was a ball with Adventurers taking part right now, the attendants
had no time to take care of this place as they were busy attending to the
ball that was just like a festival.
He could see everyone in the hall clearly from here.
The orchestra who were wearing similar costumes focused on playing; the
wealthy merchants and the elderly nobles hogged in a corner to enjoy the
banquet; the Adventurers who looked nervous; the People of the Land who
talked boldly to the knights and merchants in a casual manner.
There were many stories playing out in this ball, Krusty and Raynesia went
to the center of the hall and danced like blossoming flowers.
"..."
Akatsuki who was watching intently turned and looked Shiroe straight in
the eyes. Akatsuki looked like she was about to say something, but she
closed her lips as if she was giving up. She looked so lost and uneasy, but
it made Shiroe feel so peaceful and at ease.
"Are you laughing my lord?"
"No I'm not."
"Yes, you are laughing."

Shiroe repeatedly denied it while Akatsuki kept pressing him, but she
suddenly apologized in a gentle tone.
"I didn't help much this time, apart from fighting, I have been holding you
back."
"That's not true Akatsuki."
Akatsuki's words stunned Shiroe, throughout this one month since they
attended the nobles' meeting, Akatsuki had always been by his side. She
had been collecting intelligence from the dark and performing bodyguard
duties in the light. The two of them also visited Ri Gan's library and came
into contact with a part of the mystery of this world.
Shiroe told her this, but Akatsuki still looked depressed.
(It is so hard to convey my gratitude.)
Shiroe just wanted to build and protect his home and this quiet young girl
had always been helping him achieve his dreams. Shiroe who finally
noticed this stood up without thinking.
"Let's dance."
"Ah?"
Shiroe stood up and gave his hand to the petite young girl looking at him
from her chair. A round of applause sounded from the hall below and the
second piece of music started to play.
The bright lights shining down at the hall illuminated the balcony on the
2nd floor from below.
"My lord, that... about dancing..."
"You have practiced right?"
Shiroe took her hand and helped her up.
Shiroe remembered that night where Akatsuki practiced her footwork in the
palace courtyard. The steps that were complicated but not like martial arts
were the dance steps Henrietta taught Shiroe.

The quiet girl who was about his age but looked so young was practicing
her dance in secret in the cool night breeze, repeating the movements until
they were a part of herself, reflecting the uncompromising nature of
Akatsuki.
Only Shiroe knew this in the whole world.
"My lord... you cannot laugh at me."
"I am also a beginner, I won't laugh."
In the dim and narrow balcony on the second floor, the two members of
Log Horizon danced awkwardly to the waltz playing in the hall below.
These were clumsy dance steps of the two who harbored concern for each
other.

Part 8
Krusty and Raynesia danced to the tune of a waltz under the bright lights
in the classy hall.
In Raynesia's eyes, Krusty was a big tiger.
Krusty who was like a towering city wall seemed to betray his image as the
general of the expedition army as he guided his partner in a proper and
elegant dance.
The court seemed to agree that he was a gentle and handsome young
man (Raynesia heard about this from the maids), but having seen how he
was on the battlefield, Raynesia just wanted to say "your eyes are just
decorations made with ink."
(He is a tiger! This man is a tiger monster!)
He was a bit skinny among the knights... Someone commented, but that
was because Krusty was very tall so he looked slender from far. With his
hands on her waist from so close, she could feel his strong arms and thick
chest. He was a different species of human from Raynesia... or rather, a
different creature.
"What is it princess?"
"It is nothing Krusty-sama."

Raynesia made an expression that seemed like a smile to the surrounding
nobles and Adventurers and answered in a low and unhappy voice.
Krusty was also keeping his voice down, with the hall filled with the noise
of the music and chatter, there was no need to worry their conversation
would be overheard.
People might be able to tell they were talking from the movements of their
lips, but they would definitely judge it as a friendly interaction judging from
their expressions and situation.
Raynesia understood that to the maids who were deprived of romantic
topics, their conversation must have been interpreted as whispers of
lovers, she had already heard about such rumors.
"...This is so infuriating."
"What is it?"
The most infuriating thing was Krusty's attitude of not denying these
rumors. His denial might get rejected, but his cool attitude frustrated her to
no end, she could not stand how Krusty was taking all this in stride.
"Nothing."
"You seems to be in a bad mood."
'It is your fault I am saying this and showing this attitude.' Raynesia said in
her heart. But she was speechless the next moment when he said:
"Anyway, it is indeed my fault."
(Really, he answers the words in my mind! And he doesn't sound sorry at
all!)
Raynesia sighed when she thought of the future.
Her grandfather adopted a very calm demeanor regarding this incidence.
The treaty between the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' and the Round
Table Council was signed on equal terms.
When East Yamato was facing the crisis of being razed by the goblins,
Raynesia approached the Adventurers for aid as an individual, the 'League
of Freedom Towns Eastal' held the utmost respect and gratitude for them,
but they didn't owe any favors to the Adventurers.

Grandfather made this very clear to Raynesia.
(Simply put, I have to repay my debts to the Adventurers by myself...)
The ceremony and festival treated the Adventurers as the guests of honor,
but the 'League of Freedom Towns Eastal' would not share the expenses
of this war, which made Raynesia pale when she heard about this.
When Raynesia made the speech in Akiba, she was hoping for everyone
to volunteer and help. She expected the 'League of Freedom Towns
Eastal' to provide some sort of sponsorship or gift of thanks, but they were
actually not doing anything for the Adventurers who got hurt in the
expedition.
As Raynesia thought of these troubling things, she continued to dance
gracefully thanks to her years of training.
One step right, another two steps right.
Quarter turn, left step, raise her hands and gently touch Krusty's fingers.
The steady flow of the flute, the bittersweet sound of the violin, Krusty and
Raynesia danced in the mesmerizing melody that threatened to melt you
away.
"Are you so unwilling?"
"It's not like that..."
The plan to appease the crowd was to send Raynesia out as an
ambassador. In the culture of the nobles, noble women were symbols, they
might be granted political positions for their beauty, with no expectation of
them having any administrative talents.
According to her grandfather, 'Raynesia crossed this protective net on her
own initiative', so there was no need to worry about this. Raynesia would
be the ambassador for the embassy in Akiba, she would need to live her
life traveling between the embassy and Castle Cinderella.
'... Since this is your debt, you need to repay the Adventurers by staying
there according to proper etiquette correct?'

Her grandfather Duke Sergead said sternly, although his eyes were
laughing. This was a rare expression, so this must be the best
arrangement he could do for Raynesia.
Raynesia got even more depressed when she thought about this.
"3 meals provided with an afternoon nap included."
"Ah?"
"3 meals provided with an afternoon nap included."
Krusty said with an unpleasant and resigned voice.
"You are going to be the ambassador in Akiba correct? Akiba will be more
developed in the future, the nobles will want to have an office or place for
negotiations, so I understand why they want to set up a place in Akiba, the
effect should be good... But Adventurers like us are not really interested in
the daily life of the aristocrats, the number of tea parties or banquets will be
very few. Since the princess is coming to such a city, I feel that you should
enjoy the shut-in life of 3 meals provided with an afternoon nap included."
Krusty's sudden hint filled Raynesia's chest with hope.
Could this be the situation she longed for?
Leaving her parents' side meant not being under their supervision, this
might be her chance to fulfill her dreams of Operation 'Living 3 days Lazily
Without Showering'.
"I think 3 days should be an acceptable range."
Krusty's words that seemed to have read her mind made Raynesia blush.
This despicable monster was so hard to deal with, she furiously tightened
both hands, but it only felt like the weight of a bird to Krusty.
For the uninformed audience, this scene was the decorated young knight
leading a beautiful princess in a dance, their tender whispers and words of
love made the sorrowful princess blush.
But the rumors might not match the reality, and even if the rumors were
true, correlation did not imply causation, so only the subjects themselves
knew the details.
"I can finally return to my dissolute life, don't you agree Krusty-sama?"

"That might be hard to say, the princess seems to have the tendency to
self-destruct."
The two of them squabbled as they continued to dance, they were like
rivals but also accomplices, moving to the music that celebrated the
coming peace.

Round Table Council - Battle Map

Elder Tale Monster File 2
Introducing the Elder Tale main characters behind the scene:
Monsters! Round 2
<table width=80%><tr><td colspan="2">

<tr><td width=50% valign="top">Goblin Shaman
Level: 29-33
Strength: Normal
Found in: Hills or dungeons
Has high magical powers among the goblins, a unit that can use several
spells. Usually casts low-level magic, but beginners lacking the ability to
defend against them might risk dying at their hands. The terrifying feature
of the goblins is their large variety of troop types, if goblin shaman join
forces with allies of different jobs, they will be a troublesome opponent.<td
width=50% valign="top">Rat man
Level: 15-45
Strength: Normal
Found in: Underground or damp areas.
A type of demihuman, physical appearance is between 'man with head of a
rat' and 'rat standing upright'. Height is about a middle-schooler's, it is hard
to tell its body shape as it has smooth and seemingly moist fur all over. It
can use simple tools. It has low battle powers among similar monster
types, but its reproduction rate and the ability to spread disease makes it a
difficult enemy to fight, they will move in groups in dungeons.<tr><td
width=50% valign="top">Lapis Fly
Level: 73-89
Strength: Party
Found in: Hills or near river
A powerful insect-type monster in the form of a large dragonfly, has a
beautiful blue glass-like shell and transparent rainbow wings, a few items
need this as a crafting ingredient. Therefore a lot of Adventurers attempt to
hunt them, but it has the high evasion rate unique to flying monsters and
will run away at the sign of any trouble. This mode of operation makes this
ingredient hard to hunt, you can make a huge profit if you sell it in the
market.<td width=50% valign="top">Goblin
Level: 5-46
Strength: Normal
Found in: Hills or dungeons
A type of demihuman that is infamous, it is short, skinny, ugly, and twisted.
Height is about 150cm, one of the evil forces in the northeast Yamato
archipelago. Tenacious, strong reproduction ability, cruel, and evil. Likes
military actions. Has primitive tribal communities and divides into different
jobs to do. Will sometimes enslave other races and absorb them into their

society. Most of them form party-sized groups, will occasionally have king
build a fortress as its base.<tr><td colspan="2" valign="top">

<tr><td valign="top">Goblin General
Level: 62
Strength: Raid 1
Found in: Fortress or dungeons
A unit with strong fighting prowess among the goblins, capable of
commanding others. There are several generals working under the goblin
king, but they are unable to use brilliant tactics since they are goblins after
all. They attack by taking advantage of their numbers. The goblin general
has the ability to raise the morale of his army by standing on top of his
mobile fortress, increasing the goblins' battle ability which is a troublesome
skill. His stamina and strength is also beyond normal goblins'.<td
valign="top">Dire Wolf & Goblin Tamer
Level: 19-46
Strength: Party
Found in: Hills or dungeons
Driven insane and becoming gigantic by magic and the moonlight, dire
wolves are partnered with goblin tamers. Goblin tamers can use special
curses and skills to raise the combat ability of the dire wolves they bred. A
tough foe that can move fast and attack multiple times, they frequently
break through the vanguards of the Adventurers. The basic way of
defeating them is to concentrate and defeat one of them, they are easy to
take down if you separate them.<tr><td colspan="2" valign="top">

<tr><td valign="top">Ruseato of Seven Prison
Level: 95
Strength: Raid 1
Found in: Dungeons
A powerful 'Full Raid' level monster that appears in the quest 'The Nine
Prisons of Heroes'. In the 'Prison of the Knight', there is an active seal that
paralyze all healing and mage class players. You can return your allies to
normal by activating the mechanism to undo the seal, but it will also
strengthen Ruseato as well, going to either white knight or dark knight
mode and attack with magic. A strong opponent that needs to be analyzed
from the tactical level.<td valign="top">Undine
Level: 19-43
Strength: Normal or Party
Found in: Near water
A spirit that controls water elements, they often appear to assist or resist
the Adventurers in the Elder Tales world that is rich in Mother Nature. A
threatening monster, summoners are able to contract and conjure them
after completing specific quests. The Undine has powerful abilities and is
beautiful in appearance, so it is popular among the summoners. The ability
to produce water is held in high regard after the Catastrophe.

Log Horizon
Terminology
<table width=80%><tr><td width=50% valign="top">Elder Tales
Using a sword and magic world as its theme, it is the largest online game
in the world. With its proud 20 years history, it is an MMORPG loved by its
hardcore players.
Catastrophe
The incident where Elder Tales players are trapped in the game world. The
day the 12th expansion pack 'The Novasphere Pioneer' went live, all
30,000 Japanese players who were online was trapped.
Adventurer
A term describing all Elder Tales players, the player's own identity. You
can set your height, class, and race at the beginning of the game. It is
mainly used by the NPC when addressing the players.
People of the land
The way NPC calls themselves. Their number has grown a lot after the
Catastrophe, they need to eat and sleep. If you do not use your status
menu to confirm, it is hard to differentiate them from players.
Half Gaia project
The project Elder Tales implements with the goal to recreate the world with
half its scale. Its shape and geography is similar to real Earth, but the
distance has been shortened to half, and the area is only a quarter.
Ancient times
The setting by the developers of the online game Elder Tales, a term for
the fallen civilization in the past. It is based on the real world civilization
and technology. The abandoned metros and buildings are the legacy of
ancient times.
Alternate world
Shiroe and the others are trapped in an Elder Tales that has turned into
the alternate world.
Guild
A group formed by multiple players, members can contact each other
easily to go on adventures together, it is easy to trade items too. Many
players join guilds to take advantage of its convenience.

Round Table Council
The governing body of Akiba formed under the proposal of Shiroe. Its 11
members include the guild masters of big battle guilds, major production
guilds, and the representatives of all the small guilds, leading the
revolution in Akiba.
Log Horizon
Guild started by Shiroe after the Catastrophe, pioneer members are
Akatsuki, Naotsugu, and Nyanta. The twins Minori and Tohya joined soon
after. Its base is in the rural edge of Akiba, an abandoned building that has
a old giant tree growing out of it.
Crescent Moon Alliance
Lead by Maryele, it's a guild formed with the purpose of supporting
mid-level players. Maryele's good friend from highschool Henrietta acts as
its accountant.
Debauchery Tea Party
A group that Shiroe, Naotsugu, Nyanta stayed in for a period of time. It was
active for 2 years, but did not operate as a guild. But it is a legendary
organization in Elder Tales, and is still famous now.
Fairy Ring
Transport device located in the plains, the transport location is affected by
the lunar cycle. If you use it at the wrong time there is no way of knowing
where you would go. With surfing the internet for guides out of the question
after the Catastrophe, almost no one can use them.
Zone
A term to describe an unit of area. It might cover a plain, a dungeon, a city,
or even a hotel or some small areas, can be purchased at the displayed
price.
Serdesea[3]
The world's name in a game made by the Half Gaia Project. Equivalent to
the "Earth" in the reality world.
Skill
A variety of abilities usable by Adventurers, can be learned by leveling up
main class or subclass. All skills can be divided by novice, intermediate,
ultimate, and secret these 4 levels, can be leveled by training the skills.<td
width=50% valign="top">Main Class
It decides the player's battle ability in Elder Tales. When a player start the

game, they can choose from 12 unique classes, categorized into warrior
class, weapon-based class, healer class, and mage class. There are 3
classes from each category, a total of 12.
Sub Class
Have no direct relation to battling, but a convenient skill to have while
playing the game. Compared to the 12 classes, there are over 50
subclasses, from convenient jobs to joke subclasses, it has a wide variety
mixed in.
Akiba City
One of the player cities in Yamato, its position is relative to real Japan's
Akiba.
Crescent Archipelago Yamato
The world of Serdesea is based on the real world. Crescent Archipelago
Yamato is equivalent to the region of Japan, divided into Ezzo Empire,
Fourland dukedom, Ninetail dominion, League of Freedom Towns Eastal
and Holy empire Westelande these 5 areas.
Cast time
The time needed to prepare before activating a skill. It differs from skill to
skill, powerful skills usually have longer cast time. You can maneuver while
casting combat skills, but any magic spells will be interrupted if you move
while casting.
Motion Bind
The effect of being unable to move your body temporarily after using a
skill. Unable to move or act until skill stiffness wears off.
Recast time
After using a skill, the time needed to use it again. This restriction prevents
a player from spamming a specific skill. Some skills have the restriction of
using it once per day.
Call of Home
One of the basic skills all Adventurers can learn. Can instantly teleport to
the last visited safe zone with a cathedral. Has a cool down of 24 hours.
Raid
Requires more Adventurers than the standard party of 6 to battle, also
used to describe a large group of players. Most well-known are the 24
players 'Full Raid' and the 96 players 'Legion Raid'.

Race
The world of Serdesea has all kind of humanoid races. Adventurers can
choose human, elv, dwarf, half-alv, werecat, wolf fang, foxtail, and race of
ceremony these 8 races, known as the 'kind human races'.
{| class="wikitable" |- !colspan="4"|Main Classes |- !Magic Attack
Classes!!Healing Classes!!Weapon Attack Classes!!Warrior Classes ||Sorcerer
Strong at dealing direct damage to opponents. ||Cleric
The ultimate healer boasting of the greatest healing ability. ||Assassin
A pure attacker proficient in the use of diverse weapons. ||Guardian
Wields the highest defensive ability and abilities that gathers enemies by
aggro. |- |Summoner
Strong at summoning and manipulating mythical beasts and spirits. ||Druid
A magic-type healing class that allies with the natural and spirits.
||Swashbuckler
A versatile, dual-bladed type of guerrilla-like force. ||Samurai
Uses Japanese-styled equipment, and wields powerful skills. |- |Enchanter
Strong at the control of battle status and MP. ||Kannagi
A preventive-type healing class that blocks off damage. ||Bard
A light-armored warrior fluent in many "songs" of magical effects. ||Monk
A balance class that lacks armaments but excels in evasion. |}

Afterword
Greetings, it's been a month, I am Mamare.
I am grateful for your purchase of Log Horizon 4 The end of the game Part
2, the story is the 2nd part of the previous volume, Log Horizon 3 The end
of the game Part 1, concluding all the stories from the previous month! part
2 is the same as part 1, with plenty of wonderful contents.
As usual, the afterword of Log Horizon will be a long story about
Mamare(younger sister), (this fact has now been revealed official!). But it is
not like a report this time.
Actually, my family found out.
Maoyuu Maou Yuusha has published for 8 months, I have not said a word
about it, but I have been discovered by my relatives.
Uncle asks, "Eh, is it a publisher like Iwanami Shoten?" which almost made
me collapse. No it isn't, it is not this type of academic or theoretical books,
it is lighter reading materials. The light doesn't mean illumination or correct.
Wait, it doesn't mean flight either okay? Besides, my family is brother and
sister, not brothers. (TL: Light, Right and Wright is pronounced the same in
Japanese.)
How should I say this, I mean light, the intonation needs to be lighter, it is
closer to margarine instead of butter, something that is vegan and low in
calories.
Allow me to withhold the contents of my works, it is definitely not
something shameful... Mamare defends in a one sided manner.
This came into light because my middle schooler nephew point this out
directly during a family meeting. It was exposed through twitter, I leaked so
much local info out there, no wonder I have been discovered. As an old
boy of St Francis kindergarten, I want to teach him some lesson on
keeping quiet. But he is also one of the readers that I am grateful to have,
Mamare falls into a dilemma.
The relatives interrogated the Mamare who is trapped this way.
"What type of books are you writing?"
"Can it be brought in bookshops?"

"You didn't get conned right?"
"Should we distribute some to our neighbors?"
"Buy me ice cream."
They actually tortured a NEET this way.
I didn't do anything wrong, why do I need to listen to my relatives teaching
so obediently? Because I have kept it a secret until now. But I didn't mean
to hide it from them... it, it is because no one ask so I didn't say, please
don't take this the wrong way! Mamare acted like a Tsundere for no
reason, falling into chaos.
Mamare(younger sister) surprised me.
Mamare(younger sister) said in a straight face "I already knew."
Why sister? Since you know you should have told me right?
According to her, she discovered when a book sample was delivered here,
I thought she didn't notice.
As for Mamare(younger sister)...
Thank you for your supportive review 'It's about a virgin main character
flirting with big breast girls'. Thanks to you, the relative interrogation
session became a public execution. This fantasy process is like the king of
home renovation, the expert renovation moved Mamare to tears.
I am unable to forget uncle's words, "Could it be that you still are..." Did he
think Mamare is a magician? Be careful or you will make me cry.
Mamare(younger sister) unexpected attack left me on the brink of death.
That's why we bicker on the way home after the family meeting is over.
"Stupid brother is stupid", "Your taste in shoes is horrible", "hikkikomori",
"Change the fridge at home" etc, she didn't show any mercy.
Mamare(Younger sister) was such a cute kid, shouting "Brother! Brother!
This is delicious!" as she ate the whole bag of red ginger (mass produced
package from a snack store in Okachimachi 2nd street); Not long ago she
thought Childish means unpopular and lonely; even though she sings
Doramon's song in the toilet.

Since she knew, I ask her casually if she wants a copy of Log Horizon. She
gives me a condescending look and says: "No need, I already brought
one." Hence, I forgave her.
But this sister is so infuriating.
Let's leave the topic of Mamare's family meeting to the side for now and
focus on Log Horizon 4.
This book is about the battles against the attacks of the goblins and
sahuagins on Sand Leaf peninsula. The beginner party with Minori and
Touya who has been working hard the previous volume continues to shine!
Shiroe who danced in an elegant place like a ball also show his
capabilities!
This world is full of things that don't go our way, so we must do what we
can to achieve our goals, to do what we believe is right, that is the theme
of this volume. You might not get the result you want, that is why you have
the freedom to give it your all. In other words, this is an expression of
self-indulgence. The beginners and the people in Akiba gave it their all.
The 4th volume also made me feel I need to give it all I have.
The equipment of each character featured at the beginning of each
chapter, is also the results of fan submission during July-August of 2011.
The ideas we used are from bad_blade, ebius, ginnoougi, gontan_,
hige_mg, hpsuke, iron007dd22, kuroyagi6, makotoTRPG, nekoanagi,
roki_a, sawame_ja, sin_217, tepan00, and vaiso. Thank you everyone!
Even though a lot of the submission did not make it to publication, I am still
grateful to all netizens who participated, Log Horizon can only written with
all your support.
Those who like this work after reading Log Horizon, please come and visit
http://mamare.net! It provides the latest news and contents of Log Horizon,
you can also find out news about the manga adapatation here as well, a
major announcement is coming soon!
As we move to a close, I am grateful to chief publisher Mr Shoji Masuda,
the illustration master Harakazuro sensei who drew Crusty and the
princess on the cover passionately, Monster designer who continued from
the previous volume Hashimoto Mochichi, tsubakiya firm for the publishing
designs (there are so many miscellaneous task!), the editorial department
and my female editor the petite F-ta chan! The man who plays the straight
man to Mamare's silly and horrible writing Mr Osako! Thank you everyone!

Next will be for the readers to enjoy this book, please take your time!
'I didn't want to admit, but only the taste of the old shop is top class.'
Mamare Touno

References
1.

↑ <TL: Derpy chinese source.>

2.

↑ <http://youtu.be/-QEuYdcP6o8>

3.

↑ <TL:
http://www9.nhk.or.jp/anime/loghorizon/story/images/map.jpg>

Disclaimer
Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take
this work for commercial activities or for personal gain.
Baka-Tsuki does not and will not condone any activities
of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print,
auction.

Credits
Story
: Mamare Touno
Illustrator : Kazuhiro Hara
Generated on Thu Jan 2 15:14:16 2014

