Prologue
Part 1
“Over 7 billion players online now! Moving towards a future of infinite
possibilities – Create a story that is truly your own!”
… Reality.
From a broader perspective, our precious lives are but a game.
Just hearing that attractive slogan makes us want to imagine being part of
it.
Exactly as the title states, the game called “Life”, is truly an epic game that
lasts for a lifetime.
Game start.
First, you cooperate with your parents and automatically begin the process
of character customization.
After receiving blessings from your father, mother and many others in a
touching opening cutscene, you can finally begin controlling your main
character.
Even though the controls take a while to get used to, you eventually learn
them, and you are thrown into a hub of social competition – school.
The realm where this game takes place in – Earth.
We were thrown in a corner of this gigantic map, and faced a massive
sandbox game. We saw the slogan and were instantly hooked, but we
quickly noticed –
-- “We were tricked”.
Infinite possibilities – Well, this statement may not be false.
But the catch to this game was, no one told us that we could do things our
own way.
Disadvantages were caused by insufficient character levels, experience
points, funds and not to mention spawn location.
Seemingly endless shackles ruined the freedom allowed in this game.
However, we continued to work hard.

Trusting in the fanciful slogan, we constantly fell down and picked
ourselves up.
We truly believed that we possessed infinite potential.
So, we engrossed ourselves in raising our levels, farming experience
and earning money.
Despite our complaints about the unfair conditions given due to the “Talents”
or “Qualities” and other skills we received during random character
customization, we did not give up, but relied on “Effort” to increase our
experience points, endlessly working hard – That’s the kind of game “Life” is.
This really is a story that motivates and touches the heart, isn’t it?
- But, that has no meaning at all.
No matter how high your score is, you will never be able to beat this
game.
This is because even though your level, experience points and funds have
reached the cap, you will still suffer – in this case being ostracized.
Why?
- Because of putting in “Too much effort”.
Because even if it is something acquired by “Effort”. Others will still
claim it is completely unfair.
When you own “Something that others do not”, they will undoubtedly
claim that it is unfair.
Because of that, we were “Punished”.
Receiving punishment from seven billion other players, shackles were
imposed on us.
At this point, a thought flashed through our heads – - Does freedom
truly exist in this game?
No matter what choices we made, we would still receive criticisms from
society, other players or from god-knows-where.
Even if we accepted the criticisms and continued on with the game, as long as
we once again wished to achieve success, the same fate would befall upon us.
Looking back on it all, we realized –

Our actions were not carried out upon free will.
The path we have walked, was only a pre-regulated path built according to a
combination of the wishes and commands from others.
When we realized were merely – “Walking a path built by others”…
Our suspicions were only confirmed.
No mistake about it, this massive scam called “Life” was no doubt a
massive and vast sandbox game.
The thing is – The players were not ourselves.
So we unconsciously lowered our heads and looked down at our hands.
- Looking at those hands bound by infinite but yet infinitesimally
small ropes, our suspicions turned into confirmations.
So we unconsciously surveyed our surroundings.
- Looking at the others around us bound by infinite yet infinitesimally
small ropes, our confirmations turned into understanding.
As long as we shook our heads, we would hear creaking noises, which was
when the gamer siblings realized.
All the players were actually puppets. Everyone was adhering to the
countenances of others and fulfilling their preset role in this game called
“Life”. Just like puppets in a puppet show – Just like NPCs.
So, after you’ve considered the above, let me just ask one question.
“For what reason are you living?”
- Is your answer to this question, truly based on your own free will?
- ………
- This is the world as seen through the eyes of a <Puppet (NPC)>.
The <Puppet> did not question this truth in the ten years since the game
began.
The soulless <Puppet> did not feel anxious nor worried when faced with
that truth.
Just like <PuppetsPrayers>, we only look upon the faces of others, and make
requests to <HumansPlayers> though we are not even sure if they exist.[1]
All it prays for is that the tricks would one day bring about some sort of
benefit to mankind.

- Until that day.
Part 2
Elven Gard – Tillnog County, Lower Miguel
This was merely a district within the territory of the faction with the largest
amount of land, stretching three continents and 52 states.
Located southeast of the capital, close to the kingdom of the Dwarves –
Harden Fell.
- It is the city of those who were born in and would receive the blessings of
the forest, the elves.
The architecture found there was completely different compared to
the Imanity's – Elchea.
In the center of the city lies a “Heaven Tree” – With one branch stretching up
and beyond the clouds, an unbelievably large tree towered, with its roots
tangled at the forest floor like blood vessels, expanded by the elves to form a
network of roads. Houses and street lights tangle and merge with the stumps
and vines growing from the earth, filling the cracks and bumps between the
pavements.
That fashion of architecture was completely unlike flattening forests and
reclaiming land to build “buildings” made of brick and stone.
This could only be done through well-practiced and potent magic, truly a
“Living City”.
Within the streets that were one with nature, there lies a particularly
large mansion.
That is the residence of the mayor – Ron Barter.
At that time, a young lady was passing by the the gates that were
embroidered with rosebuds.
She had a mane of silky golden hair with a few curls.
A pair of pointed ears signified an Elven heritage, and the ruby on her
forehead produced faint streaks of light when struck by the sun's rays.
The person coming out to receive the girl was a man that looked as if he
had just entered old age, similarly had pointed ears, and was dressed in
clothes clearly meant for higher echelons of society.

“Welcome, Miss Fii, or should I call you Miss Nilvalen?” The girl known as
Fii replied gently in a diplomatic voice,
“I don’t mind what you call me, Barter, for I have not officially inherited
the position of the head of the family.”
The man - Barter hearing her reply, curled up the corners of his mouth into
an evil smile.
He stepped back, spread out his arms, and invited Fii into the mansion
completely made of flora.
“To allow a young maiden to travel so far just to visit my humble home, I
offer my sincerest apologies.”
“Fufu, your talent for flattery sure has not deteriorated in the slightest, I
see.”
“I never thought you would say something like that. I may be old, but I
believe my ability to appreciate beautiful flowers has not been lost….
Despite the fact that you are nothing but an ugly weed compared to my
garden, of course.”
“A flower that is being appreciated can still bloom, you know. Oh, I should
also mention that the time it takes to do so is the same as well~”
While the two of them were walking, their smiles did not diminish even
by a fraction, however during the entire trip, they did not look at each
other at all.
Barter led Fii into the main hall.
In the center of the hall, decorated by various flowers and plants, laid a
table and two chairs.
As Fii sat down, Barter took a seat on the other end as well.
“This must be extremely boring for both of us, so let’s get straight to the
point.”
He jumped right into the main issue without beating around the bush.
“For this round of senatorial elections - Nilvalen, may I request that
you withdraw?”
Barter addressed Fii by her family name directly, as though it were a
command instead of a request.

- Despite the fact that Fii had said she didn’t mind what she was
addressed as – There was an unspoken rule within the circle of nobles in
Elfen Gard, which was….
Addressing someone directly by their family name was akin to an insult.
However, Fii maintained her composure and continued smiling with not
even a twitch of the eyebrow.
“Is that all?”
“Of course not, I also request that you personally recommend me for the
elections, officially under your family name of Nilvalen.”
“Oh~ so that’s how it is.”
“Yes, the election deposits and earnest money would also be your
responsibility. Another thing, a close friend of mine, Sir Castor Lesto desires
your Golden Dragon Bone Harp, as long as you give it to him, he will
recommend me for this round’s elections.”
“Hmm… that's my family heirloom, you know! Previously, an entire city
was traded in exchange for it –“
“That is what I heard as well, I’m sure he would enjoy this gift very much.”
The corners of his mouth twisted once again, revealing a cunning smile.
His eyes drooped downwards, with his line of sight directly fixated upon
her large and supple breasts.
“I won’t force you to make the decision right away of course, so why don’t
you stay over tonight. We need to sit down nice and proper and have an
「all-night」 talk regarding how our relationship should proceed from
here? Hmm?”
“No matter how a person’s outward appearance is decorated, the
personality will remain the same you know?”
Fii replied, almost failing to hold back her laughter.
“Essentially you want money, land and women right? In this current age, I
would imagine that even mountain bandits would have more reasonable
demands.”
“That is because they know their place as small fries. Don’t you think that a
person of my position and caliber deserves to request for correspondingly
important demands?”

“I completely disagree, but if you want to think that way, then it’s your own
decision~?”
Fii continued to maintain the smile on her face, then replied:
“So, you think I would accept that kind of request, are you drunk or
something?”
“Haha, compared to being drunk, I prefer being intoxicated by the beauty of
flowers. You should have known I would have
these kinds of demands, but you still came here, didn’t you? Anyway – “
Barter snapped his fingers once.
As she sensed an Elemental Gallery being accessed, a tea set with steam
still billowing out of it appeared on the table.
A piece of tissue paper as though dancing through the air, gently landed
in front of Fii’s position at the table.
“… As the current vice-congresswoman, you actually attempted to liberate
the slaves – If you’re not afraid of me exposing you, you could always refuse
the deal? Sounds good to you?”
Hearing the threatening words spoken by Barter, Fii continued smiling
nonetheless.
She merely inspected the piece of paper on the table wordlessly.
The content written on it was simple, merely a record of Fii and her
group’s affiliation with the act and also evidence regarding the matter.
If the laws regarding slaves were removed, the society of the Elves would not
be able to remain stable, thus her actions were likened to a crime.
If this list were to be exposed to the public, it would not be a surprise if Fii
and the others were convicted with treason –

“Since you’ve already dug up so much information about us, why don’t you
go ahead and expose us?”
“I personally believe in free will, and only do things that would benefit me
personally, what good would it do me if I went ahead and exposed your
little tricks?”
“So you’re using this to threaten me instead? Freedom really is the best, isn’t
it?”
“Threaten? There you go again with such strong words… I am only offering
suggestions to a silly woman. I will train you properly, so how about you
kneel down and beg like a dog for forgiveness? Hmm?”
“I appreciate it, but no thank you – How about we get straight to the topic
here?”
“Hah, you really can’t wait, can you? Hmm? – Fine then.”
After Barter spoke these words, he snapped his fingers yet again.
A complex-looking magical formation appeared out of thin air, and a deck of
cards materialized from the center of it.
“The game is 「Oracle Cards」– I trust that this does not need
explaining?”
Oracle Cards.
A game popular among the Elves, where twenty-two magical cards are
used for combat purposes.
- It is also a dangerous game used to settle disputes.
For someone with weaker magical ability like Fii, it would be a
disadvantageous duel.
By the 「Ten Oaths」, the challenged party, Fii, had the right to select the
game. But then –
“So, let us now decide upon what each of us are willing to bet.”
Fii carefully answered her opponent with her line of sight directly fixated
upon him, her expression ever unchanging.
Both were deciding the requests that would be fulfilled under the absolute
authority of the 「Oaths」.

“Well then, I want all your personal rights – and you will belong to me for
the rest of your life, if I win, of course.”
“We want you to forget everything related to our efforts, and assist us
unconditionally to any extent.”
- This was a reasonable demand.
If Barter were to acquire Fii, he would acquire everything to her family
name and also her virginity.
On the other hand, Fii’s demand was for him to relinquish all his evidence
that he could use threaten them, and also to drain his personal savings dry
as revenge by acquiring his services.
“No problem – but for a third -rate thug like you, it’s best that you don’t
think about winning too much, you know… When imagination goes
overboard, it becomes fantasy you know?”
“Your obvious attempts at bluffing are really entertaining, hmm? Does the
disgrace of the Nilvalen family really think she can beat me?”
After a brief exchange of taunts and loaded glances – Both parties
immediately swore on the pledges.
「「 Acciente 」」
As though corresponding with the spoken word, the spells cast on the table
were activated, and the game began.
Barter and Fii were both given twenty-two cards each.
Their cards automatically hovered in the air at fixed positions, shuffling
themselves at an angle where the opponent was unable to see the card's
face.
After, both would draw cards of equal amount and type, then battle faceto-face.
- This was the game known as 「Oracle Cards」. The simple game
played with tarot cards then began.
- When both parties of the game are elves, cheating with magic is almost
impossible.
Because both parties are able to detect each other’s spells and Elemental
Galleries, if any party attempts to use magic to

cheat, it would be impossible, thus Elves particularly enjoy playing
automatically controlled games powered by magic like this.
Among which, this game known as Oracle Cards, was particularly
popular for its entertainment value and for its victory conditions.
“Set two cards down.”
Fii spoke one simple sentence, and immediately two cards disappeared
from the deck floating in the air.
At the same time, those two cards materialized on the table instantly in a
face-down position. Barter smiled, and said:
“Set two cards down.”
This time, it was Barter’s cards that landed face-down on the table.
Both would use the two cards they had each drawn to decide the victor of
the match.
Barter then uttered, rather impatiently: “How about we
reveal our cards?” “Fine~ now then-“
The two competitors simultaneously spoke a single word.
「「 “Draw” 」」
Immediately after the word was uttered, both their cards
simultaneously flipped over.
In an instant – the surrounding air seemed to have imploded upon itself,
as massive amounts of energy were drawn out of the Elemental Gallery.
The cards Barter drew were 「Strength」and 「The Chariot」.
The combination of the cards was known as -「Fame is Power」.
Fii’s cards were 「The Fool」and 「The Lover」. 「Love is
Insanity」.
The cards belonging to both parties began to emit a bright light, and semitransparent images began to materialize in front of them.
Barter had summoned a fully armored knight that immediately drew its
sword and began its attack.

And the figure that was summoned from Fii’s cards was instead a halfnaked maiden with an expression of exquisite pain.
The maiden moved gracefully as if she were a dancer, grabbed the knight’s
neck and softly spoke a few sentences into his ear.
The knight raised its head as though it was very troubled – then turned his
blade in the other direction.
He turned around while carrying the maiden, and slashed his sword
towards the one that had summoned him instead - Barter.
- Created by the seventh most powerful among the 「Exceed」, and
the most adept with magic, the elves.
This was the game of cards that could only be created through the
harnessing of that magic.
The 「Return Seal」 spell that was triggered on the cards harnessed the
mindless violence emanating from the knight and redirected it towards
Barter.
His response to this was – Muttering a few words, stretching out his palm,
and instantly conjuring a defensive shield.
Two magical formations appeared from thin air, to block the sword of the
knight.
An extremely large noise echoed throughout the room, and a jet of bright
light burst forward.
Large amounts of spirits exploded and burst through the entire courtyard
progressively, then disappeared.
Despite bearing such a powerful counter-attack, Barter still appeared to
be unaffected.
“Actually using a combination to reflect my attacks since the beginning, it
appears that even the cowardly weakling is afraid of being injured, hmm?”
Fii likewise replied with an unwavering smile.
“Avoiding risks in the first hand of cards is a perfectly reasonable strategy,
you know. And I would feel frustrated as well if the victor was decided
instantly in that fashion.”
“Hehe, that’s exactly the reason why others can’t put up with you…. Using
that sort of tricks in games, you clearly don’t understand the style of play, so

how about I teach you a lesson about the methods that are up to standards
truly befit for one of noble descent, hmm?”
Essentially, this is a game of 'Oracle Cards' (Magical Tarot Cards).
- This was the ultimate duel game played by the seventh ranked race, the
Elves.
Both participants have the same twenty-two cards, and every turn two are
drawn to form a combination.
Combinations not only consist of raw power, but also possess different
affinities, and the losing party will suffer an 「Attack」 of power
corresponding with the ability of the combination used.
And those attacks can only be blocked by the magic of the player.
Used cards will be dumped into the graveyard, and after eleven rounds –
meaning after all the cards are used, both parties will be given the option of
surrendering or continuing the game. If the option to continue is selected,
both players will be given another twenty-two cards and restart the duel – as
long as one
party is unable to continue the game, then victory will be decided.
There are a total of two hundred and thirty-one combinations – predicting
and countering each one of them would be an impossible feat.
Hence the key to victory would be 「Dodging attacks」.
- Also a test used to gauge the standards of aspiring Elven mages.
Those who are able to 「Quadruple Cast」 would be only the best mages,
despite Barter being incapable doing so, he was still a very capable 「Triple
Caster」.
While Fii, on the other hand –
“ – You are only barely capable enough to 「Double Cast」 even after using
that kind of runic magic and the support soul gems used by beginners. Do
you really think that with that kind of standard, you, the disgrace of the
Nilvalen family, can triumph over me, hmm?”
- No doubt about it, in this game, victory is decided by the skill of one’s
magic.
The amount of spells that one can cast simultaneously – also represents
the strength of one’s magic and the times one has used it.

Fii that could barely reach the standard of a Double Caster, to wish of
defeating a Triple Caster like Barter, would be an impossible feat.
However Fii merely laughed nonchalantly. “Yes, of course I do think that
way! You’re already becoming this cocky even only after blocking this first
attack. How about you land a hit on me first before you act so savagely,
hmm?”
Then, she glanced upward momentarily.
The movement of the spirits had not ceased, and the second floor of the
mansion was visible from the central courtyard with petals still flying
about from the aftershock of the previous explosion.
Fii glanced through a window on the second floor – a girl with black hair and
clothes – the shadow of her 「Partner」 walking was visible, and the corners
of her mouth faintly had a ghost of a smile.
No doubt about it, this magic game had absolutely no room for the Imanity
who could not use or detect magic.
As long as they took a single hit, they would definitely lose, thus it
wouldn’t even be considered a game.
But – images of two people flashed through her mind’s eye.
A young man and a little girl wearing expressions of pride and
condescension, but at the same time carrying a hint of sadness
–
- Why do you insist on taking on the opponent head-on?
Also –
“The game ended before it even began, you know?”
Part 3
“…Cheh, that bastard Barter.”
Observing the duel taking place in the central courtyard from the second
floor with a bird’s-eye view, Barter’s butler, Fritz, rudely swore.
- From his master’s deal, his ulterior motives were obvious.
Grasping his opponent’s weakness, forcing the opponent into a game she
couldn’t possibly win, and win over her personal rights.

As long as he were to defeat that woman, the house of Nilvalen’s vote,
power, money and of course the one thing more precious than gold –
breasts, would all belong to him.
Despite Barter’s expression being generically villainous and composed, he
was almost certainly thinking of what he would do after he achieved victory.
He most definitely was thinking how he would enjoy that massive pair
of breasts in bed at night.
How could he be so certain? Because he who was standing in the blind spot
of the woman, helping Barter block the 「Attacks」 from her cards, was
also thinking of nothing but gigantic breasts.
Also the most important things related to women were her breasts, looks,
butt, waist, and legs, and not to mention these were only accessories as
compared to her breasts for
accompaniment, valued just about as much as the napkins one would
receive at a restaurant for lunch.
Her intelligence? Her skill with magic? Those were completely unimportant.
- Essentially, Fii was exactly Fritz’s type of girl.
“Ah, to meet in a place like this, it really is a coincidence. Barter’s butler…
Your name is Fritz, right?”
“ -?! You are Nilvalen’s –“
Fritz desperately turned around, and was staring at a black-haired and
black-clothed Imanity… Nilvalen’s slave.
'Her name was Kurami I think,' Fritz thought while rendered speechless.
“Cheh, you flat-chested woman, don’t simply approach me.”
Just being spoken to by a pitifully flat-chested Imanity was already bad
enough.
Also he had no time to entertain her words.
Because he had more important things to do, those being to simultaneously
assist Barter and enjoy the view of Fii’s chest – and as the flat-chested one
probably couldn’t read his inner thoughts, she continued to speak in a calm
tone:

“To meet in a place like this must also be the doing of fate, how about you
「Challenge me」 to a game?”
“… Watch your words, you lackey. At least let your chest grow three times
bigger before you talk, you inferior being.”
Hearing the words carrying condescending, insulting and infinitely other
meanings, the girl still maintained the smile on her face.
“Words... huh? How about something like –“
Her glance immediately sharpened. “I wish to expose you and Barter’s
cheating – what do you think about these words?”
“… I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You were thinking of saying Imanity aren’t capable of detecting magic
– right?”
“……….”
While remaining silent, the flat-chested girl instead shook her head as
though acting in a play.
“That definitely is the case, for example… Note that this is merely an example.
For example, for a Double Caster to defeat a Triple Caster would of course be
difficult, but not impossible, but if you assist Barter in deflecting her
「Attacks」, then this game for you of course would be a 「Guaranteed
Victory」; and I who of course have no ability to detect magic would be
unable to prove it, thus my master – Fii is in a lot of danger here.”
“……..”
However – the flat-chested girl chuckled while covering her mouth, and
continued:
“Actually I have no need to actively expose you. Because you will admit it
anyway.”
“… What?”
“I’ll say this again, do you want to 「Challenge me」 to a game? Because if
you refuse –“
The girl revealed a cunning smile, and produced a small gemstone. “You have
been using Barter’s funds to produce 「Highly concentrated magical
potion」, and have been secretly selling it to the Dwarves – the neighboring

country, I will report this to the police and ruin your reputation – what do
you think of this phrasing?”
“What-!?”
Fritz let out a cry that sounded as if it were a wail.
Understandable, of course.
The gemstone that Kurami was holding in her hand, was coincidentally the
potion he was selling – a prohibited product.
“Compressing and liquefying spirits then absorbing them to increase the
amount of spirits in one’s body. This is a potion created to boost magical
powers, but it also has side effects – no, it should be mentioned that it was
exactly because of these side effects that result in massive amounts of
people abusing this drug, and thus it was banned.”
And that side effect was –
“The adrenaline rush and feeling invincible after an overdose, is just like
those acquired from drugs.”
“……!”
“You should understand the situation by now right? Quickly challenge me to
a game, or else you will have no other options.”
Kurami spoke with an unbelievably sinister and cunning smile on her face,
and Fritz who was looking directly into that frightful expression couldn’t
help but twitch the corners of his mouth slightly in fear.
It’s impossible. Just end it here. “…
Ugh!”
No, I must endure it, I can’t do it yet, must not laugh yet…!
Laughing at a pitiful flat-chested girl who thinks she possesses an advantage
despite only having a bit of information, would be too shameful!
Fritz turned his back toward the flat-chested girl, and his shoulders
were shaking uncontrollably.
Don’t I look like a man that has no other options and has truly been pushed
to his wit’s end? – Stupid, this whole thing was unbelievably stupid.
This duel was instigated by Barter challenging Nilvalen.
He adopted a close-one-eye attitude towards Nilvalen’s schemes in
attempting to free the slaves and used it as a condition for the game to force

her into accepting unfavorable conditions, and to grasp an even more
decisive victory, he even made Fritz help secretly.
But – he recalled a sentence the super busty one (Fii) had said previously…
- I would feel frustrated as well if the victor was decided instantly in
that fashion…
( - So essentially speaking, their target from the start was not Barter, but
me instead.)
Fritz struggled to hold his laughter in, as he realized that Fii accepting
Barter’s challenge so easily was also part of the plan.
In a situation where his hands were tied in assisting Barter, even a young
Imanity girl could force him into a corner.
That sort of dirty tactic should have been obvious to spot.
Also he himself should have predicted that something like this would
happen.
Him smuggling and selling magic potions, and that Fii and Kurami would
come into contact with him during the duel, all these things were already
notified in advance to him by Barter himself.
Why? Because they had went to discuss the matter with him initially.
- Your butler has been committing such crimes, and you are his master, so as
not to damage your reputation, we plan to secretly make him admit to
everything by himself, thus we seek your assistance in this matter.
They created this situation, just so he would fall into their trap.
(… That is definitely what they had thought of – It’s just too laughable!)
What these two had not realized is that, the person that they had sought
assistance from, Barter, was the ringleader of the smuggling ring.
Barter would not sell him out, because as long as Fritz confessed, not only
the smuggling pipelines, but even evidence that Barter himself was the
ringleader would all be leaked out.
Thus he had pretended to cooperate, and planned to acquire Fii for himself
in the process.
Barter himself had come up with the plan, and chose his own mansion as
the venue that the entire course of events would take place. Since the

premise was that the plan was a secret, other than this flat-chested slave,
no others had accompanied them.
- It was too easy.
So the Imanity with the pitiful chest and the busty Elf with the pitiful brains –
the two that had attempted to frame him, ended up being trapped in the
spider’s web instead.
“… You are really unexpectedly stupid, to let even an idiot understand, I
shall attempt to explain this again.”
The flat-chested girl’s voice was like a jet of ice-cold water, sprayed at Fritz
who was still trying to control his laughter.
“You have no other options, so do you want to play a game, or have your life
ruined? Do you understand?”
Hearing this hilarious challenge, Fritz clenched his teeth and held in the
urge to laugh uncontrollably, then raised his head.
His line of sight left the courtyard, and instead he turned to look at his
opponent.
Fritz tried his best to act calm, and sat down at a table located at his side.
“… Fine, however I am bored as well, so just end this quickly.”
“What a coincidence, I cannot let this game drag on due to my partner, so
let’s just play a simple game.”
The flat-chested one sat across from him.
“Here is a perfectly normal deck of cards.” She drew three cards and placed
them on the table.
The cards were the Ace, Queen and King of Spades.
“King trumps Queen, Ace trumps King, Queen trumps Ace.”
As she said this she laid the cards face-down again, then shuffled the
cards multiple times on the table.
“We will each draw one card in its face-down position, then draw our cards
to decide victory. I’m sure even an idiot like you will be able to understand
this?”
“-Hmph, so what is your demand?”
“Isn’t that what you should be stating? Or do you want to just beg for mercy?”

The flat-chested girl laughed in an insulting manner, and despite feeling
angered by her actions, Fritz conceded to her requests just the same.
“… Then I request the destruction and forgetting of the information
「You both」 have acquired regarding the smuggling.”
“Fine, then I request that you 「Confess」 and 「Testify」, and not leave
out a single detail.”
Hearing her request presented in a warm tone, Fritz’s brow jumped
slightly.
Her aim was – for him to confess all the details related to the smuggling,
and cheating by interfering in the game currently taking place in the
courtyard.
So, these two stupid and pitiful women may be foolish, but they had thought
out their own interests before coming here, as if they hadn’t fallen into their
trap from the start….
“- Fine, 「Acciente」.” “OK, 「Acciente」……” Draw.
While maintaining the card he had drawn in a face-down position, Fritz
used a tiny bit of magic.
(So you think I cannot assist Barter and use magic at the same time?)
And the opponent was merely the shame of Nilvalen.
Fii Nilvalen – The most incapable existence since the founding of the House
of Nilvalen.
Even graduating from school – 「Towering Alabaster Trees」 [2] proved to
be too difficult a task for her, if not for the runic markings on the back of her
hand and her forehead, she wouldn’t be able to even Double Cast, being an
underachiever; on the other hand, Barter could Triple Cast, and his opponent
was a stupid busty woman overconfident with the illusion that it was a false
competition, even if he left momentarily, what could go wrong?
- Using the spell known as 「Perspective」, he saw that his card was an
「Ace」.
Sadly he was unable to see through his opponent’s trick before the game had
started, however this was a game suggested by his opponent, and cheating
was to be expected.

He confirmed that he couldn’t feel the presence of magic, so the only
cheating method a species like Imanity would be capable of is – Did she
mess with the deck when she shuffled, to control the card that she would
draw?
No matter, the only card that the flat-chest could beat him with
– would definitely be a 「Queen」.
The predetermined cards were only three.
Even if he turned his 「Ace」 into a 「King」, as long as the remaining card
was flipped open, his cheating would be revealed.
But, if that happened, all he had to do would be to 「Use magic to swap
the images on their cards」.
Even if she messed with the deck during shuffling to control which card
she would draw, but that action itself would be cheating.
Also, even if Fritz used magic to switch their cards, Imanity like Kurami that
cannot detect magic would be unable to prove it.
- She would be thinking something along the lines of this. (You puny
species (Imanity), do not underestimate me.)
He used the bare minimum force required to use his finger to tap the
tabletop so it would not produce any sound.
In an instant, the spirits that flowed across the table told him that the flatchest’s card was 「King」.
Essentially speaking, she guessed that her card would be swapped with his
– and intentionally picked a card that would lose against him.
“- After all, it is the 「Shame of Nilvalen」 and her slave… How naïve.”
Fritz at this point didn’t bother concealing it anymore, then burst out
laughing.
“A dumb busty woman is better than a smart flat-chested one, women’s
vitamins rather than being sent to the brain, would be even more of value if
they were transported to their chests.
However – if one is both dumb and flat-chested, then it’s a really
incurable case.”

“… It appears the rumor that character cannot be developed without
having it from birth is true.”
The flat-chest wrinkled her forehead in displeasure.
Fritz cleared his throat slightly, as he did not need to do anything
besides let his opponent fall into his trap.
“So, can we flip our cards now?” “Fine, then it will
be your loss.”
They flipped over their cards simultaneously. Fritz’s card, as
expected, was an 「Ace」. And the flat-chest’s card was –
- A 「Queen」.
“… H-How could this be - !? This is impossible!?” Fritz kicked away
his chair and yelled.
How could this be possible? Impossible, it shouldn’t be this way – hearing
Fritz’s howls, a smile appeared on Kurami’s face.
- It was a gentle smile. Yes, spreading on her face like the sun.
“… Heh, it was different from the card you peeked at, are you surprised yet?”
- After the pitch of her voice changed, Kurami’s body appeared to shimmer.
“Magic, should be used only after you detect who you’re using it on, you
know!”
The black-haired girl disappeared as though she was a mirage, and instead
turned into a girl with a mane of blond hair, which was to say –
“You…. You are Nilvalen!?”
Fii who had previously taken on the image of Kurami, returned to her
original form.
“Yes, I am Fii Nilvalen.”
Fii smiled indulgently, with the shape curling up into a sideways halfmoon.
“You were saying compared to my brains, my vitamins had all went to my
breasts right…? Then I have a question for you, in the case of you, where did
your vitamins run off to – the growth of your thing down there doesn’t seem
that good either.”

In an instant, spirits scrambled over Fritz’s body, inspecting the condition of
his body, and Fii smiled until both her eyes were but tiny slits.
“Both the top and the bottom are not being used adequately, I really feel
sorry for the vitamins that you have absorbed, you know!”
But Fritz did not take particular notice of her insults – He lost? Lost to
Nilvalen!?
“You do not need to be this bewildered, hmm? Despite being both small and
short "down there", there will definitely be people that will like it… But if
your brains and appearance are both lacking, then I really have nothing to
say~?”
- Then – t-t-then!?
“… Impossible! Then the one currently dueling against Barter
– who is it!?”
Part 4
“Kurami~ I’m already done on my part~”
Fii Nilvalen stretched her body out from the balcony, and waved
towards the courtyard.
Instantly – the body of Fii Nilvalen that was currently in a duel against him –
no…
The one that was merely imitating her appearance – took off her veil,
returning to her normal appearance.
The black-haired and black-clothed girl that appeared in her place –
Kurami Zell, took a bow gracefully.
“- Thank you for your cooperation, Sir Barter.”
“… No, no, my servant has been doing illegal things behind my back, I have
to take responsibility for not realizing earlier, um.”
Upon seeing the Imanity female that had bowed deeply, Barter hid away his
shock, and spoke with a wrinkled brow.
“No, but this is different from what we had agreed on earlier? Hmm? You
both agreed with me that this would be carried out in secret… I had not
heard that there was another accomplice.”

When she heard Barter’s question, the girl exclaimed “Hmm?” and tilted her
head in confusion.
“If I may speak, if there were any uninvited intruders in your mansion, you
would have detected them before anyone else right?”
“Um, uhm….”
That was the truth, and Barter had nothing to say in return.
The mansion only had him and Fritz, Fii and Kurami, and numerous
other helpers in it.
It was his own mansion, as long as there were others inside, he would have
detected it, as within the mansion there were numerous spells of this
capability.
Not to say that he intentionally utilized this advantage to carry out the duel
in this venue, but –
Then how did this female Imanity, carry out the duel with him previously?
The black-haired female chuckled and said: “According to the deal,
only the both of us came.”
“Yes, yes, forgive me for being rude… Then, then this game will be
considered null and void, so let’s end it now, hmm?”
- Not right, something was not right.
Barter felt a strong sensation of unease, and stood up from his seat.
First things first just void this duel, and quickly plan what needs to be
done next –
“Hmm? Sir Barter, did you misunderstand something?”
- Hearing that line that chilled him to the bone, Barter quickly turned
around.
The black-haired girl, Kurami, had stood up as well – with an expression of
extreme mockery on her face.
“Set two cards down.”
Two cards from the girl’s deck disappeared and materialized again on the
tabletop.
“I have not agreed – to end the game you know?” “- What!?”

In a situation where both parties have yet to agree to end the game, the
game will not end.
“You, you, what are you trying to do!?”
“To continue the game of course, please return to your seat, if you wish to
surrender, then I have no choice but to redeem the reward.”
Hearing the words Kurami spoke, Barter’s eyes opened wide.
He had previously thought that he would definitely win, so he didn’t pay
much attention to her demands.
- “We request that you forget all about our plans, and assist us
unconditionally and to any extent.”
Even though the phrasing was somewhat different, but it was of the same
severity as his request to Fii – no, even worse.
He would forget even the details of the game, and would become their
slave.
In comparison to this: Barter’s request was:
- “I request your personal freedom – and you must obey me for the rest of
your life.”
In this situation, the person that had agreed to the duel was Kurami, and
not Fii.
Even if Barter had won, he would only win an insignificant slave
belonging to the Nilvalen family.
He had initially believed that the opponent had agreed to conditions
advantageous towards him – but instead he was the one that had accepted
disadvantageous terms - !?
“You, you both!?”
“Barter! Your time is almost up, do you wish to surrender?”
In contrast to the emotionally unstable Barter, Kurami asked the question
nonchalantly.
- If one party has already picked their cards, and the other does not draw
theirs within a given period of time, it would be regarded as the other party’s
defeat.

Barter remembered this rule, and quickly yelled out: “- ! Set two
cards down!!”
Following Barter’s order, two cards disappeared from his deck and
materialized on the tabletop.
Kurami smiled with pride. 「Draw」
When the command was uttered, the four cards were
simultaneously revealed.
Barter’s cards were 「The Moon」 and 「The High Priestess」.
「Within the robes lie Deceit」.
Kurami’s cards were 「Justice」 and 「The Emperor」. 「My rule is
Absolute」.
As compared to Barter’s combination’s ability which dispelled the enemy’s
attack and resisted the opponent, Kurami’s combination’s ability was to carry
out its own will over all others while releasing all possible status effects upon
the enemy. The sword drawn by the emperor, revealed the true identity of
the high priestess, and relieved her of her position.
Removing the opponent’s power and influence, the emperor's strength was
then directed towards Barter who appeared to be still in a daze.
“- Ugh!?”
He hurriedly casted a defensive spell.
Just as the emperor's sword was about to connect, three spells activated at
once.
But the hurriedly made defensive shield made a cracking noise, and caused
scalding damage to Barter’s Elemental Gallery as the sword broke through.
After the explosion and blinding light had subsided, a voice spoke behind
the panting Barter.
“Oh no! It appears that strike had diminished your stamina by at least half,
hmm!”
Turning around, he saw Fii leisurely walking towards him with his dejectedlooking butler trailing behind.
“! Fritz – you actually lost to a weakling like Nilvalen!?”

Upon hearing Barter’s scolding, Fritz’s facial expression twisted
slightly, but he remained silent and bent his head downward.
While Fii who was standing beside him spoke with a relaxed smile:
“It was inevitable, wasn’t it? He let down his guard because he thought I
was an Imanity.”
“You shut up, Nilvalen! You bitch, how dare you lie to me!?”
“Sigh~ what do you mean lying, such an ugly word… Because…”
Fii’s line of sight shifted towards Kurami who was still sitting at the table.
And Kurami merely nodded her head once, a cold smile appearing on
her face.
“- You were the one that had planned to cheat us to gain victory, weren’t
you.”
Barter took a deep breath, and Kurami continued:
“You were the one that ordered your butler to smuggle contraband and earn
illegitimate cash – did you really think we wouldn’t know?”
“As long as you pretended to cooperate and set a trap for us, you could
eliminate the evidence, and gain all the benefits –“
“When the plan fails you call off the game, and refuse to admit anything –
you really are a dirty person.” [3]
Upon hearing Fii and Kurami’s accusations, Barter’s facial expression
twisted violently.
The plan was a failure from the beginning, they clearly knew his intentions,
but instead they used it against him - …No!
“Heh, heh heh… You’re still one step behind, Nilvalen.” “Yes? Looking for
me?”
Fii opened her eyes wide and tilted her head to the side in confusion
while Barter confidently shouted:
“Since I’ve found out that the one dueling against myself was this little
strumpet, then the evidence of you cheating is obvious! Because a normal
Imanity would never be able to block the 「Attack」 of the cards, it was you
who helped here, wasn’t it!?”

- No mistake there, since the game began, they had already contested
three rounds with seven battles between them.
So in forty rounds, Kurami had been targeted by several 「Attacks」.
Barter clearly saw her using magical shields to deflect the attacks.
Since Imanity are unable to use magic, then it was definitely Fii who was
helping her – but…
Fii was speechless when faced with these accusations, instead scratching
her cheek and replying with a chuckle:
“The person who had instructed his butler to do the exact same thing,
shouldn’t have the right to say anything, right~ …”
Kurami continued:
“Also that wasn’t even considered cheating – you fool.”
Faced with a direct accusation, Barter was momentarily stunned.
“How about you take a moment to chew on the pledges regarding the
game – when I confirmed the conditions, I clearly said 「We」.”
- At this point, Barter really opened his eyes wide, unable to think of a
reply.
Since the opponent had stated 「We」, then the game would be considered
as a duel between Barter and a tag team consisting of Fii and Kurami. The
rules did not restrict leaving the area during the course of the game, so even
if Fii was casting defensive barriers at a distance, it wouldn’t be considered
as breaking the rules – no, wait, before that.
(She changed their appearances so as not to let us find out, and was
simultaneously playing a game on the second floor while casting defensive
barriers -?)
Kurami sighed and frowned slightly.
“… Fii, it appears this moron has finally realized it.”
“Since he has an unfair disadvantage of blood overly concentrated in his
posterior area and not being transported to his brain, we can forgive him for
now right?”
Fii said that while chuckling, but her voice sounded chilling enough to cut
through bone.

“He fell for it even when using such a simple word game, how
disappointing. I had even prepared much more
complicated back-up plans, strategies and traps – for no purpose since
they’re all unnecessary now anyway.”
The underachieving girl standing in front of him sighed as though she
couldn’t take it anymore.
“Just a quick mention… Your cards were too easy to guess, initially you would
definitely take the offensive, and use a curse combination if the attack were
to be blocked. Since you don’t like countering, you wouldn’t use it, and the
combination just now was just a result of your panic, to survive the round,
you attempted to use cards to 「Prevent Attack」, even an
idiot could – sorry, if it was so, it would be normal if you couldn’t guess
that.”
Barter’s shoulders were shaking uncontrollably due to anger, shame – and
a pang of fear that was almost painful to admit.
In the forty rounds of cards, Kurami only suffered very few 「Attacks」.
And that was only in the early phases where luck played a much bigger role,
in the later rounds – all his cards were seen through by her.
This was not the doing of an Elf, but a puny species (Imanity) had managed
to –
“- Don’t underestimate Imanity, you useless old man.” This
unpredictable black-haired girl….
“…OK – Let’s continue the game!”
… She said it with a laugh as though from a god of death. --…….
Sharp and fast-flowing spirits bound Barter’s arms – disrupting the nerve
systems within his Elemental Gallery.
A pain too exquisite to describe, made the centuries-old man, cry like a
baby,
After the blow sufficient to scatter all the flowers growing in the courtyard
had subsided – The Elven old man had fallen from his chair, writhing in
pain, while the young Imanity girl whispered to him gently:
“– This concludes the fourth round, what do you plan to do from here? Sir
Barter.”

“Eh, eh”
“Also, you should have noticed by now, Fii… my master (Fii Nilvalen) – is a
「Hex Caster」.”
When he heard that whisper, the old man’s skin turned whiter than a piece
of paper.
He knew that it was not a bluff.
Because if it were untrue, it would be impossible to explain the various
things Fii was capable of doing.
Kurami crouched down, as though to console the pale, shuddering
old man and continued:
“No problem, even though you look as if you have no remaining energy to
cast defensive barriers – you still have a good chance of winning, as long as
you are able to predict all my following cards and finish me without taking a
single hit, draining the power of the Hex Caster in the process.”
- After stating the one-in-a-trillion chance, Kurami laughed.
“There’s no problem even if you lose, it will only hurt a little
– you’ll only die if you’re not careful.”
- Yes, the exact feats entailed in that were – what Kurami had pulled off just
minutes earlier.
Even a puny species could do it, so it shouldn’t be too hard for an Elf –
“I su- I surrender! I’ve lost! So please, stop the game!”
“-OK, so it’s our victory then. It’s been hard on you, Sir Barter.”
Kurami ignored the pitiful old man, stood up from her seat while Fii
embraced her with a cheer.
“You are amazing!! An Imanity besting over an Elf in this game, it must be
the first time huh?!”
“… Beating this old fool has nothing deserved to be praised so much about,
after all, he was the weakest among all our recent opponents.”
Fii looked as if she was comforting the unhappy Kurami, stroking her
hair gently, then turned around.
“Now –“

Fixating her eyes upon the still-prone Barter and Fritz who was still standing
motionless in shock.
“So Sir Barter, please adhere to the pledges, and forget everything
related to our business.”
And then – Kurami spoke with a large smile on her face.
“Continue your illegal smuggling and vending as per normal.”
-Wait… What?!
“And then, Mr. Fritz! You will 「Confess everything」 in – half a month’s
time.”
- What is going on?
While Barter and Fritz were still in the midst of their confusion,
Kurami walked closer to the table.
“Now we should be taking our leave. But, before that –“
She lifted up the deck of tarot cards used in their game, and shuffled them
while smiling.
“I will predict your futures as a gift.”
”Eh? Kurami, you actually know how to do this? It’s the first time I’m hearing
of it.”
“Yeah, because it’s the first time I’m trying it today, but – these futures
will definitely come true.”
Kurami said that jokingly but yet somehow sinisterly, and began
shuffling the cards –
“Oh, some interesting cards have appeared, um – let me take a look?”
After she said that, she flipped open the four cards one by one. 「Temperance」.
“After today, you will successfully continue your potion smuggling and
vending business with the Dwarves.”
-「The Tower」.
“But half a month later… Oh no, this is terrible, the Dwarves doing business
with you will confess 「For some reason」.”
-「The Wheel of Fortune」.

“Also 「Very coincidentally」, the butler will be found implicated in the
affair, your evil doings discovered one by one … Then –“
-「Judgment」.
“Sir Barter will be brought to justice by the government – story ends,
please restrain your grief.”
Ignoring the two pale-faced men, Kurami spoke to Fii as though acting
in a play:
“Heh, interesting isn’t it, Fii. If Sir Barter is arrested, I wonder who will
assume position of head of his company that so happens to be the top
trading company of Elven Gard, Will Andomoro (ウイル アンドモロ)?
“Oh, coincidentally it happens to be the young master of the Enrihl
(エンリヒ) family whom we 「Played with」 just three days ago.”
- All this, was in their control. When he saw their sinister and yet allknowing smiles, Barter furiously roared:
“Nilvalen, you – no, what are you both planning!?” Both replied with
chilly smiles:
“Eh? It’s OK if we tell you actually~”
“You’ll forget everything anyway, which of course includes this meeting we
had.”
Barter couldn’t help but shudder upon seeing the innocent smiles on the
faces of the two demonic women.
- What kind of monster have I provoked?
“OK, now just like we swore on the pledges – Goodbye, Sir Barter.”
“I will pray for your sake, hope your business thrives from here on out~”
- Just like that.
With a snap, as Kurami and Fii snapped their fingers…
All their memories regarding the events that happened on that day, vanished
without a trace.

Part 5
Kurami and Fii pulled down their identical veils to mask their faces.
Both of them were not there, and were never there. That was the
way things worked.
Carefully avoiding the detection of the eyes and ears of others, both of them
leaped from the top of Sir Barter’s mansion.
The spell conjured by Fii caught them mid-air with a force greater than
gravity, lifting them both gently up and into the air.
- They overcame air resistance, and flew through the night sky.
Only the red moon, the starlight, and the light of the city were left,
illuminating the surrounding landscapes.
This was the city within the forest, a green metropolis woven through utterly
and completely trained magic. It was a sight Kurami was used to seeing – but
even for those seeing it for the first time, and obvious despite the faint light,
Elven Gard’s different castes of civilization could be observed – the duo’s
hoods billowed in the wind as they cruised through the skies above the city.
“Kurami was perfect just now~”
From the trees – no, from one building to another, as if hopping from roof to
roof, Fii said:
“You had to defeat that useless old thing without any help from me, I was
really worried you know.”
“… Let’s drop the subject, Fii, are you OK?”
“Hey, it’s not a bad feeling to have Kurami worried once in a while, you’ve
really grown~”
Fii maintained the spell that allowed them to continue floating in the air
while replying with a mischievous grin on her face.
But even in the faint lighting, Kurami could clearly see that the gemstone on
Fii’s forehead had lost its usual glimmer and was now dark due to overuse of
magic.
Sir Barter and his butler Fritz…
They were 「Triple Casters」 and 「Double Casters」 respectively, although
they were not yet considered top-ranked, they were still exceptional mages.

But… Kurami glanced at the girl cruising through the night sky beside her,
and was immersed in thought. - Fii Nilvalen.
Kurami was serving her master as a slave, head of one of the very few
highly prestigious families in Elven Gard.
Due to poor results, she was expelled from the most prestigious magical
learning institutions in the land - 「Tree of White」.
She drew white runic markings upon herself and wore a support
gemstone used by beginners, while those not in the know mocked her
and labelled her as the most incapable
existence since the founding of the House of Nilvalen – calling her 「Scrap
metal」.
But, those who knew better (Kurami) merely snorted at the insults, and
thought of her as the most talented existence since the founding of the
House of Nilvalen – as though she were a precious ingot of 「Gold」.
Fii had never intentionally revealed her true strength to Kurami.
However –
She had cast magic on herself and Kurami to disguise themselves, and in
order not to let Barter and Fritz realize, she had also cast more spells on
them to prevent them from being recognized, even placing 「Defenses」 on
Kurami from a long distance during the game of Magical Tarot Cards, all
while dueling Fritz… She had casted six spells at once.
「Hex Caster」- She was undoubtedly beyond the level of a talented mage.
No, previously in their game with Sora and others – the game of Reversi
that was only made possible through the usage of Jibril’s core.
The Flugel, ranked sixth, possess astronomical power, and Fii could actually
conjure up a spell strong enough to deflect one of their attacks.
Based on this fact, it is easy to imagine that the words “incredibly talented”
wouldn’t even be enough to describe the sheer talent Fii possessed.
Considering that she is in such a high caliber, even the school that had
expelled her, might recruit her as a professor.
… She should at least be enjoying that sort of treatment. “Hmm…? Is
something wrong? Kurami?”

Her golden hair billowing in the night air, her skin white as snow even in
the darkest night, and her smile was even more illuminating and attractive
than the sun.
Fii Nilvalen, not only born to a normal family but also possesses
abnormal intelligence and adept magical ability.
What should be waiting for her would be a bright and hopeful future – if
she had not given it all up herself.
Yes, she had rejected a fantastic future that was within her grasp.
She had hidden her actual potential and portrayed herself as a useless
person, even choosing to defy her hometown, country and even her race.
She did all that not for anyone else, but only for the sake of one person –
“- …Nothing.”
Only for her best friend.
Kurami silently bent her head down and exhaled loudly.
Choosing to call a mere slave and Imanity (herself) her best friend, and
oppose the rest of the world.
Slave liberation – how nice it sounds indeed.
However, that would be equal to releasing Elven Gard’s national secrets.
For if they attempted to free the Fairies and such, who are being harnessed
for their advanced magic, it would be akin to selling out their country’s
secret weapons to other countries.
If things got to that stage, the Dwarves - Hagenfell would not miss such a
great opportunity.
Elven Gard would probably lose a continental territory that has been
contested for nearly a thousand years due to a land dispute.
Even worse, the country would fall apart, and the inevitable fate if that
happened – would be obvious enough not to mention it.
- As long as it was for Kurami, it didn’t matter even if her hometown
were destroyed.
She swore it, and she genuinely meant it. To be honest, she had already made
several very dangerous moves.

For Fii to be like that, Kurami had only gratitude, and a feeling akin to
yearning that seemed to transcend race and age.
- But Kurami couldn’t help wondering, what about herself?
Even if it didn’t show on her face, Fii’s soul gem showed that she was
exhausted.
She couldn’t even win a game without relying on such a remarkable
person to bear such a heavy burden.
Whether or not she was worthy of being the 「Best friend」 of someone like
Fii –
- Suddenly she felt a bolt of pain shoot through her head.
Old memories flashed past, and Kurami stopped in mid-air while holding
one hand to her head.
- A pinky swear with a young girl, and a puppet that desired to become a
human.
Had he – the puppet – Sora ever thought that he would serve as shackles to
bind the young girl?
The girl had the ability to cruise the broad skies alone, but he instead
became a burden that tied her down to the ground –
“Eh… Kurami, is there something wrong?”
Her best friend noticed that she stopped and turned around for her, while
Kurami looked down and replied:
“… Fii, sorry. If I could do better…” “Kurami…?”
Elven Gard, with overwhelming affinity for magic as its weapon, a
superpower that controlled nearly 30% of total land mass.
Its national power was over twice the size of the country of the Dwarves,
Hagenfell, that was ranked after the Elves, taking the position of the largest
country in the world.
Its foundation was as sturdy as a castle, just finding one opening in its
defenses was harder than attempting to reach beyond the heavens … No, that was merely an excuse.
The images of two people flashed across her mind, and Kurami clenched her
fists even tighter.

“This time, if it had been 「Those two」- then magic shouldn’t even
be necessary.”
“Kurami.”
Removing the high-ranking officials controlling transport, trade and
welfare step-by-step, secretly shaving off their power, that would only
create an opening smaller than a needle, as though an ant’s nest.
But if this continued how long would they have to wait until – “Not only
that, they should be able to win even more!”
After many smaller games have been played, the loopholes will gradually
increase.
If the higher powers were to detect their activities, their existences
would be wiped out in an instant.
What they needed was a move like Sora had used in the game of chess 「Using an unexpected strike to end the game in one move」.
“But… all I’m doing is being a burden to Fii, and I haven’t improved a
single bit –“
“Kurami!”
Kurami’s clenched nails were almost piercing through her skin, but a calm
yet powerful voice stopped her just in time.
“Kurami can’t possibly become 「Those two」.” “…. Yeah, I get it.”
Kurami looked down dejectedly. She knew, even if she imitated Sora,
it would have no meaning.
Sora and Shiro would only be 「

」 when they were together

– would only be Imanity’s strongest gamers. She needed to find a
method suitable for herself – “No, you don’t understand at all,
you know!”
Kurami who had her thoughts interrupted looked up.
“I don’t know what kind of memories Kurami received from Sora-san, but
what kind of person Sora-san is – I believe I have at least a slight
understanding.”
In the hypnotic glow of the forest city, Fii said seriously.

“Sora-san had calculated that they couldn’t do it themselves, which is why
they chose Kurami instead!”
“… Yes, but considering I’m like this –“
“Also, they had calculated that Kurami alone can’t do it, so they sent me as
well!”
“--!”
“Both us and them are two as one, and don’t even think about not borrowing
my power in order to win games, that would be like trying to do alone what
Sora-san and Shiro-san do together you know!”
“…Fii.”
“Kurami can borrow my power you know, it makes perfect sense.”
They are a team of two, we are a team of two as well.
If the result is the same, then there would be no need to feel shameful –
but…
“But I’ve always been a burden to Fii, and not –“
“It’s only because Kurami is around that I can do my best… and –“
Fii grasped the hand of Kurami who was still looking downward,
then said while smiling:
“I know, of course! Kurami has been looking through Sora-san’s memories
daily, digging up all of Sora-san and Shiro-san’s strategies and tactics,
wanting to make them your own –“
Her expression changed, and her eyes revealed an expression of worry.
“Because of that, you haven’t slept for a long while, haven’t you?”
“………!”
“If Kurami doesn’t sleep, then I won’t sleep as well. If Kurami does her best, I
will do my best. If you think I am very tired – then of course Kurami yourself
must be very tired as well!”
Fii said while looking into Kurami’s eyes.
- Rubbing at heavy eyebags that couldn’t even be shielded by the night sky,
speaking gently as though a mother lecturing her child:

“Kurami, if you’re worried that I’ll stress myself out, then I want you to
promise me, tonight you have to sleep well… At this rate, 「Both of us」 will
collapse together, you know…”
“… Sorry, I’ve worried you so…” “Hmph, of course
not.”
Fii intentionally puffed up her cheeks.
“At this point there should be other things to say right?” “… - Yeah, thank
you, Fii.”
Fii smiled and nodded her head, took Kurami by the hand then recast the
spell to lift them into the air.
“Also, I think the reason why Sora-san gave us the mission in Elven Gard,
wasn’t for a particularly serious reason… am I wrong to say this?”
Both of them recalled the face of that man – imagined his bored
expression, then simultaneously exclaimed:
“'Politics and power and whatnot, all that crap like dividing up a country is
way too troublesome, so I’ll just leave you two to it.'”
The duo laughed bitterly, then soared higher up into the night sky.

Part 6
At the roadside hotel where both of them were spending the night, two
beds were placed in a small room.
Fii that had removed her hood and put on her pajamas, repeated again as
though lecturing:
“So Kurami, you must get a good sleep tonight, OK?” “…Then, may I
request something?”
“What is it? Just say it, I won’t mind.”
Kurami hugged her pillow while awkwardly shifting her gaze. “U-um… Cocould you sleep with me tonight?”
Upon seeing Fii’s satisfied smile, Kurami whose face had turned red
yelled:

“It, it’s not like that! I couldn’t sleep because I kept dreaming of Sora’s
memories! So, so what I wanted to say was, like how Sora holds Shiro – just
holding Fii’s hand will make me feel better… All this is Sora’s fault, OK?!”
“Fine, fine, it’s all Sora-san’s fault, so don’t be shy. Just like before, if you
have a scary dream, there’s no need to be courteous, just burrow into my
side of the bed, hmm?”
“I’ve already said it’s not like that, right!? Ugh, this is all Sora’s fault, why
do I have to deal with such things –“
Despite her constant swearing, she still got into bed under Fii’s constant
persuasion.
Just like that, Kurami lay on the bed with her back towards Fii, while Fii
laughed and said:
“Kurami, is there anything else you want me to do for you? Like singing a
lullaby, for example!”
“I just want you to stop teasing me and let me sleep.” “Really? Don’t you
want me to pet your head or hug you?” “……………. If Fii wants to do it, I
have no objections.”
“Yay~! Of course I want to do it, so let me pet your head for a bit, hmm!”
The touch of Fii’s hand made Kurami’s body gradually relax.
Kurami recalled previously when things happened – when she cried, Fii
would stroke her hair like this as well.
As a slave, being brought up at the Nilvalen household.
Despite Fii always standing by her side – there were a lot of painful
memories, memories that made her cry, make her feel like dying, but she
always told herself, she couldn’t immerse herself in self-pity. Kurami
frantically resisted the flow of tears until she was safely inside the covers of
her blanket – those times seemed so far away.
Now after coming into contact with Sora’s memories… Now when she was
no longer the one crying –
“Kurami… are you asleep?”
Fii softly asked – with a volume soft enough so as not to wake her up if she
was actually sleeping.

And it was Fii’s voice that prevented Sora’s memories from once again
resurrecting and keeping her awake.
“…Not yet, what is it?”
“Hmm~ if you can’t sleep, before you do, could you chat with me for a
while?”
“Of course, what do you want to talk about?”
Her casual words were at the same time spoken with a serious tone, and
Kurami curiously nodded her head, signaling Fii to go on.
“Kurami appears to completely trust Sora-san.” After which Fii
worriedly continued: “Honestly, this makes me worried…”
“…..”
“The memories that Sora-san passed onto you, are they his real
memories?”
- Sora had a Flugel by his side, so memory editing could definitely be
done through the power of the pledges.
Would he create fake memories and hand them over to Kurami just so he
could control her?

What Fii implied was this, but…
“It’s true that I may have been cheated, that is something Sora would do…”
Kurami smiled bitterly and continued.
“- Or at least, that’s what everyone seems to think.” Seeing Fii tilt her
head in shock, Kurami chuckled slightly.
“You should relax, the one that 「Thinks too highly of」 Sora – is not me,
but Fii.”
- A piece of his memories flashed through Kurami’s head.
Sora’s memories generally made others discomforted – but the one just now
was –
“Fii… do you know why the term 「Genius」 exists?” “…Eh?”
“It’s to make others admit that they are different from other humans.
Puppets refer to the people they do not understand as geniuses, those who
are praised are known as geniuses, while the reverse would be labelled as
monsters; and to most of them
– it is an insult.”
- Because they are different life forms from us, so not being able to
compare ourselves with them isn’t very surprising either.
Most people would admit this, then give up – but that puppet was different.
“Yes, he was really just a puppet.”
- He was merely normal (an idiot). “But he refused to
be just a puppet.”
- A genius that yearns for what lies before him (the real thing).
“So – he experienced things that makes one question how he still managed
to remain standing.”
Thus, Kurami in a state of being half-asleep and half-awake, traversed
through Sora’s memories.
To invent something that would allow something that was bound to the
ground to fly – how would one test whether the invention had worked or
not?

The answer would just be to try flying – to verify whether or not one would
crash, no matter how many times one crashed, even if your body and soul
were smashed to bits –
“… He would still stand up, cheerfully, and pretended as though nothing
had happened.”
Bleeding inside, clenching his teeth, he looked at his sister, then stood up
again.
Any characteristic we would typically expect in a genius did not exist in
him at all.
- It’s true, having a capable sister really is hard, Onii-chan.
“Sora – is extremely stubborn, so you could catch up to him – no, even
surpass him without any problem. He’s just at a level that’s definitely
attainable, as long as you are 「Human」. Just as he claims, he’s just an idiot.
Although he’s an idiot, he’s also the real thing, constantly pursuing what he
yearns for, constantly struggling - a normal… idiot.”
… As she said this, Fii’s hand was still gently stroking her head.
Kurami’s consciousness was also gradually fading.
“What he needs is just a little bit of – but to truly understand it is – a truth
hard to comprehend…”
As she was falling asleep, Kurami recalled what Sora had said during the
King selection games in Elkia.
- When it comes to contests and brutal fights to the death, we are veterans
way more experienced than you…
This line spoken by Sora seemed to overlap with one of his past
memories –
- Emptily gazing down at both of his hands that were covered in fresh
blood…
Merely wanting to be human –
A puppet’s memories – “…Really…too stupid…can’t even… tell a lie…”
“Kurami?”
… What replied to her call was merely the breathing of someone in a
deep sleep.

Still fondling Kurami who was muttering to herself in dreamland, Fii
began to think.
And, another thing – she gazed up at the ceiling, thinking about Kurami’s
unfinished sentence.
Fii remembered the face of the stupid man who according to Kurami was
unable to even tell a lie.
- Remembered the face of the man whose existence itself could almost be
substituted for the word “lie”.
The face that was always cocky and smiling, that made you go on full alert at
first sight of him –
“-Ah…”
At that time, Fii’s thoughts had finally run their course.
“So that’s how it is… 「The liar that can’t lie」…So it’s something like this,
hmm…”
The things that man had experienced, was enough for Kurami to think that
he had lived a tragic life, that sort of man Why – would he want others to feel apprehensive towards him?
The unease that Fii had been feeling for a long time suddenly disappeared.
The answer – the future that Fii, Kurami, Sora and others had all been
fantasizing about.
As her thoughts led her to reach a point of ecstasy, a small smile
gradually appeared on her face.
Immediately, a wave of sleepiness that she had not felt in a long while
came over her, and she closed her eyes.
- I can’t wait.
Carrying these feelings within herself, she had for a really, really long time –
for an unclear amount of years, even, not fell into such a deep sleep.

Chapter 1: Try
Part 1
“Waaaaaahhhhhh!!”
- The capital of the Elchean Federation, Elchea
The last fortress of the Imanity - The lowest-ranked among the 「Sixteen
Races」
Until a mere few months earlier, it was a country on the brink of extinction,
being forced down to its last city.
However now it had annexed the large maritime country, the 「Eastern
Union」, and was expanding its territory at a speed never-before-seen.
A sharp, loud scream of agony came from the capital of a nation that
was slowly turning from a 「Nation」 to a 「Federation」.
- In an instant.
The workers within the city that were extremely busy froze for a moment as
though time had stopped completely, but it was only for an instant, and they
soon resumed their work, seemingly as if nothing had ever happened.
Yep – it was a normal occurrence, and everyone there was used to it.
Everyone knew that 「That person」 was probably yelling again.
And the reason why that person was causing a commotion was probably due
to a reason as normal as it could get.
Sometimes a sympathetic atmosphere would billow over the entire city,
although everyone still had to return to their own workstations afterward.
“Argh!! Are you an idiot? You’re an idiot! You are an idiot, right!?”
The red-haired girl skilfully reconstructed her sentence thrice, and yelled
again.
- Stephanie Dora, commonly known as Steph.
She was the head of the Dora family, possessing the title of a duchess, and
she was the granddaughter of the late king as well, being a blue blood
princess.

She would definitely be a ladylike woman with incredible potential in the
future – however those features weren’t present at all at that moment, and
she had absolutely no way to explain away the situation she was in.
She sat on a chair, scratching her head furiously, looked up and roared
loudly.
“…Who’s an idiot, des?”
This query was raised by the Werebeast that was sitting cross-legged on the
floor beside Steph – Hatsuse Izuna.
Her age appeared to be in the single-digit range, being a young yukatawearing girl with huge fox-like ears and a bushy tail.
The book in her hand was upside-down, however Steph didn’t bother
correcting her.
“I mean Sora and Shiro, no, it’s me!! What did I say – leave it to me – argh!!
Am I an idiot? I’m an idiot!!”
She continued yelling with her arms spread wide.
“Find the real reason why the Seirens Empress is hibernating from the
library of the late king!! Leave it to me!! Isn’t this what an idiot would say!?
How many books do you think there are here!? And, what I want to say is!”
She stopped for a count, and surveyed the bookshelves that covered all
the surrounding walls.
“Why and how would I accept a task like searching for a book which
existence is unclear so easily!!”
They were in the secret room of the late king – his secret library.
The late king had played the role of a foolish king in order to research and
find out the contents of the games of other nations which involve magic or
supernatural abilities, as well as how the Imanity themselves could triumph
over them.
The records that he had spent his life on – the inheritance of this great
man, was all displayed in this room, covering the walls around them.
His great work was compiled in over a thousand books, completely
filling up the library.
Even though they were already arranged according to the date written –
there was yet to be any hint of when the late king had approached the

Seirens, so they could only inspect them one by one. Steph let out an
anguished cry upon realizing that was the task they had to undergo, which
was – what had happened earlier.
And the worst part was –
Steph pointed towards Izuna with a pained expression on her face but no
tears to fully express it – the Werebeast who was holding a book upsidedown.
“What the heck does Sora think Izuna can do? She can’t even understand
Imanity!!”
“Steph-kou, you’re really loud, des. Doesn’t it look like I’m learning now,
des.” [1] - What?
“C-could you please wait? What did you call me just now?” “…? Grandpa
said that Steph is a duchess before, des.”
“Why did you have to shorten it!? It makes me feel extremely insulted!” [2]
“…Why, des? Steph-kou.”
Izuna looked over at Steph with her head tilted.
“Ah, aaaaahhhhh, don’t insult me with your round, ignorant eyes!? If I open
the door to a new world by accident while sleep deprived, how are you
going to make it up to me!?”
Steph banged her head against the corner of a table in frustration,
however Izuna replied coldly:
“Steph-kou, stop it, let’s get to work, des. Grandpa is still waiting for us,
des.”
“…Guh…y-you’re right, there’s no use lamenting like this.”
Yes, her grandfather – Hatsuse Ino was being held hostage by the Seirens.
Izuna was tired as well, but even she was trying her best to learn the Imanity
language, so Steph had no right to complain – Steph took a deep breath in an
attempt to calm herself down.
After which she corrected Izuna.
“Speaking of which, Izuna…that book’s upside down.” “…! I-I knew that, des.
I-it was on purpose, of course. Des!?”

Izuna hurriedly flipped her book right side up, while Steph continued to
correct her.
“Also, even if you really didn’t mess up it’s fine, but the Imanity language is
different from the Werebeast language, it’s read horizontally!”
“-? There’s a difference between reading horizontally and vertically,
des?”
Izuna widened her eyes with a curious expression on her face. “…Izuna, I’ve
never asked you before, but how old are you?”
Izuna began counting off numbers from her fingers slowly after hearing the
question.
She replied with an unconfident question:
“I…I’m supposed to start counting from zero, right?” - Steph instantly
understood.
It was completely reasonable that Izuna would be so close to Sora and Shiro,
because they were essentially the same kind of people.
They were geniuses at video games, however they knew nothing else
other than that.
Steph sighed and passed her another book. “…Izuna, you
should start from this one.” “What kind of book is this,
des?”
“It’s a book that I used while I was still studying to learn the Werebeast
language, it’s in a game format between the two countries –“
“Oh, I understand, des.”
Upon hearing the word game, Izuna immediately snatched the book from
her and began flipping through it at a furious pace.
Steph approved of her newfound motivation, and knew she was actually
trying her best.
But if she read that fast she probably wouldn’t understand anything –
Steph looked up at the ceiling and let out a long sigh.
“A…anyway I need to search one by one –“

Just as Steph was undergoing her solemn revelation…
Grumble~~~~
She heard a noise and voice that made her revelation instantly dissipate.
“-Steph-kou, I’m hungry, des. Bring food, des.”
As though a switch within her had been flicked, Izuna spoke suddenly to
Steph and closed her book with a loud smack.
She was motivated, energetic, and wanted to save her grandpa. But despite
that, she actually said – bring food.
Izuna requested that with her huge round eyes that didn’t carry any
malicious intent.
The young female Werebeast scratched her large ears with her feet while
continuously waving her bushy tail from left to right.
Steph was forced to make a decision upon seeing her unbelievably
cute appearance.
One, forget everything and just collapse.
Two, make food for this inexplicably cute creature.
After struggling with herself for some time – her sleepiness finally
succumbed to Izuna’s cuteness.
“A-alright… you can’t do anything with an empty stomach anyway… I’ll
just make something simple to eat with the ingredients I have at hand.”
“Mm, I really want to eat fish, but I’ll restrain myself, you are forgiven, des.”
Just like that, Steph dragged herself slowly out of the library.
…Coming back to the main topic, you all still remember that this is Elchea,
right?
At that time Steph could have just collapsed without a care in the world and
leave Izuna’s meals to the chefs in the kitchen, however she had completely
forgot about this selection. Steph lifelessly trudged out of the library, while
Izuna followed her with her tail still waggling, and no-one bothered to
remind them about it.

Part 2
Let’s switch the scene – to twenty thousand meters in the air.
Sora began thinking at an altitude almost three times as high up as the
Himalayas.
How should he describe the scenery in front of him? - First, please
imagine a Rubik’s cube.
Then hand this Rubik’s cube that requires a certain level of intelligence
over to someone that is pretty far off from that certain level of
intelligence.
After being forcibly taken apart by a pair of pliers, the splinters of the Rubik’s
cube would then be splattered all about the floor.
Now resist the urge to complain, and repeat those previous actions about
a thousand more times.
So? Do you get it now?
The scenery was arranged in such a fashion – which was the scenery
around Sora.
“Welcome to my hometown located on the back of the Phantasmas,
the floating city – Avant Heim.”
With her back facing the small mountain of splinters of Rubik’s cubes.
Jibril introduced her 「City」 with a sweet smile on her face, while Sora
responded dumbly:
“Um, I’m pretty sure that all the cities I know of at least have roads in them.”
The scenery around them was knitted and woven with countless
gigantic cubes stacked upon each other.
In the eyes of a renowned artist, there would probably be some meaningful
theme to it.
However, regretfully, the eighteen-year-old mortal virgin Sora could only
describe it with one word.
Which was – chaotic.
“Anyway, Jibril – let me say this about the Flügel.”
“…「Unobstructed spaces」…are important…”

- Sora and others began working at the same time as Steph and Izuna.
To discover the true conditions to awaken the Empress of the Seirens – so,
in order to carry out comparison and evaluation with people that had
underwent the same game, they had went to the one place in the world that
stored the most information.
Which meant – the city of the Flügel, Avant Heim.
“Ah, Master, don’t stray too far away from me, as the air here is somewhat
thin.”
Sora and Shiro nodded complacently after hearing Jibril’s words.
Also Sora had absolutely no idea of how they should proceed from there.
“…Right, if only the Flügel stay here, there isn’t a need for public transport
services at all…”
In the 「City」 below them, there weren’t any doors, windows, nor roads.
To be honest, beings that could move about without any form of restriction
didn’t need those things. Although they could understand that, the fact that
the entire place was constructed with huge, countless cubes denied people
any sense of perspective, and since they had nothing to compare the place to
they couldn’t gauge how exactly big it was.
“…It’s not like a city…it’s more like a jigsaw puzzle…”
Shiro expressed her easily understandable thoughts, after which she
mumbled while looking up:
“…The sky is…blue?”
At twenty thousand meters up the place should be at the doors of outer
space, so they shouldn’t be able to see blue skies at all…
“Avant Heim is a Phantasma ranked second among the 「Sixteen Races」.
This race is ranked even higher than the race that is the source of the
Elemental Galleries in this world – the Elementals, and they are organisms
completely independent from all normal forms of reproduction. To put it
simply…
Avant Heim is another world entirely, that’s all you need to know.”
Even though the air in the atmosphere didn’t seem to be enough for her
Masters – Jibril still continued to explain.
“”Hmm…I see – I don’t get it.””

Sora and Shiro nodded as one with the same focused expression.
“No matter the Flügel or the Phantasma, you lot completely refuse to work
along terms comprehensible by others, and that for some reason makes us
feel relaxed.”
After a line of sarcasm, Sora looked towards the horizon, and saw something
under a particularly tall tree – could it be that his eyes were deceiving him…
probably not, there was something underneath that appeared to be a dragon
skull, and it was decorated lavishly and carefully as well, then left there in the
open just like that –
“…Jibril, I don’t understand the art direction of this city at all.”
“What!? This place will eventually be the throne of the Masters, to think
that you’d actually dislike it, it really makes me disappointed…”
Hearing Sora’s grumbling, Jibril replied somewhat dispiritedly.
“Speaking of which, you should probably save this girl right?”
Sora spoke while pointing towards –
“Aaaaahhhh, the sun! The sun! I’m going to melt! I’m going to melt, burn and
evaporate!”
Plum was crouching down with her body scrunched up into a ball and her
hood covering her face while crying continuously.
“Ah, I’m sorry… I completely forgot about you, are you still alive?”
“I’ll be dead in a few seconds! My power is decreasing drastically!!”
For a Dhampir like Plum the sunlight was fatal to them; and she appeared
to be barely fending off the sunlight with her magic, but that magic itself
seemed to be siphoning off even more of her energy.
“That’s it, Jibril, it’s not good to keep Izuna and Steph waiting, so just fly us
over to the place where all the information is concentrated. Also, for Plum, it
would be best if it’s indoors –“
“OK, so please grasp my arms, and then –“
She appeared somewhat nervous – but yet her expression was
simultaneously unreadable as well, and she grasped onto Sora and Shiro’s
arms and spoke:
“…Masters, I understand that it’s extremely rude for me to raise such
requests – but could you please agree to two requests of mine?”

“…What is it, it’s rare that you’re this serious.”
“- Please don’t be disappointed, and please believe.” …Sora didn’t
understand her at all.
And Jibril merely spoke this one sentence, then shouted: “That thing over
there.”
“Y-yes!?”
Plum who was referred to as “That thing over there”, replied with only her
eyes showing themselves from beneath her hood.
“I don’t mind leaving you behind here – so could you please hurry up?”
“Ah, I’ll be there right this instant, don’t leave me –“
Plum hurriedly stood up and dashed over, and in the instant she grabbed
onto Jibril – the scenery changed as well.

Part 3
There – it was probably within one of the cubes they had saw from a
distance earlier.
The place they were in was even more solemn and immense than the
Elchean National Library Jibril had hogged for herself
– it was a humongous library.
The high-perched ceilings appeared to stretch up to ten stories high, and the
interior was designed like an ancient ruin, with stone-made pillars and
stairs, intersecting corridors and curved walkways with intertwining vines
growing all over them.
And – those things that looked like 「Pillars」 were actually bookshelves.
On the other hand, there was random memorabilia scattered around the
entire place as well, and stairs and walkways arranged in impossible
fashions like a surrealist M. C. Escher painting were all over the place – and
what lit them up was, gigantic fixtures of painted glass that were definitely
not on any walls, as well as infinite amounts of floating lanterns.
It was a dream-like yet elegant place – but it was a blasphemous library
completely incomprehensible to the likes of the Imanity.
But leaving that aside for now, Sora spoke while pointing up at something:

“…Jibril, that was probably your doing, right?”
It was probably the effect of the large amount of air that Jibril had
transported for the sake of Sora and the others.
The library (of sorts) appeared to be ravaged by strong winds, and large
amounts of books were dancing about in mid-air in spiral patterns.
However Jibril looked over at that with a smile on her face and spoke:
“Don’t worry about it, Masters, the owner of this place is the creator of the
《Book Equality Law》.”
Sora looked up at the dancing books, and remembered why Jibril had took
over the Elchean National Library – or rather, the reason why she had left
Avant Heim.
Due to the fact that they had collected too many books, the books were
overwhelming Avant Heim – and they chose to deal with it by passing the
《Book Equality Law》 in the name of eliminating unnecessary books.
“Her books are the Flügel’s books, I am a Flügel, so her books are my
books.”
Her triple conjugations proved her Takeshi idealism, and she continued
with a smile on her face: [3]
“Even if this small accident here was caused by me – or was it on purpose? I
believe that she has to consider all these factors before she can 「Decide」,
but of course she is extremely kind and tolerant, being able to forgive my
mistakes, of course.
Even if there are books within the stash there that cannot be copied,
reproduced and are the only remaining copies in this world, that’s how it
is ♥”
So she could only damage those books because she owned them as well.
- Speaking of which, regarding the 《Book Equality Law》 from earlier,
Jibril really couldn’t forgive its existence.
After which –
“Aaaaaahhh~! The books! All the books I haven’t finished~~~~!!”
Everyone looked towards the source of this outcry. While the one
standing there was – “…Whoa…”

Even Shiro couldn’t help but cry out in awe, and the person standing there
was – an extraordinarily beautiful young girl.
The halo spinning around on her head, and the wings stretching out from her
waist suggested that she was a Flügel just like Jibril.
However the pattern drawn in the air by her spinning halo was even more
complicated than Jibril’s.
The largest difference between them was that she had a single horn
protruding from her jade-green hair.
Her wings that appeared to be woven from streaks of light flapped in the
air, and her appearance as she did so appeared unbelievably sacred.
But her appearance as she was flying about and struggling to collect all the
books that were flapping about in the air, as well as her expression that
hinted she was about to cry, was completely different from Jibril’s icy cold
demeanour when they had first met – instead she was extremely cute.
- Phew, phew…
She panted intentionally, then landed beside Jibril and spoke: “Ugh~ Jiichan you’re mean-nyan~”
A saddened expression appeared on her face which immediately
shifted to an angelic smile.
“Is this what I think it is-nyan? Is it those pranks that people play on their
loved ones-nyan? Aww~ Jii-chan I haven’t seen you in so long~~
nyaaaaa!?”
Jibril brilliantly teleported away in order to dodge her flying lunge
towards her.
Upon seeing her crash into a pile of books, Jibril spoke blandly from behind
Sora:
“- Masters, I’ll introduce her to you, she’s the one that approved the
dastardly 《Book Equality Law》, the head of the 「Council of the
Eighteen Wings」 of Avant Heim, the
「Full Representative of the Winged」 that has the right to make the final
decisions regarding the country’s affairs –“
She sighed and continued – “Azrael-senpai.”

- She introduced the motionless girl with half her body buried in books to
Sora.
…
“…How should I put this.” “The Flügel…are
interesting…”
That girl was the full representative of the race that was ranked in sixth
place, brought death with them wherever they went in the past, and used to
be god-killing weapons?
Sora and Shiro mumbled to themselves, having had their expectations
completely crushed.
- At this time, the young girl that was buried in the pile of books earlier,
maybe because she had teleported, she had already hugged Jibril tightly
while rubbing her violently with her cheeks over a span of time so short that
no-one present had noticed.
“Nyan~ Jii-chan is so mean~ I haven’t seen you for so long, but you’re still
as cold as ever~~~~ but! That’s fine too!!”
“Azrael-senpai is as annoying as ever as well.”

Jibril spoke with a smile on her face despite having her cheeks violently
jerked about.
- Although Jibril would usually reply sarcastically, this time she outright
insulted her, which was rare.
“Nyan~ I’ve said I’m not your senpai, call me nee-san, neeeeeesaaaaaannnn~~!!”
Azrael flew about in the air, drawing a figure-eight around Jibril.
“Jibril isn’t a particularly good case but is it really ok for the full
representative of the Flügel to be someone like this?”
“…Nii…you have the right…to say that?”
Shiro looked coldly at Sora, however everyone present ignored that line.
On the other hand, Jibril spoke coldly while being pestered, harassed, and
having her cheeks rubbed:
“Azrael-senpai, I gave a request for today, please allow the Masters to
browse the library –“
“I refuse-nyan~ unless you call me Nee-san, I’ll deny all your requests~ ♪”
Jibril replied in frustration:
“If you explain why you’re rubbing my cheeks, and allow the Masters to
browse the library, I’ll consider it.”
“Because Jii-chan is cute! Explanation over, and I’ve allowed them-nyan!!
Alright, now call me Nee-san ♥ -“
She spoke while lunging towards her, while Jibril teleported away from
her outstretched hand.
“So Masters, I’ve already acquired her permission, please browse this place
freely. This is the personal library of the 「Representative of the Winged」 ,
among which countless books have been acquired through the cursed law by
taking the books of others, so there’s not a single place with more
information than here.”
“Y-you’re mean!! Jii-chan went back on Nee-san’s promise with younyan~!?”
Azrael appeared devastated, and her voice was layered with immense
shock.
Jibril replied with a flawless smile once again.

“I said that I’d consider it, and after some consideration, I’ m not going to ♪”
“Waaaah~ Jii-chan never used to cheat others like this-nyan~
- and whose fault is this-nyan?”
- Glare~~~~
Her tear-filled eyes shot over to Sora.
The power in those eyes appeared as if that gaze alone could kill.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Sora, this is my sister Shiro, please take care of us.”
“…Take care…”
Those two completely ignored her gaze as they were used to it from Jibril.
Upon seeing their reaction, Azrael let out an interested “Oh?”, while Sora
pointed at Azrael.
“What does she mean by Nee-san? Jibril, you’re the sister of the full
representative of the Flügel?”
“Yes-nyan ♥”
“Nope ♪”
Both of them replied without hesitation – and with truly sisters-like smiles –
they replied with completely opposite answers. Jibril sighed and continued:
“The Flügel cannot reproduce, we have no sisters, no brothers and no
parents, there is only the order in which we were created.”
“…Ah, so that’s why you call her Senpai.”
Which means, she was a being created even earlier than Jibril.
“Also, Azrael is the 「Representative of the Winged」, not the
「Representative of the Flügel」.”
“…Is there a difference?”
“She’s merely the 「Senator」 of the 「Council of Eighteen Wings」 with
nine members, herself included.”
At this mention, Sora recalled what she had said earlier.
He remembered that before Jibril belonged to Sora’s posse, she was a
member of the 「Council of Eighteen Wings」.
“Basically she has the first say only when emergencies occur, and another
「Right」 -“

Which meant – Jibril shook her head and smiled bitterly.
“She’s not great nor brilliant, so you don’t need to respect her in any way.”
“…You’re really mean even to your own kind, huh, you really haven’t
changed at all…”
Probably because she was unhappy with her response, Azrael puffed up
her cheeks in rebuttal.
“That’s not how it is-nyan!! All of us were created by Artosh, so our father is
Artosh, and the earliest to be created was me, Nee-san! The last one to be
created, Jii-chan, is my imouto! Isn’t this an unspoken fact-nyan!?” [4]
Upon hearing her words, Jibril’s bitter smile turned into one of mockery, and
she continued:
“- She raised a suggestion like that during one of the meetings, which was
completely rejected by all of the members of the council, that’s how pitiful
her intelligence is.”
“Be~cause~ if I don’t do that, Jii-chan won’t ever call me Nee-san~
nyan~!”
“Everyone knows that, which was why they turned it down, unless you’re
telling me this is the first time you’re hearing of this?”
Jibril’s tone was as cold as ever, while Azrael hugged her once again and
began showing off her little sister with a smile on her face.
“Jii-chan she is~ among the children created in the Great War she is the
「Final Unit」-nyan ♪”
She laughed cheerily, while Jibril on the other hand sighed deeply in
frustration.
“The children created in the later stages, since they were created when
Artosh-sama was at full power, have a power that is completely
indescribable by children like me created during the middle stages of the
war-nyan~!! However~ the strong children were all fighting on the front
lines – so everyone died in the 「Final battle」…”
Azrael’s spirits momentarily dipped, and if the person she was hugging
happened to be an Imanity, that person would definitely burst like a balloon.
She continued while hugging her only surviving sister.
“Jii-chan is the only final-stage unit that survived after the 「Battle」, and
she’s the 「Final Unit」 as well-nyan!

She’s everybody’s imouto, and what a cute imouto she is-nyan! It should be
made a law to call her that, so why doesn’t everyone understand?”
She once again began flying about in figure-eight shapes cheerily.
Jibril squinting her eyes in disgust was a rare sight as well, but
–
“…Jibril…to deal with her…disturbing…precious recordings…”
Shiro spoke while lifting up her smartphone, and began taking a video of the
angels.
On the other hand, Sora was pondering another question. He closely
observed Azrael’s innocent and cheerful smile –
“…This is a pain, at this rate I’ll need to change the plan…” He mumbled to
himself disappointedly.
- Glare.
Hearing his softly spoken words, Azrael kept smiling – but then looked
towards Sora with a powerful gaze.
“- So, are you the one that snatched my beloved Jii-chan away from us-nyan?”
“Huh, to say a virgin snatched a lover from someone, your question is
pretty hard to answer.”
Sora replied indignantly, with his head lifted and chest protruding, at the
same time appearing dignified, tragic and powerful.
Azrael stepped closer. “Oh -….” “…Huh?”
It was impossible to react to that, as it was a step that ignored all boundaries
of distance.
The step itself took multiple instants before Sora and Shiro realized what
was happening, and they cried out in surprise.
- In that instant.
A silent shock emanated from Jibril’s body that caused the library to
quake.
Sora had initially suspected that she had used magic, however after hearing
what the two said after that –

“…Senpai, if you even so much as touch a hair on my Masters’ heads – I’ll just
say you might want to reconsider it.”
“Really now~ Jii-chan you don’t need to be so tense~ there are the 「Ten
Pledges」 anyway-nyan.”
- Sora realized, she had merely unleased a slight bit of 「Malicious
intent」.
Just how much did Jibril restrain her power under normal
circumstances –
As they got an extremely small glimpse of Jibril’s 「True power」, Sora
and Shiro felt cold sweat running down their cheeks.
And Azrael didn’t seem to mind that 「Slight malicious intent」, instead
she turned around to face Sora.
With those jade-green eyes – eyes that were impossibly different from
Jibril’s – she spoke while glancing at Sora:
“I wish to make something clear.” “- Yeah, what is it?”
- Her gaze this time, was completely incomparable to her gaze from earlier.
A sudden crushing sense of malice filled the room, causing the air in the
library to freeze, giving them the impression that the very universe itself was
being affected.
If they were to answer incorrectly – they would die immediately.
This world has the 「Ten Pledges」.
Jibril was awaiting their orders by the sidelines. - Despite this,
they were unable to relax.
Azrael’s gaze gave them that impression, after which she spoke:
“As long as you command it, Jii-chan will call me 「Nee-chan ♥」 rightnyan?”
…
…?
False alarm – no, Sora felt a sinking feeling that gave him the impression that
as long as he were to relax, his very soul would escape him.

The very reason why he was barely standing was because Shiro was
clutching his hand in fear.
However, Azrael ignored him and continued emotionally.
“E-even like she licked the feet of the E-Elves, she could like mine – or
shower with me or something! N-no, I won’t force her to do something like
that!! For example you could allow me to watch or something –“
- How could she have known that? Sora felt suspicious, however he
took out his smartphone from his pocket and replied:
“…If you want videos of Jibril showering, I have videos –“ “I’ll bet the Flügel’s
race piece for that! Give it to me-nyan!!”
- An impossibly loud sound could be heard in that twenty-thousand-foot
high altitude.
“Azrael-san, please calm down, you don’t have the right to do that. To bet the
race piece, you need to consult the decision of the「Council of Eighteen
Wings」 right? I think your request will be unanimously denied once again
♥”
“U-ugh~~…! – Nyan?”
Jibril’s tone of voice didn’t carry any sense of apprehension despite her
adding a small (giggle) at the end of the sentence, however Azrael –
“Wait a second-nyan… noises of gears rumbling are coming from my head!
My brain is currently working at light-speeds, it’s the most active it’s been
in my, Azrael’s twenty-six-thousand years-nyan!”
- Azrael let slip her incredibly long lifespan just like that while appearing as
though considering something.
Finally she raised her head up all of a sudden, seemingly having got an
idea.
“- Right-nyan!! You…your name is Sora right!?” “Ah, yes.”
“I’ll be your possession as well-nyan! My judgement dictates that if that
happens I can shower with Jii-chan!!”
“The worst idea you’ve had in twenty-six-thousand years, great job on
that hard work, Azrael-san.”
Jibril smiled a smile that couldn’t even be described with the adjective cold,
as it carried hints of disappointment as well, and she mocked Azrael.

However – Shiro glanced silently over at her brother.
Azrael had nonchalantly raised her personal freedom as a condition – just as
Jibril had said, she wasn’t the representative of the Flügel, and so even if
they were to acquire her, they wouldn’t acquire the Flügel race.
Although it would be no easy feat to play against the Flügel.
Azrael even hinted that she would 「Intentionally lose」, also it would be a
rather beneficial decision to have her as an asset.
Also her brother’s intention included absorbing the Flügel as well.
On this train of thought, Shiro looked over at her brother as though to
confirm her suspicions –
“…?”
She found that Sora had completely lost interest and had calmed down, after
which she looked over curiously at Azrael.
Her face still had that enchanting smile on it – an overly perfect smile.
“…Ah…” – understanding what her brother’s expression meant, Shiro
nodded slightly.
Sora sighed unexpectedly, turned around and walked away.
“…It’s rare of you to say such things, but this sort of thing should wait until
next time…”
“Eh~~… Jii-chan’s naked body –“
Azrael refused to give up, and Sora grasped Shiro’s hand and spat.
“…I bragged to Steph earlier that I would acquire three races, but now I’ll
have to apologize to her.”
Looking over at Azrael, Sora – glanced at her with a truly disappointed
gaze and said:
“- This one’s useless, Jibril alone is fine.”
Ignoring Azrael’s squinted gaze, Sora and Shiro proceeded to the mountains
of bookshelves.
“So Jibril, we can browse the books here right?” “…Yes, Azraelsenpai has approved of it.” Sora nodded and surveyed his
surroundings.

Books, books, books… it was a giant city made up of nothing but books.
And within his line of sight, he could see that on the back of countless books,
there was – writing of multiple languages he didn’t know.
“Since my original expectations were crushed, it looks like we’ll have to
tough it out… forget it, let’s try our best, Shiro.”
“…Mm.”
The two agreed and disappeared in the piles of books, while the two Flügel
watched them go in silence.

Part 4
Azrael sat cross-legged on one of the piles of books and put her head in her
hands.
“Mm~ I wanted to use myself as bait to get Jii-chan, could it be that the bait
was too big-nyan?”
She coldly revealed the reason why Sora’s expectations were crushed.
No doubt, Azrael’s thoughts were completely different from her
demeanour, as she didn’t believe nor trust Sora.
To get Jibril back, all she wanted them was to fall into her trap. - As for why
Jibril called them her Masters, she had no interest. “…You really haven’t
changed, Azrael.”
Azrael’s expression twitched slightly upon having her name called directly
like that, and she replied calmly:
“Jii-chan can even talk back to people such as me and Artosh-sama, so it’s
impossible that you would serve under mere Imanity-nyan. As long as it’s by
the pledges, sealing one’s intentions or making one a puppet should be easynyan. Anyway those two must have won by pure luck, so you’re being forced
to follow them, right-nyan? To be honest –“
She looked directly into Jibril’s eyes. “- Jii-chan has
changed.”
Jibril replied Azrael’s words with a cold smile.
“Yes, I have changed…whereas you can’t.”
“…”

“As for how I was defeated in that challenge, you have nothing to say –
my expectations were all for nothing.”
Jibril smiled faintly in betrayal, and continued coldly:
“…The reason why I defied my late Master (Artosh) and you, is because – I
just can’t take your personalities anymore – too stubborn, so…”
She hesitated slightly, should she say it? Or – Jibril decided to
go with it.
She knew Azrael would take offense more than anyone. Despite this – she
decided that she would tell her, so she did.
“Which is why we lost, and until now – you still won’t change.”
Hearing these words, Azrael’s smile completely vanished. To be honest –
Azrael’s expression was like a cold puppet.
No, it was a completely different existence with Azrael’s appearance –
and it spoke:
“- 「Final Unit」, hast thou discovered the 「Answer」?”
Jibril looked at that existence with a gaze of pure hate, and she spoke to it,
almost spitting her words:
“- Yes, or more correctly, I found it long ago, it’s just that I didn’t have
concrete evidence.”
“…”
“So now I must help the Masters find what they need, so – that’s it.”
Jibril turned away, leaving behind the silent existence. - …
“…What do you think-nyan?” - You had to ask.
“…Yes-nyan, but what if you’re wrong?”
- You don’t have to ask, you know already. “…That’s rightnyan…”
- 「First Unit」, I completely trust in your decision, not just me, but
everyone else.
“I know, nyan…”

I know… she told herself that repeatedly.
Azrael was speaking in reply to – the will of the Phantasma (Avant Heim)
residing within her.
Azrael merely looked at the people who were searching through the
books –
She could only ask again when they made a move.
Part 5
“…No, we won’t make it at this rate.”
Standing before a gigantic pile of books, Sora realized that their efforts
were futile after a mere half-hour.
“Shiro, how many languages of this world have you learnt?” “…Only…the
Imanity, Werebeast and Elven languages…”
Shiro mumbled nonchalantly, and Sora caressed her head lovingly.
For Sora who could barely learn the Imanity language, that stunning
learning pace just simply couldn’t be described with 「Only」.
But, despite that –
“Jibril, which languages are these?”
“It’s the Dwarven and Demon languages, I can vaguely understand
them…”
…Right, the only one that could understand all the books there would be
Jibril.
Even though Shiro could learn foreign languages at incomprehensible
speeds, the books here alone were in the millions, so relying on this few
people to search for information here would be impossible, which was
obvious from the very start.
“…Jibril.”
“Yes.”
“There’s no time, if we take too long, Ino’s life will be in danger. Even if we
have a lifeline, if the Seirens think we’re genuinely running away, we’ll be in
big trouble – can’t you get some help?”

They had no time to sit here and slowly gather information, as they needed
to challenge the Empress once more as soon as possible.
Because of that – Sora had originally intended to rely on Azrael to
gather help –
However his hopes were crushed as soon as he realized Azrael didn’t have
any intention of the sort.
The expression Sora saw on Azrael’s face, wasn’t that of a knowledgeable
Flügel – nor was it something like Jibril’s who was a collective of both
curiosity and intelligence, nor was she a trigger-happy person.
It – was only –
“…I can get help, but I fear it may not be what you’re expecting.”
Yes, that would be Azrael’s intentions, but –
“There’s no other way, so let’s do what she wants since we don’t have the
time to just sit here – Shiro.”
“…Mm.”
- Sora made a once-in-a-blue-moon fidgety gesture – he nibbled on his
fingernails, and Shiro replied as well.
“- Since your original expectations were crushed, we can only adapt to the
situation at hand, so we’ll need you to cooperate.”
“…OK…”
Part 6
“Hey, Azra…el?”
Sora decided to call upon Azrael, but froze momentarily instead.
- Probably because she had turned the scenery in the Eastern Union or the
things within her knowledge into reality.
She was just like the Japanese hikikomoris Sora knew – which included Sora
and Shiro themselves – exactly like that, she was buried in a kotatsu-like
thing, with her head covered within a blanket, staring at a projector
(television) that had only static on it –
“…What is it-nyan…? What is it so important that you have to bother
someone useless like me-nyan?”

What a waste of energy – Azrael made the surroundings on her appear dark
and gloomy in an attempt to accentuate her sadness.
Faced with her overly exaggerated acting skills, Sora instead felt
admiration, after which he spoke with a deadpan expression:
“- Ah~ um, you know about the hibernating Empress of the Seirens right?”
“Nyaaaaa…that idiot that was influenced by fairy tales and pushed two races
including herself to the brink of extinction in
the span of a single generation, leaving even the shellfish speechless?
Everyone knows-nyan~…”
Azrael replied under her blanket.
- While looking at her halo that was spinning about above her blanket, Sora
continued while experiencing indescribable feelings:
“Y-yes, that’s her, we’re looking for the records of the conditions she
set before starting her game.”
“…If that’s you want, Jii-chan knows as well-nyan! It’s 「She will continue
hibernating as long as she hasn’t fallen in love」-nyan.”
“Yes, but – that’s fake.”
Hearing her words, Azrael’s eyes lit up with a sharp glint as though
forgetting her previous depressed act.
“Oh! Is that why everyone lost-nyan? So what’s the actual conditionsnyan?”
- That fellow was a Flügel after all.
“That’s what I want to know, so I’m looking for all available records of
people that have carried out games with her, and the exact words the
players were told for comparison.”
“Oh~….”
Azrael stared into space for a moment, after which she replied coldly:
“About that, if you’re looking for records, they’re placed in a certain
somewhere, look for it yourself, and I’ll inform you again if you have a
definitive goal.”
But – no doubt, she was different from Jibril.

“Yes, but there’s too many books, we don’t have time, so where are all the
related records –“
“I don’t know at all-nyan! Ahahahahaha~”
…
“Because of the 《Equality Law》-nyan~ After lending those books out
countless times, even I don’t know where they are-nyan~♪”
“Do you understand now? Master, this is exactly why I left my hometown.”
Probably because she had forgotten she was supposed to be acting
depressed, Azrael laughed cheerily while Jibril was completely solemn.
“…Since you all live to collect books, you should at least keep them
properly…”
“Hmm? That’s wrong-nyan, our aim is to collect 「Knowledge」, 「Books」
are actually nothing to us-nyan. I even think that as long as we can memorise
the contents of the books, throwing them away is fine as well; but since the
people
who haven’t read them would be angry, we didn’t do that-nyan~”
“Do you understand now? Master, this is exactly it! The reason why I
left my hometown.”
Jibril smiled a smile that indicated she would strike at any moment as
she explained to Sora once again.
- Sora now understood, all she was focused on was
「Knowledge」「As for what that meant」…Sora couldn’t restrain his laughter, however
he didn’t bother explaining it, and instead asked Azrael:
“So, what should I do?”
“Hmm~ just let the people that are in charge of the books’ locations to search
for them! There are some others that are just as close-minded as Jii-chan, so
as long as they’re willing to, you should be able to get all of them-nyan~”
“Mm, so I’ll leave it to –“ “I’m not in the moodnyan~”
Seemingly wishing to appear sad once again, Azrael spoke while burying
herself under the blanket once more:

“I can allow my cute imouto’s toys to wander about everywhere, but I have
no obligation to take care of you all. I have no value in being your
companion, and even Jii-chan
called me an idiot, so I’m very depressed now-nyan~ I’m very hurt-nyan~
So I don’t want to do anything-nyan~”
Sora slowly passed her his phone.
“Even if I show you videos of Jibril in the shower?” “----------No.”
“If you agree now, I’ll throw in the offer of her calling you 「Nee-san」
then?”
“---------------------------N…no deal.”
Azrael replied while sweating furiously, as though she was engaging in
mortal combat with something.
She squeezed out her words while breathing heavily, seemingly undergoing
some brutal training.
“I-I’m very~~ hurt now-nyan – something like that… ah, no, I’m not
dismissing Jii-chan as something beneath me-nyan! It’s just that I’m too hurt,
so I need something more than that – um, you should know…what I mean
right?”
Cheh – Sora grumbled silently.
He saw that amongst Azrael’s deception and lies – only her devotion to
Jibril was real, which was the reason why he played his trump card but to
no avail.
At this rate, his actions would be limited.
Facing an opponent such as the Flügel? Having the opponent have the
upper hand in a game still yet unknown to them? – What a joke.
“- To be honest, I don’t care what happens to you, so if those stupid fish,
mangy mutts and bald monkeys want to go extinct just let them, at the most
we’ll just get a few more books describing their downfall-nyan. For me, it’s
advantageous-nyan.”
Her gaze fell upon Sora.
“To someone immortal like me…people like you who die in the blink of an
eye don’t even deserve the value of a 「Fairy tale」. You want me to help?
Why do I have to-nyan?”

- But he couldn’t let her have the upper hand, as if she did it would be all
over.
If Azrael insisted on playing mind games – bring it on.
“So that’s how you really are, which is why I said you’re useless, can’t you
even detect my mockery? 「Dead man」.”
Sora replied with determination but at the same time in pride – and hearing
his words, Azrael’s expression changed.
“A tool used by no one, a puppet with no value, I’ll assume that’s a pretty
enjoyable life you’re living there.”
“-…”
“It’s fine, since when we’ve taken over the world, people like you would
definitely say something like 「Please allow me to join」 right? Because you
all only know how to follow along with where the wind blows. Jibril, we’ll
think of a way ourselves, so let’s go find your friends one by one –“
Sora stood up and turned to leave.
“…You dare to pick an argument with me, don’t tell me you’re running
away now?”
- She took the bait, Sora smiled to himself.
“Argument? Hah! Only equals can argue with each other.”
“Oh… I didn’t think that you’d be so self-conscious about it, you’re worthy of
some commendation after all.”
“- The one that’s on the lower rank is you of course, did you get up on the
wrong side of the bed today? Airhead.”
“….Very good-nyan, who’s afraid of who-nyan.” After which she
raised her hand and announced.
“「Kill and plunder for the things that you desire, for that is tantamount to
the decree of heaven」-nyan!”
…
-…Hearing her extremely crass words, Sora and Shiro half-closed their
eyes.
“…What kind of words are those…?”

“Ah, Masters, that’s a Flügel idiom so it’s fine if you don’t know it.”
“No, that’s not what I meant.”
“Not an argument – but we’ll play a game-nyan, it’s just that –“
Ignoring Sora and Jibril’s conversation, Azrael snapped her fingers.
“「All of us」 will play a game together with Jii-chan’s friends that you’re
looking for, then you can ask for their help.”
- In an instant.
Everyone present was teleported with a force that even Jibril couldn’t
resist.
And what they saw after the scenery had changed was –
- A long banner with the words ‘Kuuhaku「」 Autograph and Handshake
Fan Meeting’ written on it.
Countless Flügel were setting up the place – “…We were
tricked -!!”
As almost a hundred gazes fell upon them simultaneously, Sora understood
instantly.
- She merely pretended to be provoked – which means, he lost in the mind
games department.
But, as compared to this, the gazes that were upon him nearly made Sora
and Shiro black out.
However – the questions that were festering in his mind caused him to stay
conscious.
It was a card that none of them had expected.
Although since Sora had already shut his ears and was prepared to faint, he
didn’t hear any of it.
It was probably the sound of a girl yelling for help, and the sound
covered the entire area like an explosion.
Under the countless approaching gazes, Sora asked in a trembling
voice:
“Hey, Jibril, what…is this? What is this-aaaaahhhhh!”

Sora yelled while frantically hugging Shiro whose eyes were already
rolling up into the whites, while Jibril clapped her hands once and replied:
“Ah, I forgot, in order for them to deal with the Eastern Union, I took the
Masters’ 「Bible (Observation Diary)」and passed it to them, in order for
faster transmission of information –“
Jibril giggled and continued:
“I even gave them complimentary autograph vouchers, handshake
vouchers, date vouchers and sleepover vouchers, don’t forget all the
various and dream-like special items –“
“Don’t use that sort of dirty methods!! Like that even if repeated buyers
increase, the buyer penetration rate wouldn’t increase, right!?”
“…I see, I wanted to say that we would sell a large amount of copies but
there seems to be an eerily small amount of people here, so that’s the reason.
Next time I’ll think of an even more profitable method – or rather, a more
effective way of passing information.
Jibril’s face was full of determination, and she began furiously writing down
stuff on a notebook, however Sora continued:
“Wait a minute Jibril! You have to report to me when you’re doing things
like this!!”
- No wonder Azrael knew a suspiciously large amount of information
regarding them.
But since the reason for that was due to their own comrade, how were
they supposed to win at their mind games?
To make it clear, the hundred Flügel present there were all Sora and Shiro’s
「Fans」.
Looking over at them once more, Sora almost fainted again, however Jibril
smiled –
“No problem, Masters, you’ve won this time.”
“Huh? What?”
- Jibril

spoke

while

looking

sharply

“~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”
“~~~~~~~~~~~”
“~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

over

at

Azrael.

“~~~~~~~~”
- That was probably the Flügel language.
The two of them were conversing in a language that Sora and Shiro couldn’t
understand.
But for some reason –
The hall that was filled with a woman’s screams of help since earlier…
The atmosphere suddenly changed, and what replaced it was a suffocating
silence.
“- Um~ Jibril-san? I have a bad feeling about this, what are you guys talking
about?”
“Ah, sorry Master, we’re done talking so I’ll tell you now.” Jibril turned
around.
“Just as Azrael-senpai said, we’ll recruit these people’s help to find our
information.”
Jibril spoke with a smile on her face to the trembling Sora and Shiro.
“Essentially speaking, we just have to defeat all of them in a game ♪”
“Jibril, do you know how much effort we put into just defeating you alone
– who can beat such a large amount of Flügel?”
“…Shiver.”
The two were demophobic and anthropophobic in the first place…
Not to mention that they had to face off almost a hundred Flügel in
Materialization Shiritori, so they would definitely not be able to survive.
Just imagining it – made Sora and Shiro’s faces pale in fear.
“No, that means 「Defeating all of them at once」, luckily the opponent’s
demands aren’t that huge.”
“Yep, you just need to play against everyone here-nyan.”
“If you win, everyone will help you collect the books that you’re looking
for. If you lose, I’ll let the Masters choose whether you want the autograph
or handshake events. These are the conditions we set down earlier.”
Damn –

The hall was filled with women’s voices crying for help once more, and
Sora and Shiro were at the verge of fainting.
“Jibril…do you want us to die…?”
“…Jibril…we…trusted you…”
The siblings were trembling non-stop like newborn deer. “Please relax
– the Masters won’t lose, and –“
Jibril looked over at Azrael. Azrael clapped her
hands once.
“We can’t possibly play Shiritori with this many people, so let’s play - 「Red
light, Green light」.”
“- Jibril, let me ask you again – do you want us to die?” “…Tremble.”
Playing red light, green light against the Flügel?
They could fly and teleport freely, so if there was a place beyond their
grasps…
That was basically hinting at 「The afterworld」. While Azrael
cut off his train of thought.
“But the normal version of red light, green light is too boring-nyan, so –“
“In conjunction with the nature of the Flügel – we’ll use a 「Word Game」
to play it.”
Jibril raised up her palm as she said this. On her raised
palm, just like a vortex –
Forty-six characters woven from light appeared on it.
Sora knew those characters – those were the forty-six – katakana.
Jibril threw those characters over to Azrael.
“Hmm~? Are these the letters of your world? Are there consonants?”
Azrael closely pondered the characters, then began moving her hand about
in a complex fashion.

- Although Sora couldn’t detect magic, the ground began to shake about
as if something was hoisting it up from underneath, so they guessed that
there was a gigantic spell being activated.
“Alright, I’m done-nyan, so let’s get started-nyan?”
As she said this, the katakana – the forty-six characters from ア
(a) to ン (n), on Azrael’s hand – converted to light…
And they dissolved simultaneously, automatically distributing themselves
individually amongst the hundred Flügel females.
After ensuring that all the characters were assigned, Azrael then said:
“The rules are simple, I have just transported the characters to a certain
location on each of the women present.”
- Forty-six characters, and with the participants almost entering the
hundreds, there was no way to tell who had which characters.
“The game is Red light, Green light, so for your convenience I’ve specially
banned teleportation from being used within the game.”
- After that…
“If you both get caught by these children you lose, and if you manage to
evade them for an hour it will be considered a victory.”
“As long as you touch the shifting characters – that is if you manage to do it
while not getting caught, the characters will be transferred to the Masters.”
Jibril spoke with a smile on her face as if to continue Azrael’s explanation.
As she finished, she threw two characters over to Azrael. “When characters
combine they become 「Word Spirits」.”
Azrael raised her hand as an example, and the two letters - 「コ (ko) 」
and「タ (ta) 」, began spinning around on her wrist, and she said:
“After you touch the 「Word Spirits」, their meanings will become reality –
no matter whether it’s a concept or an object, you can even shift their states
at will.”
“”Oh.””
In the instant that she said that, Sora and Shiro – saw the future.
Azrael combined the two characters in her hand – and then –

“- Nyaaaaaahhhhhh what is this, it’s disgusting aaaahhhhhh!!
Nyaaaaahhhhh!!”
A gigantic - 「OctopusTa•ko」[5]materialized and its tentacles
wrapped around –
The future Sora and Shiro saw became reality, meanwhile Azrael rolled
around on the floor while yelling.
“Ah, Senpai you really are something, what with combining characters of a
language you don’t know to entertain us.”
Jibril laughed coldly beside her, while Azrael probably genuinely felt
disgusted.
In an instant – with a huge boom, the space about them exploded and the
squid disappeared along with the characters.
“J-just like that, nyan?”
Sora and Shiro looked at her speechlessly with their eyes half open, while
Azrael pretended as if nothing had happened.
“You can turn the meanings of the words into reality-nyan, no matter
whether it’s a thing, a phenomenon or a concept, it will appear just the samenyan.”
“Also, since Senpai didn’t know what the words I passed her meant, what
materialized was my impression of the words that I passed to her. In the
actual game, the ones that can use the 「Word Spirits」 are the Masters
alone ♪”
“…”
She replied cheerily and nonchalantly, confessing that she had played a
prank on Azrael.
However Azrael didn’t seem to mind either, and she coughed and
continued:
“But – once the words are used once they will disappear, so I suggest that
you use them carefully-nyan!”
-…
“The explanation’s over, do the Masters have any questions?”

“A lot – such as how we run away, if you don’t know this by now I’ll tell you.
Humans can’t fly.”
“Tremble.”
“…I apologize, Masters, I was originally going to help out – but I cannot
participate in this time’s game.”
Her two Masters appeared surprised, while Azrael laughed and said to them:
“If you wish to borrow Jii-chan’s strength it won’t be considered as a
competition-nyan, since no one will be able to catch you. It was already very
generous on our part to allow you to use the 「Word Spirits」, so –“
Azrael giggled and…
“The Dhampir hiding over there, please lend them your wings.”
…She looked over to the side. - Just like that.
Plum was dragged out into plain sight as her invisibility spell was crushed
like glass.
“…Eh? E-eh~~~~~~!? W-why was I noticed!?”
“…You really are something – your presence was erased to a notable degree.”
- Even Sora and Shiro had forgotten her existence, and Jibril spoke
respectfully.
Azrael stood beside Jibril and asked Plum:
“Hey, even if you’re a useless species that can’t even be compared to a
mosquito, if you put your back into it, there shouldn’t be a problem in
creating a spell that gives the user wings right-nyan?”
- Azrael asked her question in a disrespectful tone even more prideful than
a god’s.
On the other hand, Plum replied boldly despite trembling in fear of death.
“E-eh~~ i-if you want me to let them fly at a speed of a Flügel that
would be impossible… The force of the shock would disintegrate not
just them, but me as well, also my power is running out –“
Azrael continued to smile.
“If you’re tired you can just extract body fluids from those two-nyan!”
“I will dedicate myself to create wings for you two!”

Plum’s attitude changed faster than the speed of sound, and she bowed
respectfully at the both of them, however –
“No, wait a minute, why do we have to agree to this –“ …As Sora was about
to say that, he stopped at Jibril’s gaze. - Please don’t be disappointed, and
please believe –
He saw the girl that had told him that sincerely with an expectant yet
disappointed gaze.
And, as he shifted his gaze, he saw the empty girl who was like an
uninhabited shell, who was smiling but looked like a dead person.
“Kill and plunder for the things that you desire, for that is tantamount to
the decree of heaven – that’s the kind of 「Game」 it is-nyan?”
“…”
The uneasy gaze with a soul residing within it, and an empty puppet-like
smile.
What Sora saw there was – a scene exactly the same as earlier
– but…
- Game, this word made Sora and Shiro’s eyes light up, and their brains
cooled down at extreme speeds.
Rules, victory conditions, and Azrael’s intentions, all those things swirled
about and combined themselves at furious speeds within their heads.
“…Nii.”
Shiro who was doing the exact same thing appeared noticeably uneasy,
however Sora nodded his head at her, and told her – I know.
It was a noticeably different 「Game」 than they had taken part in
previously.
The game would have to end before it began.
Kuuhaku「」 followed this golden rule, however this game was –
It was a game challenged by the opposition, a game that they had not taken
into account for, which meant that it was a game where the opponent had
the upper hand.
It was also a game with undisclosed conditions that were hidden in the
Flügel language.

It was also a game with rules intentionally prepared to be
disadvantageous towards them.
This game was too dangerous, too suspicious, they didn’t have enough
information, so they shouldn’t be agreeing to it at all.
“…Masters…please, please believe me.”
Within her wavering gaze there lay a preparation to even receive
punishment.
But – it was also a gaze that completely believed that Sora and Shiro would
win, and it was with that in mind that Jibril had prepared the game.
“- Let me confirm the conditions.”
Sora glanced over at Jibril, and asked with his mind completely calm.
And Shiro who was looking up at him uneasily since earlier, upon seeing
Sora so decisive, decided to follow along with his decision.
The uneasiness in her eyes vanished, and she merely concentrated
in order to sharpen her thinking.
Just like that, Sora and Shiro ignored Jibril who closed her eyes in a gesture of
gratitude beside them.
The two began deducing all the things they needed to take into
consideration – their brains spun about violently, pondering this game
which they had not anticipated earlier, even anticipating things that they
wouldn’t be able to anticipate beforehand.
“- First, Shiro and I will have to hold hands throughout the entire game,
and this is a definitive condition.”
“…Let Plum make…wings.”
“Yes, Shiro and I will each have one side of a pair of wings that will move
according to our thoughts, this is a definitive condition.”
“…Plum…you can do it…you have to do it.”
Shiro’s sentence turned from a question to an order, and Plum replied with
her head drooped low in sadness.
“Eh, that…? T -that will be an extremely complex spell, if possible I don’t
–“

“I don’t care what the shape is like, but over the course of that period I will
permit you to lick off my sweat.”
“Leave it to me!! I will show you the true power of the Dhampirs –
hah!!”
She replied with a completely unnecessary burst of energy.
In an instant Plum’s wings turned blood-red, and complex patterns
appeared within her eyes.
Plum began conjuring a particularly complicated spell, and changed her
appearance into –
…A scarf.
The scarf billowed in the wind gently, and landed on Sora and Shiro’s necks.
Sora and Shiro were connected to each other like two people under a single
long scarf.
“P-phew…I-I disguised my existence on the physical plane…!! A-at this
rate…t-the two ends of the scarf…should have the capabilities of a pair of
wings -!!”
Just as the first time she had met Sora, she did the same thing to their
luggage as well, and Plum transformed herself into a flying scarf.
In that atmosphere where even the Flügel expressed their admiration,
Sora could almost see Plum puffing out her flat chest in pride.
- Although she was panting heavily.
The scarf connecting Sora and Shiro’s necks spread out at its two sides…
It drew a pattern in the air of blood trickling, and wove itself into wings.
Sora nodded…
And asked the remaining question:
“- After which… transform Avant Heim into a place where Shiro, Plum and I
can move about freely without restriction. Also, even though we have wings,
we don’t know how to use them, so I request that after we leave – the game
will only start five minutes after…do you have any problems with that?
Shiro.”
“…Mm, no problem.”
- At this time all of them took a deep breath, and it wasn’t because the two of
them had experienced such a drastic change in character…

Instead it was because he had only requested five minutes of extra time.
“There’s no problem right?”
Jibril turned around and asked Azrael and the Flügel crowds behind her.
Using a never before used power, with a measly forty-four characters as
weapons, the Imanity would have to avoid the onslaught of a hundred
Flügel.
If they could do it – all of them swallowed their saliva at once.
“…Mm, there’s no problem-nyan, although I feel it’s a bit too lenient-nyan…”
Azrael spoke, appearing to be the only one that hadn’t grasped the situation.
Her fingertips shifted gently – after which a giant explosion occurred.
“- I’ve already turned Avant-kun (Avant Heim) into a place befitting of your
conditions – so now we can begin right?”
Azrael dismissed rewriting the appearance of another world entirely as
though it were as easy as drawing a sketch.
She snapped her fingers once more, and the walls began shifting
silently – and a gigantic hole appeared.
…From the hole in the wall, the entire city of Avant Heim could be seen.
Maybe because Azrael had shifted the position of the sun, or simply
because some time had passed, it was night-time outside.
There was no sunlight, which made it an optimal environment for Plum.
They stuck their heads out of the gap to examine the conditions outside –
Sora and Shiro grasped each other’s hands tightly.
The scarf on their necks that was being blown about in the wind – they could
sense that Plum was resisting the urge to say something.
They couldn’t see anything done below.
However they felt a sensation as if their bodies were going to be swept away
in the wind, which meant that it was at extremely high altitudes.
“So – now let’s begin the game with the two Master against all the Flügel
present.”
Behind Sora and Shiro, Jibril announced respectfully.
And behind her there were the gazes of almost a hundred Flügel.

Despite this – once they were to enter the game, those gazes wouldn’t be
able to affect Sora and Shiro’s thoughts any longer.
“This is the map of this version of Avant Heim.”
Shiro took one look at the map that was flapping about in the wind and
nodded.
While Jibril took a step back and bowed deeply. “…Masters,
thank you.”
“To be honest I’m not confident at all, but… we believe in you, so you better
not let us down!”
“…It’s natural…to care about family.”
Jibril and Sora and Shiro were engaged in a conversation only the three of
them could understand –
“”-「Aschente」-!!””
As Jibril and everyone else raised their hands and yelled this single word:
Sora and Shiro leaped out of the hole in the wall.
In an instant, gravity took hold of the both of them, which was a force no
human body could resist.
Along with the strong winds outside, the two slowly – descended at
an increasing speed.
They couldn’t see what was beneath them, but whatever it was there could
only be one outcome – death.
When faced with this they were impossibly not uneasy nor scared –
why? Sora couldn’t help but smile bitterly.
“…Nii…”
Hearing his sister calling out for him, Sora looked to the side, only to see
that the other side of the scarf – had a single wing growing out of it.
Sora confirmed that there was another similar wing on his back through
Shiro’s gaze.
“…Let’s go…”
- Yes – Sora smiled, they couldn’t possibly feel uneasiness nor fear.

They grasped each other’s hands, and flapped their wings together as
one.
With a force even more powerful than an eagle’s – they broke the shackles of
gravity.

Chapter 2: Fail
Part 1
At the same time – within the capital of Elkia, inside the late king’s library.
“…Kou…Steph-kou, I’m hungry, des.”
Steph slowly regained consciousness as she was being violently shook
by someone.
She who was originally slumped onto a table and drooling suddenly stood
up and frantically surveyed her surroundings.
“- Eh!? Huh? Strange, when did I fall asleep!?”
“You fell face-first onto the table immediately after you finished eating,
des. I thought you were dead, des.”
- So she apparently had eaten her meal and filled her stomach then –
「Fainted」.
“W-what time is it now…?”
Steph folded up the coat – that was apparently placed there by Izuna – on her
back, and asked sleepily.
After which she heard a cute rumbling sound.
Izuna placed a hand on her stomach, then looked up at Steph and said
sincerely:
“About six hours after you ate, des.” “…What a cute
clock.”
The last time they ate was about two-o-clock at night – which meant it was
morning now?
There were no windows in the library so the sun couldn’t get in, but by
then the streets were probably beginning to fill up with activity.
“Steph-kou, Steph-kou, let’s eat, des.”
Izuna dragged one of Steph’s sleeves and requested for food, while Steph
replied:
“Ah…you’re right…so I’ll make breakfast then…huh?”

Suddenly Steph spotted a huge pile of books next to where Izuna was
sitting.
“Izuna, what is that?”
“…? Aren’t they books, des.”
“No, that’s not what I meant – why are they there?” “…Obviously
because I read them, des.”
“- Huh? I thought Izuna can’t read the Imanity language…!?” “I said that I
would learn it, des. So I learnt it, des.”
It can’t be – Steph’s eyes widened.
Steph had passed her a book containing games comparing the Werebeast
and Imanity languages – a textbook for the Werebeast language.
Relying on that book alone, she learnt the Imanity language while she
herself was sleeping, and even read such a large amount of books -?
- She was terrible at anything other than games, so conversely, as long as it’s
a game –
Upon realizing that she not only had learnt the language in such a short span
of time, but also that she had read even more books than she did, Steph’s
hairs couldn’t help but stiffen in shock.
“…No wonder she’s always so close to Sora and Shiro.”
Sora and Shiro had made her forget this fact, and now Steph recalled it.
Hatsuse Izuna, this child, this Werebeast girl that was even younger than
Shiro.
- She competed against Kuuhaku「」, and even lost only by a tiny bit, so her
skills were definitely the real thing.
However…
“…Izuna, when was the last time you slept?” “…Huh? …I-I ate five
meals, so… hmm~… des?”
Izuna started counting with her fingers, then suddenly appeared confused.
Black heavy eyebags were gathering underneath her eyes, which meant
that she hadn’t slept for quite a period of time.

- Upon closer thought, that was reasonable.
Even if it was the「Real thing」, it couldn’t just come naturally.
Izuna had struggled without sleeping to – learn the Imanity language, and
she had read this many books as well.
“…Sorry, Izuna, I’m the only one who slept.”
“Steph-kou, it’s fine, des. A piece of trash is a piece of trash after all, if it
wants to sleep it sleeps, des.”
Steph smiled at Izuna’s overexerting manner.
She had found a sliver of hope amongst this never-ending assignment and
Steph patted her own cheeks to wake herself up.
Anyway, she had to prepare a meal, and then – just as she was exiting the
library –
“…? Izuna, in what order are you reading these books?”
She realized the books on the floor were probably selected for some reason
or other.
“I selected the ones that have a nice smell, des.”
- Izuna said this incomprehensible statement with a matter-of-fact
expression on her face.
Suddenly, Steph became interested in the titles of the books on the floor, so
she held one up for a look.
Because they were – books related to where Sora and Shiro currently
were.
“-「The Flügel, the weapons of a dead Master」… why are you reading this?”
Steph recited the words written in the writing of her grandfather –
the late king.
Izuna sniffed it and replied:
“There’s the smell of Sora and Shiro on it, des. They read it about a month
ago, des.”
“Those two read this…?”
- On the beach after their return from Oceande.

Sora announced that he would proceed to Avant Heim and acquire three
races.
As for the methods he would use – as usual – Steph never heard him
mention them. She flipped open the book.
A month ago – which means, they read it before they attacked the Eastern
Federation –
Steph read the contents of the book that were, as for all the other in the
books in this room, written by her grandfather.
「The Flügel – in the ancient great war, they were a god-killing species
created by the 【God of War Artosh】 -」
「The Flügel – they don’t gather knowledge due to their own interests.」
Those were records gathered by her grandfather – the late king from his
observations of the Flügel.
Which means, they were observations of Jibril, at least they should be…
but…
「Those are actions for them to survive – no, for them to not die.」
In Steph’s mind’s eye, that hard to understand person appeared.
「Living weapons of a deceased Master… They are just empty walking slabs
of meat.」
She recalled that person with the smile that seemed to hide her emotions,
the person that would do anything for her curiosity and her Masters, the
person that could be gung-ho at times.
「The reason why they’re living, no, what is the evidence to deduce as to
why they’re still alive?」
- Why?
The Jibril in her grandfather’s observations was completely different
from the Jibril she knew.
This apprehension caused Steph to stop unconsciously merely after reading
a few pages, and she slipped into deep thought.
…Sora and Shiro had proceeded to Avant Heim after reading this book.
What were those two thinking –

“Steph-kou, now’s probably not the time to be reading that, des.”
“Huh? Ah, right, yes.”
What was important wasn’t the Flügel, but information regarding the
Seirenes – Steph rallied herself.
At this time, the grumbling noise started again. “We should eat
now, des.”
Izuna spoke with a fire burning in her eyes.
Steph smiled bitterly, and as she placed the book back on the shelf –
possibly due to overwork, she felt dizzy.
“Ah…”
The books began to fall off from the shelf she had placed them on.
The books they had read and the ones they haven’t would be mixed together
– as she was about to collapse and begin crying
–
- A gust of wind blew past her.
That was the limit of what she could detect, as it was a speed that Steph
couldn’t react to.
Izuna sped from the door in an instant to the corner of the room, and in
her mouth – was a single book.
“…? What is this, des?”
“…I-Isn’t that my question? What’s up with you.”
Ignoring Steph who was widening her eyes in surprise, Izuna curiously
sniffed the book in her mouth.
“This is the smell of fish, des…? No, des…ah!” She uninterestedly
threw away the book and said:
“This book smells of Seiren, des. I can’t eat this, des.”
- In an instant, a lamp turned on within Steph’s muddled brain.
Regarding the order of the books she read earlier, Izuna said she read
them according to how nice they smelled.

Why did she select the books Sora and Shiro had read – no, the real question
was –
“W-why does my Grandpa’s books smell of Seiren?”
“Who knows, des. Maybe a Seiren touched it, or maybe someone who
touched a Seiren touched this book as well, des.”
Izuna spoke with her head tilted slightly. “Is it Sora or
Shiro… or us!?”
“…? No, des. All the books here smell like an old man, des.” It wasn’t Steph’s
smell, nor was it Sora and Shiro’s smell.
Speaking of which, since Sora and the others went to Oceande, they
shouldn’t have been here – so -!?
“D-do you know when this person touched the books?”
Steph asked while leaning forward, while Izuna began counting on her
fingers once more with difficulty and replied:
“Not enough fingers, des.”
- However that was enough to conclude that that smell was from more
than ten years ago.
“…W-wait a moment, how can you tell?”
“Doesn’t Steph-kou know, des? There’s a smell left behind, des.”
Who would know that sort of weird thing, although she yelled this to
herself, but – the riddle was solved.
The reason why Sora wanted Izuna to help, and the reason why she chose
the books Sora and Shiro had read, and – all this proved that ten years ago
her grandfather came into contact with the Seirenes!
Now all that was left was –!
“Can you find the books written after that?” Izuna sniffed about
then tilted her head and said:
“…The smell is weak, des. But if I try extra hard… I can probably do it,
des.”
- The world was filled with light.
If so, their search range would be narrowed significantly!

“Really now~ if you had that sort of convenient ability you should have used
it earlier-aaaah but thank you-aaaaaahhhh finally found the exit from hell –“
Steph hugged Izuna in a sudden burst of emotion and began petting her
non-stop, however Izuna jumped back all of a sudden.
“- Uuuuuugghhhhhhhh!!”
Her hair stood up as if she was going to bite at any time, and she hissed at
Steph.
“Eh? U-um…s-sorry, did I do something wrong?” “…Steph-kou, your
petting skills are horrible, des!”
Steph surveyed her surroundings in panic as she noticed that Izuna was still
on full alert.
What she saw was –
“Ah, r-right, t-this is for you, can you please forgive me?” “- What is that,
des?”
“I-it’s a biscuit I made for myself, h-here.”
Steph ate one to prove to her that they were safe to eat – and then she
nervously passed some to her.
Izuna sniffed the biscuits she passed her.
“…Not bad, des. But I want to eat rice, des. And fish, des.”
- She took a biscuit in her mouth, and her mood instantly turned better.
Izuna shook her bushy tail like a hamster and began gnawing on the biscuit.
“Ah, s-so I’ll go make food! Grilled fish, steamed fish, sashimi… which
would you –“
“All, des.” “Huh?” “All, des.”
Izuna began drooling with a longing expression on her face, and Steph –
“~Fine then! I have a reliable companion now anyway, so I’ll do my best to
prepare all the fish dishes I know how to!! In the meantime, could you please
search for all the books my grandfather wrote around that period!?”
“OK, des!”
Izuna stood up after answering energetically.

Finally, she saw the exit! As Steph was about to exit the library, behind
her –

She heard an explosion. “What?”
- The reason why Steph knew it was the sound of Izuna breaking the
sound barrier was because –
It was because her heart uttered a low roar, and began beating so fast that it
seemed it would burst from her body. She held almost ten books in her
hands, and her shoulders rose and fell along with her breathing – Izuna who
was dyed completely blood-red from using「Blood Devastation」, reported
her status.
“- Hah, hah – I found all of them, des -! Is the fish not prepared yet?
Des!”
…If she tried really hard…she could probably do it. Izuna did try really
hard as she had announced earlier.
- She had tried hard enough to challenge the laws of physics, and she had
used her physical abilities to overcome those very laws…
She saw Izuna with her blood vessels bulging, with her mouth drooling and
her eyes having the gaze of a predator looking at its prey –
“…C-could you please help me go out and get groceries?” Steph
chose「Delaying tactics」…
Part 2
- On top of Avant Heim that was engulfed in the night sky.
Only the faint glows emitted from the cubes and the moonlight itself lit up
the scenery of countless cubes scattered about.
Sora and others flew about shakily and clumsily in that scenery itself – no,
they floated.
“U-um…can we really win…?”
“Please don’t talk to me right now, you’ll mess up my concentration!”
“…Nii…like this…a bit more…”
They looked as if they would fall and crash at a single mistake, appearing
extremely dangerous.

Plum who was connecting the two as their wings mumbled to herself upon
seeing their antics:
“T-the opponent are the Flügel! Even if you borrow my power, um,
both of you have never flew before…it’s impossible to contest against
the Flügel in speed…”
Sora’s tone remained relaxed even despite struggling to control his wings.
“Relax, it’s definitely an advantage to be able to run away fast in a game of
red light, green light – but it won’t guarantee you victory.”
“That’s true…but even if so…”
Plum in scarf form sighed upon looking at them.
- The Flügel, even disregarding their ability to teleport, their existence
itself was already defying all laws of physics.
Although Plum had never seen any of them flying at full speed, she could
easily imagine it from their physical ability.
If they used their full strength – don’t even mention the speed of sound,
they might even be able to travel faster than that.
Even though red light, green light wasn’t a contest of speed, it would be
impossible for a turtle to race against a horse anyway.
No matter what, with their crass flying skills – To achieve
victory – wouldn’t be -? “…Huh? S-strange?”
As Plum thought to herself, she felt a sudden sense of apprehension.
Sora and Shiro’s posture as they flapped their wings had stabilized and
she hadn’t noticed.
Their speed began increasing slowly, and the scarf – the winds attacking
Plum became stronger.
“…Um, why did you want me to allow each one of you to control one
wing?”
Plum asked them this as she suddenly remembered.
The siblings had in an instant slowly changed the wings she had woven
for them to their own wings.
They looked at each other and smiled.
“Of course – because if we didn’t do so, our victory wouldn’t be guaranteed.”

Conversely, if they were to do it they would definitely win, and they both said
this while holding each other’s hands.
- As long as our hands are holding onto each other.
- We won’t lose to anyone.
Part 3
Empty-shelled weapons – merely objects – merely puppets – the Flügel.
They were originally tools created by their master to exterminate
gods.
But it has been over six thousand years since they lost their master – why
does the Flügel race continue to exist?
In order to search for that 「Answer」, they had roamed about with Avant
Heim for an extremely long period of time until today.
And – Jibril who had left alone herself but had returned just as suddenly –
seemed to have changed visibly.
It was just as if…yes – it was as if she had found the 「Answer」.
…
Azrael used her hands to cup her cheeks and looked up at the night sky.
In concurrence with Sora’s conditions, on the balcony earlier – the hundred
Flügel that had been waiting there for five minutes were looking in the same
direction as well.
The images that appeared in the night sky – Sora and Shiro’s figures.
“…Jii-chan, the final order that Artosh-sama ever gave me – if there’s
anyone who can find the 「Answer」, I believe it can only be the「Final
Unit」 Jii-chan, nyan.”
“…”
- She had a reason for that.
However that wasn’t the real question, and Azrael continued with that
very question in mind.
“If Jii-chan’s 「Answer」 was implanted in your head through the
Pledges by the Imanity –“

- They had discussed the matter in their native Flügel language so as to not
allow Sora and Shiro to know what was going on.
As though attempting to warn her again, Azrael smiled a smile so fake that it
made it look like she was wearing a mask, and she said to Jibril:
“I will use my 「Special Right」- you do know what this means right?”
“Yes, but -! Only stupid people ask questions to which they already know
the answers! Senpai.”
Upon hearing these words, the Flügel that were looking up into the night sky
suddenly tensed up, making the atmosphere much heavier in an instant.
- The 「Representative of the Winged」- the head of the 「Council of
Eighteen Wings」, Azrael –
The only special right Azrael possessed for not being the full representative
of the Flügel was…
It was something that was agreed over six thousand years ago with an
unanimous decision from everyone.
“-「The right to order all the Flügel to commit suicide」...is there something
wrong?”
Azrael’s gaze sharpened instantly at Jibril’s dismissive tone.
“It was a right originally created by Azrael-senpai while we were still
discovering our purpose to continue living after our master was killed in
order to prevent us from committing suicide, so if you think that we have
no reason to continue to exist – please feel free.”
At this point the emotion that swept through the crowd was not fear – the
Flügel did not fear death in the first place.
They were a race created as weapons, so to them death would even be
considered an honour.
Despite this, the reasons why the participants felt tense was because they
were 「Anticipating」.
- For something to start, or possibly for something to end. That was the
only difference, but –
Everyone only felt anticipation at that sort of prediction. “…It’s good
that you know-nyan…”

While the only one present that didn’t seem to understand what had
happened was Azrael.
Jibril looked at her somewhat disappointedly upon realizing so. - Her gaze
slowly corroded Azrael.
“Azrael-senpai, you of all people should know, we – the Flügel have a
very basic misunderstanding.”
- Sora and the others didn’t know.
But it was because Jibril had met them – after which she had changed
significantly.
Before losing to Sora and the others, Jibril – even if she was the type to act
immediately after something went amiss, she was pretty much the same
as Azrael.
Turning the unknown into known – that was the only thing that was
meaningful to her.
She had to reverse the unknown, and there was no ulterior motive behind it,
all she meant was – it was an 「Enemy」 she had to exterminate.
Jibril was probably hungrier for combat than any other unit against that
「Enemy」.
- However, her views changed on the very day she lost to Sora and Shiro.
“The knowledge that we spent thousands, tens of thousands of years
gathering was completely obliterated by the Masters who
have barely walked ten years upon this earth, and the meaning behind this,
the very significance of it – Senpai, you just don’t understand.”
“…”
Her face was filled with a passion that Azrael had never seen before.
According to her memory, she had never seen Jibril do that, not even to
Artosh.
“It’s a perplexing feeling, even more intense than the passion of eliminating
the unknown. It’s a way of life, continuously reversing into unknowns that
led me to follow my Masters by my own will – it’s completely unrelated to
the pledges.”
Azrael remained speechless at Jibril’s words.

Because to be honest, she had no idea what they meant.
Turning the known to unknown? – Wouldn’t that sort of thing cause a
person to feel horrified?
- But...
Maybe because they were moved by Jibril’s words…
Upon hearing her brief speech, the hundred Flügel that couldn’t wait to get
moving had a tint of excitement in their eyes – and their wings trembled.
- Azrael couldn’t understand why that was, and she once again cupped her
cheeks with her hands.
At least that wasn’t the 「Answer」.
She looked up into the empty skies just like that – at the clumsily flying
pair.
“I know Azrael-senpai cares more than anyone about the future of the
Flügel, but –“
“…”
She glanced to the side, only to see Jibril with an expression of utmost
determination on her face, and she spoke in an almost begging fashion:
“The answer you’re seeking for isn’t where you think it is.”
Part 4
“Hnnnnnnnnggg~……hnnnnnnnnnnnnngggg~~…. I-I’m at my limit…too
tiring, I wanna give up…”
“Hey, it’s not even been three minutes! Even Ultr*man[1] is tougher than
you, you know!?”
Plum (scarf form) was complaining since almost the very beginning,
while Sora provided her with words of encouragement.
“I’m different from those Flügel monsters! Overcoming the force of gravity
and your weights combined is harder than both of you can imagine!! I even
have to lend you my wings as well
– please spare me –“
“If you’re gonna talk about sweat, I’ve sweated a lot already, so you can lick
it off for all I care!”

“For you two, how could I possible give up! – Right, let’s continue on!!”
“You’ve completely ruined the atmosphere!!”
The sensation of his neck being licked sent an unpleasant tingle down his
spine.
The scarf that Plum was disguising as …
It was a disguise on her 「Physical appearance」, in order to give others
the impression that she was connecting Sora and Shiro in the form of a
scarf.
The two ends of the scarf moved along with Sora and Shiro’s wills, and they
served the same purposes as a pair of wings.
“Hey, to us this looks like a scarf with wings, but what does it actually look
like?”
“Lick…ah, how blissful ♥ - huh, what? Um~ I’m currently hugging Soradono’s neck and licking it…and using my foot to hook onto Shiro -dono’s
neck.”
“Heh, isn’t this a perverted way to fly!”
“…Nii, that joke was bad, you’re noisy…and it’s lame…”
“I was just saying, did you really have a need to go that overboard!?”
A streak of tears flashed past Avant Heim’s night sky. However Plum
rebutted impatiently:
“Let me make this clear, it’s the special right of the Elves to cast multiple
spells at once! A magic such as turning myself into a flying scarf while
allowing you both to fly at your own will is extreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemely
worthy of praise, OK!!”
Plum uttered this extreeeeeeeeeeeeeeemly long sentence.
“Also, this is more tiring than I expected…if my supply of energy gets cut,
I’ll probably die within a few seconds.”
“…I’m surprised you’d agree with something this dangerous.”
“Huh? Because if I do this I can lick Sora-dono’s neck to my heart’s
content…slurp~ delicious, delicious.”
“AHHHH! I’M TAKING THIS SCARF OFF RIGHT NOW!!”

As Sora was considering ignoring the consequences and stripping off
the scarf altogether –
“…Nii, the time.”
Five minutes had passed – Sora’s gaze sharpened upon hearing Shiro’s
warning.
Which meant at this time, the Flügel that had a late start would begin
attempting to catch them.
“- Right, Plum, our lives are in your hands now, so don’t you go running out
of energy halfway!”
“No problem. Our fates are tied, so if I do run out of energy halfway we’ll
just die together at most.”
“We don’t need to think about that!! Let’s go already!”
As he said this, Sora and Shiro immediately began flapping their wings
mightily and simultaneously – dropping their altitude at once.
“Kyaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!”
They accelerated in that instant so quickly that even Plum had to cry out.
The speed of their descent and the power of the wings caused them to
accelerate endless, and the strong winds rushed to meet them –
As they were about to hit the ground – the back of Avant Heim, they began
flying laterally.
(They’re attempting to shake off our pursuers with the momentum
from our descent…probably.)
Plum didn’t say anything but merely thought to herself, after which she
grumbled: But –
A presence came up from behind, as the Flügel that had just left were
already catching up to them.
Sora and Shiro really had completely mastered control over their wings
with an astounding speed.
But – no matter how they were to commandeer the wings woven by
Plum, they would still be unable to overcome the laws of physics.

It was already a blessing that they could reach two hundred kilometres per
hour, however the Flügel on the other hand were an existence that simply
threw the laws of physics out of the window.
(A -at this rate they’ll catch up to us in no time aaaahhhh what do we do
now!?)
Plum began yelling to herself, however Sora and Shiro merely turned
around to look calmly –
“Four of them, no formation.” “…Letters, one,
three…” “Direction, recover?”
“…One bottom of the wing 「ナ (na) 」…three left side of stomach 「ア (a)
」.”
“- Shiro three, let’s move!”
- They had a brief conversation which Plum completely couldn’t
understand, as they had completed their discussion within a minute –
Huh? As Plum let out this curious expression, Sora and Shiro had already
veered their courses slightly.
- In an instant.
“Hehe~ I’ll be the first~!” “I’ll take that!”
As they expected, the five minutes of waiting time had meant nothing to
them, as two Flügel were already approaching.
Their hands closed in on Sora and Shiro – but missed. “”- Huh!?””
The two that were unable to catch Sora and Shiro couldn’t seem to
comprehend how they managed to vanish from their
eyes in an instant, causing them to utter a confused exclamation.
At that time –
“”Ah!!””
- Behind them.
On the bottom of the wing and the left side of the stomach respectively – the
characters inscribed there were touched, and both of them let out a gentle
moan.

The other two behind them were slightly late and ended up losing their
quarry, and they began surveying their surroundings frantically.
That was no surprise, as by then Sora and Shiro were already flying
towards the connected cubes in a spiral pattern.
They darted and wove through the cracks – through the streets of Avant
Heim – towards the connected cubes.
The two 「Characters」 were already on their respective hands.
“…Huh? Just now…what was that!?”
It happened in such a short instance that even Plum who was wrapped
around their necks couldn’t comprehend what had happened.
On the other side of the disguising magic, Plum widened her eyes in
surprise, and Sora said to her:
“Barrel roll – isn’t this one of the basic techniques to avoid a flying unit that
is faster than you and is flying in a straight direction?”
- As Sora and Shiro noticed that they had company, they drew them in as
close as possible then slightly veered their course, in order that among the
four of them – the two inscribed with characters would take the lead, and
they merely had to turn slightly.
And in the instant as they were about to be caught, they spread their wings,
and merely – rolled over in a diagonal fashion.
So, with their general direction remaining the same, Sora and Shiro
decelerated as they spun spirals in the air. On the other hand, the Flügel
thought that Sora and Shiro had simply disappeared as they were too fast –
simply speaking, they
merely 「Overshot」.
They were still unused to their wings, and they would never be able to reach
the speeds of that of a Flügel’s no matter how hard they tried, so –
“Since we can’t control our wings we just have to stop in our tracks, and for
the Flügel who completely ignore aerodynamic studies at the like – they are
merely fighter planes flying along a fixed path…”
“…Even if they know…they never bothered about it…”
Both of them smiled mischievously, and on their hands were exactly what
Shiro had declared earlier – the characters 「ナ (na) 」and「ア (a) 」
were swirling about there.

Plum was speechless, having just realized what had happened.
“…Don’t tell me – you memorized the positions of all the characters!?”
Sora smiled bitterly and replied:
“Plum, are you underestimating my glorious sister?”
This sentence alone made even one such as Plum feel pressured,
and she shut her mouth.
“Anyway…Shiro, the words we really need…you should know them
right?”
“Of course.”
“So we need to get hold of those people, also our opponents aren’t exactly
dimwits, so our aerial strategy won’t work all the time.”
“…Mm, understood…”
- Get hold of. Those two declared that naturally as if it was bound to
happen, causing Plum to widen her eyes in shock.
They were clearly playing a game of red light, green light against the
Flügel, however they themselves acted as if they were the pursuers.
Sora and Shiro flew about in the city of Avant Heim just like 「Passing
through cracks」.
Part 5
- On the floor where only two people remained after the rest of the Flügel
had left.
Jibril and Azrael stood together and watched the events unfolding in
the air before them.
The feelings within Jibril’s chest – turned into 「Shock」 extremely
quickly.
Shiro had memorized all the characters and the people who possessed
them, and even where they were.
That was why they could pull off the avoid and recover maneuver so
flawlessly earlier – however, what shocked her even more was that they
knew the city like the back of their hands, as they were flying about as if it
was their own backyard. Jibril couldn’t hide her shock at her two Masters.

The city of Avant Heim with countless cubes stacked up in complex
formations was lit up extremely dimly under the moonlight in the
surrounding darkness, however they could still duck and weave throughout
the spaces between the cubes like skilled weavers passing threads through
needles.
They were still lacking in speed, however in this case if their pursuers were
to go too fast they would lose them instead.
The narrow, dark alleyways and cracks that were formed between the
cubes –
Even the cracks that could barely fit a single person through were easily
overcome by the flying two, so if their pursuers
were to go too fast – if they were to let down their guard they would crash
into the cubes, leaving them a clear escape route.
(…They’re really something…but if so -)
There was one part she couldn’t explain, and Jibril began questioning it.
Jibril couldn’t deny the fact that the Flügel as a race – did have the tendency
to achieve victory through brute force.
But despite this, they could still 「Coordinate」. If they couldn’t, they
wouldn’t deserve the right to be called 「Weapons」.
Even if they didn’t have 「Speed」 , they would switch to a
「Surrounding」 strategy – and –
“Huh!? Huh, why -!?”
A Flügel female uttered a lamenting cry, as they were all standing guard
by the crack Sora and the others flew into which had only one exit –
however both of them flew out through a way they hadn’t expected.
Sora and Shiro avoided their grasp easily.
They had only caught an extremely short glimpse of the map, and they had
gotten such a deep understanding of the entire city (Avant Heim) within
that period of time?
- Impossible. If it was one of the Masters – Shiro, there was a possibility that
she could memorize the map within seconds.

However the city was built from various, countless complexly stacked cubes
of different structures and heights, so it would be impossible to truly master
the alleyways and shortcuts of the city with the map alone, if so how did they
do it –
Just like that, even Jibril who was observing them for the longest time
finally realized that she suspected her own explanation more than
anyone else.

Part 6
(Huh? Y-you’re joking right?)
Sora and Shiro’s tightly interlocked hands – Plum saw that their fingers
were moving about intricately.
Plum was resisting the urge to moan pitifully as hard as she could since
earlier, and as for her theory behind how those two could duck and weave
between all those narrow caves and alleyways – it could even be called
fallacy – and this fact made Plum so shocked she was unable to say a word.
Which meant, possibly, probably, although somewhat unbelievable –
it could be the case.
Shiro would fly along the streets according to her memory, and confirm the
average size of the cubes.
After which she would calculate mentally to decipher the order of the
patterns of the stacked cubes, then find the small passageways created due
to those height differences.
And she transmitted that information to Sora not through words, but
instead through hand signals.
While Sora would reply with ways to shake off, trick, bait, and deceive their
pursuers.
- What other response could Plum have other than remaining speechless?
To Plum, no, possibly to anyone, that would be beyond
comprehension.
Communicating using finger movements, but it wasn’t information on
a mere level of 「Move here」 or 「Go there」.

From the touch of their hands, they could decipher each other’s intentions, as
these two Imanity that had a wing each flapped their wings in the air and
moved seamlessly, without any form of hesitation, as though their clutched
hands were a combined part of their reflexes.
There was no doubt about it that they still weren’t completely used to the
procedure.
Their flying still carried a slight hint of jerkiness – and because of that.
Plum was even more surprised at this unbelievable sight. Holding each
other’s hands – the two formed a pair of wings.
When a wing on one side were to master the wing woven by Plum more
efficiently and overcome the forces of gravity.
The other wing would simply master the other half’s movements and
play along just before being thrown off.
Throughout the span of each flap, they learnt from each other and passed
down their knowledge between them as well, without any mistakes nor
hiccups.
- They were endlessly improving at a stunning speed.
Upon seeing this, Plum sensed a chill rolling down her spine, those two –
were more than she imagined –
- At this time, the previously silent two spoke. “Left four, four
pull.”
“…Left サ (sa) と (to) オ (o) ス (su), right カ (ka) マ (ma) ヌ (nu) ク(ku)
missing one.”
“Return, top, twelve?”
“…Character five, complete…but dangerous.”
Both of them conversed in a code-like manner, however Sora finally replied
cheerfully in a normal fashion.
“Even if it’s dangerous we still have to do it -! Let’s begin our attack!!”
“…Understood! Shiro left Nii right, left shoulder right wing left hip left
arm!”
Immediately as she finished – “Yaaaahhhh!!”

They spun about a breakneck speeds as if their wings – which meant Plum
– had split into two, and they flew into a narrow hole –
“-! We’ve finally got them cornered!” “Pincer attack, this is
my time to shine!!”
Sora and Shiro accidentally – according to Plum’s point of view –
stumbled into a wide road.
What awaited them was four Flügel on their left and right respectively –
and as they had said, it was a perfect pincer attack.
However Plum suddenly remembered what they had said earlier.
- 「Left right four, four pull」…Draw them out – then attack?
The Flügel which were a total amount of eight were closing in at an
extremely rapid pace, but – if so –
“Let’s move, Shiro!!” “…OK!”
- Who exactly were the ones driven into a corner –
Sora and Shiro clapped their open palms together, forming a 「Word
Spirit」.
The characters that were originally on their respective hands combined –
and emitted light.
Facing the onslaught of the eight Flügel, the two – yelled with their palms
facing opposite directions:
“”- 「Hole (アナ ana) 」!”” - In an instant.
The eight Flügel that were charging towards Sora and Shiro – “--…Huh?”
Passed through them, and them appeared on opposite sides. “Ah!”
Leaving behind eight moans, Sora and Shiro once again flew into the cracks
between the cubes.
In a narrow passageway that could just about fit one person, Sora flew
horizontally and laughed.
“サ (sa) と (to) オ (o) ス (su) – what do you think, Shiro, I got all of them!”
“…カ (ka) マ (ma) ヌ (nu) ク(ku)…now we have eight…”

The both of them confirmed the four glowing characters that were spinning
around on their respective palms in a matter-of-fact fashion.
- Plum asked them fearfully. “…Um, just now…what was
that…”
“What else, it was a 「Hole」, a 「Word Spirit」 that would take effect on
anyone it comes into contact with – which is the rule of this game.”
“…So…we opened a hole…in 「Reality」.” Plum began recalling
what had happened.
They had opened holes on their left and right using themselves as the center,
then connecting them together in order to avoid the Flügel.
Once they were to emerge from it they would of course be facing Sora
and others with their backs – and to return the 「Characters」however more important than that…
“…Could it be, you’re only baiting the people that have characters on
them!?”
“Of course, but we haven’t got all the ones we want yet.”
Sora admitted nonchalantly, and he looked up in satisfaction after looking
at his wrist that had various letters strung up around it like beads.
- Plum looked up along with him.
…After which four, five, eight – twelve Flügel began darting at them at an
astonishing speed.
“Waaaah what are we going to do-aaaahhhhh!”
“Return, from the top, pull twelve – everything’s going according to
plan, don’t panic.”
“…Nii, can you make it?”
Sora and Shiro flew at high speeds through a crack that could just about fit
one person.
Which meant, when they were to reach the next open space, the amount of
Flügel that would be swarming them at once would be – twelve.
While Sora smiled cockily –
“Yep, no prob-lem-aaaaahahahhhhhhhhh!?”

Sora’s body lost its balance as his neck was being licked by Plum all of a
sudden.
They reached the open space – and in front of twelve oncoming Flügel, Sora
had lost his balance, and because of that his center of gravity –
“…Nii!?” “….Waaaaahhh!?”
As he was about to be thrown off, Shiro frantically flapped her wing in an
attempt to maintain their balance.
However Sora who almost crash-landed had no time to properly
capture the figures of the oncoming Flügel.
“Shiro, gooooooo!”
- Sora immediately made a decision, as he had no time to get back in
position.
Sora stretched his hand out to Shiro – he trusted that Shiro could
understand his intentions, and passed his 「Word Spirits」 to her.
Shiro grasped Sora’s hands, allowing the characters to move, after which
she let them go and threw them into the sky –
“- 「No entry (トオサヌ toosanu)」…!”
- As she said this, the twelve approaching figures, just as they were about to
come into contact with Sora and Shiro, suddenly
–
“Ouch!” “Ah!”
Pitter-patter – no, it wasn’t such a gentle noise.
A huge, cannon-like explosion was heard, and the Flügel all violently
slammed into an invisible wall.
But the problem was -!
Shiro looked over at Sora, and according to the plan – they were
supposed to spiral upwards rapidly.
- 「No entry」. She was forced to create a barrier with these four words in
order to prevent their enemies from passing through.
And in the instant when that would occur, they would only act on the five
that had characters inscribe on them, or at least that was the plan –

“Heh-aaaaaahhhh!”
- He made it, Shiro thought while appearing immensely relieved.
While he left the activation of the 「Word Spirits」 to Shiro, he spent that
time to regain his composure and turn to his original position.
Sora even began sweating cold sweat, and he flapped his wing while Shiro
cooperated –!
As the twelve Flügel slammed into the invisible wall and were stopped in
their tracks, the two passed through the Flügel crowds –
“Dammit, Shiro – it’s up to you!” “Mm!”
Shiro didn’t manage to tell Sora which one of them had characters on
them.
Shiro stretched out her hand, and then –
Since it still wasn’t enough, she used her two legs – and even her wing to
gather up all the characters.
“Uggghhhhhh~~~ don’t think about running –“ “Dream on!”
Shiro’s wing was nearly grabbed onto, however Sora flapped his wing and
shifted their centre of gravity.
They had avoided a death trap extremely narrowly, and the two landed
below the invisible wall – flapping their wings just as they were about to hit
the ground – then flew into another narrow corridor…before they could say
they were safe.
“…Phew….phew!”
Sora’s shoulders convulsed violently as he breathed, and he finally
managed to regulate his breathing, just as Shiro was about to ask about
his condition –
“A-about that… are both of you alright?”
- The culprit that had brought this crisis upon them (Plum) did it before her.
Sora bit onto the scarf and yelled with his voice muffled. “- Plum~~~!
Do you want us to die together!?”
“I-I-I-I-I’m sorry! It was because of that sudden spiral, my mouth left Soradono’s presence – and I even previously said that if I were to lose a source

within a few seconds I would die!! So of course if we’re going to die we
might as well die together, see you all in hell!!”
This fellow must have a huge amount of courage to say things like that.
While Shiro managed her own violently breathing heart – and spoke while
looking the characters on her hand:
“…Nii…ソ (so) ワ (wa) ケ (ke) ユ (yu) ラ(ra)…we have them…so now…”
“Yep, we’ve finally completed it.”
「ラ（ra）ユ（yu）ス（su）マ（ma）ク（ku）ケ（ke）
ソ（so）カ（ka）ワ（wa）」- the two chuckled upon thinking of the
「Word Spirits」 those characters could create.
As they exchanged glances and nodded at each other – they flapped their
wings mightily.
The two who were darting through the cubes earlier, were now
– climbing up into the skies. “- Ah, found it!”
“Hmm…are they changing their strategy again?”
They were spotted immediately. However their pursuers reacted more
vigilantly this time at Sora and Shiro’s appearance.
They didn’t travel in a straight line, and instead approached their circuit in
a circular formation as if to surround them.
- No one had probably thought of it.
Because Plum didn’t manage to predict it either.
In front of the Flügel that surrounded them, the two clasped their open
palms together to form a 「Word Spirit」.
- As three characters disappeared, they touched them and yelled:
“- 「Accelerate[2]」-!!”
Part 7
Not only the pursuers.
Even Plum and Jibril who was spectating the entire thing were speechless.
From the beginning of the game, from the time they got their wings, barely
fifteen minutes had passed.

They were merely two Imanity each with a single wing created by Plum.
- They merely left behind a shockwave while they themselves were already
long gone.
- They had charged straight through the oncoming Flügel, who could have
predicted that?
Although, if it was an acceleration created by the 「Word Spirits」, it
could actually happen.
That was why they could overcome the limitations of physics upon their
wings.
Acceleration, speed, light speed – the two had planned to collect and form
those 「Word Sprits」 before the game had even began. If not, facing an
enemy that could adapt to and change their strategy according to Sora and
Shiro’s actions – essentially an opponent that could 「Learn」 and
「Adapt」, they wouldn’ t be able to survive for an hour. Thus they flew
about between the cubes at a speed, focusing more on baiting
and collecting – as Jibril saw this, her eyes narrowed as if she had just seen
the light
- Because it meant that the two trusted in the Flügel. “Hah! This is
fun!”
“…Mm!”
Both of them soared and spun about in the air like dancers, and their
laughter – spread across Avant Heim.
- Lovebirds.
This term sprung up from Jibril’s mind.
However – this term didn’t seem quite right, and she shook her head.
What she was looking at wasn’t the figurative kind of lovebird.
She was sure that it was the true, original meaning of the 「Lovebird」.
The males and females each had one eye and one wing and would fly
together with their bodies combined, a fictional organism.
(…And a being just like that is flying happily right over there.) Jibril watched
them closely and seemingly proudly – but…

“…”
Azrael who was gazing from them afar, appearing rather bored and
disinterested, still didn’t seem to manage to grasp the meaning of it.
- Upon seeing her like that, Jibril said silently:
“Senpai, do you know the reason why I’m against the 「Equality
Law」?”
“…Because Jii-chan is close minded and doesn’t like other people touching
her books-nyan?”
“No, it’s because – I enjoy reading the same books over and over.”
- It was the first time Azrael had heard of such a thing, and she stared at her
in shock.
“…Why is that so-nyan? Wouldn’t it be fine if you just memorize them?”
“Yes, I knew you would say that, which is why I never said it previously…”
Jibril sighed, and she continued again in a fit of determination:
“Even if you’ve read a book once before, after you gather more
knowledge, you’ll learn even more things even after reading them again.”
“…”
“So if you want to read them again you can’t, wouldn’t that be annoying –
don’t you get it?”
“...Don’t get what-nyan?”
“- Once you memorize it, it’s over.”
Jibril bent her head low while giving her this painful piece of advice –
however…
- Azrael still seemed extremely confused.
Ignoring Jibril’s opinion for now, what she didn’t understand the most was –
“- What does have to do with what’s going on now-nyan?”
…
…Jibril looked into her eyes – extremely sadly.
Her gaze wasn’t that of underestimation, nor was it a mocking one.

It was one of betrayal at her anticipation being ignored, a gaze of gradually
increasing disappointment and sadness at having her anticipation being
betrayed every single time.
- She couldn’t understand her sister’s anticipation, which pierced her
heart even more than anything else.
“What is it-nyan…what did I do wrong-nyan…!”
Part 8
Above Avant Heim, a single silver trail cut through the night sky.
The sound barrier had been left behind long ago, and the flying Sora and
Shiro – couldn’t be caught by anyone.
“Now as long as we don’t get too careless, we won’t get caught.”
Sora and Shiro held each other’s hands and sped through the night sky,
and although Sora said this, but –
“…But, the collecting…of the 「Characters」…”
“Yes, I know, although we want to play, we definitely have to collect all the
characters to finish this level perfectly, and…”
Sora agreed with Shiro’s words, after which he continued solemnly:
“- I’ve already figured out a 「Word Spirit」 to retaliate that person.”
“That person…? Who are you referring to?”
Plum asked a question, however Sora ignored it and turned around.
Relying on speed to increase their distance between them was good – but in
order to collect the 「Characters」 they had to get close, and that always
came with the risk of being caught,
not to mention that their opponent was the Flügel. Also – Sora thought to
himself in a cautious tone:
- Don’t forget, this game was something we didn’t expect – it was a game on
their home turf.
No matter how much they kept their guard up, it was impossible to
completely avoid it.
“…Huh, interesting.”

Sora mumbled to himself, very good - this is truly a game that deserves to be
played!
So let’s decrease the risk as much as we can – so we had better collect as
many characters as we can.
That was sort of their insurance policy, which was increasing their 「Word
Spirits」, so even if they get into an unpredictable situation - and Sora who
was facing behind – suddenly had a glint in his eye.
“…Huh?”
Shiro let out a curious mumble upon seeing that glint, but – “- Cheh~~!?”
This was the 「Unpredictable Situation」 Sora was thinking about earlier,
and to this Sora had reacted in advance.
He took himself as a pendulum and swung downwards – and while still
going along the same direction, he shifted their 「Axis」, and spun around
in a curve.
“U-um, what are you doing – kyaaaaaahhhhh!?”
A burst of light shot through the 「Position」 they were in previously,
cutting off Plum’s words.
- Shiro was just about to praise her brother’s unbelievably fast reaction
speed and judgement time, however before that –
“Jibri~~~llll!! What is that! I never heard you mentioning anything about
that! We can attack!?”
…His composure earlier had completely disappeared, and Sora yelled
suddenly, and above his head – with a small poof…
A tiny Jibril of about four heads tall appeared to explain the situation.
“No, Masters, that wasn’t an attack, it’s a 「Capturing Magic」 that stalks
its target.”
“Are you telling me that wasn’t a 「Bullet」?”
“No, that thing does no damage at all, as it’s just a magic that binds the enemy
and pulls him to yourself, it doesn’t have any potential for destruction as its
aim is merely to capture its target. So it’s different from the 「Bullets」 in
the Masters’ world –“
Sora scratched his head and roared in response to Jibril’s chatter:

“So let me rephrase my sentence, you never mentioned that long-distance
tools could be used! Don’t we have any? Plum!!”
“Don’t go so hard on me! Double casting is a talent natural only to the
Elves, also if I continue to use another spell, I’m actually going to shrivel
up and die! I’ve licked Sora-dono’s neck so much that it’s starting to swell!”
“I don’t care whether it’s swelling or not! I’m covered in cold sweat anyway,
so why don’t you just lick my back!”
“Really!? Let’s eat~! Ah~ mm ♥”
Her wails suddenly turned into groans of pleasure, and Sora turned
around, speechless at Plum’s actions.
Being a match on the Flügel’s home turf, Sora was just thinking about
unforeseen circumstances – and as he thought about that they occurred
immediately!
The opponent did say they would 「Ban teleportation」- but… - They never
said to 「Ban magic」“Dammit – I realized it too late!” “…We should have
expected it…!”
- Regarding the 「Word Spirits」, the rules would be too much
in their favour if they could win through the 「Word Spirits」 alone.
When they realized their mistake of not realizing that earlier, Sora and
Shiro – no, Shiro gnawed on her fingernails, feeling extremely frustrated.
Rules to attack the opponent… this language loophole was her responsibility
to discover since she was the one that would memorize everything word for
word.
Sora stroked Shiro’s head and said:
“It’s normal for games like these that we couldn’t anticipate, so there’s no
use crying over spilt milk, what’s important now is –“
“…Mm.”
- Being a surprise game that they didn’t have complete knowledge about, it
was reasonable to think that unpredictable things like that could happen.

Despite this they could still win – because adapting to their opponent’s
actions extremely quickly was the true ability of Kuuhaku「」- there was no
time to regret!
“- Jibril, how many shots can that thing fire?”
“Let me think…it varies for the abilities of different people, but about six
shots I guess?”
“- It’s hard to handle, but since there are only six shots our opponents
won’t waste their ammunition, thus –“
“Ah, it’s not like that, Master.”
At this point Sora who was facing behind saw multiple shadows land
on the cubes – the Flügel.
They raised their palms – and the night sky turned so bright it was like
daylight.
“It’s that 「Up to six shots can be fired at once」, there’s no limit to the
amount of shots!“
“I actually thought that monsters like you would have such things as
「Limitations」 for a moment there, I’m so stupid!”
“…Nii, over here -!”
This time Shiro was the faster one to react, and she flapped her wing
vigorously.
Sora immediately left behind the mini-Jibril and followed Shiro without
reply, and they accelerated together.
The 「Binding Light」 drew a complex pattern in the air as it approached –
although if it was homing as Jibril had said –
“…Mm!”
Shiro flapped her wing once as hard as she could, and Sora played along,
having understood her intentions from her hand motions.
Countless streaks of light approached them, and even Sora and Shiro who
had used the acceleration 「Word Spirit」 from earlier couldn’t escape their
clutches.
And as the light approached their backs - 「Chandelle」[3].

They turned diagonally upwards at a forty-five degree curve from flying
straight, turning their speed to altitude, and climbed upwards – since the
「Binding Light」 would probably activate its proximity fuse as it reached a
certain distance away from them – a flash of light burst from behind them as
their sharp ascent caused their speed to decrease which allowed the
「Blinding Light」 to approach – and it triggered.
“Aaaaaahhhhh!”
Ignoring Plum’s cries, Shiro immediately cancelled their original sharp
ascent with a slight flip of her wing.
She didn’t turn around, instead she flapped her wing again and once again
began their ascent, distancing themselves from the exploding lights behind
them.
- They dodged it. Just as they were catching their breath, streaks of light
once again surged at them, and Shiro attracted them all to her then
swapped her direction.
She baited them with the exact same method from earlier, however this time
she darted diagonally downward, changing altitude to speed. As for the
countless lights that exploded behind them, she escaped them with the same
momentum, and she acquired speed from this –
“Yaaaaaaahhhhh!”
Plum who was still in wing form let out a cry, as being in a state of ultrahigh speeds had caused the wings to stop flapping.
They spiralled about in the air, drawing circles with their bodies, dodging
the countless lights that exploded within close proximity of them.
However this time they spun about in the other direction while flapping
furiously to avoid the remaining lights.
Sora and Shiro flew together in a horizontal fashion, and they flew into the
cracks between a slightly larger cube – after which –
Countless explosions and flashes of lights occurred at the opening of the
crack.
- Since it was a 「Homing device」, they just had to 「Lure」 it.
It was Shiro’s responsibility to calculate the paths of the lights they had to
avoid –

“Phew…phew…”
However Shiro was sweating cold sweat and panting uncontrollably as if
she had just survived an Itano Circus[4].
It was as if she had these words written on her face: I must do all I can in
repentance for not realizing that they never prevented the usage of magic.
And that sense of responsibility caused her to still appear unsatisfied even
after that glorious display of skill from earlier.
“- Shiro, I’m really proud to have you as my sister.”
Sora fondled his sister’s head while flying through the narrow cracks, and
he complimented her, after which –
“I can’t take this anymore, I want to withdraw from this game, if this
goes on my body won’t be able to take it!!”
In order to keep up with their movements, the wings – Plum was
extremely exhausted.
That pressure caused her to cry out like that, and from her teary tone it was
evident that she was at her limit.
And – Sora pondered with cold sweat running down his back as well - after
they were to get out of the alleyway…
There would definitely be a large amount of Flügel lying in wait.
From the way the Flügel were able to adapt that Sora had observed, he was
sure that they wouldn’t pass up this chance.
“-…Nii…Shiro is…”
- They would definitely account from their previous evasion method as
well.
The 「Binding Lights」 would undoubtedly come in multiples and with
slight time differences between them.
If so even someone like Shiro wouldn’t be able to avoid all of them, not to
mention that Plum was at her limit.
So – Sora and Shiro looked down at their wrists.
- They had only the 「Word Spirits」 to save them, but the characters they
had were - 「ラ（ra）ユ（yu）ス（su）マ （ma）ケ（ke）ワ（wa）」
All of them were characters extremely hard to use in a word game -!

Sora cursed to himself anxiously. They had only a few more seconds in the
passageway before the exit.
In a few seconds, he had to think of a word that could allow them to avoid
or shield them from the oncoming countless flashes of light -!
“「Defeat[5]」! No... Nii, I’m sorry –“
Shiro unconsciously uttered the first word she thought of, after which she
immediately corrected herself.
Although in reality, it was the 「Word Spirit」 that was the most likely to
take effect.
How could they use the characters to block the attacks? Barrier, shield,
reflect, avoid – they lacked the characters needed for all of those.
(A way to reverse this situation – to reverse it -!)
Sora clenched his jaw and worked his brain at a speed that as if it was going
to overheat, they had six characters, and all of them were extremely hard to
use.
The 「Word Spirit」 needed to reverse the situation – reverse … no.
“- Reversing the situation… that’s my job -!” “…Huh?”
Shiro replied curiously to Sora’s mumblings.
In an instant – in Sora’s mind, gears began whirling and meshing together,
and multiple thoughts began overlapping.
- As Jibril had said, it was a capturing magic that would activate in
extremely close proximity to its target like a proximity fuse.
- At a speed even faster than the Flügel, which Sora and Shiro definitely
wouldn’t be able to avoid.
And as the light was about to be fired, what Sora saw was – as those
memories combined into one, Sora smiled.
“Why do we have to avoid it – isn’t this a great opportunity!! Shiro, ascend.”
“What~~!?”
If they were to ascend they would be hit by the 「Binding Light」,
however Plum was the only one that let out a cry of agony at Sora’s words.
“…Understood.”

Shiro flapped her wing and rose upwards – since her brother had reached
that conclusion, she needed no other evidence.
They continued to ascend at high speeds, and flew upwards along the
tunnel – then exited it.
As expected –
A rain of light that dyed the night sky bright white fell upon them.
“Waaaaaaaaaaahahahhhhhhhhhhhh!!”
It didn’t have any destructive power, however it was still a magic of the
Flügel.
If they were caught the game would be over, and the only way they could
gather information regarding the conditions to awaken the Empress would
be –
- Plum cried out once again as she was worried about these two things.
Although in reaction to this, Sora fearlessly allowed three characters
from his wrist to disappear to form 「Word Spirits」.
And as he was about to be hit by the 「Binding Light」, what happened
instead was…
What happened was – the Flügel that shot out the light had collapsed.
While the ones that had left the passage as well and had fired the lights
coming at them collapsed as well.
Leaving no exceptions – everyone was standing on the cubes.
- They couldn’t shoot without being on the ground, so – there was no need
to evade.
Amongst the oncoming beams of light, Sora climbed onto the exit of the
passageway.
He threw the 「Word Spirits」 he formed onto the ground with all his might
– and yelled.
“- 「Flip」-!!”[6] - After a short delay –
Ignoring all the laws of the physical plane, suddenly – - Avant Heim’s
entire horizon 「Flipped over」. “””Aaaaaaahahhh -!?”””

Not only Plum, but the Flügel who had fired the 「Binding Lights」 as well
– even the people watching from afar, Jibril yelled out in surprise.
What would happen if the entire arena (Avant Heim) were to flip over?
Everything in the skies - the 「Binding Lights」 moving about in the air and
the Flügel there would remain the same.
Even their high-pitched yells followed the Doppler Effect[7], and the ones
that stood on the arena – the people on the floor – which were the Flügel,
Sora and Shiro.
- Their positions were swapped and reversed.
“””Yaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!”””
“Even the ones that fired the lights won’t be able to evade them since
they’ll appear in front of them in an instant!”
Sora spoke while smiling, and only Shiro saw the corner of his mouth curl up
ever so slightly.
「- Spin Avant Heim」…
If they didn’t spin it from the position they did, the light would merely come
over in a different direction.
Sora’s smile was that of a gambler who had just won an extremely risky
hand – although if the 「Binding Light」 as Jibril said it would –
“- Shiro!!”
Her brother called upon her without hesitation, and Shiro having
immediately understood his intentions, replied:
“…Twenty-five characters…!”
Yes - the 「Binding Light」 did work as Jibril had explained.
- It captures its target, and pulls it back to the source of the shot, however
if the position of the source is reversed!
“Aaaaaahhhhh!”
“W-wait a minute, eek~~!!”
- The massive amounts of Flügel were pulled over to Sora and Shiro.
“It’s all up to you, Shiro!!”

- All this was in accordance to Sora’s plan – and it was a risk they could
only take once.
From the 「Thirty-eight」 Flügel they dragged over – they acquired
twenty-five characters.
タ（ta）•ホ（ho）•シ（si）•テ（te）•キ（ki）•メ
（me）•ヤ（ya）•ル（ru）•エ（e）•イ（i）•モ（mo）•
ツ（tsu）•へ（he）•レ（re）•ヨ（yo）•ネ（ne）•セ
（se）•二（ni）•フ（hu）•ノ（no）•ム（mu）•ン（n）•
ウ（u）•リ（ri）•コ（ko） - But…
“…B-but, Nii!”
Shiro called out in confusion.
- It was a stunning result, as thirty-eight Flügel were pulled over in
various positions.
However only Shiro knew the positions of the words, not considering
the time limit.
In such a short period of time, to collect characters from twenty-five people,
for one person alone it would be – although Sora immediately smiled and –
“First we need to consider the ratings! 「Steam[8]」!!”
Billows of steam began covering the area extremely quickly, covering all
the Flügel that had been drawn there.
After which – Sora smiled from cheek to cheek, and used another
「Word Spirit」.
He splashed it at everyone in front of him – Shiro still didn’t bother reading
her brother’s actions, and she had her eyes half open.
At the same time, Sora and Shiro flapped their wings mightily and flew
away as fast as they could – and then –
“- Since everything’s in place - 「Naked[9]」!!”
The Flügel that were jumbled and tied together in various positions by
the 「Binding Light」…
- Their clothes all vanished at once, thus Sora could now tell where the
positions of the characters were.

Sora had an expression of – absolute glee on his face – and he closed his
eyes and said:
“Ah, I can see it, Shiro, I can see so many things!!”
“…Nii take the left, Shiro… the right.”
“Ah! Leave it to me, my sister! Hahahahahah! Roar, my left hand!”
The sister glanced at him with a gaze so cold that even the atoms around hit
absolute zero temperatures, while the brother had a gaze so fiery that the
magnetic fields around them would evaporate.
- If the temperature of people’s gazes could cause effect, the entire planet
would probably be engulfed in a typhoon.
But luckily – “Ah!” “Yah!”
- The only thing the scene was engulfed with was the chorus of twenty-five
Flügel’s moans.
Although he wanted to continue listening to that chorus, Sora and Shiro
could only pass through them quickly and leave them behind.
After which they accelerated up high into the skies once again.
“- How should I put it, your actions were so fast that even I was amazed.”
“Heheheh, you can compliment me more, Plum! Heheheh.” “…Nii, your
pervertedness is as long as a parsec[10]…”
“Did I just get scolded with an astronomical unit!? Your brother worked
very hard for all this!!”
- Sora had collected twelve characters, and Shiro thirteen.
Also, Sora had enjoyed some unnecessary skin-on-skin contact and had made
some disgusting noises, to which Shiro scolded him outright.
The brother was rather upset at the sister scolding him with a unit that
represented about 3.26 light years, however Shiro didn’t stop there.
“…Nii, 「Steam」 and 「Naked」…you wasted…three characters…”
“Hey, my dear younger sister, stop fooling around, how was that a waste?
Imposible.”
Sora smiled a smile so exaggerated even an American would be proud, and
he rebutted Shiro’s words:

“There were three glorious aims to that action: collecting the characters;
preventing them from chasing us again since they will now have an aversion
to flying naked; and most importantly –“
Sora stopped for a while – and continued with an incredibly solemn
expression…
He declared determinedly:
“It was the choice of Steins;Gate[11].”
“…More like the Gate of Nii’s desires…”
Shiro continued to comment in an icily cold tone, while Plum detected
presences behind them and she yelled out:
“Waaaaahahh~~ they’re coming at us from behind without shame!!”
“What~!? I didn’t think of that!! ...They’re coming from in front too, Shiro?”
“…No words.”
Shiro replied somewhat unpleased, as multiple completely naked Flügel
who had escaped the binding lights as well as three others were
approaching from the back and front respectively.
Sora intentionally faced the oncoming Flügel, prepared his camera and
constructed a 「Word Spirit」.
After which the two gracefully dodged their outstretched hands
– and threw the 「Word Spirit」 over.
“- 「Fondle breasts[12]」”… they yelled.
After which they did a backflip in the air, and Sora used his wing to cover
Shiro’s eyes and activated his camera.
“Now these people will help me trip up our
pursuers…phew…”
The clothes-wearing Flügel began to fondle the breasts of the naked Flügel,
slowing down their pace.

“Phew – I finally saw Nirvana with my very own eyes… what a glorious sight,
but sadly it’s at night so I wonder whether the camera did get those shots?”
“…I’m speechless to the point where I don’t know whether to feel awed by
Sora-dono anymore…”
Part 9
- The Masters who were dancing about in the skies appeared so cheerful and
energetic, and they could even smile in the face of danger.
However looking at those shadows projected in the night sky, Azrael still
couldn’t seem to understand.
“-…”
Jibril didn’t know how many times she had sighed at Azrael who merely
had her brow furrowed in confusion.
…At this rate the Masters would win – although there would be no
meaning in that.
Azrael would betray the Masters’ expectations without knowing
anything -!
“…Senpai, why can’t you just understand…” “-…”
“You want to order everyone to commit suicide just like that? To die just
because of you?”
Azrael still couldn’t understand the heavy undertones of worry within
Jibril’s voice.
- Why should the Flügel fear death?
The Flügel shouldn’t even possess that emotion.
And she wasn’t afraid of her own death – she was afraid of those brats?
“You saw the Masters’ faces, those children’s faces, and you still don’t
understand a thing? If you seal those children’s potential just because of
your own stupidity and stubbornness, and waste this six thousand years –“
- Please, please understand.
“The one that wasted these six thousand years – is you!!”
Tears were almost appearing in Jibril’s eyes, and her voice sounded as if
she was trying her hardest to squeeze it out.

But Azrael still couldn’t understand, what was it that she didn’t understand?
What is it? What is it…!
-…
“Ugh~ I can’t catch them!!”
“Go around the other way and surround them! Fire the binding magic in
a cross shape! As long as we make them waste their words, we have a
chance!”
“Huh~? But they’ll still avoid it anyway.”
“Just try it, if we can’t we’ll just think of another way, let’s go!”
The Flügel began dancing about in the air after a brief discussion,
and for some reason –
On their faces were pure, unadultered – smiles. - …What made
them so happy?
Sora and Shiro once again spiralled downwards as they realized they were
firing at them in a cross shape, and avoided the shots entirely as expected.
“Really, look, they did dodge it.”
“Heh, so let’s fire at them simultaneously from above and below!
Everyone scatter and fire at my signal!”
“Understood!!”
- …What made them so happy?
How could they possibly smile like that while chasing an enemy they
couldn’t beat?
-…
Azrael seemed frustrated at herself for not understanding, while Jibril
spoke softly to her:
“Senpai, do you remember my battle record?
“…I remember all of it-nyan, I remember everything my cute little sister has
done.”
She bent her head down and appeared to look into the horizon
– somewhere that wasn’t where she was – and smiled with a faraway gaze.

“Gigants, you helped to take down nineteen of them, and killed one of them
by yourself; and the Dragonias, you helped to take down three of them, and
killed one of them by yourself -!”
- The severed heads of the Dragonias that were hanging on the humongous
tree on the outskirts of the city were Jibril’s trophies.
And that skull was to celebrate her results, Azrael had put it there
intentionally – it was a decoration, and –
“Phantasma, you helped to kill three – and killed one by yourself, nyan.”
Just the same, Jibril was the only one that had managed to kill a Phantasma
alone.
Azrael smiled while recalling their past – that smile had nothing
sinister to it, nor was it fake.
“The final unit had had such amazing results in combat merely throughout
two hundred and forty-five campaigns, and survived…how could I possibly
forget?”
…That was in the distant past, where all their cherished memories
were – when they still had a future.
Seeing Azrael talking about their past with a pure smile on her face, Jibril
tipped her head slightly and asked:
“…So, do you remember how many times I got injured so badly that I
needed emergency spell repair?”
“A hundred and forty-six times, nyan.” Her reply was
instant.
Jibril had always returned from the brink of death, which worried her
to no end.
“…And all those were caused by your solo campaigns-nyan…”
- The Gigants, Dragonias and Phantasma – she had killed one of each.
Jibril had killed three members of high-ranking species alone.
Although the times she had failed to do so were twenty-nine times more
than that.
And what that signified – why couldn’t she just understand, Jibril
clenched her jaw.

“So – do you know why I insisted on campaigning solo all the time?”
- That was the final hint, and Jibril’s tone carried a strong indication to
this.
Amongst her determined tone, there were slight dashes of fear of betrayal
and anticipation.
However… Azrael could only shake her head.
“…To be honest, I’ve never understood Jii-chan’s actions, and speaking of
which –“
“Yes, speaking of which they were unconquerable enemies.”
- Yes, they were all high-ranking beings that they could never hope to
conquer alone.
Because when the Flügel were created, they were never given that ability.
- This was the last chance, if she still couldn’t understand – “That’s why – I
wanted to break that mind-set.”
--….
“…I don’t understand, nyan, why is that so-nyan? What did Jii-chan see in
those two-nyan?”
“…”
Jibril was speechless.
- It was as though she was saying she had given up all her anticipation.
- If she could understand it, it was impossible that others couldn’t – that
thought slowly crumbled.
And her heart bled for Azrael, harder than she could bear, and
–
“…Jii-chan, Jii-chan is special-nyan…”
“…?”
“Jii-chan doesn’t know it, but Artosh-sama gave Jii-chan a 「Special
Ability」, so what Jii-chan understands, everyone else might not-nyan.”
“…”
Jibril remained silent, while Azrael spoke as though a confession:

“I want to know the 「Answer」 as well, I don’t want everything to end like
this!! If that happens, what would these six thousand years have been to us!?
But I just don’t understand – I’m at my limit, I just can’t lie to myself any
more-nyan!!”
- The first unit, Azrael.
Being the first Flügel to have been created, she was created by Artosh in
search of 「Perfection」.
She didn’t possess the ability to cry, but maybe because they were the only
two there…
Azrael cried out in an almost pleading fashion, and her first truly truthful
words carried an almost moist undertone to them.
- Someone please tell me.
- What are we living for?
- Why do we survive?
- What are we searching for?
- What do we have to find to prove that we have truly lived – please tell me.
Jibril looked at her speechlessly.
- However she intentionally spoke in an icily cold tone, as if pushing her
away heartlessly.
- Just like that, she spoke words that her Masters would probably use.
“…That’s how you’re making use of me – making use of your limits as an
excuse.”
“-------!!”
“No matter you or me, the ones that survived are all losers, and we have
lived as losers for six thousand years.”
Azrael bent her head low, and her fists were clenched tight.
“We didn’t learn anything the entire time, and it’s not because we’re special –
it was because of your laziness.”
Jibril clenched her fists as well.
…She suddenly recalled, although she had been in multiple near-death
situations before, she had never felt more tense.

She told herself, get your fake expression right, don’t tremble your voice,
and don’t shift your gaze.
She forcefully tied down the Spirits that made up her body, and manipulated
them.
- Could she do it? That uneasy thought flashed past her mind, but she shook
her head in denial.
It wasn’t a matter of whether or not she could do it, but she had to do it – that
was what she had learned.
She absorbed what she had learnt from her Masters, then acted upon what
she had learnt from them.
- Jibril wasn’t used to it.
She decided to make a gamble – and that was…
(Masters, I will follow you to the very bitter end, so please forgive Jibril’s
incompetence.)
She thought to herself, and with her final silver of anticipation
– she…
(So please allow me to continue believing in what the Masters have all this
time.)
Jibril imitated the most – underestimating expression she could muster.
“For this 「Cowardly, utterly weak」 you, I have only disgust from the
bottom of my heart – Azrael (trash).”
Throughout her six thousand, four hundred and seventh years of her life, it
was the first time – she told a lie.
…
…Suddenly…
Azrael’s face suddenly became devoid of all expression, and she spoke
weakly, almost exhaustedly.
“…Forget it-nyan.”
In an instant – the skies and the earth began to shake.

Chapter 3: Learn
Part 1
(…I was wrong.)
How could she not have expected this – she had went out to get groceries to
prepare sashimi as they had promised, and as Steph brought Izuna to town,
she felt extreme guilt at her carelessness.
Fear, hateful gazes, scornful insults – those negative feelings rained down
on Izuna who was walking alongside Steph.
She couldn’t possibly not have noticed them with her Werebeast
senses.
(Although we are a 「Federation」, it really isn’t all that easy to accept
different races, but still…)
She had a very clear image of it in her mind.
It was true that Izuna – the Werebeasts were conquerors and tyrants to
the Elkians.
However that was only because of the 「Ten Pledges」.
The troubles and suffering of the Imanity all stemmed from the fact that they
had lost in a game.
If it was hatred towards an end result that both parties had agreed with,
it meant they were just being sore losers –
“Why doesn’t Steph-kou hate Izuna, des?” “Huh -?”
“…Izuna was the one that took away your continent, des; so it should be
perfectly logical for you to hate me, des; but Izuna caused your grandfather
to be called a foolish king as well, des; so why don’t you hate me, des?”
Izuna looked up at Steph and asked, and Steph’s hand in hers momentarily
froze.
How could she be so rude – Steph felt angered at her own insensitivity.
Izuna was too smart.
She had faced off against Sora and Shiro, with the continent – the fates of
the Imanity and the Werebeasts on her back, with such responsibilities on
her.

- She couldn’t possibly have read nothing about it in the late king’s library.
The effects her actions could have on the Imanity, and how she would be
treated after that, she had already predicted and come to terms with those,
and the only one who didn’t realize it –
(It’s just me again…)
Looking back, since Steph had woken up – which meant right after Izuna
had learnt the Imanity language, she had covered Steph with a coat as she
slept, which was a rather large change in her attitude.
Why didn’t she realize why her attitude had changed – Steph got angry at
herself once again, although she shook her head upon looking at the young
girl’s uneasy gaze.
Since she was asked a question – she had the obligation to answer.
Walking on the streets like this, facing all those hateful gazes like this.
Izuna might begin to wonder whether Steph might hate her as well – she
needed to sweep away those unimaginable thoughts from her head.
(Yes…that’s right, normally speaking…)
If they were angry at the nobles that had belittled Steph’s beloved
grandfather, must they hate those that had been the cause of it, the Eastern
Federation – Steph didn’t know. And although she didn’t know why – she
could confirm positively that it wasn’t like that.
Suddenly, the corner of Steph’s mouth curled up in a smile. “Why? I don’t
know either ♪”
“Is Steph-kou an idiot, des.”
“Heh, maybe, but – I don’t think it’s that way.” Steph said this while
looking into Izuna’s large eyes.
- She was a young black-haired girl with stunningly obvious ears and a tail
that was even younger than Shiro.
She had faced off at an almost equal standard against 『 』, with the orders
of the third largest nation in the world on her back – she had unlimited
potential.
She was smart, diligent, pure and obedient, and she had a stunning
amount of maturity and intelligence as well.

Steph smiled cheerfully at that girl, and smiled even wider. “Because
Izuna is a good kid, and you’re cute as well.”
Steph spoke her mind, thinking that was the simplest way to express her
feelings.
Izuna widened her eyes in shock, after which her hair stood on end and she
averted her gaze expressionlessly.
She bent her head low, not allowing Steph to see her face and spoke weakly:
“Steph-kou’s such an idiot, des.”
- Even though she said this, she clutched Steph’s hand somewhat
tighter.
Steph smiled somewhat bitterly at Izuna’s easily readable attitude, and just
as she was about to step forward once more –
“Ah~ it’s Izuna!”
The two turned around at the sound of that loud roar.
Multiple figures cut through the crowd, and rushed in their direction –
those were young kids.
“W-what -!?”
As Steph was frozen momentarily in shock, the kids surrounded
them.
After which they began cheering loudly.
“It’s Izuna! How awesome! It’s her in person!”
“Hey, Izuna, let’s have a showdown! You’re really strong right?”
“You idiots, you stupid idiots, you need adults to come along, you bald
monkey!”
“Who are you people…des?”
Izuna asked confusedly as she was being overwhelmed by the crowd of
children.
As Steph was considering how to stop those kids – all of a sudden, she
noticed an animal ear and a tail in the crowd – Werebeasts were amongst
them, and she hurriedly asked:

“What are you all doing?” “We’re playing!
Together!”
One of the kids – a young girl with a pair of fox-like ears replied as
though she was just learning to speak.
“Are you…friends? With the Werebeast kids as well?” “Of course!”
Steph asked immediately in confusion, while the fox-eared girl asked
confusedly with her head slightly tilted as well.
And the Imanity boy beside her said happily: “- We became
friends through playing games!” Upon hearing this simple yet
pure sentence… Steph felt inexplicably emotional.
In that time, the kids surrounding Izuna were still blabbering on.
“Let’s have a showdown, I definitely~ won’t lose to you!”
“…I’m hungry, des. We’re going to buy fish, des. I’m very busy, des.”
Izuna looked impatiently at the young boy that was grabbing on her clothes
and was demanding her to play a game with him and said –
“…I’ll destroy you painfully next time, des.” Izuna’s mouth
curled up in a smile.
That especially obnoxious boy punched his fist into the air and cheered upon
hearing that.
“That’s great! So it’s a promise! Izuna! You better follow it!”
“I already said we need adults as well, you bunch of idiots! – Izuna-sama, I
apologize.”
Just like that, the bunch of kids disappeared just as swiftly as they had
come.
Even after all the commotion had subsided, the raging emotions within
Steph had not, and remained like ashes of a hearth fire.
“Heh…the answer turned out to be just like that…”
…The atmosphere around them had turned into that of confusion
without them realizing it.
It may be too early…

But in the near future, when those kids turned into adults… the fact that the
races used to hate each other would probably be treated as a joke.
Steph smiled with those hopes residing within her.
“It’s not very often that we get to play games – I’m sure it’ll be more fun that
way.”
“…Steph-kou, you aren’t an idiot after all, des. You’re probably pretty
smart, des.”
Steph appeared as if she had just seen a god after hearing those words.
“Ah, Izuna! You’re the only one that doesn’t call me an idiot!!”
“…But you act like one, des.”
Izuna smiled a bitter smile as Steph hugged her tearfully.
- The world would change, was changing, and would continue to change.
If it didn’t feel like it was changing – that would mean – you’re just not paying
attention –

Part 2
The world around them had changed completely. “Waaaaaahhh,
what is this!?”
Sora and others that were flying about in the night sky yelled as they
plummeted from the impact of the explosion and the strong winds.
But compared to that – the one that was screaming the loudest among them
at that turn of events was Plum.
“W -what is going on!? This Spirit power – it’s impossible even for the
Flügel!?”
The burst of energy was so strong that even Plum could feel it behind the
guise of her scarf, and she shivered in fear.
If it was someone who could use magic, he would feel abnormal upon seeing
that – this force that shook the earth, this force that was from another
dimension entirely, bent the world to its desires with its power, switching
about the scenery forcefully – no, it repainted it entirely.
“Ah~ Plum, is the situation that bad?”

They didn’t restrict 「Changing the stage」…Sora asked with that in mind,
while Plum replied with a panicked moan:
“It’s not just bad -!! T-this power is from an Old Dei, if not –“
As Plum was halfway through her sentence – she suddenly stopped as
she remembered where they were flying over.
- The Phantasma that were ranked second among the 「Sixteen Races」Avant Heim…
“…I don’t understand, we can’t comprehend it.” - Azrael was
floating in thin air.
On her face was no longer that angelic, perfect – overly perfect smile.
It didn’t even have that sensation of「Impending death」one would
experience when being stared at by a Flügel…no…
Sora felt a trickle of cold sweat run down his body, and he smiled bitterly, for
he was facing an overly powerful force – he couldn’t even feel anything.
A power beyond comprehension and imagination, a power that made Sora
and Shiro’s skin riddle with goosebumps.
The existence that had Azrael’s appearance – spoke slowly:
“「Final Unit」- we cannot understand what kind of ideals you all
possess.”
She then spoke in a hollow, emotionless voice:
“- Thus, we bequest of you to tell us the answer directly.”
「The existence」 declared to them as the scenery finally settled down.
Sora and Shiro were speechless at this turn of events.
The broken skies were dyed blood-red, the swirling sands had reached even
the stratosphere, and the cracked soil stretched across the horizon.
The skies and earth were all cracked, the seas were dry – everywhere
was full of death.
Countless splinters of rocks floated around them – those were the remains
of the earth.
The Flügel that had participated in the game, and the countless battleships
that emitted a menacing aura all appeared like a weirdly shaped fleet of
airships –

“W-what exactly is this?”
Sora asked as he recovered from his shock, however neither Shiro nor
Plum were able to answer.
The Flügel that were still flying about in the air – they had pained
expressions on their faces, seemingly familiar with this emotionally scarring
scene unfolding before them.
- Six thousand years ago – which was the final stages of the 「Great War」.
The Old Deus that had created the Flügel collected the combined energy
of the 「Airstrikes」 of the Flügel, and unleashed a single blow.
And that blow that crushed the earth, split the skies and even destroyed
planets and stars –it was a truly 「Divine Strike」.
They were standing in the very aftermath of that strike, and Azrael spoke
with the apocalypse behind her:
“- Previously we fought, and we lost.”
And behind that apocalyptic world – a huge piece of sinister-looking land
appeared.
Could it be that this was – Avant Heim’s appearance before the 「Great
War」.
That slab of land looked just like a floating whale – and this flying fortress
was not made of cubes, instead it was riddled with countless cannons and it
had a pair of blue eyes that were filled with killing intent.
“- Our Master released his most powerful strike – however it was
「Reflected back at him」, and we were completely annihilated, which was
how our Master died.”
- What had changed Jibril?
“Why did we lose? Why did we lose our Master? Why did we survive? Why –“
- What had allowed her to discover the reason why they were living?
Plum frantically attempted to keep herself conscious when faced with
this violent interrogation –
“Why did we survive, as empty weapons of a dead Master? Answer me –“
“”- 「野砲 (ヤホウ yahou) 」-“” [1] A bolt of light pierced
through Azrael’s chest.

In an instant, a glow of light lit up the evening, and the immense
explosion that came slightly after made even the atmosphere tremble.
“…Huh?”
Plum croaked dumbly, and the reply –
“You! Talk! Too! Much! Dialogues must be kept within forty words, or else
you have to include a setting to skip the text!”
“…Don’t underestimate…the impatience of...an STG player…” [2]
Sora and Shiro blurted impatiently –
When exactly had they landed on the ground and combined their 「Word
Spirits」- the two were clutching onto a metal tube.
Plum didn’t know…no, more correctly speaking she wasn’t looking at
them.
The two had used three characters to materialize a five-millimetre Howitzer
which spat fire and released a bullet which travelled at a speed even greater
than the speed of sound, piercing through Azrael, after which the fifteen
pounds of Composition B explosives contained within it blew her body to bits
with an explosion that propelled the pieces at eight
thousand miles per second, which then turned into smoke and scattered –
[3]
“- Huh~~ WHAT ARE YOU DOINGGGGG!?”
Plum cried out as she realized what had just happened, while the two
glared at her and replied: “Skipping dialogue.”
“…That guy looks like a prick…disgusting…” “D-d-do you know
who that was? That’s –“
“Of course, that was Azrael – and the Phantasma Avant Heim right?”
“…H-huh?”
Sora sighed impatiently, shook his head and continued:
“Azrael is different from the rest of the Flügel, she has horns, so I’m guessing
that’s why – essentially speaking she is the full representative of the
Phantasma Avant Heim as well, although I don’t quite know the full details.”
“…Which means…Azrael is the same as…a Phantasma…”

The two had figured out the situation completely unlike Plum, and spoke in
a rather bored fashion:
“…Jibril said it earlier, the Phantasma Avant Heim is an entirely different
world.”
Sora recalled her explanation she made as they arrived, and continued:
“Changing the scenery means changing the entire world, but if it’s an
independent world of its own, I don’t think it can affect the outside world
entirely. Which means – it changed its own world (within Avant Heim), but
when that happened she who should have been 「On top of」 Avant Heim
appeared in front of us – which is to say, that was an illusion.”
- The fact that they were able to deal damage to her proved that she was an
illusion, as if she was the real thing the 「Ten Pledges」would prevent them
from touching her.
“…Alright…Plum…here’s the question…”
Why do they look so happy? Plum didn’t seem to understand. Sora and
Shiro were truly overjoyed, while Sora continued:
“The stage just changed drastically, a scene that looks like some sort of
fortress for a final weapon appeared in front of us, and we just listened
through some long final boss-like speech – and among the 「Hour」
allocated for the game there is only -?”
“…Nine minutes and forty-four seconds left.”
“What could this possibly mean? You may now answer!”
- Plum didn’t have the knowledge Sora and Shiro possessed from their
world, so this was a rather demanding question for her.
But – as she saw the approaching thing.
Plum with an expression of despair on her face, by chance – spoke the
「Correct answer」.
“…Does it mean it’s The End?” “Huh? I’d never thought
you’d guess it.”
The huge, violent 「Binding Curtain」 fired at Avant Heim…
Sora and Shiro clutched each other’s hands and said with a smile:

“Basically it’s the 「Final Stage」- the ending’s near!” “…Climactic
scene…great performance…♪”
The two stamped on the ground, flapped their wings, left the huge burst of
noise generated from their 「Acceleration」 behind them, then smiled as
they flew towards the curtain of binding lights.
“HOW CAN YOU STILL BE LAUGHING IN A
SITUATION LIKE THISSSSSSS!!”
They sped forward at extreme speeds towards the curtain of light that
spread across Avant Heim.
- Their numbers were large, but the lights didn’t have the tracking ability
that the 「Binding Light」 fired by the rest of the Flügel had, so it was a
curtain that merely relied on its numbers and speed to crush its opponents –
the two smiled bitterly.
“Shiro, have you figured out the pattern of the curtain?” “…Almost
there…Nii?”
“You know it right? I’m the kind that - 「Dodges by pure passion」!”
Sora flapped his wing once more, while Shiro flapped according to
his beat without faltering.
They were like aerial dancers, weaving through the countless approaching
rays of light while whistling a tune, proceeding naturally –
“Compared to Touhou this really makes me wanna yawn, can we really rely
on Jibril?” [4]
“…If this is what the final boss is like…we won’t…the Flügel…are harder
to deal with.”
They nimbly dodged the curtains of light with actions Plum couldn’t
comprehend.
Sora and Shiro could even look down at their hands to make sure as they
dodged the lights.
“…Total of 「Forty-six characters」.” “…We’ve collected 「Forty
characters」…” “We’ve used 「Twenty-two」?”

The characters floating on Sora’s wrist were （si）•テ（te）•キ（ki）•ル（ru）•エ（e）•イ（i）•ツ
（tsu）•へ（he）-

タ（ta）•シ

The characters floating on Shiro’s wrist were （yo）•セ（se）•二（ni）•フ（fu）•ノ（no）•ン（n）•
リ（ri）•コ（ko） -

レ（re）•ヨ

They were stocked up well enough, but Sora said instead:
“Hmm~ ハ（ha）、コ（ko）、ミ（mi）、ヲ（wo）、チ
（chi）、ヒ（hi）…we haven’t got these six ones.”
“…But we have…the trump.”
Shiro indicated that was more than enough.
“- I’ve said it before, I’ve figured out the 「Word Spirit」 I’m going to use on
her, so I’m short of three.”
“…Under these circumstances…collecting characters is…impossible…”
The fact that they could dodge and weave about the rain of light was
already beyond Plum’s comprehension.
But if they were to deal with the Flügel under these circumstances, it
would probably be too impossible for even them.
“…We can’t go on like this, Shiro, I’m sorry, but we’ll have to use the trump.”
“…Nii, how many characters will you need?” “Fourteen.”
Shiro widened her eyes, which was a rare sight, and she examined her
brother’s face closely as though to read his intentions.
“Fourteen, that’s the least amount of letters we need, however we lack three
of them.”
However on Sora’s face – was an expression of pure seriousness.
- A 「Word Spirit」 that needed fourteen characters?
The 「Trump」 that Shiro mentioned – it was probably a 「Word
Spirit」 that could tide them through any disaster.
Although it could only be used once – it really should be used as a last
resort. However –
“…Mm, I understand…”

Since her brother said he 「Needed」 it, it meant that 「They needed it no
matter the risk」, so Shiro nodded her head in agreement.
Since she herself had no way to decipher her brother’s true intentions,
which meant her brother was correct – that was all there was to it - !
- Sora’s left hand and Shiro’s right hand, the two intertwined hands – four
characters slid and fell off those hands.
After which – Sora arranged them and formed a 「Word Spirit」.
He raised his hand high, and –
“-「切断 (セツダン setsudan) 」- !!” (TL note: Cut, split open)
He violently swung his arm horizontally – and in an instant…
The infinite curtains of light that were hovering over Avant Heim’s airspace
were suddenly cut in half as if by an invisible sword.
- Making imagination reality was a rule of this game, which was the
「Word Spirits」.
「Barrier」 and 「Cut」 were two words that could easily be made reality
as long as they were spelled out.
An omnipotent word that could attack, defend, and even both, one that
could deal with all possible situations – that was their trump.
Also the importance and usefulness of the letter 「ン (n) 」 in word games
like these was common knowledge.
The consequences brought about by them being forced to use that
omnipotent 「Word Spirit」- according to Sora’s plans –
- Everything before him was just like a bad joke - 「Split into half」.
Space, scenery, everything including Avant Heim itself was sliced into half
– even the cannons.
- After that? Just as Plum was about to ask, Sora and Shiro – decelerated.
“- Huh!?”
Plum cried out in surprise, as amongst the crumbling landscape and the
interrupted curtains, the Flügel were approaching.
“…Nii…coming.”
“…Eighteen – more than I thought, how many of them have characters on
them?”

“…Six…all present…but…”
- The real question was how would they collect all of them?
Since they had used cut earlier, they had only 「Fourteen characters」 left;
and according to what Sora had said, the last 「Fourteen」had already been
reserved.
He had also said, among the 「Six」 they had not collected, 「Three」
were important.
Even if they did collect them all, they could only use three more, and now
all they could use on them were「Three」.
“- Alright, this is our final bet, let’s go, Shiro!”
As they said this, the two did a backflip and landed in a parrying stance
– facing the oncoming Flügel –
They were just about to flap their wings, but – “- H-huh?”
Plum cried in surprise, no, Sora and Shiro felt the same way as well.
Because the oncoming Flügel, just before Sora and Shiro – they stopped.
One of their numbers bowed respectfully towards them just as Jibril had
when they had defeated her.
“The two of you need this one right?”
…As she said this, her palm was cupping the 「ハ (ha) 」 inscribed on
her chest.
As though in imitation, five more that had characters on them revealed
them as well.
Sora and Shiro felt confused as they didn’t understand their intentions,
while the Flügel simply smiled and said:
“Because we’ve already had a lot of fun spectating –“
“To be honest it’s really disappointing that we won’t get the handshake,
signature, date and sleepover vouchers though~!”
“But since we’ve got the chance to play games with you both, we’re all
content ♪”
“- So, please.”
They heard the last one say –

“We’ll leave Azrael-neesan to you, in the near future – our future Masters.”
- Finally…
Sora and Shiro understood the trap Jibril had laid within the game.
Both of them stretched out their hands towards the characters while
repressing the urge to laugh out loud.
“…Hahah, Jibril’s got a few tricks up her sleeve now!” “…Jibril…omega
good job…♪”
Sora and Shiro said teasingly, and touched the final six characters.
“…U-um, what’s going on here?”
Plum asked, being the only one not understanding the situation, while the
Flügel laughed and replied.
“Did you forget, little bug, that we’re –“
“We are the Flügel, and although we are under the command of our sister
Azrael.”
“But more than that we are huge fans of Sora-sama and Shiro-sama!”
They were all smiles – beating Plum down mercilessly with their words.
Sora and Shiro smiled bitterly as they sent them off, and once again –
flapped their wings and accelerated.
They flew towards the split open Avant Heim – towards the place where
Azrael was.

Part 3
“…It appears others have understood as well…now are you still going to
call me special?”
Jibril said with a bitter smile.
Azrael remained emotionless, although underneath that mask was torment
and bitterness.
- What was that? What just happened? I don’t understand at all.
Azrael continued to ponder the scene that had just occurred in front of her.

Amongst the slowly crumbling Avant Heim, the two were gracefully
dodging the debris.
They were heading directly straight – at them, as though they knew her
exact position!
No, they did know! They had used a cannon to dispel her illusion, then crossreferenced the 「Original landscape」 with this broken and crumbling land,
then deduced her and Jibril’s original positions, assuming they didn’t move –
no, they were sure of it!
- A bitter memory flashed through Azrael’s mind upon realizing that.
Artosh was killed in the same fashion back then.
All his defenses were overcome, all his actions were saw through, all his
barricades and obstacles were slipped past by the enemy, and in the end –
her Master was murdered.
Why did we lose? Why did we survive! Why are we still alive!?
……….
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH H!!”
“Plum! You’re being too noisy!!”
As Avant Heim slowly crumbled around them, they weaved about the
countless debris faster than the speed of sound.
If they were to miscalculate even the slightest, they would die – under those
circumstances, the two flew at breakneck speeds, causing Plum to cry out.
“AAAAAH-ARE YOU TWO CRAZY-AAHHHHHHHHH!!”
“I’M TIRED OF HEARING THAT LINE! SHIRO!!”
The scenery in front of them crumbled, countless cubes fell, tunnels were
blocked, and turning around was impossible – at this rate they would crash.
“WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!”
Plum cried out once again, while Shiro calmly assembled a 「Word
Spirit」 beside her.
“-「ミニ (mini) 」…” Eighteen characters
remained.
The 「Word Spirit」 activated as it came into contact with one of the cubes
in front of them.

One of the cubes shrunk, creating a small gap, but the crack was just too
small for two to fit through –
Sora who was assembling a 「Word Spirit」 at the same time, immediately
pointed at the hole and yelled:
“-「ヘル (heru) 」!!” [5] - Sixteen characters
left.
The two continued soaring after passing through that gap as small as a
pinhole.
As Plum was beginning to be astonished by their astounding adaptability,
Sora suddenly said:
“Plum, could you stick out your teeth for a sec?” “No! I have a bad
feeling about this, so no!!”
“Really? How disappointing – I wanted to give you some blood –“
“Sorry, I was wrong! I will place my teeth on Sora-sama’s shoulder, you’ll
be able to tell from the sensation!!”
“-「血 (チ chi) 」” [6]
- Fifteen characters left.
The blood flowed out from his uncut fingertips, dripping onto Plum’s teeth.
Plum managed to absorb blood without even biting with her lips.
“Oh, what is this stuff!? This thick, rich, sweet yet bitter texture and a smooth,
refreshing tone, the bewitching sensation of a soul is flowing through my
body! If a comparison needs to be made, it’s like a turtle shedding tears after
giving birth under a moonlight night ♥”
- Sora smiled bitterly as Plum began yelling out some rather
incomprehensible food review.
“Are you energized yet?”
“Of course~! My strength is coursing through me! Now I feel like I can do
anything!”
Plum – no, huge amounts of flowers began blooming on the scarf, and
floated about in the air.

Sora and Shiro smiled evilly at her cries of joy. “Isn’t that great,
so –“
“…You can do…anything right…”
“- Yeah…that’s what I thought as well…”
Part 4
Six thousand years ago – Artosh was being conquered.
The Flügel were desperate at this unbelievable yet inarguably true turn of
events.
They were god-killers created by Artosh – a sword to eliminate other races.
They would give the throne of the One True God to Artosh – a sword for this
very purpose.
But as they saw their Master murdered in front of them, his lifeless body
with no purpose of existence, the one and only sword lost its meaning to
live.
They were a sword that was always swung by the command of others, so
they never needed to make any decisions, although then – questions
surfaced.
The race created by Artosh and its acolytes had come up with a conclusion in
their desperation – which was to stop thinking.
She did not know who started it, but she had concentrated all her strength
– and pierced through her own body.
They were a tool created to fight for the throne of the One True God, and
since their Master whom they would give it to was gone, the tool had no
reason to exist.
As she saw her sisters piercing themselves through one by one, Azrael – the
first unit, in pure desperation, told a lie.
No, to be precise, it wasn’t a lie.
It was just that as she witnessed her sisters piercing themselves through and
losing the lights in their eyes, she couldn’t bear to tell them.
- The orders of the Master were not yet completed.

It was impossible, but if, just if, he were to fall in combat – you must replace
me and find out why I, the god of war, fell to an unknown power – that was
the final order of the Master.
- It was a command given to Azrael alone – an order.
However she lied and said it was an order for all Flügel, after which she
continued:
- After we attain this goal, the final order of the Master would be complete.
- So when that time comes please let me decide whether or not we are still
of use.
…It was a lie of convenience.
And despite this – the Flügel began pursuing the 「Unknown」
that had defeated their Master.
At the same time as the war ended, they had gathered all their knowledge,
as though they were going to transform all the unknowns in the world to
their knowledge.
And as time passed, after six thousand years – they still had not found the
answer.
Azrael had thought that if there was one person that would be able to find
the answer, it would be Jibril.
Those were the Master’s final words, the Final Unit is a special Unit.
But…
- I’m already…tired-nyan…
Part 5
Sora and Shiro reached the main hall where Azrael may have been.
…It was very dark, so Sora assembled and activated a 「Word Spirit」.
“-「ヒ (hi) 」!” [7]
- Fourteen characters left, just nice.
Now they just had to use up the final fourteen, and they could finish the
level with all forty-six perfectly used.
“But, we can’t use any more 「Word Spirits」 until then… sorry, Shiro.”

“…As long as it’s Nii…if your judgement deems it…Shiro believes it.”
Along with this line that made the brother unbelievably blissful - 「Light」
lit up the floor.
“- We searched for six thousand years, but we were still unable to find
the 「Answer」.”
There was an empty throne in the lit floor. Azrael stood in
front of it, and –
“Who is ‘we’ referring to? Aside from you, it seems that a lot of people have
understood already!”
Sora said while looking over at Jibril who was sitting next to her with her
eyes closed.
“Searching for a non-existent 「Answer」, I’ m already tired of floating
around without a purpose in this boring world.”
That was Azrael – and the Phantasma Avant Heim located within her.
The two – no, a puppet and an illusion’s confession.
“- If the 「Answer」 of the 「Final Unit」 is the same as our lies.”
After a short pause, she looked at Sora and Shiro with a gaze of despair
deeper than a crater and said:
“We will consider the cause for the Master’s death to be 「Simple
coincidence」- and end the entire Flügel race.”
“That would be a problem.” “…Jibril
is…our…comrade.”
The two replied nonchalantly in a relaxed manner, intentionally avoiding the
subject while Sora slipped into thought.
“I see, so you guys crammed huge amounts of knowledge into your brains
just for your so-called 「Answer」, I understand that part. To be honest, I
don’t understand the meaning and emotional drive behind that, but could
you just let me ask one question?”
After which, in the exact same manner as he had rejected Azrael
originally.

- He looked at her with eyes that clearly revealed he was truly bored with
the subject matter, and said:
“…Have you ever relied on yourself to think and write anything -?”
“- !?”
Azrael widened her eyes, and beside her Jibril bent her head low. Jibril was
holding onto a book that she treated as a bible, a book that garnered fans
even in Avant Heim.
It was a hand-written – observational diary of Sora and Shiro – detailing the
story of an incomplete future…
“But, I see now. If Shiro and I win, you will help to collect books for us, and
if we lose we have to do an autograph session, but you’ve actually made
other wagers beyond our knowledge other than this one. Jibril actually bet
her life without discussing it through with us, so we’ll have to punish her
later, but –“
- Sora grabbed Shiro’s arm tightly and spread his wing.
“Do you really not know why Jibril would agree to a bet like that?”
“- Because she believes that you can reveal an 「Answer」 we will be
agreeable with –“
“Look, you idiot! You’re really a huge idiot!! You even dare to call yourself a
sister!?”
Sora yelled – his face filled with 「Pure rage」, and Sora – yelled again:
“- It’s because she believes in you! She put her life on the line because she
trusts that you, as a sister, would be able to understand!!”
…
……
Sora and Shiro focused their strength on their legs – assembling
the final 「Word Spirit」.
“You can’t even understand something as simple as this, and you dare to ask
her to call yourself her sister!?”
“…It’s just too hilarious…sleep-talk should be said when
sleeping…and…!”
At the same time – the two kicked the ground and jumped. - So fast.

It was a jump boosted by the acceleration 「Word Spirit」, and the two
approached at an astonishing speed.
However Azrael had the power of a Phantasma within her, and to her – their
movements were as slow as a snail.
“…I see, Jii-chan believed in me so much that she even bet her life…”
She realized that she had failed to understand something as simple as
that, and she wasn’t even able to deduce her intentions – so…
“- Yes, just end everything…”
Azrael said this as she kicked the ground and lifted off as well.
Within the hall where the ceiling was barely a few hundred feet high, the two
would clash in but an instant as they were traveling at supersonic speeds.
- The ending was predetermined, Azrael would stretch out her hand and
grab them, and everything would be over.
She really couldn’t find the answer in the end, but someone found it – so –
that’s enough.
Just end in like this – this six thousand – meaningless years –
“AAAAAAHHHH I’M SORRY I’M SORRY PLEASE DON’T KILL ME~~!”
…
“- What?”
Azrael bent her head down, and a loud cry echoed throughout the room as
she grabbed onto her target.
She should have caught Sora and Shiro, but the one that was yelling was –
that, um, what was her name again?
…Huh? Had she ever asked for her name in the first place?
- It was some Dhampir girl she didn’t know.
- It was a 「Deception Spell」- she understood this just a little bit too late.
The deceiving magic of the Dhampirs – it was a race -exclusive magic that
could fool even the Elves or the Flügel at its maximum ability.
If it was just after absorbing a powerful Spirit – blood – maybe it might even
fool an Old Deus?

But if so, Sora and Shiro’s wings were – where did they go after they
accelerated -!?
- Azrael’s mind began racing.
She felt a presence swooping by her at a terrifying speed, and in an instant
it was almost as if time had stopped.
Everything became slow-motion, and Azrael saw it.
Without Plum – without the scarf – the Imanity without their wings –
As they met briefly, Sora’s fist landed upon Azrael’s shoulder.
“- 「縛りプレエデこの世を生きろ」-“ [8]
- Zero characters left.
Azrael widened her eyes in shock, but what she was surprised at wasn’t the
「Word Spirit」 she was hit by.
It was – the two who were flying at high speeds – managed to remove their
wings and allow Plum to disguise herself!?
“「No restrictions on magic usage」- right?”
After that brief exchange, Azrael heard a voice that should have been
impossible for her to hear – as she turned around she confirmed that it was
indeed Sora who said it.
But – at that sort of speeds, if a human body were to lose its wings – and
hit the ground, they would definitely die –
A sentence that utterly stunned Azrael and yet answered all of her doubts
rang in her ears.
“- Approximately sixty minutes…game…over.” - Without any
clocks nor other tools.
Just as Shiro recited the numbers that existed only in her mind
–
Jibril teleported, and gracefully…respectfully caught her two Masters.
That turn of events made Azrael feel extremely distant, while the 「Word
Spirit」 previously placed on her activated.
「Forever burdened」. Within Azrael, even Avant Heim’s strength was
sealed as well.

As the colossal amount of energy that could rewrite worlds was released, the
hall and even the landscape began shattering like glass.
Freefalling under such circumstances, Azrael’s eyes remained wide in
shock.
She didn’t need to think hard to remember – no doubt, this feeling was the
same as when Artosh – her Master was conquered – a true sensation of
「Fear」.
…She didn’t understand.
There were too, too, too many things that she just couldn’t understand.
Scary, how scary, how much do they actually know, they actually could
make such a dangerous bet.
No matter how much I gather knowledge, make battle plans, how much I
prepare, in the very bitter end it’s still an unknown
–
Within the darkness of all these variable elements, how could they – how
could they possibly step on a silk wire like this without hesitation?
She had seen so many extraordinary things in quick succession.
The freefalling, continuously descending Azrael lost consciousness
–

Part 6
In her dream, Azrael saw her Master Artosh’s memories.
The everlasting chaos would only bring strength to the 「God of War」
Artosh.
The Old Deus that fed on battle hunger, hostility, hatred and blood – the
God of War Artosh.
And now he and the splinters of his eighteen wings – the feathers (the
Flügel) and his follower the Phantasma (Avant Heim), with such a small
army, one god, one Phantasma, and one race – waged war on the entire
world, and had achieved a crushing victory.
The throne of the One True God was in Artosh-sama’s grasp…it was
unquestionable.

A Master like that, had only ever mentioned the possibility of defeat once.
“There’s a chance I might be defeated.”
- You’re joking. “I’m very strong.”
- Of course.
“Nobody’s strength is greater than mine.” - Of course.
“That’s why there’s something I just can’t understand.”
Something you can’t understand?
“I can’t understand it, because only the weak are able to. It’s the unknown
possibility that I may lose to one stronger than I.”
- ……
“That’s why I wanted to create – a unit that has the 「Imperfection」
one strong as I am does not possess.”
- Imperfection?
“The imperfect unit will use its full power – whether or not it can exert its
power and overcome adversities, I won’t understand it.”
- ……
“But no matter whether I win or lose – in the end they will all be
「Causes」.”
“The first feather of my eighteen wings, first unit Azrael.” …Yes.
“When I fall in combat, please be my witness as the loser, and mourn for me.”
- Azrael doesn’t know what Master saw.
But at the same time as he hinted at the possibility of defeat, the Master
wasn’t scared, instead he had appeared like a true God of War –
Anticipating the appearance of an unknown enemy – and despite this he
strived to overcome this unknown –
A smile of simple courage yet of true happiness.
“So, let’s now create this special unit…her name shall be –“ Just like that, the
Master Artosh…

He finally produced his last work – the 「Special Unit」 who became the
「Final Unit」- the imperfect unit.
In the end, it was also the unit that was able to witness the answer at the end
of the horizon where even the Master could not.
The Master called out her name. - Jibril.

Part 7
“…Senpai, are you finally awake?”
- My body is so heavy, that was Azrael’s first thought as she awoke.
My wings can’t move, and I just can’t seem to be able to use force – no!
She realized that she had never known how it felt to use the strength of
her own body.
How does my body move? Isn’t it just like teleporting?
The so -called earth – is this how it limits the presence of my being?
Raising her head that felt heavy as a rock, Azrael looked down at her own
shadow.
And looking down at her was Jibril – and the two Imanity Sora and Shiro.
The lowest ranked among the 「Sixteen Races」, the weakest species
looked down at her and said.
“You attempted to play a game with the status of 「I’m the strongest」, then
you decided it was a crappy game just after a single loss, now that’s just
ridiculous.”
Shiro smiled as well as she heard Sora’s words – however Azrael
couldn’t understand what they meant –
“Now you’re going to replay the game with the status of 「The weakest」,
and if you still think it’s a crappy game –
“
“…We’ll play with you…as many times as needed…”
She understood that the 「Word Spirit」 that used on her – limited her
abilities to that of an Imanity’s.

The very smiles of the siblings told her this – Azrael bent her head down
and smiled bitterly.
- So, she couldn’t fly, she didn’t have magic, and she wasn’t even able to
see spirits.
Distance, gravity, all these concepts that she had never experienced
were now tying her down.
She rolled to the side, focused her energy on her restricted arms and
stretched towards the sky.
- So high, the skies are so high, and the earth so wide.
The power that was acting on her body was as if an infinite wall had been
built up between her and the sky and earth.
She couldn’t even imagine what it felt like to 「Fly」 anymore.
Even if one were to tell her she could fly, she didn’t have any intention to.
And that scared her.
While the two Imanity that were restricted in the same way – laughed as they
soared through the skies, and had said they had tricked her.
“…The taste of the earth…isn’t that bad…right?”
“If you don’t crash to the ground, you’ll never have the urge to fly again.”
They had soared in the skies so freely, and yet they were able to say that
crashing once wasn’t bad.
“- Right, you can climb up after you fall down, so there’s a next time, isn’t
it?”
Sora smiled as he stretched his hand towards her – for that was what they
had done all this time.
- Finally, in Azrael’s mind, everything connected seamlessly and she
couldn’t help but smile.
Too late, she was just too late, it was but reasonable that they called her an
idiot, Azrael thought as she grabbed onto that outstretched hand.
“…Senpai’s brain is just too stubborn.”
Jibril looked at her with her eyes half open yet caring, and welcomed
Azrael as she stood up.

Artosh’s final work – the imperfect unit. She was the 「Special
Unit」, and the 「Final Unit」.
Her imperfections merely meant that – she would strive to be perfect.
Because she was imperfect, she would naturally strive for the unknown, the
future and hope.
- Azrael finally understood – the reason why Jibril insisted on campaigning
alone.
“…Jii-chan’s brain is too active-nyan…”
She had destroyed the Elves’ city and brought all those books back with all
smiles even without being ordered to.
She had conquered all the higher ranked species alone despite being told it
was impossible, and had returned near death every single time.
She had deserted the council, left her hometown, and even brought new
Masters as she returned –
It was exactly because she was imperfect – that’s why she would –
become stronger than anyone.
“…I see, so there really are things that can’t be understood just through
reading-nyan…”
The so-called understanding wasn’t just reliant on memorization
and increasing knowledge.
It was through actualization, personal experiences, it was only when it
assimilates into your very soul that one can truly understand something.
The thing that neither Artosh nor Azrael could understand - 「The
unknown」.
That was the 「Possibility」 - the characteristic that could turn the
impossible into possible.
It was exactly because they were the strong ones, exactly because they
absolutely couldn’t fail, exactly because they couldn’t lose – that they
were unable to understand this.
While –
“It’s obvious that when one becomes a loser one is no longer
perfect…however I…always feared that-nyan.”

Only Jibril had slowly understood that every single time as she neared
defeat/
- Whenever they lost, no matter the Flügel or Avant Heim, they were unable
to grasp this imperfection.
While – never once faltering in her footsteps, it was no surprise that Jibril
had left.
The Flügel – Azrael and the others could only gather knowledge.
Only Jibril freely pursued her curiosity, created knowledge, and left
behind everything she needed to know.
She was a truly strong person, yet she was always striving towards an
even greater goal – she even had respect towards the 「Unknown」.
- That could only mean one thing.
“Nyahaha, nyahahahaha…how boring, I’d never thought that it would be this
boring after I understood it.”
She looked down, and she could only laugh – which meant… “Have you
finally understood?”
“Yes, I get it now – there’s nothing particular to be understoodnyan.”
- How could she not laugh at that?
The answer that they had been searching for over six thousand years – in
the end there was 「No answer at all」“The unknown will definitely never be reversed into knowledge, because
our knowledge will eventually transform into the unknown, there is no end
to this as what may be common knowledge yesterday may not be common
knowledge today.”
It was because that she had never lost, so after her first loss, she was truly
able to fear – the unknown.
The more she tried to understand it, the further it shrank away from her.
“So the important thing is not to 「Memorize」, it’s to 「Learn」- and even
enjoy the risk that comes with adapting to the situation.”
Thus – the only way was to continuously strive forward –
“The reason why we lost in the Great War was because we were unable to
accomplish that. Azrael-senpai, when I lost to the Masters and kneeled in

front of them to acknowledge my subservience, Artosh’s final order – was
completed.”
Azrael looked down and mumbled:
“…Artosh-sama…did I accomplish your final orders as well?”
- Did she not have to lie anymore?
Azrael looked up at the distant skies once again as she wiped away her
tears.
She had never realized that she had the ability to shed tears – was this
enough to appease Artosh-sama?
Sora looked at her face.
“…I’m not really sure what you’re getting at, but that expression isn’t
half bad.”
Finally – Sora spoke to Azrael with a smile on his face.
“…May I ask you four questions? Imanity – no, So-chan, Shi-chan.”
- There was no answer in the first place, they merely had to go back to
square one – which meant that she had some things to confirm.
“You both…what do you live for?”
“For Shiro, of course.” “…For Nii.”
“What if one of you were to die?”
“If we die we die together, so there isn’t much of a big deal.” “…Together.”
“Why…what keeps you living?” “I have no idea!”
“…God knows!”
“We don’t have time to be considering this sort of thing, we’re different
from you anyway, life is short.”
“…Busy…”
- They didn’t hesitate throughout, Sora replying with a smile on his face
while Shiro replied rather seriously.
But – those weren’t the answers she was looking for – she could only
reference them.
So at last – Azrael asked:

“Can I…can I be like Jii-chan as well?” “That’s impossible, you
can only be yourself.”
- They replied without hesitation as well, which was to be expected.
She had known that since long ago, but as Azrael began looking
increasingly melancholy, Sora instead –
“But what’s wrong with that?”
Completely cheerful – his smile was, without a doubt –
“Your expression now is excellent, I love it when you’re like this.”
- He spoke with a smile as wide as the skies.
…
…Nyahahaha.
“The answer that we’d searched for over so long turned out to be 「Going
back to square one」, I can’t take this, even people who can live forever get
tired you know-nyan.”
Yes – thinking for oneself, which was their – reply.
She had to look for it herself, then find her own answer that belonged to
her and her alone just like Jibril had.
- As long as she knew she could accomplish it – it was enough. Azrael said
tiredly, however –
Suddenly, she heard Jibril apologizing to Sora.
“…Masters, I put my own life on the line on my own accord, and even had to
rely on your strength in the end…I offer my sincerest apolo –“
“Ah~ about that, Jibril.”
Sora scratched his head, seemingly not knowing where to start and said:
“This fellow over here doesn’t have the rights to order all Flügel to
commit suicide!”
“-------What!?”
Ignoring the speechless Jibril, Azrael said bitterly: “Huh? The cat’s
out of the bag!”
She stuck out her tongue evilly and laughed.

“Banning the act of suicide without permission – doesn’t actually mean I can
order you all to commit suicide! Hmm~ I’d never thought that this lie would
go unnoticed for over six thousand years, nyahahaha ♪”
Shiro continued even more directly –
“…And even if she did…Jibril belongs to…Nii and Shiro…”
She had dragged her masters in, and had prepared to die –
As Sora noticed that Jibril’s shoulders were beginning to tremble in
anger, he sighed and said:
“- But if it’s just Azrael alone, she can do it.”
Jibril inhaled sharply as she heard that, while Azrael immediately
erased her smile.
“This fellow over here bet herself and only herself from the very beginning,
as no matter the consequence she was prepared to die alone. What kind of
sister would tell her beloved imouto to go kill herself? She’s Jibril’s trusted
sister after all!”
- Azrael remained silent, then sighed and replied.
And that reply was more convincing than any form of protest she may have
made.
If there was an 「Answer」, and if the Flügel could find that answer, even if
she were to exercise her rights for all of them to commit suicide, no one
would want to die. Even if there was no answer, with Jibril at the head of
them, if they could all find a reason to continue living, they wouldn’t want to
kill themselves as well anyway.
- At that time, Azrael whose purpose of living was to prevent anyone from
committing suicide, would have completed her mission.
“…So-chan, have you ever pissed people off by not minding your own
business?”
“Yeah, many times, and I pissed them off a lot as well. However I decided
long ago that I won’t let anyone die in this world (game), so –“
- She heard a single clap.
“Let’s play a game.”
Sora clapped his hands and spoke while laughing.

“It would be a pain if we had to start from scratch, huh?” - No doubt, so
let’s play a game.
“So, things are simple now, anyway let’s switch a game first.”
- It would definitely be an extremely interesting game. “We want to
make this world – even more interesting.”
- A game that would never get boring.
“As for whether or not we can do it – so, which side will you bet on?”
…
-…..
“Nyaha…nyahahah, nyahahahahahhahahahah!!”
In six thousand years, no, possibly for the first time in her life, she laughed
sincerely.
Maybe because her physical abilities were being restrained by the Imanity –
she laughed too hard to the point where her stomach began to ache.
Azrael laughed so emotionally that she even started to cry, and she raised
her head – and then - She grabbed onto Sora and kissed him.
“Ugh!?” “…!?”
“What – M, Master!? A-Azrael-senpai!!”
…For a full few seconds, Azrael tongue-kissed Sora and stopped.
“Nyahaha~ if both sides bet that 「It’s possible」, the bet won’t be valid
♥”
“”…””
Sora appeared lost, while the other two looked at them with gazes that
could kill, and Azrael spoke, ignoring them:
“We...as for me who wanted to die, you gave me a chance to have fun with
you all, and so I’m extremely overjoyed at your request-nyan. But – I don’t
yet have the right to walk alongside So-chan like Jii-chan does.”
She waved and turned to leave…she felt the gravity that restrained her
body and continued forward.

Her sister worried about her, the Imanity worried about her, comforted
her, and even prevented her from committing suicide.
No matter what you were to say – if this were to go on, I would be relying on
them too much, and she smiled bitterly.
“But this is fine as well, since I bet it’s 「Possible」 too-nyan? Before the
results come out – I’ll try my best to wait for it, since Jii-chan believes in menyan, I hope that you all can just wait for me a while more.”
Part 8
“…Nii…you let her kiss you.”
“Just wait a minute here, no matter how you look at it, she forced herself
on me right?”
“You say that, Master, but because of the 「Ten Pledges」 it isn’t possible to
abuse another’s rights, so unless the Master had allowed it subconsciously
there was no other way that Azrael-senpai could have kissed you.”
“Wait a second, if I were to deny a beautiful lady like that unconsciously
that would be disastrous to me as a guy!”
“…Nii is fine with anyone…as long as it’s a girl…” “You’re just like
Ino-sama.”
“Come on already, no matter how you look at it, I’m the victim! Right!
Hey!”
Azrael’s mouth curled up in a smile as she heard the commotion
behind her, and she spoke softly as she was leaving:
“…Speaking of which, Jii-chan-nyan.”
“…You finally added a –nyan to that. Ignoring the fact that you were rude to
my Masters and that you’ve been lying to us for so long – even someone as
tolerant as I am almost about to get angry. What is it? Azrael-senpai.”
Jibril teleported beside her and spoke unhappily. Azrael asked her
a question that she had thought of.
“Jii-chan -nyan, why do you think the Imanity had survived during the
Great War?”
“It was because…”

That was a question that had nestled inside Jibril for an extremely long
period of time, and it had begun to trouble her even more recently.
The Imanity were seen as too weak, so no one had paid particular
attention to them and thus they had survived.
But after meeting Sora and Shiro, Jibril felt confused.
At the end of the Great War, the entire Elkian continent was the territory
of the Imanity, was that just by pure chance –
The Imanity – Azrael attempted to guesstimate the source of their power.
“Let’s say that they keep losing until they can’t lose anymore
– that’s the Imanity.”
- They continued 「 Learning」 by using defeat or loss as their premise, not
fearing the unknown, instead happily diving into it.
Because they were more imperfect than anyone, they were a race that
strived to be even more perfect than anyone – if so…
Azrael smiled bitterly, and the reason behind it was not because of the
reason they survived, but…
“…Why didn’t I take notice of a race like that during the Great War?”
- Jibril inhaled sharply.
Ignoring the two Masters for now, the late king that had exposed the
Eastern Federation’s game, and Kurami who had collaborated with an Elf.
The potential they had shown was almost scary – Jibril had experienced
this personally.
They were sometimes borderline insane, and at times even not afraid of
death – despite this, they were able to bring in the next generation.
“A race that continued to learn continuously – why did I not take a threat
like that into consideration –“
That would mean that no matter how weak one was, as long as one could
keep on collecting knowledge, that person would become an unavoidable
threat.
If she had noticed the full potential of that race earlier, what would she
have done during the Great War?

It was obvious – they would be 「Too dangerous」, and she would have
eliminated them immediately.
“- And all our records of the Imanity – they were completely erased, and why
is that?”
Yes, all the records of the Imanity during the Great War had all been
destroyed – it was almost unnatural.
“Nyahahaha~ I just thought of it randomly-nyan, maybe we –
“
As Azrael said this, she looked towards Sora and Shiro. “The battlefield isn’t
just on the Elkian continent anymore.”
No doubt, that was something that looked like they would have done.
“The Ex-Machinae that killed Artosh-sama were acting suspiciously
during the final stages of the Great War, if –“
Halfway through her sentence – she smiled without a trace of humour in
her eyes, and concluded.
“Could they have been manipulated by the Imanity -?”
If so – the death of Artosh that was the ignition fuse for the end of the war –
- Was intentionally manipulated by someone - ?
“Just joking~~ I must be thinking too much? Nyahahaha”
As she said this, Azrael left behind Jibril who was standing motionless
and continued forward.
- She should have had walked for a quite a distance, but she didn’t reach
anywhere.
Jibril who should have been behind her long ago was still beside her
nonchalantly, making Azrael feel rather awkward.
“Jii-chan-nyan, I’ll do as they say and live shackled temporarily-nyan
– and then…”
She laughed.
“During the next council meeting I’ll propose for 「Avant Heim to join the
Elkian Federation」-nyan.”

“…I don’t think that proposal will be approved for now.” It was something
that Jibril clearly desired –
As she considered this, Azrael smiled cunningly at her.
“Observing and learning from those kids (Elkia). The 「Answer」 that we
found – it will merely be a 「Superficial Alliance」 created in order to allow
everyone to fulfil Artosh-sama’s final order – how does that sound? Nyaha”
Her expression seemed to say: I didn’t lie for six thousand years for
nothing.
“…That’s pretty hard to turn down…”
Avant Heim was originally a completely neutral faction, without land
nor resources.
If it was a figurative alliance, and there was no moral duty for them to help
out Elkia, they only had to participate when their own interests were at hand
–
Also they would have the assurance of the Representative of the Winged
that it was an alliance for Artosh – so they should have no reason to refuse.
…Her mind’s clearly so sharp, but why – Jibril sighed. “But…”
Suddenly – Azrael looked at her solemnly in stark contrast from her
previous appearance.
“All the Flügel including myself, before we judge whether the potential of
Elkia (those two) is worthy for us to believe in, I won’t allow them to refer to
those two as their 「New Masters」- understood?”
“Of course, everyone needs to understand this themselves, thus I’ll continue
preaching from today onwards, don’t worry.”
As long as she were to continue preaching her Bible (observation diary),
increase their amount of fans – disciples it would be fine, Jibril told herself.
Azrael smiled bitterly and turned towards her once again. “…Before that,
can I entrust those two to Jii-chan-nyan?”
Those two were a yet unknown combination, so Azrael could understand
why they were so full of charisma.

But at the same time – she was afraid for them, as if they were to die before
she were to make a conclusion, there would be a lot of trouble, after which
she said:
“I’m not asking this as the Representative of the Winged, but merely as a
friend – please?”
- Jibril smiled as she always had.
“I’ve always believed in protecting my masters even if I have to sacrifice
myself – so I refuse.”
“- Really, now…nyahahaha…”
Which was hinting that they weren’t friends – which was but of course, after
doing all those outrageous things, she still dared to call herself a friend –
“But if you keep dragging your feet like this, you’re going to miss all the
most interesting parts -「Onee-san」."
- Jibril said this while smiling at her 「Sister」.
…
“N -no problem-nyan… I’ll hurry over to my cute imouto’s side as fast as
possible-nyan/”
Nyahahaha, she laughed and walked away in an attempt to restrain her
tears.
She had changed in the short period of an hour as well, so she figured it
wouldn’t take long –
As she was leaving, she suddenly stopped and surveyed her surroundings
– she sighed and waved.
“Everyone~ can someone carry me~! Also we need to hold a meeting
ASAP~! I’ll need at least a road to get home with or else it’ll be a big problem
for me, so could you all please build some~ nyahahaha ♪”
Walking home with her powers sealed away from her.
She couldn’t even do that – that sensation felt overwhelmingly exotic.
Even something as stupid and boring as this – felt interesting, and she
couldn’t help but laugh at herself.

Placing her feet one after another on the ground, with the same line of sight
as those two had, looking at the world at the speed of an ant’s crawl.
- After living for twenty-six thousand years – this isn’t that bad for a change.
- ……..
- You want to have them as your new Masters?
“That’s not my decision-nyan, so spend a little time to think about it
yourself as well, Avant-kun (Avant Heim).”
- …Although it’s a tough decision, I’ll try.
“To be honest I don’t think it’ll be all that bad serving under those kids for a
while.”
- Because of their potential?

Azrael could only reply by flapping her wings that couldn’t lift her into the
sky.
“Because it seems oh so fun-nyan! Nyahaha~!” - You seem truly
happy.
I wonder what I’ll play with them next time, she began thinking –

Part 9
- On the other hand, within the capital of Elkia, the late king’s library.
Izuna was tucking into a huge portion of sashimi, while Steph sat reading
beside her.
Steph looked at Izuna who was enjoying the food prepared by her.
“…Izuna, you’re a really big eater.”
That made her smile – but as she remembered her grandfather as he was on
the brink of death, Steph felt confused instead.
Izuna tries so hard, and she’s helped out so much – but…
Impossibly – from her expression she couldn’t detect any hint of urgency,
anxiousness nor unease.
“About that, it’s hard for me to start but…Izuna, aren’t you worried for Inosan?”
- Izuna paused momentarily…with a chunk of fish still lodged in her mouth,
she replied without hesitation:
“Of course not, des. Why would I be? Des.” “…You asked
why…”
“Sora and Shiro will save him, so there’s no problem, des.”
- She once again replied without a single hint of hesitation, after which she
continued eating.
Steph sighed and looked at the book in her hand again, then continued
with a complaint.
It was a small question she was worried about since a long while ago –
“Why do both Miko-san and Izuna trust that 「Liar」 so much?”

It was true that Sora and Shiro would always end things off at the very end
brilliantly.
But throughout the process they would lie and deceive, so one wouldn’t
know when to believe them or not.
As Steph was thinking, Izuna tilted her head and said: “…Sora and
Shiro aren’t 「Liars」, des.”
“- Izuna can read the Imanity language now, but you haven’ t 「Mastered」
it yet.”
If they weren’t 「Liars」, who would be – Steph smiled bitterly and said,
but –
“The smell of a liar- the smell of someone hiding his true self, they don’t have
that smell which I hate the most, des.”
Steph was speechless. Back on the day when Sora had said she would save
Izuna’s grandfather.
Izuna smelt Sora by the seaside – Izuna smiled as she recalled that relaxing
odour.
“Sora and Shiro have a good smell, des. They do tease people, deceive them,
or even play pranks – but, the only thing they won’t do is lie, des – so Izuna
likes Sora and Shiro, des.”
- Steph inhaled sharply as she realized she had been lectured by a young girl
with her age still in the single-digit range.
It was hard to believe, but she somehow understood now – an impossible
explanation flashed across her mind.
Sora – he told lies as easily as breathing, being a born liar.
But for some reason sometimes – Steph would unconsciously overlap his
figure with her grandfather’s.
Upon thinking closely, there wasn’t anything that surprising about it.
If he could really lie that well…
Then why – would he want to act in such a way that people would
believe he was lying?

- Why – why didn’t he just act like a kind person - ?
At this point, Steph noticed that Izuna was looking at her with her eyes half
open.
“…Steph-kou smells nice as well, des. But sometimes you have the smell
of a liar, des.”
“W-what!? W-when did I ever tell a lie!?”
“Whenever we mention Sora, you have the smell of a liar, des. I don’t like
Steph-kou when you’re like that, des.”
“T-that was because Sora forced me to fall in love with him! Of course I have
to reject him right!?”
Steph attempted to defend herself while still teary-eyed, while Izuna’s
expression suddenly turned rather complex.
“You’re lying again, des…but your normal smell is good, so I forgive you, des.”
Izuna began eating again as soon as she finished, while Steph thought to
herself”
- I see, let’s say I go back a hundred steps – no, a thousand steps, I trust
that Sora isn’t a liar.
But despite that –
“That doesn’t mean he can use the pledges to restrain my love life! Isn’t that a
twisted sense of logic!?”
Steph clutched her head and cried, while her gaze settled upon a single
book.
It was slightly further away from her – an ancient-looking bounded
book.
“…「The Treasure of the Prideful Princess」…is this a fairy tale?”
It was a book written in the Imanity language – a book with a rather
childish title.
As she flipped it open, this was written on the inner cover page:
-「This is a tale that has circulated amongst the Elves」“Is this a translation? The translator is – isn’t this Grandpa!? Why would
this book be…”

Steph mumbled to herself as she flipped to the next page, after which she
suddenly inhaled sharply.
Because this was written on the very first page: - This is a
place even further than the sea.
A 「Fairy Tale」 further away than anything and anyone else
–
After which she saw a familiar scrawl underneath… Which meant
the late king’s handwriting, and it read:
- According to my observations, the hibernating Empress of the Sea went into
slumber after reading this story.
- The Empress is just like the Princess in this story, being loved by everyone,
and has everything in the world.
- Thus she…wishes to pursue things unknown to her.
- It’s exactly because she has everything, she wishes for the unknown – a
love she cannot acquire –
“I FOOOOOUUUUNNNNDDDD IIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTT!!”
Steph yelled and kicked her chair to the side, while Izuna leaped up in
surprise.

Part 10
- Avant Heim – within a slightly larger cube in the centre of it.
It was Jibril’s previous residence, which had been turned into a storage
warehouse.
Important items, books and the like had probably all been moved to the
Elkian library, so there was a lack of homeliness within it.
The Flügel didn’t appear to need sleep, so there weren’t any beds nor
windows within the place.
There was a secret room that held things other than books, and for Sora,
Shiro and Plum who didn’t like going outdoors, the place was just right for
them.

“Ah, Masters, please don’t touch those, because there’s a possibility that,
no, you will definitely die.”
After this warning, they made note not to take particular notice of all the
trophies and skulls Jibril had collected during the Great War, which was a
blessing in disguise, but –
“…Strange…”
Within the middle of the room, there was stacked a pile of books that had
been collected from almost a hundred Flügel who had sworn on the
Pledges.
Buried in that mountain -high pile of books, Sora felt exhausted and began
mumbling to himself.
Shiro who was sitting on his lap began writing something in a notebook as
well, after which she began drawing squiggly lines unhappily and groaning
impatiently.
“…Masters, would you like to take a rest?”
The two were frustrated at the speed of their progress, while Jibril
advised them to stop.
- After the game had ended, the two had begun reading the extremely large
amount of books they had won over, looking for information in the
process.
Jibril only suddenly noticed as she was writing in her Observational Diary
(Bible), that the last time Sora and Shiro (Masters) had slept – was before
Plum had arrived.
As she realised that was about five days ago, she advised them again, while
Sora simply scratched his head as though he didn’t hear her at all.
“There are clearly nineteen types of 「Oaths」- but why isn’t there any
difference between the awakening conditions?”
“Could it be…we came here…for nothing…?”
At the end of the game, Plum had activated a spell, deceiving even Azrael
who had the power of a Phantasma within her.
Plum was extremely exhausted after that feat, so she moaned while lying
on the floor and breathing weakly.

They had did so much, could it be that there was no meaning in it – Plum
began to appear despaired, but instead Sora –
“…The problem’s even more serious than that…I’ll straighten it out
for you!”
Sora sighed and turned to Plum to explain:
“The Empress of the Seirenes is their full representative, so the fact that she
bet all her rights in order to enter a slumber to the Seirenes would mean that
as long as someone else were to wake her up, their Race Piece would be
taken which would be tantamount to death – so they hid the condition to
awaken her.”
“Y-yes…that’s true…”
“The ultimate form of concealment is not letting anyone know, which is
why Plum couldn’t find out the condition herself.”
- But…
“The current Empress had entered slumber before becoming the Empress,
so the Seirenes should have tried all possible methods to awaken her
already – which means, previously someone knew how to awaken her, but
those conditions have probably been modified by someone now.”
Can you understand everything up to here? Sora asked, to which Plum
nodded in confirmation.
“In the previous eight hundred years, there were of course people that
played games in attempts to waken the Empress,
among which nineteen of them were recorded by Avant Heim over five races,
and they had found the 「Oath」 back then. As long as we can find that
information and cross-reference it with everything we have, we can retrace
back to the past and find the conditions to wake the Empress – that was my
initial plan.”
Shiro let out a hnng~ a tiny moan, and collapsed on Sora’s knees – she
had overworked her brain.
The 「Oath」 written in the languages of five different races, they had even
cross-referenced the meanings of all the words – but…
“-「The person who can wake the Empress」- that’s the limit to which
we can retrace.”

The person that could wake her – which would mean, 「It would be fine
even if you don’t let her fall in love with you」.”
To acquire everything -「Win all the rights」, that was the only victory
reward the two could affirm existed, but at that point that meant nothing
to them.
What was most important was – Sora said impatiently:
“Why isn’t there a 「Victory Condition」- they hid the wrong details!”
If 「All their rights」 were taken before the previous Empress had died, it
wouldn’t cause them much danger to their survival.
They should have revealed the victory conditions in order to allow people to
beat the game as fast as possible – despite this, there were no records…
“…The worst…possibility…” “- Huh?”
As Plum heard Shiro mumble, she looked at her in despair, pleading for
her to explain.
“…From the very beginning…no one…knew the condition…”
“…Even the Empress doesn’t know, the possibilities of a victory
condition that isn’t specific – for example…”
Sora took a deep breath and spoke, almost squeezing his voice out:
“…「Amuse me. I don’t know how you’re going to do it, but you have to do it
in a specific way.」- Something like that.”
- Plum’s eyes rolled up into whites and she collapsed, and to be honest, Sora
felt just like her.
If that was the truth – the reason why no one could awake her, the reason
why Plum was unable to find the condition – the
reason why the love magic worked properly but was unable to wake her up,
and –
Even the reason why they could completely hide the conditions
– everything could be explained.
Since no one knew from the very beginning, there was no reason to
conceal it.
Which meant they had to search for 「What was the Empress looking for
when she went into hibernation」- back to square one.

“Ah~ dammit, what’s wrong with that woman!?”
Sora yelled out in a voice saturated with heavy frustration, after which he
collapsed.
Even Shiro gave up and began yawning on Sora’s lap, while Plum – fainted.
This scene could be titled 「Despair」 and framed in an art gallery.
“…So for a change of mood, can I tell you all about something that
happened in the past?”
Jibril snapped her fingers lightly, and instant the walls and ceiling of her
home turned as transparent as glass.
Sora lay on the floor, and what he saw was a night sky – no, wrong.
They were on the edge of the atmospheric layer – the divide between the
universe and planets.
Which meant that was the universe. As he understood that, he suddenly
heard a calming sound, like the call of a whale.
“...That was…?”
“It was 「Him」- the sound of the Phantasma Avant Heim.”
As she said this – Sora recalled a huge whale-shaped slab of land during
their game against Azrael.
…He was on his back right now, and as that was too ridiculous to consider,
he figured he would forget it soon anyway.
“「He」 was a disciple of my late Master, the Old Deus Artosh.”
Jibril spoke with a nostalgic glow in her eye.
“Artosh died at the end of the Great War – but 「He」 couldn’t accept it, so
he drifted from place to place in search for him, approaching any single
presence of Old Dei he could find.”
Jibril looked at the sky – the red moon.
“The red moon (up there) is the dwelling place of the thirteenth-ranked
「Lunarians」, as well as the Old Dei that created them.” [9]
- Maybe because it was bigger than the moon of their original world, or
because they were closer to it, it was a gigantic red moon he had seen
countless times before.

Sora had never considered that there might be 「Sixteen Races」 up
there.
“- Whenever Avant Heim sees the red moon, he will attempt to raise his
altitude upon detecting the presence of Old Dei, but –“
Jibril smiled a complex yet sad smile. “Avant Heim
can’t do it.” “…Can’t do it?”
“Avant Heim doesn’t fly in the sky, he revolved about the planets – he
swims within the Elemental Galleries that the Imanity cannot see, so he
can’t go into space where there are no Spirits – so…”
Sora’s gaze shifted up along with Jibril’s, and he remained momentarily
speechless.
- He had never seen the Milky Way up close.
But compared to photos online, it was way more epic than he thought it
would have been, a glittering river of stars suspended in mid-air.
Suddenly a flash of light streaked past as though to cover the red moon up.
“He’s looking at the red moon…and crying.”
The light emitted an afterglow that shimmered faintly as it passed, and
swam away.
Earlier they had heard the call of a whale as well, and now – it sounded
rather lonely to them.
“…Do the Phantasma have feelings as well?”
- The 「Phantasma」 that were ranked second among the 「Sixteen
Races」.
Sora then thought, it was of course reasonable that Azrael had called upon
them so emotionally as she was ranked as well.
But it just seemed rather impossible to believe that a floating slab of land
could have emotions.
Then – Sora remembered something all of a sudden, and he said sadly:
“…Even the Phantasma know 「Love」, but I don’t…” “Huh? Why do you
say 「He」 knows love?”
“He knows to cry for his Master, and he has a Master to love

– even if it isn’t love, doesn’t that mean he knows love?”
“…”
- Jibril suddenly said thoughtfully.
“Master, is there a person whose absence would make you feel
uncomfortable?”
“Shiro.”
“So the one you love is –“
“Shiro – ah~ so if I know love and I know how to love, does that mean I
know how to fall in love?”
Love differs from person to person – what a troublesome concept.
What was the Empress searching for before she hibernated? If it was truly
related to love, then he could do nothing – Jibril was thinking of something
else at the same time.
“…Is it really like that?”
When Artosh had been conquered, Jibril had felt crushing despair along
with the rest of the Flügel.
After that, the Flügel had begun gathering information, they didn’t know
what they were searching for, but they still searched.
The reason to live, the reason to exist, the reason to not die –
Searching for those 「Answers」 that couldn’t possibly exist
– but Jibril found it.
It wasn’t a common answer, but it let her find – her own reason to exist.
“…? What is it, Jibril?”
It wasn’t for knowledge, but instead for the 「Unknown」 ahead of her that
confused her, if –
“M-master, forgive me for asking, but could you listen to a single request of
mine?”
“Yeah, what is it?”
“Could you please say 「Jibril you useless fellow, I don’t need you
anymore」?”

“…L-let me just say something here, I don’t get where this conversation is
going at all.”
“Just don’t ask – please.”
As he saw Jibril press her forehead on the ground while bowing deeply,
Sora accepted her request reluctantly.
“-「Jibril you useless fellow, I don’t need you anymore」-is that alright?”
“M-M-M-M-Master!!” “- W-w-what!?”
She teleported so close to Sora that their heads almost connected,
which caused Sora to cry out uncontrollably.
“W-why is this? I’m currently feeling the same sensation of my spine tingling
as I licked the feet of that long-eared one under Master’s orders, and the
time where I stole Shiro-san from you during the FPS in the Eastern
Federation – and a feeling as if my chest is being constricted! What exactly is
this unknown sensation!?”
“I don’t know! I don’t know, but aren’t you adding too much weird elements
into this!?”
Sora replied with his face set in stone as Jibril looked at him while panting,
blushing and almost drooling.
Although, Jibril suddenly seemed to have understood something –
she nodded, and then –
“Master, in the six thousand, four hundred and seven years since my birth –
Jibril has finally understood what it means to fall in love.”
“…Huh? Are you serious?”
“Yes, I can finally help Master out – and what love means is!”
Jibril kneeled down solemnly in front of Sora and reported.
“Master commanded Dora-chan to 「Fall in love with you」, and ignored her
aside from that one time; as for Dora-chan that was a declaration of love, so!
The feelings placed within me as the Master I’ve been serving under for so
long with all my heart said he doesn’t need me any longer – which is pity,
bitterness, relaxation and all other sorts of feelings that make chills run
down my spine, that’s love -!!”

“Jibril, could you please just calm down, you’re just making things more
complicated –“
Sora said with his expression still carved in stone, at this time – with a loud
slam! –
Shiro stood up.
“Huh!? W-what was that, Shiro, my heart nearly leaped out of my chest!”
However she completely ignored Sora’s response.
“…Unknown sensation…I don’t know…can’t reach… yearning…Azrael
couldn’t find it…Jibril found it…Steph felt it…the unknown…the
future…「Hope」.”
- She was pretending to sleep earlier, so she had heard everything.
She mumbled a string of words – recited, as she suddenly began flipping
through the books.
“…The Empress that deceived everyone… - the Empress…victory
condition…wasn’t changed.”
She said.
She suddenly lifted up a book – and said:
“…Nii…I know…the condition…to awaken the Empress now.”
- As they heard this, Sora, Jibril and even Plum leaped up together and
looked at Shiro.
And only Shiro – appeared happy, no…
“…Nii as well…judgmental error…you do that sometimes.”
Her expression was completely different from the usual, as she actually
seemed happy and laughed.
“…Nii, Nii~ haha…Nii…messed up…♪”
Shiro shook her shoulders from side to side, her feet couldn’t help but
swing about – and she smiled victoriously.
Sora didn’t get her meaning, but he did moan suddenly –
“W-wait a second, huh? I made a judgmental error? B-but situational
decisions are…”

“…Yes, Nii’s…forte…but this time…Shiro won♪” - She appeared truly
happy.
In that game, Sora only felt dizzy as it was the first time Shiro had beaten
him at it.
“H-how is this possible…I lost in judging situations, deduction,
strategy, my reason for existence…”
-『 』 - They were the strongest Imanity gamers, two in one, and if he as the
strategist were to lose in terms of judgment –
Ignoring Sora who was almost in tears, Plum immediately asked Shiro:
“W-what is it!? What do we have to do to awaken the Empress!?”
As everyone bated their breath in anticipation – and as Sora looked at her
tearfully.
Shiro – revealed the answer.

Chapter 4: Retry
Part 1
"...So it's...like that, huh..."
"W-well there aren't any contradictions with Grandpa's work...wait,
huh, is that it?!"
"My assumption was right after all, heh...ah, love is such a complex
thing..."
"...We...nearly went extinct for a stupid reason like that...I'm gonna cry, you
know...?"
"Phew ☆ This is a great opportunity, Plum ☆ Amira's feeling really
energetic ♥"
"..S-Sora, Izuna doesn't understand at all, des."
"Sorry Izuna, but I'm just a useless eighteen-year-old piece of hikikomori
virgin trash that's dragging Kuuhaku『 』 down, so I don't understand as
well. But Izuna's smart, so you'll understand it in the future. Now please
excuse me so I can make my way to the garbage dump."
"Sora is getting thrown away, des? Can Izuna go and pick him up, des?"
"...Absolutely not...Nii belongs to Shiro. Let's change the subject...Nii go
get ready."
"R-ready? O-other than getting in the way, is there really something
else I can do...?"
"...This game...Shiro can't beat it...only Nii...can do it..."
"Alright then, let's go, Shiro!! If Shiro and I both can't do it, who can?!"

Part 2
"- How boring."
I sighed unconsciously.
Oceande is the birthplace of all the Seirenes.
Located at the very bottom of the ocean's depths, its endless foothills that
were connected with triple seamounts and so forth were lit up by half-moon
shaped streaks of light. [1]

Away from the unclean, filthy solid ground, the calm seawaters were like
castle walls, having no direct passage towards Oceande.
Aside from countless unnamed fish and whales, there was only an extremely
small amount of people that were able to reach the place.
The treasures located within the city were piled up in glittering, dazzling
mountains, and the protections placed over them by the water elementals
added a beautiful layer of oceanic blue over it.
It was a stunningly colorful paradise created from the magic of the
Dhampirs.
But, it was also a prison.
“Oh come on~ really now, isn't there anything else more fun to do!?”
I pursed my lips, as everything seemed to be making me annoyed.
I'm getting bored of singing and dancing, not to mention that I've gotten
bored of eating all those delicacies.
Oceande, the eternal paradise, beauty, wealth, love; everything was present
there.
From the very instant that I was born, those things were all mine.
And it's exactly because of that – that I'll never be satisfied.
That's because I myself am the prettiest, most valuable piece of treasure and
not others.
Even the most beautiful things in this world cannot reach my standard.
If there's something that this place doesn't have but yet something I
truly wish for...
That is...love! Pure love!
A partner just as perfect and unchangeable as I am! An impeccable
treasure that even the gods would desire.
I won't let anyone invade my pure soul – I'll wait for「Him」 in this dreamy
city.
The one that can give everything he has to me – an eternal lover.
The prince that can satisfy all my inner desires.
I fell asleep while waiting for「Him」...huh? How long ago was that?

“...Never mind, it's not important.”
If「He」doesn't come for me, things like time don't matter at all.
If my desires aren't satisfied, my entire existence would be like an empty
shell -「Aschente」Suddenly I heard a voice, and I gradually regained consciousness.
It seems someone has arrived, a shallow man that has come in search of my
love.
With one little smile from me they would immediately fall before my
irresistible charm, such cute idiots.
This man probably isn't the one I'm looking forward to as well. 「True
Love」doesn't come easily anyway.
But, after waiting so long, even I'm getting impatient.
“...Fine, since I'm bored anyway, I'll play with you for a while.”
No matter how boring this man may be, he can at least pass some time.
Right – I'll be gentler to him this time.
I'll smile sweetly, flatter him a bit, then watch him fall head over heels for
me.
After that, at the very last moment, I'll dump him as brutally as I can and toss
him to the side like a soulless corpse.
This way, even an idiot might learn the meaning of「True Love」“Do you - ?” “Huh...?”
A young man's voice drifted to me from the sky. “- Do you want
love -?”
You're asking me if I want love? Of course. “...Yes, I do, but
can you give it to me?” “So – I'll give it to you!!”
“You~ are~ shock~!!” [2]

A shock that shook the oceans resounded, and I looked up – to see that the
sky had shattered.
There's no other way for me to describe it; I could see it even from where I
was in the ocean, as the sky gradually cracked and crumbled, falling like
huge pieces of broken glass, crashing into the ocean – dying the seas and
skies blood-red.
After which the owner of the voice fell into the ocean along with the
splinters of the glass sky.
“- The sky~ it fell because~ of love...~~...you know?”
He was a male, black-haired, black-eyed Imanity wearing a shirt with the
words「I ♥ Humans」emblazoned on the front.
And beside him, almost in contrast to him, a white-haired, red-eyed young
Imanity girl.
The two had draped on them a jet-black cape that instantly would remind
people of the kind villains would wear, and they spoke with evil smiles:
“Greetings, Sleeping Beauty. Sorry for disturbing you every single time
before you go to rest. We're Sora and Shiro.”
“...Hello...”
...Hmm? They're using a different tactic this time.
Many men have attempted to seek my love in various sorts of ways, but this
would be a first.
No, wrong – what I want is「True Love」- not just something flashy and
original like this.
“Greetings, visitors of my dream. I welcome your arrival.”
It would be over after this sentence, my voice – no man can resist its
charm “Ah, we apologize. The real versions of us aren't here right now.”
“...Useless, useless, useless...”
“So we can't hear your voice, forgive us for that, and now~ -” The man
smiled mischievously, then continued singing:
“You are shock – me and~ a few other things~ fell from the sky...”

- A shock rang out once again, at the same time the seas parted, and in the
red skies...
“- Eek...!”
I cried out unconsciously.
It was a sky covered in hateful, fear-inducing, giant – monster babies.
A girl flew above that sky, with a halo on her head and light-woven wings
stretching from her waist.
“You're an idiot, and you look cute while you're sleeping, but to think that
idiots that can cause trouble even when they're asleep exist – the world
really is a huge place.”
- Behind her were hundreds of – personifications of killers, the symbols of
destruction -「The Flügel」!?”
“...Nii, sense of despair...doesn’t seem enough...”
“Hmm~ That’s right, I need to perfectly recreate ending B of「That game
that scarred me the most emotionally (Drakengard) 」, so I should have
brought the real Flügel along, but - Azrael’s power has been sealed so the
council’s
definitely in a huge mess right now, as other than Jibril the rest are all just
figureheads.” [3]
“Please take it easy, Master. It’ll be just fine as long as I command about
hundreds of manpower ♪”
That man looked down at me while conducting a strange-sounding
conversation.
“Alright, let’s begin the game - 「Make me fall in love with you」.”
...Huh?
The man said that, and then pointed towards the highest tower of Oceande the hall of the Empress.
“We’ll be right there, and as soon as you do, if you manage to make me fall in
love with you, the game will be over.”
- The skies were twitching, and countless gigantic babies (monsters)
began descending from its blood-red void.
The Flügel flew about with their wings spread wide.

...Y-you want me to move under these conditions...!?
“Speaking of which, Master...is it really fine for me to destroy the city just like
that?”
I froze as I heard that Flügel ask expectantly.
“Yeah, no problem. Including the Empress as well, since this is all in a dream
everything will return to normal in a matter of
seconds anyway. Jibril, no matter how much power you use - the source
is「Infinite」, so just release as much as you want.”
“Hehe, hehee, heheheheh~ Jibril’s full of energy ♥”
- After which, the two Imanity turned around to face me once more.
“Also, when we created this setting -”
“...We brought your...friends, best friends...relatives as well.”
As I heard this I looked around desperately - when did they appear?
Mum, Grandma, my servants and sisters that I can’t even remember the
names of - they were all crying and sobbing.
“Which is what you’re looking at...”
He smiled bitterly, scratched his head briefly and said:
“You along with the babies that your relatives would have given birth to
being cut to pieces, exterminated, eliminated by Jibril, and you have to
proceed while experiencing many other hardships...looking back at it, this
setting really is pretty gruesome.”
“...That game...Nii said it would be a touching fighting game and let Shiro play
it, Nii...I can’t forgive you.” [4]
“I’m so sorry, because it’s just too unbearable for me alone to carry that much
emotional burden - so I just had to...”
The two finished blabbering, and they who called themselves Sora and
Shiro spoke as one 「Now you will Not receive any help
You will only face death So let us see
How far you can struggle.」
After which - they spoke with smiles on their faces: 「Go to hell.」

The Flügel then continued as she heard this: “So, I’ll start.
First Unit, Jibril.”
The halo on her head began shifting and twisting into various complicated
patterns, becoming bigger, multi-layered, just like a magic formation.
Her wings appeared to emit light, and they lost their shape - a spear-like
thing began forming in her hands “To my Masters who have given me the opportunity to do this, I dedicate
my utmost gratitude -”
“- Concentrated, full powered, 100% - 「Airstrike」- it’s coming for you ♥”
She said this, and the entire world was engulfed in light.
Part 3
On the other hand - in the hall of the Empress in Oceande “YEAH ☆ Jii-chan’s so cool~ ♥”
Amira cheered at the underwater projector which was displaying
the state of the Empress’ dream.
While beside her were countless other Seirenes who were cheering and
dancing maniacally as well.
Sora, Shiro and Jibril’s bodies lay on the floor almost lifelessly along with
Plum and the other Dhampirs who had used all their strength transporting
them into the dream world.
Beside them was Steph who was rolling her eyes, as well as an elderly
Werebeast - Hatsuse Ino, as well as Izuna who was hugging onto him.
Looking at the three unconscious bodies on the floor, Ino asked:
“Um, about that...what exactly is going on here?”
“We’re here to save Grandpa, des. You have to kneel and express
gratitude, des.”
Izuna said this while rubbing her face against her grandfather’s - Ino’s
stomach, while Steph continued:
“A lot of things happened while Ino-san was here in Oceande...a lot
of things.”

- But he couldn’t possibly understand anything from an explanation
like that.
Ino fondled Izuna gently while expressing his confusion.
“...I would appreciate it if you could explain more thoroughly.”
“Don’t worry about it...since I don’t actually get it either...but Sora has a
message for you.”
Mm-mm, Steph cleared her throat.
“- 「We found the way to awaken the Empress, so we told the Seirenes who
in exchange gladly gave you up in exchange for it, which is exactly what
we’re doing now」...that’s it.”
“Now I’m even more confused...”
“Let me continue...「Don’t worry, we’ll awaken the Empress and we won’t
let the Seirenes and Dhampirs go extinct, which is what we wagered on in
the beginning of the game. As for what’s going on, you’ll have to wait until
the game’s over before you find out.」- and...”
Steph smiled thinly and continued yet again:
“...「Lastly, Izuna seemed really lonely so we left her here with you. You
have a really good granddaughter, Gramps.」...that’s all.”
“I...I see.”
Ino smiled as he felt his granddaughter fondling him lovingly, but he
thought to himself:
- Now I don’t understand Sora even more.
Sounds of cheering erupted once again as Jibril’s second 「Airstrike」
was fired.
The Seirenes were feasting merrily while watching the events unfolding
within the dream, while Plum instead advised them fearfully.
“A, Amira-sama...I completely~ understand how you feel, but could you
please at least be more self-conscious -”
“Huh? Come on Plum ♪ You don’t need to be so formal all the time so just say
what’s on your mind, it’s fine ☆”
Amira smiled a saintly smile and continued:

“It feels so great watching that idiotic woman suffer~! Hahahah~ ☆”
- Her smile was pure, but her eyes weren’t smiling.
“Amira was originally against the idea of repressing pain~ so I would say I’m
already being rather self-conscious here~ hehe~ ☆”
- It’s true, it was a dream, so in reality no one would get hurt.
Also, when Sora and Shiro had entered the Empress’ dream, they had
requested Plum to repress the pain sensors of the Empress.
It was a dream anyway, so there wouldn’t be any pain, but despite this he
had emphasized it time and again - which meant, there was a meaning
behind his series of actions “...We really shouldn’t have brought Izuna there, huh.”
“Yeah, Sora-san managed to pass judgment that this isn’t a scene a small
child like her should be witnessing, so I guess I’m rather in awe of his
morals.”
“...? Is something going on, des?”
Izuna had her head buried in Ino’s chest the entire time so she couldn’t see
the projection, but then she asked curiously.
Regarding the events unfolding in front of her - Plum replied: “To put it
bluntly...that’s hell...no, that’s a true nightmare...”
Undoubtedly, it was a scene that seemed to defy all laws governing the
natural world.
- Steph had heard about it as well, the strongest attack of the Flügel 「Airstrike」.
That spear of light could evaporate oceans in a single shot, and turn Oceande
within the dream into a mere crater.
But - since it was a dream, everything would return to normal in a matter of
seconds.
The babies crumbled immediately just like porcelain figurines, while Jibril
relentlessly continued her onslaught with renewed vigor.
The endlessly disintegrating and repairing scenery along with Jibril’s smile or rather her murderous sneer, as she coldly, mechanically swung her arms.

With each swing, mountains were leveled, seas were spliced, and the ocean
floors buckled and caved from the shock.
- That alone was sufficiently traumatizing to be considered a nightmare.
And it wasn’t only Jibril as well, as the fake Flügel were destroying
everything in sight along with her.
The baby-like monsters were simply characters that incited natural hatred
and fear from onlookers, and they feasted on the various other people within
the dream.
While the Seirenes were actually watching those events cheerfully, in an
almost overjoyed fashion - everything was in a chaotic mess.
“...A-about that, since they know the reason why all this is happening, it’s
hard to blame them for their reaction...but...”
“...D-did they go a bit overboard? ...although I don’t really understand
what’s going on...”
Steph, who knew the cause of the events up to this point yet didn’t
understand Sora’s intentions, couldn’t help but agree with Ino.
“...Although, not a day passes where I don’t hate that Tet-sama who created
the 「Ten Pledges」...”
Plum seemed as if she was going to faint anytime soon, and she said this with
her face almost horrifyingly pale.
Because what she saw might actually be - no, it must be.
It was something even before the 「Ten Pledges」- a scene that seemed
directly ripped out of the 「Great War」.
“My ancestors actually survived through things like these...I respect them
even more now.”
“...More precisely, how exactly did the Imanity survive through
conditions like these?”
“Before all this, were there any differences between the Imanity and the
Werebeasts...? After I get back, I’m going to look through that bit of history
again.”
The three of them slipped into their own thoughts, but deep down they
were all thinking of the same thing.
- The One True God (Tet), thank you for creating the 「Ten Pledges」.

Part 4
- The seawater had completely evaporated just after the first strike, and Leila
could only crawl on the cracked, dried ground.
She couldn’t breathe, and the sunlight corroded every pore of her body on
the naked sea floor.
She couldn’t feel pain, but her energy was being endlessly sapped from
her.
The continuous assault of the Flügel didn’t even give the seawater time
to grow back.
The seawater evaporated, returned, and evaporated yet again, removing
the Empress - removing Leila of her marine protection.
After which, the baby-like monsters that descended from the blood-red
skies crept towards her, threatening to feast on her.
She had no water, she couldn’t swim, so even if she belonged to a race loved
and protected by the ocean - if she didn’t have seawater she couldn’t even
disguise herself -...
“...P...phew...a-am I...finally there...?”
- How many days had it been? Or how many minutes? Leila dragged
her body to the front of the tower.
Behind her she could hear countless explosions, and the fires of hell were
burning passionately there as well.
Above her were broken skies and cries of laughter, while on the ground
were countless screams of terror and agony.
Leila fearfully opened the doors of the tower with all her might, and
charged into it - at the same time...
She felt a shock that once again leveled the city behind her and yet another
explosion - but Leila merely sat down in relief.
Because within the tower - there was water.
Probably because Sora and Shiro were there, it was the only place that
even the attacks of the Flügel couldn’t destroy.
As long as she had water, she could breathe and seduce...
Finally -

“...Ha, hahaha....hehehehehe...you’ve got some guts - to dare to do something
like this to me!”
Leila gasped for air, and from within her - surged torrents of red-hot anger.
- 「Make me fall in love with you」?
“...Fine, since you actually dared to play a fool with me this far, I’ll make you
pay.”
- With a swish of her tailfin, Leila surged up the water-filled tower at a
stunningly fast speed.
- I am the Empress of the Sea, I have everything, no one will resist my rule.
They actually dared to show such disrespect towards me - although I
don’t know what he wants “Don’t think kneeling down and begging for forgiveness will save you!!”
Just one sentence, I just need for him to hear the slightest bit of my voice, and
it will be all over.
- I’ll sing a song, capture his heart, and make him kneel before me and lick
the floor.
After which I’ll reject him as coldly and heartlessly as I can, then push him
into a bottomless canyon of despair.
I’ll seduce him then push him aside, so when he leaves the dream - he will
think the real world is the actual nightmare, and he won’t be able to live with
himself.
With these thoughts in her head, she smiled evilly, and swam through the
waters - not long after...
She reached the topmost floor - the hall of the Empress - and stood before
the gates to her own room.
“...Open.”
- The doors immediately swept open along with the water current,
almost as if they were forced open by her voice.
There was no doubt that Leila was the absolute ruler over the oceans, as all
beings in the sea could only bow before her power through the 「Water
Elementals」 within her. It was

simply natural, it wasn’t something one could fight against, it was a magic
that surpassed even the boundaries of her species.
Because even if her opponent was an Elf, the spirits used within their
magics would obey Leila.
In this world - there was nothing she could not tame.
Carrying an immense amount of self-confidence - no, with absolute
belief, Leila - finally arrived.
Sora and Shiro - the two had dressed up like demon kings.
Sora seemed to be enjoying himself, even allowing himself to receive her
with a cocky smile.
“- You’ve finally managed to get here...
Your stupidity really is entertaining...
But things seem to be going exactly as planned...
How enjoyable -”
“...Nii, you can stop that now...”
“Come on~ Shiro, don’t cut me short halfway through my lines, I spent a
lot of time preparing them you know.”
Leila could only look at them with a raging fury in her eyes as the two
quarreled.
Although their actions were unbelievably foolish - it was about time for them
to pay the price.
And then, the Empress - Leila - wove her words with a voice even the Gods
would be smitten with.
“Alright, are you done playing? Now kneel down and kowtow to me.”
- I’ll make him kneel first.
After that, I’ll be sure to drag him so far in his brain will melt - - However, as
she heard his reply...
Leila couldn’t believe her ears.
“Hey, didn’t you hear what I said about the rules at all? Make me fall in love
with you - can’t you even flatter me or something?”

- Leila was speechless.
The young man and the girl before her - merely stood smiling even after
she had used her voice that could hypnotize both genders regardless, and
even managed to reply mockingly.
- They’re fighting against it. Leila thought to herself in panic.
Because as long as she was in the water, they would definitely fall in love
with her without exceptions, and their brains would be immobilized.
So let’s try it out - let’s see how long they can keep up their facade.
“...Yes, sorry, I was too excited, so I apologize for being so rude earlier.”
Leila looked at them passionately with teary eyes, and continued
almost pleadingly:
“I hope you can hear my true feelings - I want you, please reciprocate my
love.”
Not just her voice, but her every action - had a hypnotizing power that
even brainwashing could not beat.
Behind her pleading words, it was almost as if she was entering commands orders that were impossible to deny.
When faced with her irresistible charm, Sora merely - shivered slightly - and
replied.
“...Ugh~ I’m sorry, I’m getting goosebumps, nope, can’t do that.”
...
- Huh?
“And to be honest, you’re not even my type.” Huh?
“Also the rules clearly said that you need to make me fall in love with you,
but you went and told me to kneel in your first sentence, apologized in your
second, then finally said that your previous words weren’t actually what you
meant? Are you one of those tripmine girls people see on the internet? I’d
never thought that people like you actually exist, that’s quite a surprise.”
...Leila could only stand there speechlessly.
They weren’t fighting back, it was just that her magic wasn’t working.
Why - was her dream being tampered with? No, even the Elven magics
couldn't touch it.

She couldn’t figure it out, but only one thing was truly confirmed This man came here with the firm belief that he wouldn’t fall in love with me.
- Just then, the man turned to the young girl beside him for some sort of
confirmation - and she nodded.
“Ah~ I can finally say it now, since previously everyone thought this was
some sort of romance game, this is probably the first time someone has said
something like this to you right? So including that Gramps from earlier, I’m
going to take everyone’s frustration out on you!”
After that - Sora inhaled deeply, and released a rapid-fire torrent of
words:
“You’re a grown woman for goodness sake, and here you are daydreaming
and stuff. Are you stupid or something? Who do you think you are? An idiot?
Do you really think that everyone has to treat you well? Even the
kindergartners nowadays are smarter than you! Also do you have any idea
how long you’ve been sleeping? Eight hundred years! Eight, hundred, years!
Don’t tell me you think you’re some sort of sleeping beauty
waiting for her prince? You’re over eight hundred years old! You goddamn
old hag! I said you were pretty old earlier, but you’ve got to have a limit
somewhere! I confess, I do prefer older women, but they at least need to
have some brains you know!? Also, the thing that I hate the most about you
is your 「All men will definitely fall in love with me」 attitude!
Women should know their place! Sexiness must come with some sort of
humility and restraint before it has any meaning! Unless you’re thinking
something like this? That when people ask you to take off your clothes you
just strip off everything without a doubt. Do you really think of yourself as a
woman? Or that! Are you one of those people who try to get starring roles in
AV's but when the actual shooting comes, you just take off your clothes and
everything, one of those idiots with romantic stats of below twenty!? If you
think all that matters is how much skin you show, you might as well go be a
nudist! You bloody halfwit! Also, why do I have to suck up to a woman I don’t
like? With any semblance of common sense, one would immediately realize
it’s just a waste of time and effort! Are you genuinely an idiot!? If so, I might
as well go chase some 2D girls, which would probably be more meaningful,
less time-consuming, more appealing, and probably won’t damage my wallet
and break my heart! Furthermore, I want to say one last thing - I don’t know
whether you call those things water elementals or whatever but, you only
have the ability to seduce and hypnotize when those things are around - so to
be honest your looks are only at a medium standard; you’re only going to be
a third wheel in my

crew, which you should have realized long ago if you would just look in the
goddamn mirror! You sponge-brained idiot!!”
---...
Phew~~...
Not allowing his opponent to reply at all, Sora blabbered on and on finally appearing somewhat pleased with himself.
“Ah~ that feels better...right, so I’ve said everything I wanted to say. I’m
done here so I’m ending the game now, bye ♪”
Huh?
“- W-wait -!”
“I’m not waiting~! Are you having fun playing this game, making people run
around for no particular reason? Thanks for having us over, idiot,
goodbye~!!”
Sora and Shiro immediately disappeared after that, so maybe the game
ended after all.
After that - the explosions she heard up until then stopped - Different noises
began quietly resounding within Leila’s heart.
Part 5
“Hahaha, to think we would go that far. She’s probably furious - is that
enough? Shiro?”
“...Mm, Nii...Omega good job.”
The brother nodded in satisfaction, while the sister raised her thumb at
him.
- Meanwhile, within the hall of the Empress, a thunder-like torrent of
clapping began to resound from the Seirenes who were watching the
show.
Almost in comparison, their friends, who were led by Steph, merely rolled
their eyes in silence.
Sora and Shiro had made the Empress go through a horrible nightmare,
and then left the game behind without even any words of comfort.

In that situation where no one seemed to know what they were trying to do only one person...
“Phew~ that was entertaining...if I tell this to them (the Flügel), they
would definitely be so jealous...”
Jibril, who had caused extreme havoc within the Empress’ dream and
returned to reality, spoke.
Her skin appeared to be radiating a faint glow, which probably wasn’t their
imagination.
But - with Steph at the head, everyone else who didn’t seem to understand
what they were doing had the same questions in their eyes.
- So what were they intending to do? - Sora laughed heartily at their
confused glances.
He then said - I don’t know either!
Sora had merely acted according to Shiro’s orders - which meant...
“...Nii, just do it...like you normally would.” Only one sentence.
“...Use every possible way you can think of...taunt her, and taunt her again,
make her incredibly angry...just continue taunting her.”
- Just that.
Although, Sora did feel rather sad at the fact that her sister said that those
were his normal actions.
Since Shiro said so, he needed to be confident himself, as that was the way to
conquer her route, which meant he had to follow her orders to the end
without question - without a single doubt.
- Suddenly, cracking sounds were heard. The Empress’ ice
block had cracked slightly. “- Huh?”
Ignoring the speechless crowd - Sora and Shiro excluded, the crack merely
began expanding.
At the same instant as the transparent, crystalline ice began cracking all
over, its surface and emitting a bright glow ...
Stardust-like seeds floated from it and splintered.

Within the reflective, cracking, moving splinters of ice - the Empress
slowly opened her eyes.
Everyone could only stare speechless at that.
“Hey! Hey! Over here! You can’t hit me due to the 「Ten Pledges」 anyway!
Hahaha!!!”
Aside from Sora who was still following her sister’s orders to 「Aggravate
the opponent」.
“...S-so strong...to think that Imanity could be this annoying!?”
Even Steph couldn’t help but begin to respect Sora, while the Empress
slowly stood up from her throne.
“...Nii..you can stop now.”
“Huh, really? And I was having fun too -”
The Empress flapped her tailfin elegantly once - and approached
Sora slowly, trailing light behind her.
Within this dreamlike turn of events - the Empress, who was approaching
Sora, had her face dyed blood-red in anger No - as she slowly swam before Sora, the Empress - suddenly...
“I’ve been waiting for you all this while...my prince ♥”
Falling before Sora’s feet, with heart shapes appearing in her eyes - she said
this.
--...
......
...........Huh?
While everyone else was shocked speechless, only Sora remained on
guard.
“...Hey, hey. Shiro, what’s going on? Is this some sort of trap?”
Sora asked Shiro nervously. Suddenly, Sora recalled
something.
- Once when he was playing an online game he cheated too much and
therefore won too much as well, so his opponents managed to find his

address to look him up, causing the siblings to move to another house in a
hurry. It was a bitter memory - one from their old world.
Sora was afraid that he had went too far due to this emotional trauma, while
Shiro beside him said nonchalantly:
“...Nope...now you can...「Beat the game」...” “...Ah, so that’s what’s
going on.”
Steph, Plum, Jibril and Amira finally realized what was happening as
Shiro explained it.
The Empress - Leila continued:
“Ah, my beloved emperor...please scold me more ♥”
“- H, hey, does this guy have some mental problem?"
Sora asked while pointing at Leila who was at his feet, but Steph instead
recalled a discussion they had before the game started.
The thing they had found in the Late King’s library - 「The Treasure of the
Proud Princess」.
Cross-referencing to the 「Ending」 of the book - she finally understood
Shiro’s intentions.
“...I see, so that’s what’s happening.” A beautiful princess.
A fairy tale about a princess who had everything, beauty, riches, love,
simply everything..
She wanted more - her desires surpassed all, as the Princess wanted
everything.
Those desires were ground to a halt due to a certain man.
The Princess had acquired everything in the world from different men.
But her desires were still unfulfilled, and her wish - By a 「Dagger」-wielding man...
- The princess let her desires for this curiously beautiful unknown
(treasure)...
- End along with her death.
- Yes, that fairy tale was a story about a princess who was exterminated
as desires plagued her.

But, the Empress feared “So Grandpa found the fairy tale that caused the Empress to hibernate, and
after some observations...because she has everything, what the Empress
wants is something unknown - probably an unachievable love...but...”
But, the late King’s - her grandfather’s explanation was rather poetic, Steph
thought as she sighed.
After that she turned to Shiro - the one who had orchestrated the entire
game.
“...I see...the Empress...that everyone loved, she couldn’t understand the
value of things just because she had everything...which is why she
pursues...”
Ino appeared to be undergoing some sort of revelation, and he continued
emotionally:
“I see...which means, what she is looking for is someone that even if she falls
in love with - that person won’t love her in return.”
To be frank - according to Shiro’s explanation, it meant Essentially, she is in love for the sake of love...she wants an
「Unobtainable Love」.
No, to be even more honest - it meant...
“...She wants to be bullied...yes, just like Steph.” “- Huh?”
Steph cried out in shock, while Jibril clapped her hands as she realized in the
same instant.
“I get it now. According to that fairy tale, the man who killed the princess
wasn’t after her love - so that man, and that man alone, was the only man the
princess couldn’t get.”
“- Huh? Is she frozen there or something?” Sora cried out,
because that basically meant She wanted someone else’s property - which meant she would repeatedly
become that someone’s slave.
- Wasn’t that a perfect example of an incorrigible woman?
“So you’re telling me that even if I fall in love with her she’ll immediately get
turned off since she actually got my love? What an annoying bitch.”

“Yessss ♥ I’m an annoying bitch~ I’m sorry ♥”
The Empress who was receiving a brutal scolding (Leila) smiled blissfully
while twisting her body from side to side.
- 「I will offer everything I have」 Everyone should pay more attention to the meaning behind that sentence,
and Shiro appeared to be the only one who noticed, so she said:
“...Nii has all the rights...of that person...” “- Huh? Oh,
right...”
“Ahahaaa ♥ P-please be more forceful with me ♥”
- Plum and the Dhampirs were speechless all the way up until then.
“...So just for something like this...she hibernated for eight hundred years
and nearly caused us to go extinct...?”
Even though she wasn’t exactly clear of the details herself, Plum sighed a
huge sigh as though she was going to puff out her soul itself after that
explanation.
After that, the Empress cried out in apparent surprise at Plum and the
Dhampirs’ reactions:
“...Huh? Did I really sleep for eight hundred years!?” - She then
continued:
“This game - as long as you don’t fall in love with me and kick me to the side
or something you win. Are you all idiots?”
“You’re the idiot here! We can’t do something like that due to the 「Ten
Pledges」! You sponge-brained dumbass!”

“Aahahahhhahh ♥ yes! I’m an idiot! I’m a sponge~~!!”
- Also not counting the 「Ten Pledges」...
She had a irresistibly powerful hypnotizing ability that even Jibril or Miko
couldn’t resist...
There was a possibility that it was an all-powerful magic, so not falling in
love with Leila in that state would be directly impossible.
It was something that neither the Dhampirs, the Seirenes nor anyone else
could consider doing.
Which meant - to give her a hard punch in the face. Who would have guessed
that she would have thought of such a strategy?
“...Now do you understand why the Seirenes are so happy? Ino-san.”
“...Yeah, this...what should I say...”
“Hehe~ ☆ So-chan, you put on quite a show earlier, but could you please on
Amira’s behalf beat up that ●●● as hard as you can~? Mm! It’s OK even if
you cause permanent brain damage in the process ☆”
“Ah, I beg of you, husband - please beat me ♥ hit me~ ♥”
Amira was smiling - but at the same time, her look at Sora was unbelievably
murderous.
As well as Leila who asked for the same thing, but instead looked at Sora
in expectation.
“...Hey, Jibril - what exactly is love?”
Sora looked up at the ceiling and asked, while Jibril smiled and replied:
“Isn’t it exactly what Plum said? As long as one confirms the presence of
love, it’s love -”
Slightly further away, Ino was conversing emotionally with Izuna.
“There really are many types of love...hmm, it appears I am not matured
enough either.”
“...Grandpa...Izuna still doesn’t understand it, des.” “Don’t worry,
Izuna. You will one day.”

Sora sighed and thought - will that day ever come? “...I don’t think
I will ever know.”
- Just like that, except for the Empress - Leila, under conditions that no one
could approve of...
That stupid game was over for the moment Part 6
Within the capital of the Elkian Federation, Elkia - in the middle of the
night.
Steph appeared to be burning the midnight oil in one of the offices in the
castle of Imanity’s final territory.
“...I knew it, this time Oceande’s going to be merged with us as well.”
- With her workload increasing, Steph’s eyebags were increasing in
density as well.
Other than that, even Avant Heim had shown interest in joining the
Federation, albeit only in name.
The mountain of documents in front of her increased by the day, and Steph
quickly averted her eyes from it in fear as she imagined it getting even
larger - but then she thought:
“...At this rate those nobles will finally shut up.”
- Faced with this undeniable truth, Steph looked at the documents
again and sighed.
Every single day, those nobles that came to challenge them in games for their
own benefit - had now completely disappeared.
Now the documents from Sora’s conquest of Oceande’s humongous territory
and resources were already this much - enough to deprive Steph from all
sleep - and Elkia’s federation with the Eastern Federation...the 「Federation
Concept」 that had initially been thought impossible due to the
vast differences of power between nations was now a reality due to their
efforts, and the situation had thus changed as well.
The territory of the Seirenes - meant that they could now utilize the
resources in the oceans...

Because they had acquired the 「Underwater Resources」 that neither Elkia
nor the Eastern Federation could utilize, the disadvantage both nations
previously had now disappeared.
What a stupid game, and that conclusion - Steph mumbled to herself:
“...From the very beginning, that was their aim - so this shouldn’t be
possible...right?”
It was by pure chance that Plum had visited Sora and the others,
allowing them to acquire Oceande.
But in the final game, Miko - which meant the Eastern Federation did not
participate, so Oceande’s resources had become the sole property of Elkia. It
was the deciding factor between the strength of the two nations, so the
situation had reversed from the two countries from being extremely far
apart in terms of strength to almost equals, so Steph was still somewhat in
disbelief.
- More importantly, they had acquired two nations at once. Besides that,
even Avant Heim was preparing to join.
After the Werebeasts - the Seirenes, the Dhampirs and even the Flügel.
Sora had kept to his word, acquiring three birds with one stone.
Like this they didn’t have to take their Race Pieces nor cause any damage no, even giving them benefits, they had annexed four races without a single
drop of blood shed. This made Steph recall something.
When Sora and the rest had conquered the Eastern Federation - Miko - she
had a rather ridiculous thought, and although she wanted to chase it away,
she began feeling that the thought began having some truth in it.
“...The tenth of the 「Ten Pledges」, Everyone should get along while
playing games...”
Steph’s mouth curled up in a small smile - was that finally possible?
Previously all they did was fight amongst each other, and the 「Sixteen
Races」 had disfigured the planet in their wars, so leading the「Sixteen
Races」 against the One True God without killing anyone, without anyone
dying - was that really possible “...? Speaking of which.”

Steph recalled the day that Sora and the others had bet the 「Race Piece
of the Imanity」 at the Eastern Federation embassy.
The 「Sixteen Races」 each had a 「Race Piece」, and if one were to acquire
them all that person would then have the right to challenge the One True
God.
Suddenly, Steph shifted her gaze towards the distant horizon.
The gigantic chess piece that was still visible even in the darkest night,
appearing as if it would block the moonlight, piercing the clouds.
- If that was the piece the One True God owned...
Did the respective Race Pieces have their own role to play as well?
Although she had yet to see the other 「Race Pieces」, but the 「Imanity
Race Piece」 that Sora brandished was “...The King...”
The King in Western chess was -「The weakest piece」.
It was the most important, but the abilities of a King were even lower than a
「Pawn」, that was common knowledge “Oh well, I’m probably thinking too much...sigh, back to work, back to
work.”
Part 7
At the same time - within the main hall of capital Elkia.
Relying on the building capabilities of the Eastern Federation, Sora and
Shiro’s castle was finally complete - which was a small wooden house.
Within the tatami-covered room that Sora and Shiro requested for, were
countless games and books scattered everywhere.
On top of it, the siblings were sleeping silently on a mattress within that
tiny space.
- At this time a shadow silently approached them. But that
shadow “- Hey, Plum, is there something you need at this time?”
“...Disturbing...sleep...”

Their voices sounded as if they were holding back laughter, and Sora and
Shiro stared into space, giving up on their act.
“...A-ahaha, s-sorry...um...that...”
How did a normal Imanity manage to see through an invisibility
spell of a Dhampir?
Plum dispelled her magic and smiled sheepishly, then bowed to apologize “Are you here to reveal to us your true identity?” As Sora said this
- Plum’s smile froze.
Sora and Shiro ignored her reaction, then sat up straight - their smiles were
just like that of little kids that had succeeded in pulling off a humongous
prank.
“I don’t usually compliment others but I really want to show my utmost
respect towards you, your strategy really was pretty amazing, to think you
would actually -"
Sora complimented her sincerely, but “You actually managed to deceive us to the very end without lying at all,
Plum - no...”
Sora’s mouth curled up in a small smile, and he looked at the female
Dhampir - no...
“The final male Dhampir - Plum-san, I should be calling you that right?”
- He looked at the young boy.
- ...A sigh was heard.
The beautiful, bishoujo-like boy sat down cross-legged as his identity was
revealed, and sighed.
His expression was that of disappointment - but hidden in his eyes were a
piercing knowledge sharper than any sword.
“...Ugh...did I mess up somewhere? When did you find out?” - Ah, so he
sounds like that, huh, Sora thought as he replied. “From the very start - well
that’s what I want to say but...”
Sora glanced at Shiro.

“I don’t really want to admit this, but Shiro was the one who noticed it, even
before the time we went to the beach.”
“...V...”
Shiro raised a victory sign, appearing very proud of herself.
And Sora seemed rather unhappy at her, so he cupped his cheeks and
complained.
“Because of that, I nearly sexually harassed a guy, and let you lick my sister’s
feet, I messed up that badly...dammit, I should have realized
earlier...(mumbling)”
“Ahaha...thanks a lot for that, I was dying anyway...”
Sora choked slightly, as he saw the bishounen say that without a single hint
of remorse.
“- So, let’s continue the questioning regarding that night at the beach shall we?”
“...~~...「Plum」...”
As she finished her sentence, Shiro immediately continued to recite out
that memory just like a tape recorder.
- 「Please let the Empress fall in love with you! I prepared a strategy for
that as well!」
Yes, that was the initial request that Plum had raised the first time he
encountered Sora and others - but...
“I felt that there was something wrong about that, because you didn’t say:
please awaken her. From the very start all you said was - you prepared
strategies for her to fall in love...”
So “We prepared 「Two」 tests for you with Miko-san’s help.”
“...~~...「Nii」...”
- 「I know about your sure-win plan, but why didn’t you guys just do it
yourselves?」
And in contrast, Shiro continued.
“...~~...「Plum」...”

- 「The final male of the Dhampirs is still young.」
- 「We need to at least a male with reproductive abilities.」
“First, we emphasized that it was a plan definite to succeed, but you never
said it was so at all.”
“...”
“Which meant - you knew from the very beginning that even if we manage to
get her to fall in love we can’t win right?”
Plum merely smiled bitterly, while Sora continued:
“Now for the second point...I asked why 「You guys」 didn’t do it.”
Sora indicated that “this is the part I’m pissed about”, and he continued
with his brow furrowed:
“I was talking about you guys! But you didn’t mention yourself as well,
instead you only said that it could only be a male, then talked about a
young male from an unclear perspective -”
He couldn’t lie before a Werebeast, so he could only make the perspective
unclear.
“- So it would be referring to you who has no reproductive ability right?”
No doubt, the person who realized that was Shiro, so “Do you remember the time I saw Shiro’s phone and it said 「Like that even
if it’s not Nii it’s OK」?”
“...Yes...but is there a problem with that?”
The young boy didn’t seem to understand, so Sora smiled and continued:
“Actually all that we had said earlier was already recorded by Shiro.”
“...!...”
“I intentionally recited differently from what was displayed on the phone which was lying to send a signal to Miko-san.”
Yes, Plum - the final male Dhampir - 「Intentionally avoided making a
statement」
Every time he was faced with a disadvantageous question, such as 「Is it A or
B?」, he would always reply 「It’s not B」, which would not count as a lie
because it didn’t mean 「Thus it is A」.

So since he was not lying yet telling the half-truth all the time, even the
Werebeasts wouldn’t be able to figure out such complex wordplay.
“But, that instead made things even more interesting.”
“Let’s arrange everything.” Sora clapped and began pacing around the
room, then continued cheerfully:
“You wanted to free the Dhampirs, that was the truth, and the fact that your
magic could make people fall in love was true as well, but you knew it
wouldn’t be sufficient to awaken the Empress. That means you were using
us to free the Dhampirs despite all that - hmm, you thought really highly of
us, thanks for that.”
Sora smiled, and Shiro smiled as well and replied:
“...~~...「Plum」...”
-「P-please wait! I can only rely on Sora-dono and the rest of you now!」
“Yes, that was true, we were the only ones you could rely on.”
Which means, the people that Plum’s plan required were - which again
meant...
The people that could find out the 「Conditions to awaken the Empress」
that even Plum could not.
The people that would acquire all the rights of the Seirenes after
awakening the Empress.
If they were to fail, they could also be sent to the Seirenes as 「Food」 by
Plum.
- Which left the only race that even the Seirenes could look down upon the lowest-ranked race, the Imanity.
Additionally there was Jibril - or furthermore, Avant Heim had only Sora and
the others as companions.
But Sora had Izuna, or to put it further, Miko - the problem was the presence
of the Eastern Federation.
Before the senses of the Werebeasts, any lies would be immediately
detected - thus...
“You could only perfectly deceive us without using any lies at all, then
commanding us to act according to your will.”

“...”
Sora clapped sincerely.
“Ah, the fact that you thought so highly of us and trusted that we could do so
much makes me feel really good, honestly. To be honest the fact that we
couldn’t rely on a fixed tactic to conquer Avant Heim forced us to charge in
without any plan.”
“...Yeah, about that -”
He then scratched his cheeks, that poor-looking young boy - who was
actually a master strategist smiled.
“If not, that sort of game - how could I possibly help?” He smiled boldly
as if to declare: But of course!
Faced with the final male of the Dhampir who could say that so easily - Sora
smiled.
For the sake of his plan, he was willing to put himself on the line.
What a perfect 「Gamer」, Sora could only speak his mind.
“But, even though we were able to see through you this far, we were still
played a fool by your strategies - no, we could only act that way, and even
though I’m still not too happy about it, I can only commend your efforts guess we’ll call it a 「Draw」?”
“...Plum, well done...”
Sora then sat down cross-legged, but Sora and Shiro’s faces were all
smiles.
- On the other hand...
“Ahaha, you’re wrong - this 「Game」’s only winner is me!”
As he said this, his expression was still pitiful, but he glanced at them
condescendingly.
- It was just like - yes, it was like he had his eyes set on a huge feast and was
prepared to tuck in, Plum smiled in a twisted fashion.
“...What?”
- Sora felt his life was threatened so he went on full alert at this sudden
change.

I see, so my plans were uncovered, but - that’s not enough, and Plum
continued mockingly:
“The Queen bet 「Everything she had」! Have you not realized?”
“- What!?”
As he heard this - Sora’s face twisted, and he backed away.
Has he finally realized? The cold smile on Plum’s face widened even
more, and he continued:
“Yes...not only her 「Power」, but even her 「Responsibilities」 were
transferred onto you guys.”
“- Ah - w, wait a second...that means - !!”
Sora finally understood the situation, and he hurriedly shielded Shiro with
his own body, and cried out with eyes bulging in fear.
Since he had 「Everything」 that belonged to the representative of the
Seirenes - it didn’t just mean power ...
Responsibilities - which means the responsibility to supply the Dhampirs
blood - !
Plum - the bishounen with a pair of sharp, even seductive eyes.
That pitiful appearance of his was gone, and now - he was living up to the
name of a vampire - a 「King」 - the final male of the Dhampirs bared his
fangs in an evil smile befitting of a race representative.
“So, no matter how things develop, only the Dhampirs (I) benefit understand? You inferior species.”
“- ! W-wait, that’s - !!”
Sora was so shocked he turned pale, and he cried as though pleading for
his life.
Instead Plum spread his blood-red wings, then smiled in a beastly
manner with his glittering, seductive fangs opened wide.
- As a courtesy before a meal, he spoke softly: “Thank you for
the food - ♪”
Then, he charged straight at the terrified Sora’s neck, and bit -

...
- He couldn’t bite.
“...Huh? Um , what? Er, what’s going on!?”
...His king-like composure disappeared in an instant, and the King of the
Night - turned back into Plum.
“...Nii...your acting was rather exaggerated...”
“Huh? Nah, I should be acting more outrageously here, right?”
- His terrified expression had completely disappeared somewhere
along the way.
The two smiled thinly as they looked at the flustered Plum.
“Plum, you’re quite something, and that’s something I don’t mind repeating.
To think that you could conjure up such an amazing strategy, but you didn’t
consider - if we actually awoke the Empress, how were you going to free
the Dhampirs?”
“- !?”
“Just like how you thought so highly of us, we - think highly of you as well.”
In an about-turn of expressions, Sora glanced at him sincerely - yet that gaze
carried the challenging arrogance of a gamer.
“That’s why I said, this 「Game」- is a draw.”
As he heard this - Plum opened his eyes wide in surprise for the very first
time.
But Sora merely spread his arms cheerfully, smiled and continued:
“You’re really good, I mean it. You actually set a trap that would activate
automatically if we were to win - a time bomb - this is the first time I’ve been
set up so beautifully in my entire career as a gamer!!”
- Once again - Shiro recited accurately: “~~...「Nii」...”
- 「The Empress bet - 「Everything she had」...am I correct?」
“You merely looked down without saying anything - not a word of
confirmation nor denial, so we were able to confirm everything including
the presence of the trap.”
Sora said, but as he heard the next sentence...

Plum actually felt sweat dripping from his cheeks, and he felt shock - no,
pure horror.
“- So! Let’s reveal the time bomb we set on you as well.”
“...~~...「Plum」...”
-「I heard that Sora-dono and the others are planning to conquer all
the races.」
Sitting on Sora’s lap, Shiro happily recreated that sentence, that was one of
the very first things Plum had said to Sora “I’m sorry, you 「Messed up」 there, we never planned to get anyone’s
piece.”
“-----Huh?”
“So, when you weren’t around - I told the Empress.”
Sora narrowed his eyes and smiled as if he was reciting a humorous
joke to a friend:
Which was “Aside from the responsibilities held in helping us, we return everything,
your Race Piece included.”
But Sora then continued weakly: “She said 「My beloved husband, please
don’t return the right for you to continue bullying me!」” So that was the
only thing she refused.
...Plum collapsed weakly onto the ground and sighed.
“...What does that matter to me...if one messes up the first step in a plan,
everything is lost...”
The greater a plan was, the first step would decide even more, Plum
couldn’t possibly not know this.
But how could one detect a screw-up in the very first step of a plan - Plum
thought.
“You only made one mistake, and it was a common mistake, but aside from
that - everything was perfect.”
“...What?”

“The Dhampirs were weakened due to the 「Ten Pledges」, you realized
that, and even raised measures to counter that...but despite that, you weren’t
conscious enough of the weaker ones, so at the most crucial stage -”
Sora replied bitterly:
“You called us the inferior races right? ...That was the reason.”
As he heard that - Plum understood, and he sighed.
“- Ahaha...to think I still have that sense of pompous pride even after I got
this far...something that shouldn’t have been there, I was wrong all
along...you guys actually...”
Reverting to his usual pitiful expression, Plum looked up at the ceiling and
said:
“...You guys actually intend to challenge the One True God, who would have
thought of that...”
Sora and Shiro smiled in satisfaction as they heard that.
- Yes, that person - Plum, the final male of the Dhampir had noticed.
He had found the way to conquer this world (game).
“This world would be a much better place with more people like you
around, and this time you were only one step short.”
“...Let’s play again next time...Plum-san...”
Next time pay more attention - the two had even gave him advice, and as he
heard them say this without even the slightest bit of apprehension in their
voices...
Plum - ...sighed deeply and collapsed onto the floor.
“Aaaaahhhhh, how disappointing! Everything was perfect from the start...I
was wary of the Flügel and the Werebeasts, and I took close attention to
you both as well, despite that I began to have a bad feeling at Avant
Heim...”
- The thought that briefly flashed across his mind that the both of them were
too dangerous was correct.
“...Sigh...how is this a 「Draw」, it’s just things returning to square one.”
- Yes, what had Plum’s plans changed?

The awakening of the Empress saved them from becoming extinct, but they
were still the slaves of the Seirenes and had to continue coexisting with them
just like before; and if the Seirenes wished to assist Sora, the Dhampirs who
were in a mutualistic relationship could not disobey.
- They had perfectly used Plum’s plan against him, reversing the
checkmate.
And this was still - a situation where no one actually lost anything.
“Ugh...you achieved an 「Absolute Victory」 but then said it was a draw, are
you mocking me?”
Plum glared at them who had manipulated his plan as if he was throwing a
tantrum.
“Let me say this first, I won’t let the Seirenes be our masters forever!”
Then he continued: so - I must say this. “...Do not
underestimate the Dhampirs!”
With the eye of the King of the Night that would petrify anyone gazing
into it, he looked at Sora and Shiro But the two merely dismissed it and raised their thumbs together.
“Of course, how could we possibly win if we underestimate our opponents,
let’s play some other time, I’m waiting for you.”
“...I had a lot of fun...Plum-san.”
- They merely replied with smiles praising each others as gamers.
Seeing that he was merely wasting energy, Plum gave up thinking and
collapsed once again.
---...
“...Speaking of which, the matter of the outcome of the game is settled right? I
have a request."
Plum looked into Sora’s eyes extremely solemnly, and - “- Soradono...please let me lick your sister’s feet -”
“Good, you up for Round 2 right!? Fine with me, give me your best shot,
Dhampir!!”

Sora yelled at the perverted boy who had become a slave to nothing but
mere drops of sweat.
“Ah, even yours is fine!”
“You don’t even care about the gender!? You cross-dress, you’re addicted
to sweat and you’re bisexual in terms of feeding, you’re a humongous
pervert, you know!?”
Goosebumps began surfacing on Sora’s entire body, and he unconsciously
grabbed Shiro and backed away slightly.
“After having the taste of you both, the taste of Seirenes blood isn’t enough
for me anymore, so please, I beg of you!”
“You just said don’t underestimate the Dhampir, but look what you’re doing
kneeling in front of me without hesitation!”
“Huh? No, because I’m the one that’s licking...” [5] “I’m not referring
to that - hmm?”
- At that point Sora appeared to recall something, and he spoke in response
to Plum slowly.
“...If you’re looking for an exchange, Shiro’s out of the question, but my
sweat is all yours since you’ve licked it back in Avant Heim anyway.”
“Really~!?” “...Nii...?”

The perverted young boy looked at him with overjoyed eyes, but Shiro
tilted her head in confusion.
“No, it’s just that I still don’t understand what love is at all, and Shiro and
everyone else seems to understand what is, so I didn’t get a chance to play a
part....s-so!”
Sora who was originally about to fall into depression violently shook his
head and made a suggestion to Plum.
“How about you cast that 「Love magic」 on me, then let Shiro put her
hands on my chest?”
“That’s nothing! Here, I’m all set! Let’s go!”
A complex pattern surfaced within Plum’s eyes as he prepared to cast the
spell.

But Shiro appeared to be considering something, and placed her hands
underneath her chin She appeared to have come to a decision...and she continued uneasily:
“...I understand...alright...”
“Yes, Sora-dono, since Shiro-dono has approved of it, let’s begin! So give
me sweat...hehe -”
“Alright, I get it, calm down a little -”
After that, just like the time he cast it on Miko - Plum’s black wings
suddenly turned blood-red.
The red spell that corroded into his arms shrouded Sora At the same time - after the sound of an explosion was heard, a red light
began emanating around Sora.
“Phew - phew - right, n-now all that’s left is for Shiro-dono to place her hands
on Sora-dono’s chest! Let’s go! And then...b-before I die of exhaustion, g-give
me some bodily fluids...”
- It appeared to be a spell that drained quite a lot of energy.
But he appeared to be willing to do anything for the sake of Sora’s bodily
fluids, and he hurriedly pestered Shiro.
Shiro merely placed her hands over Sora’s chest, and simply - spoke.
“...I like...Nii.” - ...
......
“...Nii...h-how was that...?”
Shiro asked nervously, while Sora merely tilted his head. “...No, don’t
ask me...”
Sora looked at Shiro - yep...still Shiro.
She was still unbelievably beautiful with pure-white hair and gemstonelike eyes, she was still his pride and joy, his cute little sister.
“Hey, Plum, nothing seems to have changed, what’s going on?”
Sora asked somewhat unhappily, while Plum attempted to fight off his
exhaustion and replied “Huh? H-how is that possible - ah, ah~...so it’s like that...”

After that - he seemed to have noticed something, and he giggled:
“I see...that’s why you allowed me to use magic right? Oh~ oh~ ♪”
“...What are you talking about...I don’t get it...”
Shiro averted her gaze coldly - only Sora didn’t seem to understand what
was going on, and he couldn’t keep up with the conversation.
But Plum - had a look of utter revelation on his face, as though he had just
solved the greatest rule of the universe.

“I see, so that’s why the seduction of the Empress didn’t work...hmm~”
As long as he was in this world it would be impossible for him to not be
affected by spirits, but Sora wasn’t affected by the Empress at all.
Plum’s magic had the effect of changing the definition of the feeling to love
someone into an actual emotion, but after the magic was cast there was no
effect.
Which meant “Shiro, what’s going on?”
Sora still didn’t seem to understand, but Shiro simply turned away.
“R-right, I kept my end of the deal, now g-give me sweat
♪”
“...U-um, fine, no use avoiding it.”
Sora stretched out his arm, at which Plum immediately cried out and
leaped onto it.
- The magic had appeared to have been used, so he had no reason to lie,
but there was no effect.
“...What does this mean? Does that mean I can’t fall in love even with magic,
is that what this world is trying to tell me?”
Sora mumbled in disappointment, but Shiro didn’t reply.

“Aha ♥ that’s it! Ah it’s so delicious, I wonder why ♥”
Looking down at the noisy pervert who was busy licking the back of his hand,
Sora rolled his eyes and asked:
“...Shiro...what is love?” “...No idea...♪”
She turned away - Shiro replied softly with her face crimson red.

Epilogue: Neverending
Part 1
“...Hey Steph, what is love?” “That topic again? Isn’t
it over -”
“I seem to have given birth to a baby girl.” “...Huh?”
...Steph told herself to calm down.
Within Steph’s office where she continued to busy herself with national
affairs, Sora, Shiro and Jibril suddenly appeared.
After which Sora immediately began with that line.
...Mm, I see.
Even after she calmed down, she still didn’t understand anything.
“...Is your mental state in order?”
- At that point Jibril began explaining.
“The Seirenes are a very fertile race - especially the Empress, she can
probably have a child with just a few strands of hair from Master, so as long
as the Empress isn’t asleep again you can probably tell why they’re such a
peaceful race.”
But then Steph asked, fighting back a surfacing headache: “- T-that’s not
the important thing here...huh? A girl?”
“I did say it was a girl, but since it’s a Seirenes, she can’t come out from the
water right? So I can only go visit her, which is why I’m now puzzling over
whether or not I should go - could this be paternal love?”
- Steph had witnessed a miracle.
- The virgin appeared to be exuding paternal love. “...No point
in...going...”
“No, but that’s my daughter!?”
“To be precise, the Empress had acquired an extremely small amount of
Spirits from the Master’s hair and created a clone of the Empress (Leila)
from it...so basically that’s how Seirenes 「Reproduce」.”
In the midst of the chaos, Izuna appeared.

- She had a huge fish in her mouth - no, a young female Seiren. “...S-sora,
there’s a tiny little Seiren here, des.”
The first word from the tiny Seiren’s mouth was: “----Pa...pa...?”
- Sora felt an electric shock pierce him.
“Aaaahhhh, my daughter, yes, I’m papa-uggghhhhhh!”
Just as Sora dashed up in an attempt to hug her, Shiro punched him.
“Funny, the Seirenes shouldn’t be able to come out of the water.”
“That guy called Plum came as well, des.”
“Ah...is it the magic of the Dhampir...but if you don’t place her in water fast,
she’ll die!”
“Steph! Get a bucket immediately! Ah, there’s a pond in the courtyard, right!
Will that work!?”
“Anything! Could you all please settle this outside!? Or could you actually do
some work!!”
Looking at the chaotic office, Jibril began thinking alone.
There were Imanity, Flügel, Werebeasts, and - even the Seirenes and
Dhampirs.
- They weren’t quarreling.
Azrael - and even Avant Heim were about to change as well.
Everything in the world was slowly but surely transforming into
something impossible to happen after the creation of the 「Ten Pledges」no, even something impossible before it.
And it was centered around her two Masters “The day that the Masters’ Bible finally becomes a legend...doesn’t
seem to be very far off.”
Jibril nodded in confirmation, and added to the Bible - to her observational
diary of Sora and Shiro one single sentence.

--~~ Year ~~ Month ~~ Day - Master gave birth as a virgin - [1]

Part 2
- The capital of Elven Gard, the Nilvalen residences. “...I lose again.”
Kurami sighed as she was playing games with Fii, and took out her notebook.
“Kurami, you don’t seem to be as adamant now when you lose huh?”
“...How could I not be adamant, that’s why I’m doing this.”
Kurami said unhappily, and what she was recording down was the reasons
as to why she lost.
That notebook dictated all the patterns and strategies she could have
predicted but didn’t.
Since the day she played chess against Sora, she had filled in fifty copies of
the same notebook within half a month.
- Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for an Imanity to
beat an Elf in a game that involves magic.
So - she would have to find an abnormal way to win.
Looking at that steadily growing pile of notebooks - Fii felt happy at
Kurami’s growth.
“- Ah, Kurami, some information (secrets) just arrived, let’s pause for a
while.”
Fii said, then touched the Spirit Gem on her forehead.
...Calling the information she gathered from spying on other countries
through the 「Elemental Corridor Network」 secrets was really an
exceptional act of hypocrisy.
Kurami smiled bitterly and thought, but as she heard the information Fii widened her eyes in shock.
“...Fii, what is it? Emergency?”
“Ah, it’s not...it’s just hard to believe...”
She then uttered that piece of news in disbelief.
“Sora-san and the others managed to get Oceande - the Seirenes and
Dhampirs to join the Elkian Federation.”

- Is that something really so shocking? Kurami smiled and asked, but
then Fii continued:
“And the 「Council of the Eighteen Wings」 of Avant Heim decided - to join
the Elkian Federation as well.”
- I see, that’s something to be surprised about, Kurami smiled and said.
Like that, after the Werebeasts, the Seirenes, Dhampirs and finally the
Flügel were serving under the Imanity now.
Sora and Shiro were completing an impossible task at an impossibly fast
rate, which caused Fii to feel puzzled, but "...They’re faster than we thought, let’s pack up our luggages quickly then.”
“...Kurami, did you know this long ago?”
Fii seemed to be saying sadly: Did you not share information with me? But
then Kurami laughed.
“Of course not, Fii, didn’t I say it was predicting? Their tactic is
「Adapting to the situation」 anyway.”
- If their aim was merely to annex all the races, it was only a matter of time.
“The problem is - they’re too fast.” “...Yeah, exactly.”
- Yes, they were too fast - if only the Seirenes and Dhampirs (Oceande) were
involved, they would probably be ignored. But after the Eastern Federation,
if Avant Heim were to be annexed, the situation would be viewed completely
differently.
In a short time, they had annexed a huge nation and a high-ranking race.
- The Elves, the Dwarves and other important nations would probably stop
surveying the situation and would begin heightening their guard.
They would finally begin an assault against Elkia - but - no problem.
“We seem to have made it just in time, so I guess there really was a reward
for us rushing through all that.”
“What I wanted to say was you’re trying too hard -”
Despite that, Fii smiled faintly and began packing up, then “Alright Fii, let’s go, I imagine we won’t be back here any time soon -”

“Heh, if they really succeed it would be a world-changing piece of news, we
can’t very well miss it.”
Leaving the Nilvalen residences, walking along the path they wouldn’t be
able to return to for a long time, Fii asked:
“Kurami, so the thing you mentioned before - what’s the 「Something
else」?”
Although Fii already had an answer, she still asked.
“- It’s not to tell lies, he doesn’t lie because he doesn’t lie to himself.”
Fii appeared as if she knew long ago, and she smiled as she merely
confirmed this.
- “I’m at my limit”, “This is below me” were words he would die before
saying.
- Because the person who had given the puppet (himself) life was way
beyond that.
- Because lying to himself was tantamount to rejecting humanity (his
sister).
Suddenly, 「His」 ideals surfaced within her head, and Kurami smiled and
said:
“Fii, do you know the common method all things use to achieve their
goals?”
“...What?”
“It’s planning, predicting, preparing completely, challenging - then failing.”
“...Is failing necessary?”
“Yes, then analyzing failures, thinking of counter-strategies, once again
preparing, challenging yet again - then failing yet again as well.”
“...”
“This process - if it were to continue again, there would be nothing
unachievable in this world.”
“...What a shocking thesis...”
Fii was rendered completely speechless, even feeling respect, while Kurami
smiled and nodded in agreement as well.

“Yes, it’s a ridiculous thesis - but I do kind of like it.” There was
nothing unachievable.
If one couldn’t do something, it would merely mean one did not yet have
the ability to do something - all that was left was to compete against age
(time).
But even that competition itself could be passed down to generations
like the next - that was the Imanity (the weak).
“Neither Sora and I are superheroes, we aren’t genii, but we have no reason
to be.”
It was simply “The desire to become a genius is the important part.” “...”
“Our countless failures, will light the way for our successors - become the
lantern brightening the night ahead.”
For him it was - a lantern for Shiro, for herself it was a lantern for Fii, and it
was the same with the countless failures of the Late King.
In the end they would definitely become - the lantern for all Imanity, for
all the races Suddenly, Fii asked Kurami what she thought about the man who had
influenced her this much.
“...Kurami, what kind of person is Sora-san to you?”
As she heard that question, what flashed through her mind was - the world
he saw “He’s just a man wanting to be a gamer, a man refusing to be a puppet.”
- After that, no doubt about it, what she really wanted to say was - Kurami
continued:
“Someone that we will surpass someday - right?”
Fii smiled and took her hand as she heard Kurami say that with the
uttermost conviction.

Part 3
The capital of the Eastern Federation, 「Mila」- Miko’s shrine. [2]

Under the moonlight, the golden -haired fox girl and the white-haired elderly
Werebeast - Miko and Hatsuse Ino sat face-to-face.
They sat on the bridge stretching over the pond in the courtyard, and in
Miko’s hand was - the Werebeasts’ Race Piece.
- Holding the 「Pawn」-shaped, faintly glowing chess piece, Miko said:
“...Gamer...I heard that there are two meanings for this word in the Imanity
language.”
Which were - 「Player (challenger)」- or 「Prayer (someone who prays)」.
Following his own will, striding forward - someone who pioneers into
the unknown and challenges the future.
Entrusting his own will to others, and closing his eyes - someone who turns
his back toward the unknown and leaves his future.
“Hatsuse Ino, to be honest, I was considering leaving you behind.”
There was no tone of apology in her voice, because she had no right to say
that, Miko told Ino determinedly:
“That way, your sole sacrifice would cause the Dhampirs and Seirenes to
decline, then we could control them without any risk.”
“...Yes, I completely understand.”
- What Ino couldn’t understand was Sora’s motive. Why was he
saved?
Hatsuse Ino completely understood Miko’s motives, and he was prepared
to die there.
Which was why he couldn’t understand - couldn’t comprehend Sora.
“- That game was won, but it was an unnecessary game.” - It was a boring
game that produced boring results.
But if they were to mess up even slightly, both the Eastern Federation
and Elkia would suffer greatly.
The worst situation - Plum’s nefarious plan would have succeeded, and the
Imanity would have suffered irreversible damage.
“It was an unnecessary risk, but despite that, the two still went through
with it.”

Ino thought there was a reason they didn’t tell them of - but...
Miko laughed and replied:
“...He and Hatsuse Izuna made a 「Promise」 that they would save
you.”
Ino wasn’t expecting that - just for that, they bet the survival of their own
species -?
“But as gamers, one of their reasons was probably that they didn’t like to
win without a fight.”
- But...
“In conclusion, because of an idiot’s game the Imanity nearly became prey
for the Dhampirs, although Sora was able to calculate that and turn their
plan against them...but they must have known the magnitude of the risk they
were taking.”
“...”
“Hatsuse Ino, what do you think of Sora?” “...To be honest, I
have no idea.”
Ino looked down, but Miko laughed as well and said “Me too”, then
continued:
“- That man is a liar, a master of deceit - but he doesn’t lie, no, he can’t lie.”
If - Miko continued:
“If he could lie to himself, he would probably be a bad, easily understandable
person.”
Miko didn’t know anything about what happened to Sora before he
came into this world.
But it must have been hard on him, that was what she thought as she
surveyed Sora and Shiro from a distance.
She had no evidence, and if she was forced to, she could only say it would
be her instincts as a Werebeast, or probably instincts from her personal
experiences.
But - for some reason, she knew.
Why would someone as good at psychological warfare like Sora be unable
to get into a relationship in real life, that was probably because -

He couldn’t lie to himself.
Since he couldn’t lie to himself - he couldn’t say he liked someone that
he actually doesn’t.
So - the reason why he had no regrets leaving behind his previous world,
now that’s an interesting one, it’s probably The world that couldn’t accept the only girl he loved - he would be
unable to accept it either.
- Only this one thing, even if he had to face the entire world, he would never
be able to accept it.
“So...I am fully prepared - Hatsuse Ino.”
Miko smiled confidently, and on her face - was an emotion that Ino had not
seen for years.
“Even when I gave up on you, that man didn’t, and he fully trusted in
himself - why didn’t you believe in yourself then?”
Ino looked down once again when faced with this query, then replied
respectfully:
“- If you could once again pursue your dreams, if you could allow me to
dream once again.”
As she heard this, Miko smiled, and she took the Race Piece of the
Werebeasts - that pawn which appeared to be woven with light...
She flicked it upwards into the sky with her fingers.
“- Sora, let me witness the continuation to a dream of which I have never
seen before.”
A mere chess piece - could rise above the board and become a gamer.
At the end of that dream which was once dreamed yet given up on halfway that never-ending dream 「END」

Afterword
- In a certain meeting room of a certain anime production agency on a
certain day.
The director was holding a script that had been read almost to tatters, and
asked MF (the publishers):
“...Ah~ what exactly is the setting here?”
The original writers’ gazes immediately - settled upon Kamiya who was
currently immersing himself in the deliciousness of the snacks provided.
As he noticed everyone’s glances, faced with this sudden problem,
Kamiya nearly choked but still stood up and said confidently “Hmm, it is not yet confirmed!!”
Despite the fact that everyone’s icy gazes were raining down upon him,
Kamiya spread his arms wide and continued:
“If everything was decided from the very beginning, I can only write
adhering to that! Adapting to the situation then presenting one’s work in the
most effective and entertaining manner to the readers is
true「Entertainment」!”
But, as he heard Kamiya declare this, the director nodded slowly instead
and smiled mysteriously.
“So to say,「No Game No Life」this piece of work -「IS COMPLETE
BULLSHIT」, is my explanation correct?”
“Absolutely correct! With bullshit and courage, nothing in this world is
unachievable!!”
“Hmph...you brat, what’s your name?”
“Kamiya Yuu, these snacks are delicious (om nom nom).” “I like you, Kamiya,
you seem to be a good drinking partner.”
The two shook each other’s hands vigorously as though they were old
friends, while the chief editor could only watch them - That might have happened, or it might not have happened. “Please don’t
use an entire page for your tall tales.”

No, there’s nothing wrong with the central message here right?
It’s the editor (you) who wanted me to publicize the anime and mention all
parties involved right?
But since the tone and even personality of everything has to be fabricated,
the lines are of course fake as well.
“If the lines are fake, then isn’t the so-called central message fabricated as
well?”
(Ignores) Hmph, that director...is a complex character.
Since all the information he’s given me are all filled with his bluffing, it’s
exceeding beyond even the original author’s (my) imagination.
But if you want me to carry those over into the manga as well, I’ll run away
at a speed of 64fps.
- Alright, Chief Editor S, oh wait, nope, the「Fishcake」editor that joined MF
Publishings because he likes fishcakes.
You told me to subtly advertise the anime, is this alright? “Other that the
subtle part, what’s wrong with it (smile).”
So let me greet you all once again, nice to see you again, I’m Kamiya Yuu.
This fifth volume was finally released miraculously, which of course took a
lot of work off me.
“But the submission deadline was rather scary.”
Oh, about that, I have something horrifying to tell you.
Did you know? Writing novels, drawing illustrations, drawing manga, and
attending meetings at the same time is something impossible for humans!
“About that, isn’t that obvious?”
Right, so under this premise, please look through this itinerary. - So?
Anything astounding?
“Novel, illustrations, manga and all the stuff related to the anime seem to be
completely overlapping each other, are you referring to that?”
...
Dear readers, I imagine that you’ve understood by now.

The fact that this fifth volume itself was able to be published is impossible in
its own right.
“Ah~ this world is filled with so much unknowns.”
Yes, every day I went through things that made me question my own prior
knowledge, I could say I lived a productive life (rolls eyes and glares).
- So, how did you all feel about this fifth volume of「No Game No Life」?
The anime is already in production, and the first volume of the 「No Game
No Life」manga is out as well by me and Mashiro Hiiragi is in stores right
now, so I hope you all can give it a look. I hope that the contents in both will
appease you readers. [1]
Finally I wish to use this situation to express my deepest thanks to all my
senior colleagues aside from Fishcake.
“Huh? Why am I the only one being left out!?”
Because of this. Because of this crazy email right here, you want me to
submit the manuscript for the sixth volume by this year.
“Huh~ If it’s Kamiya -sensei it should be fine, you can do it, since giving up
lightly isn’t like you...”

Afterword
(placeholder)

Credits
Author : Kamiya Yuu
Illustrator : Translators : Fate Scarlet, Drinkingwater, Seitsuki, Maine12329, Venis
Editors: Sideswipe, Azure, mikawa, 神
PDF compiled by: Kiri

