Color Illustrations

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

Prologue
“Onii-chan~!”

It was a bright and clear Sunday. I was sitting at the dining table
eating my lunch, and I suddenly had an «ominous feeling» rush up
between my eyebrows after seeing my beloved imouto giving me her
brightest smile. This proves how I, Kirigaya Kazuto, was not a good
person.
However, I still stopped myself from putting the cherry tomato
into my mouth and said,
“Wha…what’s wrong, Sugu?”

Once I finished asking, I saw my imouto—or rather, my cousin,
Kirigaya Suguha sitting across me. She picked up something that she
had put down on the chair beside her, and at this moment, I
immediately knew that my premonition was spot on.
“Erm…did you see this news on the net this morning?”

As she said that, a large A4-sized printing paper was pushed to
me. It seemed that she printed the news bulletin of the largest VRMMO
gaming info website «MMO Tomorrow», or ‘M Tomo’ for short.

The headlines had the words ‘The list of 30 players taking part in
the 3rd «Bullet of Bullets» Royal Rumble for the title of the strongest in
‘Gun Gale Online’ has been revealed’ written in thick font.
Below it, there’s also a brief report of the namelist of all the
participants.

8

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

The finger of Suguha, who cut her fingernails neatly, pointed to a
line ‘Ranked 1st in Group F: Kirito ‘First’ ‘ I glanced at those words and
weakly tried to cover things up.
“Heh, heh— so there’s someone with a name similar to mine—”
“What do you mean similar? It’s completely the same.”

Under the bangs, Suguha showed a smile on the clean face
befitting that of a sports-girl.

In this world of reality, she could take part in the national High
School kendo tournament and the Gyokuryuuki group kendo
tournament. Someone weak like me who could only hide at home can’t
match her physically. Also, Suguha’s controlling the fairy swordsman
«Lyfa» in this completely technical VRMMO «ALfheim Online». Those
proper and sturdy sword techniques far surpass my sword skills
where I merely swung my sword wildly.

No matter whether it’s the real world or virtual world, I could
only apologize immediately once I get into an argument with Suguha,
but normally, I wouldn’t need to worry about that. That’s because
during the past year ever since I returned back to the real world, we
cleared all the alienating feeling we had when we were young, and
even had quite a good relationship. Even dad would feel jealous after
coming back from America during summer vacation.
Today—Sunday, year 2025, December 14. As mom was at the
editorial department like usual, Suguha and I had to buy our own
ingredients for lunch. We had Caesar salad with boiled eggs and
seafood paella, and so we faced each other at the table and started to
tuck in happily…until Suguha took out that piece of paper.
“…Ye-Yeah, it’s the same, hm.”

9

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

I barely looked away from the paper that had the name Kirito on
it and put the cherry tomato into my mouth. I chewed on it and said
with a vague voice,
“Bu-But, that’s a pretty common name, right? I just cut my name
short. This Kirito in GGO may be called, Kiri… Kirigamine Tougorou.
That could be his real name, yup.”

The reason why I would feel such a sharp pain after saying such a
blatant lie must be because I said a huge lie to my beloved imouto. Yes,
the Kirito that Suguha was talking about was my character in the game.

As for why I had to hide this fact, it was because I had to
«convert» my avatar Kirito from ALO to the shooter MMO «Gun Gale
Online», a game with lots of problems, so that I could take part in the
«Bullet of Bullets» tournament.

This so-called «convert» is to make use of the shared VRMMO
functions that «The Seed» platform used. It could convert a character
from a certain game into another one while «keeping the same
strength». This was a system that was completely unimaginable a few
years ago.

Of course, there were some limitations to this system, and the
biggest of them was that I could only move a character, and can’t move
the money and equipment into a new game. Thus, the transfer
wouldn’t be just a temporary one, but a permanent one.

If I said that I want to transfer from ALO to another game, Suguha,
who liked that fairy kingdom, would be really badly affected. On the
other hand, I am hesitating over whether I should explain to Suguha
why I transferred «Kirito» over to GGO. That’s because this has
something to do with the darkest secrets of VRMMO.
10

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

The man who requested me to investigate the world of GGO was
called Kikuoka Seijirou. He was once a member of the government’s
«SAO incident task force», and now, he’s a member of the Ministry of
Internal Affairs and VR world Division, a government official of what’s
called the «Virtual Divison».

On Sunday a week ago, Kikuoka called me out and told me of
something strange.

He noted that amongst the streets of the world of GGO, an avatar
would say to other avatars «judgement» and shoot bullets at them.
That alone would be merely a prank or a disturbance. However, in the
real world, there were two players who died immediately the moment
they were shot—that’s basically about it.
I do feel that there’s a 90% chance that it was all a coincidence.

However, I really couldn’t give up on that remaining 10%
possibility of a «certain type»…so I accepted Kikuoka’s dangerous
request and entered the world of GGO, hoping to interact with that
shooter who created this commotion.

As there was no time to train my character, I could only convert
my Kirito from ALO over and took part in the BoB preliminaries on
Saturday yesterday to catch his attention. The initial gunfight caused
me quite a headache, but luckily, the first player I met and befriended
explained the content of the game to me, allowing me to pass through
the preliminaries and a first interaction with the guy who could be the
shooter.

Up till now, I still don’t know whether that guy who called himself
«Death Gun» really had the ability to kill gamers in the real world
through the game itself.
11

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

However, that made me find out something.

The «Death Gun» and I had an unexpected relationship.

Like me, the «Death Gun» was a «survivor» of that death game—
Sword Art Online. Also, I may have fought against him before and even
intended to end his life—…
“Onii-chan, you’re making that terrifying face again.”

On hearing that, my body suddenly jerked. The eyes that were
looking up at the sky blankly immediately saw Suguha frowning as she
gave me a worried look.
She put down the printed piece of paper she pushed to me onto
the table, hold her hands together lightly and looked straight at me.
“…Well, erm, actually, I knew that onii-chan… «Kirito-kun»
converted over from ALO to GGO.”

These sudden words caused me to nearly pop my eyes out. On
seeing that, this imouto of mine who’s a year younger than me gave me
a mature smile that showed that she saw through everything.
“How could I not notice that Kirito-kun already disappeared from
my friends list?”

“…No, however, I intend to move back after this weekend…and
you don’t have to check your friends list all the time…”
“I could feel it without looking.”

Suguha said firmly. Those wide eyes were shining with the aura of
mystery, and at this moment, I actually had a thought that this person
is a girl. This idea was really awkward of me, and besides, the guilt of
converting over without telling my imouto caused me to look away.
However, Suguha said firmly to me.

12

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“…The moment I noticed that Kirito-kun disappeared yesterday, I
immediately disconnected and got ready to rush into onii-chan’s room.
However, onii-chan definitely wouldn’t have any reason to hide from
me and leave ALO. I thought that something was amiss, so I contacted
Asuna-san.”
“I see…e”

My neck shrank after I answered briefly.

I only told Asuna—Yuuki Asuna and our «daughter», the AI Yui,
that I converted from ALO to GGO. Even if I disappear only for two
seconds, let alone days, Yui, who had partial system login authority
would find out immediately.

And Yui doesn’t like me hiding things from Asuna. Of course, she
would definitely understand if I told her that I had some troubles, but I
couldn’t do that after remembering that my instruction will cause a
huge strain on Yui’s main program.

Thus, I could only tell Asuna and Yui that ‘I have to head to GGO
because Kikuoka Seijirou requested me to’, and even explained that the
aim was to ‘investigate the links in The Seed’. However, I couldn’t
explain the main reason to them. Actually, it was about «Death Gun»‘s
shooting in the game and the 2 deaths in the real world—
This sounds really ridiculous, but as it was too unique, I felt that it
just wasn’t right. Also, this was also the biggest reason why I couldn’t
tell Suguha or my other friends that I converted my data.
I looked down and murmured, and then, I heard something move.

Then, it was the soft footsteps and the feeling of my shoulders
being touched.

13

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“…Onii-chan.”

Suguha leaned her body on my back and whispered to my ears.

“Asuna-san said that ‘he will be back like usual after creating
chaos in GGO’, but I guess that she should be rather anxious. I’m like
her too, because…because, onii-chan, you came back so late last night,
and your face was really scary.”
“Is…that so.”

I could only answer that. Suguha’s short hair stroked my neck,
and a voice with a tinge of breath was close to my left ear, and ringed,

“It…shouldn’t be dangerous, right…? I don’t really want you to go
somewhere far away…”
“…I won’t leave.”

This time, I said it clearly to her, and then placed my right hand
on the small hand that’s on my left shoulders.

“I promise. Tonight, after the GGO event’s over, I’ll come back to
ALO…and this house.”
“…Okay.”

Suguha seemed to nod her head, and then leaned her upper body
over to me as she just remained there.
My imouto was already distraught during the 2 years I was
trapped inside SAO, and I really shouldn’t have made her so anxious.

Actually, I could send a message to Kikuoka Seijirou that ‘I don’t
want to do it’, and just forget about everything— But after what
happened in the preliminaries yesterday, there were two reasons that
made it tough for me to do it.

14

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

15

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

One of the reason was that I agreed to fight against the girl
«Sinon», who wielded some terrifyingly huge sniper rifle, mistook me
for some female gamer, and earnestly taught me all sorts of tricks.
And the other reason was my grudge with «Death Gun».

I have to face that man in the grey coat again, confirm his «past
name»—and the two friends of his that I killed with my sword. This
was supposed to be a responsibility I should have done when I
returned back to the real world…

said,

I tapped on the hand Suguha placed on my shoulder, and again

“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come back. Let’s hurry up and eat. The
food’s about to turn cold.”
“…Okay.”

Suguha’s voice sounded more powerful now as she nodded her
head, hugged me on the shoulders and let go after a while.

After she ran back to her seat in small steps, my imouto had a
bright smile on her face. She took a large scoop of paella, stuffed it into
her mouth, and then twirled her spoon lightly.
“Speaking of which, onii-chan.”
“…hm?”

“I heard from Asuna-san that you can earn lots of money in this
«job», right?”
“Ugh!”

My mind started to remember the 300,000 yen reward I agreed
with Kikuoka and the PC parts catalogue that I was prepared to use

16

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

this money for…I guessed that I have to remove the storage capacity
and slapped my chest confidently.

“O, oh, I’ll buy anything for you, so just wait for me to come back.”

“That’s great! I always wanted to buy a nanocarbon shinai!”

…Looks like I have to correct the main memory capacity as well.
I went out earlier than 3pm to avoid the traffic crowd, and
hopped onto the old bike before leaving the house.

The vehicle moved through Kawagoe Street as it continued to
head east, went past Ikebukuro, and moved through Kasuga Street.
After that, I turned south at Hongo, went through Bunkyou City before
arriving at the general hospital, which was my current destination.
I came here yesterday, but my memory seemed to be far away.

Actually, the reason was simple. I couldn’t sleep no matter how
long I laid on my bed, and could only keep my eyes opened in the
darkness as I tried to remember the long-forgotten past that’s deep
inside me, the entire process of the destruction of the killer guild
«Laughing Coffin» during the SAO era.

In the end, I finally gave up trying to sleep on my own and at 4am
in the morning, wore the AmuSphere, entered the VR space, used the
local area network to call out my «daughter» Yui from the PC in my
house and made her continue to talk to me until «sleep mode» was
activated. However, I couldn’t get a nice long dream because I couldn’t
sleep soundly.

Luckily, I don’t really remember much of the contents, but a voice
continued to ring in my ears ever since I woke up.

17

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

—Are you Kirito?

That was probably the mutter the gamer called «Death Gun» said
to me in the preliminaries yesterday.

And this was also a question to me, the person who used his
words to slay two—no three «Laughing Coffin» members, included that
bodyguard of Asuna.
Is it you? You’re the «Kirito» who killed us?

I just couldn’t answer ‘that’s right’ straight away when facing this
question, whether it’s the BoB preliminaries or the dream.

During the finals at 8pm today, I guess I will face that guy who
looked like an undead. If I am asked that question again, I have to
admit this no matter what.
But I just didn’t have confidence that I could do this.
“…I knew it would become like this…”

I should have used an entirely new name to enter GGO instead of
converting the name «Kirito» over from ALO.

Depreciating myself as I laughed about such a shameful thought, I
parked the bike and walked into the ward building.
As I sent a message over before I left, nurse Aki was waiting for
me in that hospital room yesterday. Just like yesterday, she had a
loosely tied braid on her hair, but today, she had a pair of frameless
spectacles on her nose. She was sitting at the chair beside the bed,
crossing her long and slender legs as she raised one of them up, and
reading the paper book that seemed to be a little outdated. However,
she quickly closed the book and smiled once she saw me.
“Ya, you came here rather early, boy.”

18

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“Sorry for bothering you again today, Aki-san.”

After nodding to her, I looked at the clock and found that it was
not even 4pm yet. There’s more than 4 hours before the BoB finals
begin, but I can’t possibly learn much if I sweated too much over nearly
missing out on the registration, I guess it’s best to appear earlier and
get some shooting practice.
I placed my coat on the hanger and said to Nurse Aki.

“Well, since the tournament’s starts at 8, you can take my ECG
then.”

Upon doing so, the nurse in the nurse lab coat shrugged her
shoulders lightly.

“It’s okay. I just finished night duty. I’m on off duty today, so I can
accompany you for a few hours.”
“Eh…erm, isn’t that too awkward…”

“Really? I’ll borrow your bed if I want to sleep.”

She said these words and winked a bit. As a huge VRMMO addict
who has very little experience in BGR, I could only look away vaguely.
Nurse Aki chuckled on seeing me like this. As this person saw me in an
embarrassing position during my rehab, I could not lift my head up to
look at her.

I sat on the bed to hide this awkwardness, and immediately
scanned through the screen equipment beside me and the two
overlapping silver ringed-helmet—«AmuSphere» that were prepared
for me.
Kikuoka specially prepared a brand new machine for me, and
there’s not a single stain on both the stainless steel or the man-made

19

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

leather. Its trendy design and feel far surpassed the initial Nerve Gear,
and it was more apt to call it a decoration than an electronic device.

This machine shouldn’t be able to cause fatal microwaves like
what its ad tagline «definitely safe» indicates. No, it’s more like it was
strictly designed to be able to create weak electric signals.

So normally, there was no need to head to a hospital and connect
myself to an ECG and let a nurse stand beside me to guard my safety.
No matter what anyone does, the probability of them being able to hurt
me through this AmuSphere is zero. No chance whatsoever.
...And yet.

The famous gamers in GGO, «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako»,
did die in real life.

And the «Death Gun» avatar who fired virtual bullets at them was
someone who PKed of his own free will in SAO...a red player.

What if there were still some dangerous component still hidden
in the FullDive technology?

For example, maybe players who killed people in the abnormal
world of SAO started to give off a certain type of digital «killing intent»
or «grudge» suited to the VR environment. That gets converted into
data by the AmuSphere, is transmitted over the network, becomes
some kind of signal in the target’s nervous system, and flows
inside...actually causing their heart to stop.

If this hypothesis is correct, then maybe it’s possible for the
attacks of «Death Gun» inside the game to kill players in the real world.

At the same time, it’s even possible that the virtual sword wielded
by «Kirito» could end up really killing «Death Gun» or someone else.

20

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

After all, I’ve also killed players in Aincrad. Probably more than
most of the red players did.

Up till now, I would deliberately forget those who fell at my blade.
However, the seal of those memories was opened yesterday.
No, it’s more like I couldn’t forget about them at all. During this
past year, I just lived through while trying to pretend that nothing
happened, and continued to escape the price of the sin I committed...
“What’s with you, boy? You don’t look so good.”

The tip of the white slippers suddenly knocked at my knees.

I was so shocked that my shoulders went stiff. Looking up, I found
that Nurse Aki was looking at me through the frameless spectacles.
“...Ah...it’s nothing...”

I shook my head slightly, but still bit my lips hard in the end. A
few hours ago, I made Suguha worry for the same reason. It’s too
shameful of me to let Nurse Aki worry about me even after accepting
such a request.

However, Nurse Aki gave me the encouraging smile she showed
when I was doing rehab. She stood up from the chair, moved beside me
and said,
“It’s a rare chance for a beauty nurse to give counselling. Just say
what’s on your mind.”
“...I’ll likely get divine retribution if I refuse.”

Fuu...after exhaling hard, I looked at the floor, hesitated for a
while, and said,
21

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“...Well, Nurse Aki. You were in the surgical department before
coming over to Rehab, right?”
“Yes, that’s right.”

“Please forgive this rude and direct question of mine...”

I glanced up left and asked in a more delicate voice,

“...How long can those patients who died remain in your mind...?”

This is a question I would probably get scolded for or even blank
white eyes. If I were a nurse, I’ll be wondering what would a brat who
doesn’t know anything about the surgical scene ask something like he
knew what’s going on.
However, Nurse Aki still gave me a smile and answered,

“Well...”

She looked at the ceiling of the patient’s room for a while, and
slowly opened her mouth before saying,

“If I try to recall, I can remember their names and faces. Even if
it’s a patient whom I spend only an hour with in the same operation
room...hm, I can still remember. I only saw them sleeping due to the
anaesthetic. That’s really unbelievable, isn’t it?”

In other words, there were some deaths in the operations Nurse
Aki did before...I knew that this isn’t something that I can just touch on
randomly, but I couldn’t help but ask,
“Don’t you want to forget them?”

Nurse Aki blinked twice, perhaps seeing my expression I don’t
know of after I said that. However, the lips that had light lipstick on
them continued to maintain their smile.

22

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“Hmm, well...I don’t know if I can answer your question here...”

Nurse Aki said that, and then continued with a very hoarse voice,

“Humans will definitely forget once they feel that there’s
something they should forget. They wouldn’t even have any thoughts
of wanting to forget. The more you want to forget, the more the
memory’s ingrained in you, which will make it clearer, right? In that
case, I guess...deep inside your heart, you subconsciousness, you didn’t
really want to forget about that, right?”
This unexpected answer caused me to take a slight gasp.
The more I want to forget, the more I couldn’t forget...?

These words went straight into my heart, leaving a strong bitter
taste in my mouth. After I turned it to a self-depreciating smile, I said
these words,
“...Then, I’m really a bad person...”

Evading the ‘why’ stare Nurse Aki was giving me, I looked
between my feet on the floor, clenched my fists and placed them at my
knees, and used this pressure to release the words from my chest.
“...I killed 3 players...in SAO...”

The dry voice knocked into the white walls of the patient’s room
and returned as a wonderful echo. No, I guess my brain was the only
one that was affected.

I came to this hospital during November and December last year
to recuperate, and Nurse Aki was the one in charge of taking care of me.
That’s how she knew that I was imprisoned inside the virtual world for
two years. However, I had never told her about what happened in that
world.
23

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

Anyone working in the medical care department would definitely
feel unhappy about hearing that I took lives. However, I just couldn’t
stop talking. I could only lower my head further and say with the
hoarse voice.

“They were all reds...all «murderers», but I could have chosen not
to kill them and make them unable to fight then. But I still slayed them,
because of my own rage, anger...and lust for revenge. I have even
forgotten about them for this past year. No, I still couldn’t remember
their names and faces even if I say this now. In other words...I’m the
kind of guy who would even forget the people I personally killed.”
The moment I shut my mouth up, the patient room became
completely silent.

After a while, the sound of clothes rubbing and the shaking of the
bed hit me. I guess Nurse Aki who’s sitting on my left is about to leave
the room.

However, I was wrong. A hand went over my back and was placed
on my right shoulder before pulling me over forcefully. At this moment,
the left side of my body was stuck tightly onto the nurse lab coat. The
tense me that heard a soft voice with light breathing at a position very
close to me.
“I’m sorry, Kirigaya-kun. I said confidently that I could ease your
emotional problems, but I still can’t remove the burden on you. Of
course, I can’t bear it with you.”

The hand that was on my right shoulder started stroking my hand.

“I have never played any VR games, let alone «Sword Art
Online»...so I can’t feel the weight of the words «kill». However...one

24

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

thing I definitely know is that you ended up having to do that because
you wanted to help someone, right?”
“Eh...”

Her words took me by surprise.

To help others. This element did exist, bu-but, I can’t just...

“In healthcare, there are also situations where we have to choose
who we want to save, like abandoning an infant to save the mother, to
abandon a vegetable to save someone who’s waiting for an organ and
so on. In a large scale scenario or disaster, there are standards to
assess the ‘level of injury’ and prioritize those who need help. Of
course...it’s not that we can kill without a good reason. A lost life can’t
be taken back no matter what price is paid. But...someone like you
should also have the right to think that someone was saved because of
you. You have the right to redeem yourself by thinking of those people
you saved.”
“Allowing me...to redeem myself...”

After I said that with a hoarse voice, I shook my head while Nurse
Aki’s hand was still on me.
“Bu-But...I forgot about those people I killed, threw away those
responsibilities and duties, so I shouldn’t even be redeemed...”

“It wouldn’t hurt that much if you really had forgotten about it.”

After saying that with a firm voice, Nurse Aki placed her left hand
on my hand and turned me to her. The long narrow eyes behind the
frameless spectacles had a tough glow in it. I found that there were
tears rolling out of my eyes the moment she used the thumb with the
shortened fingernail to wipe my eyes.

25

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“You still remembered it clearly. Of course, you will remember
everything when it’s time for you to remember. That’s why, you have
to remember those you helped and saved at that time too.”
After she said that, Nurse Aki placed her forehead near my
forehead.

The icy touch caused the swirling heavy brain of mine to calm
down. My shoulders started to relax too, and I slowly closed my eyes.

A few minutes later, I was naked on top and had electrodes for the ECG
stuck on me as I raised my hands to lift the AmuSphere.

Ever since last night, I’ve always had an icy and heavy fear and
responsibility troubling me, and now this burden has finally left me.
But once I meet that guy in «Gun Gale Online» again—«Death Gun», the
burden will press down on me again.

The VR screen that was as heavy as cast iron was placed on my
head. I turned the power on, and immediately, there was soon an
electronic chime that indicated the completion of standby. I moved my
vision and said to Nurse Aki who was sitting beside the screen
equipment,

“I’ll leave the control to you then. And, also...about just
now...thanks.”
“No, it’s nothing to be thankful for.”

After saying that in a pastor-like tone, the nurse draped a thin
blanket on me. I forcefully closed my eyes amidst the aroma of clean
soap.
26

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“Well, I doubt anything will be happening until 8...I’ll probably be
back by 10. I’m going now, then. ——LINK START—!”

After shouting, the colored lights appeared in front of me, and
then swallowed me in.

As my senses were gradually severed, Nurse Aki’s voice could be
heard.
“I understand. Be on your way, «Hero Kirito»-kun.”
What...?

Before I could even think, my consciousness left reality and
entered that barren wasteland of dust and smoke.

27

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

Chapter 8
“That guy...”
CRACK!

“...REALLY INFURIATES ME!”

Exclaiming these words out of her mouth, Asada Shino used the
toes of the sneakers she was wearing to kick at the swing.

This is a corner of a little park near Shino’s house. The sky had
become dark, and this park was a simple area with only 2 recreational
equipment and a pile of gravel, thus, no children would come here to
play on Sundays.

Sitting beside Shino on the swing was Shinkawa Kyouji, who
widened his eyes.

“That’s rare of you, Asada-san...for you to criticize someone in
such a straightforward manner.”
“Because he’s really...”

Shino stuck her hands inside her denim dress, leaned her back
against the slanted pillar, twists her lips and continued,

“...So thick-skinned, loves to cause sexual harassment, likes to act
cool... speaking of which, who the hell uses swords to fight in GGO!”

Everytime Shino would talk about how infuriating «that guy» was
to her, she would kick a small pebble beside her foot.
28

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

“Also, that guy was even cross-dressing as a girl right at the
beginning, and even asked me to choose clothing for him! I nearly lent
him money as well!, AAAAHHHHHH!! DAMN IT, WHAT ‘CAN YOU
PLEASE SURRENDER YOURSELF?’!”

This grumbling continued until there were not suitably-sized
stones around. Shino lowered her head, looked beside her, and found
that Kyouji was really shocked as he used a certain delicate expression
to look back at her.
“...What’s the matter, Shinkawa-san?”

“No...it’s not rare, but I guess this is the first time you badmouthed someone so much...”
“Eh...really?”

“Yeah. Because you normally didn’t seem interested in others...”

“...”

On hearing him say this, she started to realize it,

Normally, she wouldn’t interact with others enthusiastically. Even
if someone pulls a prank—like Endou and the rest, she would merely
feel irritated at most because she felt that there was no need to waste
too much energy getting angry at them.
If she really had to say it, Shino couldn’t even finish her own
problems. Who has the time to bother about others? Even so, «that
guy» really enraged her greatly for some inexplicable reason. It’s been
less than 24 hours since they interacted for the first time on Saturday
afternoon, and yet that guy remained in her memories, and she
couldn’t get rid of it.
But it’s no wonder that she would be this angry.

29

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

It’s been half a year since Shino started playing the VRMMO-RPG
«GGO». However, she had never met any gamer who invaded her
privacy like this. And also, she was overly shocked that he held her
hand during the rest period after the first round of the preliminaries,
and was so shaken up that she missed two snipes from mid-ranged in
the second round after that.
“...D, don’t look at me like this. I get angry easily.”

Shino deliberately dragged the pebble far away with her toes and
kicked it hard at the shrubs as she mentioned that.
“Fufu~ is that so.”

Kyouji continued to stare at Shino, but he seemed to remember
something as he suddenly brought his body away from the swing and
said enthusiastically,

“Then... do you want to ambush him in some training arena? If
you want to snipe, I’ll be the bait... but it’s better to take revenge from
the front right? I can immediately get 2, 3 outstanding machine
gunners to help. Using beam matter to stun him and then deal an MPK
isn’t bad either.”

The shocked Shino blinked her eyes at Kyouji, who was planning
all sorts of PK, and then raised her right hand to interrupt him.

“Erm, well... I don’t mean that. How should I put it... though he
infuriates me, his manner of battling is rather upright. I want to have a
fight with him under fair circumstances. I lost yesterday... but I know
how to fight him, and there’s chance for revenge too.”
Shino pushed the plain glasses up, and then took her handphone
out from her skirt pocket to check the time.

30

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

“3 and a half hours left before the BoB finals begin. I’m going to
blow a large hole on that guy in that grand event.”
Shino pointed her right index finger at the sky in the west, and
right where she was pointing at, a red moon could be seen rising.

Last night, on the night of December 13th, there was a
preliminaries tournament for the strongest in GGO—the «3rd Bullet of
Bullets».

Shino in K group managed to beat her way through, but in the end,
the one who appeared in front of her, was the one who was supposed
to be a beginner—even though she had a feeling that she would be
meeting him, «that guy».

His name was «Kirito», a gamer who transferred all his unique
data using «The Seed» platform from a VRMMO Shino didn’t know of
into GGO.

Shino was on her way to the capital of GGO, the «SBC Gurokken»
presidential tower where she met what should be Kirito, who had just
entered the game. He asked Shino where the weapons store was, and
Shino, who would normally point coldly in a direction and leave, took
the initiative to guide him through.
And the reason was—Kirito’s avatar looked like a girl no matter
how anyone looked at him.
Shino later found out that this M model in GGO was called the
«9000 series», an avatar that doesn’t look any different from the F
model. As this model was extremely rare, the account would be
extremely expensive if it were sold. Logically, Kirito’s appearance
would fit a «beauty» of this price. Long, beautiful straight hair, wide

31

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

eyes that were seemingly radiating the light of darkness, snowy white
skin and a slender body. To be honest, it was more feminine than the
real F model Shino had.

Having played GGO for half a year, Shino never met any «beginner
female players». Of course, she does know of a few female gamers, but
they all had more experience than Shino—all old-timers. The time they
would spend shooting at each other would be much longer than the
conversation.

Thus, Shino saw a black-haired girl—who was really a guy—
being all lost here and there, and immediately remembered her past,
and was soon attracted to him and became his guide.

Both of them chose their equipment in a large store, and Shino
then taught him the «bullet trajectory» unique battle system GGO has,
and even told him the way to register in the presidential tower. After
that, they moved to the waiting dome below the tower and into the rest
area to change their street equipment into fighting equipment. Shino
then took off all her equipment except for her underwear—and at that
moment, Kirito told her his real name and gender.
Shino extremely ashamed, gave him a huge slap and then said,

You must get to the finals. For the lesson’s end, I’ll teach you the
taste of being a loser with a bullet.

But to be honest, she didn’t think that he would have a chance.

Kirito was a beginner who just transferred into GGO, and she did
not know what this person was thinking as his main weapon wasn’t a
rifle or a machine gun, but a «photon sword» that’s used for close
range combat.
32

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

It’s basically a fantasy to use a sword to beat a gun-user, Shino
thought and was about to forget about Kirito—

However, Kirito unexpectedly fulfilled the promise with Shino,
and in the group F’s preliminaries where 64 people fought it out, he
managed to win his way from round 1 through round 5 using a laser
blade and a small caliber handgun as his sidearm as he stormed into
the finals where Shino was waiting.

At the highway under the sunset that became the stage of the
preliminaries finals, Shino witnessed Kirito’s amazing fighting ability.
He used the energy blade of the photon sword to block the 50 caliber
bullet Shino fired from her beloved «Ultima Ratio Hecate II»—or rather,
sliced it up.
Kirito rushed in aggressively between the bullet that was sliced in
half, got to Shino, pointed his blade at her neck, and muttered in close
distance,
“Can you please surrender yourself? I don’t really like to slay girls.”

“~~~~~~~~~~!”

Just recalling that alone made her feel the humiliation she
suffered again. Shino then crudely put down the right hand that was
pointing at moon. She looked around for a pebble around her that she
could kick, but unfortunately, they were all kicked into the grass. Thus,
she could only use the sole of the sneakers to kick at the metal pole.
“...You better get ready. I’ll pay back that humiliation with double
the interest...”

33

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

As she was panting hard, Kyouji got up from the swing and looked
bothered as he frowned at Shino’s face.
“...Wh, what’s wrong?”

“Erm...are you alright? Is it okay for you to do that...”

Kyouji looked at the right hand of Shino. Unknowingly, her fist
that was lightly clenched was now pointing the thumb and index
fingers in the shape of a handgun.
“Ah...”

She frantically shook her hand. It’s true that this action would
make anyone think of a «gun», and Shino’s heart would flutter every
time. However, there’s no such feeling this time, inexplicably.
“Y-Yeah, it’s alright...maybe it was because I was angry, but it’s
nothing much.”
“I see...”

Kyouji lowered his head and continued to look at Shino’s eyes. He
suddenly reached his arms out and cupped Shino’s right hand. That
warmth and somewhat sweaty feeling of the palms caused Shino to
look down instinctively.
“Wha...what is it, Shinkawa-kun?”

“I often feel...extremely worried...Asada-san’s different from
usual...Yes...if, if there’s anything I can help out with, I’ll be willing to do
it. I can only cheer for you through the screen...but, if there’s anything
else I can do...I...”

Shino glanced at Kyouji for an instant. That delicate face had only
the eyes that were radiating emotions from within and giving off
warmth and light.

34

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

“Wh...what’s this normal me...”

She couldn’t remember how she normally looked and muttered.
Then, Kyouji’s hands started to exert force, and he opened his mouth to
prompt,

“Asada-san’s normally so cool...always looking like nothing would
faze you...you had the same treatment I had in school, but you didn’t
run away from school like me...you’re so strong, so amazing. I’ve
always admired Asada-san’s personality...this can be considered my
dream.”

Overwhelmed by Kyouji’s pressuring presence, Shino wanted to
back away, but the swing pillar behind her wouldn’t let her.
“Bu, but...I’m not strong at all. I, you know...I’ll react once I see a
gun...”
“But Sinon is different.”

Kyouji stepped forward.

“She can use such a powerful weapon at will...and is said to be one
of the strongest players in GGO. I think that’s the real Asada-san. The
Asada-san in the real world will definitely become up like, so you don’t
have to worry...seeing you waver and angry because of that, I...I really
wanted to help...”
—However, Shinkawa-san.

Looking away slightly for a while, Shino muttered deep inside.

—A long time ago, I would cry and laugh like an ordinary person.
I didn’t become «the current me» on my own will.
35

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

It was definitely Shino’s wish to become as strong as the current
Sinon. However, she wanted to overcome her fear of machinery, and
not that she abandoned all her feelings.

Perhaps deep inside her, she still wanted to laugh and make noise
with her friends like an ordinary person, which was why she helped
that person in a rare out-of-character manner the moment she saw
that lost beginner girl on Glockenspiel street, and why she got angry
after knowing that he was a male.

Shino was grateful that Kyouji was so concerned about her, but
even so, she felt that this feeling was somewhat misplaced.
—I...I, what I want...
“Asada-san...”

A soft voice suddenly rang beside Shino’s ears, causing her eyes to
widen. Unknowingly, Kyouji’s arms were hugging her together with the
metal pole.

Even though the empty park was already surrounded in darkness,
however, there were passers-by walking on the street opposite the
pedestrian path with trees that were shed bare of leaves. Right now, if
anyone were to see Shino or Kyouji now, they would think that they
were a couple.

On thinking about this, Shino then pushed Kyouji’s body back
instinctively.
“...”

Kyouji looked at Shino with a hurt expression. She was shocked
and hurriedly explained,
36

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

“So, sorry. I’m happy that you said that...you’re the only good
friend I could make here, but...I don’t have that kind of feelings yet,
because I can only solve my problem by fighting on...”
“...I see...”

Seeing Kyouji lower his head in a lonely manner, the girl was
having a guilty feeling.

Kyouji should have known about Shino’s past—that incident.
Before he refused to come to school, Endou and the rest had spread
this news to the entire school, but even after knowing about that, he
was still willing to be friends with her. Shouldn’t she express her
feelings now? Of course, it’s not like Shino did not have that idea. She
knew that she would be extremely lonely if Kyouji left her in a sad
manner.

However, a corner in her subconsciousness wouldn’t let her
forget about that guy, Kirito’s face. He had way too much confidence
and belief in his own ability. Shino hoped to fight him so that she could
go all out.
Yes—right now, Shino’s only wish was to break the black and
hard shell that covered her heart and release herself from her fearful
memories. To do that, she wanted to fight in the sunset wasteland and
win.
“So...can you wait until then?”

She said in a really soft voice. Kyouji looked at Shino with eyes
that had many different feelings, and after a while, smiled. He indicated
‘thank you’ with his lips, and Shino smiled too.

After leaving the park and saying goodbye to Kyouji, Shino hurriedly

37

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

returned home and bought some mineral water and aloe vera yogurt
for dinner. She would normally try to cook a healthy balanced meal for
herself, but after more than 3 hours of gaming, there would be many
reasons why gamers shouldn’t put too much food in their stomach.

*Kasa kasa*, the girl held the bag that’s letting out that sound,
rushed up the stairs, stepped into her house, hurriedly put the
electronic lock on, went through the kitchen, arrived at the 6mat room
inside and glanced at the clock on the wall.

It would be a while before the finals of BoB start at 8 pm, but
Shino wanted to log in early and spend time to examine her equipment,
ammunition, and to focus her thoughts.
She quickly took off the thick denim jumper skirt and the cotton
shirt underneath, hung them on the hanger, and then took off her
upper underwear and threw it into a basket at a corner. She huddled
her body smaller due to the cold air wavering above the floor as she
changed into a more comfortable outfit consisting of a sweatshirt that
doubled as a tank top, and shorts.

After adjusting the air conditioner so that the air was not too hot,
and switching on the humidifier, Shino took a deep breath and sat
down on the bed. She took out the PET bottle from the plastic bag,
opened the cap and took a sip.

The sensor interrupt function of the AmuSphere could disrupt
99% of all the functions when diving in. However, Shino managed to
learn many ways to allow for a comfortable gaming environment.
Eating less before diving and going to the toilet are things that are
overemphasized. Also, one has to note the temperature, humidity, and
also wear clothes that didn’t burden her. She once logged in during
summer break after drinking lots of ice water, and felt immense

38

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

stomach pain in the middle of a battle before getting interrupted by the
AmuSphere that detected that something was wrong. Of course, once
her stomachache was alright and when she tried to connect again, her
character was already dead and respawned back onto the street.
Hardcore VRMMO gamers who had lots of money would seek
complete sensory interruption and enter this place called an «isolation
tank». Nowadays, the high-class internet cafés that also act as
relaxation facilities would start to have this tank, and Kyouji had
invited Shino over to this kind of shop a month ago.
The room was for single-person use. After bathing inside the
bathroom that’s available in the room, the user will be completely
naked and lie inside a capsule that takes up half the space of the room.
The inside of the capsule was unexpectedly spacious, a viscous liquid
that was properly adjusted, 40cm deep.

On lying inside, the body will float up, and the user won’t feel the
pillow that’s supporting the neck. Once the user wears the AmuSphere
that’s hanging on the inside of the capsule and closes it, the tank will be
immediately surrounded by complete darkness and silence.

Actually, that floating feeling inside that space was already a
rather interesting experience, but as she agreed to meet Kyouji in GGO,
Shino entered the VR space.
On logging in, the information processed to the five senses from
the virtual world was unusually clear. Kyouji said this was because the
body senses have reached the minimum, and thus, there wasn’t any
sounds made from the «sensor interruption leak» at all. Ignoring this
application, that sort of feeling where she could even hear the enemy’s
soles stepping on sand showed its worth to her.

39

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

However, she felt an indescribable feeling of anxiety that couldn’t
be expressed in words.

Or rather, it’s more like she was worried about her body once she
got removed away from the real world. Once she dived into the VR
world, she would be lying on the bed in the real world like a doll, and
this anxiety that’s brought about by this fact would be enhanced by the
capsule.

Of course, as compared to the «Devil Machine» Nerve Gear, the
safety measures on AmuSphere was way too much. It not only prevents
the sensor interruption from working—which was why a capsule was
needed—but also even the sound, light, vibration and other stimulants
to activate easily as past of the safety system and bring the user back to
reality.

Even so, the body that dived in was completely defenseless. In a
certain sense, this would be rather similar to sleep, but Shino couldn’t
shake off the stinging pain on her neck when she logged in through the
isolation capsule. In the end, she made a conclusion—her small little
room was the safest place in the world where she could log in safely
even though there would be some noise from outside.

Shino pondered as the spoon in her hand continued to mouth.
The yogurt was then eaten completely. After putting container into the
sink and washing it, she threw it into the recycling bag. She then went
to the bathroom to brush her teeth, use the toilet, wash her hands and
face before returning back to the room.
“—Okay!”

*Pitan*. She slapped her cheeks and laid down on the bed. Her
handphone was already switched to silent mode, and the door and
aluminum windows were completely locked. She finished her

40

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

homework that’s to be handed in on Monday during the day, and all the
trivial things she should worry about in the real world should be
completely dealt with.
She put on the AmuSphere and pressed the switch to turn off the
lights. At this moment, the face of the player she thought of beating
continued to appear on the ceiling that’s gradually turning darker
before disappearing.

Finally, what appeared in front of her was a swordsman of light
who had glamorous black hair and fresh red lips—Kirito. His left hand
was wielding the handgun, and the photon sword was in his right hand
as it was kept down. He was giving a smile of contempt as he looked
straight at Shino.

The will to fight was immediately lit inside Shino as this guy could
be the strongest enemy she could find in the vast killing wilderness. He
could help Shino break that power of the past, and in a certain sense—
he was her last hope.
I will fight him with all I’ve got, and I’ll win.

Taking a deep breath and exhaling, Shino closed her eyes and got
ready to utter the keyword that would shift her soul. The next moment,
the room clearly resounded with her rather strong-willed voice.
“LINK START!!”

The horizontal gravity the body felt suddenly disappeared, and a
somewhat light floating sense replaced it.

41

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

Next, the sky and ground seem to rotate about 90 degrees. Sinon’s
toes touched the hard floor like a soft slide, and only opened her eyes
once the senses of the fake body was completely aligned.

First, what appeared in front of her eyes was a large neon red
hologram that was flying as it dragged its tail through the night sky
that had no stars. The red words ‘Bullet of Bullets 3’ were flashing on
the tower.

Sinon appeared at the middle of the north end of Glockenspiel
street, the plaza in front of the presidential complex. Normally, this
would be a place that rarely had people around, but today, this place is
full of numerous players, and each of them were holding food and
drinks and partying about. Actually, this was to be expected. Now, the
betting pool for the upcoming BoB finals began, and more than half the
money that existed in GGO was gathered in this plaza.

The payout rate was shown on the hologram in the air, and the
bookmakers who were dressed in a rather splendid manner—what’s
scary was that they weren’t players, but «official bookmaker NPC» that
were created by the operating company—and information brokers
who were selling suspicious information were swarming about. Sinon
suddenly remembered about something and went near a bookmaker
NPC, and then looked up at the window, only to find that her odds
payout were rather high. This should be because of how she lost
yesterday. Thinking about this, she looked for Kirito’s name, only to
find that he was one of those who had a high payout as well.

Fu, Sinon snorted and thought of wanting to bet her entire
fortune on herself. But after thinking about how this would wear off
her main objective, the girl turned to leave the crowd. As her
appearance was known by all, and as a regular in the BoB finals, there
were many looks from all over as they watched her leave. However,

42

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

nobody had the courage to approach her for everyone knew that Sinon
was «a wildcat-type girl who’ll take action mercilessly once she finds
someone to be an enemy».

She wanted to enter the dome waiting area to gather her
concentration, and thus moved towards the presidential tower. After
walking for a while, someone suddenly called her by her name from
behind.
“Sinon!”

There was only one player in the world of GGO who would call
her that way. The moment she turned around, she saw Shinkawa
Kyouji, who she left several minutes ago in the real world, controlling
his avatar «Spiegel» as he waved his hand at her and ran over. A tall
and skinny M model avatar that had city clothes on seemed to be
slightly red from excitement.

“Sinon, why were you so slow? I was worried about you—what’s
wrong?”
Spiegel felt weird after seeing that Sinon had a smile on her face.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that I found it amazing that I could
immediately meet someone in a game after having just met that person
in real life.”

“...I’d say, I’m not so cool looking in the real world as I am in the
virtual world. What about you? What are your chances of winning? Do
you have some tactics?”

“If I have to put my chances of winning...I can only say that I’ll do
my best. Basically, it’ll be to search out the enemy continuously, snipe
and move.”

43

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

win.”

“That’s true, that’s true. But...I believe that Sinon will definitely
“Yeah, thanks. What do you intend to do next?”

“Well...I can only watch the live feed in a certain hotel...”

“Okay, once it’s over, I’ll meet you at the hotel. Are we going to
celebrate for me, or are you going to drink some wine with me to sober
up.”

Sinon again smiled as she said this, and Spiegel again looked
down before looking up again. He suddenly grabbed Sinon’s right arm
and dragged her into a corner of the plaza. Spiegel didn’t even care
whether any other players could see them as he quickly spun his head
around to look at the rather nervous looking Sinon, who could only
blink her eyes.
“Sinon...no, Asada-san.”

Spiegel should have realized how rude it is to call others by their
real names in VRMMO, so this really shocked Sinon.
“Wha...what...?”

“Can I trust your words just now?”

“My words just now...”

“You said that you want me to wait, right...? Asada-san, you said
that after you determined your own ability, you and me...”
“Why-Why are you saying that out of a sudden!?”

Feeling her cheeks burning up, Sinon hid her face inside the
muffler, but Spiegel stepped forward and again grabbed Sinon’s right
hand.

44

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

“I...I, I really like Asada-san...”

“Sorry, can you please don’t mention this now?”

After saying that in a slightly stern mode, Sinon shook her head.

“I have to concentrate on this tournament now...I have to fight
with all I’ve got to have a chance of winning...”
“...I see, you’re right...”

Spiegel let his hand go.

“But I-I’ll trust you. I’ll believe, and wait for you.”

“Y-Yeah. ...then, I-I think it’s time to get ready...got to go.”

Sinon would probably enter the tournament with a wavering
heart if she continued to talk with Spiegel, and so she backed away.
“Do your best. I’ll cheer for you.”

She nodded her head at Spiegel, whose voice was full of
enthusiasm, and gave a stiff smile before leaving. During the time she
exited the dark corner of the building and quickly headed towards the
entrance of the presidential estate, Sinon felt those stares that seemed
to burn her back.

After passing through the glass entrance and arriving at the inside
of the building that had very few people, the girl finally relaxed her
shoulders.
Thinking whether her attitude made him misunderstand, she
leaned on the stone pillar.

Kyouji’s affections for her were expressed blatantly, but to be
honest, it’s already tough for her to handle her own problems.
45

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 8

Sinon couldn’t remember how her deceased father looked at all.
To her, the male face she had the biggest impression on was the
criminal who robbed the post office that day. Once trouble happened,
her phobia would work up, and that person’s face would appear in her
head. That seemingly endless depth in the heinous express seemed to
be hiding in the darkness around Sinon, looking at her.

As for getting a boyfriend like the other girls, chit-chatting on the
phone, going out on weekends, these things weren’t things that she
never thought of before. However, if she went out with Kyouji like this,
one day, she may see «those eyes» in him. This was what she was most
afraid of.
If the trigger to her phobia wasn’t just «gun», but that she’ll feel
scared on seeing a «man»—it’ll be extremely tough for her to continue
surviving.
She could only fight. That’s all she could do right now.

*Gash!* Sinon forcefully stamped her soles at the floor and head
towards the elevator that’s deep within the atrium.

However, someone again called her from behind. This voice that
called her name was clear and somewhat hoarse, different from the
deep voice of Spiegel. Sinon could only close her eyes on hearing this
voice call her.

As she turned around with an irritated feeling, the one who was
standing in front of her was obvious— «that guy» she so hated.

46

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

Chapter 9
The place I landed at was at the most northern area of GGO’s
capital, «SBC Gurroken», on the corner near the presidential tower.

Under the depressing sunset sky, the bustling neon lights
continued to move through the crowds. The contents above seemed to
be corporate advertisements. If this was ALO, the players would be
complaining loudly about how this would ‘destroy the world view’, but
the depressing scenery does match the theme of a futuristic wasteland
city. And of course, the most glaring one of these neon lights was that
advertising the upcoming 3rd «Bullet of Bullets» tournament. My body
started to tremble the moment I saw those bright red words. Of course,
this wasn’t out of fear, but out of excitement—or at least I would hope
to believe.

I heaved a sigh and turned around, and subconsciously flung the
black hair on my shoulders. As my hair came to rest back on my
shoulders, I found myself sighing at my actions, but still managed to
convince myself that in the end, this is the proof that I’m already used
to my own avatar.

I intended to complete my registration at the tournament and
then move slightly far away from the presidential estate, but there
were a few stares aimed at me from both sides of the road. This felt
somehow unbearable. I wanted to glare back at them, but decided
against it in the end.

47

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

Actually, they weren’t really noticing me. It was just that my
avatar here looked just like a girl—a pretty girl at that too. If our
positions were switched too, even I would be looking.

Normally, there wouldn’t just be stares, but also two or three
players coming over to talk me up. However, the guys will immediately
keep their distance once they saw me approach. I guess the reason was
because everyone saw me fighting like a berserker with the photon
sword and charging at the enemies yesterday during the preliminaries
of BoB.

The tournament only revealed the names and number of times
participated in the tournament from the data of the participant, and
«Kirito» was a gender-neutral name. That’s likely why everyone in GGO
felt that I was «a girl who is also a psycho; a savage killer that
deliberately chooses to swing a saber, instead of a gun».
I didn’t really wish to be viewed as such a person, but that
misunderstanding was worth it if I could let the other players in the
BoB finals hesitate. Besides, my aim wasn’t to win, but to meet that guy
with the broken mantle—«Death Gun».
The «Death Gun»‘s name wasn’t amongst the 30 finalists, but he
was definitely participating in the finals. If his aim was to show off his
power in the world of GGO, the BoB in the game would be the best
stage for all to see. Death Gun’s real name—even though it’s weird,
should be the name of the other character in the system.

First, I have to find his name, and then talk to him again in the
tournament. Once I find out the name he used in SAO, I can use that
information to find out his name in the real world. Kikuoka Seijirou
said that he should be able to access the player account data that had
become classified. Once we get to know that person’s real name, we

48

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

should be able to find out whether he really killed «Zekushiido» and
«Usujio Tarako», no, if he could really kill.

However, during this process, I need to go through my own past
crime.
That fear still hasn’t disappeared.

But this is a necessary emotion to prevent myself from choosing a
path to run away, to forget.
I clenched both fists, stomped hard on the ground with the soles
of my battle boots, and headed towards the large tower of the
presidential estate that was gradually appearing in front of me.

As for a tournament against others, I would get excited during
ALO, and even during SAO.

Unexpectedly though, I would have to take part in this
tournament with fear.

As I showed a self-depreciating smile, I headed up the wide stairs
that lead to the tower, and found that there was a familiar sandcolored muffler swaying about at the entrance hall in front of me.

Without even looking at her clear blue short hair and the long
legs that extended out from under the jacket, I knew that it was the
avatar of my final opponent in the preliminaries yesterday –the sniper
«Sinon». She was the only person I knew of in GGO, but I was still
hesitating over whether I should head forward to greet her.
As I was immediately lost the moment I dived into this world
yesterday, I had to brace myself and ask Sinon, who I just met, and at
that time, I didn’t realize immediately that she mistook me as a female
player because of my appearance and somehow ended up acting as «a

49

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

beginner girl who didn’t know what to do at all». Other than asking her
to explain the game mechanics and helping me to choose my
equipment, I even went overboard by witnessing her avatar wearing
only her underwear in the rest area.
No—That wasn’t all.

During the tournament, I suddenly met the shooter «Death Gun»
and was approached by him. I learnt that he was «a survivor of SAO»
and also a member of the red guild «Laughing Coffin», which really
shocked me. Thus, in the finals against Sinon after that, I nearly gave up
on it. Basically, I was walking weakly during the start of the battle,
trying to get Sinon to shoot the fatal round at me so that I could lose
the battle.
However, Sinon didn’t hit me.

She shot 6 rounds that were burning in blueish-white flames due
to anger, then gave up her advantage, and met me straight on and
shouted.

She said, stop joking around, I should die alone if I wanted to, and
even said that it’s my right to think that this was just a match in a game,
but I should not force my values on others—
To be honest, these words hurt me deeply.

Actually, I said something similar to someone else a long time ago.

It was four years ago. At that time, I was just promoted to second
year of middle school, and was very lucky, or rather, unlucky to be
chosen as a player of the «Sword Art Online Closed Beta», and
everyday, I would dive into what I didn’t know was a death game, the
floating game city Aincrad until the next morning.

50

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

It was really a little embarrassing for me to say that, but the
«Kirito» that later became a legendary warrior wouldn’t really interact
with people back then as compared to now even though I used to be a
little famous for being amongst the top in PvP events, so I didn’t have
any people I could call friends in games. However, amongst the people
I knew, there were still a few players who I thought that I could
become friends with. One of them was a mild-manner tea-haired
swordsman I would often meet in a duel event. He was skilled in using
a one-handed sword.

This person would often fight with great logic and sharp senses,
and I’ve always hoped to meet him in the finals of the tournament. I
had been secretly wishing to fighting him in the finals, but when that
stage finally arrived—I received a great shock. At the last moment of
this intense battle, he deliberately took the slash that he should be able
to avoid. I guessed that he deliberately lost to earn some quick cash
from gambling, and basically blasted him with those words Sinon said
to me.

I was scolded like how I scolded him during the final stage of the
BoB tournament, so I sincerely apologized to Sinon. Even though we
faced off against each other head on, it should be hard for Sinon to
accept it. No matter what, she’s a sniper, and her greatest weapon is to
shoot those long distance sure-kill bullets. During the battle royale
tournament today, I suppose she would be trying her best to shoot that
bullet of revenge right between my forehead.

Because of the above mentioned reasons—or rather, because I
caused all of them, I was hesitating over whether I should say hello to
Sinon, who was a few steps in front of me.
But after a few seconds, I shook off my hesitation and took huge
steps up the stairs before calling her by her name.

51

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“Yo, Sinon, please guide me through today too.”

That muffler of hers that looked like a tail stopped, and the aqua
blue hair looked cat like the way it pointed upwards. The sniper girl
who spun around with the right foot as her axis gave an irritated
expression that showed that she hated me to the bone, and then coldly
snorted.
“…Please guide me through. What do you mean by that?

The anger in her blue eyes made me immediately regret it, but I
didn’t call her just for naught. It’ll be bad if I said something wrong and
made her ignore me. Thus, I said with a rather serious expression,
“Of course…I hope we can both fight with all we got.”
“Stop being disgusting.”

—Looks like I made a mistake right off the bat. However, I didn’t
give up as I continued,
“Speaking of which, why did you dive in so early? There’s still 3
hours before the tournament.”

“Wasn’t that because a certain someone caused me to nearly miss
the registration yesterday.”

Sinon looked away and grumbled before glancing at me, who’s
giving off cold sweat.

“…Speaking of which, aren’t you logged in now too? Why are you
talking like I’m the one who had nothing to do.”
“The-Then, let’s use this time effectively! How about we get a
drink before the battle begins…no, exchange information…”

52

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

I really won’t dare to say this to a real person in the real world.
No, considering that I already have a girlfriend in Asuna, it’s
unforgivable even in the virtual world. However, I dare to swear to god
that this isn’t about trying to get a date in the VR world, but to fulfill my
duty and mission, and also a necessary step to ensure Sinon’s own
safety.

—In the end, Sinon seemed like she didn’t notice my complicated
entanglement as she glared at me for a few seconds before snorting
and nodding her head with the minimum action.
“Alright then, I’ll be the one telling you all the information again.”

“I-I, well…it’s not that I didn’t have this intention…”

I managed to mumble vaguely and had to run to keep up with
Sinon, who was walking away in front of me.
After completing our registration at the hall of the presidential
estate through the machine there, Sinon brought me over to a large
spacious underground area. As the lights were dimmed to a minimum
all around, I could barely see the faces of the players that were
gathered at different tables. The few large-screen panel monitors on
the ceiling were dazzling with their original colors.

Sinon went into a booth that was far inside and then looked at the
menu displayed on a simple metallic board. She then pressed a small
button beside the iced coffee label. Soon, the similarly metallic table
opened up a hole, and a glass that was filled with black liquid appeared
from within. Compared to having to order our food with the NPC and
waiting for them to serve it up in Aincrad, this method is somewhat
simple, but it also does fit the game atmosphere of GGO.

53

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

I pressed the button for ginger ale and grabbed the glass that
appeared before gulping down half. While waiting for the imaginary
bubbles to disappear from my throat, I decided to start off.

“…The battle royale finals is to put 30 players in the same map,
and to begin a gunfight once we meet the opponent, and the winner
will be the guy that lasts till the end…am I right?”

In the end, Sinon glared at me through the coffee glass, and said,

“See, you’re intending to let me explain, right? Speaking of which,
this information’s written on the e-mail the operating company sent to
the participants.”
“I-I did look through it…”

Actually, I did look through it briefly. I intended to read the
specifics after logging into the game, but before that, I met Sinon who
was a veteran, so I guess it’ll be faster for her to teach me directly…I
wouldn’t dare to say that, so I merely coughed dryly to continue on.

“Well…I just want to check if there’s anything wrong with my
understanding…”
“You actually dared to say that.”

That extremely cold voice of hers caused my heart to freeze in
half. Luckily, Sinon placed the glass back at the table and quickly
started to explain the rules of this round.

“…Basically, it’s like what you just said, the final round is really
held with all 30 players fighting each other on the same map. The
starting positions are randomized, but every player will be at least
1,000m away from each other, so there won’t be cases of the enemy
appearing right in front of you out of a sudden.”

54

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“1... 1,000 meters? That means that map’s rather big…?”

I couldn’t help but interrupt, and the blue laser-like eyes shot
back at me.

“Did you really look through the e-mail? This was written in the
first paragraph.. The map of the final round is a circle with 10km
diameter. It has hills, forests and deserts, so nobody will have superior
equipment or abilities.”
“10-10km!? That’s rather big…”

It’s about the size of the first level of the floating city Aincrad.
However, that means that in this area that’s large enough for 10,000
people to hunt, there are only going to be 30 people that will be
separated from each other by 1,000m.

“…But, can we really meet our enemies like this? There’s a
possibility we can’t even see anyone until the tournament time’s up…”

“This is a game where we fight each other using guns, so there’s a
need for such a wide map. Sniper rifles have 1km shooting range, and
assault rifles have about 500m. If all 30 people are all packed in a small
map, everyone would be shooting madly, bang bang, when it starts,
and more than half the participants would be dead already.”
“Hahaa, I see…”

I nod my head in agreement, and Sinon continued with her
detailed explanation. Maybe behind this sharp and cold avatar is a kind
and gentle girl—if she finds out that this is what I thought, she’ll
definitely walk away without finishing off, so I still continued to listen
to her explanation,
55

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“—Well, just as you said, you can’t fight if you can’t meet an
enemy. Some people will also use this to hide until the last person
remains. Therefore, the participants are automatically given a device
called a «Satellite Scan Terminal».”
“Satellite…is it some spy satellite or something?”

“That’s right. Every 15 minutes, the satellite in the air will be set
to scan through. At this moment, everyone’s terminal will receive the
location of all the players. And the name of the players will be indicated
if you touch the flashes on the map.”
“Fmu…so, there’s only 15 minutes to hide at one spot? So we’re
likely to be ambushed once our locations are shown on the map, right?”
“That’s the case.”

I smiled and asked Sinon, who’s nodding away.

“But isn’t this rule bad for snipers? Aren’t you suppose to hide
and cover like a taro and snipe at the enemy?”
“Describing me as a taro is too much.”

Sinon glared at me with those explosive blue sparkling eyes, and
then coldly snorted and gave a proud smile.

“15 minutes is enough for me to fire one bullet, kill one person,
and move 1km.”
“Is…is that so.”

I don’t think that would be an exaggeration. If I try to ambush
Sinon through the satellite information, it’s likely that she will snipe me
from afar instead. I remembered this dearly in my heart, coughed dryly
for a bit, and then sorted through the information I received.
56

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“Eh—this means that I have to continue to move and take down
the enemies once the round begins, and then hang on until I’m the last
one…something like that. And every 15 minutes, the map terminal on
my hand will show the locations of all the players, so I can tell then
who’s alive and who’s not—well, is my understanding correct?”
“That’s basically it.”

Sinon nodded her head in affirmation and finished up her iced
coffee before forcefully putting the glass onto the table and got ready
to get up.

“Then, there’s nothing else, right? I’ll fire the trigger without any
mercy the next time I meet you…”
“Waa, hold on hold on, I’m just getting into the main point.”

That really sounded like a line from a certain civil servant, I
secretly thought as I hurriedly reached out to tug at the corner of
Sinon’s jacket.
“…What else do you want?”

Even though she showed an extremely irritated expression as she
deliberately look at the military watch on her left wrist, I continued to
nod my head without looking dejected, and Sinon sighed hard before
sitting down again. She placed both elbows on the table, and then
pressed her small chin against the fingers that were intertwined
together, telling me to continue with the movements of her eyebrows.

“Erm, well, I’m…I’m thinking about asking something that’s a little
weird…”
I stuttered as I finished and quickly waved my left hand to call out
the menu window.

57

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

VRMMO that were in the specifications of «The Seed» have an
almost similar menu window, so I changed it into a mode where others
could see it and quickly scrolled the tab down.

I showed the page with the names of the 30 players the operating
company sent to the participants of the BoB finals. Of course, we could
see the names of the finals of group F, first place ‘Kirito’ and second
place ‘Sinon’.

After glancing at the screen I showed her for a moment, an angry
twitch appeared on Sinon’s nose as she frowned like a cat—no, like a
jaguar.

“…What, are you gloating your victory over me in the finals
yesterday?”

On hearing that spiteful low growl of hers, I hurriedly gasped and
shook my head with a serious expression.
“That’s not it, I didn’t mean that.”

Perhaps she noticed my change in attitude? Sinon frowned her
beautiful eyebrows and said,

“…Then what do you want from me? Showing this participant list
all of a sudden.”

“Among the 30 people on the name list, how many do you not
know?”
“Haa…?”

I ignored Sinon, who was giving an extremely surprised look as I
moved my fingers down the name list that’s not really long.
“Please tell me. This is very important to me.”

58

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“…Well, it’s not like I can’t tell you…”

Though she still had a bit of suspicion, Sinon still continued to
look at the purple holographic window on the table, and her blue eyes
quickly scan through from left to right.

“Erm…it’s already the 3rd BoB, so I know pretty much all the
people there. Those first-timers in the finals…other than a certain
infuriating light saber user, there are 3 other people I don’t know.”
“3 of them? Their names?”

“Nn…«Jyuushi X» and «Pale Rider», and…this «Sterben» guy,
right?”

Sinon stiffly read a few names, and I read through the names on
the window to check personally. Except for the «Jyuushi X», the other
names were written in the English alphabet. I closed my eyes and
repeated these three names a few times.
At this moment, Sinon looked half-shocked and half anxious as
she said to me.

“Oi, what’s going on? You’ve been asking the questions up till now,
and yet you haven’t explained anything to me.”
“Ahh… yeah…”

I used an ambiguous reply to buy time as my mind continued to
think.
The 3 names Sinon told me—

One of them should be the reason why I came to this world. He’s
related to the two mysterious deaths, and also a survivor of SAO who’s
affiliated to the red guild «Laughing Coffin»—the character commonly
known as «Death Gun».

59

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

The reason why I deduced this was because up till now, Death
Gun kept his real name rather privy. If possible, he would really want
to use «Death Gun» as a character name, but in that case, he’ll get lots
of spam e-mail, and will even cause lots of trouble. Also, if the real
character becomes overly famous, the rumor of the «Death Gun» he
would have painstakingly built up will disappear. Thus, he has to hide
his real name up till now, and Sinon definitely won’t know of this
person’s existence.

Now, the problem will be, which one of them is the real «Death
Gun»…
Just when I was pondering, a white slender hand entered my
vision. That hand was prodding at the surface of the table with the
thumb.

Looking up, I saw Sinon narrow her eyes as she glared me me.

“…I’m really going to be angry. What the heck are you doing? Is
this some strategy to make me angry and get me to make a mistake in
the finals?”
“No…that’s not it, I didn’t mean that…”

On feeling that sharp high-temperature flame-like stare, I bit my
lips tightly.

I really couldn’t decide immediately whether I should explain the
truth to her. I believe the rumor that ‘There’s a player in GGO who calls
himself «Death Gun» and has been shooting on streets and in bars, and
the players who were shot by him never logged in again’ would be
rather widespread, but there’s still no player who would believe that
they were killed. Of course, Sinon in front of me should be the same too.
60

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

To be honest, I didn’t really believe this completely. For a player
to fire bullets in a game to kill someone in real life—is completely
impossible no matter what reasoning Kikuoka and I used when we
discussed this a few days ago.

But right now, I can’t even laugh at Death Gun’s ability. If that guy
was really an important member of the old «Laughing Coffin», he’ll
definitely be one of the killer players who were enthusiastically taking
away the lives of many players in Aincrad. Maybe he developed a
certain way of killing that far surpassed Kikuoka and my own
imaginations during that terrifying experience. This possibility still
exists.
If I tell all I know to Sinon and also that the power of the Death
Gun may be real—you may die, you shouldn’t take part in the
tournament this time, will she listen me? No, absolutely not. That
image of Sinon as she showed me the side of her desperate face
because she nearly missed the registration after shopping with me.
This girl should have some important reason why she has to take part
in the BoB tournament…
The blue eyes that were glaring at this silent me—suddenly
softened.
Her light-colored lips said without moving too much,

“…Don’t tell me that the reason why your face suddenly became
weird during the preliminaries yesterday was also because of that?”
“Eh…”

Sinon and I exchanged looks, and for a moment, we couldn’t say
anything.
61

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

However, I forgot all my reasoning and thoughts as I nodded
away like I was prompted to. A teeny-weeny voice came from my own
mouth,

“…Ahhh…that’s right. Yesterday, I was suddenly called by
someone who used to play a similar VRMMO in the underground
dome…I thought that he would be taking part in the battle today. I’m
afraid that one of the three people was him…”
“Were you friends?”

I shook my head hard on hearing Sinon’s question, messing my
hair up in the process.

“No, quite the opposite…we’re enemies. Me, and him, we seriously
tried to kill each other before. But…I can’t remember that guy’s name
back then. I have to recall it. I want to meet this player in the finals…
find out why he is here, and what he is doing…”

After explaining till here, I realized that my words may have
confused Sinon. In a normal VRMMO game, even players in opposing
guilds are technically still rivals playing the same game. It’ll be too
much of an exaggeration to use the title «enemy».
However—

The sniper with the aqua blue hair didn’t laugh at my words, but
widened her small eyes, and then muttered with a weak voice that
system could barely identify.
“…You tried to kill each other…enemies…”

And then, she used the same soft volume to raise another
question that’s enough to pierce through my consciousness.
62

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

“…Is it because your play styles didn’t match, or your relationship
between each other worsened when you were in a party because of
some trouble? Or…”
On hearing till this, I shook my head in reflex.

“No, we were really betting our lives and trying to kill each other.
That guy…that guy’s guild did something unforgivable, and both sides
couldn’t come to a peaceful resolution. We had no choice but to settle
this with swords. I wasn’t regretful about doing this, but…”

I know this will only bother Sinon, but my mouth just couldn’t
stop. I grip the hands that were placed on the table, trying to look deep
into those blue eyes, and try to force out my voice from the dry throat.
“…But, I-I just continued to run away from the responsibility I
should have taken, and never had I thought about the meaning behind
this action. Until today, I was forcing myself to forget…but now, I can’t
continue to escape. I have to solve this problem head on.”

These words seemed to be said right back at myself. Of course,
Sinon shouldn’t be able to understand at all. The moment I shut my
mouth, Sinon looked down as well. The thought that she got a weirdo
here deep inside her heart should be even greater now, I think.

“…Sorry for such ridiculous words. Just pretend that you never
heard them. Anyway, it’s just my past grudge…”
I deliberately forced a smile and prepared to simplify things.
But Sinon muttered to interrupt my words.

“—’If your bullet can really kill a player in a real world, can you
squeeze the trigger without hesitation’.”
“…!”

63

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

I quickly gasped.

This was the question I asked from deep inside me to Sinon
during the tournament preliminaries finals yesterday. Actually, I still
don’t understand why I asked this, but at that moment, I did ask back
instantly, as fast as a spark, on hearing Sinon ask ‘how do I get to be as
strong as you’.

An attack in the virtual game world killed a player in the real
world. From the way nobody believed in the rumor of the «Death Gun»,
it’s likely that this is impossible in theory. However, this rule occurred
in the world that doesn’t exist now.

At this moment, I could only remain silent, and Sinon stared at my
eyes with a sharp gaze—and opened her small lips to say,
“You are…Kirito, perhaps you’re, from that game…”

This seemingly voiceless question immediately vanished as it
melted in the dry air of the bar. The wavering blue eyes looked down
before shaking silently.
“…Sorry, I shouldn’t be asking about this.”
“…No, it’s alright.”

I could only answer this with regards to this unexpected apology,
and we continued to look at each other under this tense silence.
I don’t intend to tell Sinon that I was an ex «Sword Art Online»
player, a «survivor of SAO». But if I don’t say so, she will never be able
to understand my explanation just now.

This Sinon should be able to understand the meaning of the word
«enemy» I used, and she would be able to understand the detailed
meaning of «killing each other».

64

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

I just waited silently for the girl to show that disgust and
annoyance in her eyes.
However—

Sinon didn’t look away, and she didn’t leave her seat. She leaned
forward and stared at me. The sapphire eyes of hers, for some reason,
seem to be giving some sort of…maybe a glint, a plea for help, or maybe
that’s just my imagination.

The next moment, Sinon closed her eyes tightly, and then bit her
lips tight.

I didn’t even have the time to be shocked as the tense atmosphere
between us disappeared. After exhaling deeply, the sniper girl gave an
obscure smile and whispered to me softly,
“…Well, it’s about time to head back to the waiting dome, or else
we won’t have time to check our equipment and warm-up.”
“Ah…ahh, that’s right.”

I nodded my head, and Sinon stood up. I looked at the simple
digital watch on my left wrist, and found that the time was soon going
to be 7pm. There’s still an hour before the finals tournament start.

As we arrived at the simple elevator at the corner of the huge bar,
Sinon pressed the down button, the metal gate let out a creaking sound
as it slides aside, and the elevator appeared. The moment we entered, I
was the one who pressed the bottom most button.

In this cramped space that’s had an imaginary descending feeling
and the sound of machinery, a soft voice rang.
“I know you have your own difficulties.”

65

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

Behind me, Sinon seemed to walk towards me, and there was
something pointing at the center of my back. That’s not a muzzle—but
a fingertip. She said with a slightly forceful tone.

“However, your promise with me is another thing altogether. I’ll
definitely return that humiliation during the final battle yesterday with
interest, so you must not let someone other than me shoot you down.”
“…I understand.”

I nodded my head slightly.

The biggest aim I had when I dived into GGO was to interact with
«Death Gun» and solve the mystery behind the murder, but this
incident now isn’t just about Kikuoka Seijirou’s request, but also
related to me. Thinking through it calmly, I should avoid this duel with
the scary sniper Sinon and achieve my aim.

But I met Sinon in this world, talked to her, and built a new
relationship in this battle. I really can’t ignore or belittle her actions.
That’s because, even in another virtual world, even if the thing
attached on my waist is a light saber without a physical blade, «Kirito»
is still a swordsman.
“…I’ll survive until the time I fight you.”

The moment I said this, the finger behind my back left my body,
and a soft voice rang again.
“Thanks.”

Before I could even ask why she said thanks, the elevator came to
a sudden halt. After the door opened, what immediately came in from
the front of the slightly dark elevator were the smell of iron and
smoke—the smell of battle came over at me and engulfed me.

66

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 9

67

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Chapter 10
Sinon sighed for a long while, and spent the same amount of time
trying to exhale the icy air out from her virtual lungs.

She slowly tried to adjust her breathing with her heartbeat, and
the green reticle of hers started to expand and shrink.

She looked right in the middle of the screen. A player was moving
through the bushes. He was holding a mini «Yatei» assault rifle, and
though other support weapons couldn’t be seen, there were all sorts of
abnormal lumps on him. Perhaps he lightened his rifle to the bare
minimum, and used hi-tech optical shielding and multi-layered armor
against live rounds to fill up the capacity. Also, he was wearing a
helmet with face shield, and looked just like a giant boar. His name was
called «Shishigane», and the stats showed that he was a defensive
player who focused on VIT. Although he took part in the last finals,
Sinon didn’t face him directly.

With a distance of more than 1,200m, even the anti-tank sniper
rifle «Ultima Ratio Hecate II» can’t give a fatal shot through that thick
armor. Of course, it’ll be different if she could hit twice consecutively,
but the enemy’s no slouch. Once he’s hit, he would definitely hide in the
shadows and not show up again. Until then, if she waits for him to
show up at that position, the other players who heard the first shot
would definitely gather over, and it’ll be a wave of machine gun fire
swarming around her like a beehive.
68

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

As Sinon was laying prone between the large rock and the shrubs,
the trigger in her finger was silently muttering,
“…Come over here.”

Once the distance between the target and her were within 800m,
she believed that she could break through the thinner part of the
armor, the face, and deal a larger amount of damage to eliminate this
player from the stage.

However, Sinon’s wishes didn’t come true as the guy turned away
and moved further away from her. He was careful enough to put heavy
armor on his back too, and it could be said to be that there were no
openings about him. It was a pity, but it seemed that the best choice
she had would be to give up on this prey and wait for the next enemy.
Just when Sinon was about to move her right eye away from the scope,
she found that there was a round thing on the guy’s right waist.

It was a large plasma grenade, two of them. Perhaps he was using
it as another means of protection as he didn’t have any support
weapons. However, in this game, those «cheap and effective tools»
would normally have some elements of danger to them. Sinon made
herself tense and narrowed her eye that was on the scope.
She moved the scope down from the guy’s back to the bottom
right area, and finally aimed the crosshair at the shaking metal ball.
Inhale, exhale. She inhaled—and stopped.

As the screen of success removed all random thoughts, her body
and the hand on the sniper rifle would fuse into one for a moment, and
pinpoint into a fine circle. The girl naturally squeezed the trigger.

Then, there was an impact rushing through her body. Her eyes
were immediately dyed white because of the sparks released by the

69

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

muzzle. However, Sinon’s vision immediately recovered as she looked
through the scope, and through the vision that retained its color, she
could see a grenade on the right waist of the man go ‘bam’, and she
turned her face away from the gun.
“Bingo.”

As she muttered, a blue explosion occured in the middle of the hill
far away, and all the neighboring trees collapsed. A few seconds later,
the sound of a thunderclap came over, and she didn’t need to check to
know that the guy’s HP was reduced to zero.

At this moment, Sinon stood up, straightened her legs and carried
her Hecate. As the gunshot and the muzzle spark revealed her position,
the next few minutes after a snipe would be the most dangerous
moment for a sniper. She quickly scanned around and then decided on
the route she would take.
This path had shrubs all around, so she wouldn’t be discovered
easily. Also, the nearby enemies should be attracted to the large
explosion of the boar guy. However, despite knowing this, Sinon didn’t
stop as she continued to run for more than a minute before kneeling at
the base of a large dead tree before heaving a sigh. As she looked up,
she could see through the gaps between the thick layers of clouds, the
bloody red sun that was setting to the west.

It’s been about 30 minutes ever since the Bullet of Bullets
tournament finals started.

That boar guy just now was the second one Sinon sniped and
eliminated, but the participants can’t tell how many survivors were
there until the satellite did its per-15-minute scan. The girl took out the
thin «Satellite Scanner», activated it to show the map of the entire area
and silently waited for the intel to refresh itself.

70

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

The time on the left of the screen indicated that the time in the
real world was 8:30pm, and the highly detailed map showed numerous
blinking lights. There were 21 of them, and in other words, 9 people
had been eliminated. Sinon continued to stare at the screen as she tried
to check the current scenario.

The place that became the stage of this tournament was a 10km
wide isolated circular island. The north of the island was a desert, and
the south was all forests and hills. Also, there was an abandoned town
located in the middle of the island. Right now, Sinon was located at the
southern-most hills. Moving on slightly north, there was a river flowing
through, separating the hills from the forests.
Right now, there were 3 spots of lights within 1km radius. Sinon
used her fingertip to tap the names on the lights. The nearest was
«Dyne», who was moving northeast 600m away. Slightly further east
was «Pale Rider» who was chasing «Dyne». And finally, the last point of
light which was 800m from there in the rocky hills, remaining
completely still was «Lion King Richie».
Richie’s equipped with the hi-firepower heavy machine gun
«Vickers». Perhaps he wanted to occupy the highest point in this area
and sweep any players that got near him. He used the same strategy
during the last tournament, and had to withdraw as he ran out of
bullets. However, he should have a counter strategy now. Either way,
she could leave this enemy that wasn’t moving alone.

The problem was the lights points of «Dyne», who seemed to be
running for his life, and «Pale Rider», who was chasing after him. Dyne
wasn’t just the leader of the squadron Sinon belonged to, but also a
veteran who made it into the finals of the BoB 3 times. He had an
assault rifle «SG550» with him, and specialized in mid-ranged combat.
71

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

This person wasn’t really worth respecting in terms of character, but
he wasn’t an enemy that’s to be underestimated.

And as for the Pale Rider, who chased Dyne, was one not to be
taken lightly, to be honest, Sinon never met him before, and of course,
never fought against him. Was he really that strong? Was it that the
weapon suited the landscape? Just when Sinon felt suspicious, the
satellite in the sky seemed to be gone, and all the lights that were on
the map were flickering. The Intel would disappear in about another
10 seconds.

Sinon raised her hand in reflex, ready to count the 18 dots that
were far away. But just when her index finger was about to touch the
screen, that hand clenched into a fist. That’s because she noticed that
she was looking for a certain special name.
“…Why should I even bother, with a guy like that.”

Sinon muttered softly. There was no need for her to worry about
that kind of guy—whether that despicable light saber user «Kirito»
was alive or not. Right now, she should focus on the prey that’s
entering the Hecate’s range. If Kirito entered the range, she should just
aim, fire and end his life immediately without any feelings.
The flickering lights finally disappeared silently. Sinon placed the
terminal back into her pouch and again ran through the forest.
Below her was a gradual hill, and opposite it was a lush forest.
Right now, Dyne and Pale Rider were in a deep part of the forest,
moving from Sinon’s right to her left. Both of them should be aiming
for the river that split the area in half and the bridge that spreads
across the river. The cautious Dyne must be trying to avoid a high risk
forest battle and chose to fight on a bridge where the range of vision
was great to take on the pursuing Pale Rider.

72

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Sinon was closer to the bridge than them. If she ran off now, she
should be able to reach a sniping position first. She wanted to watch
their battle from there and snipe the victor once his guard is down.
Readying the Hecate on her right shoulder, Sinon lowered her
body and ran through the forest again.

The girl managed to pass through the red tea-colored hilly region
safely, and a deep red band of reflected light swooped into Sinon’s
vision, as she swooped under the final bush there.

It was a river. Flowing out from the southern hills, it grandly
snaked its way through the middle of the entire map as it headed
towards the north before disappearing into her clouded view of the
distant ruins of that abandoned city, far away.

On the opposite side of the river was a forest that had lots of old
trees, and slightly below the trees, she could see a meandering rocky
path. The path reached the river 200m north of where Sinon was
sneaking, and links to a simple metal bridge. At this moment, those two
players should be running down the path—

Her intuition seemed to be correct since, a figure came running
out from the shadows of the large old trees that’s growing on the way
between the path and the metal bridge. Sinon hurriedly readied the
Hecate on the floor and brought her eyes over before she even lined
her eyes on the rip-up cover of the scope.
That body was wearing a woodland patterned clothing, and his
chin could be seen from below his helmet. Also, the SIG assault rifle
confirmed that this was Dyne. He ran smoothly down the path like a
veteran, and after leaving the forest for a few seconds. He quickly ran
50m down the metal bridge, over to the side where Sinon was hiding
and immediately got down on the floor, proning.

73

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“…I see”

Sinon muttered with some respect. In this situation, he could
attack the enemy who wants to ran across the metal bridge. However,
he was still too careless. To an enemy who may be hiding on the
riverside, he showed his back in a completely defenseless manner.
“You have to watch your back no matter when it is, Dyne.”

Sinon muttered as the crosshairs lined itself and caught that
somewhat rough-looking face. Now she could take direct action
without even waiting for Dyne and Pale Rider to fight. Though Pale
Rider would notice Sinon’s existence, he had to cross the bridge if he
wanted to force his way. Sinon was only 200m away from the metal
bridge, and even if the enemy ran with all he got, she had the
confidence that it’ll be a sure-kill hit.

—Of course, I’ll just be sorry to those who were watching live from
the gallery.

Sinon thought as she silently placed her finger on the Hecate’s
trigger, but at the next moment…
There was an icy chill behind her.

There was also someone behind her.

—Idiot! I forgot to watch my back because I was focused on sniping!
As Sinon was screaming this in her head, she quickly moved her
right hand away from the Hecate. She turned 180 degrees like her body
was a spring and used her left hand to pull out her support weapon,
the «MP7» sub-machine gun. While doing all that, her mind lets out
flashes of interrupted thoughts.
74

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

—But how could there be anyone behind me? There was only Lion
King Richie when I checked the «Satellite Scanner» a few minutes ago,
wasn’t it? That guy can’t have possibly ran down the mountain. And I
can’t possibly not notice the enemy’s footsteps if he ran in with a heavy
machine gun. Speaking of which, it’s practically impossible for any enemy
other than Richie to get behind me in such a short time. What’s going
on—who is it—
Even though she was really surprised, Sinon reached the MP7
right behind her, and placed the black muzzle right in front of her. Of
course, she wasn’t paying that much attention to things; she couldn’t
believe that someone gotten the jump on her.

Right now, she couldn’t dodge this assault. They would soon use
up all their bullets in their magazines to reduce each other’s HP—Sinon
got ready to squeeze the trigger after preparing herself for this.

But just when she was about to pull the trigger and fire the
bullet…

The attacker muttered softly as he raised his right hand, looking
like he wanted to stop Sinon,
“Wait!”

“Uehh…!?”

Sinon widened her eyes and turned to look from the muzzle to the
enemy’s face.
She immediately saw that long waist-length glamorous black hair,
and the white tender skin even when under the sunset, and the long
narrow eyes that were sparkling.

75

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Her arch-enemy Kirito seemed to be half-sprawled on Sinon,
wielding the FiveSeven pistol with his left hand and aiming at her.

After realizing the current situation, Sinon’s heart had several
feelings combining together to form a flame. She forgot the muzzle in
front of her eyes and subconsciously gritted her teeth, giving a
malicious look and intending to fire the MP7 in her left hand.

But Kirito again said with a cool voice that made Sinon stop
exerting the force on her fingers.
“Hold on. I have a proposal.”

“…What’s there to propose in this situation…”

Sinon argued back with a soft voice that was filled with killing
intent.
“What’s there to propose and compromise in this situation!?
We’re only waiting to see who dies first!”
“I could have shot first if I wanted to shoot!”

Kirito’s words were abnormally tense, causing Sinon to shut up. It
felt that there was something more troubling to him than this faceoff at
gunpoint.

And though she wasn’t happy about it, what Kirito said was right.
If he could get near easily, he could have back-stabbed her by firing
bullets or using the lightsaber.
“…”

Facing Sinon, who was forced to remain silent, Kirito again
continued to speak softly,
76

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“I don’t want us to attack each other here and let the other two
hear gunshots.”

Kirito’s eyes immediately turned to look behind Sinon, at the
metal bridge where another battle was about to begin.
“Uehh…? What do you mean…”

“I want to watch that battle on the bridge until they decide the
winner. Before that, please don’t take action.”

“…Watch? And what do you intend to do after that? Are you going
to say something stupid like, let’s start attacking each other after that?”

“We have to watch the situation…but I should be leaving then, so I
won’t attack you.”
“But I may snipe you from behind, you know?”

“That can’t be helped. Please understand. It’s starting!”

As Kirito anxiously turned to look at the metal bridge, he actually
put the FiveSeven in his left hand down. Even though the enemy was
pointing the submachine-gun right in the middle of his forehead, he
still placed the handgun back into his holster.

Though she was angry, Sinon felt that it couldn’t be helped, and
her shoulders relaxed just like that.

If she exerted a little more force on the finger that’s on the trigger,
the 24 4.6mm MP7 bullets could shoot out all of Kirito’s HP. However,
Sinon had already viewed Kirito as her biggest enemy, so she was
really unwilling to end her fight against him in such a half-effort
manner.
If it’s Kirito, maybe he can dodge the Hecate’s snipe without even a
trajectory, Sinon had already planned for this and thought of all the

77

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

ways she could use to fight him head on. If they had to fight, of course
she would hope for Kirito and herself to be the last two standing
amongst the 30 players and then fight an intense deathmatch that
would use all their heart and soul.
“…Will you fight me properly if we do this over?”

“Yeah.”

Kirito nodded his head, and Sinon puts down her submachine gun
after watching his eyes for half a second. She knew that it wouldn’t be
likely, but to prevent Kirito from suddenly attacking her, she still didn’t
move her finger away from the trigger. However, Kirito himself
immediately relaxed his entire body and proned himself in the bush
beside Sinon. He took out mini-binoculars from his belt pouch and
started watching this battle.
This attitude of not even paying attention to consider her a
potential threat at all made her angry and reluctant at the same time.
Why must this guy watch someone else fight? Speaking of which, when
did he appear? There wasn’t Kirito’s name within 1km around her
when she checked the «Satellite Scanner» a few minutes ago.

However, Sinon still swallowed her doubts back in and placed the
MP7 on her left waist. She then carried the Hecate with both hands and
used the scope to watch the two people who were fighting.

On the long metal bridge, Sinon could still see Dyne in a prone
position near her. The SG550 that was stuck on his face wasn’t moving
at all, and this uninterrupted concentration of his showed that he
wasn’t someone to be underestimated. Of course, the Pale Rider who
forced Dyne into such a tough situation couldn’t possibly appear easily
from the forest across from him.

78

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“…The battle you’re so looking forward to may not happen.”

Sinon muttered at Kirito, who was beside her, in a mocking
manner.

“Dyne won’t remain proned there forever. Once that guy gets
ready to move, I’ll snipe him first.”
“In that case, you can take action…no, hang on.”

Kirito’s answer was tense out of a sudden. Sinon moved her eye
away from the scope on reflex and turned to look at the metal bridge
with her naked eyes.

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared from the path that’s
deep within the thick forest.

It was a tall and skinny player, wearing mysterious blue and
white camouflage clothing. Since he had a black helmet on, they
couldn’t see his face. That person was armed with only the light
«ArmaLite AR 17» shotgun. This guy should be—no, he’s definitely the
«Pale Rider» who was chasing Dyne.

Dyne, who was lying on the other side of the bridge, immediately
went tense on this shoulders, and this abnormal atmosphere spread to
Sinon who was far away. In contrast, she couldn’t feel any pressure
from Pale Rider’s standing position. He didn’t seem to be scared of that
SIG in Dyne’s hands as he merely crossed the bridge easily.
“…That guy’s strong…”

Sinon couldn’t help but say that, and beside her, Kirito suddenly
moved his body slightly. Sinon glanced at him for a while and found
that the side-face that looked just like a girl was giving of a very tense
presence. In other words, Kirito was watching that Pale Rider? Even

79

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

though it was Sinon’s first time seeing this certain player’s name and
appearance, his actions showed that he did possess a certain amount of
ability.

Thus GGO had the «Bullet Line» assist prediction ability that that
couldn’t be possible in real life, it’s not easy getting near an enemy with
a fully-automatic machine gun. Normally speaking, there would be an
obstacle for the person to hide behind to run from one cover to
another cover, using the lateral movements to close in on the enemy.

However, Pale Rider merely stepped onto the metal bridge in a
defenseless manner casually. There was nothing, no landscape or
objects to block the bullets. Even Dyne, who escaped to create this
situation could only remain prone on the floor, and a slight doubt could
be seen on his back.
However, Dyne was a leader of a squadron for quite some time, so
his experience made him abandon his inner doubt. A second later, his
SG550 assault rifle fired with the sturdy sound that fit a Swiss machine,
and immediately spread throughout the river surface.

However, Pale Rider himself dodged those numerous 5.5mm
bullets that were fired over in a manner Sinon didn’t expect. He
actually ran to a cable that was supporting the bridge and used the left
hand to climb up. Dyne hurriedly tried to aim the gun at him, but it’s
tough for a person in a prone position to aim at an enemy above; as he
missed the second shooting, Pale Rider himself used the recoil of the
ropes to jump onto the bridge at a position that’s rather near Dyne.
“A STR type, using light equipment and boasting 3-dimensional
mobility…his skills’ points are rather high too.”

As Sinon muttered, Dyne got up to show that he wouldn’t be
tricked a second time and squeezed the trigger for the third time.

80

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

However, this attack of his was anticipated by Pale Rider. Thus there
was a little gap in the firing line and the ground, that blue and white
profile immediately rushed in without falling by using his left hand to
support the ground and doing a barrel roll forward. He was only 20cm
away from Dyne when he got up.
“Damn you…!”

Dyne let out the familiar cursing and tried to quickly change the
30-bullet magazine that was empty. However…
The ArmaLite in Pale Rider’s right hand let out a silent flash.

Under such a distance, the bullets of a shotgun couldn’t miss
completely. Dyne immediately fell backwards as the special effects
lighting spread all over him. But remarkably, he didn’t stop as he
reloaded and got ready to put his gun at this face—however, there was
a second gunshot.
Pale Rider again got near and shot for the second time to cause
Dyne to lose his balance. This was the terrifying part about this
weapon called the shotgun; It causes a high delay beside ordinary
damage, allowing people to be continuously attacked helplessly.

—There was no need to bring the SIG to the face, as the muzzle
flash that’s aimed while holding from the waist would be extremely
powerful.

However, Sinon’s thoughts couldn’t spread to Dyne’s brain, and it
was too late. Pale Rider continued to close in and slowly reloaded the
AR17 before squeezing the trigger right in front of Dyne for the 3rd
time. The 12 gauge shell exploded, releasing a rain of bullets and
bringing Dyne’s remaining HP to zero.
81

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Dyne, who was on the floor lifelessly, had the large word [Dead]
in red on him as it slowly spun. Now he’s eliminated from the finals. He
wouldn’t be able to log out during this time as it was to prevent players
from exchanging information in the real world. This «corpse» could
only watch the live broadcast in his conscious state until the match
ends.
“That blue guy’s really amazing…”

Beside her, Kirito said with a soft voice. Sinon was subconsciously
about to nod her head in response, and immediately pricked her
eyebrows on hearing what he said next,
“…Is that guy…one of the guys we talked about on the list…?”

Sinon felt extremely suspicious, but immediately remembered
that «Pale Rider» was one of the three numbers Kirito was worried
about. In other words, Pale Rider could be that target, both of them
tried to kill each other in that VRMMO game Kirito played before, and
that game’s name was—no, maybe it’s that one that became infamous…
At this moment, Sinon forced herself to stop thinking.

Kirito should have his own problems too, but those were his own
problems. Nobody else had a way, not should they bear responsibility
for it.

Sinon seemed like she wanted to shake off this little doubt and
turned off the safe of the Hecate before saying softly and simply,
“I’m going to snipe that guy.”

Without waiting for Kirito’s response, she placed her finger on the
trigger. After Pale Rider eliminated Dyne with an exciting attack, he left
the bridge and was ready to head north. Sinon’s crosshair immediately

82

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

caught sight of his skinny back, and considered the wind direction and
distance before readying herself.
At this moment, Kirito finally answered with a hoarse voice,

“Ahh…I understand. But, if he’s that guy…”

—So what if it’s that guy? You’re telling me that in less than 300m
with his back turned, he could dodge my sniping specialty the «first shot
without a bullet line»?
“…Stop joking around.”

Sinon merely moved her lips to answer Kirito and fired the
trigger without hesitation—
But at this moment…

Sinon saw an unbelievable sight in her scope.

A little bullet exited the right shoulder of Pale Rider’s blue and
white camouflage, and this tall and skinny guy was knocked to the right
like he was knocked aside from the bullet that hit him.
““Ahh…!”“

Sinon and Kirito, who was watching the scene with his binoculars
from the left, shouted out at the same time.

Though surprised, Sinon still focused on her hearing instinctively.
Of course, this was to check the gunshot that sniped Pale Rider, where
it came from and the sound quality. However…

No matter how Sinon pricked her ears, all she could hear was the
dry wind and the water flowing in the river.
“…Did I miss it…?”

83

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Sinon muttered, and Kirito, who seemed to be thinking about that,
silently responded,
“No, I didn’t hear anything as well. What’s going on…?”

“The only thing I can think of…is that it was a laser rifle that lets
out a very soft sound…or a live weapon with a suppressor. However…”
“Wh..what?…?”

Sinon glanced aside and stared at the puzzled Kirito, thinking how
much stuff must she teach him and started explaining.
“It’s a muffler. An equipment that’s placed in front of a gunbarrel
to suppress the sound of gunfire.”
“So, so it’s a silencer…”

“You can call that. Anyway, a sniper rifle that’s equipped with this
can suppress the sound of gunfire to a certain extent. But this thing will
affect accuracy, shooting range, and is rather expensive.”
“I see…”

Kirito nodded his head as his eyes glanced slightly at the tip of
Sinon’s Hecate II. The front of the gunbarrel was merely a muzzle
brake, and even an amateur like Kirito knew that that wasn’t a
suppressor. Sinon added on before the other party wanted to say
something,

“This wasn’t to save money, but because those things don’t fit my
style.”
Fuun.

She snorted and again looked through the scope. Pale Rider, who
collapsed on the floor, didn’t look like he was about to get up, but that

84

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

wasn’t a fatal blow. If it was, there would be a red ‘dead’ tag on him
that’s like Dyne, who was slightly far away from him. He’s alive, so why
didn’t he run away or fight back—

Also, there were other doubts as well. 10 minutes ago, on the map
of the «Satellite Scan», Sinon checked that there wasn’t anyone else
within 1km. In other words, the mysterious sniper shot Pale Rider
from a rather far distance. But in that case, the enemy would be using a
rather large caliber to snipe him. In GGO, the larger the gunbarrel, the
weaker the effect of the suppressor, and the accuracy and shooting
range would be even more affected. However, there was no gunshot
heard just now, and she couldn’t understand why.
As she was thinking, Sinon suddenly remembered that she was
wondering about the same thing about that player who was right
beside her, and felt that it was time to ask this. She turned around and
said softly,

“…Speaking of which, Kirito, where did you appear from? You
weren’t around these hills 10 minutes ago on the satellite scan.”

“Eh…? I was tailing that guy Pale Rider from about 500m away, so
it should show up on the screen…no, ahh, I got it.”
“What is it?”

“Speaking of which, I should have been wading in the river 10
minutes ago. Maybe it’s because I was hiding underwater that the
satellite didn’t discover me…”
—YOU, YOU SWAM THROUGH THE RIVER!?

Sinon tried her best to hold back her voice, and didn’t shout out.
85

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

It’s known that the rivers and lakes in this game weren’t some
forbidden zone, and they won’t die if they dropped inside. However,
the HP will continue to drop in the water, and the player won’t be able
to swim at will due to the weight of the equipment on the body. It’s
practically impossible for any player to swim over that wide river
except for those frogmen-type players with the breathing equipment.
“How, how did you do that…?”

After she finally raised this question with much difficulty, Kirito
himself simply shrugged his shoulder and answered,

“Of course I removed all my equipment for the time being. All
VRMMO that uses the specs of «The Seed» can remove their equipment
in their personal window back into the item box. There’s no need to
carry it, right?”
“…”

Perhaps this would be a suitable example to describe someone
who was so shocked that she couldn’t make a response. Forget about
swimming, the boldness of even removing all the weapons and armor
in the middle of a battlefield was extremely unbelievable.

“…People would definitely be happy to see your character in
underwear like that.”
“Arre, isn’t the live telecast only showing the battle scenes?”

Seeing Kirito give that don-try-and-fool-me line, Sinon merely
snorted coldly and answered,

“…Anyway, so the «Satellite Scanner» can’t catch people who are
underwater. I’ll remember that. But, the Pale Rider you swam through
86

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

the river just to trail was strong, but not some outstanding player. He’s
unable to get up after getting hit by a bullet, looks like he’s…”

Just when Sinon was about to say ‘not going to survive’, she was
interrupted by Kirito, who again raised his binoculars.
“No…I don’t think he was so scared that he was unable to get
up…look at him, isn’t there some strange light effect on his avatar…?”
“Eh…”

Sinon hurriedly increased the range of her scope. Though it was
hard to tell as the sunset was too strong, the blue and white
camouflage of the Pale Rider did have blueish-sparks all over him.
Sinon did see that effect before, and that was—
“An…an electric stun bullet…!?”
“Wha, what’s that?”

“Like the name, it’s a unique bullet that would cause high voltage
of electricity once it hits a target. But it needs a rather large caliber rifle
to load it, and even a single bullet’s very expensive, so they’re barely
ever used in PvP. That’s a bullet that’s used when a party hunts a large
Mob”

In fact, as Sinon was explaining, the sparks that immobilized Pale
Rider started to turn pale. A few more seconds, and the effect would
disappear. His HP shouldn’t wear down because of that, but now she
really didn’t know why the enemy would do such a difficult snipe—
“—!”

Sinon couldn’t tell whether that little tremor was from her or
from Kirito beside her.
87

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

200m north from where both of them were hidden was that large
metal bridge that extends to both east and west. On the west side of the
bridge was Dyne, who was dead. Pale Rider was knocked down by a
stun bullet that came from the forest on the east side, and was now 5m
north from him. However, he was about ready to get up.
Right between the bodies of Pale Rider and Dyne, a black profile came
out from a shadow of a supporting metal pillar.

On first glance, that didn’t look like a person (player). The avatar
was completely covered with a mysterious presence. After trying her
best to look at it, Sinon finally understood the reason why she couldn’t
see him. That person was covered with a grey hooded mantle, and that
hood was fluttering irregularly like some little thin material because of
the wind. That was a Gille Suit a sniper wears. No, it should be called a
«Gille Mantle». But—
“…Since when was he waiting there…”

Sinon subconsciously muttered. That mantle guy should be the
one who shot Pale Rider. However, since when did he move out of the
forest and cross the bridge? Even if he had a Gille Mantle that had
outstanding camouflage ability, he would definitely be discovered if he
moved on the metal bridge without anyone noticing. Or did he swim
through the river like Kirito? But if that happened, she definitely never
saw him summon a window and control his equipped figure.

But at the next moment, the next stunning revelation that shook
all of Sinon’s doubts aside occurred.

The tattered mantle moved forward, and then revealed the main
weapon that was hidden under the body in his right hand.
88

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“—«Silent Assasin».”

She let out a panting like voice.

It was a large sniper rifle that was about as long as the Hecate.
Though the gun itself was slimmer than the Hecate, the several bolt
holes that passes through the mechanisms, the highly-advanced grip
that had a thumb handle and the dark-grey gun body that was polished
all gave a bone-chilling feeling. However, the most unique specialty
about it was the large suppressor that’s attached to the tip of the gun
barrel. No, it wasn’t right to call it installed, but rather, it was a sniper
rifle that was designed with the intention to use the suppressor.
Its actual name was «Accuracy International L115A3», and it
used .338 inch Lapua Magnum bullets. Though the firepower was far
inferior to the .50BMG the Hecate II, but the L115 wasn’t an anti-tank
sniper gun. One can tell from the fact that this was originally equipped
with a silencer that it was created to snipe humans. As the largest
range was more than 2,000m, those who were shot by the bullet
couldn’t see the shooter, and couldn’t hear the gunshot before dying.
Thus, people gave it a nickname—the «Silent Assassin».
Sinon did hear of this terrifying sniper gun in GGO, but she had
never actually seen it before. Speaking of which, she never heard of a
sniper who could work on his own other than herself. However, that
tattered mantle was able to shoot from deep within the forest across
the river and shoot Pale Rider. It’s impossible to accomplish such a
shot without enough skill, concentration, control and heartbeat.
—Who is that guy?

Sinon instinctively checked the watch on her left hand. It’s now
8.40pm. There’s still 5 minutes before the third «Satellite Scan», and in
this situation, things just feel extremely long.

89

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

The mysterious mantle in her scope gave a deathly presence as he
strapped the L115 on his right shoulder. Sinon widened her eyes to see
if there was any tag or affiliated squadron, but there wasn’t anything
out of the ordinary other than the muzzle and the dark-grey hood. As
Sinon watched on, the tattered mantle seemed to glide as he walked
towards the Pale Rider who fell onto the floor.

Pale Rider, who was able to take down Dyne seemingly without a
scratch, was a player who did give off a strong presence. Sinon never
heard of his name before, but in the north mainland that was far away,
he should be famous like that «Behemoth» who used that minigun.
However, when seeing both of them like this, the existence of the
tattered mantle was more shocking. When she got her Hecate for the
first time, Sinon once took down a large boss monster-like monster
alone, and the tattered mantle gave Sinon the chills that was larger that
monster—no, it gave more chills than that monster.
But as she realized the ability of the tattered mantle, Sinon had a
question she just couldn’t understand.

Even though he had such a rare gun and highly-skilled sniper
technique, why did he use a stun bullet instead of real bullets? Pale
Rider was lightly equipped, so a .338 Laqua should have a chance to kill
him if it was the head or the heart. However, this tactic is
understandable if he wanted to numb someone before sniping
someone more accurately. However, the tattered mantle player
showed up from the forest away shooting the first stun bullet and
walked towards Pale Rider which had lots of HP, revealing his own
position. Wouldn’t that highly difficult snipe be completely
meaningless.
The anxiety that came with being unable to predict the enemy’s
intent made Sinon bite her lips.

90

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

91

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Speaking of which, Kirito, who was beside her, went quiet. Even
though Sinon wanted to check the situation with him, she hesitated
over whether she should turn her eyes away from the tattered mantle,
and could only look through the scope of the Hecate.

The tattered mantle guy moved in front of Pale Rider and reached
his right hand into the hood while carrying the L115. Is he going to
finish off with his support weapon? Sinon thought. Even a mini-assault
rifle can wear Pale Rider’s HP to zero at such a close range—
“…Eh…”

But Sinon again lets out a shocked voice.

What the mantle took out was a handgun. As the shadows caused
by the sunset were too great and that it was immediately covered by
the body, Sinon couldn’t tell what sort of gun it was, but the silhouette
was enough to indicate that it was an ordinary automatic pistol.

A shot from a handgun wouldn’t cause less damage than an
assault rifle, but even after pressing the trigger for consecutive times, it
couldn’t fire automatically, and will need lots of time before it can
deplete an enemy’s HP. Right now, Pale Rider was lying on the floor,
and was about to recover from his numbness. Once he could move, he’ll
definitely fire the shotgun in his right hand. At that time, the one who
would be dead would be this tattered mantle.

Even so, this mysterious player was just standing there, waiting
for the night wind to blow his Gille mantle. There wasn’t any sense of
anxiety or wavering in him. He continued to point his right hand at
Pale Rider, who was lying on the floor, and then raised his hand out
from the mantle. That hand wasn’t holding anything. It’s unknown
what the mantle guy was about to do as he placed his left finger on the

92

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

forehead of his hood. Then, he moved to the chest, and finally, left and
right.

This action was the so-called Cross-sign—was he planning to
pray for an enemy who’s about to be dead? But he shouldn’t have much
time left to this this. Does he think that he could dodge the shotgun at
such a close distance? Or rather, was he a cocky person who just got
lucky in getting a rare gun…?
The unnecessary questions made Sinon bite her lips anxiously.
Suddenly, a soft voice came in to her left ear.
“…Hurry up and fire, Sinon.”

It was Kirito’s voice. This short sentence had a sense of urgency
she never felt before. Sinon couldn’t help but ask,
“Eh? Shoot who?”

“Shoot that mantle guy!! Please, just shoot! Shoot before that guy
takes action!!”

That abnormally anxious voice actually caused Sinon to exert
force on her right index finger which was on the trigger of the Hecate.
Sinon would normally grumble about it, but right now, she aimed her
crosshair on the back of that mantle. She predicted the wind direction
and humidity through the surrounding dust effect and slightly adjusted
her angle. As she exerted force on the finger that’s on the trigger, the
green bullet trajectory immediately covered the enemy.

Logically, Sinon should wait for the winner to be decided between
both of them. If she attacked the mantle down, the Pale Rider will
recover from his numbness and definitely escape into the bushes on
the left, and Sinon wouldn’t have the chance to snipe him.
93

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

But even after knowing that, Sinon didn’t release the strength
that’s exerted on the finger. For some reason, she had a feeling that she
had to hit no matter what. She stopped her breathing, letting the
imaginary cold air stop in her chest. That icy feeling could make her
heart calm down. *Bekun*…*bekun*…just when the reticle shrank and
the pulse moved as it gathered in a small circle—
A gunshot.

The large muzzled brake let out a large flame that looked like a
fire dragon.

There was only 300m between her and the target, so she couldn’t
miss. Sinon could even see an illusion where that avatar had a large
hole there.
—However,

In fact, the moment Sinon squeezed the trigger, the upper body of
the mantle player bent backwards like a phantom that didn’t
materialize. The sure-kill bullet grazed past his chest and opened a
huge hole further away.
“Wha…”

Sinon was unable to say anything and had a uncertain feeling. She
found that he turned his head towards her location, and faced her from
deep under the mantle. That heinous face did give a smile, and Sinon
subconsciously gasped.
“Tha…that guy, he knew that we were here…right from the
beginning…”
“How is it possible…! He never looked at us once before!”

94

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

On hearing Kirito’s similarly shocked voice, Sinon shook her head
slightly and said,
“It’s impossible to dodge this without seeing the bullet line. In
other words, he started noticing me from a certain time and checked
through the system…”

As she said this, her right hand automatically loaded the next
round into the Hecate. Sinon again got ready to snipe, but started to
hesitate. Facing this enemy who had such a response speed, there’s a
99% chance that this bullet line will be dodged. She could fire all the 4
bullets in her magazine, but if she used them all, it’ll be easy for the
enemy to counterattack. What should I do…what should I do.

The mantle guy brought his body back forward as if he saw
Sinon’s short hesitation.

He again lined the automatic pistol in his right hand at Pale Rider,
and flicked the hammer with his thumb. His left hand was supporting
beside the grip, and then he calmly squeezed the trigger.
A flash appeared. After a few seconds, Sinon could hear a dry
gunshot in her ears.
“Ahh…!”

Kirito groaned, seemingly afraid of something.

Of course, the bullet hit the center of Pale Rider. It was a physical
damage, but anyone in this world wouldn’t be dead from a 9mm bullet
round immediately no matter which part he’s hit in. Also, Pale Rider
should have at least 90% of his HP. But for some reason, the mantle
guy stopped attacking. He just kept his hands on his gun and stood
there. He knew that Sinon was aiming at him, but never had the
95

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

intention to look for cover. He probably had the belief that he could
dodge any bullet.
1 second, 2 seconds, 3 seconds—

At that moment, the stun bullet effect that immobilized Pale Rider
finally vanished.
The guy who was dressed in the blue and white camouflage suit
then jumped up and quickly raised that AR17 shotgun with
breathtaking speed and placed it at the chest of the mantle guy. That
was definitely zero distance, and all the pellets could enter the heart of
the mantle guy. Its power was different from a handgun, and the
mantle guy could be killed in one hit.
Sinon and Kirito, that was laying beside her, and the audience in
the entire GGO world and real world who were watching this live
telecast should be watching this with their eyes widened.
The counterattack gunshot—was never heard.

What replaced it was the slight sound of a heavy object landing. It
was the AR17 in Pale Rider’s right hand dropping on the deep teacolored sandy ground.
Then, Pale Rider knelt down like his joints were destroyed like a
puppet and tilted right slowly before lying completely on the floor.

From Sinon’s position, she could see the lips under the helmet of
Pale Rider. He opened his mouth, seemingly making a silent cry and
also looked like he was desperately gasping for air.

He suddenly raised his left hand in a rather weak motion,
grabbing the center of his chest. And at the next moment—

96

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

The body that was wearing blue and white camouflage seemed to
be surrounded by light that looked like static and suddenly
disappeared.

Finally, what was left of him was a little line of light displaying
[DISCONNECTION], but soon it faded into the sunset and
disappeared.”…What, was that?”

A few seconds later, Sinon finally managed to say these words.

The mantle player merely fired a handgun at Pale Rider. At this
moment, Pale Rider should have some HP left. Then, Pale Rider was
released from his stunned state and got ready to fight back with the
shotgun. But just when he was about to fire, the circuits went faulty
unfortunately, kicking him out from the game.

If there was a need to explain what just happened before her eyes,
this would be the most logical explanation.

But how did it end up disconnected with such perfect timing? And,
more than being lucky, that mantle guy who nearly got a huge reversal
seemed to know that this disconnection would happen. No, rather than
that—
It felt like he was able to kick Pale Rider out from the game
through his own will.

That was impossible. It’s impossible to interference with other
players network connection from within the game.

However, the mantle guy didn’t seem to be shocked by Pale
Rider’s disappearance at all as he merely kept his left hand back into
the mantle. Then, he again raised the handgun in his right hand and
pointed it to a certain point. Sinon immediately knew what that was.
That was the video camera that was showing the live broadcast of the

97

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

tournament. The tournament set up a light-colored thing in the sky to
show the player that he was being filmed. In other words, that was a
declaration of victory to all the audience. However, what was he
declaring? Just now, the battle he had with pale Rider was a forfeit
because of a network failure, so it wasn’t a manner that’s worth
bragging. Or—was the disappearance just now the real victory to the
mantle guy? In other words…
“That guy…can disconnect the other players from the server…?”

Sinon muttered with a hoarse voice.

And beside her, Kirito seemed to be daydreaming as he answered,
“Wrong…that’s not it. It’s not just an ordinary power.”

“What’s ordinary? That’s a huge problem! How can he use such a
cheating method? What is the operating company Zasukaa doing…”
“WRONG!”

Kirito suddenly grabbed Sinon’s left shoulder tightly. Sinon
wanted to shake him off instinctively, but the following words made
the girl freeze.

“That guy didn’t kick the player out from the server. He killed him.
That Pale Rider just now…that real life player controlling Pale Rider is
dead!!”
“…You…”

What are you saying?
Sinon was about to say that, but what Kirito said next made Sinon
swallow her words again.
“So I’m right. That guy…that guy’s «Death gun»—«Death Gun»!”

98

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Sinon heard of this name before. After the vague knowledge
floated up from deep within her memories of knowledge, she then said.
“…Death…Gun. Is it about that weird rumor…? That someone shot
the winner of the last tournament «Zekushiido», and «Usujio Tarako»
who got a high ranking position, in a pub on the streets and the plaza,
and they never logged in again afterwards…”
“That’s right…”

Kirito nodded his head and then looked at Sinon’s face. Those
large and black eyes had a strong impact and fear in them that Sinon
had never seen before. Also, he was shaking because of a certain
feeling.

“I felt…that it wasn’t possible. Yesterday, while waiting at the
dome, I met him and still continued to deny this possibility. But I have
no need to doubt it anymore…that guy really used a certain way to kill
players in the real world. In fact, the corpses of «Zekushiido» and
«Usujio Tarako» were discovered recently…”
“…”

—How did you know about this? Who are you? What’s your
relationship with that mantle guy…?
Before she was shocked by the fact that «Death Gun» really
existed. Sinon’s heart was already confused by this person called Kirito,
and this made her really unable to catch what was going on.

Of course, Sinon still couldn’t believe this honestly. Killing
someone in the real world from a game? That’s too far-fetched…and
wouldn’t this be paradoxical? If things inside the game affected the
lives in the real world, that wouldn’t be a game anymore. However, on
seeing Kirito give a serious expression, voice and gaze that didn’t look

99

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

like what a virtual avatar could make, she just felt that she couldn’t
laugh this off. Who—who exactly in the world are you…

Sinon’s mind was all confused and could only remain silent. At
this moment, Kirito, who maintained a sharp gaze as he continued,
finally managed to turn his eyes away from her to the metal bridge, and
Sinon looked over too as if she was led by him.
The mysterious mantle guy who made Pale Rider «log out» put
the handgun that was aimed at the camera down and turned to look at
Dyne who was in the south. Dyne, who had the [dead] tag on his
abdomen, was still logged in, but unable to talk, and unable to make
any expression, so nobody could tell what sort of thoughts he had
about the strange battle that went on beside him.

The mantle guy placed his handgun back into the holster,
strapped up his L115 back on his shoulder with a shyari sound, and
started walking to Dyne. Was he going to attack this «corpse» of Dyne?
Sinon couldn’t help but gasp on thinking about this, and Kirito seemed
to be thinking the same thing as his slender body twitched slightly,
looking like he was about to rush out from the woods.

But perhaps Dyne—was lucky as the mantle guy didn’t take out
his automatic pistol, but walked past Dyne and moved onto the metal
bridge. He didn’t cross it, but disappeared behind the thick big pillar
like how he appeared. He should be walking on the slightly shallow
river. Though they couldn’t see him now, that position can only lead
him north or south down the river. If she start to move now, she would
definitely see him again—…
“…Still hasn’t appeared yet…”

Kirito muttered. Sinon still nodded her head. Even after 10
seconds, the mantle guy hasn’t showed up. This means that he was still

100

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

hiding in the shadows behind the bridge. It seemed like he was wary
about Sinon’s sniper rifle.

At this moment, a slightly ringing vibration could be felt from the
left wrist, and Sinon then checked her watch. 8.44pm 50 seconds.
There was 10 seconds left before the 3rd «Satellite Scanner». Sinon
pulled the device out from her waist pouch and watched the screen.

“Kirito, watch the bridge. I’ll use this chance to check that guy’s
name.”
“Got it.”

On hearing his immediate reply, Sinon waited for the map to
refresh itself. There’s still 3 seconds…2, 1, the scan started. The spy
satellite of the galactic war age flew through the sky, and scanned
through the entire surface without letting a single spot slip by. Its
electronic eye could easily read through mini cover. There was no
other way to hide except by hiding in a cave or swimming into the
water like Kirito.

*PaPaPaPaa*.... After a few beats, new flashing lights appeared on
the screen. Lion King Richie was still camping on the peak of the hill far
south. He wouldn’t be able to get down the hill before the tournament
ends.

About 800m north of him, the two blinking spots hiding between
the forest and the hills were Kirito and Sinon. To the players who were
far away from them, they would definitely think that they were fighting
at close range. They shouldn’t be able to expect that they were pushed
side by side, hiding in the bushes. Of course, Sinon was praying that the
other players wouldn’t know that.
101

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

And 200m north, there was a rather light glow, showing Dyne,
who was dead. A little north, and it would be Pale Rider’s light spot, but
the map didn’t show it. And at the east side of Dyne, the light spot of
that mantle guy under the bridge was—
“Eh… Not-not there?”

Sinon said with surprise as she stared hard at the high definition
screen.

But no matter how she continued to look, the surroundings of the
metal bridge only showed Dyne’s light spot. The mantle guy had
already moved somewhere else. But if he moved up the river, she
should be able to notice it. Sinon then panicked as she wondered what
was going on, but immediately started thinking again.

There was only one possibility she could think of. He used the
same method as Kirito and swam underwater to avoid the satellite
scanner. In that case, that means…
“…There’s a chance.”

On hearing Sinon mutter, Kirito frowned. Sinon glanced at him
and then quickly explained the entire situation.

“That mantle guy didn’t appear on the screen, so he’s definitely
hiding at the bottom of the river. In that case, he should have removed
all his equipment. Even if he wants to get up the river, it’ll take at least
10 seconds for him to summon his window and fully equip himself. We
just need to attack him…”
“What if it’s just a handgun? He should be able to move if he’s
carrying such light arms, right?”

102

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Before she even finished, Kirito raised the same doubt. Sinon
could only reply reluctantly,

“I’ve never tried this before, but if the STR and VIT values are high
enough, it should be…but even so, we should be able to overpower
someone with a handgun easily…”
“NO!”

Kirito suddenly stopped suppressing his voice and shouted,
forcefully grabbing Sinon’s left hand.

“You just saw it, right? That guy’s black handgun made Pale Rider
disappear! It may be real death if you’re hit!”

Sinon couldn’t look away from the glowing black eyes of Kirito.
She forced herself not to look away, shook her head, and answered,

“…But I still can’t believe that there will be real death resulting
from being shot in a game….Uun, or rather, if this were real, that
mantle guy could kill anyone on his own will, right? How is that
possible…I really can’t believe it. How can such a person exist in
GGO…in a VRMMO…”

That’s right. Even in the wilderness of «Gun Gale Online», where
killing intent was everywhere, it was still «a kind world» to
Sinon/Shino.

This world didn’t have any real evil intent or killing intent. The
reason why they replaced communication with bullets and smoke was
simply because they wanted to surpass their peers, to be stronger than
anyone else. In this world, no matter how much they shot or how many
bullets they take, they wouldn’t lose a single drop of blood. Also, they
would definitely not feel any pain, injury or any real damages. Thus,
even though they would feel remorse over losing a battle, they

103

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

wouldn’t behold any grudges with the enemy. Like the tough battle
before. Sinon’s entire left leg was blown away by the minigun of that
Behemoth, and the Behemoth was shot through by Sinon’s Hecate. But
after that battle, Sinon was just left with self-confidence, reflection and
the respect to that strong Behemoth. She believed that the Behemoth
would feel the same about her.

It’s because of that that Sinon decided on this GGO world, a
cushioning mechanism that protected her from that weak her in the
real world and that terrifying memory. She believed that if she
continued to fight here, the confidence she built in the virtual world
would one day surpass that grudge that anguished her so much in the
real world.

There couldn’t be any real malice in a VRMMO, or else it wouldn’t
be a virtual world. Wouldn’t it become the dark reality Sinon always
feared and was running from…

“I…really couldn’t believe that there was really a VRMMO player
who would really kill someone besides PKing.”
On hearing Sinon murmur—

Kirito answered with a thoroughly pained voice,

“But they really exist. That mantle guy…«Death Gun», he used to
kill a lot of people in that VRMMO I was in before. Even after knowing
that the enemy would really die, he still swung his sword. It was like
how he shot Pale Rider just now, and…I…”

At this moment, Kirito stopped talking, looked down and let go of
Sinon’s hand.

104

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

However, by piecing together those heavy words and the
conversation she had with Kirito before, it was easy to tell what he
didn’t say.

Three years ago—at the end of AD 2022, «that incident» shook all
of Japan. Even Sinon, who didn’t have any interest in VRMMO at that
time was rather clear about this incident because of the daily long
reports the media gave. There were more than 10,000 young people
who were held captive in the virtual world; and two years later, the
people who were released and returned back to the real world was
about 6,000. In other words, 4,000 lives were gone because of this
incident.
Undoubtedly, Kirito must be one of the «survivors» of that world.
And if he wasn’t lying, «Death Gun» should be the same as him. No,
that’s not it. There was an even more terrifying truth behind Kirito’s
confession.
Those who died in that game basically died in the real world.
«Death Gun» knew that they would die and killed many players on his
own will. He was «the player who really killed someone in a VRMMO»
Sinon said.
That guy in GGO…at this moment, he was in the field of the «3rd
BoB finals», and even took the lives of players in the real world
through an unknown mean. That should be what Kirito was saying.
Sinon finally managed to get something out from her confused
thoughts, and immediately felt her body chill.

Her vision started to become dark from the center. There seemed
to be something watching her from the darkness. That look—that
lifeless, weak and seemingly sticky swamp-like stare was…
105

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“…-non. Sinon!”

Suddenly, Sinon heard someone calling her name, causing her to
wake up forcefully. Behind the black shadow that was moving away,
Kirito was looking worriedly. On seeing that pure and bewitching
beautiful looks of his, the girl felt annoyed that it went against the
norm, causing her phobia to be suppressed.
Sinon sighed lightly and answered,

“…Don’t worry, I was just a little shocked. To be honest…I really
couldn’t believe your words straight away…but I don’t get the feeling
that this is all a lie or a fabricated story.”
“Thanks. That’s enough.”

Kirito nodded his head slightly. At the same time, the light spots
on the device in Sinon’s right hand flickered. The satellite in the sky
above was about to leave. Sinon hurriedly switched the map over to
the whole field and started counting the number of dots. Right now,
there were 17 dots of lights, which meant that there were 11 dead dim
lights, 28 altogether.”The numbers don’t match after all…”

There were really 30 people at the start. Subtracting off the
disappeared Pale Rider who disconnected, there was still one person.
That should be the «Death Gun» who went underwater to avoid the
scan. No, maybe he wasn’t just waiting silently underwater, but moving
around. However, it was hard to tell whether he intended to move to or
away from the two of them. If he were approaching, he could
immediately come out from the water on the east side of the bushes
Sinon and Kirito were hiding at and launch his attack forcefully…

106

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

As Sinon thought about that, all the lights on the screen
disappeared. Now, they could only search for the enemy with their five
senses for the next 15 minutes.

Sinon glanced to the east slightly, but couldn’t find any movement.
The mantle guy should have moved on from the bottom of the river to
the north. Though his main weapon L115A3 «Silent Assassin» was a
terrifying weapon, it was a hand-operated sniper rifle like the Hecate II,
so it wasn’t suited for mid to close ranged combat. Most likely, he
wouldn’t force his attack, but pull away to hide his own location.
Thinking till here, Sinon exhaled and muttered,

“We have to get out of here first…those far away will think that
both of us were fighting and will come over to collect the earnings of a
fishmonger.”
“…You’re right…”

Kirito instantly looked down at the ground, but immediately
turned to Sinon and said,

“If I had told you to find an absolutely safe hiding place until the
tournament ended…you wouldn’t listen, would you?”
“OF…OF COURSE NOT!”

Sinon immediately shouted back with her loudest voice.

“How could I do such a stupid thing that the «Camper Richie»
would do! Besides, there’s no absolutely safe place on this island. There
are caves in the northern deserts where the satellite can’t read through,
but I’ll definitely die if someone throws a grenade in.”
“…I got it. Then, let’s split up here.”

“Eh…”

107

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

These unexpected words finally caused Sinon to be unable to say
anything. She blinked for a few seconds and finally said with a calm
voice,
“The-Then what you intend to do?”

“Me, I want to…continue chasing after that «Death Gun». Can’t let
him use that gun to shoot anyone. And…if I faced him head on, I’ll
definitely remember that guy’s old name. In that case…”

At this moment, the shiny lips of Kirito were tightly shut. He took
a deep breath and faced Sinon straight in the face.
“…Sinon, please get away from that mantle guy. I’ll abide by your
promise. I’ll fight with all I’ve got when we meet somewhere on this
island…Just now, thanks for not shooting at me and listening to what I
said.”

After nodding his head, the black-clothed lightsaber wielder
slipped out from the bushes.
“Ah…wait…”

Just when Sinon was about to instinctively call him, he landed on
the deep-tea-colored ground and got up and walked towards the metal
bridge in the north without turning back.
After staring at that slender figure that was gradually leaving for
a moment, Sinon forcefully closed her eyes.
“….”

The air that was forcefully inhaled was exhaled hard with a silent
‘that’s enough!’, and Sinon immediately got up from the woods. The
shrubs that were wrecked by her violent action had their leaves
scattered before disappearing.

108

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

“HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!”

The girl shouted loudly, and the person who was 20m away
stopped just like that. She immediately grabbed the Hecate and carried
it on her right shoulder before running to Kirito. No matter if the other
person gave such a completely surprised look, Sinon glared
somewhere else and said,
“…I’m coming with you too.”
“Eh…?”

“You intend to fight against «Death Gun», right? That guy’s an
expert even without that gun. How can you keep your promise if you
lose before you face me? I’m not really willing, but we should work
together to chase that guy out of this island…and the tournament finals
of this BoB.”
After saying out all the words that ran through her mind, Sinon
glanced at Kirito. In the end, though that lightsaber wielder frowned,
his lips curled up, looked rather strange. Kirito struggled for a while,
seemingly still worried about Sinon’s safety, then shook that black hair
and said,

“No…you just saw that battle too, right? That guy’s really
dangerous. Once you’re hit, your body in the real world may be…”

“We don’t know where «Death Gun» ran off to, it’s dangerous
whether I’m with you or not. Speaking of which, a rookie like you who
would continue to run away without even noticing your surroundings
in an open space has no right to worry about me!”
“…Well, what you said made sense…”

109

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

Kirito again hesitated for a few seconds, but finally released the
tension on his shoulders and nodded his head—right before waving his
right hand at lightning like speed. As Sinon noticed that the light saber
that was drawn out from his waist, the blue and purple energy blade
appeared from the handle in Kirito’s hand.
Ah, is this guy going to attack me now to fulfill his promise? Sinon
couldn’t help but stop breathing, but Kirito then looked west. Sinon
looked at where he was looking at, and at that moment, about 100m
away, under the shadow of a large rock, there were a few red lines
appearing at them—the bullet line trajectory that bullets were aimed
at.

The unknown enemy’s fully-automatic machine gun roared, and
Kirito’s light saber left several afterimages as it knocked down all the
bullets in this bullet storm that didn’t leave any openings to escape.
Sinon was stunned by this scene before her that she had never seen
before in GGO, and could only stand there like a piece of wood, but
after a second, she immediately recovered her thinking ability and got
down. She released the Hecate in mid-air, and as she laid down in a
prone position, she readied the stand on the ground.

At this point, they could confirm that the enemy was using a
completely automatic machine gun, but the scope didn’t show the Gille
mantle of the «Death Gun». The enemy had a mysterious openedhelmet with a top, and the right eye had an eyepiece to correct the aim.
Sinon remembered that she met this person before. He was a gunner
who took part in the last tournament, called «Xiahou Dun». The
weapon in his hand was a «Norinco CQ». Though this was a veteran
with amazing skill, he was in a shocked state that his sturdy chin was
unable to move up. It couldn’t be helped that he had such a reaction, as
110

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 10

the one magazine of bullets he fired was deflected by the lightsaber, a
weapon anyone thought would be just for show.
“Impossible~!”

Xiahou Dun’s stern ancient Chinese general-like face that had a
beard let out a voice that didn’t fit the times and then hid back into the
shadows of the rock. Kirito lowered his head, glanced at Sinon,
shrugged his shoulders and said,
“We’ll take care of that guy. I’ll rush in. You’ll be in charge of
covering fire.”
“…I understand.”

Now things just got interesting. What will happen next?
Though Sinon had this thought, she still set her cheek against the
wooden stock of her beloved gun.

111

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

Chapter 11
“They haven’t really caught onii-chan on camera—”

Lyfa said as she shook her blond pigtail that had a slight green
tinge to it, and beside her, Silica was moving the cat ears that came out
from her light brown hair to respond to her.

“That’s really unexpected...I thought Kirito-san would definitely
go in and show all his skills.”

“No no no. Don’t think of him like that. That guy’s really
calculative. Maybe he’s hiding somewhere and waiting for the number
of participants to drop before coming up.”

Klein, who was in the bar counter at the corner of the room, said
casually. Asuna, who was sitting at the center of the room with Lyfa
and Silica, gave a wry smile on hearing this.
“Kirito-kun couldn’t possibly do such a thing...I think..”

Asuna said softly. At that moment, the small pixie that was sitting
on Asuna’s left shoulder started to flap her membrane thin wings. This
was the AI Yui, who was Asuna’s and Kirito’s «daughter».
“That’s right. Papa would definitely move behind the enemy at a
speed the camera couldn’t even catch and launch a quick attack!”
On hearing that logical conclusion from Yui, Lisbeth who was
sitting to the left started laughing,

112

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

“Ahaha, that’s rather possible too. Also, he’s using a sword instead
of a gun in a game full of gun weaponry.”

At that moment, everyone imagined Kirito’s situation, and then
the room was filled with hearty laughter. The small dragon ‘Pina’ was
curled up on Silica’s lap.

It had been a long time since these six people and a pixie gathered
together, and right now, they weren’t in the real world, but the VRMMO
RPG «ALfheim Online» everyone had joined. The vast virtual world
inside ALO contained a giant «World Tree» on the map, and there was
even a city in the sky called the «Yggdrasil City». Kirito and Asuna
rented a room together in a corner of that city, and this became the
gathering place tonight.

As expected of a room that cost 2,000 Yurudo monthly, the inside
was rather vast. The wooden floor was polished brightly, and a sofa set
was placed at the middle of the room. There was also a private bar
counter against the wall. There were numerous wine bottles on the
shelves, they were found amongst the pile of goods Klein obtained in
the virtual world from the lands of the 9 different spirits and the
underground Jötunheimr. It’s said that there’s a fantastical item that
‘wouldn’t make anyone drunk and yet tastes better than a 30-year-old
Scotts Whiskey’. Of course, the under aged Asuna still couldn’t
understand the value of these wines.

The south side of the room was an entire wall of glass, and
normally, this would allow for a wonderful view of the Yggdrasil city.
But today, they couldn’t enjoy the night scenery of this city. That’s
because that glass wall could also become a large screen which was
airing the scene from another world. That was—the network TV «MMO
Stream» telecasting the live view of the «3rd Bullet of Bullets»
tournament in «Gun Gale Online».

113

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

The main aim for today’s gathering was to cheer for Kirito, who
went to take part in this tournament without saying anything, and also
critique his behavior outside. Unfortunately, their ally, the axe warrior
Agil wasn’t here as the café bar he was running in the real world was at
its busiest. Even so, Asuna herself wasn’t at home, but logged in from
the 2nd floor of his shop «Dicey Café». This was to allow her to catch
Kirito who was in the middle of the city somewhere and lecture him
good.

“But why did that Kirito move his avatar from ALO to GGO just to
participate in the tournament?”

Lisbeth was holding a glass cup that was full of jade-colored grape
wine as she said that with a puzzled tone. On her left, Lyfa then shot
Asuna a look. Right now, only Asuna, Lyfa and Yui knew that Kirito
received a request by a friend in ALO, the Undine water mage
«Chrysheight»—actually, the person controlling the avatar was an
officer of the ‘Virtual Division’, Kikuoka Seijirou—to investigate GGO.
From the way Lyfa gave the ‘I’ll leave it to you’ look, Asuna pondered
for a while before answering,
“Well...it seemed that he received some strange job. I heard that
he had to investigate some VRMMO, or rather, the current state of «The
Seed Nexus». GGO is the only game with a «Money Trading System», so
it was chosen to be investigated.”

These were exactly the words that Kirito had said, but Asuna
didn’t think that this was the truth. Of course, she didn’t feel that Kirito
would lie to her, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t hiding something
crucial from her. A few days ago, after they finished their date and
were about to head home, Kirito explained the reason why he had to
switch games, and at that moment, Asuna could tell from Kirito’s
expression, tone, and attitude that there was something going on.

114

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

At that time, she told herself not to ask too many questions as
there must be a certain reason why Kirito couldn’t say it out. Also,
Asuna believed that the reason would definitely not betray her trust.

Thus, Asuna merely said ‘do your best’ before watching Kirito
leave. Right now, she could only hang out with a few good friends, wait
in a distant world, and watch the live telecast—

But she couldn’t deny that she had been feeling extremely anxious
for some reason during the past few days.
It wasn’t that she didn’t trust Kirito, but a rather vague
premonition. Something was about to happen, no, it really will happen.
It was like that maze area in Aincrad in the past, being surrounded by a
large number of monsters outside the search range as they gradually
move in—
Asuna’s voice and expression shouldn’t have revealed her worry,
but as her good friend, Lisbeth could have felt that something wasn’t
right through her sixth sense as she nodded with an ambiguous
expression.

“I see...working. That guy is a person who can immediately get
used to any game and is rather suited for this kind of work...”

“But there’s no need to take part in a PvP tournament out of a
sudden, right? If it were just investigation work, he should be talking
on the streets to other players.”

On hearing Klein, who was waiting at the wall, ask this question,
the four of them, including Asuna and Lyfa felt puzzled too. A while
later, Silica then stuttered and said,

115

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

“Maybe he...intends to earn a large amount of money by winning
this tournament and test the money trading system? I once heard that
the minimum exchange rate was rather high...”

On hearing these words, Yui, who was on Asuna’s shoulder,
immediately quipped,

“The official website didn’t have any records, but according to
news on other websites, the lowest exchange value is 100,000 points in
GGO, and the exchange rate to yen is 100 to 1, so it can be exchanged
for 1,000 yen. The operating company seemed like they would be
sending the added value digital money over to the players log-in email.
The prize for winning this tournament is 3 million points, and so it
would be 30,000 yen in exchange.”

Yui said that rather simply, but that was the outcome she had
after searching through the vast network database. Her search ability
and detailed accuracy of information was something even «search
experts» could never match up to. It’s no wonder that Kirito would
often ask her to do his assignment reports, and actually, Asuna and the
rest would occasionally do that.
said,

“Thank you,Yui-chan.”

Asuna patted the pixie’s head with her finger and pondered as she

“It seems like the money trading system isn’t really
complicated...we also send encrypted digital money over through email. Kirito-kun shouldn’t have to investigate it personally...”
“Maybe he got lured by the 30k prize money.”

116

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

On hearing Klein make such a direct remark, everyone gave a wry
smile. Lisbeth immediately shot him a ‘Kirito’s not like you’ and
continued on normally.
“But in terms of a large PvP tournament, it’s normally impossible
to come up on a top ranking position through hiding somewhere. I
remember ALO had this sort of tournament, and if they hide in the
same place, there will be some sort of searching magic that will be
automatically activated and doesn’t allow them to hide, right?”

“...And to be honest, onii-chan’s personality wouldn’t allow him to
do that. If he hears someone fighting, he couldn’t possibly be patient
enough to wait around and hide at a certain spot.”

As expected of Lyfa who lived with Kirito for a long time, her
words were really convincing. Everyone felt that Kirito really was this
sort of person.

As they were thinking, on the large screen that should be about
300 inches wide, there were many live telecasts flashing through. As it
was a shooter game, they would normally record the live telecast from
somewhere behind the player. As the camera follows the player, the
bottom of the screen would show the name of the player. However, the
screen that was divided into 16 different telecasts never showed
‘Kirito’s name’. The camera would normally show people fighting, and
they knew that during the 30 minutes up till now, Kirito hadn’t fought
yet.

Did he become cautious after moving from a world full of swords
and magic into an unfamiliar world of guns? But the Kirito she knew
was someone who would accept a challenge no matter the
circumstances. Like what Lyfa said, it’s rare to take part in such a large
scale tournament, so it’s impossible for him to not meet any other

117

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

players during the 30 minutes and hide. If he went off to fight against
the hot favorite of the tournament and got beaten splendidly—that
would fit his personality, but the participant list on the right side of the
screen showed that Kirito’s status was ‘Alive’.

“...Which means that there’s a more important objective than
being heavily involved in the tournament?”

As Asuna muttered, the center of the 16 screens displayed a battle
that was at its climax.
The main player involved was called ‘Dyne’. He readied a machine
gun on the end of a red rusted metal bridge and continued to fire.
However, the enemy who was dressed in blue and white clothing easily
leaped onto the bridge like a Cait Sith before closing in on him. Then,
the enemy fired the large gun that those criminals in Hollywood
movies would use and finished off Dyne.
At this moment, Lisbeth seemed to be watching the same image,
and she whistled.
“Wow, that person’s really amazing. Looks like GGO’s rather
interesting too. I don’t know if I can create my own guns...”

Like how she was in SAO, Lisbeth’s avatar was a Leprechaun
blacksmith. This sounded just like her, causing Asuna to chuckle,

“Hey hey, don’t you even think of moving to GGO. There’s still
many levels of New Aincrad to explore!”

“That’s right, Liz-san! They’re opening an update above level 20!”

Even Silica, who was next to Lyfa, spoke up to stop her. Lisbeth
could only raise her hands and surrender.

118

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

“I got it, I got it. I’m just thinking that ‘there’s such strong people
no matter what kind of game it is~’ . That blue guy just now should be
one of the favorites for this tournament...”
Just as she said that, the «blue guy» in the same screen actually
collapsed.
The cameras immediately focused on this blue player who
collapsed onto the floor. There was also the name ‘Pale Rider’ there.

Though he collapsed, he didn’t look like he was dead. At this
moment, a slight spark seemed to climb out from the bullet hole in his
right shoulder. It seemed like the player’s action was sealed.
“It’s just like the wind magic «Lightning Curtain Seal»...”

On hearing the Sylph mage fighter Lyfa say this, the Salamander
swordsman Klein immediately shook that red hair that was made
upright by the low-quality headband, and said,

“I hate those things the most. And besides, that tracking ability’s
too good already, isn’t it!”

“You hate all sorts of weakening spells! Increase your anti-magic
ability a bit, will you?”

“Fuun, who cares about you. A warrior like me won’t choose a
skill with the word ‘magic’. I won’t choose it even if you kill me!”

“I say, many warriors in old RPGs were warriors who knew black
magic!”

Asuna could only give a wry smile as she watched Klein and
Lisbeth quarrel. She reached her right hand out and towards that
image that was worth noticing before expanding it out with two fingers.
119

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

The image of Pale Rider on the floor immediately became bigger as the
other images were pushed to the side.
It’s been more than 10 seconds ever since he was suddenly
numbed, but there wasn’t anyone who appeared in the camera. They
could only see tea-colored earth, the metal bridge, the river that flows
below and the forest on the far opposite side that was blurred by the
dust—
*PAM!*

This sound that suddenly rang caused the 5 people to jerk in
shock. At this moment, a black cloth entered the camera screen from
the left. The camera then panned backwards, and the new character
finally appeared on the last screen.
“...Phantom...?”

Was that hoarse voice from Lisbeth, Silica—or Asuna herself?

It was a guy with dark-grey tattered mantle that danced with the
wind. The inside of the head was completely covered by the shadow,
which made it hard to tell. They could only see two will-o-wisp like red
eyes deep inside. This looked way too similar to the phantom-type
monsters that everyone had trouble with in the past at Aincrad.
Asuna blinked and then again looked at the screen. Of course, the
person standing there wasn’t a phantom, but a player who was taking
part in the tournament. This tattered mantle guy should be the one
who used an electric bullet to immobilize Pale Rider. ALO had mage
fighters who use many binding spells from long range to seal the
enemy and finish off the enemy from close range. This was a rather
popular ability skillset in a game.

120

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

The tattered mantle guy seemed to confirm Asuna’s thoughts as
he reached his right hand into his mantle near his chest and then
pulled out a blackgun. However, if that was the main weapon that’s
able to deal damage to the enemy, it’s a little...what...
“...Too painful, isn’t it?”

At the corner of the room, Klein seemed to be feeling the same
way and raised his doubt. He rubbed the moustache on his chin, and
said

“Either way, the sniper rifle on his shoulder just looks way more
powerful. Wouldn’t finishing off the enemy with that gun be easier...”

“Maybe bullets are expensive? Isn’t ALO like this? There’s a lot of
catalysts that are required for a large spell.”

As everyone considered what Lyfa said, the mantle guy flicked the
hammer behind the blackgun and pointed the gun at Pale Rider, who
was still on the floor.

However, he seemed to be taunting the enemy—or the audience’s
mood as he still hasn’t squeezed the trigger. He raised his left hand,
doing something unexpected. It pointed his thumb at his forehead,
chest, left shoulder and right shoulder in order.
At this moment—

Asuna felt a little numbness deep inside her mind.

It wasn’t just some special hand sign. It was merely an ordinary
«Cross». Besides seeing this in Western movies, there were many
professional healer-type players in VRMMO who often do this to cast
magic. Of course, a real Christian who sees this would feel really
unhappy about this , but Asuna wasn’t a Christian, and the feeling just

121

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

now wasn’t of anger of unhappiness. If she had to say it—it felt like her
fingers undid a knot that wasn’t supposed to be removed...

Asuna’s body got tense unknowingly as she widened her eyes. She
watched the mantle guy on the screen finish drawing the Sign of the
Cross and then put his left hand on the side of the handgun. He took
half a step back on his right foot, turned his side to Pale Rider, and
squeezed the trigger—
“Ah...?”

Someone suddenly let out a shocked voice.

The mantle guy seemed to be thinking about something as he
suddenly bent backwards.

However, 0.1 second later, Asuna and the rest immediately knew
why he had to do this. There was a large orange bullet that flew in from
outside the screen. It grazed past the open mantle, through where the
heart of the avatar was supposed to be and instead traveled through
the empty air..
Someone must have sniped at the mantle guy from far away. Also,
Asuna saw that the bullet seemed to be coming from the left rear side
of him. He actually dodged that attack with such an angle and speed
brilliantly, and even though the game world was different, she knew
that that was a rather impressive technique.

The mantle guy dodged the bullet that was suddenly shot at him
and then lifelessly brought his body back up. He then glanced to the left
rear side. Though the face couldn’t be seen from deep within the hood
because of the shadows, Asuna could feel that he was giving a frivolous
smile.
At this moment, a sharp pain occurred deep inside Asuna’s mind.

122

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

—What’s going on? What’s with this feeling? Is this...a memory? But
how’s that possible...I’ve never been to GGO before. I haven’t even seen the
game screencaps...
The mantle guy looked like he wanted to shoot through Asuna’s
doubts as he again raised his handgun.
This time, he finally squeezed the trigger at the player who
collapsed due to numbness easily.

The dry gunshot. The bronze empty cartridge flew out and landed
on the barren land beside him.
The bullet that was shot hit the Pale Rider who was on the floor
right in the middle, creating a small spark on him. However, this didn’t
look like a powerful hit that would deplete the HP completely.

A second later, Pale Rider himself proved that Asuna wasn’t
mistaken as he finally recovered from his numb state and turned
around, putting the large gun in his right hand right in the mantle guy’s
chest.
said.

“Woah, a huge comeback...”

Asuna was also predicting that things would go as what Lisbeth

However...

Let alone a gunshot or sparks, there wasn’t even the sound of a
trigger being squeezed. Pale Rider’s gun rolled on the floor.
Then, the owner of the gun slowly fell to the right—before
collapsing on the ground again.

Under the silver-grey helmet, they could see Pale Rider’s skinny
nose and tightly closed lips. His lips were trembling, and he suddenly

123

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

opened his mouth. Then, there was a silent intense emotion that came
from deep within his throat. Asuna’s instincts were telling her that the
player who was controlling this avatar was really experiencing shock
and fear.
“Wha...what is happening...?”

As Lyfa cupped her mouth with her hand and said this, something
even more unexpected happened. Pale Rider, who was lying flat on the
floor, frozen as if a pause button was pressed, then vanished with a
white static special effect.
The special effect light still remained in the air even after the
avatar disappeared before forming a word. However, the word that
showed ‘disconnection’ was stepped on by a dark black boot. The
mantle guy brought his left hand back into his mantle and stepped
forward.

It seemed that he knew where the camera was as he raised the
handgun in his right hand and pointed at the screen. This cause Asuna
to feel that the wall between the worlds of GGO and ALO—no, the real
world and virtual world were destroyed, that her real body was being
pointed at gunpoint, causing a chill down her back.
Within the darkness deep inside the hood, the red glowing eyes
flickered. At that moment, a robotic-like voice stuttered through the
screen.
“...My name, and the name of this gun, is «Death Gun»...«Death
Gun»!”

The robotic voice had a twisted and intense emotion. On hearing
that voice, a largest crack formed deep within Asuna’s memories.
124

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

That caused her to be unable to breath and increase her heartbeat.
Her eyes were watching the hidden face that couldn’t be seen on the
screen, and the face was lowering his chin. The voice rang again,
“One day, I will, appear in front of you guys, again. And then, use
this gun, to bring real death to you. I have, such, a power.”

The black handgun let out a soft sound. If he squeezed the trigger
now, the bullet would feel like it would really fly through the imaginary
screen. This caused Asuna to be wary. The mantle guy seemed to have
read through her fear and gave a smile from deep within the hood. And
then, he said—
“Don’t forget. Nothing’s, over. Nothing, is, over—it’s showtime—”

On hearing those stuttered English words, Asuna seemed to be
dealt the final blow or something.
—I know that guy.

I couldn’t be mistaken. I met him somewhere before. I even spoke to
him. But where...
No, I know the answer already. At that floating city...Aincrad. Not
the safe duplicated world that’s floating in the sky of ALO now, but the
real unique world I once spent 2 years in. «Sword Art Online» is not over
yet. That guy basically left out these words from what he said just now.
—Who is it? Who’s the player controlling that mantle avatar...?
Asuna looked lost, but she was thinking quickly. She nearly
jumped up from the sofa the moment she heard something hard land
on the floor.

On looking back, she found that Klein, who was sitting on the bar
bench let the crystal-base cup in his right hand fall to the floor. The cup

125

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

that dropped onto the floor broke into many fragments of polygons
and disappeared. However, he didn’t care that this expensive player
made set was destroyed at all as he widened the eyes under the
headband.
“Oi, what are you doing...”

Klein stopped Lisbeth from grumbling with a low and hoarse
voice.
“Im...impossible...that guy...don’t tell me...”

On hearing this, Asuna really jumped up from sofa. She turned
and shouted at Klein,
“Klein, do you know him? Who exactly is that guy?”

“No, not really...I couldn’t remember his old name...but...I can be
certain...”

This swordsman had deep fear in his eyes as he looked at Asuna,
and then said,
“That guy’s... a member of «Laughing Coffin».”
“...!”

This time, Asuna, and even Lisbeth and Silica gasped. Even for
these two girls who lived in the middle levels, the atrocities this brutal
murder red guild «Laughing Coffin» committed in Aincrad left a deep
impression on them.

Asuna subconsciously placed her hands on their shoulders and
timidly asked Klein,

“Don...don’t tell me...it’s the leader of those guys, that one who
used a butcher knife...?”

126

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

“No...that’s «PoH». Their manner of speaking is completely
different. However...that ‘it’s showtime’ just now was the catchphrase
that ‘PoH’ loved to say. This guy should be a high-ranking guy beside
him...”

Klein seemed to be moaning about something as he finished
talking then turned to look at the screen. Asuna and the other 3 looked
over as well.
Right in the center of the large screen, the mantle guy kept his
black handgun and started moving far away. He moved in a phantomlike gliding motion and arrived at the bridge in the far corner of the
screen. However, he didn’t cross directly, but went through the
perimeter of the bridge before reaching the river. In contrast to the
sharp shadows that were caused by the red sunset, the dark grey
mantle immediately went into the shadow of the metal bridge and
disappeared.

At this moment, Lyfa’s weak voice broke the heavy atmosphere in
the room.
“Well...what’s that «Laughing Coffin»...?”

“Well...”

Silica, who was sitting beside her, explained to Lyfa, who was the
only one present not an original SAO player, the killing atrocities the
red guild committed and their vanquishing.

On hearing that, Lyfa immediately bit her lips and looked straight
at Asuna with her jade-green eyes
“Asuna-san, I think onii-chan may know that that person existed
in GGO.”

127

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

“Eh...?”

“He came back really late last night, and I felt that there was
something strange about him when I reached home...maybe...he went
to GGO to settle a grudge...”

On hearing those words, Asuna was immediately stunned, and
this time, Lisbeth silently grabbed her hand. The girl forcefully grabbed
her friend’s hand to calm her down and then shook her short pink hair
to raise the question she had,

“But in that case...what about the job? Didn’t Kirito go to
investigate GGO because of a request?”

That’s right. The one who requested Kirito for this job should be
the Virtual Division’s Kikuoka Seijirou, even if he was the person in
charge of the «SAO Case Victims Rescue Force», he should know the
relation between Laughing Coffin and the various Guilds.
But at the same time, Kirito’s transfer and the existence of the
mantle guy shouldn’t be just a coincidence. There must be a certain
link, something that made Kikuoka notice GGO and request Kirito to
assist.

Asuna forcefully took a deep breath, still grabbing on to Lisbeth’s
hand which was holding hers and said,

“I’m going off first to see if I can contact the person who
requested Kirito-kun.”
“Eh? Asuna-chan, do you know that person?”

“Yeah. Everyone knows him...I’ll call him here to confess. He
should definitely know the reason behind this. Yui-chan, while I’m
128

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 11

gone, can you please check the relevant records of GGO to see if there’s
data on that mantle player?”
“Got it, mama!”

The black-haired pixie on her shoulder flew to the table and
closed her eyes as she started searching through the important
information through the vast network flow.
“...Then, please wait for me, everyone!”

Once Asuna finished shouting, she shook her aquamarine hair,
jumped over the sofa and quickly called out her window. She again
nodded at everyone and immediately pressed the log out button.

The rainbow colors immediately surrounded Asuna’s body,
causing her soul to fly from the World Tree in the virtual world to the
real world that’s distant away.

129

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Chapter 12
Gun Gale Online. The system for this game did not have the
«Warrior» or «Mage» class like RPGs in the past.

Each player could choose to increase 6 of their «stats» like
strength ‘STR’, agility ‘AGI’, vitality ‘VIT’ and dexterity ‘DEX’. Also, there
are hundreds of «skills» that include ‘masteries’, ‘suggestion’, ‘first aid’
and ‘acrobatics’, forming one’s own build. In a sense, this means that
there were as many classes as the number of builds.
But on the other hand, a build that wasn’t planned—like having
low STR and unable to equip a large machine gun and yet increasing
the mastery of a heavy machine gun—would weaken one’s own ability.
Because of that, there would definitely be a fixed pattern where people
have to attain certain statuses and skills before being able to equip
certain weapons. Based on the slight differences of the skills, everyone
would classify similar players as «Attacker», «Tank», «Medic», «Scout»
and all sorts of names for different classes.
Though Sinon’s class as a «Sniper» was extremely rare, it was one
of these. To equip a large-sized sniper rifle, they have to strengthen
their STR status, and then have to increase their DEX to improve their
accuracy, and finally a suitable amount of AGI to get away quickly from
the scene after a snipe. However, they would lose if they were
discovered, so they gave up on VIT completely. As for skills, they need
the necessary gun mastery and also other skills that could improve
their accuracy. Of course, they gave up completely on defenses.
However, there’s also the possibility of a failed snipe because of the

130

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

«heartbeat count system» even if the build was perfect, and this would
be the hard part about this class.

Such an overly specialized class wasn’t really suited for a battle
royale. While aiming for an enemy far away, they could be easily
approached by others. A sniper could only surrender once an attackertype player with a submachine gun or an assault rifle rushes in. Even if
a sniper barely managed to fire at the rushing enemy without aiming—
which were normally unable to hit the target—the sniper would end
up becoming a pincushion of bullets before they were able to get a
second shot out.

Because of the above reasons, if Sinon acted on her own, she
would have no chance of winning if a mid-ranged shooter who would
value accuracy like the attacker «Xiahou Dun» reaches the range where
the Norinco CQ would hit.
However, things were different now. Because of a chance
occasion, beside her was a «lightsaber warrior» which no one else in
the world of GGO would possibly have. This person looked like a blackhaired beauty no matter how you looked at it—but he’s actually a boy.
The ‘lightsaber’ was a weapon that the programmers of ‘Zaskar’
created out of their own whims, and its range would be far less than a
sniper rifle.

The attack range was as long as the blade of the saber itself, about
1.2 meters. The GGO world’s smallest firearm «Remington Derringer»
had a range of merely 5m, but the attack range of the lightsaber was a
lot smaller than it. However, that energy blade that was glowing blue
and white seemed to have power that far exceeded expectations. The
fact that it was able to slice the .50BMG the Hecate fired from close
range was the proof of it.

131

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

In another perspective, since it could slice any bullet apart, it
would mean that this would be the strongest defensive weapon in the
world. But even with the «Bullet Line», it’s not easy to use a 3cm wide
blade to defend against a rain of bullet that was coming at a supersonic
speed.

This needed a calm prediction of the bullet lines, order, and
perfect response ability to use the sword. Also, the most important
thing was not to show any fear when facing a fully-automatic rifle—

What sort of training allowed him to learn such skills? Sinon
really could not imagine it. No, this may not be just a VR game
technique. It’s when the player merged with the avatar through his
own experience, belief and power of his soul.

Once he reloaded his weapon, Xiahou Dun again grabbed the CQ
and started firing wildly. However, the lightsaber in Kirito’s hand
created numerous afterimages in the air and accurately picked out all
the bullets that would hit him in the grid boxes and deflected them.
Sinon could only feel that way on seeing from behind his back.

This real ability that far surpassed the barriers of the virtual
world and the real world was exactly what Sinon was looking for. She
learnt the calmness of a sniper, no, a coldness—ruthlessness, and then
wanted to use it to crush Asada Shino’s weakness. She had been
moving through the wastelands during the past half year, looking for
an opponent who would give her real strength.

Ever since she met Kirito yesterday, Sinon had this thought that
she wanted to fight with this powerful foe with all she’s got, and that
she would get such strength if she could win.

But at the same time, she noticed that another emotion was
growing in her.

132

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

I want to know him more, I want to talk to him more. What
happened in that world before Kirito arrived in GGO? What kind of life
did he have in that world, what did he learn, and how did he fight his way
through? No—I want to know what kind of person he is in the real world.
I had never had such thoughts about anyone else while growing up...
“SINON, NOW!”

Kirito cleared off the second barrage of bullets Xiahou Dun fired
and shouted, and Sinon’s thoughts were brought back to the battle on
hand because of that.

Her right index finger moved half consciously, squeezing the
trigger of the Hecate. It was a shot crippled by her severe lack of
concentration ability right now, but the distance was less than 100m,
after all. Sinon couldn’t possibly miss with her build based on accuracy.
The bullet piereced straight through the middle of the general warriortype armor Xiahou Dun was wearing.
In a normal battle, a player whose HP was down to zero would
shatter like glass and disappear. However, the special rules of the BoB
tournament specify that the corpse would be at the scene. Xiahou Dun
was sent flying back after he was hit, and the helmet decoration flew in
the air. As he landed on the chilly ground in a wide position, the red
[Dead] tag started to spin on him.

‘Fuu~’, Sinon heaved a sigh and got up, changing the magazine of
the Hecate which could normally hold 7 bullets, but didn’t have much
left. Then, she placed her rifle on her right shoulder and glanced at her
temporary partner.

Kirito skillfully spun the lightsaber in his hand and placed it back
at his waist buckle. The side of his face was dimly illuminated under
the red sunset, and looked as enigmatic as ever. After taking a deep

133

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

breath to hold back that earlier desire to know about him, Sinon
quickly said,

“That battle just now will attract lots of people. We have to move
quickly.”
“Ok.”

Kirito nodded his head and then turned his eyes to the river
surface nearby.

“«Death Gun» should have headed north down this river. He
probably wants to hide somewhere until after the «Satellite Scanner»
works at 9pm and then choose his next target. I want to stop him
before he kills... shoots someone. Can you think of a plan, Sinon?”

On hearing this sudden request, Sinon blinked a few times and
then frantically thought about what she should do. Though she really
couldn’t think of some good idea since she didn’t really understand
what was going on, but she immediately opened her mouth and said,

“...No matter how mysterious his power is, «Death Gun» is still
just a sniper, so he shouldn’t be used to fighting in a place without
cover. But if we continue moving north from here, we’ll leave the forest
stretch on the other side of the river. We’ll continue moving up to the
center of the island, the abandoned city, and it’s all a grassland with
great line of vision.”

“In other words, he could have chosen that place as the next
hunting ground... right?”

Kirito muttered and then looked over at the ambiguous buildings
that were far away in the north. Though the distance effect made it
look very far, it was just 3km straight on. Without bad AGI stats, they
134

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

can reach there in around 10 minutes if they run and watch their
surroundings.

“Alright then. We’ll head towards that city too. If we run down the
river, we shouldn’t be spotted from both left and right sides.”
“...Got it.”

After Kirito nodded and said that, Sinon looked back slightly.

Dyne’s «corpse» was still lying at the end of the bridge slightly far
away, but the existence of the red [Dead] tag showed that he was still
alive. The person who was really dead—though it could be just a
possibility—was «Pale Rider» who disappeared completely.

To be honest, Sinon still couldn’t believe this, but at the same time,
she couldn’t feel that this was all a lie.
However, there was a definite feeling within her, that during the
3rd BoB tournament, something in her would change. It’s just that she
didn’t know what direction the change would occur—and she didn’t
know if the opponent who would change her would either be Kirito or
that mysterious mantle guy.

Right now, she could only act on her own inspiration. That’s
because ‘inspiration’ was a skill that couldn’t be enhanced with any
build.
Though Sinon didn’t boost it that much like Spiegel, her AGI
wasn’t that low, and it should have at least been about the same as
Kirito’s who should have boosted STR stats.

But eventually after running together like this for a while, Sinon
had to run with all she had before catching up to the flowing black hair
in front of her. To put it simply, their «basic movements» were

135

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

completely different. There were cracks appearing suddenly on the
numerous rocks on the riverbank, and Kirito seemed to have
memorized them as he quickly dodged them or leaped over them. He
would often turn his head around to match Sinon’s speed, which made
her all the more unhappy.

Even so, it was because of Kirito’s help, running in front of her
and pointing out paths that were easy to move through, that she was
able to pass through the mid-south area, the grasslands. Unknowingly,
the riverbed below her feet became concrete, and when she looked up,
she could see the crowd of skyscrapers. They were about to enter the
main battlefield of this island, the abandoned city.
“We didn’t catch him.”

Kirito slowed down and said softly to Sinon. He was somewhat
hoping to meet «Death Gun» who went underwater and head towards
the city, and attack him while he was unarmed.
“...Maybe we went past him somewhere...”

Once Sinon answered, Kirito turned over, gave a deep thought,
watched the river flow behind him, and said,

“No, that’s impossible. I checked the water while we were
running.”
“Is-is that so...”

Speaking of which, a person couldn’t stay under water for more
than a minute without an aqualung. The large sniper rifle Death Gun
was carrying shouldn’t allow for more space to carry one. Then, he
must have slipped into the river below the metal bridge, swam north
together with the water flow that was heading there, and then got up
before running into the abandoned city.

136

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“—That means he should be lying in ambush somewhere inside
this city. The river flow stops there.”

The river in front of Sinon became a drain that flowed to the city’s
underground, and the entrance of the underground drain had sturdy
metal bars there, which any player could tell that it wasn’t to be
entered. That obstacle couldn’t be destroyed even if hundreds of
plasma grenades were thrown.
“I see... there’s still 3 minutes till the scan. We can’t avoid the
satellite scan if we stay in this dump, right?”

Sinon considered Kirito’s question and then nodded her head
forcefully.

“Un. During the last tournament, the map would show even the
1st level of a tower. If there’s really a need to hide, it’ll be water that’s
extremely dangerous or a cave. Other than that, there’s no other way to
avoid the scan.”

“Okay. Once the scan locks onto Death Gun’s position, we can
immediately attack to stop him from firing. I’ll run straight at him.
Please provide covering fire then.”
“...I’m fine with that...”

Sinon shrugged, but after that, grabbed Kirito who had been
waiting for this chance and said,

“But there’s a small problem. Haven’t you forgotten that «Death
Gun»‘s not that guy’s real character name? If you don’t know the name,
you can’t track his position through radar.”
“U...Tha-That’s right.”

137

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

The lightsaber warrior crumpled his beautiful eyebrows and sank
into deep thought.

“In fact... amongst the 30 participants, you don’t know three of
them, right, Sinon? Amongst these three, the «Pale Rider» I was
tracking wasn’t Death Gun. Which means that remaining two... «Jyuushi
X» and «Sterben», one of them is Death Gun... if there’s only one person
in the city, it’ll definitely be him...”

“If both of them are present, we don’t have time to hesitate. Now
we have to decide which side we want to attack. Well—I just thought of
something...”
Sinon coughed dryly a few times and continued,

“...If you read «Jyuushi» backwards, wouldn’t it become «Death
Gun» 1, and «X» can be read as «Cross», which is the Cross that guy
drew... no, things shouldn’t be that simple...”

“Hm... but most of the character names in VRMMO were randomly
created. Someone like me merely modified my own real name... what
about you?”
“...Me too.”

They stared at each other with a strange expression, and then
coughed dryly a few times,
Kirito seemed to be undecided as he sighed and said,

“If that guy called «Sterben» was really a foreigner like what his
name indicated. Are there players from overseas in BoB?”
“Well...”
1

Gunner: ‘ジュウシ’ (Jyuu-shi), Death Gun ‘シジュウ’ (Shi-jyuu)

138

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon looked at her watch. There was less than two minutes
before the next scan, so she tried her best to explain as quickly as
possible,

“During the first tournament, we could choose American (US) or
Japan (JP) servers, but there were still a few foreigners who played the
Japanese version. I hadn’t played GGO then, but from what I heard from
Shi... Spiegel, the winner of the first BoB was a foreigner. That person
seemed really strong. He managed to kill off all the Japanese with a
knife and a handgun...”
“I see... what’s his name?”

“I believe, Sato... Satori or something weird like that. But when I
started playing, the Japanese server only allowed those in Japan to
connect to it, so the players from the 2nd round and the 3rd round this
time are all Japanese... or at least, living in Japan. Though that
«Sterben» was written alphabetically, he should be Japanese.”
this,

“I see...”

Kirito blinked hard and looked like he finally decided as he said

“Okay, if both of them are at the dump, we’ll head to «Jyuushi X».
You don’t have to panic when I get stunned by the stun bullet like Pale
Rider, so just get ready to snipe. Death Gun will definitely use that
black handgun for the final hit, so use that chance to hit him.”
“Eh...”

On hearing those words, Sinon immediately forgot that there was
less than 1 minute left as she widened her eyes. She looked at the black
eyes beside her and asked,
139

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“...Why are you so...”

Trusting of me? However, Sinon could not let out the voice at the
latter end—

“...I may not attack Death Gun and snipe you from behind, you
know...”

Kirito lifted his eyebrows in an unexpected manner and smiled

“I know that you won’t do that. Come on... it’s about time. I’ll leave
it to you then, partner.”
The black-coated lightsaber user then patted Sinon on the left
hand and then walked towards the stairs as he wanted to move from
the riverbed to the street.

The place that was touched felt mysteriously hot and painful as
the fingers from yesterday, but Sinon chased after the figure
wordlessly. Though she told herself that this was an enemy countless
times since yesterday, she did not have that feeling anymore.

On the upper levels of the short concrete steps, Sinon and Kirito
crouched down at a position that couldn’t be seen from the street and
waited for the 4th «Satellite Scanner».

Her right hand held onto the device as she watched the watch on
her left hand. Right now the time is 8.59pm 55 seconds... 56, if the
proceedings of the finals was as fast as last year, it should be about
time to enter the second half, which meant that there were only half
the number of players left. In fact, she could even hear gunshots and
explosions from the abandoned city. However, the sounds finally
stopped for now, so everyone should be hiding in the shadows and
watching the device.
140

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

58 seconds, 59 seconds, 9pm sharp.

The device map showed numerous white and grey dots.
“Kirito, check the north!”

After saying that softly, Sinon then touched the two gathered
spots that were at the soutern-most part of the street. The names that
were on them were naturally [Kirito] and [Sinon]. As a battle couldn’t
last for more than 15 minutes, the other players should know that
these two weren’t fighting, but working together as partners. Even
though this wasn’t against the rules and there were many instances of
players working with each other, the rest would have the thought that
‘this Sinon would actually work together with others’. She couldn’t help
but pray that they won’t be caught on camera together.
—She abandoned those unnecessary thoughts and quickly
checked through the names. «No-no», «Yamikaze», «Huuka»,
«Masaya»...these were all famous players Sinon knew of. The names
she was looking for weren’t in this city, so that would mean that their
hypothesis was wrong—
No.

“...Got it!”

As Sinon shouted this, Kirito’s voice answered in perfect unison.

The center of the street had a round building perimeter that
looked like a stadium. A light spot remained in what looked like a
perfect sniping position. As Sinon touched it with her finger, the name
of the character appeared—«Jyuushi X».

She immediately exchanged glances with Kirito, but immediately
returned back to her device. To check through the information again,

141

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon continued to move her fingers north, and Kirito moved south at
the same time. 5 seconds later, they lifted heads at the same time.
“«Jyuushi X»‘s the only one in this city for now.”

Kirito then answered Sinon with a nervous voice,

“Yeah, looks like «Sterben»‘s not here. In other words, «Jyuushi
X»‘s the «Death Gun», and the prey is...”

Kirito used his finger to point at his own device, showing a
building that’s slightly west from the stadium in the center—the name
was «Ricolo». Being alone, if he wanted to move his hiding place to
somewhere else, he would have to put himself in shooting range of
«Jyuushi X».
As Sinon nodded her head, the light that represented Ricolo
started moving to the exit of the building. Once he stepped onto the
road, he would be immediately hit by the L115 sniper rifle stun bullet.
They had to stop Death Gun no matter what before he fired that black
handgun.
Kirito kept his device and looked at Sinon. He looked like he had
something to say, but he merely said,
“Please cover me.”
“Understood.”

Sinon answered simply and got up. She then moved up the stairs
where Kirito was in front of, observed the surroundings, and moved
her right hand to indicate that they should move on before rushing up
the steps.
The official name of this lone island that became the grand stage
of the tournament finals was the «ISL Ragnarok».. Right now, the

142

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

ancient city was right in the middle of it, and it should be modelled
after famous cities from the world like New York City. There were
many skyscrapers that mixed all sorts of functions with traditional
beauty, and there were numerous English adverts and bulletins. Of
course, these things had become old and were covered by weeds and
sand.

Sinon and Kirito tried their best to run up the river that became
the drain. Right now, other than the two of them, Death Gun and his
target, there were also 5 or 6 players in this city. However, they
wouldn’t care about that. Luckily, the scan just now did not show
anyone who could immediately move to their position. Also, those
broken yellow taxis and large buses on the road could act as perfect
cover. Both of them moved through like this and continued north.

This abandoned city was about 700m in radius, and with the
assistance of AGI boost, both of them ran past this distance in less than
a minute. They could see a large round building, and that was their
destination, the stadium was in the center. Sinon gave the hand signals,
and they ran into the shadow of the bus before observing the
surroundings through the broken windshield.

The stadium wall was about 3 stories tall, and there was a exit at
the north, south, east and west areas. If Jyuushi X did not move away
after using the Satellite Scanner, he should be waiting above the west
exit. Sinon widened her eyes and stared at the top of the outer wall.
With the improved vision skill ‘Hawk Eye’, the distance effect of an
object would be reduced, and the visual identification rate would
increase. She found that there was something like a gun muzzle in a
triangular hole on a damaged concrete wall, and behind the hole—
“...Got it. Over there.”

143

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Undoubtedly, the sniper gun’s gunhole was under the place
where the sunset shone. At this moment, Kirito seemed to recognize
the thing Sinon saw and whispered softly like her,
“Looks like he’s still waiting for «Ricolo». Okay... I’ll use this
chance to attack him from behind. Sinon, get ready to snipe at the
building opposite this street.”
“Eh... I can go into the stadium too...’

Though Sinon objected, she was immediately interrupted by
Kirito’s strong and forceful expression.

“This is a battle where you can use your ability to its maximum. I
trust that you’ll definitely use your gun to cover me when I’m in
trouble, so I can fight with that guy. This is what partners are for.”
“...”

Once these words were out, Sinon could only nod her head and
agree with Kirito’s plan. He smiled, glanced at his watch and continued,
“We’ll begin action 30 seconds after I leave. Is that enough?”
“...Yeah, that’s enough.”

“Okay, I’ll leave it to you then.”

Then, the black-haired swordsman moved his back away from the
bus without hesitation—
He looked straight at Sinon from the front, and then ran to the
southern exit of the stadium without seemingly letting out any
footsteps.

144

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon watched his slender back profile gradually move away, and
felt something strange deep within her. Was this nervousness? Or
anxiety? They were similar, yet different. This was—right, it’s fear...
How is it possible! What am I scared of!?

Sinon gritted her teeth and forcefully chided herself.

—In order to win in this BoB tournament and become the strongest
player in the world, this had to be done. I need to eliminate this Death
Gun who’s using some unknown power outside the system to mess with
the tournament, so I have to work together with Kirito for now. The
moment we succeed, that lightsaber warrior will become my enemy
again. Once I meet him again after that, I will squeeze this trigger
without hesitation, take him down and forget about him. That’s because I
won’t meet him again.
While forcing down the sharp pain that’s near her heart, Sinon
started running. Amongst the buildings on the streets, there were two
kinds, the accessible ones and the inaccessible ones. The buildings that
could be entered would definitely have a place where one could tell
that it was an entrance. This building that’s in the southwest position
from the stadium, separated by a ring road, had a large hole on a wall
that collapsed. Once she entered, she would climb up to the 3rd level,
and she should be able to see the path on the wall of the stadium. The
two positions were really too close, and normally speaking, it’s likely
that she would be spotted if she sniped here. But even for someone as
strong as Death Gun, he had to notice the surroundings when he fights
against Kirito. Once she finds an opening, she would shoot without
hesitation. Then, she would leave the slum and meet up with Kirito
somewhere else. This should be enough...
Even though Sinon tried to take action coolly like usual...

145

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Her heart was already taken up by an emotion that was different
from usual.

As she was about to move through the collapsed hole in the tower
wall, she felt a sharp chill behind her back. The moment she was about
to turn around, Sinon found that she had collapsed onto the road.
—What’s happened... why am I on the ground...?
She couldn’t recover immediately.

There were goosebumps on her back... there seemed to be
something glowing on the left side of her vision field...she raised her
left hand in reflex, and the exterior of the arm received a strong hit.
Once Sinon realized that she got hit, she immediately intended to run
back into the tower. However, her feet couldn’t move for some reason
and she immediately fell back.

After finally realizing the current situation, Sinon tried to get up
immediately, but her body just couldn’t respond to command at all. It
seemed that she could only move her eyes. She tried to look at her left
arm to check the front shoulder that was hit.

There was something that pierced through the desert-colored
jacket sleeve and had pierced into the arm—it was more like a silvery
needle-like thing than a bullet. It was only 5mm in diameter and about
50mm in length. The base created a thread-like spark that came with a
sharp vibration that let out blue and white sparks, and these sparks
spread from Sinon’s shoulder to her entire body. This was—
A stun bullet.

This was the special bullet that numbed Pale Rider. Assault rifles,
machine guns or handguns couldn’t load it, and only a few large sniper
rifles could use it. However, Sinon never heard the gunshot. There

146

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

should be only a few players in GGO who had a large sniper rifle that
came with a suppressor.

Even if Sinon thought of this, she still couldn’t believe that the one
who hit her was ‘that person’. The stun bullet came from the south
direction of the road, but that guy should be in the north perimeter of
the stadium. He shouldn’t have recognized Sinon’s existence and
should have been aiming at another target. Based on the Satellite
Scanner at 9pm, Sinon could conclude that there were no other players
who could have attacked her from the south. Whether it was «No-no»,
«Huuka» or «Yamikaze», they would need lots of time to break through
this heavily collapsed area.
This was really inexplicable. Why—who—how did he do it?...

What answered Sinon’s question weren’t words, but a scene that
appeared in front of her eyes after that.

About 20m south, there were a few light sparks in the space
where nothing was supposed to be. And then, a person suddenly
appeared in front of her like he ripped the world apart.

Sinon’s throat that couldn’t let out a voice continued to pant and
scream silently.
—Metamaterial Optical Camouflage!

It could hide itself by refracting the light that shone on the surface,
and it was said to be the ultimate camouflage ability. But that should be
a skill only a few high level boss monsters have. Did they have such a
monster in the middle of this battle of the 3rd BoB tournament? But
she never heard this news before.
*Swoosh!*

147

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

The dark-grey cloth that was blowing in the wind interrupted
Sinon’s extremely confused thoughts.

That was a mantle that looked rather tattered and worn out, and
there was also the same grey color that covered the head. Sinon could
only remain like this and watch the attacker who removed his optical
camouflage and showed his identity. This person was the «Mantle» guy
who shouldn’t have been here.
—«Death Gun»

That ‘Silent Assassin’ who a few minutes ago caused Pale Rider to
disappear, and could have also kill the previous tournament winner
«Zekushiido» and the leader of a large squadron «Usujiro Tarako».
From underneath the slightly fluttering mantle, she could see the
large sniper rifle that reached down to near his shoes and the silencer
that was equipped in front of it. If that large mantle had an optical
camouflage ability, he could cloak the entire rifle after preparing it,
making it possible for him to shoot while invisible. No, that’s not all to
it. He could avoid even the Satellite Scanner while camouflaged.
Otherwise, there would have been a light displayed around this area
during the scan earlier.
X»...?

That means that this mantle guy—«Death Gun» wasn’t «Jyuushi

...Kirito

Sinon called this lightsaber warrior who should be in the stadium
behind her, ready to attack Jyuushi X. Of course, she wouldn’t get any
response.

148

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

*Paa..Paa..* The footsteps rang in her ears. The mantle guy
seemed to glide over as he approached. Deep inside the darkness of
that hood, she could see two dark red lights flickering irregularly.

«Death Gun», stopped about 2m in front of Sinon, and was
standing there like a phantom.

The muttering that was like metal rubbing against each other
came from the face that couldn’t be seen.
“...Kirito, now, I can tell, if you’re, the real one, or, a fake.”

It seemed that the mantle guy already knew that Kirito was at the
stadium. These words were said to him instead of Sinon that was
laying in front of him. That monotonous voice continued in an
interrupted manner, and though it was flat, one could feel an intense
emotion hidden inside it.

“I remember, when you, went berserk. Once I kill this woman...
who is your friend, once you go berserk like that again, you’ll be the,
real Kirito. Come... let me see it, let me witness that blade of yours, full
of anger, killing intent and madness.”
Sinon seemed like she couldn’t understand the meaning behind
his words.
But the terrifying declaration of the mantle guy made the girl
recover from her shock and bewilderment.

—He wants to kill me? This hermit that uses optical camouflage
wants to kill me?
Sinon had a flame of anger burning inside her, and the heat even
started to overwhelm the numbness.
149

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

The stun bullet still had lots of sparks left, but perhaps that’s
because the part that was hit was the left arm. If she try a little harder,
maybe her right arm should be able to move slightly. Luckily, the
support weapon Sinon had on her waist, the MP7 submachine gun was
near her right hand, so maybe she still had a chance to hold it and
squeeze the trigger. In such a short distance, she should be able to take
him down once she finish firing an entire magazine.
Move, move!!

Perhaps Sinon’s movement frequency moved from her brain to
the AmuSphere and surpassed the numbness as her right arm started
to move slightly. Her fingers had already touched the rather familiar
MP7 grip.

But at this moment, Death Gun slowly raised the left hand that
was empty-handed from under the mantle, using two fingers to touch
the forehead underneath the hood. Sinon then noticed that there was a
light blue 3-layered circle floating device above Death Gun, and the red
[REC] line continued to flicker. That was a live camera feed. The
numerous audience from within and outside GGO were watching Death
Gun draw the winning Cross sign and Sinon who collapsed in an
embarrassing manner.

The skinny left hand that had a black leather glove passed
through the chest and reached for the left shoulder.

During this time, Sinon finally grabbed the grip of the MP7.

Of course, there were safeties on the guns in GGO, but it was much
more common to see a quick attack than a misfire, so almost everyone
kept their safety off. Of course, Sinon was the same. Now, she just
needed to aim and squeeze the trigger. There’s still time. I can make it.
150

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Death Gun, who finally finished drawing the Cross sign, placed his
right hand back into the mantle and got ready to draw it out. Sinon had
also used the numb right hand to try and grab the MP7. She nearly
dropped the gun a few times while lifting it out, but barely managed to
hang on. This time, the mini-SMG which was nearly 1.4kg felt as heavy
as a mountain. However, Death Gun probably had to cock the gun. Once
she spotted that moment and fired—
However—

At this moment, Death Gun pulled out his right hand from the
mantle. The moment Sinon saw that black automatic handgun in his
hand, her body and right arm immediately froze like ice.

Why? That was just an ordinary handgun. I faced handguns
stronger than this, pointing at me, like the «Desert Eagle» and the
«M500». There’s nothing to be scared of. Hold that MP7 again, put that
gun at the enemy and squeeze the trigger.
Sinon tried to convince herself like this and again tried to move
her right arm—
But just when she was about to take action...

Death Gun placed his left hand on the sleeve, and this movement
just revealed the left side of the handgun to Sinon. More accurately, the
metal grip that was serrated and the little carving at the center of the
grip was revealed.
The carving was a circle, and there was a star in the middle.
A black star.

The Blackstar, type 54—that gun.

Why... Wh-Why-Why-Why is-Why is that gun here?
151

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

152

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

She lost her strength and let it slip out of her right hand, her final
hope, the SMG. However, Sinon could not even hear the sound of the
gun dropping.

*Gachink*. The hammer was cocked. The left hand of the mantle
guy was holding the grip like this, and then pointed the gun from the
side at Sinon in a Weaver Stance. Suddenly, there was a strange
distortion from the darkness inside the mantle and hood. The dark
space seemed to sway like glue, dripping and finally showing two eyes.

The whites of the eyes were bloodshot, and the pupils were small.
Those enlarged eyes looked just like a bottomless pit.
It was that man. That man who, 5 years ago, took the gun—the
Type-54 pistol to barge into a little post office in a city, in the north, to
shoot Shino’s mother. At that time, the young Shino lost all selfawareness and leaped at the gun, snatched it and squeezed the trigger
to kill that man—those eyes were just like the man.
—He’s here. He’s right here. He’s hiding in this world, waiting for
the chance to take revenge.

It wasn’t just the right hand as she lost even more of all her
senses. The red sunset and grey ruins gradually vanished, leaving
behind only the eyes and the gun in the darkness.

The girl’s heart seemed to be beating even louder. If she fainted
now, the safety function of the AmuSphere would cause Sinon to log
out automatically. However, her consciousness was clear as she waited
for the Blackstar’s trigger to be squeezed. The gun let out a sound,
*kiriri*. Once that finger moved a few more inches, the hammer would
hit the firing pin, firing the .30 caliber metal bullet. That wasn’t damage
in terms of value, but a real bullet. It would shoot through
153

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon/Shino’s heart inside and outside the game, stopping it, killing
her.
Just like what Shino did to that man that day.

That was an unavoidable fact. Even if she did not play GGO, she
would be caught up by this man in some place. Her efforts were all in
vain. No matter how much she struggled to break free from her past, it
was meaningless.
Just when her consciousness was giving up—

A flicker of feelings, as small as fine sand, still remained.

I don’t want to give up. I don’t want everything to end here. I finally
managed to understand the meaning of «strength» and battle. If I can
remain with that guy and watch him, one day, I’ll...
Sinon’s thoughts were finally interrupted by the gunshot that
shook the sky.
She did not know where she was hit, but still closed her eyes,
waiting for her consciousness to fade.
However—

The mantle guy in front of her was the one who shook.

«Those eyes» in his hood disappeared, becoming red dots again.
The right shoulder of the mantle was flickering with some orange
damage special effect. So someone shot «Death Gun», just when Sinon
was wondering who it was, the second gunshot followed. The bullet
that flew this time grazed past the left shoulder of the mantle guy.
From the sound of it, the gun caliber must be pretty big. The mantle
guy immediately crouched down and hid into the large hole of the
tower.

154

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon could see the actions of Death Gun from her position. He
placed the Blackstar back into his gun holster, pulled out the L115 on
his back and quickly reloaded the magazine. It seemed that he wanted
to switch the stun bullets into the sure-kill .338 Lapua bullets. The
enemy’s fluid movements in readying that large sniper rifle made
Sinon, a fellow sniper, feel rather impressed. After aiming, he squeezed
the trigger without hesitation.
A silenced *whoosh* gunshot and the third attack occurred at the
same time. But this time, the enemy did not attack with a gun.
Something that looked like a can rolled onto the road between Sinon
and Death Gun—a grenade. Death Gun immediately moved inside the
building once he saw that.

Sinon could only close her eyes. If the grenade exploded here at
such a distance, she would suffer rather serious injuries. However, it
would be better than being shot by Death Gun’s Blackstar. That’s right;
she might as well die like this. To retreat from this tournament, and
then retreat from GGO, no, VRMMO, and live a low-profile life in the
real world, always bearing the fear of being caught up by that man one
day...

However, the developments this time again betrayed Sinon’s
expectations.

The metal can that exploded half a second later wasn’t a powerful
plasma grenade an ordinary player liked to use, and neither was it a
normal one or an incendiary napalm one—but one that would spout
out harmless smoke.
“...!”

The white smoke immediately covered Sinon’s vision, and she
couldn’t help but hold her breath.

155

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

This would likely be her last chance of escaping. However, the
numbing effect hadn’t vanished yet. Even though she should be able to
move once she pulled out the bullet that’s lodged in her left shoulder,
Sinon couldn’t get her right hand do this. And at this moment, she
didn’t even have a will to stand up and fight.

Sinon was unable to keep her cool and could only lie on the floor
with her eyes widened until her left arm—was grabbed by someone.

This person just pulled her up roughly like that. That person
threw aside the large gun Sinon wouldn’t normally see and put his
hand on her back. The girl didn’t even have the chance to stagger
before she was lifted into the person’s arms along with the Hecate on
her right shoulder.

An acceleration that seemed like it was going to squash her body
into his followed. Hiuu! The air sounded beside her, and the
surrounding smoke started to grow thinner. The moment Sinon
recovered her sight again, she caught sight of the other player who was
holding her in front of them and running forward.

That person had near transparent white skin, obsidian-like pupils
and flowing black hair.
...Kiri, to.

Sinon wanted to call him, but was unable to make a voice. His
beautiful girl-like face was showing an abnormally serious look to
the—no, it was more like he was really desperate. She understood that
he is straining his nervous system to exert physical movement
commands to his avatar.

It’s to be expected that he would be having so much trouble. Even
if Kirito was a STR first-type player, and that he had only a light weight

156

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

lightsaber and handgun, he would be at his limit carrying Sinon and
Hecate. It was a miracle for him to be even sprinting at this point. Also,
looking closely, one could tell that Kirito himself wasn’t completely
unscathed. The new wounds on his right and left shoulders were giving
off a red dragging special effect. From the intensity of the light, the
bullet caliber that hit him should be rather large. GGO was a VRMMO
that originated from America, so the pain absorption rate should be
rather low. With this level of damage, even if he didn’t feel hurt, there
should be some form of numbness on him.
...That’s enough. Put me down and run away.

Even though she thought this way, the girl still could not say it out
in the end. Her entire body, no, even her consciousness was completely
numb.

Thus, Sinon could only blink even though she saw a large caliber
bullet fly out from behind. Her sleepy mind was thinking. She didn’t
hear the gunshot just now, which meant that the bullet was fired from
Death Gun’s L115. With the effects of the smoke screen, this snipe was
too accurate, which meant that he was right after them. She didn’t
know what sort of character the enemy was, but he couldn’t be slower
than Kirito who was carrying Sinon, and it would only be a matter of
time before they get caught up.
Kirito himself should understand this too. However, the
lightsaber warrior never intended to stop or put Sinon down. He
merely gritted his teeth, breathed hard and continued to run forward.

Both of them ran to the east side of the round stadium, ready to
leave from the north side of the ruins. Like the south side, there was a
main road that stretched on forward. There were a few damaged cars
and buses scattered all over the road, but it wasn’t enough for them to

157

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

leave the ruins while being completely hidden. Where is Kirito running
to?...
What answered Sinon’s doubt was the half-wrecked neon-light
advert signboard.

The words that flickered weakly under the sunset showed the
words [Rent-a-Buggy&Horse]. This was the unmanned transport rent
area that the capital Gurroken also had. Amongst the 3 buggys in the
motorpool, two of them were nearly completely wrecked, and only one
looked like it could still be in operation.

However, that wasn’t the only transportation tool for them to rent.
Like what the advert said, there were even a few large four-legged
animals beside the buggys—horses. But of course, these horses
weren’t real animals, but mechanical horses with metal frames and
gears showing outside. Also, there seemed to be only one that still
worked.
Kirito rushed into the motor pool and immediately hesitated over
whether they should choose the 3-wheeled buggy or the mechanical
horse. Sinon squeezed out a soft voice from her still-stiff mouth,
“A horse would be... too difficult. Its ability to break through
obstacles is great... but it’s really hard to control it.”

Although it seemed that almost no one was able to control the
hand-controlled 3-wheeled buggy, the mechanical horse’s hard-to
grasp personality would make it a lot tougher to control than a buggy.
As this had no relevance to the skills of the avatar, but that of the
player’s own skills, a lot of time, hard work and practice would be
required for them to use these transportation tools at their own will.
For GGO that’s only operational for less than a year, there shouldn’t be
a lot of people who had so much time to practice.

158

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

On hearing Sinon’s words, Kirito seemed to hesitate, but he soon
nodded his head and ran towards the only three-wheeler buggy that
could still work. He touched the panel screen and started the engine,
let Sinon sit on the rear panel, and once he got onto his own seat, he hit
the acceleration on the three-wheeler buggy. The large back wheel
immediately let out a sharp rubbing sound, gave off white smoke and
started spinning.
As the vehicle moved to the north road, Kirito immediately
stopped and shouted,
“Sinon, can your sniper rifle destroy that horse?”

“Yes...”

Sinon pulled out the stun bullet with the right hand that finally
managed to shake off the numbness and blinked her eyes. She saw the
mechanical horse behind and immediately understood Kirito’s
intention. He was worried that the mantle guy—Death Gun would use
that horse to catch up. Sinon really felt that it wasn’t really possible,
but she still nodded her head.
“Go... got it. I’ll try...”

She used her still-trembling arms to carry the Hecate that was
unstrapped, and pointed the gun at that metallic horse that was
standing coldly 20m away. This was a distance where she could hit
without aiming through the scope and use skill assist. As Sinon placed
her hand on the trigger, the light green reticle immediately appeared.
She gathered the point at the side of the horse, and her finger got ready
to exert force—...
*Kachink!*

The numb feel made Sinon widen her eyes.

159

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

She couldn’t squeeze the trigger. Sinon was wondering whether
she accidentally turned the safety on, and turned to check the side of
her beloved gun. However, that wasn’t the case. The sniper then
exerted force on the finger again, but the trigger felt like it was welded
and knocked her right hand aside,
“Eh... why...”

*Gachink*, *gachink*

No matter how many times she tried, it was the same outcome.
She stared blankly at her finger, and what appeared in front of her was
an unbelievable scene. Her finger didn’t even touch the trigger. The
white fingertip and the smooth metal had a gap between them, several
millimeters wide. And no matter how hard she exerted force, she just
couldn’t remove that distance...

“...I couldn’t press it... why... WHY CAN’T I SQUEEZE THE
TRIGGER?...!”

cry.

The voice that came from her own throat was a soft and hoarse

It seemed that the one who let out the cry wasn’t that ice-like
sniper, but Asada Shino in the real world.
At this moment...

A figure appeared behind the thin smoke on the east side of the
stadium.

The mantle on the enemy shook, and he was still holding onto a
large sniper rifle. Of course, he was «Death Gun»—or maybe he could
be «that guy» who borrowed this appearance.
160

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon’s eyes darkened. Her legs lost their strength. Her body
started to turn cold.

Ahh... how did it happen? That was an omen of a fit. Sinon, who
had a different personality than the real life Shino, never had this
happen to her before. It didn’t even happen when she first logged in
and was immediately forced to wield a gun...
“Sinon, grab on!”

Suddenly, a forceful and powerful voice sounded right as a hand
grabbed her left arm hard. Sinon grabbed onto Kirito’s body just like
that. Then, the old fossil fuel engine immediately let out a growl. The
buggy’s front wheel went up and then flew as it it was shot out on the
road.

Every time Kirito used his foot to step on the pedal, Sinon felt that
an acceleration was making her move backwards. While surrounded
by fear, she continued to maintain her consciousness and grab onto
that skinny body with all she’s got. A dark force continued to try and
swallow her, and the warmth that’s coming from Kirito’s body was the
only reliance she could use to fight it.
The buggy that reached the top gear let out a sharp roar in the
ruins and started to race down the street.
—Can we... really escape safely...?

Though she felt anxious inside, Sinon didn’t have the courage to
turn back. It was only now that she found that her body was still
trembling.

The sniper girl moved her stiff fingers, ready to move the Hecate
she was carrying in her right hand back onto her shoulder. At this
moment, Kirito’s anxious voice rang again,

161

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“ —DAMN IT, WE’RE NOT OUT OF THIS YET! DON’T RELAX!”
She looked back instinctively—

She could immediately see that the mechanical horse that wasn’t
destroyed successfully dashed out from the motor pool that was
gradually becoming further. The girl widened her eyes in disbelief, but
there was no need to tell who was the person on it.

The mantle on the rider flapped like black wings of a crow. He
carried the L115 on his back and held the metallic leash with both
hands. That posture of kneeling down on the stirrup and moving up
and down as the horse galloped looked no different from a skilled rider.
Clak, clak.

The heavy footsteps caused Sinon’s to descend into confusion.
“Why?...”

He could actually ride a horse. She used to hear that even those
with horse riding experience in real life would have difficulty
controlling the mechanical horse in this world. However, the darkcolored horse galloped and leaped over the abandoned vehicles,
chasing with a similar speed to the buggy.

That look of his made him look like he wasn’t an ordinary player
like Sinon, but rather, a concentration of fear within the girl’s heart
that’s flowing out. Even though she tried to look away, she couldn’t
help but concentrate on the face of the rider that’s 200m behind them.
Sinon obviously couldn’t tell the distance clearly, but she felt that she
could see those eyes that were deep within the darkness of the hood
and a bloody mouth that’s revealing a smile.
“He’s catching up...! Faster... get away... get away...!”

162

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon cried out with a soft wailing voice.

And Kirito seemed to be answering her request as he pushed the
three-wheeler buggy to full speed. But at this moment, the rear wheel
of the buggy ran over an obstacle and jumped up, causing the back to
slide to the right.

Sinon screamed and tilted left instinctively, hoping to use this to
balance the buggy. If the buggy skidded at this time, Death Gun would
catch up to them in 10 seconds. Kirito cursed while he controlled the
shaking frame of the vehicle.

The buggy let out a sharp rubbing sound and skidded left and
right, and several seconds later, finally regained balance and again
accelerated. However, Death Gun used this minor error to close a large
part of the gap between them.

As they drove through the highway of the ruins, obstacles
continued to appear as if someone was playing a prank on them,
causing the buggy to continue shaking from side to side when made to
drive quickly. Also, there was a layer of thin dust all over the road
surface, and the wheels would lose grip once it ran over them. Every
time that happened, the buggy would skid slightly to the side, and
Sinon would tense up.

Even though the pursuer was under a similar condition, this road
that was full of obstacles was more advantageous to the mechanical
horse. Thus, the mantle guy continued to easily avoid the abandoned
cars and close in on Sinon and Kirito. Also, the enemy had another
advantage.

Even though the three-wheeler buggy and the mechanical horse
were transportation tools that could accommodate two people, there

163

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

were two people on the buggy, and one on the mechanical horse. Of
course, the buggy would be slower in its acceleration.

Every time the horse appear from behind the shadows of the
obstacles, the profile that was closing in would become larger. Even
though there was still some distance, Sinon still felt there was a
stinging metallic sound continuing to irritate the back of her neck.
Just when both parties were 100m away from each other,

Death Gun’s right hand let go of the rope and pointed something
at the two of them. What he was holding was – that black handgun,
«Type-54 Blackstar»

Sinon, who felt like her entire body collapsed into the freezer,
couldn’t get down into the buggy for cover and could only watch as the
handgun was aimed at them. Her teeth were trembling, letting out
irregular kakaka sounds. Fuu, the red bullet line wordlessly moved up
Sinon’s right cheek. She turned her head to the left without hesitation.
Then, the gun let out an orange glow like a devil with a bloody
mouth—
*BAM!*

The fatal bullet dragged a sharp sound and flew towards her
before grazing 10cm past Sinon’s right cheek.

Even though the bullet moved past the buggy and hit the
abandoned vehicle in front, the particles that floated in the air still
grazed past Sinon’s face. At this moment, she felt a sharp pain as if
someone scatter dry ice on her.
“NOOO!!!!”

164

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

This time, Sinon finally cried out loud in anguish. She turned her
eyes away from the Death God behind her and stuck her face onto
Kirito’s back. After that, the second bullet seemed to hit the rear fender
of the buggy, and they could feel a strong jerk on their feet.
“No... save me... save me...”

Sinon curled up like a baby and continued to repeat the same
words over and over again. She couldn’t hear a gunshot, but the sound
of the horse galloping was getting closer, and it seemed that Death Gun
intended to catch up to the buggy before firing.
“Sinon... can you hear me, Sinon!”

Kirito called Sinon’s name again, but couldn’t get any response.
She just remained crouched against his back, letting out soft whimpers.
“SINON!”

After she got shook by the sharp sound again, Sinon finally
managed to stop whimpering. She moved her neck slightly and looked
over at the back profile of Kirito which had that flowing black hair.
Kirito was looking forward, pushing the three-wheeler buggy to its
limit and saying with a stiff yet calm voice,
“Sinon, we’ll be caught up at this rate—hurry up and snipe him!”
“I...I can’t do that...”

Sinon forcefully shook her head to refuse. Though she felt the
heavy weight of the Hecate II, this weight that would normally fill her
up with battle intent couldn’t bring her any feelings.
“It’s alright if it doesn’t hit! Just hold him off!”

Kirito persisted in shouting, but Sinon could only continue to
shake her head.

165

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“...I can’t do it... that guy... that guy, he...”

That guy was the soul that awakened from her memories, and
even if she used twelve 7mm bullets to hit him in the heart, she
couldn’t stop him—that was what Sinon believed. Direct damage was
already ineffective, let alone holding him off.

However, Kirito turned around, and those black eyes were
shining brightly. He said,
“Drive then! I’ll use that gun to snipe him!”

On hearing those words, the little pride that remained in Sinon’s
heart shook her up—
—Hecate’s... my identity. Other than me... no one else can use it...

These interrupted thoughts seemed to act like some sort of weak
electric pulse in a circuit and caused Sinon’s right hand to move.

She slowly moved that large sniper rifle from her shoulder and
then placed the gun over the rear fender on the back of the buggy,
while timidly supporting her body she brought her eye over to the
scope in front.

The magnifier was at its minimum, but at a distance of less than
100m, the figure of the mechanical horse carrying Death Gun took up
more than 30% of the scope’s view. Sinon originally intended to
increase the magnifier to hit straight in the middle of Death Gun, but
the hand that reached out to increase the magnification stopped.

If she continued to enlarge it, she would see that face under his
hood clearly. On thinking up till here, her fingers couldn’t move. Sinon
then moved her right hand over to the gun grip and got into sniping
position.

166

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Death Gun should have noticed Sinon’s action, but he had no
intention of dodging, let alone stopping. His hands were holding onto
the leash as he continued to race over. Sinon knew that she was being
underestimated, but on thinking that Death Gun may take out that
handgun—that accursed Type-54 handgun Sinon herself used that
eventful day, she couldn’t feel any anger, just complete fear.

One shot. Just one shot would be enough. In such a close distance,
even if the enemy could see the bullet line, there was a chance that he
could fail. Sinon gathered that pessimistic and little battle intent
together, ready to let the index finger in the trigger guard touch the
trigger.
However...

A surge of mysterious anxiety struck, again preventing her action.

No matter how hard she tried, her finger just couldn’t touch the
trigger. It felt like the one and only partner Hecate was rejecting Sinon
herself—
“I can’t shoot it...”

Sinon/Shino muttered with a hoarse voice,

“I can’t shoot. My fingers won’t move. I can’t... can’t fight anymore.”

“NO, YOU CAN!”

The strong yet stern voice rang from behind her.

“THERE’S NO ONE WHO CAN’T FIGHT! THERE’S ONLY THOSE
WHO GIVE UP ON FIGHTING!”

Even though she was chided by her greatest rival Kirito, the flame
that was about to disappear in Sinon merely flickered.
167

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Choose? I’ll just choose to give up on fighting then. I don’t want to
relive those painful memories. I had enough of seeing my hopes taken
away and destroyed. It’s just my delusion to think that I can survive in
this world if I have ability. I will always have to carry the fear of the
grudge by that man and the gun. I can only lower my head, hold my
breath, not look, and not bring any feeling to this...
Suddenly, a scorching flame reheated Sinon’s frozen right hand.
The girl opened the eyes that were originally closed.

Kirito was originally sitting on the seat of the buggy, but at this
moment, he turned around, and he was leaning on Sinon’s back while
standing on the pedal. He reached his right hand out, holding Sinon’s
right hand that was about to fall off from the Hecate’s grip and held it
forcefully.

It seemed that he was able to set the three-wheeler buggy’s gas
pedal to full throttle as the buggy was still running forward. However,
they would soon hit an obstacle. Kirito himself seemed like he didn’t
mind as he shouted at Sinon’s ear.
“I’ll shoot too! So, just once, please move this finger!”

Sinon wasn’t clear if the system would allow two people to shoot
one gun. However, the flame-like heat that radiated from the touch of
Kirito’s hand made her feel that the frozen fingers were starting to
melt.
The sniper’s fingers twitched slightly—the finger touched the
metal that form the trigger.

In her eyes, she could see the bullet line. However, the aiming
circle was so large it exceeded Death Gun’s body into the area
surrounding it and was irregularity moving about. Sinon’s heart was in

168

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

a mess, and the buggy that was racing was jerking way too much. If this
kept up, there was no need to consider how the enemy will dodge,
because the bullet wouldn’t fly straight.
“No-No way... I can’t possibly aim if it keeps jerking like this...”

Sinon weakly moaned, but a calm voice immediately rang beside
her ear,
“Don’t worry, it’ll stop shaking in 5 seconds. Listen up... 2, 1,
NOW!”
*BAM!*

The powerful shock came with a sudden sound, and the buggy
stopped shaking in a miraculous manner. It seemed that they were
flying in the air after being hit by something. Sinon glanced at the
ground from the corner of her eye, and found that there was a wedgedshaped sports car lying there like a ramp. Kirito let the buggy head to
this direction before he even turned around.
...Why is he so calm even in such a situation?

Immediately, Sinon asked in her heart, but she again denied her
own question.

...No, this has nothing to do with being calm. This person just did
what he could do. He never tried to find excuses for himself and chose to
fight with all he’s got. That’s—that’s this person’s real ability.
During the finals of the preliminaries yesterday, Sinon once asked
this to Kirito—with such ability, what he was still scared of.

However, this question itself was a huge error. No matter how
scared, troubled, or pained he was, he could still move on. That was the
169

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

real «strength». He could only choose over whether he should get
better or not, whether to fire or not.
Of course, she couldn’t be as strong as Kirito. But at least for
now—she wanted to at least give it her all.

Sinon bet on all her heart, to squeeze her finger that’s placed
against the trigger of her beloved gun.

This mere slight adjustment of the trigger felt extremely heavy.
However, with the support of that warming hand, Sinon’s finger finally
squeezed it slowly. The reticle that appeared in her sights started to
shrink, but half of the enemy was still outside the circle.
She probably, no, definitely won’t be able to hit the target.

Having fought for so long as a sniper, this was the first time Sinon
had such a thought as she squeezed the trigger.

Like an unpleasant nauseous feeling that was about to be puked
out, her beloved gun Hecate II shot the bright flame from the muffler,
shooting a loud bang she never heard before.

Still in an unstable state, Sinon couldn’t hold back the recoil
effectively as she jerked back, but Kirito held her steadily. The buggy
jumped over the top and started falling, and Sinon could only stare
wide-eyed on the vehicle and watch the bullet fly. Under the sunset, the
spinning line grazed the riding Death God with the nearest of misses
and went by his right.
—I missed...

There were still bullets inside the magazine, but Sinon didn’t even
have the strength to pull the bolt down and could only mutter.
170

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

However, perhaps the pride of this «Goddess of the Underworld»
wouldn’t allow this bullet to miss completely as the anti-tank sniper
rifle didn’t leave a useless hole in the asphalt, but went into the truck
that was lying on the road.

In GGO, all the artificial objects that were placed battle zones
seemed to be there for players to use as cover. But as expected of a
game that used MMORPG and FPS elements, each artificial object had a
little trap. Like how a gas tank or a large machine may be lit on fire or
even explode once they take a certain amount of damage. With such a
chance, the old abandoned vehicle that was placed on the road may
have some gas inside the fuel tank. Once it got hit by the bullet—
The large truck started to let out small sparks.

Death Gun, who was just ready to move beside the truck,
immediately intended to let the mechanical horse jump to the other
side after noticing it.

But before he could do that, a large fireball exploded, and the
orange glow immediately swallowed the bus and horse.

The three-wheeler buggy that finished its jump landed at this
moment, and as it landed, the tremendous bounce and the powerful
impact that shook the entire main road occurred at the same time.
Even though the scene of explosion couldn’t be seen because of the
sports car that acted as a platform, Kirito and Sinon still witnessed the
mechanical horse scattered into pieces in the pillar of fire.
—Did I take him down...?

Sinon had this thought for a moment but immediately shook it off.
How could an explosion of an obstacle kill a Death God? The most it
171

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

could do was to buy some time, but to them, this was really a great
miracle.

Kirito, who again turned to look in front, first tried to steady the
buggy that was about to collapse sideways, and then continued to
accelerate.

Sinon collapsed onto the seat and watched the smoke float up into
the purple sunset. She couldn’t think anymore, and could only let her
body jerk along with the racing buggy.
The number of buildings and abandoned vehicles on both left and right
sides started to decrease, and the natural rocks and mysterious plants
started to take over. Once she recovered, she found that the threewheeler buggy had already passed through the center of the lone
island and arrived in the desert in the north.

The path went from the damaged asphalt road to a mere gravel
path that was hardened by compression. The three-wheeler buggy
started jerking more and more, and Kirito could only slow down and
cautiously move the buggy through the sand dunes.

Sinon was merely counting the number of big cacti that were
around them, but seemed to realize something as she looked at her left
hand. The long and thin needles showed that the current time was
9:12pm. What shocked her was that they merely spent about 10
minutes moving from the riverbank in the south of the streets to the
ruins and up till here.

But during this short time, the finals of the BoB—no, this game
called GGO had a tremendous change in definition to Sinon.

172

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

As she used her slightly cool head to think through, she knew that
the player called «Death Gun» couldn’t be the man she shot in that post
office robbery incident a long time ago. The «Type-54 Blackstar» that
caused Sinon to think that way wasn’t a really popular gun, but it
wasn’t some rare weapon and was rather cheap. Maybe Death Gun
merely chose it as his support weapon out of coincidence.

The problem was that she could immediately feel fearful, timid
and it could even trigger her phobia once she saw that gun.

Sinon had treated those enemies in this world who use the
Blackstar as one of her goals. She believed that she could calmly fight
against them even if that gun was pointed at her, and finally bury it
amongst the many targets Sinon shot down in the past.

But she was ever so awkward when she met it for real. The effects
of the stun bullet was completely gone, but she just felt rather slow all
over, and her hands couldn’t help but continue to tremble. Even the
familiar weight of the Hecate she carried just felt like a burden.
—Everything was a lie, I was just fooling myself. The large amounts
of kills I got, and this thought that it could prove my ability, they were
completely meaningless...

As Sinon was feeling dispirited, the wheels suddenly skidded, and
the buggy then stopped. Kirito’s sturdy voice rang from behind her,
“Ahh... how can we find a hiding place in the midst of a vast
desert?...”

On hearing those words, Sinon started thinking. Kirito was
already severely injured after coming to save Sinon while she was
numb. Now he should be thinking of hiding in the desert and use the
first-aid pack that was given to all the players to recover their HP.

173

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

However, that equipment’s healing effect was rather slow. If he intend
to recover safely, it wouldn’t be enough to hide behind the sand dunes
or the cacti.
Sinon held up her still blurry head and looked around. As she
found that reddish-brown rocky hill slightly far away, she slowly
pointed there,
“...There should be a cave there.”

“Ah, that’s right. You said that there are caves to avoid the
Satellite Scanner in the desert.”

Kirito quickly answered and turned the buggy off the road. A bit
later they reached the rocky hill and circled around it. Like what Sinon
expected, they discovered a huge hole at the north side. Kirito slowed
down and brought the entire buggy inside.

The hole was rather big, and there was still a lot of space once
they drove the vehicle over to a place that couldn’t be seen from the
entrance. Though the inside was dark, the sunset that was reflected on
the wall would still allow the five fingers to be seen.
Kirito turned off the engine, stretched his body out on the sandy
floor and turned to look back at Sinon.

“We’ll hide from the next scan here—ah, wouldn’t our device not
receive the satellite information?”

On hearing that unnecessary question, Sinon couldn’t help but
give a wry smile. She got off the buggy with weak legs, arrived near the
granite wall, sat down and said,
“...Of course. If other players were nearby. They would try their
luck by throwing a grenade, and both of us will be dead inside.”

174

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“I see. But at least it’s better than removing all my equipment and
swim underwater... and speaking of water...”

Kirito left the buggy and glanced at the entrance of the cave
before saying,

“«That guy» just appeared beside you, right? Does that mantle
have some sort of ability to make him invisible? He disappeared at the
bridge, the satellite couldn’t get any visual on him. Maybe it’s not that
he swam but used that ability...”

“...I guess so. That’s a unique ability called «Metamaterial Optical
Camouflage». It’s normally reserved for boss monsters... but it’s not
strange to have such an equipment with an effect like that.”

Saying till here, Sinon finally understood what Kirito was worried
about. She looked inside the cave of the entrance and then softly said,

“...I guess it’s alright here. There’s sand all over the ground, so
someone invisible can’t hide their footsteps, and will also leave
footprints. He can’t appear suddenly like just now.”
“I see, but we better prick our ears.”

Kirito finally seemed relaxed and then sat slightly far away on
Sinon’s right side. He took out the first-aid kit from his belt pouch and
tipped the front on his neck in a stiff motion before pressing the button
on the other side. A light ‘zzz’ sound could be heard, and the red light
that showed the recovery effect covered Kirito entirely. A first-aid kit
could recover 30% HP, but will take 180 seconds, so it was
meaningless to do this in battle.

After turning her eyes from the right side, Sinon again looked at
her watch. The time now was 9:15pm, which was the fifth Satellite
Scan. However, like what Kirito said just now, as the electric pulses

175

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

that were sent over by the satellite couldn’t reach inside this hole, the
map on the receiver wouldn’t show any data.

The last tournament’s battle royale started at 8pm, and it ended
with the last survivor «Zekushiido» taking on «Yamikaze» and winning
to put an end to this. The overall time was slightly more than 2 hours.
Assuming that the progress rate was the same this time, there should
be around 10 players left. In the last tournament, Sinon became the 8th
casualty after merely 20 minutes, so this would far exceed her previous
record. However, she wasn’t happy at all.

Sinon put her left hand down, leaned her back on the cave wall
and muttered,

“...Do you think... that «Death Gun» could have died in that
explosion?”

She knew deep inside that there was only a minimal possibility,
but couldn’t help but ask for Kirito’s view. After a while, Kirito
answered softly,

“No... I saw him jump off the mechanical horse before the truck
exploded. Though he couldn’t be unscathed... I don’t think he’ll die like
this...”
Any player who would get involved in such an explosion should
have taken a lot of damage.
Any ordinary player maybe.

But that guy was definitely not ordinary. The mantle guy used the
«Blackstar» to kill Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, and Pale Rider was
most likely dead. Maybe he was a wandering spirit in the network.
However, Sinon obviously didn’t say this out loud. She merely
176

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

answered, “I see” , and then placed the Hecate onto the sandy floor
beside her, cupping her knees together.
Sinon lowered her head and asked another question,

“How did you come and save me at the stadium so quickly just
now? Didn’t you reach the outside top wall?”

Kirito seemed to give a wry smile. Sinon looked beside her, and
found that the lightsaber warrior was still leaning on the wall, both
hands behind his head.

“...I knew we were mistaken the moment I saw that «Jyuushi X»
we thought was Death Gun...”
“...Why?”

“Because that person looked like a real girl no matter what, not
like this male character of mine which looks so feminine.”

On hearing that somewhat unexpected answer, Sinon muttered “I
see” . Kirito nodded his head slightly and gave a somewhat bitter
expression.

“At that moment, I knew that we left out something very big... on
thinking that Death Gun could attack you, I forced my way to slash her
when she was introducing herself. I should apologize to her later.. On a
side note, her name had to be pronounced as «Musketeer X».”
“Oh...”

Sinon again responded, and then guessed whether Kirito was
going to apologize because his battle method was too forceful or that
the other party was a girl. But just when she was about to ask, Kirito
carried on,
177

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“I took a hit, but still managed to take her down. Looking south
from atop the stadium, I found you lying on the floor... once I saw that
things were bad, I immediately grabbed the large sniper rifle and
smoke grenade Musketeer-san dropped and jumped from the
perimeter. I fired and threw the grenade and then ran at that person...”

Kirito then shrugged as he said till here, seemingly indicating ‘you
know the rest’.
In other words, the two bullet scars on Kirito were from
Musketeer X’s snipe and the L115 from Death Gun. Though he said that
in a rather easy manner, the lightsaber warrior had been shot twice
after defending flawlessly against Xiahou Dun, which showed that he
didn’t even care for his own safety when he went to save Sinon.

On the other hand—looking back at that situation, Sinon
obviously pulled Kirito down. Even though Death Gun had the
unexpected unique equipment «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage»,
Sinon could have dodged that stun bullet if she noticed the movement
behind her. If she met up with Kirito without being paralyzed, they
could even use this chance to take down Death Gun.
Of course, that was if Death Gun wasn’t a dead soul but an
ordinary player.

Feeling troubled and weak, Sinon dejectedly rested her forehead
on her kneecap. She felt Kirito close in and say in a soft voice,
“You don’t have to be so hard on yourself.”

“...”

Sinon sighed and waited for Kirito to continue.

178

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“I didn’t notice that guy was hiding nearby too. If our roles were
reversed, I would be the one who took the stun bullet—you would save
me at that point too, right, Sinon?”
That voice was ever so steady—

Yet it made Sinon feel extremely hurt deep inside. She forcefully
closed her eyes and muttered to herself.

This was a person she originally viewed as a rival... this enemy
who she thought she could fight against actually said such encouraging
words. Her failure, weakness were all seen by him... right now, he just
looked like he was appeasing a kid.
And what made Sinon unable to bear with this or even forgive
herself was that while she felt extremely humiliated, she had a huge
urge to accept his comfort.

Once she said her fears and pains that were tormenting her, and
reach her hand out to this boy who’s one meter away... that enigmatic
lightsaber warrior who had such sincerity inside, he would definitely
comfort this Sinon in the game... the real Shino with all his earnesty
and words. Maybe she could even get this «redemption» of that post
office robbery incident 5 years ago from him.

If she did that, the other icy cold-like sniper Sinon may
completely vanish. But speaking of which, how could she say her true
thoughts to someone she just met yesterday—and doesn’t even know
his real appearance. Sinon had never said her true thoughts to even
Shinkawa Kyouji, who was her friend for more than half a year.

As she was anxious, powerless , puzzled and messed up, the girl
could only continue to hug her own knees.
Just like that, after a few seconds...

179

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Kirito’s voice finally rang again.

“...I’m going then. Just rest here first, Sinon. Actually, I was really
hoping that you could log out... but you can’t do so during the
tournament...”
“Eh...”

Sinon lifted her face up instinctively. Kirito had already used the
stone wall to support his body and checked the remaining amount of
energy in the lightsaber.
“...You intend to fight... alone... against that Death Gun...?”

Once Sinon finished asking in a hoarse voice, the other person
nodded slightly but firmly.

“Un. That guy’s really strong. Even without the power of that
black handgun, his equipment and stats were already a headache. Most
importantly, the player’s own ability was rather unique too. To be
honest, it should be hard to take him down before the black handgun’s
fired. We were able to escape just now, but half of it was because it was
a miracle. If we get aimed at by him... I don’t have the confidence to
face him courageously. Maybe I may leave you and run away... so I can’t
take the risk of having you follow me.”
“...”

Sinon originally thought that this lightsaber warrior was
absolutely confident in his own abilities, so she couldn’t help but look
at his face after hearing this unexpected declaration. At this moment, a
glint appeared in the black eyes, showing the insecurity he never had.
“...Even you are scared of that guy?”

180

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

On hearing Sinon’s question, Kirito placed the lightsaber back
onto the belt pouch and gave a bitter smile.

“Yeah, of course. If it was the old me... even if I knew that I could
die, I would fight him with all I’ve got. But... I have a lot of things I want
to protect now. So I can’t die, I really don’t want to die...”
“Something, to protect...?”

“Yup. No matter whether it’s the virtual world... or the real world.”

He must be talking about the bonds with some people. Kirito was
different from Sinon, he had lots of friends who felt the same as him.
The girl felt a sharp pain inside her heart, and her words rushed out,
“...Then you might as well just hide here, right? We can’t
automatically log out in BoB, but we can leave when it’s just us and
someone else. Once we commit suicide to let the 3rd person win, the
tournament will be over.”

On hearing that, Kirito widened his eyes, but immediately smiled,
said ‘I see’, and shook his head. Sinon already expected that he would
have such a response.
“There is that method. But... I can’t do that. Death Gun should be
hiding somewhere and recovering his HP. If we let him go until the
tournament ends, who knows how many people he will kill...”
“...I see.”

“—You’re really strong.”

Even though he said that he had something he wanted to protect,
he didn’t lose any of his courage of risking his life to fight against the
Death God. And I don’t have these two things anymore.
181

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon could only smile weakly, thinking of what would happen to
her once she leaves this battlefield.

Sinon had already lost all her courage once she faced that black
handgun that Death Gun raised on the streets in the ruins. She cried
many times as she escaped and couldn’t even control her separate
identity, the Hecate. The ice sniper Sinon was on the brink of
disappearance.

If she continued to hide in the cave like this, she would never
believe in her own ability again. Her heart would shrink, her fingers
would stiffen, and it’s unlikely that she would ever hit something again.
Forget about overcoming that memory, the real her in the real
world would always worry about whether that man would appear
from the shadows of the night streets or the gaps between the door.
That would be the virtual and real worlds waiting for Sinon/Shino.
“...I...”

Sinon looked away from Kirito and said softly,
“I’m... not running away.”
“...Eh?”

“I’m not running away. I’ve decided not to hide around. I want to
go out and fight that guy.”

Kirito frowned, bent his upper body over to Sinon and whispered,

“You can’t Sinon. Once you get hit by that guy...you may really die.
I’m not just a complete melee-type player, I also have defensive skills.
You’re different. Your predicament would be far more dangerous than
mine if that invisible man attacks.”

182

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon shut her mouth for the moment, but soon after, spoke up
and concluded.
“It doesn’t matter even if I die.”

“...Eh...”

Kirito widened his eyes again, and Sinon said slowly,

“...Just now... I was really scared. Really scared that I would end up
dying like that. I got weaker than how I was 5 years ago... I even
embarrassed myself by screaming... I can’t take this. If this lingers on
anymore, I might as well die!”
“...It’s normal to be scared. Who’s not afraid of death?”

“I’m sick of being scared. I’m sick of living in fear... I’m sick of it—
I’m not going to ask you to accompany me, I can fight on my own.”
After saying that, Sinon’s weak arm started to exert force and got
ready to get up. However, that arm was grabbed by Kirito beside her.
He asked softly with a nervous voice,
“You’re saying that you want to fight alone and die alone...?”

“...That’s right. This is likely my fate...”

She made a cardinal sin, but wasn’t punished for it. Thus, that
man would come back to give her the punishment. Death Gun wasn’t a
dead soul—but a cause and effect. This was already decided.
“Let go of me... I’ve got to go...”

Sinon tried to shake off Kirito’s hand again, but he grabbed her
with even more force.
183

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

The black eyes were sparkling. Those small and beautiful lips
exploded with such intense words that didn’t fit the perfect
appearance at all,

“...You’re wrong. No one will die alone. Once someone dies, his
position in someone’s heart will vanish too. My heart already had your
existence, Sinon!”
“It’s not like I asked you to remember me... I, I never hoped to
have a relationship with anyone!”
“But haven’t we made contact with each other?”

Kirito raised Sinon’s hand and moved it in front of her.

At this moment, the intense emotions that were suppressed
inside Sinon’s icy heart suddenly exploded. She gritted her teeth and
used that other hand to grab Kirito’s collar.
“Then...”

The weakness of wanting to be comforted and the urge to be
destroyed created a feeling she never had before, causing her to say
these words out from deep within her. Sinon’s fiery gaze stared at
Kirito’s face and screamed,
“—THEN PROTECT ME FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!”

Her eyes suddenly twisted, and there was something hot flowing
down her face. Sinon then noticed that tears were already flowing out
from her eyes, dripping.

She shook aside the right hand that was being held and forcefully
clenched her fist to slam at Kirito’s chest. Twice, thrice, she exerted all
her strength onto Kirito’s body.
184

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

185

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“You don’t know anything at all... couldn’t do anything, so stop
acting like you know what’s going on! This... this is my battle, only
mine! Even if I lose, even if I die, no one has the right to lecture me! Or
rather, are you going to bear this responsibility with me? Can you...”

The right hand Sinon was just holding reached out in front of
Kirito. This hand once squeezed the trigger of a gun that was dyed in
blood and took someone’s life. Looking closely at the skin on it, she
could only see that this hand that once killed before still had the little
black dot that was caused by the gunpowder particles.

“Can... CAN YOU HOLD THIS HAND THAT KILLED SOMEONE
BEFORE!”

Lines of curses awakened from deep within Sinon’s memories. In
the classroom, she would hear ‘Don’t touch it, you murderer! You’ll
stain it with blood’ when she accidentally touched other people’s
personal belongings. Ever since that incident, Sinon never let anyone
touch her, not even once.

Sinon used the last of her strength to swing a punch. As the entire
island was in a battlefield that wasn’t protected, every single time
Kirito got punched, his HP would decrease little by little. However, he
didn’t do anything to evade.
“U...uu...”

Sinon’s tears fell like rain, and she couldn’t control them. She
immediately lowered her head to prevent others from seeing her
crying face, and in the end, her forehead ended up hitting Kirito’s chest.
Her left hand was still grabbing onto Kirito’s collar, leaning her
forehead onto Kirito’s chest with all she’s got, letting out a crying
sound from between the gritted teeth. Sinon was crying like a kid, but

186

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

she found it inexplicable that she actually had the ability to do this. She
couldn’t remember the last time she cried in front of someone.

Soon after, Kirito placed his hand on her right shoulder. However,
Sinon immediately clenched her fist and swept his hand aside.
“I HATE YOU... I HATE YOU THE MOST!!”

As she screamed, the imaginary tears continued to float, and they
were finally absorbed by Kirito’s thin chest.
It was unknown how long they maintained this position—

Sinon’s tears finally went dry, and she felt weak all over as if her
soul was scattered, and could only rest her entire body on the
lightsaber warrior’s slender body.

After having exposed the feelings she would definitely not allow
herself to reveal, the slight pain that came with it felt extremely
soothing. She then continued to put her head on the other person’s
shoulder and continued to pant.
After a while, Sinon broke the silence.

“...You’re really irritating... but at least let me lean on you.”

After she said that, Kirito merely answered ‘ok’. Sinon then
moved her body and laid down horizontally on the legs Kirito
stretched out. As she was still embarrassed about letting Kirito see her
face, Sinon turned her back to Kirito and saw the bullet scar that was
still left on the rear right side of the three-wheeler buggy’s rear fender,
and the last trace of sunset that crept in from outside the cave.
187

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Her mind was still confused, but it was different from how her
mind stopped when she was attacked by Death Gun; it was a seemingly
relaxed feeling. Unknowingly, she let out a sentence,
“I... I’ve killed someone before.”

Sinon continued without waiting for Kirito’s response,

“Not in the game... but in the real world. I really killed someone.
The cause was the robbery that happened in the suburb in the
northeast 5 years ago... the news reported that the culprit shot a
mailman and died after the gun chamber exploded. But in fact, that
wasn’t true. I was at the scene. I snatched the culprit’s gun and shot
him.”
“...5 years ago...?”

On hearing Kirito mutter his question, Sinon nodded her head.

“Un. I was 11 then... maybe I could do that because I was a kid
then. I had two broken teeth, two sprains on the arms, a back injury
and a dislocation of the right shoulder, but had no other injury. The
damage my body took could be healed... but there was a place that
couldn’t be healed.”
“...”

“After that, I would vomit or faint once I saw a gun. Even on the
TV, in the manga... or a fake pistol won’t do. Once I see a guy... my eyes
will immediately remember the face of that guy I killed... it was scary.
Really scary.”
“...But.”

“Yeah. But it’s alright in this world. The relapse wouldn’t happen...
and I even liked...”

188

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Sinon moved her eyes away, looking at the elegant figure of the
Hecate II that’s lying on the sand,

“...A few guns. So I felt that if I became the strongest in this world,
I would become strong in the real world and could forget about those
memories... but... when Death Gun attacked just now... I nearly
relapsed... that, that was really scary... Unknowingly, I wasn’t the
«Sinon» in the game but the me in the real world... so I have to fight
with that guy. If I can’t beat him... Sinon will vanish.”
She hugged her own body tightly.

“Of course I’m scared of death. But... but if I continue to live in fear,
I’ll be scared even when I’m dead. If I run away without fighting against
Death Gun and those memories, I will definitely become weaker than
before, and I will never be able to live an ordinary life again. So... so...”

Suddenly, a chilly air struck, causing Sinon to tremble violently. At
this moment...
“I...”

Unknowingly, Kirito started stammering like a weak kid who
didn’t know what to do,
“I...I killed people before.”

“Eh...”

Sinon, who was leaning tightly onto Kirito, felt his body tremble
for a split moment.
“...I did mention it before, right? That mantle guy and I... Death
Gun, we met in another game before.”
“...Y-Yeah.”

189

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“That game was called... «Sword Art Online». Have you heard of
it... before?”
“...”

Sinon already guessed the name of the game, but couldn’t help
but look up at Kirito’s face. The lightsaber warrior leaned his back on
the wall of the cave, and his eyes that lost all glow were looking above.

Of course, Sinon knew the name of that game. Or rather, there
was not any VRMMO player in all of Japan who would not know about
that game. That terrifying game trapped the consciousness of 10,000
people inside the game world for more than 2 years, and even took the
lives of 4,000 people.
“...Then, you’re...”

“That’s right, in terms of internet speak, I’m a so-called «Survivor
of SAO». That Death Gun’s the same too. Both him and I fought each
other, and we tried to kill each other.”

Kirito’s eyes looked like they were looking afar in the distant past,
moving about in mid-air.

“That guy was part of a Red guild called «Laughing Coffin». In SAO,
we designate colors and call criminals «Orange Players», and thief
guilds would be «Orange Guilds»...amongst them, those who revel in
killing were called «Red Guilds». Those guilds...have a lot of people who
enjoyed killing people.”

“Bu-But...in that game, wouldn’t it mean real death if your HP
becomes zero...?”

“That’s right, but they killed because of that reason...to certain
players, killing was their greatest pleasure. Laughing Coffin was such a

190

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

group. They killed other players in unprotected battlefields or mazes,
took their money and equipment before killing them mercilessly. Of
course, the ordinary players started to be wary of them, but these
people still continued to think of new ways to kill, causing the number
of victims to continue to rise.”
“...”

“Thus, the ordinary players finally formed mass-crusades against
them...and I was one of them. It was a crusade, but we didn’t really
need to kill them. We just wanted them to be unable to resist before
sending them to jail. We tried all we could to find their base, gathered
many high-leveled players who would not have any problems and
launched our raid at midnight. However... I don’t know how the info
was leaked. The enemy had already set traps in the base and waited for
us to enter...we finally managed to regroup ourselves, but in this
abnormally chaotic battle...I...”
Kirito’s body trembled violently again. He widened his eyes, and
his breathing became harder.

“I personally killed two Laughing Coffin members. One by hacking
him on the head with my sword...the other was a stab right in the heart.
I only planned to lock them inside jail, but I forgot all about it and just
lost myself...no, that was just an excuse. If I really wanted to, I could
definitely stop my sword...but I could only continue to swing my sword
in fear and anger, and to be honest, I’m no different from those guys.
No, in a certain sense, my guilt’s greater than them because...”

Kirito forcefully took a deep breath before exhaling, and silently
continued,

“Because I forced myself to forget what I previously did. I killed
another member a long time after I killed those two people...and once I

191

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

returned back to the real world, I never thought of them. That was until
I met Death Gun at the presidential area waiting dome...”

“...Then, Death Gun’s part of that group you fought
against...«Laughing Coffin»...”

“Yes. He should be one of the members who survived in the raid
and was locked up by us. I still remember his presence and how he
spoke. Just a little...a little more, and I can remember his name from
back then...”

This time, he forcefully closed his eyes and used his right fist to
press against his forehead. Sinon, who was lying on Kirito’s knees,
stared at him for quite a while.
This boy called Kirito was once a player of «Sword Art Online».

He gambled his real life in that world and continued to fight for
two years.

Sinon herself could guess this already, but it was still strangely
heavy-hearted to hear him say this. She could still remember Kirito’s
question yesterday from deep inside her ears.

—If your bullet can really kill a player in the real world...and he
would kill you or someone else close to you if you don’t kill him, can you
still squeeze the trigger without hesitation in such a situation?

Kirito was a person who went through that. In a certain sense,
this was extremely similar to the post office robbery incident where
Shino was attacked 5 years ago—
“...Kirito.”

Sinon supported her body and forcefully grabbed Kirito on the
shoulders. The boy’s eyes looked somewhat lost as if he was looking

192

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

somewhere distant in the past. However, Sinon still brought her face
close to force the other party to look at her, and said with a hoarse
voice,

“...I can’t judge what you did in the past...and I don’t have the right
to. So actually, I don’t have the right to say this...but please tell me...how
did you overcome those memories? How did you beat it? How did you
become so strong...?”

This was really a rather cruel and selfish thing to say to someone
who just revealed his own guilt. However, Sinon really couldn’t stop
herself from asking. Though Kirito was so self-loathing that he ‘forced
himself to forget’, she couldn’t do that.
However—

Kirito blinked twice, thrice, a few times and stared at Sinon’s eyes,
and he then shook his head and said,
“...I didn’t overcome it.”
“Eh...”

“Last night, I continued to remember that battle against Laughing
Coffin and the 3 people who died under my blade, and I nearly couldn’t
sleep at all. Those people, when they were about to disappear...their
expressions, voices, last words, I guess I wouldn’t be able to forget
about them...”
“How...how is it...”

Sinon could only mutter blankly,

“Then...wha...what am I supposed to do...I...I...”

‘—Am I going to be like this for the rest of my life?
193

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

This declaration was really too cruel to her.

Was all her hard work wasted? Wouldn’t that mean that even if
they leave this cave, beat Death Gun and win, Shino in the current
world would have to continue to live in pain—was that it...?
“However, Sinon—”

Kirito moved his right hand and covered one of Sinon’s hands that
were grabbing his shoulders.
“I feel that it’s normal. I lost my sanity and killed with my own
two hands, but I got praised instead of being punished. Nobody wanted
to judge me, and nobody taught me a way to redeem myself. Up till
now, I had never really looked at what I did, and just forced myself to
forget. But I was wrong. The fact that I did that, I personally slayed
them with these hands of mine...I should accept them directly, consider
the significance and seriousness. Right now, I feel that this is the least I
could do to compensate within my abilities...”
“...Accepting...and reflecting on them...I can’t do that...”

“No matter how you try to distance yourself from it, the past will
never disappear, and our memories will never really vanish. Even
so...we can only face it head on and work hard so that we can one day
accept it.”
“...”

Sinon’s arms lost their strength and she collapsed onto Kirito,
who was lying down. She leaned her back and head onto Kirito and
looked up at the roof of the cave.

To face that memory head on and fight; Sinon didn’t think that
she could do that. The path Kirito found belonged only to him, and she

194

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

needed to find another way to settle her own problems. Even though
Sinon thought of these, Kirito’s words finally broke through one
trouble of hers. The sniper girl turned her eyes to the face that was
rather pale in that slightly dark place, and then said,
“...«Death Gun»...”

“Hm?”

“So that guy under the mantle was a real person after all.”

“Of course. He’s definitely one of the top players of the ex«Laughing Coffin». If I can remember his name in SAO, I can find his
real name and address in the real world. To be honest, this is the real
reason why I came to this world.”
“...I see...”

At least she knew that the mantle guy wasn’t a lingering dead soul
that awoke in Sinon’s memories. She frowned, thought and continued,
“So that guy couldn’t forget about what happened in SAO, wanted
to PK and came over to GGO...?”

“I don’t think that was merely the case...that guy chose to take
action when many people were looking, no matter whether he was
shooting «Zekushiido», «Usujio Tarako» or eliminating «Pale Rider».
That exaggerated Cross sign was performed to an unspecified lot of
audience. He should be indicating...that he had the ability to kill in the
game...”

“...But how did he do it...between the AmuSphere and the first
generation...Nerve Gear, was it? The AmuSphere was different from the
first generation, right, so it was designed not to let out dangerous
electromagnetic waves, right?”

195

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“That should be the case...but, according to the person who
requested me to come to this world, the cause of death on Zekushiido
and Usujio Tarako wasn’t brain damage, but heart failure...”
“Eh...heart...?”

On raising this question, Sinon felt a chill brush past, making her
tremble slightly. Even though she felt that it wasn’t really possible, she
wanted to say out what she thought.
“...You’re saying that...he used some curse or supernatural
power...to kill them...?”

Sinon felt that she would be laughed at if she said it, but Kirito
merely looked back at her with a tense expression.

“To be honest...I don’t know how he killed them without knowing
the player controlling the mantle avatar in the real world and
investigate him. I don’t think that randomly shooting in the virtual
world would make a player’s heart in the real world stop...no,
wait...speaking of which....”
This may be a habit Kirito had as he used his fingers to stroke his
slender chin and shut up. On seeing Sinon giving him a puzzled look
while lying on his knees, he said with an ambiguous expression,
“...That’s really strange...”

“What’s strange...?”

“In the ruins just now, why did Death Gun not use that black
handgun to shoot me and use that sniper rifle instead? We were really
close just now, and the handgun should be more powerful, right?
Beside, it could kill the enemy in one shot. To be honest, I couldn’t even
196

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

dodge a sniper shot. If that guy used the black handgun, I should be
killed by him already...”

Though it was somewhat shocking to see him have the courage to
consider the possibility of his own death, Sinon still said her thoughts,

“Maybe it’s because there was no time to draw the Cross...? Before
shooting the Blackstar...ah, that handgun’s called «Type-54 Blackstar»...”
Feeling suffocated the moment she said this name, Sinon
continued,.

“...Does he have to draw the Cross before firing the Blackstar, or
was it that he couldn’t kill if he didn’t complete the Cross...?”

“Un...but when we were running away, that guy did use the
Blackstar to shoot you, right? How could he draw the Cross on the
horse?”

The moment Kirito said that, Sinon glanced at the three-wheeler
buggy beside her. The bullet scar on the rear fender wasn’t the .338
Lapua Magnum, but the smaller 7.62mm bullet. Speaking of which,
Sinon herself did see Death Gun pull the Blackstar and shoot without
drawing the cross.
“That’s true...it did happen.”

“In other words, Death Gun did have the chance to kill me, but
didn’t shoot at me. No, he doesn’t have any reason to let me go. I won in
the preliminaries...to be honest, I’m the more eye-catching one...”
“Sorry for not being so attractive looking.”

Sinon gave a left elbow jab at Kirito’s abdomen and made him
cough dryly.
197

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“Then, let’s make it that both of us are eye catching. But anyway,
it’s not that the guy didn’t shoot me, but that there was a reason why
he didn’t do so...”
“Hmm...”

Sinon moved her body and slumped on Kirito’s legs, putting her
cupped hands onto her head. Even though the annoyance she had with
the boy never decreased, right now, she needed the heat transfer
between avatars to chase the black fear away from her. Feeling
somewhat safe now, she slowly gained back her peaceful mind and
continued to think.
“...Speaking of which, something was weird just now....”

“Just now?”

“At that metal bridge. That guy did use the Blackstar to shoot Pale
Rider, yet ignored Dyne who was left helpless beside, right? I thought
Dyne would be shot too...”
“Yes...but he was already dead that time, right?”

“He was dead, but actually, it was just that his HP was zero and
that he could not move. His avatar was still there, so his own
consciousness was still there. If it’s a power that exceeds the game, it
doesn’t matter if the HP was there or not, right?”
On hearing Sinon mention that, Kirito pondered for a while and
then said,

“...That’s true. It’s weird now that you mentioned it. Like the ruins
just now, Death Gun only attacked Pale Rider and not Dyne at the
bridge...”
198

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“In other words...you and Dyne, Pale Rider and me, we have
common points. This player designates between those who he could
attack and those he couldn’t attack...”

Sinon pondered and muttered. Kirito nodded his head, and the
shaking reached her body.

“Yeah, you can put it that way. If we think through it, Zekushiido
and Usujio Tarako should have similar conditions to you and Pale
Rider...maybe it’s ability or ranking...”

“Pale Rider’s strong, but he didn’t take part in the last tournament.
As for BoB ranking, Dyne was in front of me.”
“Then...maybe it’s because of another specific event?”

“I don’t think so. Dyne and I were in the same squadron, so we
trained together a few times. But I’d never even heard of Pale Rider’s
name, let alone met him.”
“What about Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako?”

On hearing Kirito’s question, Sinon could only turn her body over
and give a wry smile. She looked at the serious expression on that
pretty face, shrugged her shoulders and answered,
“Those two were famous, on a completely different level from
Dyne and me...Zekushiido was the winner of the last tournament, so
Usujio Tarako was 5th or 6th, but he was the leader of the largest
squadron in this game. I only talked to him once or twice.”
“Uu...Then, it should be equipment or stats...”

“Our equipment are all different. You know that I use a sniper
rifle, and Pale Rider uses a shotgun. Zekushiido probably uses the
199

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

extremely rare XM29 assault rifle, and Usujio Tarako uses the light
machine gun Enfield. As for stats...ah.”
“Hm?”

Sinon seemed like she wanted to explain to the puzzled Kirito as
she touched her eyebrows before continuing.

“It’s not really a common point...if I have to say it, it’s «all those
who don’t focus on AGI» But that’s a little far-fetched...some of us focus
on STR, and some focus on VIT...”
“Yeah...”

Kirito curled his beautiful lips and continued to scratch his head.

“So he just randomly picked targets without reason, is it...for
some reason...I feel that there’s a certain reason...did you say that you
once talked to Usujio tarako? What did you say to him?”
“Well...”

Sinon racked her thinned memory as she cupped her hands
between her head and Kirito’s legs to act as a pillow. This should be a
form of a lap pillow, right? Thinking till here, she started to feel
embarrassed. But still, she shook her embarrassment aside with an
excuse ‘it’s urgent now’.

Thinking about it carefully, she found that she realized the she
never touched other people like that for so long. It was like she put the
burden in heart together with her own weight on him, and her heart
just felt unbelievably safe. Just when Sinon secretly hoped that this
could continue, the seemingly weak smile of Shinkawa Kyouji suddenly
appeared in her mind, which made her rather sorry. If she could return
200

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

safely to the real world, she would open her walled up heart to him and
talk with him...
“—Oi, Sinon, what’s with you and Usujio Tarako...”
“Ah, um...yeah.”

Sinon blinked and shook that fleeting thought away before
searching that distant memory of hers again.

“...We really talked only a little bit. I remember...after the last
tournament, once we returned to the first level of the presidential
building, I met him at the entrance. We started talking for about 2, 3
minutes, about what prize we want...I never met him directly in the
battlefield, so that was just random banter.”

“I see. Death Gun never appeared in the last tournament...was he
angry that he didn’t get the prize...it doesn’t seem useful to speculate
about baseless things.”

Kirito sighed. He blinked a few times to change his mood and then
lowered his head to look at Sinon.

“Speaking of which, I never checked out the prizes...what did you
get in the end?”
On hearing Kirito suddenly change the topic, Sinon was
somewhat impressed that he would want to know about the prizes at
this moment and answered,

“Ah~that could be chosen. We could choose according to our
ranking...our rankings are rather good this time, so we should be able
to get something good. Of course, we have to get back safely.”
“Like what?”

201

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“Of course, guns and defense equipment...or else it would be
unique colored dyes or clothing that people can’t buy. However, it
doesn’t seem to be really good, just catchy-looking. They would even
send model guns from the game.”
“Model guns? In other words, not equipment in the games, but
something you can get in the real world?”

“Yeah. I got a really low rank during the last tournament, so I
couldn’t get any great equipment. I chose the model gun. Speaking of
which, Usujio Tarako said that he chose a model gun too...it was just a
toy, but it used metal, and the finishing was very good. Shin...Spiegel
said this to me. But I...”

On remembering the pathetic state of the model gun she held in
her hands a few days ago, Sinon’s face couldn’t help but give a wry
smile.

“—I always kept it inside the drawer and never looked at it
carefully.”

But Kirito seemed to notice something else and didn’t notice the
expression on Sinon’s face.
tone.

“Getting a prize...in the real world...?”

He first whispered to himself softly, and then said in a serious

“That model gun was sent over by the operating company from
America, right?”

“Yeah, through EMS, so a lot of shipping fees must be involved.
Can Zasker really earn money like this...”

202

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

The moment Sinon finished saying that, she looked at Kirito’s
face—but couldn’t help but blink. She saw the lightsaber warrior biting
his lips and looking up at a certain point. It didn’t seem that he was
thinking about what prize he could get.
“Wha...what’s wrong? What are you thinking?”

“...EMS... but—when I logged into GGO a while back, the system
only requested for the player to provide the email, gender and age for
our particulars. How did the operating company know about the
participants’ addresses...”
“Have you forgotten?”

Sinon, who was lying down, raised her hands in a somewhat
impatient manner,

“During the BoB preliminaries yesterday. When we had to
register at the operating machine at the first level of the presidential
building, there was also a blank line to fill our real addresses and
names, right? There should be other terms and conditions there. We
can register without filling in the address, but we may be unable to get
our prizes. You didn’t fill it up, right? You can’t fill it later, so you can’t
get the model gun—eh, eh?”

Kirito suddenly placed his hand on Sinon’s right shoulder and
then brought his face over, causing her to make a strange sound. The
girl froze as she thought that this person was about to do something
shameful, but of course, that wasn’t the case—
The lightsaber warrior gave a serious expression like never
before and raised a new question. But Sinon couldn’t understand the
importance of this question.
“What did Dyne get in the last tournament?”

203

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“We-well... I remember it was equipment in the game. He once
showed it to me before, a coat that had ridiculous colors.”
“What about Zekushiido?”

“Who-who knows... He never talked to me before. How could I
know? But...I heard that the person himself demands on efficiency, so
shouldn’t be appearance and stuff. Speaking of which, he could have
chosen the model gun too. I heard that the champion and third place
could get a large sniper rifle. But...so what?”

However, Kirito didn’t answer her question, and merely watched
Sinon’s eyes before sinking into deep thought.

“Not equipment in the virtual world...a model gun in the real
world...if this is the common point between Sinon, Pale Rider,
Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako...EMS addresses...machine at the
presidential estate...that place was...”

Kirito seemed to be daydreaming as he continued to murmur,
“...Optical camouflage...if...it wasn’t just on the practice field...”

The hand Kirito placed on Sinon’s right shoulder suddenly
became as stiff as stone. He widened his eyes, and his black eyes
continued to roll. The expression shown in his eyes was—shock? Or
was it fear?
Sinon couldn’t help but straighten her back and shout,
“WHA...WHAT HAPPENED. WHAT’S GOING ON?”

“Ahh...so it’s like this...so it was like this!”

A deep hoarse voice came out from between the bright red
bewitching lips,
204

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“I’ve...made a grave mistake...”

“Mis-Mistake?”

“...That when playing VRMMOs...the player’s consciousness is
moved from the real world to the virtual world, and the player then
talks, runs and fights inside...so I thought Death Gun most probably
killed his targets in this world...”
“That...that’s wrong...?”

“No, the player’s body and heart doesn’t move. What’s different
about the virtual world from the real world is that only the brain
accepts lots of information. The players wearing the AmuSphere
merely sees and hears the electric signals being transferred into digital
images and sound effects.”

“So...Zekushiido and the rest died at where the corpses were,
inside their own rooms. And the real killer was at those places...”
“Wha...what in the world are you trying to say...”

Kirito immediately closed his lips and opened them again. The
voice and presence he gave next seemed to reflect his inner fear as it
became a freezing air that brushed past Sinon’s face.

“«There’re two killers» The first one...that mantle guy attacks his
target in the game. The second person had already entered the target’s
room in the real world, and will attack the helpless players at the same
time.”

Sinon couldn’t immediately understand what Kirito meant when
he said that. She raised her upper body weakly, went into a dazed
phase before shaking her head in an interrupted manner, and then
continued,

205

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“But...how...how can that be possible? How do they know the
addresses of the players...”

“Didn’t you say it before? A model gun was sent to your house?”

“Then...then the culprit’s the operating company...? Or Death Gun
hacked into the database...?”

“No....that possibility is too small. Even if it was just an ordinary
player, he could still know the address of the real target. Once that
target’s a participant of the BoB tournament, and if the player chose a
model gun...”
“...”

“The presidential building. The players who hope for the
operating company to send the model guns to them would input their
real name and address over there, right? I was a little worried when I
registered... it wasn’t a single room, with a large open space behind,
right...?”

Sinon finally understood what Kirito was getting at and could
only hold her breath and shake her head.

“You’re saying...that he saw the image on the screen from behind?
That’s impossible. With the distance effect, he won’t be able to see the
words once there’s some distance, and someone will notice him if he
was so close.”
“But what if he used a scope or binoculars? Someone I knew
before said that she used a mirror to read the button code in the game.
If I look through some item, I can negate the distance effect, right?”
“What you’re saying is impossible. If so many people use some
binoculars that way, they would be kicked out by the GM and banned.

206

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

This is an American game. It’s rather strict with this like how it is with
regards to sexual harassment.”

But Kirito seemed to know how to argue back at this. The
lightsaber warrior brought his face closer and then used a soft voice to
raise his guess,

“If... What if, that mantle of Death Gun...that «Metamaterial Optical
Camouflage» can also work inside the city? The presidential lounge is
rather dark. Nobody would discover if they became transparent and
hid in the shadows, right? In that situation, if someone uses binoculars
or a scope to spy on the screen image...it’s possible to spot the address
and real name in the entered data, right...?”
“...!”

Invisibility—scope. With these two things, it was possible to do so.
Basically, the game menu window on default is that others couldn’t see
it, but the touchscreen-type terminals in the game could be used by
many people, so on the default mode anyone could see the contents.
Sinon herself did input her address and name when she registered for
the last tournament and this tournament with the anyone can see
mode. Was someone...no, rather, that Death God wearing the mantle
hiding behind her back then? Just to write down other people’s names
on the list of death?
Sinon really couldn’t accept this guess, and thus she continued to
try and argue back.

“...Even if they know our addresses in the real world...how can
they enter our rooms without a key? And, what about their families...?”

“If it’s just Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, both of them were living
alone...and they were staying in old apartments. I guess what’s

207

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

installed on the doors were first generation electric locks which
weren’t really safe. Also, when diving into GGO, the real physical body
would be in an unconscious state. Thus, no matter how much effort he
had to use to enter, he wouldn’t worry about being discovered...”
Kirito’s words made Sinon gasp.

Ordinary houses were only installed with the electric keyless
sensor lock like those on cars 7 to 8 years ago. Though it couldn’t be
broken through physically, the first generation locks’ electrowaves
were cracked and installed into a opening mechanism, making this
device seem like some master key that can unlock all sorts of doors.
Sinon remembered from the news in the past that this device could be
sold for a high price in the black market. After that, Sinon bought a
metal lock and an entrance keypad beside the electric lock, but still
couldn’t remove that uneasiness on her back.
«Death Gun» wasn’t some dead soul that was resurrected from
her past memories, and neither was he a game character with a
mysterious ability, but a real killer.

As this reasoning continued, the realism came with it, and Sinon’s
heart started to create another fear that was different from just now.
She felt pressured by this resistance she couldn’t explain, and said out
the final argument she could think of,
“Th-Then...the cause of death? You said it was heart failure, right?
Was there something that could cause the heart to stop and fool the
police and pathologists?”
“Maybe they inserted some drug...”

“Then...then they could just investigate to check it out, right? Like
some traces of drugs that were injected...”

208

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“...The corpses were only found after a few days, so the rotting
was rather serious. And... unfortunately, there are many incidents
where hardcore VRMMO players die of heart failure. They often won’t
eat and would only lie on the bed...if the room wasn’t broken into or if
there wasn’t any money stolen, there would be a high chance that it
would be determined to be natural death. The police seemed to have
investigated the head of deceased, but they probably never thought
that some drugs would be administered...if they never investigated this
right from the start, it’s unlikely for them to find this evidence.”
“...How is it possible...”

Sinon used both hands to grab Kirito’s jacket, continuing to shake
her head like some disobedient kid.

Planning so hard just to kill people meaninglessly—she really
couldn’t understand the mental state of the person. Sinon could only
feel a huge evil intent in that unlimited darkness.
“That’s crazy...”

On hearing Sinon mutter, Kirito nodded his head as well.

“Yeeah...it is crazy. I can’t understand it, but I think I could
imagine why he wanted to do this. This guy spent so much effort
probably to maintain his identity as a «Red Player». I...I could also feel
that I was still a «swordsman» fighting on the front lines in Aincrad...”
Sinon immediately imagined—that name that she never heard
before should be the floating city in the stage called «Sword Art
Online». Immediately she forgot her own fear and nodded her own
head.

“...I can understand...I can often see myself as a sniper...but if it’s
not just that mantle guy, but who is his accomplice....?”

209

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“Yeah, I think there’s a high chance that the guy is most likely a
survivor of SAO. Also, he may be a remnant of «Laughing Coffin»...both
of them must work together flawlessly to accomplish such a killer
plan...ah, don’t tell me...”

Sinon’s eyes immediately seemed to be asking Kirito who looked
like he discovered something.

“Nothing, it wasn’t anything much...it’s just that, the Cross action
that mantle guy drew...wasn’t just to show off to the audience, but also
some trick to check the time on his watch. He has to plan the «crime
moment» together with his accomplice in the real world. But it would
be too unnatural to look at the watch before firing.”
“I see...if a mini-watch is on the inside of the wrist, it would be
right in front of the eye once it touches the head...”

Sinon finally agreed with this assumption and nodded her head—

Her shoulders were suddenly grabbed by Kirito in front of her. He
slowly opened his mouth and gave an even serious expression,
“Sinon—do you, live alone?”
“Y...Yeah.”

“Did you lock up the door and put the chain on?”

“I lock the door other than the electronic lock...but my house’s the
initial version...as for the chain...”
Sinon frowned and continued to search her memory before she
dived in.
“...Maybe I didn’t lock up.”

“I see...then listen to me!”

210

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

As Sinon had never seen Kirito look so worried, her chest
immediately felt like it was stuffed with ice blocks and had a chilly
feeling throughout her deep inside.

No, I don’t want to listen on— though she thought this way, the
lips in front of her had no intention of stopping and said something
shocking,

“At the ruins, when we were at the stadium, Death Gun already
intended to use that gun after you were stunned. And...he really shot
the gun at you when he used the mechanical horse. In other
words...they were ready.”
“Ready...what...”

Sinon asked in a voice which nearly couldn’t be heard. Kirito
himself nodded and answered softly,

“...Right now, at this moment—perhaps, the accomplice of Death
Gun in the real world entered your room, and is waiting for the image
of when the gun hits you.”

After a long while, Sinon’s consciousness finally comprehended
what Kirito was saying.

The image around her immediately became blurry. The familiar
scene of her room appeared in her mind. She was looking down at her
6mat room like it was an illusion.

The wooden floor tiles that were often vacuumed, the light yellow
floor mat, the little wooden table.

The black table lined together with the similarly black pipe bed,
facing the wall on the west. The bedsheet was completely white, with
herself, still lying on the bed in a sweatshirt and shorts. At this moment,
211

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

her eyes were closed, and there was a machine on her forehead that
was made from twin-layered metal rings. Other than that—

There was also a black shadow stealthly standing there, watching
Shino who was dived in. That person who was covered in black
completely like a silhouette, but there was a single object that could be
seen clearly, in his right hand. It was of a cylindrical shape and made of
translucent glass, with a silver needle at its tip—a syringe full of
deathly liquid.
“No...no...”

Sinon turned her neck and moaned. Even if the illusion was gone
and she returned back to the cave, the glint of the needle in the
intruder’s hand was still in her eyes.
“No...that...”

This wasn’t just the simple emotion of ‘fear’. The intense emotion
to resist should be running all over inside her body, causing her to
continue to tremble. She couldn’t move, and couldn’t look around her.
She was that weak, yet there was someone she didn’t know watching
her inside her room. No—that wasn’t just it. That person could be
touching the skin...looking for the place to inject...
There was a sudden blockage feeling deep inside Sinon’s throat,
causing her to be unable to breathe. She straightened her back and
continued to gasp for air.
“Ah...ahhh...”

The light was leaving her, getting further and further away. A
rumbling cry rang in her ears. Her ‘soul’ seemed like it wanted to leave
her virtual body—
212

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“No, Sinon!”

Her wrists were suddenly held forcefully, and there was a
shocking voice that rang beside her.

“It’s dangerous to auto log out now! Let’s do our best...calm down!
It’s alright. You’re not in danger yet!”
“Ah...ahh...”

Sinon opened her eyes that couldn’t seem to concentrate, and her
arms continued to flail. Finally, she got the person who let the voice out.
Her arms were wrapped around the body which had warmth, only
wanting to hug that person.
She immediately had this strong and forceful arm grab her back,
exerting even more force to steady her. And the other hand reached
out, gently stroking Sinon’s hair.
The murmuring rang again,

“Before Death Gun’s handgun...the «Blackstar» hits you, the
intruder can’t hurt you. That’s the limitation these guys set. But if you
log out because of your heart rate or a change in body temperature,
there will be danger when you see the intruder’s face. So you have to
calm down first.”
“But...but...it’s scary...really scary...”

Sinon continued to cry like a kid and buried her face in Kirito’s
chest.

As the girl forcefully grabbed Kirito tightly, there was a weak but
regular heartbeat from that person.

Sinon continued to try her best to listen to this sound to chase
away the terrifying image in her mind. Tokun, tokun, almost a second

213

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

each worth of heartbeat entered her body. Sinon’s crazily beating heart
finally went back to being like a regular beat.
As she recovered, she realized that she seemed to be on the same
mental wavelength as Kirito, and her fear left her slightly. Even though
the fear within her didn’t vanish, the sanity that was enough to
suppress these emotions was recovering.
“...Have you calmed down yet?”

Behind her, Kirito’s deep voice rang as his hand was about to
leave Sinon’s back. However, Sinon shook her head slightly and said
softly,
“Let’s just leave it like this for the time being...alright...”

Though she didn’t hear the reply, the girl’s body again felt the
other party hugging her. Every time the slender hand patted her head,
there was a warm feeling that was melting the frozen heart of hers bit
by bit. Sinon took a deep breath, closed her eyes and relaxed her body.
After maintaining that position for several seconds, she blurted,
“...Your hand, it feels like my mother’s...”
“Mo-Mother’s? Not like your dad?”

“I have no impression of my dad. He died in a car accident when I
was a baby.”
“I see...”

Kirito’s answer was rather short. Sinon forcefully brought her
face near Kirito’s chest,
“—Tell me. What should we do?”

214

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

215

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Her voice was sturdier than what she imagined. Kirito stopped
the hand that was patting Sinon’s hair and immediately answered her,
“We’ll take Death Gun down. With that, the accomplice who’s
ready to kill you in the real world can’t do anything and leave. But you
just need to stay here. I’ll fight. That guy’s handgun can’t kill me.”
“Is that...really alright?”

“Yeah. I didn’t state my name and address when I registered, and I
didn’t dive in at my own house, and there’s even someone beside me.
Thus, I’m alright. I just need to beat that guy who broke the rules.”

“But...even without that «Blackstar», that mantle guy’s tough. You
saw him dodge the Hecate’s snipe even with a distance of 100m?
Maybe he can match you if it’s just dodging ability alone.”

“Truthfully, I don’t have the confidence to say that I’ll definitely
win...but the remaining choice, like what you said—we’ll hide here all
this time until there are 3 people, and both of us commit suicide...”

At this moment, Kirito glanced at the watch and Sinon looked at it
too. It’s 9:40pm. Unknowingly, the scan at 9:30 passed through. It’s
been about 25 minutes ever since they escaped to this hole.
Sinon looked at Kirito’s face and then shook her head slightly,

“I probably can’t hide here any longer. The other players should
have noticed that we’re hiding in a desert cave. There aren’t many of
them, so we may end up having grenade attacks. Or rather, we’ve been
lucky that we were safe for 30 minutes.”
“—I see...”

Kirito bit his lower lip and looked at the entrance of the cave.
Sinon watched the side of his face silently and said,

216

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“Since both of us worked together till now, let’s just fight together
until the end.”
“...But...if you’re hit by that handgun...”

“That thing was just an old single action handgun.”

Sinon was more or less shocked that these words came straight
out of her own mouth. That’s because that handgun—the «Type-54
Blackstar» was always the sign of the fear that tormented her.

No, the fear never vanished. If it was just a coincidence that Death
Gun chose the Blackstar as his split personality, that gun would be the
curse Sinon could never shake off. However, at least in this game, the
Type-54 handgun wasn’t some powerful weapon. It was the increase in
fear in her own heart that made her really afraid, that made her lose
her original fighting ability.
“—Even if he shoots me, you’ll just use that blade to easily knock
those bullets back away for me, right? Besides, its rapid fire rate is
several times less than an assault rifle.”

On seeing Sinon suppressed her own trembling and finish what
she wanted to say, Kirito gave her a smile that had worry and relief in
them.
“Good...I won’t let him hit you. But for safety reasons, you better
not appear in front of Death Gun.”

After using his hand to stop Sinon who was about to argue back,
Kirito continued,
“No, I’m definitely willing to fight with you. But Sinon, you’re a
sniper. Isn’t your specialty to snipe from afar?”
“That’s true...”

217

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

“Then let’s do this. During the next scan, I’ll appear outside to lure
Death Gun over. That guy must be hiding somewhere to snipe me. I’ll
then use that bullet to find his hiding place, and you shoot him. How
about it?”
“...You intend to be bait and spectator at the same time?”

Sinon could only grumble at this overly daring plan, but in terms
of their abilities, this may be the best option. A close-ranged type
working together with a far-ranged type would definitely cause one
side’s forces to be worn down.
Sinon took a hard deep breath and nodded her head,

“I got it. So be it then. But before that, you better not get shot to
death by Death Gun in one hit.”

“I, I’ll try my best...but that guy’s sniper rifle’s almost completely
silent, and I can’t see the initial bullet line.”

“I don’t know who said that he wanted to ‘predict the bullet line’.”

Both of them were still close together. In such a conversation,
Sinon felt that the fear that’s clinging onto her back was leaving slightly.

Maybe there was a killer who entered her room in the real
world—to be honest, she merely didn’t look or think about this scary
guess. Right now, she could only believe what Kirito said, that the
person couldn’t do anything once they take Death Gun down. Of course,
besides Kirito’s words, the virtual warmth he gave to Sinon brought
some comfort to her. She will have to leave the hole, separate from
Kirito and get into sniping mode alone. She didn’t know whether she
could maintain this current mental state. Thus, at least she should take
more of the other avatar’s warmth. Sinon leaned her body closer for
the last time.

218

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

At this moment, Kirito muttered in a surprised manner...

“Eh...let’s forget about that for now. Sinon, there was some red dot
blinking at the bottom right corner since just now...”
“Eh...”

On looking over, she could find that it was just as what Kirito said.
Sinon thought about what exactly he was talking about, but
immediately looked up at bulletspeed. As expected, the object was at
the top of the cave. She wanted to jump away from Kirito’s legs, but it
would be meaningless to do this now, and she could only sigh.
“Ahh...damn it, I was really careless...”

What was floating in the air—was something mysterious, a round
aquamarine concentric circle. However, that wasn’t a real object, but a
glowing object in the game. Kirito, who discovered the same thing,
tilted his head and asked,
“Eeh...what’s that...”

Sinon shrugged her shoulders and then answered,

“A live camera feed. It would normally show the footage of battles,
but now that there aren’t many people left, they would come over here.”
“Eh...damn it. Was our conversation just now...”

“Don’t worry. It won’t spread if we don’t shout or something—
How about we just wave our hands at them?”
Then, she continued with a cold and cruel voice,

“Or will you be troubled about letting some people see this
footage?”
219

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

On hearing this, a terrified look flashed over Kirito’s face, but he
immediately slipped through with a stiff face.
“Ah—...no...well...I guess you’re the one who should be worried.
Speaking of which, those who are seeing this would most likely think
that we’re girls, right?”
“Uu...”

That was right. After that, she might have to explain to others
what was going on. However—that was something that’s to be done
after they pass through this crisis.
Fuun, Sinon used her nose and snorted and said,

“—The one who panicked after discovering the camera had an
uglier look. I don’t really care. Well...if there was some rumor that I had
some strange liking, at least it would reduce a lot of troubles to me.”
“Do I have to act as a girl all the way?”

“Don’t say that you forgot. You asked me to lead you by dressing
as a girl...ah, it vanished!”

The outside audience can’t tell that we were making jabs at each
other after seeing us like that, right? As Sinon thought this, the object
that represented the live camera feed disappeared as it looked for a
new target.
Sinon sighed and then really supported her upper body.

“Ok...time’s almost up. There’s still two minutes till the next scan
through. I’ll stay inside the cave, an you go outside to check the device,
okay?”
Sinon said as she slowly got up before pulling up Kirito who she
used as a chair up till now.

220

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 12

Soon after taking a step back, the cold air of the desert
immediately covered her entire body, causing her to shrink her neck
back. She picked up her beloved gun beside her foot and then carried
the metal gun that had a tinge of warmth in the cold air.
“Ah...speaking of which...”

She looked up after hearing Kirito’s voice, and saw the lightsaber
warrior frown, looking like he was thinking about something.
“What else? There’s no time to alter our plan.”

“No...the plan goes on. What I want to say is...Death Gun’s real
name, or rather, the actual name of the character should be that
«Sterben».”

“Yes...right, that’s true. Who knows how he derived that name.”

“I’ll ask if I get a chance to fight him at close range. I’ll make a
move first then.”

The black-haired lightsaber warrior nodded his head as he
watched Sinon’s eyes. He then turned his slender body around and
walked towards the exit of the cave.

This cold feeling that couldn’t go away even though I’m carrying
Hecate, is it because I’m nervous about facing the final battle, or is it that
I’m in danger in the real world—or is it because Kirito left me? Sinon
couldn’t tell.

She brought her shoulders closer in, breathed in the dry desert air,
and then said to the profile that was gradually moving away,
“...Be careful.”

That profile’s back that was facing Sinon give a thumbs up on the
right hand to answer her reminder.

221

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

Chapter 13
Asuna fought against an increasing uneasiness as she continued
to wait for the moment to arrive.

Three minutes ago, she logged out from her room in Yggdrasil
City, went back to the Dicey Cafe in the real world and then dialed that
person’s number. After questioning that person and forcing him to log
into ALO, she went back to where everyone was gathered. It has been
less than a minute since she logged in, but each second just felt
extremely long.
“Calm down, Asuna...but you won’t be listening to me anyway.”

Sitting beside her on the sofa was Lisbeth, and once she said this,
Asuna then exhaled slightly before answering in a stiff voice,

“Un...sorry. But...I just have a bad feeling. Something big must
have happened for Kirito-kun to hide this «Laughing Coffin» incident
from us and convert to another world. This is definitely not because of
a grudge...maybe there’s something dangerous in the real world...”

“After seeing that just now...I can’t say that you were thinking too
much...”

What Lisbeth was referred to was the strange incident that
happened in the tournament event of the other world «Gun Gale
Online», which was airing on the large screen on the wall that’s facing
the sofa.

222

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

The player in a mantle used this chilling handgun to fire one shot
at the other player. And then, the player who was hit suddenly
disappeared because of a disconnection. And the live telecast they
were watching showed the mantle guy declaring to countless players
“Don’t forget. Nothing is, over. Nothing, is, over—it’s showtime—”

On hearing these words, Klein, who was in front of the bar
counter felt extremely shocked, but still indicated definitely that the
player under the mantle was a member of the SAO red guild «Laughing
Coffin».

During the two years they wandered in the floating city, Asuna
herself went through many large-scale battles, and the crusade alliance
against the Laughing Coffin members may be one of the most
dangerous ever. In a group battle of players vs players, there had never
been a case when more than 30 players died.

To be honest, Asuna herself had forgotten about the details of this
battle. However, what left the deepest impression on her was the back
profile of the «Black swordsman» that continued to swing his sword
like a devil as he stood right in front of the crusade that was about to
collapse. If it wasn’t for him—Kirito’s fighting, the crusade could have
been wiped out.
The duration of the battle was rather short compared to clearing
boss levels. After the deathmatch, there were about 10 casualties on
the crusaders side, and Laughing Coffin had more than 20 casualties.
They locked up the survivors of this red guild into the prison of the
Black Iron Castle and then held a little mourning for those who died in
battle—after that, nobody mentioned that battle again. No matter who
it was, Asuna, Klein or Kirito, everyone forgot about this in their own
way. That should have been the case...

223

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

...However, the unexpected thing was that it’s been a year after
SAO was cleared and every player was released, yet the bloodied past
appeared right in front of them in such a manner.

In the room, Asuna, Klein, Lisbeth, Silica and even Lyfa, who had
no direct connection to this continued to remain silent and wait,
waiting for the person who should know what was going on.

Another minute after Asuna logged in again, someone finally
knocked on the door. That person probably tried his best to log into
ALO after receiving contact. However, Lisbeth shouted ‘too slow!’ the
moment he opened the door, which did reflect the thoughts of the
other four people.

“...I, I flew over here directly from where I logged in. If ALO has a
speed limit, I’ll have my license revoked.”

The person who said such a joke was the Undine mage who was
like Asuna. His tall and skinny body was wearing a simple robe, and his
deep blue hair was casually scattered aside. His gentle and skinny face
was wearing silver round glasses.

The man’s avatar name was called «Chrysheight». And he, who’s
considered an ally of Asuna and the rest had been playing ALO for
almost 4 months. However, those who know that his name was formed
from the English words that could be translated from his name,
«Chrysanthemum» and «Height», were only Asuna and Kirito.

His name in the real world was Kikuoka Seijirou. He was a
member of the «Virtual Division» and also an investigator in the «SAO
Incident Countermeasure Team». He assisted Kirito in all sorts of ways
after he returned to the real world, and also helped save Asuna, so he
should be considered their savior. As for why this person, in such a
situation, would come over to ALO to create a new character, was

224

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

because he said that ‘I hope to play VRMMO to get more familiar with
you guys, Kirito’, only for Kirito to coldly state ‘I bet this is for
gathering information’. Asuna herself did feel that Kikuoka was a little
suspicious, but there was no real need to refuse him. Thus, he, who
wouldn’t log in often, fought with the rest of the party as an ally. Until
today, at this moment.

Chrysheight, no, once Kikuoka Seijirou closed the door, he went to
the middle fo the room in a familiar manner as compared to 4 months
ago.
Asuna stamped her boots and arrived in front of Kikuoka, looking
at his eyes that were as kind as the real world and simply asked,
“What happened?”

She called from Dicey Cafe, and said that she wanted to know
about why Kirito converted to GGO, so she invited him over to her
house in Yggdrasil. But as it was Sunday night, and Kikuoka was a civil
servant who’s single, it was a little to too much to ask of him. Luckily,
he was at home, so Asuna didn’t need to say even more forceful things
to him and managed to solve the problem. He said that he was at home,
but his voice sounded really soft on the phone, and the phone had an
even softer voice in the background. However, Asuna had no time to
think about this. Speaking of which, since he rushed over in less than 2
minutes, Asuna should be the one apologizing for asking him out so
suddenly, but the anxiety inside the girl made her ignore those words.

On hearing Asuna go straight into the topic, the eyes behind
Chrysheight’s delightful round spectacles suddenly blinked a few times.
Asuna, who was familiar with Kikuoka, knew that he wasn’t just
shocked, but that his mind was thinking quickly as he showed this
expression.
225

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

This mage who looked like a teacher coughed dryly a few times
before saying,

“If I have to explain it in details, it may take quite some time. To
be honest, I don’t know how to begin...”

Just when Asuna was about to give him the ‘don’t mess around’, a
little figure appeared from the shadows of the glass cups and teacups
on the table. The profile looked up at Kikuoka in an adamant manner,
“Let me help you explain it then.”

The owner of the voice was obviously Yui. That face which
normally had a cute expression showed a serious expression like
Kirito’s, and then she said in a silver-bell-like voice,

“The self-proclaimed «Death Gun», or the player «Death Gun»
started appearing in the world of «Gun Gale Online» from year 2025,
November 9. He shot at the screen in the bar area in the capital of GGO,
«SBC Gurokken»...”

Yui began with that and then explained the terrifying situation for
another two minutes.
Inside the «anti-crime code area» that makes attacks ineffective,
there were two seemingly meaningless shooting incidents. However,
what happened then were disconnections that seemed to be triggered
by the shooting. The two players who were hit never logged in again.
And—in the real world, there were two strange corpses which died at
the same time as the shooting.

“...As the news reports only mentioned that the deceased were
playing a VRMMO, I couldn’t tell if the game was GGO. But as the death
symptoms were way too similar, I didn’t need to hack into the morgue
network system to deduce that the two dead people were

226

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

«Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako». And also, I determined that «Pale
Rider», who was disconnected by «Death Gun» 6 minutes 40 seconds
ago should be dead in the real world.”

Saying till here, Yui closed her mouth and leaned on the glass cup
beside her. Asuna quickly reached her hand out to cover the pixie’s
little body and carried her in front of her chest.

From how she researched the public news on the internet, to
personal news, being able to make such conclusions and her language
ability to use perfect Japanese to say the data out, the AI Yui’s
completeness would be rather astounding. But speaking of which,
though Yui’s ability was outstanding, her emotion process wasn’t really
strong. When she was the SAO «Mental health counseling program»,
she nearly crumbled as she was unable to handle the fear, greed, evil
intent and negative thoughts that came from countless players.
To her, it should be a huge burden to find information about
«Death Gun» and process it. Though the urgent situation Yui talked
about brought a huge shock, Asuna still silently brought her lips over
to Yui and whispered ‘thank you’.
It seemed that Lyfa, Lisbeth, Silica and Klein, who were in the
same room were all shocked, so everyone remained silent.

At this moment, the one who first broke the silence was
Chrysheight’s sturdy words.

“...That was really shocking. I thought that this little thing was the
ALO support system «Navagiation Pixie»... but to gather so much
information and make conclusions at such a short time. Little girl...are
you interested in ra(Katakana:ラ as in the Japanese version)...no, do
you want to work for the «Virtual Division»?”
227

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

This bespectacled mage was glared at by Asuna after making a
careless joke. He immediately raised his hands and said in a defeated
tone,

“Sorry. I don’t want to beat about the bush now. What the little
girl explained...it’s all true. «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako» died
soon after they were shot by «Death Gun» because of serious heart
failure.”

“...Oi, Chrysheight-san. Are you the one who requested Kirito to
investigate? In other words, you knew about these murder incidents
but still asked Kirito to move over there?”

Chrysheight raised his right hand to gently stop Klein, who
jumped from the bar counter and approached him. At this moment, his
spectacles reflected light, hiding the expression under the lens.
“Hold on, Klein-shi. Kirito and I came to the conclusion that those
weren’t ‘murder cases’ after discussing these two incidents.”
“What do you want to say...?”

“Think about that, how do you kill people in a game?
AmuSphere’s not Nerve Gear. You people should know this best, right?
AmuSphere was designed to prevent any damage, so no matter what
method was used, it couldn’t harm the user’s head. It would be even
more impossible to stop the heart which wasn’t even directly
connected to the machine. Kirito and I discussed this last weekend in
the real world for a long time, and came to the conclusion that ‘A
gunshot in the game couldn’t even hurt a real body in the real world’.”

On hearing the words Kikuoka said as if he was calming a raging
student with calm and perfect logic, Klein could only growl as he went
back to the round chair.

228

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

Then, Lyfa’s hoarse voice broke the silence.

“Chrys-san. Why did you request onii-chan to enter GGO?”

The slender long legs reached out from Lyfa’s bright green
divided skirt as she stepped on the floor before standing up. Then this
top-notch swordsman amongst the Sylphs slowly closed in on Kikuoka
like it was a kendo match.
“...You should have felt before...no, you should have realized that
there’s something wrong now just like us, right? That player called
Death Gun has some terrifying secret.”
“...”

This time, Kikuoka finally went silent, and at this moment, Asuna
said a fact he shouldn’t have known.

“...Chrys-san, «Death Gun» is a survivor of SAO like us. And he was
also a member of the worst red guild, the «Laughing Coffin».”
The mage’s tall and skinny body jerked, and his thin lips gasped.

Even this high-ranking official had to feel shocked. His normally
narrow and kind eyes immediately widened. Two seconds later,
Chrysheight said with a deep tone,
“...Is this true?”

“Un. I can’t remember his name, but Klein and I can testify as we
had taken part in the «Laughing Coffin Crusade». In other
words...Death Gun didn’t kill in the game for the first time. Could you
call it a conincidence?”
“Bu...but...then, Asuna-kun, do you really think there was some
supernatural power or curse existing? Did Death Gun use some
supernatural power from SAO and used it to kill?”

229

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

“Well...”

Asuna could not nod her head immediately and could only bite
her lips.
During this time, Lisbeth used this opportunity to say,

“Asuna...does Chrysheight know about SAO? I heard that he was
an official involved with the internet in the real world and came to play
ALO to research on VRMMO...”

At this moment, Kikuoka himself unexpectedly nodded his head
to admit it. Maybe he never intended to keep his identity a secret. He
started explaining his position.

“You’re right, Lisbeth-kun. I used to work in another job though. I
was a member of the «SAO Case Victims Rescue Force» once. Even
so...we couldn’t think of any counter-action, and is just a group with no
real power...”

On hearing him say this, Lisbeth widened her eyes slightly,
showing a complicated look on her face.

Chrysheight acted like he didn’t do anything, but what he said
wasn’t true. The «Rescue Force» took action actively in November
2022 after the SAO incident happened, and quickly moved 10,000
victims over to hospitals all over the country. It was said that it was
hard to get rooms and fees, but the groups’ continued negotiation
through soft and hard means caused the government department to
take action. Asuna heard from Kirito that this Kikuoka was the center
of this group. Right now, all the survivors of the SAO knew about the
tough fight the «Rescue Force» did, and every single one of them was
grateful for what they did.
230

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

Being hard-pressed between the anger they had about him
requesting Kirito to do such a dangerous job and the fact that he
helped them before, Lisbeth and Klein could only remain silent. Asuna
herself represented everyone and said silently to Kikuoka,

“Chrysheight...I don’t know how Death Gun killed. However, I
can’t just let Kirito fight alone against this sworn enemy. You can find
the real address and name of this player who called himself Death Gun,
right? It’s not easy, but if we list out all the survivors of «Laughing
Coffin» and then checking whether their houses were linked to the GGO
server, or if you ask the contracted network server to provide data...”

“Ho, hold on. There has to be a warrant from the court before we
can do these, but it will take quite some time to explain the entire
situation...”
Kikouka raised his arms to comfort Asuna, but blinked as if he
noticed something and then shook his head weakly,

“No, this can’t be done. The data the Virtual Division has on SAO
players were the real names, character names and final levels. Their
guild name and their... number of human kills were unknown. Thus, we
can’t find his name and address in the real world just by knowing that
he was originally a member of «Laughing Coffin».”
“...”

Asuna bit her lips hard. She did have an impression on «Death
Gun» manner of speech and actions. She definitely saw him during the
crusade and when they were clearing up after the crusade. But no
matter what, she was unable to remember his name. No, she never
once thought of knowing his name as she wanted to quickly remove
the memory of that guild...
231

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

“—Onii-chan must still be in the battlefield to remember his
name.”
Lyfa suddenly said this.

In a certain sense, this girl was closer to Kirito in the real world
than anyone—as she was his kin. She held her hands tightly in front of
her chest and continued,

“Onii-chan looked scared when he came back last night. I guess he
should have noticed that a member of «Laughing Coffin» was in GGO
during the preliminaries yesterday. And he found out that person could
really kill someone through some method. So to remember that
person’s past name and make him stop «PK»...onii-chan would want to
put an end to this...”
Hearing till here, Asuna gasped slightly.

Though she was a little unhappy, Lyfa’s guess should be right. No,
Kirito would even think that it was «his responsibility». It was their
duty as members of the Laughing Coffin Crusade to stop them from
doing evil ever again.
—Kirito-kun, you...you’re always like this no matter when...
“This...THIS IDIOT...!”

Klein shouted and slammed at the bar table. The chin that had a
full moustache twisted his lips and continued shouting,

“THAT’S TOO SELFISH! IF YOU HAD JUST SAID SOMETHING...IF
YOU HAD JUST SAID SOMETHING, EVEN IF I WOULD HAVE TO GO
THROUGH HELL, I WOULD HAVE DEFINITELY TRANSFERRED OVER...”
“Yeah...but Kirito-san wouldn’t say this. He won’t get us involved
once he feels that there’s danger. He’s that sort of person...”

232

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

Hearing the crying and smiling Silica say that, Lisbeth beside her
smiled and nodded.

“...That is right. He was like that from before... If it’s like that, then
right now in the tournament, he might be protecting someone from the
enemy.”

On hearing those words, everyone looked at the large screen on
the wall like they were attracted over.
There were scenes of special effects coming out from the guns,
but there was still no sign of Kirito’s name, and the mantle guy who
called himself «Death Gun» never appeared.

Thinking about it carefully, everyone present didn’t know how
Kirito looked in GGO. If he wasn’t even the main character that the
camera was focused on which shows the name, but as an opponent
fighting on the screen, Asuna and the rest wouldn’t even recognize him.
However, at least the player namelist on the right side of the screen
had Kirito’s name on, and the other players were quickly shown to be
[Dead], he was still [Alive]. This meant that he was having savage battle
silently with «Death Gun» on this wide lone island that became a
battlefield.

Asuna couldn’t take part in the tournament even if she converted
over to GGO, so she could not help Kirito. But she wanted to do
something to support, protect and encourage her lover.
Asuna held the passionate feelings inside her and asked Lyfa,

“Lyfa-chan, Kirito-kun didn’t dive in from his own room, right?”

“Un, that’s right. I only know that he dived into GGO from
somewhere in the city.”

233

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

Asuna herself heard of this from Kirito. The reason why she didn’t
log into ALO at home but at the Dicey Cafe in Okachimachi was that she
wanted to meet Kirito immediately after the tournament’s over. Asuna
nodded her head and turned to Kikuoka.
“...Chrysheight. You should know where Kirito-kun logged in,
right?”
“Ah...well...”

The mage in long robes shook his head and murmured, and that
sea-colored hair of his continued to shake with a strange angle. But just
before Asuna was about to step forward, he immediately nodded his
head and said,
“—Un, I know. I arranged for the place to log in, so the safety’s
alright. There’s CCTV, and someone is keeping him company all the
time. I can guarantee that Kirito-kun’s body in the real world won’t be
in any danger...”
“Where’s the place?”

“...Un...that’s...in the hospital at Ochinomizu in Chiyoda...but don’t
be insecure that it’s a hospital. I chose that place to allow easy access to
an ECG. Of course, it’s not like I knew that something could happen to
the body...”

Kikuoka continued to say words that sounded like excuses, but
Asuna waved her hand to interrupt him and questioned him,
“The hospital in Chiyoda? That one Kirito-kun stayed at as he
recuperated?”
“Un, that’s the one...”

234

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

—It was nearby. Right between the Dicey Cafe in Okachimachi
and Ochinomizu was Suehirochou. It wouldn’t even take 5 minutes to
get there by taxi.
Thinking till here, Asuna said firmly,

“I want to get over there. To where Kirito-kun is in the real world.”

235

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 13

236

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Chapter 14
I separated from Sinon and walked out of the cave. The red color
of the sunset in the sky was nearly gone, leaving only the last trace of
purple in the night.

I, who always thought that the world of GGO was always in the
sunset, was slightly shocked that this world also had late night and
looked up in the sky. But after thinking about it, it had to be close to
10pm in the real world, so it’s obvious that the night sky would become
dark.
There seemed to be no stars in the sky. It’s said that there was
some large-scale galactic war on this world in the past, and civilization
started to decline. Right now, humans could only rely on the remains of
past technology to survive. This wide night sky would even make one
wonder if the planets in the galaxy were destroyed.
Suddenly, there was a small light that shone in the endless
darkness from the south-west direction.

A meteor—of course that wasn’t what it was. It was an artificial
satellite. Ever since the last civilization shot one up, there had been no
one using it now, and it continued to send information.

9:45pm. It was time for the 7th «Satellite Scanner» since the 3rd
Bullet of Bullets finals began.

I turned my eyes away from the night, took the thin terminal out
from my belt pouch and touched its surface. The screen immediately lit
up, and the map of the surroundings appeared on it. This lone island

237

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

that became the battlefield for the tournament seemed to be
completely covered by desert in the north. There were a few rocky hills
and little green pastures and also a flat barren land that didn’t change.
Speaking of which, this place shouldn’t be suited for sniping.

After leaning my back on the rock wall near the hole, I tried my
best to hide myself and continued to watch the device. Several seconds
later, the center of the map showed a light silently. I didn’t need to
touch it to know that this light represented me—Kirito. Of course,
Sinon, who was waiting in the cave beside me never showed up on the
map.
Unexpectedly, there weren’t other players who were alive in this
desert in a 5km radius around me. Even if «Death Gun»—«Steven»
would use the «Optical Camouflage» and not appear on the map, the
other players who realized that Sinon and I were hiding in a desert
cave should be gathered nearby and would be ready to lob grenades
into the cave.

This doesn’t sound necessarily great—but there were countless
grey light dots shown all over the desert. This should be players who
have retired, but there were so many «dead bodies», and yet we didn’t
hear any sound of battle from the cave. Speaking of which, it’s really
unbelievable.

I hurriedly adjusted the receiver’s magnification and found that
there was a light dot 6km southwest. After touching it with my
fingertip, the name shown was «Yamikaze». This name seemed familiar.
Looking down even more, I found out that there were a few dark
dots and two light dots that were fairly close. The survivors were «Nono» and «Fernil». I then increased the range to display the entire island
on the screen. However—there were no more lights. Even the player

238

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Sinon called «Camperichie», who occupied the peak of the southern
hills ever since the beginning of the tournament had become dark. Also,
there were two dark dots near him. It seemed that he was ganged up
on.
In other words, including Sinon and Death Gun who didn’t appear
on the map, there were only 6 people left in this wide battlefield.

Of course, there could be a possibility that the other players were
hiding in caves or underwater, but without the unique ability of Death
Gun, they wouldn’t be able to receive information from the satellite.
Also, at this moment where the tournament’s about to end, there
shouldn’t be anyone who’s patient enough to not to take a look at the
current standings…
“…Ah”

Just when I was thinking about this as I watched the receiver,
there was a sudden important change on the screen, and I couldn’t help
but hold back my cry.
This wasn’t because the number of light dots increased. In fact, it
was the opposite. 2 light dots in the ruins nearby suddenly went dark.

These two people probably didn’t realize that another person was
nearby. And after seeing the screen, they realized that the enemy could
be behind a wall where they were. They then hurriedly threw a
grenade and caused both sides to die—or that’s how I think it went. If
this were really the case, these two experts who fought like this until
now were probably depressed over having to be eliminated like this. I
had to hold back my urge to pray ‘Amen’ to them and send them off.

239

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Anyway——just like that, the battle royale that originally began
with 30 players was now left with four. Also, shown on the screen was
just Yamikaze and me.

I finally counted the number of light and dark dots that were
scattered all over the island.
And then gave a low moan.
“Eh…”

I hurriedly counted again, but no matter how I counted, the
number never changed. The receiver screen showed only 2 surviving
white dots. And also, the number of dots that were eliminated was 24.

The numbers didn’t tally. Beside Sinon and Death Gun who didn’t
appear on the screen, there were only 28 people. Even if we count
«Pale Rider» who disconnected and disappeared after being shot by
the handgun, there should be only 29 people. There’s still only one
person left.
Did someone betray my expectations and hide inside a cave or
underwater? Otherwise…
Death Gun «erased» another player.

No. This shouldn’t be possible. Death Gun’s avatar, his accomplice
in the real world should be waiting in Sinon’s house or somewhere
nearby. I didn’t think of using Sinon as bait, but Death Gun’s accomplice
can’t move to other targets’ houses like that.
—No, maybe…did I leave out something important…?

No. Now’s not the time to hesitate. I closed my eyes hard and
shook aside the cold air that surrounded me.
240

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Once I opened my eyes, the light dots that were shown on the
screen were starting to flicker. It seemed that the satellite was about to
leave soon. Maybe…no, I don’t think I need to do another scan. I silently
said farewell deep inside to the satellite which worked hard and
immediately looked around. Under the desert that was covered in
slight darkness, there wasn’t anything that could move or was glowing.
I placed the device that lost its information back into the belt pouch
before turning around and walking back to the cave.
The girl who was carrying the large sniper rifle didn’t hide at the
bottom of the buggy, but was waiting at the right corner of the cave.
“So? How is it?”

Sinon shook the short aquamarine hair that was tied to both sides
as she asked anxiously. I tried to clearly and simply explain the entire
situation to her.

“Two people took each other out during the scan, so all that’s left
should be 4 of us: me, you, «Yamikaze» and «Death Gun» who didn’t
appear on the screen. Yamikaze’s 6km down southwest, and Death Gun
should be moving over from a certain point in the desert. Also, there
may be someone hiding in the cave like us.”

I really couldn’t say my suspicion that someone could have died
by Death Gun’s hands. Sinon herself didn’t seem to notice my worry as
she muttered while looking somewhat surprised,
“…Only 4, 5 people left…”

But she then nodded her head and said,

“It’s been past 1 hr and 45 minutes. In the estimated 2 hours the
tournament would likely take, this progress would be able to meet that.
However, it’s really strange that no one threw a grenade in here…”
241

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Un…those who were searching for us were probably dealt with
by Death Gun using the sniper rifle. There were a lot of grey dots all
over the desert.”
“In that case…that guy should get the Max Kill award.”

After shrugging with a complicated look, Sinon seemed to be
motivated again and said this,

“Forget about that. The problem now is «Yamikaze». You’re the
only survivor who appeared on his terminal, so he’ll definitely come
for you.”
“I think I heard that name before…is he strong?”

After I asked, Sinon gave an incredulous look,

“The second place in the last tournament. He’s a super AGI boost
type. Called the «Devil of Run and Gun».”
“Ru…run and gun?”

“«Run and Gun», running and shooting as he continues to move.
His weapon is the extremely light submachine gun «Calico M900A». He
lost to the rare gun and defense equipment Zekushiido had the last
time and got second, but some would say that Yamikaze’s skills were
stronger.”
“This…this means that he’s the strongest player in the GGO
Japanese server…”

Thinking about it, since he’s able to make his way to the end of
the battle, he should be extremely strong. Just when I was thinking
about this, Sinon brought that sort of determined voice into my ears,
242

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Well…you just said that the real killer was «Death Gun»‘s
accomplice in the real world, right? If your guess is correct, Death Gun
can only kill me because the accomplice’s in my house.”
“…”

I was a little, no, perhaps rather shocked as I watched her face
that reminded me of a cat-like animal.

An unknown killer was ready to harm her body in the real world.
The fear in this situation may even surpass the bind I had with the
Nerve Gear and the rules of the death game I experienced. At this
moment, Sinon’s blue eyes were showing fear, but I could see the glint
that’s fighting against it. She continued to say in a cool tone to me, who
was dumbstruck.

“Anyway, this means that we don’t have to worry about Yamikaze
being killed by Death Gun. Then, even though I’m sorry for Yamikaze,
we can also use him as bait, right? If Death Gun uses the L115 to snipe
Yamikaze, we can find his location. This is much more effective than
you going alone as bait…and basically, I’m doing something similar.”
The last words should be referring to how she’s holding Death
Gun’s accomplice in the real world. Even though she trembled a bit at
the end, it’s impressive that she had the concentration to finish it off.
“…You’re really strong, Sinon.”

The sniper girl blinked and then smiled,

“…I just didn’t think about that. I was always good with ignoring
things I’m scared of.”

Then, she immediately said something else to cover over that dig
at herself.

243

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Anyway, how’s that strategy? I think it’s a situation where we
have to use it.”
“Un…that’s true. I agree with your strategy too…but…”

I bit my lips slightly and then said a doubt that remained in my
heart a few minutes back.

“…There’s something I’m worried about. During the satellite scan
just now, I counted the number of survivors and those eliminated.
There were 28 people. Even if we include Pale Rider, there’s still one
less player.”
“…Don’t tell me, Death Gun killed someone else after that?”
Sinon widened her eyes, but immediately shook her head.

“Tha…that’s impossible! The accomplice’s target should be me,
right? The outside’s not a virtual world. How can he move to such a
place so quickly? Was another player in the same apartment as me?”

“Yo…you’re right…but thinking about it, this is really a bit
unnatural…”

I glanced at my watch. It’s been two minutes since the scan ended,
thus I quickly mentioned all the doubts on my mind clearly,
“About 30 minutes elapsed from the moment Death Gun shot Pale
Rider and got ready to shoot you near the stadium. In other words,
Pale Rider in the real world should be living about 30 minutes away
from you. Of course, this isn’t impossible, but don’t you find that it’s too
much of a coincidence?”
“…But, that’s just a possibility.”

I said the doubt that crept up my mind during the satellite scan to
the frowning Sinon.

244

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“No. Listen…maybe there isn’t just one person as Death Gun’s
accomplice. If there were multiple «task forces», even if someone
stayed behind to attack you, he can also harm another target. In other
words…we can’t deny the possibility that Yamikaze is a target of Death
Gun.”
“…!”

Sinon gasped and hugged her huge sniper rifle hard. She shook
the face that showed a little white light in the slightly dark space.
“Ho, how’s that possible…? Are you saying that there are more
than 3 people who’re taking part in this horrifying killer plot?”

“…There were at least 10 survivors from the ex-«Laughing Coffin»
guild. Also, those guys were locked in the same jail for almost half a
year. Maybe they exchanged contacts in the real world…to be a little
extreme, they had enough time to thoroughly go through with this plan.
Of course, not all 10 people can take part…but we have no proof to
decide that there was only one accomplice.”
“…Why…why must they plan so much just to continue this
«PK»…? They just got released from the death game, so why…?”

On hearing her trembling vice, I used my dry throat to squeeze an
answer out.

“…Maybe it’s the same reason why I wanted to be a «swordsman»
and why you wanted to be a «sniper»…”
“…”

I thought that Sinon would be angry, but she merely bit her lips.
Then, her slender body stopped trembling, and her blue eyes were
giving off a strong glow.

245

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“…If that’s the case, we have all the more reason to not to lose to
these guys. I just used the word «PK», and I want to take that back. A
lot of people are PKing in this game, and I joined a squadron that was
based on this. However, PKing has rules and realizations. Killing
completely unconscious players who dived in through drugs isn’t
PKing. It’s just despicable crime…just killing.”

“Un…that’s right. We can’t let these people continue on like this.
We have to beat «Death Gun» here and make him pay for his crimes
with his accomplices in the real world.”
In fact, half of these words were said to myself.

That’s right—that’s my top priority. I have to start all over here.
This is to redeem myself for killing two people in my madness that
night and taking another person’s life after that.

This should be a battle I have to face alone, but this sniper girl got
completely involved. I could only watch her silently.

If her safety’s the priority, we can make Yamikaze fight Death Gun
and immediately suicide once one of them wins. However, the worst
thing was that the tournament would still go on if that person who
didn’t appear on the map wasn’t Death Gun’s victim, but was hiding
underwater or in a cave. And Death Gun would take down Yamikaze
and then shoot at Sinon who’s unable to move while I’m a corpse for
the time being. Also, if Yamikaze was Death Gun’s target, we would
only end up increasing the number of victims.

Thus, I have to fight. I want to protect Sinon, deal with Yamikaze,
and beat Death Gun. This isn’t easy, but I have to complete all these—

As I thought about this, Sinon herself said with an adamant voice,
“Leave Yamikaze to me then.”

246

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Eh…”

“That guy’s strong. Even you can’t beat him immediately. Besides,
Death Gun will use this opportunity to show up when you two are
fighting.”
“That…that’s true, I guess…”

Sinon saw me give an ambiguous expression, released the gun
from her right hand and then patted on my chest.
“Beside, you must be thinking about protecting me.”

I was unable to say anything back as these words hit the target.
The small mouth of that sniper immediately smiled, but then scowled
again.

“Stop joking around. I’m the sniper. You’re the supporter. Just
help me find the enemies’ positions. Leave Yamikaze and Death Gun to
me.”

I don’t really understand a small part of these words, but I could
only give a wry smile and nod my head,

“I see. I’ll leave it to you then… I guess both of them should be
nearby. I’ll ride out in the buggy. You’ll leave the cave a little later and
find a spot to snipe.”

After we confirmed the plan we had a while back, Sinon nodded
her head.

This time, the serious expression returned to her face. The girl
looked at me straight on from the front and then said simply,
“I’ll leave it to you then, partner.”

247

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Sinon set her beloved Hecate’s scope into night vision mode and
then placed her right eye on it.
In this vast desert, there wasn’t anything moving around at that
moment. However, Yamikaze in the southwest side and Death Gun,
whose whereabouts are unknown, should be approaching this place.

Sinon chose a short hilly peak as the sniping area, and right below
the rocky hill was the cave they were hiding in just now. It was hard to
spot this place from the ground, and she could get a birds-eye view all
around. However, there is the risk of danger. Though it’s a short hilltop,
the peak’s still more than 10m tall from the ground. Someone like
Sinon, whose VIT isn’t high, can’t jump down just like that. Also, there’s
only one way to get up to here. If the enemy was nearby, she could be
pierced through by bullets with nowhere else to go.
However, now’s the time where she should shake away all
negative thoughts. The sniper continued to try and keep herself calm
as she stealthily turned her beloved gun to the right.

Thus, she spotted a figure right in the middle of a large sand dune.

The night wind that continued on and off blew his waist-length
black hair at times. He’s wearing a black army uniform on his slender
body, making him look like he was about to mix into the darkness. That
profile was more of an elf swordsman in the middle of a fantasy desert
rather than a soldier with a gun.

Right in front of Kirito was the transport both of them took from
the ruins to here—the three-wheeler buggy. It didn’t have much fuel
when it ran out of the cave, so it shouldn’t be able to move now.
However, the buggy still fulfilled its duty obediently until the end. Its
massive frame was used as a cover by Kirito. It’s easy to spot, but
people couldn’t really snipe him from the north easily.

248

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The rocky hill Sinon was hiding at was on the south side of where
Kirito was, and this was a location that had only a few attack options.
In other words, Death Gun’s L115 could only attack from the west and
the east. Also considering that Yamikaze was coming over from the
west, Death Gun would probably take action from the east. That should
be what Kirito was thinking. His face that didn’t look any different from
a girl when looked from afar was facing the blueish-white moon that
was gradually moving up through the hole in the thick clouds.

Death Gun would probably not use the stun bullets when sniping
Kirito, but use the .338 Lapua Magnum. It would almost guarantee an
immediate death once that kind of bullet hits the head or the heart.
Even if it only hits the limbs, the impact damage would cause half the
HP to be gone. Also, Kirito would find it hard to dodge this attack.
Death Gun’s first bullet didn’t have the bullet line, and he could also use
the «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage» to hide and snipe. Of course,
there would be footprints on the sand, so he couldn’t move to a
position where he could get a sure hit. But even so, Death Gun had an
overwhelming advantage.
—But, if it’s you.

You, who cleared that «Untouchable Game» when we first met and
could even slice Hecate’s bullet from point blank, you’ll definitely be able
to dodge it, Kirito.
Sinon said this to him in her heart, and then turned her eyes back
to the rifle.

Her job was to allow Kirito to maximize his concentration. Thus,
they had to quickly deal with the strongest AGI-type attacker,
Yamikaze that was closing in from behind.

249

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

If they had time and if the situation was safe, maybe Yamikaze
would personally avoid trouble or even help out if they explained
things to him. However, it would be extremely impossible to make him
believe that there’s a real killer incident in the final stage of the BoB. If
Sinon herself didn’t witness Death Gun and feel the chill on being
aimed at by the Blackstar, she would only laugh at what Kirito said.

Thus, they could only take down Yamikaze. Zekushiido didn’t take
part in this tournament, so almost everyone would think that he’s the
player with the highest chance of winning. And she had to kill him in
one hit.
…Can the me right now really do this?

Sinon used her naked right eye to look through the entire vast
desert as she tried her best to resist the doubt and fear that was slowly
creeping up on her. All the snipes she made on the three-wheeler
buggy when they escaped from the ruins were pathetic. She couldn’t
even hit the mantle guy, and even the hit on the truck’s gas tank was
merely a coincidence. All the pride Sinon built up till then was
immediately wrecked at that moment.

As a sniper, Sinon’s role is to gather up the number of kills and
practice her refined sniping techniques. One day, when she could win
in the BoB tournament, the Asada Shino in the real world will feel real
strength. At that moment, she could then give up her fear of guns,
wouldn’t think about it and could live on normally. She always believed
that ever since she accepted Shinkawa Kyouji’s invitation to GGO.
However, this wish may be off the mark.

Unknowingly, she had already thought that she separated her
heart into two different existences, «Sinon» and «Shino», forming the
strong Sinon and the weak Shino. But this was wrong. Sinon in the

250

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

game still had the weakness that’s left in the real world, so she was
afraid of that Blackstar handgun and missed that snipe.

Anyway, what she was looking for was «herself». After meeting
this enigmatic boy Kirito, she finally found this out. Perhaps he
definitely was this sort of person in the real world. Fighting his own
weaknesses, fighting all the time, even if he didn’t have a lightsaber at
his waist.
In that case, Shino in the real world should originally have that
tough personality she had in the game.

—I shall fire this bullet as the ordinary person Shino. Just like that
incident 5 years ago.

I continued to escape that moment, just wanting to forget, erase it
and close my eyes, just wanting to vandalize it with pens.
But I won’t do that again. I want to look at my own memory and
crime, back to that moment, and build on from there. Maybe this was the
moment I had always been waiting for.
In that case—

Now’s the moment.

Sinon’s right eye captured the black profile that was quickly
moving over through her scope. «Yamikaze» was there.

She immediately placed her fingers on the trigger. However, she
still couldn’t exert force yet. There was only one chance to snipe.
There’s no time to move and readjust her position.

If she missed, Yamikaze would definitely aim for Kirito. At that
moment, no matter how strong Kirito was, he couldn’t handle both
Death Gun and Yamikaze. He would definitely be taken down by one of

251

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

the two. Then, Death Gun would just need to deal with Yamikaze and
easily use the Blackstar to attack Sinon just as he planned. The virtual
7.62mm bullet would hit Sinon, and once this image was sent to the
screen telecasting this in the outside world, the accomplice in the real
world would inject the fatal drug into Shino’s body and cause her heart
to stop.
In other words, this one bullet could decide Shino’s real fate. Just
like that time.

However, she felt unbelievably calm. Maybe she just couldn’t
understand the entire situation, but that’s definitely not just it. She’s
not alone. A certain someone, a certain strength was supporting her.
There was a slight heat that was warmly melting those stiff and
number fingers. What was this—

The Hecate II. This other half of her who went into numerous
battlefields with her, the one and only alter ego of her.

…Ah, I see. So you were always accompanying me. Not just in the
hands of a sniper…but also being with an ordinary girl like me. You still
continued to encourage me even though I can’t see you.
…Please. Lend this weak me strength. Grant me strength to again
move on from here.

In Aincrad, the floating city that had already disappeared, we
fought hard in there, and every day, the swordsmen of the attack group
would find «Outside System Skills» when they battle and train.

For example, when dueling, there’s the «prerecognition» that
comes with the position of the sword and the avatar’s center of gravity,
the «insight» that can predict the attack patterns of monsters from long
252

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

range and through the attack pattern, the «Distinguish» that allows
players distinguish the enemy’s sound effects from the background
sound and find them, the «mislead» to lure the AI monsters’ learning
capacity and give it a heavy burden, the «switch» that allows multiple
players to switch positions and allow them to recover their HP.

And amongst these skills that weren’t listed in the ability column,
the hardest skill to get, and even treated as a supernatural one was the
«presence sense»—also called «Hypersense».
That’s to feel the presence of the enemy before seeing and
hearing first. It’s also a skill to «sense killing intent».

There’s one group who denied the existence of this skill since
logically, it’s impossible to detect this so-called killing intent in the
virtual world. Humans who were dived in could only use the digital
data Nerve Gear sent over to identify the world, so all the information
codes in this game could be changed into a process. Of course, that
would mean that there couldn’t possibly be vague things like killing
intent or sixth sense.

Their reasoning was actually logical. Even I wouldn’t really agree
that the «Hypersense» skill exists.

However, during the 2 years I fought in Aincrad, I did experience
what could be said as «a sense of killing intent» a few times. I didn’t see
or hear anything, but I just had the feeling that someone was watching
me and didn’t move further into the dungeon. In the end, I did manage
to save my own life a few times.
Earlier this year, I mentioned this once to my «daughter» Yui. Yui
was once the affiliated AI to the «Cardinal System» that operated SAO,
and she definitely indicated that in SAO and «The Seed» program that

253

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

was derived from it, there weren’t any other methods of knowing the
existences of monsters other than the five senses.

—Thus, I shouldn’t be able to notice the enemy if he hide silently
in a place I couldn’t see. Thus, I explained the thoughts I had for a long
time to Yui.

Players who dived into VRMMO would use the game server signal
that’s constantly far away from them, to check «their» own status.
When moving alone in a wilderness or dungeon, they could only check
their own data. However, if someone tried to ambush the player, access
of the status signals would become twice or more. At this moment, the
system process would become slower, and finally causing a slight delay
in transmission, and this could possibly be the «killing intent» I felt—
After hearing my guess, Yui showed a doubtful look and then said
that if the server became slower due to this level of processing, it
would be eliminated. However, she later added that to put it bluntly,
she couldn’t dare to deny this possibility completely.
In the end, maybe it’s more convincing to say that it was some
supernatural power.

But now in this situation, I couldn’t care about such reasoning.

Having played so many VRMMOs, this was the first time I was
forced to only rely on the «Hypersense» skill.

Far up in the sky that had the last remaining light in it, I could see
the blueish-white plate hanging high up in the blurry sky. It’s a full
moon today, but maybe it’s because the thick clouds covering it that it
felt even darker than Alfheim. The silhouettes of the sand dune were
254

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

half merged into the night, and it’s difficult to even tell whether the
silhouettes were cacti or rocks.

If... If someone was hidden behind these objects and points the
gun that had a sure-kill ability, I may be unable to spot him with my
naked eye. Also, the enemy who’s ready to snipe me also had an
advantage of being able to become completely transparent. The only
thing I could hope for visually was the footprints that are going to be
imprinted on the sand. However, even I can’t see for distance more
than 1km away if I want to see it. Also, the footsteps that can be heard
when the enemy’s moving will be blown away by the wind and won’t
reach my ears.
—Then, I might as well close my eyes and cover my ears.

I shook my fear aside and silently closed my eyes. Then, I
removed the wind, the dry cold air and the rolling of the sand beside
my feet out of my consciousness.

Then, there was a sudden movement far away. Someone was
running really quickly. The direction was from the southwest side, so
this was «Yamikaze» instead.

I tried my best to hold back the impulse to chase after his profile.
Yamikaze was Sinon’s prey, so she’ll definitely stop him. Thus, I
removed the footsteps behind me through my consciousness and
gather all my senses from the front, desperately increasing my
concentration to feel any possible «changes».
Ah…that’s right. I remember it now. During that night where we
had the Laughing Coffin Crusade, I didn’t notice those guys’ ambush
because of any visuals or sounds. I just had a «bad feeling». I then
instinctively turned around and found that there were some shadows
moving through the fork of the dungeon.

255

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

What was the name of that guy who led the charge against us
again? It was not the leader of Laughing Coffin, «PoH», he wasn’t
around that time if I remember correctly. Most likely, it’s a certain
cadre. That guy’s weapon was an «Estoc» that was thin like some type
of needle, a weapon that strengthened its piercing ability without the
blade. It swayed as it brought its sharp tip at me, and it was even giving
off a small glint of light…
Did I kill that guy the last time? No, I don’t think so. After I wore
his HP down to less than half, that guy switched with his partner and
slowly went backwards.

Before he left, he should have said something to me. It wasn’t
some big words or something, but a stuttering, ear-piercing voice that
sounded like some ‘shuu shuu’ voice in little parts.
“…Kirito. After this, I’ll definitely, kill you finely.”

—That manner of speech, that presence, and those eyes that let
out the red glows under the hood—

Suddenly, there was a sharp painful feeling that’s right between
my eyebrows.
It’s this kind of feeling. This thing that’s targeted at me, this icycoldness that’s merciless and sticky—killing intent.
I immediately opened my eyes.

Far away in the desert, underneath a cactus that’s slightly north
in the east direction, a sudden glow bursted brightly.

Was that the sword tip of an Estoc or the flare of a sniper rifle
being fired?

256

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

I turned my body to the right. No, once I was about to tilt to the
right, the attack force that had shocking intensity gathered on my
forehead. The flow of time started to change. That extremely heavy
feeling felt like it could even freeze the air—

The bullet that was rotating at high speed, grazed past my temple
cutting off a strand of my hair and flew behind me as I tilted slightly.
“Oh…OOOOOOOOOOO!!!!”

I abandoned the remaining trace of black hair that was in the air
and kicked at the sandy ground hard with a roar.
—Fast!
Though her scope finally managed to catch sight of «Yamikaze»‘s
profile, his fleeting speed far exceeded Sinon’s expectation. With his
AGI stat boosted to the max and the dash skill raised to the maximum
level, that shocking movement speed made him really look like some
black whirlwind.

The equipment that’s worn on Yamikaze’s little body was a dark
blue uniform that had the lowest amount of protection. He didn’t bring
any support weapon, and only a plasma grenade on his waist. This
person didn’t even wear a helmet and showed his thin face. His long
and thin arms were holding the M900A, and together with his upper
body that was tilted forward, he didn’t shake at all even when running.
That speed which left only an afterimage as he continued to run was
more like a «Ninja» than a soldier. Also, he wasn’t just fast—he never
stopped.
Even players who have extreme confidence in their own speeds
would find a place to cover after running a while, look around to

257

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

observe their surroundings before continuing. To a sniper like Sinon,
the moment he stops would be the best chance to snipe.

However, even though Yamikaze also used cover like cactus and
rocks, he never even stopped. He knew that continuous dashing would
be the safest defense for a character that focuses on AGI.

…what should I do? Should I predict his movement and shoot? But
Yamikaze’s not running in a straight line. He’s running over sand dunes
and peaks; this trajectory can’t even be predicted. Or maybe I should aim
my first bullet at his feet and take care of him while he gets down for
cover? To a seasoned veteran like him, this old-fashioned trick may or
may not work. Also, from the second bullet on, the enemy could see the
«bullet line». Should I really abandon the greatest advantage of a snipe
weapon—the first shot without a bullet line?
Sinon hesitated. However, this hesitation wasn’t of the fear and
perplexity like on the three-wheeler buggy. Her mind was rather cool
and collected. The wooden stock of the Hecate brought a smooth
feeling to her face, and that, together with the fact that the boy
standing with his back to Yamikaze believed in Sinon, gave her
strength.
She shouldn’t gamble and shoot Yamikaze that’s running
around…

After hesitating for a while, the girl made this conclusion and
slightly relaxed her finger.

She would only squeeze the trigger once she was certain that she
would hit the target, or else it wouldn’t be called a snipe. As Kirito
entered the range of the M900A, Yamikaze may stop, and until then,
she had to wait for that moment.
258

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The blue ninja was less than 1km away from Kirito. But once
Kirito didn’t react even if his back is facing him, he would feel that
Kirito didn’t discover him and continue to get close until the 100m
shooting range where an AGi-type player would be most adept in.

—I’m also going to hold on until that moment, so you have to be
patient too, Kirito. Trust me.

In this battle royale where they couldn’t use communication
equipment, Sinon could only pray this deep inside her heart. However,
she had a thought that she passed her feelings to him. The sniper then
started to stop thinking and brought herself as one with Hecate, letting
her vision merge with the scope, and the feel with the trigger. At this
moment, even the feeling of herself breathing left her. The only thing
she felt was the target that continued to dash and the crosshair reticle
that was constantly trying to track his heart.
She couldn’t even tell how long it took.

Finally, the moment she waited for arrived.

A white light came from the rear right corner of her eyes. That
was a bullet, but naturally, it didn’t come from Hecate, but the .338
Lapua bullet Death Gun shot from the east side of the desert. Kirito
dodged the attack, and the L115’s bullet line went near Yamikaze who
was approaching from the west.
Yamikaze didn’t think that Kirito noticed him, but didn’t even
expect another huge bullet to fly in and pass the target. Then, he
naturally got low and crouched down to stop suddenly and got ready
to head at the rock nearby, right behind him.
This would be the first and last chance to snipe him.

259

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The finger that was half following the Hecate’s own will started to
squeeze the trigger. The light green «bullet line prediction» showed up
in her eyes, and the circle immediately became small as a dot. Sinon
aimed for the center of the chest. After squeezing the trigger, the
hammer slammed the firing pin, and the powder of the .50BMG inside
the chamber exploded, CHANK, and the large bullet immediately went
into supersonic speed—
Yamikaze’s eyes noticed the muzzle flash that came from the
Hecate and Sinon’s right eye that was looking through the scope. His
eyes seemed to show shock, regret and definite admiration. Then…

The ninja who was the most likely to become champion had a
blinding light of special effect on his chest. His avatar was sent flying
several meters away and then rolled on the sand a few times before
stopping face up. At this moment, the M900A left his right hand, and
the grenade rolled onto the floor. As the [DEAD] tag appeared above
his abdomen and started to spin—Sinon herself had turned 180
degrees together with the Hecate.
—Kirito!

She wordlessly called this name out.

The black-clothed swordsman was running at the blueish-white
moon that was starting to appear on the horizon.

His running motion was completely different from Yamikaze’s
clean posture. That straightened back while keeping the chin down as
he ran forward felt just like dancing. Kirito’s right hand moved to pull
the lightsaber on his waist. The blue and purple blade that immediately
extended added some color to the darkness.
260

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The direction Kirito was heading to flashed a weak orange glow.
It was the firing flame.

The lightsaber drew an arc and knocked aside the bullet that flew
over, again and again. Kirito was already able to see the bullet line after
dodging the first bullet. No matter how many times the bolt action
sniper rifle continued to fire rapidly, it couldn’t pierce through the
outstanding reflexes of the lightsaber warrior.
Sinon removed the nightvision mode of the scope and increased
the magnifier to the maximum level to try and find the position of the
bullet.

—Got it. Below the tall cactus. That unique suppressor that’s
reaching out from under the mantle clothing and the cleaning rod that’s
under the barrel. This person is the user of the L115A3 «Silent Assassin»
and the real killer «Death Gun».
Sinon tried her best to widen her right eye to fight off the fear
after seeing his profile.

…You’re not a dead soul. No matter how many people you killed in
«Sword Art Online», how you’re a lunatic who came up with such a
terrifying plot when you went back to the real world, you’re still a human
who can breathe through your nose and has a beating heart. I’ll fight
with you then. I believe that my Hecate and my power’s enough to beat
you and the L115.
Sinon pulled the bolt handle and aimed her beloved gun, which
now was reloaded, deep at the mantle guy who’s lying on the ground.

Though she could see his flickering red eyes through the scope,
those definitely weren’t the ghost lights of the dead, but the lens of the
261

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

full face-type goggles. What’s under the goggles was just a mere
avatar’s face.

Sinon’s fingers touched the trigger and exerted force slightly.

Death Gun’s head immediately moved for a moment. He could see
the bullet line. After the attack on Yamikaze just now, Sinon had
already exposed her position. However, this just made both sides end
up in equal circumstances. Now—
Time to decide this!!

Death Gun, who’s being aimed at in the scope, moved his L115
and pointed his gun at Sinon. Poking out from under his black jaw were
the bloody red eyes that were coldly staring at Sinon’s forehead. Sinon
immediately squeezed the trigger without even waiting for the reticule
to shrink.

As her beloved gun let out a huge bang, Death Gun’s sniper rifle
let out a little fire. Sinon moved her face away from the scope to watch
her bullet that was flying over and the enemy’s bullet that was flying
over through her naked eye. The trajectories of both bullets had looked
like the same.
For a moment, Sinon had the feeling that the bullets would hit
each other. However, such a miracle never happened. At last two
bullets seemed to graze by each other by the tiniest of gaps as they
went slightly off course.

KUWANG! A sharp impact sound rang beside the eye piece. Then,
the large scope that was installed on the Hecate vanished without a
trace. She would be immediately dead if her right eye was still there.
Death Gun’s .338 Lapua bullet grazed past Sinon’s right shoulder and
disappeared behind.

262

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

And the Hecate’s .50BMG bullet missed its target silently and hit
the L115 gun directly.

The guns in GGO would have a fixed durability for each parts.
Normally, only the gun itself would be worn out, and this could be
recovered through maintenance. No matter which part was hit, it
would be a lot of damage, but even so, it’s hard to make the durability
drop to zero. Also, it could be repaired if there were some durability
points left—but it’s a different case altogether if the weak parts of the
gun got shot by a large caliber. Like now.

A small fireball was formed at Death Gun’s chest. The center of
the L115 scattered into shrapnel and immediately disappeared. Also,
parts like the gun stock, scope and barrel fell onto the sand. These
parts could be used, but the mechanism part couldn’t be used again. In
other words, the «Silent Assassin» was dead at this moment.
…Sorry.

Sinon said this apology secretly in her mind, but the target to her
apology was obviously not Death Gun, but that gun with such rare and
great performance ability. She again pulled the bolt of the gun. Even
though the safe sound of the metal was heard as the bullet was loaded
into the chamber, the scope was destroyed, and she couldn’t use it to
snipe from afar.
“I’ll leave the rest to you then, Kirito.”

She muttered at the lightsaber warrior’s profile that was running.

Kirito and Death Gun were about 200m apart. Even if he activates
Optical Camouflage, he couldn’t get away from the situation as there
would be clear footprints left on the sand.
263

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

264

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The mantle guy slowly got up from under the cactus, probably
giving up. The large barrel that was left of the L115 was slinging down
from his right hand, and he slowly moved forward like he was gliding.
Was he going to use that metal rod to fight? That lightsaber of Kirito
that could slice even the Hecate’s bullet could slice it in half in one hit.

Both of them were quickly closing in. Even without a scope, Sinon
who had the long-sight skill could clearly see Kirito running forward
while raising a large amount of sand and Death Gun who was slowly
dragging his feet forward.
Kirito continued to run as he swiftly raised the lightsaber in his
right hand over his shoulder. He then thrust his left hand forward at
the same time. It was the posture for that overwhelmingly intense
thrusting technique seen countless times in the preliminaries.

In contrast, Death Gun moved the gun barrel that was giving a
black glow over to the left hand and grabbed the front end of the gun
with his right hand. Both of them were about 5 seconds away from
each other. There were camera glows appearing behind both of them.
Right now, the audience was watching this live telecast from the bars
inside GGO or from the multi-MMO channels on the outside, and of
course, they wouldn’t know about Death Gun’s crimes and Kirito’s aim.
But they would still watch the screen for this intense battle scenario.
Sinon forgot all about this and merely widened her eyes to watch this
deathmatch.

Death Gun then raised the gun barrel horizontally with both
hands.
As his hand let out a sharp light—
“Ahh…!”

265

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Sinon left out a sharp cry.

Death Gun moved both hands away. The gun barrel left his left
hand and flew backwards.

And on his right hand—there was a thin metal rod that was
drawn from below the gun. It was the cleaning rod. Was that his final
weapon? The cleaning rod should only be a tool to maintain the gun. It
wouldn’t have any attack power, and even if he used it to beat someone,
the most it would do would be to reduce a little of the enemy’s HP…
—No.

That wasn’t a rod used to clean a gun. The tip that should have an
opening was as sharp as a needle. Was that a sword? But even its base
was about 1mm thick. Could that thing really hurt someone? Speaking
of which, there shouldn’t be any other metallic swords in GGO other
than combat knifes.
Flabbergasted, Sinon saw Kirito’s back seem to freeze.

However, the lightsaber warrior didn’t stop. The energy saber
that’s shining in his right hand thrust forward. The jet engine-like
sound effect of metal even reached Sinon’s ears while she was on the
hill. The sharp end that had a sure-kill ability was sucked in by the
mantle. Kirito wanted to use this entire sword to stab into his body—
but failed as Death Gun’s upper body bent backwards. This perfect
dodged looked like he knew Kirito’s move and timing.

The power of Kirito’s one-handed thrust merely left a burnt smell
in the air and went by Death Gun.

Perhaps because the move was dodged, the lightsaber warrior
froze and showed a short opening. Though he immediately moved and
got ready to jump forward and right, Death Gun, who was still bending

266

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

backwards, moved his right hand like some independent creature. That
approximately 80cm long metal needle tip—
Stabbed straight into the left shoulder of the black uniform
viciously.
“…KIRITO!”

As Sinon shouted out, the bloody red special effect scattered in
the darkness like real blood.

***

Yuuki Asuna placed her handphone on the sensor. Once the sound
effect of the transaction went through a second later, she then said,
‘thank you!’ and ran out of the taxi.
At the front of the rotary, there was a large entrance that was
partially lit even though it was almost 10pm. Even though the power of
the automatic doors were cut off, Asuna ran to the sign that indicates
that it was the night entrance without thinking.

She pushed the door and went through the cold air that smelt of
disinfectant to the visitor’s counter. As Kikuoka Seijirou had contacted
the hospital before, Asuna immediately said what she was ready to say
to the nurse who looked up.
“I’m Yuuki who just called to visit room 7025!”

At the same time, she pulled her student ID out from her pocket
and handed it to the counter. As the nurse took the identification card
to compare with Asuna’s face, Asuna herself used that time to
memorize the floor plan that’s on the wall opposite her.
267

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Hello, Yuuki Asuna-san. This is your visitor pass. Please
remember to return this pass when you leave. The patient’s room is
from the elevator on the right…”
“I got it. Thank you!”

She hurriedly bowed once she got the pass card and left the
shocked nurse behind her. She ran to the elevator. In the hospital
records, Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto wasn’t here to be treated or
hospitalized, but to be checked on, thus Asuna’s anxiety was a little
unnatural. However, there’s no time to look at others now.

There seemed to be some gate that looked like a platform
entrance in front of the elevator. Asuna placed her pass card on the
screen, let it scan through and went through before the metal doors
opened completely. She pressed the up button, ran into the elevator
doors that opened and finally heaved a sigh of relief.

—Kazuto must have felt this way when he had to run to me after
releasing me from the bird cage in ALO, right? He’s definitely alright. He
couldn’t be... Though she believed that, she couldn’t hold back that
anxious feeling.
Every time the elevator passed through a level, there would be a
steady electronic sound. It was only the 7th level, but the speed at
which it went up felt really slow.
“Don’t worry, mama.”

Suddenly, an immature voice came through the handphone
receiver that she’s holding with both hands.

That’s the «daughter» of Kazuto and Asuna, the AI Yui. Her main
processor was now in the terminal-type platform in Kazuto’s room. If
there was a need, she would enter the game as a guide pixie in ALO,

268

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

and they could talk through the phone in real life. Even though the
battery was limited which made her unable to keep talking for long,
they had been in constant contact ever since Asuna left the Dicey Café.
“Papa won’t lose to any strong opponent. Because he’s papa.”

“…Un. That’s right.”

Asuna placed the microphone near her lips and softly responded.
The stiff fingers could finally move at this moment, but the tension was
still in her heart.

Kirito was requested by Kikuoka to head into GGO to investigate
that mysterious player «Death Gun». In the end, the one controlling
this avatar was an ex-member of the SAO red guild «Laughing Coffin».
Also—those two that Death Gun shot in the game died of heart failure
in the real world.

Without doubt, something strange must have happened. Though
Kikuoka was certain that Kirito wouldn’t have any danger while diving,
he could tell that those two strange deaths weren’t just a coincidence.
PAANN

With that sound, the elevator went through the 6th level and
started to slow down before stopping on the 7th level with an
electronic sound. At the same time the elevator opened, Yui
immediately gave the directions ‘head right for 15m, turn left and walk
for another 8m’. Asuna immediately followed what she said and ran all
the way down the empty corridor.
There were sets of electronic doors on both sides of the corridor,
and Asuna checked the metal doorplates with her eyes as she ran.
7023…24..25! She placed her access pass on the door, and the door
immediately opened after the light on it turned from red to blue.

269

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

This was a single room ward that had grey and white base colors.
Near the center of the room was a plastic patient’s bed Asuna herself
relied on before. The curtains on all sides of the room were opened,
and there was a professional looking monitor. The cables that were
attached to the monitor split up and were attached on the exposed
chest of the boy who’s lying on the bed. The boy’s head was also
wearing the rather familiar silver circlet Asuna was familiar with—the
AmuSphere.
—Kirito-kun!

Asuna forcefully gasped as she let out some warm air and was
ready to shout—
“…Kirigaya-kun!?”

A certain voice rang before Asuna’s did, causing her to almost
tumble forward in surprise. She turned her neck to the right and found
that the monitor was blocking a foldable chair beside the bed, and
there was also a person sitting on it.

That person was wearing a white uniform, wearing a nurse’s hat
and her hair tied into braids. Her face also had a rather trendy looking
pair of glasses. She was a nurse. Thinking about it, Kikuoka did say that
someone was by Kazuto’s side.

However, that person was actually a beauty of an unknown age,
and she even bent forward and almost got onto the half-naked Kazuto.
Asuna felt somewhat unhappy on seeing that, but the thought merely
flashed through. The nurse who noticed Asuna walking into the room
lifted her head and looked somewhat nervous.

“Ah, are you Yuuki-san? I heard that you’re coming. Please come
here.”

270

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The nurse said with a somewhat hoarse voice and then used her
left hand to point beside the bed. Asuna ran over without her telling,
nodded back and again looked at Kazuto’s face.

Of course, Kazuto’s eyes were closed. However, he wasn’t
sleeping and neither was he conscious. The AmuSphere isolated his 5
senses from reality and took him away to a distant unique land. As the
AmuSphere would receive all the muscle movement from the brain, his
face and body wouldn’t be moving. Logically, that should be the case,
but on seeing Kazuto’s face, Asuna immediately felt that his heart was
rather unstable.
“How’s Ki…Kazuto-kun?”

Asuna lifted her head up and asked the nurse. On hearing this, the
nurse with the «Aki» nametag frowned and shook her head.
“Don’t worry, he’s not in physical danger. But the heart rate just
jumped to 130 beats a minute just now…”
“Heart rate…”

Asuna muttered and looked at the screen beside her. The liquid
crystal display showed the wave patterns and the words [132 bpm].
The wave pattern in front of her was moving erratically.

It’s not rare for the heartbeat rate to increase while playing a
VRMMO. While diving into the environment and fighting against
monsters, many would be nervous and so their pulse would quicken.
Or rather, this would be how they enjoy the game.

However—Kazuto was that Kirito. In the floating city of Aincrad,
he was a solo player on the clearing team and would be the one who
would brush close to death most often. How could he be so nervous in
an ordinary game?

271

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

In fact, she had never seen Kirito look so frantic during the past
year when they were playing ALO together.
—What in the world happened?

Asuna used her finger to rub away the sweat that appeared on
Kazuto’s forehead and bit her lips tightly.

At this moment, Yui’s voice came from the handphone in her left
hand.

“Mama, please watch the panel PC on the wall! I’ll connect it to the
network channel «MMO Stream> live feed!”
On hearing this, Asuna looked up and found that there was a 40inch monitor that’s on the wall near the edge of the bed. Yui may be
using the handphone wireless function to connect to that computer as
the originally offed-screen lit on its own and the browser went into full
screen mode.

The image that appeared was exactly the same as how it was seen
from the room in ALO.

At the top left hand corner, the large words Gun Gale Online were
written there. On the side, there were the long and small words ‘the
3rd Bullet of Bullet battle royale finals is being telecasted!’

On the right side of the screen were the namelist of the players.
The one that took the largest space of the screen was the split channels
that had multiple split camera images. But now, only two large
windows were lined together.
The background of those two was the desert under the blueishwhite moon. It seemed that two players were engaged in close ranged
combat and the cameras were filming them from behind. The window

272

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

on the left depicted a petite avatar with fully black uniform and flowing
hair. He was holding a purple-blue lightsaber that was glowing, and his
left hand was just hanging down. Also, they could see fresh red blood
scattering from his left shoulder. The footer beside the avatar had the
words that showed his name [Kirito].
“That’s Kirito-kun…”

The impression the avatar gave was different from the «black
swordsman» during SAO and the Spriggan in ALO as that slender back
looked no different from a girl. However, the way he raised the sword
and adjusted his center of gravity was showing that he was Kirito.
Watching the same visual from the other side of the bed, nurse
Aki said in a troubled voice,

“Is that Kirigaya-kun’s avatar over there? So Kirigaya-kun who’s
unconscious is controlling it now, right?”
“Yes. He’s fighting now…so the heart rate increased.”

Though Asuna answered this, there was something she couldn’t
seem to explain clearly to nurse Aki. Kirito’s left shoulder had a severe
wound—and his opponent was most likely another survivor of SAO
and could have killed two players in GGO.
Asuna timidly turned to look at the right window.

Standing over there with his back facing the screen was that
player who was wearing a mantle, which was what she expected. His
back looked lifeless and full of holes, but Asuna knew that those who
were completely used to the virtual world would have this posture. She
held her breath and watched the small sharp object in the mantle guy’s
right hand.
273

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Eh…”

On first glance, she couldn’t help but cry out.

The mantle guy wasn’t holding the large sniper rifle he used on
the metal bridge or the black handgun, but an ordinary thin and long
metal rod—

No. it wasn’t just an ordinary metal rod. It started to thin from the
base on, and was already as thick as a needle at the end. That was a
sword. On first glance, it looked rather similar to the rapier Asuna was
used to wielding, but in fact, it was a weapon that didn’t have a blade,
one that could only be used to stab.
“Estoc…? Ah…ahhh…”

Asuna herself didn’t even realize that she was making a sound.
Her distant memory started to ache like how that sword stabbed
through. There was really a cadre amongst «Laughing Coffin» who was
skilled in using this weapon. His name—his name was—
Of course, the mantle guy wasn’t using the name he used in SAO
like Kirito. However, Asuna couldn’t help but look over at the avatar’s
foot.
The displayed player name, was also in alphabets.
[Sterben].

Asuna couldn’t read it out exactly immediately and could only say
it in an interrupted manner,
“St…ster…ben? Was it a misspell of Steven…?”
“No…that’s not it, mama.”

274

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

As Yui answered this, nurse Aki added ‘ it isn’t like that’. Asuna
looked at her, and the nurse frowned her bewitching eyebrows before
saying in an extremely tense expression,
“This is a German medical term. It’s read as…«Sterben».”

“Ster…ben.”

Asuna had never heard of this word before. Nurse Aki looked at
her troubled expression, hesitated for a little bit and then said with a
somewhat hoarse voice,
“It means…«death». It’s a common term in a hospital…when a
patient just passes away…”

The hairs on Asuna’s arms and back immediately stood up. She
then finally turned her eyes away from the screen to the face of the boy
lying beside her.
“Kirito…kun.”

At this moment, Asuna’s voice was trembling so much that she
couldn’t even recognize it.

***

GGO was a game operation that was created from the completely
free VRMMO support package «The Seed».

The Seed was a very versatile system, but even the operator
couldn’t change its processing. In other words, it was a black box
existence. Games operating after 3 months since the start would
definitely be able to «convert» characters from all games with the On
setting, and the «pain absorber» that could prevent giving players’

275

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

virtual pain or use misleads to erase the pain could only be adjusted,
and couldn’t be turned off completely.

In other words, no matter how many times someone got shot in
GGO—even if hand or leg got blown away, the player wouldn’t even
feel overwhelming pain or numbness.

Thus, the pain that’s on my left shoulder and the ice-pick like pain
was just an imagination. No, the pain numbness mechanism had
already removed this imagination, so this isn’t real pain. It’s just my
memory, an awakening of a memory in another world, where I got
stabbed by the same weapon in the same part.
About 5m away from me, the mantle guy—«Death Gun» was
showing the sharp tip of the Estoc that was giving off a black glow and
swaying like it was some rhythm. That guy could launch stabs without
any preparatory movements in such a situation. It would be hard to
dodge it if I view it as an ordinary sword.
That’s right. I once had the same thought when I was in the cave
«Laughing Coffin» was in. Back then, I felt that the weapon this guy
used was rather rare, but in that intense battle, I really never had the
chance to talk to him.

About a year and a half later on, I finally could say to him what I
couldn’t say back then.

“…That’s really a rare weapon. Or should I say…I didn’t know that
GGO allows for metal swords.”

Then, Death Gun let out a hoarse laugh from the hood that was
covering the head, and then said in an interrupted manner,

276

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“To think, that you became so lazy, «Black Swordsman». A high
level, «knife creation» skill and a «weapons creation» skill would be
enough. The length and weight, mostly like that, that’s the limit.”

“…Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem that I could create the sword I
liked.”
Once I finished answering, the enemy again laughed,

“Like back then, you still want a high STR rated sword, right? That
toy, in your hand, shouldn’t be rather useful.”

The lightsaber «Shadow Light» in my right hand let out a low
moan, and couldn’t possibly like being called a toy. The moment that
was said, it then let out a little burst of spark. I shrugged and said for
my sword,

“It’s not some toy. I already thought of using this kind of weapon
once. Also…”
I swung the lightsaber, letting it give a vibrating sound and then
put the sword that was down below to the middle.
“A sword’s a sword. It’s enough if I can hack your HP to zero.”

“Ku, ku, ku, how awesome, huh? However, if you can.”

The red eyes that were deep inside the hood were flickering
irregularly. The skull-faced metal mask that seemed to laugh coldly,

“«Black swordsman», you’ve, breathed in, too much, of the,
corroded, air of, the real world, that move just now, the slow, «Vorpal
strike», just now, you would be disappointed, if the old you, saw that.”

“…Maybe, but you should be the same too, right? Or rather, do you
still think that you’re still a member of «Laughing Coffin»?”
277

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“Oh? So have you, remember, so many things?”

Death Gun let out the sound of breathing as the metal rubbed
against each other and moved his hands as if he was clapping. The
rotten bandage that covered his right hand vaguely showed the tattoo
of «Laughing Coffin» on the inside of the wrist.

“…Then you, should, be clear, about the, difference, between, me,
and you. I’m, a real, red player, but you’re not. You killed, merely
because, you, were driven, by fear, to survive. A coward, you are,
without thinking, about, the meaning, to be, a killer, just wanting, to
forget, about everything.”
“…!”

I was immediately rendered speechless by what he said.

—Why? Why was he able to accurately say out my mental state? I
had never interacted with this guy ever since the Laughing Coffin
crusade until when we met again in the waiting dome.
—Don’t tell me…this guy really has some supernatural power? I
thought that I saw through his killing methods. Am I thinking too
highly of myself…?

I motivated myself and recovered my sight that was starting to
distort. I could still maintain the tip of the lightsaber and prevent it
from trembling, which itself can be said to be a miracle. If he sees that
there’s an opening, Death Gun’s sudden stab that doesn’t have any
preparatory movement will definitely stab through my chest

I took a slight breath through my gritted teeth and then answered
him softly,
278

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“…Maybe. But you’re not a red player anymore. I know how you
killed «Zekushiido», «Usujio Tarako», «Pale Rider» and another player
that could have died in your hands. That’s not the power of the black
handgun, and neither was it your own ability.”
“Oh? Then, say it, out then.”

Now’s the crucial moment to decide the winner.

I exerted all my strength into my eyes and stared tightly at the
enemy—and then said out what I believed was the truth,

“…You used that metamaterial optical camouflage to read the
addresses of all the BoB players from the monitor at the presidential
building. You then got your accomplices to enter their rooms and get
them to inject drugs while you shoot, making them look like they died
of heart failure. That’s the true identity of Death Gun.”
This time, Death Gun finally went silent.

Those red eyes in the darkness that laid in the midst of the hood
suddenly narrowed. I couldn’t really decide if my guess was correct
from his response. I took the great killing intent he gave off and then
continued,

“You may not know that, but the Ministry of Internal Affairs have
the players’ names in SAO. Once they know your ex-character name,
they can track your real name, your address and your modus operandi.
Stop making anymore mistakes. Log out and hurry to the nearest
police station to surrender.”
Even so—he remained silent.

Under the dry night wind, the surface of the mantle guy looked
like some little organisms gathering as they continued to move. The

279

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

live camera feed that was flickering with the REC sign seemed to be
impatient as it increased its height. Death Gun and I had been facing
each other for about 3 minutes. As the audience couldn’t hear our
conversation, their expectations and tension should be at the climax.
But right now, we’re only clashing with our tongues. Once Death Gun
confirmed my guess, there wouldn’t be any meaning to continue the
battle.
However—

Several seconds later, ‘kukuku’, what came from under the hood
was a chilly laughter that wasn’t any different from before.

“I see…so your imagination, is really interesting. However, that’s
too bad, «Black Swordsman». You can’t, stop me. Because, you
definitely, can’t, remember, my name!”
“Wha…what, why are you so confident now?”

“Ku, ku, you may, even forget, about the reason you forgot. Listen
up…after that battle, just when we’re about to be sent to jail, I was
about to tell you my name, but you said ‘I don’t want to know your
name. There’s no need because I don’t want to meet you again’.”

I was immediately unable to say anything and could only widen
my eyes. And Death Gun merely murmured as if he was mocking me.

“You don’t know, my name. So, you can’t remember. You, can’t do
anything. You can only wait here, until you’re taken down by me, lying
there awkwardly—and then, watch me, kill that girl…”
A certain object glided past the air and let out ripping sound, and
then, a flash of silver cut past the darkness.
“You can’t, do anything!”

280

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Death Gun’s right hand stabbed at me like a puppeteer.

I subconsciously used my lightsaber to block the stab that was
aimed at my heart.

The energy blade let out a buzzing sound before entering the line
of the Estoc. The blueish white plasma blade slashed directly into the
metal side.

Logically, any metal sword would be sliced. The Shadow Light
could even slice Sinon’s sniper bullet in half, so how could this thin
metal rod block it? I immediately raised the saber up and got ready to
slice it at the left shoulder of Death Gun—
In the end, an irritating sound rang inside my avatar.

I could only blankly widen my eyes and see that the metal rod
that was glowing was stabbed straight inside me.

Only a part of Death Gun’s Estoc was burned, and there was no
other damage. It could actually block the energy blade that had
overwhelming power. Why—why is there such a thing?

Death Gun continued to step forward and stabbed the Estoc in
deeper. My HP got reduced drastically with the movement of the metal.
At this moment, I could only grit my teeth and use all the strength in
my right foot to jump backwards. The enemy’s blade got away from me,
and the special effect of the damage drew a red line.

I jumped back for about 2, 3 steps and again pulled my distance
away from Death Gun. In the end, he moved his mouth like he wanted
to lick the blade.

281

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“…Ku, ku. This guy’s, material, is the, highest grade, metal, that
could be, obtained, in, this game. I heard, that, it’s a galactic, warship,
armor plate. Ku ku, ku…”

Then, Death Gun didn’t seem like he wanted to speak up as he
flipped the mantle and attacked me. His right hand went at an invisible
speed as he drew numerous afterimages in the sky. He had never used
this continuous stabbing attack up till now. This thrust is a high-level
sword skill «Star Splash», an 8-straight thrust attack—

The lightsaber in my hand couldn’t block the attack, and I couldn’t
dodge it at will as it was sand below me. The sharp needle then
continued to stab into my body.
—Kirito!

***

Sinon tried her best to suppress the shout that was about to come
out of her throat and the impulse to squeeze the finger at the trigger.

On the battlefield that’s about 700m away, the special effects
showed damage that came from the black-clothed swordsman. Even
though Sinon didn’t touch any weapon other than a gun, but even she
could tell how skilled Death Gun’s sword techniques were when he was
able to injure Kirito. She held her breath, thinking whether the attack
just now would have worn out his HP. Luckily, Kirito himself didn’t
have the DEAD tag on him. He kicked hard on the sand, did a backflip
and used that to gain a rather large distance from Death Gun.

However, Death Gun himself didn’t seem to want to let Kirito
have a chance to regroup himself. He flipped his hood and closed the
distance between the two of them like a phantom. The automatic-

282

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

control cameras continued to increase in numbers like they knew that
a winner was about to be decided. Soon, about 10 cameras surrounded
them and caused the corner in the desert to look like an arena.
If the Hecate’s scope was still there, she could have sniped to
cover Kirito, but in this distance, even Sinon couldn’t easily use her
naked eye to shrink the reticule. She could even mishit Kirito
accidentally if she attacked randomly.
—Hang in there. Do your best, Kirito!

Sinon forgot that she was also in danger in the real world as she
was in a high-kneel position on the rocky hill, clenching her fists as she
prayed this.
Kirito once killed a few players to protect himself and a few
others in the infamous death game «Sword Art Online». This
experience could be said to be rather similar to the burden Shino bore.
Thus, his troubles should be similar to Shino to a certain extent.

Kirito said that he couldn’t overcome these painful memories and
sealed them in a corner of his mind, before saying that he could only
face them from today onwards.

He was following what he just said as he got ready to personally
stop the criminal who brought darkness from SAO—Death Gun.

But Kirito could do that not because he was weak. He just told
himself to be stronger. No matter how much he felt troubled or
anguished, he had to accept his weakness. That’s because he was the
one who continued to persist on looking forward under such a
situation. Strength—wasn’t about the outcome, but about the process
of moving towards a certain goal.

—I want to talk to you. To tell you what I felt and what I discovered.
283

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

—Is there anything I could help with? If I go close to them, it would
be the opposite effect. Once I’m aimed at by the Blackstar, Kirito will be
unable to do anything. Even so, I’m just trying my luck if I snipe without a
scope. The range of the support weapon MP7 isn’t completely enough. Is
there…there any way I could help…
“…!”

Momentairly, Sinon’s whole body shook.

There was. In this situation, there was a way for her to take the
initiative and «attack». She didn’t know how effective it would be—but
there’s a value in trying.
Sinon took a deep breath, gritted her teeth hard and looked at the
battle that’s far away.
—Kirito-kun!!

***

Asuna covered her mouth just when she was about to scream out.

There wasn’t any lighting special effects, but the move Death Gun
used was undoubtedly the 8-strike thrust «Star Splash». That was a
high-level skill like Asuna the «Flash» was skilled with in the past.
Basically, this was a sword technique of a «Rapier», but as it didn’t
include any hacking or slashing, it could also be done with the «Estoc»
that was derived from the Rapier.
The flat screen on the wall showed Kirito continued to be
thrusted all over his body with the continuous stab attacks as he
jumped back to pull his distance. However, on the right side of the
screen, the mantle guy moved in a mysterious gliding like action and

284

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

pursued him. Kirito continued to struggle with the Estoc that was
surrounding him.

The monitoring device beside Asuna started to let out an urgent
electronic sound, causing her to glance aside. Kazuto’s heart rate had
already risen to 160 bpm. Asuna forced herself to look away from the
screen and looked at the face of Kazuto who was lying on the bed.

He was sweating a lot, and he looked to be in pain. The mouth
that was slightly opened was gasping. Nurse Aki noticed him to be like
this, and the eyes behind the spectacles showed a worried expression.

“…I told him to take lots of water before he dived in…but it’s now
more than 4 hours. There will be danger of dehydration if this
continued. Can’t we log him out first…?”

On hearing the nurse’s words, Asuna could only bite her lips
tightly and said,

“Kirito-kun can’t hear anything we say here…and he’s taking part
in a PvP tournament. I don’t know how effective the log out system
would be…”

In ALO, to prevent the players from deliberately «disconnecting »
when they were in a bad situation— if this situation happened in a
VRMMO tournament, the grounds will be switched—and they will be
prevented from logging out for a while.
“…But the AmuSphere will note the blood flow in the brain. If it
ends up damaging the body, it should be automatically logged out…”
Once Asuna said that, the nurse nodded her head and said that,

“I know. We’ll just observe for a while. He’s not a patient, so I
don’t think there’s a need to inject fluids into him.”

285

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“You’re right…”

Asuna’s voice became stiff. Wouldn’t it be like the time during
SAO if he had to go on a drip.

No—there’s something completely different from that. The thing
was that Kazuto wasn’t wearing the Nerve Gear that had a death trap in
it, but the AmuSphere with a safety configuration. Thus, even if Asuna
forcefully removed the silver circlet on Kazuto’s head, there shouldn’t
be any danger posed to him. Kirito would only disappear from the
desert that’s being telecasted on the wall and return back to the bed—
in other words, return to Asuna’s side.
That terrifying enemy called «Sterben» shall never touch Kazuto
again.
Asuna tried her best to hold back this urge.

Kirito/Kazuto was now betting his pride as a swordsman to fight
hard, and Asuna obviously couldn’t stop him.

But, was—wasn’t there anything she could do? She’s right beside
him, but was there no way she could pass any message to him who’s
fighting in the other world?
“Mama, your hand…”

Suddenly, a soft voice came from the handphone. It was Yui’s.

“Please hold onto papa’s hand. The AmuSphere can’t stop senses
from the outside world like Nerve Gear. Papa should be able to feel
mama’s warmth. I can’t touch physical objects…but please bring…mine
too…”

286

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Yui’s voice was trembling by the time she spoke till the end.
Asuna herself was shaken up hard inside as she forcefully shook her
head and answered,

“No…papa will definitely feel Yui’s hands. Let’s cheer for
papa…cheer for Kirito-kun!”

As she said that, she placed her handphone into Kazuto’s limp left
hand and used both her hands to cup it.
The patient’s room was a little warm, but Kazuto’s hand was as
cold as an ice block. The automatic log-out function may happen if she
held it too hard, so Asuna grasped Kazuto with her hands lightly,
exerting all her warmth and will, hoping to make his hand go warm.
Asuna wasn’t looking at the live telecast anymore as she merely
closed her eyes and continued to pray.

—Do your best, Kirito-kun. For all that you believe in. I shall be by
your side always. Always protecting you from behind, supporting you.
Kazuto’s icy cold left hand jerked slightly, but definitely.

***

The enemy was really strong.

Whether it’s in terms of speed, balance or striking moment, they
were all flawless. There were few swordsmen who were so skilled on
the clearing team.

But why did it become like this? This cadre of «Laughing Coffin»
who’s controlling the character «Death Gun» couldn’t see my swords
during the crusade. I spent quick work and reduced his HP to half,
causing him to retreat to the back lines.

287

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Looking at things, I guess the half year where he was imprisoned
in Black Iron prison caused this guy to change drastically. The one who
thoroughly crushed Laughing Coffin was one of the members on the
clearing team, me—and he used revenge against us as motivation to
work hard on his swordsmanship. Even if he couldn’t gain money and
experience, repeated training of sword skills could allow him to
improve. This guy may have trained on the same movements hundreds
or thousands of times in the dark and cold prison. The sword technique
that an Estoc could use was firmly ingrained into this guy’s senses.
I may not lose to him in terms of the number of times I swung the
sword, but the sword in my hand was the lightsaber that’s a lot lighter
than my old swords, and the touch feels completely different from
before. It’s easy to use the one-strike «Vorpal Strike», but it’ll be
difficult to use continuous moves. Also, Death Gun probably won’t
allow any openings for me to use some huge attack. He continued to
remain close and kept using all sorts of varying thrust attacks. I tried
my best to dodge them, but the sharp tip of the Estoc still pierced
through parts of my body from time to time and slowly drained my HP.
I think I have only about 30% left.
Even as my HP’s being worn down by that sharp sword, Death
Gun can’t really kill me if he used that black handgun to shoot me. I
didn’t input my name and address at the machine in the presidential
estate, so nobody could find my residence.

Was I too reliant—in a «safe feeling»? My eyes were completely
covered by the power of the black handgun, which caused me to not
look at the user’s true ability. If that’s the case, it’s obvious that I would
be in such a tight spot. The enemy was still in that death game, and I
left that place a long time ago, whether it was my body or my heart.
Maybe it was too late that I noticed it.

288

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

However, I still wouldn’t allow myself to lose to him like that. My
body in the real world shouldn’t have any damage, but like what that
guy just said, Sinon, who’s waiting on the rocky hill behind me was
already in the range of that black gun. If I get taken down now, Death
Gun will attack Sinon. Once she’s hit in battle by a bullet from that
black handgun, Death Gun’s accomplice will kill Sinon in the real world.
One moment. Just one moment.

I just need him to stop this one series of attacks for the time being.

If it’s the power of the weapon, the lightsaber far exceeds that of
the extremely thin Estoc. Once I can accurately hit him in one hit, I
believe I can wear Death Gun’s HP down to zero. However, I just
couldn’t create this opening. The half-hearted attempts will definitely
not work, the enemy’s Estoc could even break through the energy
blade of the lightsaber, which means I couldn’t create an opening by
swinging hard in a sword duel. What should I do? What should I do—
Kyu kyu kyu. With those deep sounds, the last strike of three
consecutive hits grazed my face on the right, and my HP finally went
red.

The special effect that flowed out of my face dyed my vision red.

Maybe he thought that he was winning as Death Gun’s red eyes
were glowing even redder.

The Estoc user of the red—what was originally «Laughing Coffin»
chose red eyes too. My consciousness shook, and cracks appeared in
the thick walls of my memory.

That’s right…I did refuse to know this guy’s name. I didn’t want to
get involved with this again. I just wanted to hurry up and forget that
night that was full of madness, blood, screams and curses.

289

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

But I couldn’t do that.

I didn’t forget anything at all. I just pretended to forget, just lied
to myself. I merely sealed that part of my memory away, trying to
convince my brain that I didn’t see the fact that was there…

Death Gun dragged his Estoc back to deal me the final blow. The
cold glow that remained on its tip caused that sealed fragment of my
memory to appear.

Before we went on the crusade, we were gathered at the
headquarters of the «Divine Dragons Alliance» guild for our last
meeting.

During the meeting, we again explained the member information
regarding the members of «Laughing Coffin». That included the battle
abilities of their leader «PoH» and his cadres’ weapons, skills,
appearances—and names.

Of course, we did mention that two of them liked to use their
colors. One of them was black, the guy who liked to use a poisoned
dagger. His name was…yes, «Johnnie Black». Klein immediately gave a
serious look after hearing it, and specially told me ‘don’t fight with this
guy. Or else we don’t know who to protect’.

The other person was red. However, he wasn’t dressed
completely in red. This Estoc user merely had his eyes and hair red,
and had a reverse cross sign dyed on his grey helmet. His colors and
the picture used looked like the «Knights of the Blood» , and caused the
sub-leader of the KoB, Asuna the «Flash» to give an irritated look. I
faced this guy right from the start. As he got ready to retreat, he left
these words ‘I’ll, definitely, kill you later’, and intended to report his
name. It was this guy.
290

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

One and a half years later, this guy broke the wall of the other
world and appeared in front of me. Like what he declared before, this
mantle guy got ready to stab through me with the Estoc—«Death Gun»
was that guy. His name was—
“«XaXa».”

The word that came from my mouth caused the metal that was
about to pierce through my heart to deviate course.

I ignored the slightly stabbed feeling of the sword tip that was
about to be pulled back and continued,
“«Red-eyed XaXa». That’s your name.”

Next—a few things happened in front of my eyes.

A red line suddenly went into the center of Death Gun’s hood
from behind me.

That wasn’t a bullet—just a simple bullet line. It was Sinon. I
immediately understood her intention. This was an attack of hers that
used the bullet line. It was the final hit that was based on her
experience, inspiration and will to fight. The phantom bullet that she
fired.

Death Gun seemed like a beast who felt a power carnivore’s killer
intent and instinctively jumped back.
A low growl came from below the skull-head mask. He should
have realize that Sinon couldn’t possibly risk shooting at me in case of
a mishit, but he wavered after I called his name, causing his judgment
to be slowed. Thus, he dodged automatically as if he reacted to a
phantom bullet.

291

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

This was the last chance. The bullet line won’t work anymore. I
can’t waste this chance Sinon gave me. I stepped in front and raced
after Death Gun.

Ah—damn it. His profile disappeared. It was the «Optical
Camouflage». I could still find him based on the footprints he left on the
ground, but now the lightsaber couldn’t deal a fatal blow to him. If I
can’t kill him in one hit, my HP will become zero once I’m countered.
At this moment, there was something more shocking that
happened.

My left hand started moving as if it was guided by someone. The
icy hand that was tense due to nervousness—was surrounded by a
certain familiar pair of warm hands that guided me. My left hand
immediately moved and then gripped onto something—the second
weapon that even I forgot about, the «FiveSeven handgun». As my hand
felt the weight that was pulled out of my gun pouch, a certain circuit in
my consciousness suddenly flared.
“U…OOOOOHHH—!!”

I roared and stepped forward. I then spun my left side back
forward like a bullet.

Death Gun’s profile was about to vanish, and I swayed my profile
before swinging my left hand.

A two-handed sword skill would normally have the sword in the
left hand swing up from near the ground to break the enemy’s defenses.
However, what’s in my hand wasn’t a sword but a handgun. However,
who said that I couldn’t use sword techniques with a gun? I used the
impression I had of swinging the left sword up and continued to
squeeze the trigger.
292

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

293

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The bullet that was flying up continued to hit the object that was
about to become invisible and shone sparks intensely in the air. Death
Gun’s body finally appeared in the midst of the flash. I faced the avatar
whose Optical Camouflage was being destroyed—
And swung the lightsaber in my right hand in a clockwise
direction with motion and weight.
This was the «Double Circular» twin-swords assault skill.

The energy blade sliced deep into Death Gun’s right shoulder and
then sliced in diagonally before leaving from his left abdomen. At this
moment, the «black handgun» that was in his gun pouch was sliced in
half by the lightsaber, and after giving off a bright orange flash, it
exploded.

The avatar that was sliced in half, the ripped mantle and the flame
arc floated under the blueish-white sky.
After a long flight—

Dodou, two consecutive deep sounds rang, and Death Gun’s upper
and lower bodies landed somewhere away from each other. After a
while, the metal needle-like thing—the Estoc was stabbed onto the
ground between both parts of the body.
At this moment, while I was kneeling on the ground on one leg, I
heard a weak voice,
“…It’s not, over…that person…won’t let…you…end this…”

However, the [DEAD] tag that appeared between the sliced body
caused this player Death Gun to stop completely and unable to say
anything. I slowly got up, lowered my head and watched the «corpse»
on the ground.

294

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

Having lost the mantle that would have represented himself,
there was nothing that represented Death Gun except for that skull
mask. I looked at the goggles that had lost their glow and silently
answered,

“No…it’s over, XaXa. Your accomplices will be found. The killing
acts of «Laughing Coffin» have come to an end.”
I then turned around and dragged my battered body west.

After walking for about a few hundred steps, hundreds of meters
away, my lowered sight finally saw a pair of small feet wearing small
boots, and I looked up.

The sniper girl was standing there. She was holding that large
sniper rifle that lost its scope, giving a steady smile.

***

Sinon looked like she had something to say as she opened her
mouth, but for an instant, she didn’t know what to say.

Even she didn’t know what sort of emotion she had in her heart
now. There was merely a rising burning feeling up her chest that
caused her to hug the Hecate in her arms tightly.

Seeing Sinon standing blankly down there, Kirito showed a calm
smile for the first time. He placed the FiveSeven handgun in his hand
back into the holster and clenched his fist before reaching it out to
Sinon.
And Sinon raised her right fist to tap his fist lightly.

“…It’s over.”

295

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

The lightsaber warrior muttered simply and then looked up.
Sinon then followed him and looked up as well.

The clouds have parted unknowingly, and the stars in the sky
were showing their shine. Sinon then remembered that this was the
first time she saw stars in this world.

The skies in GGO were often covered by thick clouds because of
past wars. The daytime here were always of depressing sunset colors,
and even the night would have bloodstained-like red.

But as prophesized by the NPC elder on the streets, once the toxic
on the land is purified and returned back to white sand, the clouds
shall disappear, and the shine of the stars and the spaceships would
return to the sky. Of course, no people would believe such ordinary
words, but maybe this desert wasn’t just a wilderness for players to
wander in, but may even be a sacred land far away in the distant future.
Sinon immediately couldn’t say anything as she looked up at the
sparkling group of lights in the clear night sky, and the remaining lights
of the spaceships that looked like rivers.
Soon after, Kirito said,

“…It’s about time to end this tournament. The audience may be
sick of waiting.”
“…Un, that’s right.”

The blue camera feeds that covered the entire sky were flickering
with the REC logos anxiously. Kirito may have noticed it as he
immediately gave a wry smile. However, he immediately regained his
original look, went closer and whispered,
296

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“…The danger of this tournament’s finally over. Death Gun was
taken down, so the accomplice who’s preparing to kill you should have
left. Their aim should be to create the rumor that «those players who
were shot by that black handgun in GGO and will die in the real world»,
so they probably won’t kill people at random. Logically, you shouldn’t
be in any danger when you log out…but you better call the police for
safety reasons.”

“…How do I explain everything to 110? They probably won’t
believe me if I said that someone plotted to kill inside and outside a
VRMMO, right?”
After hearing Sinon’s question, Kirito was stumped for a bit.
However, he immediately nodded and said,

“You’re right…my associate is sort of a civil servant, so we can get
him to help…but I can’t just ask for your address and name…”

At this moment, the lightsaber warrior hesitated and looked away.
Of course, he knew how rude it would be to ask for someone else’s real
identity in a VRMMO.
However, Sinon thought for a while and then said,
“Alright. Let me tell you.”

“Eh…bu, but…”

“I just feel that there’s no need to worry about this anymore.
Besides…I already took the initiative to tell you my past. I never done it
before…”

After hearing her mutter, Kirito widened his eyes, but
immediately nodded his head.

“That’s true…speaking of which, I was the same too…”

297

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

If they continued to drag on like this, Sinon may end up saying
‘never mind’ because of her fearful nature. Thus, she slung the Hecate
behind her shoulder and immediately stepped forward. She placed her
lips near Kirito’s ears and said in a voice nobody else could hear,

“My name is—Asada Shino. The address is Tokyo District, Bunkyo,
Yushima, Yonchome…”
As she finished saying her apartment’s name and room number,
Kirito immediately answered softly in surprise,
“Yushima? That’s a coincidence…I dived in from Ochinomizu in
Chiyoda.”
“Eh...ehhh!? Isn’t this just nearby?”

Now even Sinon was shocked and nearly squealed out.
Ochinomizu and Sinon’s apartment were just separated from the
Kasuga subway and the Kuramae subway. At this moment, Kirito
suddenly widened his eyes, let out a ‘un…’ before continuing,
“Then I’ll just log out and go off to find you…”
“Eh…you…”

Sinon nearly said ‘are you willing to come by’, but shut up at the
last moment, coughed dryly a few times and corrected herself,
“Un…no need. There’s a reliable friend nearby…”

Spiegel, also known as Shinkawa Kyouji, who invited Sinon to this
world was the second son of a practitioner. His house was in
Hongoume right beside hers. He would come over once she gave him a
call. Speaking of which, he may have seen the footage of this
tournament from the beginning to the end, so she had to find an excuse
as to why she got close with Kirito a few times.

298

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

“…And that guy’s a doctor’s kid, so he can take care of me if
there’s a need.”

To hide any embarrassment and end off, Kirito gave a serious
look and answered,

“Oi, it’ll be bad if something really happened. But I guess it’s
alright if you say that…I’ll request my associate after I log out to check
with the police. No matter how late, it should take 15…no, 10 minutes.
The police will be at your house in 10 minutes.”
“Un, I got it. It’ll be great if we can catch the accomplice…”
“Unn…”

Seeing the still wary Kirito nod his head, Sinon stared at him.

“Forget about that. Are you one to run away after hearing my
personal information?”

“Eh, ah…so, sorry. My name’s Kirigaya Kazuto. I dived in from
Ochinomizu, but my house’s at Kawagoe city.”

The lightsaber warrior looked panicked as he hurriedly reported
his data. Sinon murmured for a while and then chuckled at this nonurgent situation.

“Kirigaya Kazuto. So that’s why you’re called Kirito, right? That’s a
really simple name-ing.”
“Wha…what right do you have to say me!”

Both of them smiled. Kirito again looked at the camera above his
head and then changed his tone,

“…We can only log out by putting BoB to an end…how about it,
Sinon? Do we fight it out like yesterday?”

299

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

After hearing his question, Sinon found that her strong desire to
have a rematch with Kirito was forgotten completely. She stared at this
pretty face in front of her and then said,
“…Strength’s not an outcome…but a process of working hard…”
“Eh? What are you saying?”

“Un, it’s nothing—I say, you’re completely wounded all over now,
right? There’s nothing to be proud about winning against you. Let’s just
leave this for the next BoB tournament.”

The moment Sinon finished, Kirito raised his eyebrows in shock,
but immediately gave a wry smile,

“Are you saying that I can’t convert back to my old game before
the 4th tournament?”
“You can convert back and then convert here again, but don’t
think that you can beat me the next time…then, it’s time to end the
third tournament.”

“How do we do this? This is a battle royal, so there should be a
winner decided when one person’s HP is zero, right?”

“It’s rare, but I heard that the first BoB in North America was won
by two people. The reason was that the person who should have won
accidentally got a underhanded trick called «Gift Grenade».”
“Gift Grenade? What’s that?”

“The losing player will throw a grenade to drag the enemy
down—un, here, this is for you.”

Sinon reached her hand into her pouch and then pulled out a
black ball object onto Kirito’s right hand that reached out in reflex. She
then set the countdown of the fruit-like grenade to 5 seconds.

300

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 14

This was the plasma grenade she got after she checked that Kirito
defeated Death Gun and ran to Yamikaze on the west side of the rocky
hill. At that moment, Sinon had already decided to use this to end this
tournament.
Finally realizing what was placed in his hand, Kirito widened his
eyes and got ready to throw it away instinctively.

To prevent him from doing this, Sinon wrapped both arms behind
Kirito’s back and held his hands in.
Soon after, an abnormally dazzling flash appeared between the
two avatars, engulfing the wryly smiling Kirito and the smiling Sinon
into pure whiteness.

The time taken for the tournament was 2 hours, 4 minutes and 37
seconds.
The 3rd Bullet of Bullets battle royale finals ended.

The result—[Sinon] and [Kirito] won at the same time.

301

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Chapter 15
From the time she was being transported from the lone island
«ISL Ragnarok» to the waiting area, Sinon kept looking at the rankings
and the countdown till log out while trying to calm herself down.

Though the tournament was over, the situation with «Death Gun»
wasn’t. Death Gun’s accomplice might still be near her in the real world.
Kirito said that the police would be there soon, but his log out time
would be the same as Sinon. Also, he would need to contact his
associate, so it would take at least 10 minutes. During this time, Sinon
could only protect herself.

First, she had to check if her own room was safe. Then, she had to
get Shinkawa Kyouji to come over to her house. Though there was a
chance that he would meet Death Gun, these people weren’t using guns
or knives as weapons, but syringes with poison—as that’s Kirito’s
view—so they wouldn’t randomly inject drugs into people who are
awake. Of course, Sinon was ready to tell him to be careful.
The large countdown timer quickly flew by, and there was 10
seconds left till log out.
She looked at the large results screen one last time.

Sinon and Kirito, who won at the same time were glowing at the
highest level. Even though it was her ultimate goal when playing GGO
is to let her name appear there, unfortunately, the outcome this time
would most likely not count. The situation was way too abnormal, so
she would pin her hopes on the 4th tournament.

302

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

There was no 2nd place. The 3rd place was Death Gun’s log in
character name «Sterben». Sinon herself didn’t know how the name
should be read, but to the mantle guy, «Death Gun» should be his real
name, so his log in name should be used to cover up his true identity.

The 4th place was «Yamikaze». Most of the people bet money on
him as they felt that he would be the champion, so the official betting
company should have earned a lot now. Starting from the 5th position,
there were names that were more common, but after names like
«Dyne» and «Xiahou Dun»—the ranking ended at 28.

The bottom most place showed the names of the two who
disconnected, «Pale Rider» and «Garret».

As expected, there were 2 victims of Death Gun in this
tournament. This meant that he had 2 accomplices. What kind of
organization did those 3 people take part in a VRMMO, what kind of
experience did they have that would cause them to take part in such a
horrifying plot...

As the countdown timer went to zero, Sinon didn’t feel the
exhilaration of victory, but an abnormally cold chill.

A floating feeling descended on Shino, and as this feeling
disappeared, she was already lying on her bed in her room in the real
world.
No—it’s possible that it wasn’t just one person. She told herself
not to immediately open her eyes or move about.

Shino didn’t move at all but merely closed her eyes and started
noticing her surroundings.

303

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

At this moment, there were some slight sounds that went into her
ears. The first was her own breathing, and next, it was the heartbeat
that was rather fast.
Bellowing down near the ceiling was the air-conditioner that was
giving off warm air, and also, there was the humidifier that was letting
out a buzzing sound. She could hear the sound of a vehicle running by
from afar, and there was also a deep sound of a stereo woofer from a
room in this apartment.

—But other than these sounds, there weren’t any other strange
sounds.

This time, Shino tried to take a deep breath softly. Her nose took
in the particles of air, and there was just a little fragrance. Shino knew
that it was the vanilla soap she placed above the storage box to act as
air-freshener.
There wasn’t anyone else in the room.

Even though she thought this way, Shino still couldn’t open her
eyes immediately. Maybe someone was watching her beside her bed—
this fear remained in her heart.

No, even if it’s not inside the room, he may be hiding in the
kitchen or the bathroom...or the balcony...even in this small little suite,
there were many places for a person to hide in if he or she wanted to.
Also, there’s a likelihood that he was hidden underneath the bed. No, I
don’t want to get up.
Right now, Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto should have contacted the
police through his associate, and she should be able to hear the sirens
of the patrol cars. In that case, maybe it would be most safe not to
move.

304

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

As Shino thought about this and got ready to close her eyes
tight—

The old air-conditioner suddenly lowered its temperature, and
the icy wind that was blown up floated on Shino’s exposed thighs. A
cold air covered her skin, making her feel itchy in the nose.

Shino herself probably resisted for 2 seconds. Then, her eyebrows
and nose curled up, giving off a clear sneeze that disobeyed the
owner’s respiratory system. Shino froze, waiting for a reaction to this
sneeze from a certain point in this room.
However, there was still no movement in the room.
Shino then stealthily opened her right eye.

Inside the dark room that had the lights turned off, the street
lights from the gap in the curtains were the only ones that brought
some light. Shino checked first to be sure that it could be seen from her
eyes, and then slowly turned her head around bit by bit to check her
room.

Anyway, there didn’t seem to be anyone in her view. Even though
she just sneezed, Shino carefully took off the AmuSphere on her head
and put it beside the pillow. She used the strength of her abdomen to
raise herself and looked around the entire room quickly.
—It looked like it wasn’t any different from before she dived in.

Whether it was the mineral water on the table, the large sound
box beside the table or the school bag that’s left on the floor, nothing
was moved at all.
Shino placed her hand on the mattress and then moved it
alongside the bed. She gulped her saliva down and then poked her

305

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

body out to look underneath the bed. It was obviously empty
underneath.

She looked up, and checked through the curtains that the lead
windows were locked up.

Then, she got off the bed barefooted, reached her neck out to take
note of any movements in the kitchen. Speaking of which, that space
which was only 3 mat big didn’t look like it had any place to hide.

At this moment, Shino finally got up and subconsciously walked
to the wall before pressing the switch. The room was immediately lit
with white light, and even the corridor on the back of the kitchen lit up.

Looking closely, the lock on the door didn’t look like it was
touched before. Shino stood for a while before noticing that there
weren’t any strange sounds from the place behind a wall—the
bathroom. In the end, there wasn’t anything strange. Thus, she again
tiptoed towards the kitchen.

The bathroom door was tightly shut, but wasn’t locked, and there
wasn’t any light inside.

Shino grabbed onto the aluminium door handle with her right
hand that’s full of cold sweat.

She took a deep breath, held it, and pulled the bathroom door
aside as her left hand turned on the lights.
“...”

Shino wordlessly inspected the bathroom for a while.
“Why am I scaring myself...”

She muttered. The rice-colored bathroom was obviously empty.
306

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

This time, Shino finally lowered her neck and the shoulders on
both sides to relax her body. She turned halfway around and leaned
her entire body on the wall before sitting down.

There wasn’t anyone else in the room, and she couldn’t see any
evidence of other people who have entered.

Of course, there was a possibility that—the intruder who broke
the old electronic lock was using the handphone to check the live
telecast of GGO through the phone, and left after seeing that Death Gun
was defeated.
If that was the case, the intruder may still be near this apartment.
As she couldn’t guarantee that he would not turn back, she had to
hurry up, call Shinkawa Kyouji and invite him to her house. Shino felt
this way, but just couldn’t motivate herself.

She glanced at the kitchen timer that’s placed on the fridge. It also
functioned as a clock, and the numbers indicated on it showed that it
was 10:07pm.

—It was a long three hours. The yogurt container that’s in the
trash bag in front of her was thrown in before she dived in, but it
seemed to be a long time ago.

And her own heart seemed to feel that something has changed,
but it didn’t.

However, at least the anxiety that resided in her for a long time
was gone. During this long time, perhaps her anxious feeling of only
realizing that she had to get stronger was all wasted. She had to slowly
work her way up.
“Okay...!”

307

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino softly encouraged herself and got up before realizing that
she was extremely thirsty. She went near the basin, used the cup to
catch the water that flowed out from the tap and gulped it down.
And just when she was about to drink another cup—
DING DONG. The doorbell rang at this moment..

Shino tensed her body instinctively and then turned to look at the
door. She suddenly had the thought that the person may open the door
himself and couldn’t breathe at all.

Thinking about it, maybe it was the police. She then turned to
look at the clock, but the time since she logged out was less than 3
minutes, and it would be too fast.

Just when Shino was standing there, the doorbell rang again.
Shino held her breath and stealthily went to the door.

It’s better to chain the door up. Just when she thought that way,
she timidly reached her left hand out, but just when she was about to
touch the door chain—
“Asada-san, are you there? It’s me, Asada-san!”

The electronic lock that had a speaker function gave the slightly
sharp voice of a boy. Shino was rather familiar with this voice.

Shino herself immediately heaved a sigh of relief. She stepped on
the slippers and brought her face near the door, and then looked
outside the door for safety reasons. She saw a boy standing in the
corridor, looking distorted because of the concave effect. That person
was the friend she was ready to call to her house—the ex-classmate
who invited Shino to play GGO, Shinkawa Kyouji.
“Shinkawa-kun...?”

308

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino called the other person’s name through the speaker, and
then a somewhat hesitant voice came over.

“Well...I couldn’t help but want to say congrats to you...I bought
this from the convenience store, but it’s just a little token of
appreciation...”
After hearing these words, Shino again looked through the
peephole. Kyouji outside was holding a small cake box.
“You, you’re really quick...”

Shino couldn’t help but question. Even after including the time for
her to log out, it was only about 5 minutes ever since the tournament
ended. Looking at things now, he probably didn’t watch the telecast
from his own house, but hung around at the park nearby and waited to
buy the cake from the convenience store once it was decided before
rushing here. His impulsive manner was really just like what the AGItype Spiegel would do.
But this would remove the need to contact him herself. Shino
exhaled and reached her hand out for the door.
“Hold on. I’m going to open the door.”

She said as she lowered her head, and found that her upper body
was still wearing a tank top and pair of shorts below that showed a lot
of her thighs. The girl felt that this was somewhat revealing, but she
still shrugged and opened the door.

After opening the door, the smiling Shinkawa Kyouji was standing
at the door. He was wearing a pair of jeans below and a military coat
with feathers on top. It looked thick, but just didn’t look like it could
resist the cold air outside.
309

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino was trembling because of the cold air that came at her feet
and started saying,
“Wah, it’s cold. Hurry up and come in.”
“U, un. Excuse me then.”

Kyouji nodded his head, shrank his neck back and entered the
corridor with the concrete floor. On seeing Shino, he narrowed his eyes
as if his eyes hurt.
“Wha, what is it...hurry up and close the door, or else the room’s
going to get cold. Ah, remember to lock it.”

Kyouji’s eyes made Shino somewhat embarrassed, and she
pretended to throw a tantrum to hide this feeling. She then turned
around and walked towards the room. Behind her, the electronic sound
of the door being locked could be heard. Shino returned to the 6 mat
room, took the remote control on the table and adjusted the air
temperature higher. The air conditioner bellowed in an exaggerated
manner and breathed out warmer air that shook off the cold air in the
room.
Shino quickly sat down on the bed, looked up, and found that
Kyouji was standing at the door in a somewhat lost manner.
“Please take a seat. Ah...do you want a drink?”

“No need. There’s no need for that.”

“I’m tired now. There’s nothing now if you really say so.”

The girl said that jokingly, and Kyouji’s face finally showed a
smile. He placed the cake on the table next to the tea set and sat down
on the cushion beside it.
310

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“...I’m sorry for arriving so suddenly, Asada-san. But...as I said
before, I really wanted to celebrate things with you fast.”
He covered his knees like a kid and then looked up at Shino.

“Well...congratulations on becoming the BoB champion. Asadasan...Sinon was really amazing. You finally became the strongest
gunman in GGO. But...I knew it. Asada-san would one day succeed.
Because Asada-san had real strength like no others...”
“Thanks...”

Shino felt somewhat embarrassed, and thus, she shook her neck
that shrank back,

“But there’re two winners this time...and if you saw the live
telecast, you should have seen that there were a lot of unnatural things
that happened...maybe, the tournament will be declared as invalid...”
“Eh...?”

“Well...how should I put it...”

For a moment, Shino couldn’t think of how to explain the «Death
Gun» incident to the puzzled Kyouji. She didn’t really know about the
entire thing too, and couldn’t continue on with the explanation. And—
right now, even she started wondering that this may be like an illusion.
Maybe...

All these were merely caused by coincidence...? Could shooting
someone in the virtual world really kill a player by poison in the real
world? To be honest, Shino only saw Pale Rider being disconnected. If
he and the other player who disconnected were really dead, it would
mean that Death Gun’s crimes were real, but Shino would have no
definite proof until she had news that they died.

311

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

The police would come over in another 10 minutes, and then I
should explain everything to Kyouji, right? Shino had this thought and
changed the topic.

“Oh well...it’s nothing. It’s just that there was a strange player. But
you were really quick. The tournament just ended 5 minutes ago.”

“Ah, well...I came over near your house and used the handphone
to watch the live feed so that I could immediately congratulate you...”

this.

Kyouji hurriedly said this, and Shino smiled on seeing him like

“I had a feeling that it would be like that. It’s cold outside. You’ll
catch a cold. Let me brew you some tea.”

But Kyouji shook his head to stop Shino. His face gradually lost its
smile, showing a nervous look. Shino could only blink.
“Well...Asada-san...”
“Wha, what is it?”

“I...saw the footage of the desert cave...on the telecast...”

Shino could guess from these words and Kyouji’s expression what
he didn’t say out. Thinking about what happened back in the cave,
Shino couldn’t help but blush.
“Tha...that was...”

Shino forgot all about it—or rather, she deliberately forgot about
it; but she was lying on Kirito’s knees when he sat down at the wall,
crying and screaming. Kyouji did see that footage. She could only say
that she was too careless and caused things to end up like this.
312

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino lowered her head in a sorry manner, but Kyouji continued
on. She thought that he would ask her about her relationship with
Kirito, but what he said next surprised Sinon.
“That guy...must have threatened you, right? You could only do
that because he got something on you, right?”
“Wha, what?”

Shino looked up in surprise.

Kyouji’s eyes were giving off a strange light as he bent forward in
a half-kneel position. A hoarse voice came from his irregular moving
lips,

“You were threatened by him, and even sniped at the player he
was fighting against...but you made that guy relax and then brought
him down with you with a grenade, right? But...I don’t think that’s
enough, Asada-san. I said it before...you must show him some attitude...”
“Ah...that...”

Shino couldn’t say anything, and then frantically thought of how
to explain it.
“No...I wasn’t threatened. I knew that it was too random in the
tournament...but I nearly panicked when diving...and in this mess...I
vented my anger on Kirito...that guy. Anyway, I said a lot of things too
much.”
“...”

Kyouji widened his eyes and silently listened to Shino.

“But...that guy infuriates me, but he felt...just like my mom.
Because of that, I cried like a kid...it was really embarrassing, right?”
313

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“...Asada-san...bu...but you did that because you relapsed, right?
You...had no special feelings with that guy, right?”
“Eh...?”

“Asada-san, you said that you wanted me to wait for you, right?”

Kneeling down and bending forward, Kyouji looked extremely
nervous.

“You said that before, right? If I wait, that you’ll be mine, right?
Tha...that’s why I...”
“...Shinkawa-kun...”

“SAY IT! SAY THAT YOU HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT GUY.
SAY THAT YOU HATE HIM!”
“Wha...what’s with you...all of sudden...”

Shino did remember that she told Kyouji to ‘wait for me’ when
they were at the park before the tournament.

However, the meaning was to ‘wait until she finally shook off her
demons’. And then she would become an ordinary girl once that day
came.

“A...Asada-san, you’re strong now that you became champion, so
you won’t relapse again. So you don’t need that guy. I’ll accompany you
always. I’ll...protect you forever.”

Kyouji started muttering as if he was dreaming and stood up
before swaying towards Shino and took a few steps—he then suddenly
opened his arms and hugged Shino without holding back his strength.
“Uu...?”

314

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino felt extremely tense as she was extremely shocked. The
bones on her arms and abdomen started to ache, and the air in her
lungs were squeezed out.
“...Shin...kawa-ku...n...”

The impact and force caused Shino to gasp. However, Kyouji
exerted even more force and pressed his weight on Shino like he
wanted to get her onto the bed.

“Asada-san...I love you. I love you. My Asada-san...my Sinon.”

Kyouji’s hoarse and breaking voice didn’t sound like a love
confession, but like a curse.
“Stop...it...!”

Shino tried her best to use both hands to support her body on the
bed. She then exerted strength on her legs and used her right shoulder
to nudge Kyouji’s chest away—
“...Stop it!”

Though she could only give a hoarse voice, she finally managed to
push Kyouji’s body back, and took a large amount of breath like she
was panting.
Kyouji himself tumbled onto the seat and fell backwards. He then
ended up knocking into the teaset, and the box that had cake inside
drop and let out a little sound.

However, Kyouji himself didn’t seem to notice it as he just
continued to stare at Shino. The shocked expression on his face seemed
to show that he wouldn’t believe that Shino would reject him.
Those widened eyes soon lost their shine—and an empty voice
came out of his trembling mouth,

315

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“This won’t do, Asada-san. You can’t betray me. Only I can save
Asada-san, so you can’t look at other guys.”
After saying that, he closed in on Shino.
“...Shin, Shinkawa-san...”

Shino was still shocked as she could only mutter in a dazed
manner.

It’s true that she felt a dangerous impulse in Shinkawa’s eyes
when she invited him over for dinner and when she was hugged by
him at the park. However, Shino felt that it couldn’t be helped to a
certain extent as he was a guy, and she couldn’t imagine that kind and
feeble Shinkawa to do something out of control.
However, to Shino, who’s unable to move on the bed, Shinkawa
who’s looking down at her, had a mysterious glint in his eyes that she
never saw before.
Don’t tell me Shinkawa-kun’s going to rape me...

The interrupted thoughts flashed through Shino’s mind, and the
fear went through her body in a way that surpassed the impact.
However—

Though Shino was thinking in the right direction, it was of a
completely different manner.

Kyouji opened his mouth slightly and let out a heavy breathing
sound. He then reached his right hand into the military jacket and
looked like he was holding something.

The right hand that he held out showed a rather strange object.
316

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

That thing was about 20cm long, made by translucent milkywhite plastic.

The tip was tapered, and there was a cylinder about 3cm thick. At
the back, there was a handle-like thing protruding out diagonally, and
Kyouji’s right hand was there. Also, his thumb was placed at the green
button that’s on the joint between the handle and the cylinder.

The tip of the round cylinder had a silver metal part on it, and
what could be called a sharp tip had a little opening. Basically, it looked
like a laser gun a kid was playing with, but it couldn’t mask a certain
function despite its simple look.

The right hand that was in Kyouji’s hands trembled slightly, and
then he placed the round cylinder carelessly on Shino’s neck. That icy
feeling made all the hairs on Shino’s skin stand.
“Shin...kawa...kun...?”

Shino barely managed to squeeze these words out from her stiff
lips, but before she could finish, Kyouji said with a deep voice,

“Don’t move, Asada-san. You can’t scream too. This...is called a
needleless syringe. It has a drug called «Succinylcholine». The muscles
can’t move once this is injected, and the heart will soon stop.”

If her brain really had a mental protection shell, Shino’s shell
would have several layers punctured in today.

The cold air that came from behind her neck made Shino’s limbs
go cold. Shino realized that her limbs were starting to stiffen as she
racked her brain to understand what Kyouji meant.

What that meant was that—Kyouji wanted to kill Shino. If she
didn’t listen to him, he would use that toy-like syringe in his hand and

317

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

inject that really long English-name drug into Shino’s body to stop her
heart.

Thinking about this, another corner of Shino’s mind was thinking
and asking herself, Is this a joke? How can Shinkawa-kun do such a
thing? But in fact, Shino’s lips didn’t move as they felt like a ton. And
the cold hard metal cylinder was pressed at her neck—or more
accurate—it was 5cm below her left ear. This cold feeling continued to
deny the possibility that Kyouji was joking.
Shino couldn’t see Kyouji’s expression as she was facing the light,
but still stared at his face blankly. His still tender-looking round face
twitched its chin slightly, shooting out a voice without restraint.
“It’s alright, Asada-san. You don’t have to be scared. Soon...we’ll
be together as one. I want to offer all the feelings I had accumulated
all~this while to you. I’ll inject it gently into you...so you won’t feel any
pain at all. Don’t worry, just leave everything to me.”

Shino couldn’t understand anything of what he said at all. It really
sounded like Japanese, yet it sounded like a language from a certain
country. Two words continued to ring in her ears.
This is called a needleless syringe, and it can stop your heart.

Syringe, heart. It felt like...she heard these words somewhere
before.

In the desert under the night sky, inside the small cave, the boy
who looked like a girl said this before. «Zekushiido» and «Usujio
Tarako» may have a certain drug injected into them that caused heart
failure...but that seemed like something that happened in a distant
dreamland.
In that case—tha—that means...

318

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Shino’s lips moved like they were numb, and then, she heard her
own hoarse voice.
“That...that means...you...you’re the other «Death Gun»?”

The syringe that was placed at the neck suddenly jerked. Kyouji
gave an admiring smile like how he would when talking to Shino.

“...Heh, that’s too amazing. As expected of Asada-san...you saw
through the secret of «Death Gun». That’s right. I’m the other «Death
Gun». Even so, «Sterben» before this BoB was controlled by me. I’m
really happy that you saw me shoot Zekushiido in the Gurokken bar.
But, for today, I want to be active in the real world. I can’t accept other
guys touching Asada-san. Even if we were brothers.”
This umpteenth shock caused Shino’s body to tense up again.

Kyouji did mention before that he had an older brother, but he
merely mentioned how this brother of his was always sick ever since
young and always moved from home to hospital. He never said
anything other than that, so Shino never asked.

“B...bro...brother? The one who joined the red guild in
SAO...was...your brother?”

This time, it was Kyouji’s turn to widen his eyes in shock.

“Wow, so you even knew about that. Shoichi nii-san said that
much in the tournament? Maybe nii-san really admired Asada-san. But
Asada-san, you can relax. I won’t let anyone else touch you. Actually...I
didn’t intend to inject this into Asada-san. Nii-san may get angry...but
because Asada-san, you said that you’ll be mine in the park...”

Kyouji paused. The intoxicated smile on his face disappeared, and
his expression went back to being blank.

319

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“...But...Asada-san, and that guy, actually...you must have been
tricked by him. I don’t know what that guy said, but I’ll chase him away
immediately. I’ll make you forget about him.”
As the syringe was still held at Shino’s neck, Kyouji used his left
hand to grab Shino’s right shoulder and pressed Shino down onto the
bed like that. He then got up the bed and moved onto Shino’s thighs.
While doing that, he was still murmuring like he was daydreaming,

“...Don’t worry, I won’t let Asada-san be alone. I’ll accompany you
immediately after. We shall be reborn in GGO...no, in a more fantasylike game, and then we’ll become husband and wife and have a
wonderful life. We’ll have adventures...and then we’ll have kids. That’ll
be great!”

Though Shino heard the nonsensical ramblings from Kyouji, that
numb part of her thinking ability was still thinking—the police will be
here soon, so I have to talk to him more.

“But...if you’re not here as a partner, your brother will be troubled,
right...an..and, I didn’t get shot in the game. If I die, that Death Gun
rumor you guys worked hard to build on will be doubted.”

Shino continued to move her dry tongue as she said all that, and
Kyouji moved the syringe in his right hand and pressed onto Shino’s
collarbone, revealing a stiff smile.

“Don’t worry. There were three targets today, so nii-san brought
another person also. That was another guild member of his during SAO.
That person would soon take over my position, and...how can I put
Asada-san in the same conversation as trash like Zekushiido and Usujio
Tarako? Asada-san’s not Death Gun’s belonging, but mine. Once Asadasan goes off...I’ll bring you to the endless abyss, and then I’ll follow
after. So, please wait for me halfway there.”
320

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Kyouji’s left hand carefully moved into up Shino’s abdomen inside
the tank top timidly. He touched with his fingertips a few times before
using his entire hand.

The fear and irritation made Shino get goosebumps, but she really
wanted to talk on. If she moved or screamed, the seemingly gentle boy
in front of her would definitely press the syringe. Unfortunately,
Kyouji’s voice and expression showed that he would definitely do this.
Thus, Shino could only keep her cool and say,
“...We, well...you haven’t used this syringe in the real world,
right...? The...there’s still time. You can start afresh. Don’t think of
dying...you still have the high-school equivalent of General Scholastic
Ability Test? And there’s still remedial classes, right? Don’t you want to
be a doctor...?”
“General Scholastic Ability Test...?”

Kyouji tilted his head like he heard that term for the first time. He
repeated it a few times before finally going ‘ahh...’. The left hand left
Shion and reached inside the jacket.
He took out a thin piece of paper from his pocket.

“Do you want to take a look?”

He gave a self-mocking smile and handed the piece of paper over
to Shino.
Shino was rather familiar with this paper that had certain
numbers on them—that’s the mock exam results slip. However, the
scores and segments for each subjects could be said to be so bad that
nobody could believe it.
“Sh...Shinkawa-kun...this is...”

321

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“It’s funny, isn’t it? To think that there’s such a rating...”

“Bu...but, your parents...”

What Shino meant was that ‘your parents would still let you play
with the AmuSphere after seeing such scores’, and Kyouji immediately
understood what she wanted to say.

“Fufu, this sort of results slip...I can make it with a printer. Besides,
I told my parents that I was wearing the AmuSphere for long-distance
learning. They won’t help me with GGO’s monthly fees, but that small
sum of money can be earned easily from the game...it should be easy to
earn it, originally...”
The smile on Kyouji’s face suddenly disappeared. He frowned,
and the gritted teeth were exposed.

“...I had enough of this boring world. Whether it’s my
parents...those guys at school, they’re all bastards. Once I become the
strongest in GGO...I’m satisfied. At...at first, «Spiegel» was supposed to
be the strongest player...”

Shino felt Kyouji’s hand trembling from the syringe that’s placed
at her neck, and held her breath as she was worried that Kyouji would
press it.

“But...Zekushiido, that scumbag...lying about how AGI-type are the
strongest...that damned bastard caused Spiegel to be unable to even
equip an M16...damn it...damn it...”

The anger in Kyouji’s voice was so deep that nobody could tell
that he was talking about the game.

“Now...I can’t even earn my monthly connection fee...GGO’s my
everything...I gave up on everything in the real world...”

322

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“...So that’s why....that’s why you killed Zekushiido...?”

Though she was thinking whether he killed him because of this
reason, Shino still asked that. Kyouji blinked hard a few times and then
showed a drunken smile.
“Yeah. To create the legend of «Death Gun» being the strongest in
GGO...no, in all the VRMMOs, that guy would be the best sacrifice! Once
I kill Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako, then Pale Rider and Garret who
appeared in this tournament, no matter how foolish the other players
are, they’ll know that Death Gun really has the ability to kill. The
strongest...I’m the strongest...”
Perhaps unable to restrain the excitement rising inside him,
Kyouji’s entire body started to tremble.

“...Now there’s no need to waste time in such a boring world.
Here...Asada-san. Let’s evolve into the «next step».”
“Shi...Shinkawa-kun...”

Shino desperately shook her head and plead with Kyouji.

“No. You...can still head back. You can still start afresh. Come
along and surrender yourself with me...”
“...”

But Kyouji merely looked afar and shook his head.

“...There’s nothing worth living for in the real world. Come, be one
with me, Asada-san...”
That left hand start patting Shino’s face as it accompanied his
feeble voice, and his fingers went around Shino’s hair.

323

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Kyouji’s fingertips were very dry. As the cracks on the fingers
stroked Shino’s soft skin near her ear, she could feel a slight pain.
However, Kyouji looked like he didn’t notice Shino’s expression as he
continued on like he was daydreaming,

“Asada-san...my Asada-san...I always liked you...ever since
I...heard about Asada-san’s situation...in school...I always...”
“...Eh...”

Shino hesitated for a bit before realizing what Kyouji was saying.
But after thinking about it, she couldn’t help but widen her eyes.
“Wha...what’s...going on...”

“I always liked you...always admired you...”

“...Then you...”

Shino muttered in her head ‘no way’, and then asked with a voice
that was about to disappear,
“You...talked to me...because you knew about that incident...?”

“Of course.”

Kyouji’s left hand stroked Shino’s face like he was comforting a
kid and then nodded passionately.

“I think if there’s a girl who once used a real gun to shoot and kill
someone, you’ll be the only one in all of Japan who had done that.
That’s really amazing. Didn’t I say that Asada-san has real power?
That’s why I chose the «Type-54 handgun» to create the ultimate
weapon of «Death Gun». Asada-san’s the one I admired the most. I love
you...I love you...I love you more than anyone else...”
“...How is that...possible...”

324

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

—To think that there’s such an eccentric person.

Shino once thought that this boy was the only friend she could get
along with other than her relatives. However—his mind was already in
another world. Ever since the beginning, both of them had a huge gap
between them that couldn’t be measured.

Shino’s heart finally sank into the abyss of despair. Her vision,
hearing and all her sense lost their significance as the world gradually
left her.
Shino lost all her strength in her body.

In her vision that lost focus, Kyouji’s eyes above her were looming
like black holes. Those eyes looked as if they were tunnels to the deep
dark world—
They were the eyes of that guy.

That guy who was hiding in the shadows of the night streets, the
window openings, «Death Gun»‘s mask and all the darkness, looking
for a chance, still came back in the end.

Shino’s fingers immediately went cold. The feelings of her
fingertips started to leave her body and consciousness, and her entire
soul shrank.

In the deepest area of this shell called the human body, Shino who
was trapped in the small and cramped darkness returned back to the
time when she was a kid, all curled up. She didn’t want to see or feel
anything.

The 16 years she lived were so icy and cruel. It took the father she
had never seen before, took her mother’s heart, and even took away a
part of Shino’s soul with great malice.

325

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

The adults in this world who saw her would look interested as if
they were looking at some strange animal also had intense irritation in
them. Kids at the same age however mocked her and humiliated her.

But this world itself didn’t seem satisfied as it wanted to take
Shino’s life while she already had nothing. She really didn’t want to
admit that this was the one «truth» in this world.

However, this wasn’t reality. These were just certain things that
happened in this overlapping world. In these worlds, there should be
«a world where nothing happened».

Not knowing Shinkawa Kyouji, not going through the post office
incident, her father not having died in the traffic accident. A certain
world should have an ordinary Asada Shino living a peaceful life. Shino
curled in the darkness and gradually became a lifeless thing, but her
soul kept pushing her to look for her smiling profile in the warm sun.
At this moment, Shino suddenly felt an urge to argue back at
herself from the irony.
If she was unable to accept the cruel reality and escape into
fantasy, wouldn’t she be like Shinkawa Kyouji to some extent.

Bullied at school, being treated like that by his parents, the heavy
pressure of exams...Shinkawa Kyouji gave up on these «realities» and
went to the virtual world for redemption. Kyouji believed that if he
could get the title of the ‘strongest’ in the virtual world, he would be
able to cover over that weak him in the real world. But now that the
wish vanished, he crashed too.

Like Kyouji, Shino yearned to be the strongest in the world called
Gun Gale Online, and she felt that this goal would form some sort of
326

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

inspiration, and she thought that she found a way to settle her own
problems.

The icy cold hand that came from deep inside Shino’s swamp of
memories finally grabbed her and got ready to drag her into the dark
abyss. However, she couldn’t resist, and couldn’t even open her eyes.
Every effort was futile.

Shino could only think in an interrupted manner like water
bubbles floating up from the riverbed, however, she suddenly
remembered...
If it’s that guy, what will he do?

That boy who was locked in the virtual prison for 2 years, took a
few lives in it, should have lost important people in his long battle. He
should have felt regret over it, right? He would definitely hate the
virtual world that took lots of things, correct?

No, he wouldn’t do that. No matter what sort of trials he faced, he
wouldn’t abandon the responsibility he had. It’s because he was that
sort of person that he was able to win in that battle of despair against
Death Gun.
—You’re really strong, Kirito.

Shino muttered deep inside the dark abyss.

—You finally managed to save me...but I betrayed your kind intents.
I’m sorry...
Kirito said that he would get the police over once he logged out.
She didn’t know how much time elapsed since she logged out, but it
looked like it was too late. It’s unknown what sort of thoughts he
would have if he knew that Shino’s killed. This really made her worry...

327

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Thinking about that, her thoughts started to create a chain
reaction, and a certain worry lit the darkness in the girl’s heart like a
weak lamp.

Kirito—-will it be over after that lightsaber warrior contacted his
associate? Maybe he might even drive over to my apartment. But even in
this case, it’ll be too late. Once Kirito meets Shinkawa Kyouji in this
room, Kyouji might do something. He might run away or stop
struggling...or rather, will he attack Kirito with the syringe in his hand?
From the way Kyouji showed his hatred against Kirito, it was likely
that he would do that.
Maybe she was destined to die.

But—after thinking about how it would involve that boy—that
would—
That would be a different case altogether.
...Even so, there’s no other way.

The young Shino, who was lying in the midst of darkness, was all
curled up and refused to receive any information through the eyes or
ears. At this moment, the sniper girl with desert-colored muffler Sinon
knelt beside her, placed her hand on the slender shoulders and said
softly,

...Up till now, we had only been looking out for ourselves, fighting
for ourselves, so we couldn’t hear Shinkawa’s inner voice. But—it may be
too late, but we should at least fight for others.
Shino’s opened her eyes slowly while she was sinking in the
darkness. A white, slender yet strong hand reached out to her. Shino
timidly grabbed that hand.
328

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Sinon from the game smiled and helped Asada Shino out. She
moved her pink lips and said clearly.
Come, let’s go.

Both of them kicked the darkness and started moving up to the
light at the water surface.
Shino blinked hard and again returned to the real world.

Kyouji was still holding the syringe in his right hand as he pressed
it against Shino’s neck, and his left hand was trying to take off Shino’s
tank top. However, he wasn’t able to take it off with one hand, and
showed an anxious expression. Soon after, he started tugging at the
fabric that was about to be torn.
Shino pretended to be pulled by him and turned her body left.
The tip of the syringe slid off from Shino’s body and stabbed into the
bed.

Shino immediately used this chance to grab the cylinder with her
left hand, and then used her right palm to strongly press at Kyouji’s
lower jaw.

‘Gu!’, with a sound of impact, Kyouji went backwards, and the
weight that was pressing down on Shino’s body disappeared. She then
used her right hand to push a few times and then tugged at the syringe
with her left hand. If she didn’t use this chance, her last hope will then
vanish.
However, Kyouji was using his better hand to grab the handle,
and Shino merely grabbed the slippery cylinder with her left hand, so
Shino was in a disadvantage in this tug-of-war. Kyouji recovered and

329

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

pulled his right hand back, making a strange sound as he swung his left
hand.
“Gu...!”

His fist landed hard on Shino’s right shoulder. As the syringe was
plucked out from her left hand, Shino rolled back from the front edge of
the bed. She hit the writing desk with her back, and one of the drawers
slid out, dropped and scattered things all over the place.

Having been injured in the back, Shino was immediately unable to
breathe and could only pant to get air. Kyouji was pressing his lower
jaw on the bed, but he immediately lifted his head and looked at Shino.

His eyes were rounded, and the lips that were glowing with saliva
were numb. From the way he was bleeding on the lips, it looked like he
bit his own tongue. Soon after, he let out a hoarse voice,
“Why...?”

He slowly shook his head, seemingly feeling disbelief.

“Wh, why must it be like this...? Asada-san only has me! I’m the
only one who understands Asada-san! I’ve always been helping
you...always been protecting you...”

On hearing his words, Shino recalled a few days ago. As she was
on the way back from school, she was surrounded by Endo and the rest
and was extorted, and Kyouji just happened to pass by and save her—
Looking at things now, it wasn’t a coincidence.

It was likely that Kyouji tailed Shino every day after she left
school until she entered her own house, and would log into GGO to
wait for Shino to enter the game.
330

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

That could only be called madness. Shino seemed to realize a little
that he had some dangerous aspect about him, but never noticed this
terrifying nature of his at all. Was this the result of not being open with
someone? Even in this situation, Shino still felt bitter inside.
“Shinkawa-kun...”

Shino moved her stiff lips and said,

“...Everything’s painful...but I still like this world. I guess I’ll like it
more in the future. So...I can’t go with you.”

As she said that, Shino got ready to get up. While supporting
herself on the floor with the right hand, her fingertips felt something
heavy and cold.

She immediately knew what it was. That was an object she always
hid deep inside that drawer. It was the symbol of all her fears in the
real world. It was the participation prize she had in the 2nd BoB
tournament—the model gun «Procyon SL».
Shino fumbled with her fingers before grabbing it, and then
slowly raised this heavy handgun at Kyouji.

The gun in her hand felt abnormally cold like ice. Shino’s right
hand immediately felt slowed, and the numbness crept up her arm.

She knew that this wasn’t the cold freezing feeling in the real
world. Even though she knew that it was a mental rejection, she
couldn’t stop this feeling from happening. That fear which couldn’t be
explained came out from deep inside her heart like black liquid.
The white wallpaper that was speck-clean seemed to shake like
water, and the grey concrete cracks behind the wall started to appear
in front of her. The wood-based floor faded in color and became a

331

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

green flax carpet. The protruding windows became the counter too. As
Shino recovered, she found out that she was standing in the middle of
an old post office.

Kyouji’s face that was being pointed at suddenly melted. His skin
changed to a person with oily yellow skin, lots of wrinkles, and a set of
yellow teeth in the dry mouth. The syringe in his right hand
unknowingly became the old automatic handgun that was giving a dark
glow—and the gun in Shino’s hand became the same thing.

Predicting what would happen next, Shino sank into extreme
panic. Her stomach felt like it was pushed up, and her muscles tensed
up.

No, I don’t want to look. I really want to throw aside this Blackstar
in my hand and get away from here.
But if she ran away here, everything would be wasted. The things
that were as important as her life would also disappear.

She was fighting her fear as Asada Shino when she relapsed, and
she was fighting against many powerful foes as the sniper Sinon.
Perhaps these experiences would never bring any outcome. But—
This so-called strength is the process of moving forward.

Shino gritted her teeth and cocked the gun with her thumb. The
apparition that appeared in front of Shino disappeared with this hard
and heavy sound.
Kyouji, who knelt on the bed, watched the Procyon SL that was
pointed at him and backed away slightly. Perhaps feeling scared, he
continued to blink.
He opened his mouth, and the hoarse voice then followed.

332

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

“...What do you want to do, Asada-san. Tha...that’s just a model
gun, right? Do you really think that that thing can stop me?”

Shino placed her left hand on the table, exerting strength into her
lifeless legs to get up and answered Kyouji,

“You said it before. I have real power. You said it before that there
aren’t any other girls who used a handgun to shoot someone else
before.”
“...”

Kyouji’s face turned as white as paper and tensed up, backing
away.

“So this isn’t a model gun any more. Once I press this trigger, I’ll
shoot a real bullet to kill you.”

Shino pointed the handgun at Kyouji and then slowly moved to
the kitchen.
“Yo...you want to...kill...me...?”

Kyouji muttered like he was daydreaming and slowly shook his
head.
“Asada-san wants...to kill me...?”

“Yes. You’ll be the only one going to that world.”

“NO...NO...I DON’T WANT...TO BE ALONE...!!!”

Kyouji’s eyes lost all signs of consciousness. He looked up at the
space blankly and knelt down on the bed.
Seeing his right hand loosen up and the syringe nearly falling
completely onto the bedsheet, Shino hesitated over whether she
should use this chance to snatch that thing. However, if she agitated

333

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Kyouji, he may really lose his senses and attack. Thus, Shino continued
to move slowly to the kitchen.
When her eyes couldn’t see Kyouji, she immediately kicked the
floor and ran to the door.

A mere 5m distance felt so far away. She tried her best not to let
out any footsteps as she moved pass the kitchen. As she ran to the
corridor and stepped onto it...

The mat slid backwards, and Shino felt down. She swung her right
hand to get balance, and the model gun flew out and landed in the
basin, creating a loud sound.
Even though she didn’t managed to fall, the left kneecap hit the
floor, causing Shino to feel pain. However, she continued to try and
reach her body out and use her right hand to grab the door handle.

However, the door wouldn’t budge. At this moment, Shino noticed
that the door was still locked and gritted her teeth while unlocking it.

CLAK. Just as the sound of the door unlocking reached Shino’s
fingers—
An icy hand held her right ankle hard.
“...!”

Shino held her breath and looked back, and found that the
distraught Kyouji was lying on the floor and grabbing her foot. She did
not know where the syringe went.

Shino tried to shake him off and moved her foot about, and her
hand went all the way, reaching out to try and pull the door open.
However, her fingers did touch the door handle, but she didn’t hold it.
That’s because Kyouji’s amazing strength pulled her back.

334

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Even after Kyouji pulled her to the kitchen for several centimeters,
Shino still used her left hand to grab the step of the corridor to resist.

If she screamed here, her voice may reach outside. But just when
Shino was about to scream out, her throat got stuck and couldn’t take
in air, causing only a hoarse voice.
Kyouji’s strength could be said to be far more than usual. That
skinny body of his which was only about as tall as Shino showed such
arm power from nothing. Shino’s left hand was finally pulled away
from the step, and she was then pulled deep into the kitchen.

Kyouji’s face immediately pressed down. Even though Shino held
her right hand tight and got ready to push at his lower chin, Kyouji
grabbed it with his left hand the moment she touched the skin. That
wrist felt as tight as a tiger clamp, and a sharp pain exploded deep
inside her brain.
“AsadasanAsadasanAsadasan…”

After a while, Shino realized that the strange sound Kyouji was
making was actually her name. Kyouji’s face lost all focus and his
mouth was giving off white foam as he slowly brought his mouth close
in. The mouth he brought over was really big, showing two rows of
teeth that looked like they were ready to rip Shino’s skin away. Shino
wanted to push him away with her left hand, but her left hand was
soon grabbed by Kyouji’s right hand.
Shino’s hands were restrained, but she intended to wait for
Kyouji to close in and bite his neck. Just when Shino’s mouth was
becoming tense for that moment—

A sudden guest of cold air blew past Shino’s shoulders. Kyouji
looked up behind Shino, and his eyes and mouth were open wide.

335

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Just when Shino was thinking about what happened, a black
whirlwind rushed in front of her from the door that was opened
unknowingly—it should be someone, at least, as he used his knee to
smash into Kyouji’s face.

Dodo, with that sound, Shino could only look flabbergasted as she
watched the mysterious intruder who rolled into the room with Kyouji.

Kyouji, who collapsed onto the floor, was bleeding from the nose
and the mouth, and a young man she never met before was on him.

That person had slightly long black hair, and he was dressed in a
similarly black rider suit. Shino thought that he could be another
resident from the apartment, but once the guy—or boy turned around
to shout, Shino immediately knew his true identity.
“HURRY UP AND GET AWAY, SINON! GET SOMEONE TO HELP!”
“Kiri…”

As she muttered blankly, Shino hurriedly got up. She knew she
had to get away from this place as soon as possible, but her feet just
wouldn’t follow.

Finally, Shino grabbed the edge of the sink and finally managed to
stand up. So he did personally come over from Ochinomizu. This meant
that the police would be here soon. At that time, Shino forced herself to
move her weak legs towards the entrance and ran a few steps—
Shino remembered something important.

Kyouji had a fatal weapon. She had to warn Kirito.

Just when she turned around and got ready to shout,
336

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

337

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Kyouji, who was pressed down on the floor, completely lost his
senses and let out a wild beast like howl. Kirito’s body was then pushed
aside, and both of them swapped places.

“SO IT’S…….YYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!!!”

Kyouji’s roar sounded like the echo from a large audio speaker,
and the volume was so loud it nearly broke the eardrums of those near
him.
“DON’T YOU GET NEAR MY ASADA-SAAANNNN!!!”

Kirito was ready to support his body, but Kyouji’s left fist hit his
face and let out a heavy impact sound. Kyouji then reached his right
hand into the jacket pocket and took out that savage gun-shaped
syringe.
“KIRITO—!”

Just when Shino shouted that…

“GOOOOO TOOOOOO HEEEEEEEELLLLLL!!!!!!!”

Kyouji roared out.

Byutsu~ The high pressure syringe stabbed into Kirito’s chest, on
the T-shirt that showed itself under the rider’s jacket, and let out a soft,
sharp yet clear sound.

What was terrifying was that the sound was really similar to the
high-capability silencers installed on guns.

Of course, Shino only knew about the sound effects of the
imaginary guns in Gun Gale Online, and in fact, she didn’t know what
the sound would be like if it was silenced in real life. However, to Shino,
who was familiar with this sound, it meant that she should step up and
338

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

face the threat. The moment she recovered, she found herself running
forward.
She took a few steps, rushed past the kitchen and then
subconsciously looked for the most effective weapon. Finally, she
chose the stereo on the table, and grabbed the handle with her right
hand.

This machine Shino used for a long time had quite some history,
and it could be said to be abnormally big, about as large as modern
wall-speakers. Shino used her waist to support this rectangular body
that was less than 3kg and quickly swung it behind her—

And then used centrifuge force to hit the left side of Kyouji’s face,
which was showing a smile that looked like he lost it.

Shino almost didn’t feel any shock or feeling when she struck him,
but after Kyouji was sent flying away fast, his head hit the corner edge
of the bedframe, letting out a heavy sound that still clearly remained in
her ears.
After half a second, Kyouji, who was struck on both sides of the
head, moaned as he collapsed onto the floor. His right hand was
loosened, and the high pressure syringe rolled out.

Shino didn’t know whether that thing could continuously inject
drugs, but she still took it. Kyouji was already showing white eyes and
moaning away. It seemed that he was unable to move for the time
being.

Shino thought about using a belt or something to tie Kyouji’s
hands up, but before that, there was something more important for her
to do. She then turned around…
“Kirito…!”

339

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

She gave a soft cry and knelt down beside the boy.

This boy who was as tender looking as his character in the game
recognized Shino and said with a hoarse voice,
“I’ve been had…to think…that he would have a syringe…”

“Where? Where were you stabbed?”

Throwing the syringe aside, Shino hurriedly undid Kirito’s rider
jacket zipper.

I have to call the hospital. But before that, I have to do immediate
emergency first aid. But what should I do to clear the toxin from the
chest—Shino’s mind continued to be filled with random thoughts, and
her fingers started trembling.

Under the jacket was a faded blue T-shirt, and what just landed
straight on the heart was a worrying stain. She didn’t know how much
«piercing ability» the syringe had, but it shouldn’t be something that
could be blocked by a thin T-shirt.
“You can’t die…you can’t die like this!”

Shino wailed in a teeny-weeny voice as she rolled up the T-shirt
from the jeans.

That flat stomach and chest of Kirito’s were immediately exposed,
and his skin was rather white for a guy. However, slightly right from
the center of the chest, where the T-shirt stain was—there was
something stuck on it.
“…?”

Shino looked bewildered as she looked at that object.
340

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

That was a round object that was about 3cm thick. The silver
round plate had a suction cap that was made from yellow rubber. Also,
there was something on the edge of the round pad that looked like a
socket, but there wasn’t anything on it.

The metal circle was completely wet on the surface, and there
was a thin fluid flowing down. That transparent fluid should be the
fatal drug «Succinylcholine» that Kyouji said.

Shino hurriedly looked around the floor, and on finding the tissue
paper box, she drew two out and then carefully wiped the fluid away.
She brought her face a few centimeters away from Kirito’s chest, and
then thoroughly checked for any high-pressure fluid injected in near
the mysterious pad.
No matter how she looked, Kirito’s chest didn’t look like it had
any damage. The high pressure syringe seemed to have pierced
through the T-shirt and hit the metal circle pad that was only a few
centimeters wide, and the liquid that was injected was blocked by this
hard object on the outside. She tried to place her hand on the pad, and
immediately felt a strong and forceful heartbeat.

Shino blinked and moved her eyes up, seeing that Kirito’s face
was moaning and keeping the eyes close.
“Hey…listen to me…”

“Uu…I can’t make it…I can’t breathe…”

“Hey, listen to me.”

“…Damn it…I can’t think of…any last words…at this moment…”
“What’s this that’s stuck on you?”
“…Eh?”

341

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

Kirito again widened his eyes, lowered his head and looked at his
chest. He then frowned in surprise and used his right hand finger to
touch the metal circle pad.
“…Don’t tell me…the drug hit this place?”
“Seems that way…what’s going on?”

“…Well…that should be the electrode of the ECG…”

“Wha…what? Why is there such a thing…is your heart bad…?”

“Not really…just a means to counter «Death Gun»…that, that’s
right, I was panicking so the cable snapped and there was still one on
me…”
Kirito forcefully heaved a sigh and said softly,

“Really…I was nearly scared to death…”
“I…”

Shino used both hands to grab Kirito on the collar and lifted him.

“—I WAS THE ONE WHO SHOULD BE SAYING THAT! I…I
THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE DEAD THERE!!”

Perhaps after shouting, all her tension disappeared as Shino
suddenly felt darkness in front of her eyes. She slowly shook her head
and looked at Kyouji who collapsed slightly afar.
“Is…he still alive?”

As Kirito asked her, Shino timidly reached her hand out to hold
Kyouji’s limp right wrist. Luckily, his hand was giving a clear pulse.
Shino had the thought of wanting to tie Kyouji up, but she really
couldn’t look straight at him now that his eyes were closed, and could
only look away. Shino didn’t want to think about Kyouji anymore. Even

342

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 15

though she didn’t have any anger or sadness in that, there was a severe
emptiness in her.
Shino kneeled down and blankly stared at the high-pressure
syringe that rolled onto the floor—she should call it the real «Death
Gun». A few seconds later, she finally spoke up,
“Anyway…thanks for coming over to help…”

Kirito smiled like usual and then shook his head.

“Don’t worry…I didn’t really help much…and I was nearly late, so,
sorry. Because Kiku…my associate didn’t really understand my
explanation…are you alright?”
Shino nodded her head.

At this moment, a fluid flowed out from her eyes.
“Eh…that’s strange…”

Even though her mind was blank and couldn’t think, the tears that
flowed down the face continued to land on the floor.

Shino kept quiet, and tears just streamed out from her eyes. She
knew that if she started talking, she would start crying.
And Kirito didn’t do anything as well as he remained silent.

After a while, Shino noticed the police car siren that came from
afar, but her tears didn’t have any intention of stopping. The large tears
silently rolled down, and she realized—that the emptiness in her chest
came from the heavy loss.

343

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Chapter 16
At this point, the wide sky would make people think of the vast
galaxy behind it.

This «wideness of the sky» was a feeling that virtual reality would
never be able to duplicate. The autumn season that passed seemed to
be all forgotten, and the blue sky looks like herds of sheeps as they
gathered high in the air together with the thick clouds. The fine cables
had two sparrows standing there, and the military airplane that was
flying in the air reflected the sunlight back.
Shino stared at this vast and endless scenery, and she looked like
she wouldn’t be irritated by it.

The wind now would be considered warm for mid-December, and
the after school noise from students wouldn’t reach the back of the
school. Normally, the sky in the capital of Tokyo would be covered with
a thin grey, but today, it looked like a town in the north. Shino sat
beside the flowerbed with black soil and placed her bag on her knees.
And then, she let her soul move through the unlimited space for about
10 minutes.

However, a moment later, several footsteps accompanied by
laughter were heard as they got near to Shino and pulled her back from
space to earth.
She turned her neck that was trying its best to look up, pulled her
white shawl and waited for those intruders to walk near.

344

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Endou and her two companions came in from the northwest area
of the school building and the large incinerator. They smirked upon
seeing Shino and showed cruel smiles.
Shino’s left hand took up the bag and said,

“Since you took the initiative to invite me, don’t be late.”

After hearing Shino said that, a lackey of Endou blinked her thick
eyelids, kept her smile and shouted,
“Asada, you’re really mischievous nowadays, aren’t you!”

The other lackey said with a similar tone,

“Yeah~ isn’t this too much to treat your friends like that?”

The 3 people, who were about 2m away from Shino, each thought
that they could give threatening looks which they thought would be
most effective. Shino stared hard at the predatory insect-like narrow
eyes belonging to Endou who was standing in the center.
Both of them remained silent for a few seconds. Endou then
smiled and lifted her chin,

“Oh well, we’re friends anyway. Oh yeah, if we have troubles, you
should help us. We’re a little tight here...”
On hearing her say that, the other two starting laughing,

“So just lend us 20,000 yen first.”

Endou said that in a tone like she was borrowing rubber eraser.

Shino took off her NXT optical glasses that didn’t even have a
prescription on the lens, and put it in her skirt pocket. She gave them
the sternest of looks at Endou’s trio, and said each word out clearly,

345

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“I said it before. I don’t have money to lend you.”

At this moment, Endou’s eyes narrowed like cables. She gave a
stubborn look from her face and said with a deeper voice,
“...Don’t think you can continue to be so arrogant. Speaking of
which, I really brought that thing with me from nii-san, so don’t go
crying, Asada.”
“...Whatever.”

Shino thought that these people wouldn’t be so daring as to take
out a gun near school, but Endou actually smirked and reached her
hand into her school bag.

A black automatic pistol was whipped out from that bag which
had lots of dolls hanging on it. This scene really gave a little sense of
black comedy. Endou gingerly pulled out the large model gun and then
pointed it at Shino with her right hand.
“I heard that this can blow a hole in thick cardboard. Nii-san told
me not to use it to shoot someone, but you won’t listen to that right,
Asada? You’re used to it.”
Shino’s eyes were naturally taken in by the black handgun.

Her heartbeat hastened. The ringing in her ears caused all other
sounds to leave. She started breathing hard, and an icy feeling started
to move up her fingertips.

However, Shino gritted her teeth and motivated all her mental
strength to look away from the the gun’s profile. Her eyes moved from
Endou’s right hand that was holding the gun, then started moving to
the arm, and then to the shoulder, the dyed hair and finally Endou’s
face.

346

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Endou’s eyes were pulsating with their blood vessels showing
due to over excitement, and the irises were turning an ugly black, the
owner of the handgun was just a pitiful worm who’s drunk in violence.
The real terror wasn’t the gun itself, but the person holding it.

Perhaps because Shino didn’t give the expected response, Endou
anxiously smirked and said these words,

“Cry, Asada. Kneel down and beg for forgiveness. Or else I’ll really
shoot.”

Then, she aimed the model gun at Shino’s left shoulder before
smiling. Her shoulders and arms jerked slightly, and Shino immediately
knew that she was going to squeeze the trigger. However, the bullet
didn’t fire.
“Damn it, what’s going on!”

Though she squeezed the trigger a few more times, she could only
hear the sound of plastic rubbing against each other.
Shino took a deep breath, gained strength all over her body,
threw the bag onto the floor and reached her arms out.

She used her left thumb to press down hard on Endou’s right
wrist, and got the gun while her grip weakened. She then slid the index
finger into the trigger guard, and the handle easily landed in her hands.
The gun felt like plastic, but it was heavy.
“A 1911 Government? Your brother really likes such traditional
designs. Just doesn’t fit my tastes, though.”
Shino said that and showed the left side of the gun at Endou.

“The Government has a hand safety and a grip safety, and you
can’t shoot it without opening these two safeties.”

347

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Clak, clak. With these two sounds, both safeties were removed.

“Also, it’s a single-action gun, so you have to lift the hammer right
from the beginning.”
Shino flicked the hammer up with her thumb, and the trigger
lifted up slightly with a little hard sound.

She turned her eyes from the stunned Endou and company and
looked around, found a row of blue plastic bins about 6m away beside
the incinerator, and there happened to be a can on it.

Shino then placed her left hand on the grip and got into a basic
sidearms shooting stance. She lined her right eye with the sights,
aimed it at the empty can, considered for a while, lifted the gun up a
little, held her breath, and squeezed the trigger.

‘PA’. With a soft sound, a little recoil was sent to Shino’s hand.
This Government did really show recoil, and the orange bullet flew out.

As Shino wasn’t familiar with the trajectory of this gun, she
thought that the first bullet would miss. However, the bullet luckily
grazed the top of the empty can, which shocked Shino herself. The
aluminium can let out a ‘Klang’, spun like a spinning top and finally fell
and dropped from the bin.
Fuu, Shino sighed and placed the gun down. Endou’s arrogance
was already long gone as she could only stand there in shock. As Shino
looked at her eyes, she timidly closed her mouth and took half a step
back.
“No...no...”

After hearing her terrified sound, Shino relaxed her stern glance.
“...It’s true that it’s better not to use this to shoot others.”

348

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

She said that as she cocked the hammer back before closing the 2
safeties. As Shino handed over the gun, Endou’s body jerked, but still
reached out for the model gun timidly.

Shino grabbed her school bag and again tugged at her shawl. She
said goodbye to the 3 people behind her and started walking forward.
However, Endou and company didn’t respond at all. The trio could only
stand there blankly until Shino went around the corner and
disappeared.

The moment she couldn’t see Endou, Shino’s legs immediately
lost their strength as she nearly collapsed onto the floor. She finally
managed to stand up by supporting herself on the school building.

A thunderclap rang inside Shino’s ears, and the blood was flowing
quickly through her temples. The reverse flow of acid made her throat
hurt slightly. If anyone was to tell her to do what she did just now, she
would say that she wouldn’t be able to do that again.
Even so—this can be considered a first step.

Shino forced herself to move her weak legs and made herself
move away. The icy weight of the model gun was still stuck on her
hands and couldn’t be shaken off, but after putting her hand under the
dry cold wind, her touch finally began to recover. She took out her
glasses with her numb fingers and put it on.

She crossed the corridor that linked the west staircase of the
school compound and the sports hall, reached the side of the field after
walking for while, passed the sports clubs members who were running
and cheering themselves on, through the little woods on the south of
the track, and the main gate appeared in front of her.
349

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Students were going back in groups, and just when Shino was
about to pass through these people and head through the gate, she felt
that something was amiss.

Some female students were standing on the school side of the
wall, looking through the school gate, and exchanging words which she
did not know.

Shino noticed that there were 2 girls from her class who she had a
somewhat good relationship with, and she walked to them.

A girl with long hair and black framed spectacles noticed Shino,
smiled and raised her hand.
“Asada-san, are you going home now?”

“Un—what are you people doing?”

As she asked that, another girl with chestnut-colored hair that
were tied into two braids shrugged, smiled and answered,

“Listen to me. There’s a guy at the school gate with a uniform
that’s not from a nearby school. He parked his bike there and even had
two helmets. It seems like he was waiting for a student from our school.
It’s a little like gossip, but we want to know who was so daring to invite
her boyfriend over to the gate to fetch her, right?”

The moment she heard this answer, Shino immediately realized
that her face was all white. She checked her watch and was screaming
in her heart ‘no way’.

He did agree to meet her at the school gate at this time, and that
person even said that ‘don’t waste your bus fare, I’ll come over to fetch
you’. However, he shouldn’t be so aloof so as to park his vehicle in front
of the school gate—

350

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

...No, that guy would definitely do that.

Shino timidly leaned her body on the fence and peered outside
from the school gate. Immediately after that, she felt completely weak.
That male student who was wearing a uniform she had never seen
before was leaning on a bright little motorbike that had it’s tripod
down. He was holding two helmets and looking up at the sky in a dazed
manner—undoubtedly, he was the boy she got to knew two days ago.
Thinking that she would have to say hello to him and take the
back seat of the bike with dozens of people looking at her, Shino
couldn’t help but blush. She muttered inside her heart ‘I really want to
log out from here’, and squeezed out her last ounce of courage before
turning to face her classmates beside her.
“Eh...well...he...he’s my friend...”

She said in a soft voice that almost couldn’t be heard. The eyes of
the bespectacled girl widened.
“Eh...Asada-san’s?”

“Wha, what kind of friend?”

The other girl shouted out like this too. Noticing the stares that
gathered over because of these sounds, Shino could only hug her bag
and shrink back...
“So...sorry!”

Then, she started apologizing and ran away from some reason.

Shino had already went through the green bronze school gate and
arrived at the back lane as she heard a voice from behind yell out to
her,
“Explain everything clearly to me tomorrow!~”

351

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Even though she arrived beside him, this daring visitor still
looked dazed as he looked up at the blue sky.
“Well...”

After talking to him, he blinked and turned his eyes over before
showing a lazy smile on his face.
“Ah, good afternoon, Sinon.”

Meeting under the bright sun like this again, it felt like Kirito in
the real world had a transparency that seemed to have left the ground.
His slightly long black hair made his skin look more bright, and the
slender body that looked shocking like a girl looked similar to his
avatar in the virtual world.
This weak feeling, or rather, this feeble presence made Shino
remember that he once spent two years of captivity, and caused her to
keep her scathing words.
“...Good afternoon...sorry to keep you waiting.”

“It’s nothing. I just arrived too—speaking of which...why does it
feel like...”
At this moment, Kirito finally noticed the students that were
watching from near the school gate. He looked around and said,
“...Everyone’s looking at us...”

“Pl...please...”

Shino’s voice had some reluctance.

“Wouldn’t other people be noticing if you park your bike at
someone else’s school gate!?”
“I...is that so? Then...”

352

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

The boy suddenly gave off a teasing smile. Shino had seen that
smile a few times in the virtual world.

“If we continue to stay here, would the discipline teacher run over
here to make a ruckus? That seems interesting.”
“Do...don’t kid around!”

In fact, the teachers may really come over. Shino instinctively
turned back to look at the school gate and then said softly,
“Hu, hurry up and go!”
“Okay okay...”

Kirito handed the light green helmet that was hanging onto the
handle to Shino as he continued to smile.

This guy’s inner world messes me up like a mischievous imp, just
like how it was like in GGO. I can’t be fooled by his appearance—Shino
told herself deep inside her heart as she received the safety helmet. She
tilted her bag sideways and put on the half helmet. She then stopped as
she didn’t know how she was to buckle it. At this moment...
“Excuse me a for bit.”

Kirito reached his arm over and quickly hooked her helmet up.
Shino’s face again felt hot as she hurriedly pulled the mask down. She
was already starting to wonder how she was going to explain things to
everyone the next day.
“...Sinon, well...is your skirt alright?”
“I have sports shorts underneath.”

“No, that’s not the problem.”

“You can’t see it from the front seat anyway.”

353

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

After taking a potshot of revenge, Shino quickly sat down on the
back seat of the bike. As she would often take the back seat of her
grandpa’s Coyote Honda 90, she was used to it.
“Then...you better hold on tight.”

Kirito twisted the key, and the rare internal combustion engine
let out a loud roar. Shino again shrank her neck back. However, the
vibration that reached her waist and the smell of the exhaust gases
were truly memorable as she couldn’t help but smile. She then
wrapped her arms around Kirito’s slender body.
It would be a little troublesome for her to head from the Bunkyo
area of Yushima to their destination, the central area of Ginza, if she
had to take the subway. It would be easier to move around above
ground.

They drove from Ochinomizu, to Chiyoda highway before
reaching Koukyo. The bike moved slowly around the moat for safety
reasons, but luckily, the weather today was fine, and the wind that
blew past her face felt rather comfortable. After moving through the
major gate, they went through the Uchibori highway then Harumi
Avenue, turned left, went through the JR bridge, and then arrived at
Ginza Yonchome.

Even though the speed they drove at could be considered a huge
difference from riding on the three-wheeler buggy and getting away
from Death Gun, they still spent less than 15 minutes to reach the
destination. Kirito immediately parked the bike.

Shino was holding the helmet in her hand as she was led by Kirito
to a high-class cafe she had never been to before. The moment she

354

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

pushed the door aside, the waiters in white shirts and black ties bowed
deeply to them. Shino couldn’t help but panic and looked somewhat
embarrassed.
On hearing the waiter ask if it was for two, she felt whether it was
like... and panicked even more. However, a voice without restraint
suddenly was heard, breaking the entire high-class atmosphere.
“Oi~ Kirito-kun, over here!”

“Ah...we have an appointment with that guy.”

As Kirito said that, the waiter indicated that he understood
without changing his expression, bowing as he walked forward. The
shop was full of rich housewives who were going shopping, and their
high school uniforms looked very obvious. Shino could only curl back
and gingerly walk on the floor that was polished to an abnormal shine.

A tall and skinny man, who was wearing a high class deep blue
western suit, a patterned tie and black-framed spectacles, got up from
the table where both of them were headed. Shino heard that he was a
civil servant, but besides giving off that white-collar presence, he did
look like a scholar too.
As they sat at the table where the man indicated, warm towels
and the leather menu appeared in front of them.
“Here, help yourselves.”

Shino flipped the menu open as if she was prompted by the guy’s
voice, and immediately couldn’t say anything. Let alone sandwiches
and pasta, even the desserts had 4 digit numbers behind them.

Just as Shino was so shocked that she didn’t know what to do,
beside her, Kirito snorted coldly and said,

355

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“It’s better not to be nice with him. We’re spending money from
our hardworking citizens.”

The girl glanced over and found that the bespectacled guy was
smiling and nodding too.

“The, then...I’ll order this rare cheese cake with cranberry sauce
to go along...and also Earl Grey.”
Shino ordered these as her heart was going green ‘Wow, 2200
yen!’. Unexpectedly, Kirito, who was beside her, said—
“I want baked apple pudding, mont blanc and espresso.”

Those unbelievable things were said. Shino couldn’t even imagine
how much money that would cost.

The attendant bowed and walked away.The bespectacled man
reached into his pocket and took out a black business card holder. He
took a business card from the holder and then handed the business
card to Shino.
“Hello. I’m Kikuoka from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications Technology.”

He said his name with a steady voice. Shino hurriedly took the
business card and bowed back.
“He, hello...I’m Asada...Shino.”

The moment she said that, this man called Kikuoka gave an
ominous look and said,

“It’s because of our carelessness that we caused Asada-san to be
in such a dangerous situation. I’m really sorry.”
“No...no worries. You’re too kind.”

356

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

As Shino hurriedly lowered her head again, Kirito interrupted
from beside her.

“It’s better for him to apologize. If Kikuoka-san was able to
investigate more thoroughly, we wouldn’t have to meet such danger.”
“...I’m really sweating now that you mention that.”

Kikuoka lowered his head like a kid being lectured, but then lifted
his eyes and continued,
“But Kirito-kun, you never expected «Death Gun» to be a group of
people, right?”
“That’s true...”

After saying that, Kirito leaned on the chair which looked like an
antique, which then let out a creaking sound.
“Anyway...tell us what you know up till now first, Kikuoka-san.”

“Of course...but it’s only been 2 days since we knew of their
crimes. It would take some time to explain everything...”

Kikuoka took the coffee cup that was right in front of him, took a
sip, and then continued,

“While I said that there was a group, there were actually only 3
members. At least from what the leader Shinkawa Shoichi said, they
had three people.”

“That guy called Shoichi was the mantle guy who attacked Sinon
and me in BoB, right?”
Kikuoka gently nodded his head at Kirito’s question.

357

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“I guess that should be right. From the confiscated AmuSphere
records we got from his house, we were able to check that he did log
into Gun Gale Online at that time.”

“House...that guy called Shinkawa Shoichi, what kind of person
was he? Was he the mastermind?”

“...To explain all that, we have to start from the SAO incident in
year 2022. But before that...”

The waiter just so happened to arrive at this moment as he
pushed the trolley with lots of plates of food on it. After waiting for the
waiter to arrange these plates onto the table and leave, Kikuoka then
gestured Shino not to hold back.

She didn’t really have much appetite, but she should still be able
to eat it. After saying ‘itadakimasu’ with Kirito, Shino took the gold fork.
She sliced a bit off the milky white block that was dyed in bright
red sauce and placed it inside her mouth. Besides the heavy taste of
thick cheese spreading in her mouth, the cake itself melted inside.
Surprised, Shino immediately had the thought to ask for the recipe, but
thinking about it, she knew that even if she asked the shop, they
wouldn’t reveal it.
Unknowingly, she ate about half of the cake before putting her
fork down and picked up the red teacup. She took a sip of the warm
liquid that had a little orange tang in it, and the tense feeling deep
inside her was eased.
“It’s really nice...”

Shino muttered. On hearing that, Kikuoka happily said,
358

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Normally, food should accompany happy topics. But it’s alright.
We can come over another time.”
“I, I see...”

Kirito continued to eat the golden brown mont blanc in front of
him, and at this point, laughed and dampened Kikuoka’s mood.

“I’ll advise you not to. This guy’s «topics of interest» are either
dirty or disgusting.”
“That, that’s too much. I’m rather confident in my travel
experiences in southeast Asia...oh well, let’s talk about this first.”

Kikuoka took out a tablet PC from his office bag, and then touched
the screen with his long fingers.
Shino’s body tensed up slightly as she got ready to hear what this
person, who looked like a teacher, had to say.
Of course, she wanted to know all about this «Death Gun»
incident. However, at the bottom of her heart, there was a slight voice
muttering that she didn’t want anything more to do with this.

Perhaps a certain part deep within her still trusted Shinkawa
Kyouji. Even when that terrifying syringe was placed at her neck, Shino
still couldn’t hate Kyouji completely, and neither could she give up on
all her feelings for him. That person wasn’t the real him, something that
hacked into his mind caused him to do this—Shino still believed in this
saying.
It’s been about 40 hours since what happened on Sunday night.

That night—as Shino was prompted by Kirito to go to the
bathroom to wash her face and change clothes, the police arrived at
her house.

359

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shinkawa Kyouji, whose head suffered heavy trauma and was
vaguely conscious, was immediately arrested and then sent to the
hospital by ambulance.

For safety reasons, Shino and Kirito were sent to another hospital
and made to take a mandatory checkup. The doctor on duty told Shino
that she didn’t have anything other than a few bruises. Soon after, the
police started their investigations in the hospital, and she tried to clear
her mind that was still blurred by a layer of confusion, and told the
police exactly what happened inside the room.
She herself didn’t notice it, but the doctor diagnosed that her
emotional stress level was at its limit, so the police’s investigation
stopped at about 2am in the morning. Shino then spent the night in the
hospital room, and after waking up at 6am, she refused to accept the
doctor’s proposal to return to her apartment and instead went to
school.
Just like that, she groggily went through Monday, which was
yesterday. Even though Kyouji continued to skip school, he should still
be registered to the school, so Shino thought that the school would
know about it. In the end, nobody was talking about it at school.

As Shino ignored Endou and the rest completely and went back to
her apartment, the police were already waiting for her at the door.
After changing, Shino and the police went to that hospital yesterday,
and Shino took a second diagnosis from the doctor. This time, Shino
asked a lot of questions about Kyouji, but the police told her that
Kyouji was alright, but he kept quiet while being interrogated.
Because of «security reasons», the police wanted Shino to remain
in the hospital. After eating her dinner and bathing, she made a short
call to her grandparents and mother at her old home before sleeping in

360

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

the hospital room the hospital had prepared for her. The moment she
laid on the bed, Shino immediately sank into a deep sleep, and her
memory was cut off from there. It felt like she had a long dream, but
she couldn’t remember anything about it at all.

On Tuesday, which was this morning, the policemen again
escorted her to her apartment. As she was dropped off, the police told
her that her questioning would be over. Even though it was a good
thing, how would she know about developments from now on...Shino
thought as she got ready for school. Just when she was cutting a tomato
for breakfast, her phone suddenly rang. It was from Kirito. The first
thing he asked was whether Shino was free after school, and Shino
instinctively answered yes.
Just like that, Shino sat beside Kirito and waited for his
«associate»—the man who was a civil servant to speak.

Kikuoka turned to look up from the tablet PC and then lowered
his volume, probably scared that other people may hear it, .”The
General Hospital Director’s elder son Shinkawa Shoichi was frail and
sick when he was young, and often moved between his house and the
hospital ever since he graduated from middle school. He even enrolled
in high school a year late...thus, his father had already given up on
letting Shoichi take over the family business and pushed this burden
onto Kyouji, who was 3 years younger than him. The director then
started getting at home tutors for Kyouji and would sometimes even
teach him himself, and would leave Shoichi alone. Shoichi wasn’t filled
with expectations, but his younger brother was forced into despair
because of the huge expectations...that’s what their father said when he
was questioned.”
361

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Kikuoka paused at this moment and wet his lips with coffee.

Shino looked at the table surface and tried to imagine how the
«parents’ expectations» would be like. But no matter what, she just
couldn’t imagine that happening.

Even though both of them were so close, she had never noticed
that Kyouji was under so much pressure. I just kept caring about my
own stuff and never actually thought of interacting with others
truthfully—as Shino realized this again, her chest felt a sharp pain.
Kikuoka continued,

“—But even in this situation, the brothers were rather close. Once
Shoichi dropped out of high school, he turned to the internet as his
heaven and started playing MMORPG, and this interest of his affected
his brother. After that, the elder brother ended up being a captive of
«Sword Art Online» and was in a coma in his father’s hospital for 2
years. Once he survived and returned, Kyouji viewed him as some sort
of idol...or even treated him like a hero.”
At this moment, Shino noticed that Kirito beside her sounded
somewhat tense as he breathed. However, Kikuoka’s deep and calm
voice then continued,

“Once Shoichi survived, he did not mention about what happened
in SAO for a while, but after he ended his recuperation and returned
home, he started bragging about how he killed many players in that
world, how many people were scared of him, this real killer...to Kyouji
who wasn’t doing well at school and threatened by the upperclassmen,
what Shoichi said didn’t irritate him, but even made him feel relieved
and satisfied.”
“Well...”

362

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shino spoke softly. Kikuoka lifted his head and tilted his neck as if
to prompt her to continue,
“These things...were said by Shinkawa-kun, no, Kyouji, right?”

“No, these were based on conclusions made from the older
brother’s testimony. Shoichi continued to talk during the police
investigations, and even had guesses about his younger brother’s heart.
However, Kyouji was completely different from his brother and
remained silent even till now.”
“I see...”

Shino really couldn’t imagine what kind of plane Kyouji’s soul was
floating on. She even felt that if she logged into GGO, she could see
Spiegel waiting there at the bar where they meet up...even though it’s
not possible.
“Ah, please continue...”

Kikuoka nodded his head after hearing Shino’s words and then
again glanced at the tablet PC.

“We have no idea what was the key factor that made the two
brothers head down the «road of no return», so we can only guess...but
Shoichi should have started playing Gun Gale Online on Kyouji’s
suggestion. Shoichi didn’t have any phobia about the VR world that
many survivors of SAO would have, but he wasn’t that enthusiastic
when he started playing. He noted that instead of practising his skills
by fighting against monsters, he might as well wait on the streets to
observe other players and imagine ways of killing them. However, ever
since he got the «Invisible mantle» from the RMT system, everything
changed.”
“RMT...”

363

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shino couldn’t help but say it out. The mantle which Death Gun
had, the «Metamaterial Optical Camouflage» ability, should be a really
rare item that boss-like monsters would drop at a really low
percentage. The price should be much more expensive than the Hecate
II.
“Well...I guess that must be really expensive...”

After she said that, Kikuoka nodded his head, and then shook his
head with a look of disbelief.

“It’s said to be an estimated value of more than 300,000 yen.
However, Shoichi’s would get 500,000 yen in allowance from his father
every month.”

“That means...that large sniper rifle and the Estoc that was made
from the rare material were bought through money...good thing that
SAO didn’t have a trading area or an RMT...”

As Kirito muttered this, he didn’t look like he was joking at all.
Also, Kikuoka nodded his head seriously and continued,

“That’s true—ever since Shoichi could make himself disappear
with that mantle, he had been practising ways to obscure himself from
others. At this moment, he merely felt that it was interesting to tail
someone from behind...however, on a certain day, he found that the
person he was tailing went into the presidential estate to operate a
game terminal. Shoichi had an idea and took out his binoculars to try
and look at the screen from behind a pillar. And then, he immediately
found that person’s real name and address and other personal
particulars in the real world...”

364

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“In other words...he didn’t buy that invisible mantle to obtain
information, but the opposite...he had that mantle first before doing
such a thing...”
Kirito sighed and then leaned his back on the chair.

“...In the past, any MMO would have some sort of «Hiding» skill,
and it’s rare to see those who don’t have it. But...I feel that the
invisibility in VRMMO can be used to do a lot of bad things. At least it
should be banned from being used on the streets...you need to
feedback this to Zaskar, Sinon.”

As the topic was suddenly shifted to her, Shino could only
hurriedly answer,

“Y, you go submit it...but, that means that the mantle was the
reason that gave birth to «Death Gun».”

The last part of those words were obviously said to Kikuoka. The
bespectacled civil servant nodded his head and then turned his eyes to
look at the tablet PC again. After seeing his kind smile, Shino suddenly
had a strange feeling, but that didn’t matter now, so Shino didn’t say
her next thought. Kikuoka continued talking as the sunset shone on the
table surface.
“...I guess you can put it like that. Shoichi immediately memorized
the personal information on instinct and wrote it down after he logged
out. At this moment, he didn’t really have some detailed plan to go
about with this crime, but being able to get real information on players
made him happy. After that, he would spend many hours in the
presidential estate and wait for players to appear and write their real
addresses down. Finally, he got a total of 16 real player names and
addresses. Among them...Asada Shino-san, yours was included.”

365

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“...”

Shino nodded. Since it started before September, that would be
before the 2nd BoB tournament. There were about 500 players who
registered. Even if only half of them inputed their real names and
addresses so as to get the model gun, it wouldn’t be impossible to steal
16 players’ real life information.
Kikuoka continued to explain,

“On a certain day in October, the younger Kyouji indicated to
Shoichi that he had a problem with his character development. At that
time, he seemed to have said angrily that ‘it was because of the fake
information «Zekushiido» spread’, and Shoichi remembered that he
had Zekushiido’s real name and address and told it to Kyouji.”

That’s right. It was likely at that moment that the wall between
Kyouji’s imagination and the real world started to break apart.

“Shoichi indicated that it wasn’t a plan one person came up with.”

Kikuoka’s calm voice slid into Shino’s ears.

“It’s said that as the two of them were discussing about how to
handle Zekushiido’s personal information, the plan to create «Death
Gun» started to take shape. However, Shoichi mentioned that they
were just joking around in the beginning. Shooting in the game and
killing a player in real life...this sounded easy, but there were a few
difficulties in reality. After days of discussion, they slowly started to
overcome one obstacle after another. And the biggest obstacle they
faced was the master key that could break electronic locks and the way
to inject drugs...”

366

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“A General Hospital should have a legal master key to open a
patient’s house when there’s an emergency. I guess their father’s
hospital...”

After hearing it from Kirito, Kikuoka looked like he was blowing a
silent whistle as he curled his lips.

“As expected of Kirito. Actually, the government was promoting
keyless sensor door locks to add control to personal residences that
may not be easy to get broken in...but that’s classified information.
Anyway, the two of them worked hard to steal the unlock mechanism,
the high pressure syringe and Succinylcholine from their father’s
hospital. According to Shoichi, carrying out this plan itself was like a
game. He said that this was completely the same as gathering intel on
targets in SAO, preparing their equipment and launching raids. It’s said
that he even told the police who was taking his statement ‘aren’t you
the same?’. It seemed that he meant that the game was about going
about and talking to NPCs everywhere, collecting information, catching
the bountied criminal and hand him over to collect money, and that
what the police was doing wasn’t any different.”
“I think that you better not trust his words fully.”

The moment Kirito suddenly said these words, Kikuoka frowned
and asked,
“Really?”

“Un. Maybe that Shoichi may have some part of him which really
felt that way, but as «Red-Eyed XaXa», even though he kept telling
people around him that this was just a game, he knew that players will
really die and had such an addiction to killing. To him, whether it’s the
virtual world or the real world, only things that were beneficial to him
367

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

were real. The sense of reality was wearing thin on him...this may be
the dark side of VRMMOs.”
“Un. Then...how about your reality?”

Shino thought that Kirito would give a mischievous smile that he
would normally gave the moment he heard Kikuoka’s question.
However, he gave an abnormally serious look as he stared up at a
certain spot in the air.

“...It’s true that I left a part of myself in that world. Right now, my
personal worth had decreased.”
“Don’t you want it back?”

“Please don’t ask that, will you? That’s my personal privacy.”

This time, Kirito really gave a wry laugh, and then glanced at
Shino.
“—As for that, what do you think, Sinon?”

“Err...”

Having being asked that all of a sudden, Shino couldn’t help but
feel somewhat troubled. She turned her thoughts into words, which
she wasn’t really familiar with, but she still finally tried to express her
own thoughts.

“Well...Kirito, what you said just now was different from what you
said before.”
“Eh...?”

“You once said that ‘there wasn’t any virtual world’. And said that
wherever the person was in was reality. Even though there’re many
368

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

VRMMO games, a gamer won’t be divided after going to every world,
right? Right now, I’m...”

Shino stretched her right hand out and touched Kirito’s left wrist
with her fingertip.

“This world is the real world. Even if this is a virtual world that’s
created from AmuSphere, it’s still a real world to me...that’s how I think
it should be.”

Kirito widened his eyes and stared at Shino for a while, which
made Shino embarrassed. Then, he showed a smile that didn’t have any
mischief in it.
“...I see. You’re right.”

After saying that, Kirito turned to look at Kikuoka and said,

“You better take down what Sinon just said. That may be the one
truth in this entire incident.”
“—Don’t kid around with me.”

Shino’s right fist tapped Kirito’s shoulder gently before turning
forward. At this moment, Kikuoka was staring at Shino for some reason,
and may have felt awkward as he moved his eyes to his empty cake
plate.
“Un, you’re right. And Shoichi’s condition—was completely
different from Asada-san. It ended up as the place he wasn’t at being
his reality altogether...”

“That guy continued to repeat the words ‘it’s not over yet’. Maybe
that guy still hasn’t completely returned from Aincrad...the aim of this
‘created new world’ that Akihiko Kayaba created—maybe it can be
realized once that floating city completely collapses...”

369

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Don’t say such scary things. His death still has lots of mysteries
behind it...but it has nothing to do with this. Let’s summarize
this...Shoichi had no psychological barrier at the planning stage when
he wanted to get into the target’s house and inject the drug. At that
time, the first victim was «Zekushiido»...Shigemura Tamotsu, and the
one who killed him was Shoichi. At around 11pm on the 9th of
November, he used the unlocking mechanism to open the target’s room
and entered it. About 11:30pm, he used the high pressure syringe on
Shigemura who wore the AmuSphere as he was taking part in the
«MMO Stream» interview, and got injected in the lower jaw. The drug
he used was called Suxamethonium Chloride, also known as
Succinylcholine, a muscle relaxant, and the victim Shigemura’s
breathing and heartbeat stopped and died. In other words, the one
who shot Zekushiido in GGO was the younger brother Kyouji...”
On hearing Kyouji’s name, Shino’s shoulders shuddered. On the
night two days ago, as Kyouji was all over her, he did mention
Zekushiido, and that vengeful voice rang in her ears.

Because of the false information Zekushiido spreaded around that
caused a mistake in Kyouji’s stat allocation, he wasn’t able to get the
title of «the strongest»—even though «Yamikaze» was a super AGItype was really strong, which would have denied Kyouji’s thoughts—
but his hatred for Zekushiido was far stronger than the upperclassmen
in the real world who tormented and bullied him.
No—I was wrong...at that time, to Kyouji, the real world was
already...

“The second victim was Usujio Tarako, and Shoichi was the one
who killed him in the real world. The method was almost completely
the same. They chose 7 people as targets, and the common condition
amongst these targets were that they all lived in Tokyo and have the

370

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

old-model lock that wouldn’t leave any records of being opened, or
where there were spare keys near the door...”

“It would have taken quite some time for time to gather this much
information.”

After hearing Kirito say that in amazement, Kikuoka’s face tensed
up and nodded his head.
“It should have taken a lot of time and effort. But—after taking
the lives of two, it seemed that nobody believed the legend of «Death
Gun».”

“Unn...everyone just felt that it was just stupid report—I was one
of them.”
Shino muttered, and Kikuoka agreed with her view completely.

“Yeah. Kirito-kun and I considered all sorts of possibilities, but in
the end, all we could conclude was that ‘this was just a rumor’.
However, our guess was already wrong...”

“If...if we could have noticed the truth a day earlier, we could have
protected the lives of those two players who entered the finals...”

After hearing the anguished words from Kirito, Shino lowered her
head and said to him,
“—But you saved me.”

“No, I didn’t help at all. That was all about your own strength.”

Shino glanced at Kirito, and had the thought that she hadn’t
thanked him properly yet, but at this moment, Kikuoka said again,

371

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“If it wasn’t for you two’s hard work, the 7 people on the namelist
would have been killed by them before the situation got attention, so
you two don’t have to be so hard on yourselves.”

“It’s not that...it’s just that I’m very unhappy that the ratings of
VRMMO will become worse again.”

“These sprouts that were grown by «The Seed» aren’t so weak
that they’ll wilt because of this. Right now, these countless sprouts are
gathering to become a towering giant tree that can match the World
Tree. Really, I don’t know which guy did this!”
“...You know. You better continue talking.”

Kirito coughed dryly and prompted Kikuoka to continue,

“Un...however, I guess you should know what happened next.
Both of them found that the threat of Death Gun didn’t spread much
and felt really angry, and so decided to come up with an even scarier
plot. The brothers decided to come up with a killer plot of 3 people in
the 3rd tournament to decide the strongest, commonly called the
Bullet of Bullets finals. And the players that became their targets
were...«Pale Rider», «Garret» and «Sinon»...which is you, Asada-san.”
“...”

On hearing that, Shino nodded her head. Shino knew of the 4th
casualty, Garret. He was a trendy guy who wielded an old fashioned
Winchester rifle. Shino remembered the cowboy cap that could be
considered his trademark and prayed for him silently deep inside. At
that moment, she suddenly noticed something and said,
“Ah...speaking of which, this may just be a coincidence...”

“What is it?”

372

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“The 7 targets may have a common point. Including me, everyone
of them weren’t of the AGI-type.”
“Oh...? What does that mean...?”

“Shinkawa-kun...no, Kyouji only added his AGI stat, so he was
stuck in the game. I guess...he should have some complicated feelings
towards other types...like those who stack up on STR.”
“Hmm...”

Kikuoka immediately couldn’t say anything and could only look at
the screen of the tablet PC.
“What you meant is that...his motive was always from the
game...now the prosecutors will have some difficulties cross-checking
him...but will it really become like this...”

Kikuoka seemed to be in disbelief as he continued to shake his
head. At this moment, Kirito lamented,

“No...I feel that it’s really possible. To MMO players, the character
stats are absolute values. I know of some people who were in a joking
mood as they nudged their friends hands while they were adjusting
this stats, causing the friends to accidentally add an extra point, and
then both of them would quarrel and start killing each other in the
game over it for months...of course, these were all in games.”
Shino could also understand why such a thing happened.
However, Kikuoka merely widened his eyes and then shook his head.

“Looks like the prosecutors, lawyers, judges and attorneys need
to have some experience of diving into VRMMOs. No—it’s about time
we set some laws related to them...un, but that’s not what we have to
worry about. Err...where were we?”

373

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

He glanced at the tablet PC and then nodded his head.

“That’s right, we talked about how they chose 3 people as targets.
However—unlike the last two killings, there was a huge problem with
the execution of the plan in the BoB finals. As «Death Gun» in the game
and the person outside the game couldn’t contact each other, it would
be difficult for both parties to shoot at the same time. Finally, this
problem was barely solved with the live telecast from outside the game,
but...”
“It’s still difficult to execute it, right? And there’s movement.”
Kirito interrupted with a scowl on his face and continued,

“I missed this and thought that there were only 2 Death Guns...”

“I, I see. They seemed to have chosen trio nearest to their
house...like how Pale Rider lived in Omori, Ota, and Garret was living in
Kawasaki, Musashi Kosugi, which weren’t too far away. But the Bunkyo,
Yushima area Asada-san lived in was rather far. Also, Kyouji, who
always wanted to be Death Gun, was insistent on being the one killing
in the real world. Shoichi had a bike, but Kyouji didn’t have a license—
so Shoichi invited a new partner into the plan. Un...that person’s name
is called Kanemoto Atsushi, 19 years old now, an old acquaintance of
Shoichi—or rather...”
Kikuoka glanced at Kirito.

“His guild partner during SAO. His character name was...«Johnny
Black» Have you heard of...”
“Yes.”

Kirito looked down and nodded his head.
374

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“He was XaXa’s partner in «Laughing Coffin», a player who used a
poison dagger. At that time, both of them attacked a few players and
killed them...damn it...if I had known...I should have...”

Before he could say it, Shino quickly reached her right hand out to
grab Kirito’s left hand. At the same time, she looked into Kirito’s eyes
and slowly shook her head.
Kirito immediately knew what she meant.

Kirito immediately looked like a baby who was crying and smiling,
showing that he knew, but that expression immediately disappeared
and became that usual poker face. At this moment, Shino moved her
fingers away from his icy hand and turned forward. Kikuoka, who had
been staring at them from the opposite side, continued with his
explanation,
“...There was no mention of whether this Johnny Black—also
known as Kanemoto—was involved in this plan in Shoichi’s testimony.
To Shoichi, Kanemoto seemed to be a person who’s really hard to
understand at times...”
“Why don’t you just ask that Kanemoto?”

Kirito’s reply was as simple as ever, but Kikuoka shook his head.
“We haven’t caught him yet.”
“Eh...”

“Shinkawa Kyouji was arrested in Asada-san’s apartment, and 40
minutes later, his brother Shoichi was arrested in his own house. Then,
the police followed Shoichi’s testimony and arrived at the apartment in
Ota where Kanemoto was at, but there was no one inside the room.
375

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

That apartment was still under surveillance, but there’s still no news
that we caught Kanemoto yet.”

“...Can we confirm that he was the one who killed «Pale Rider»
and «Garret» in the finals?”

“I guess it should be him. Shoichi did mention that he handed the
same drug syringes to him and Kyouji. We didn’t find those weapons,
but we found hair that matched Kanemoto’s DNA in the victims houses.”
“Syringes...”

Shino couldn’t help but feel a chill after thinking of the name that
made her remember about this term that would remind her of the drug
name. Kyouji’s voice ‘this is the real Death Gun’ when he placed the
syringe at her neck continued to echo in her mind.

Kirito seemed to have the same thoughts as Shino as he looked
and said,

“Were the drug’s use finished after killing the other two targets?”
But Kikuoka shook his head to deny this.

“No...a small syringe of Succinylcholine would be fatal enough, but
for added security, Shoichi gave him three drug syringes, so he may
still have one left. That was why the police insisted on protecting you
people until morning from Monday on, especially Asada-san who may
still be in danger.”
“...You’re saying that Johnny Black may continue to hurt Sinon...?”

“No, that’s just for added precaution. The police felt that it wasn’t
necessary too. As their Death Gun plot collapsed, there wouldn’t be any
benefit to attack Asada-san. Besides, Kanemoto and Asada-san had no
reasons to harm each other or personal grudge. Right now, the

376

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

automatic identification camera network in the center of Tokyo had
started its trial, so I guess he won’t be able to run away for long.”
“What’s that...?”

“It’s commonly called the S2 system. The computer will
automatically analyze the faces of all the people the camera sees and
then look for the fugitive...un, the details are classified.”
“That’s really amazing.”

Kirito frowned as he took a sip of coffee.

“I have the same feeling too. Anyway, I think it’s just a matter of
time before Kanemoto’s arrested. Let’s get back to the incident and
summarize this...”
Kikuoka’s fingers moved on the tablet PC, and then shrugged,
lifted his head and said,

“You should be more familiar with the rest than I do. Shinkawa
Kyouji immediately came to Asada-san’s house to attack after the
tournament was over, but luckily, he was arrested without achieving
his goal. Shinkawa Shoichi was then arrested next, and the remaining
Kanamoto Atsushi is being wanted. The brothers are still being
interrogated in the Fuji branch. Sorry for taking such a long time...but
my report ends here. That’s all the information I have now...do you
have any questions?”
“Well...”

She felt that this may be a question that couldn’t be answered, but
Shino couldn’t help but ask,
“Shinkawa-kun...Kyouji, what will happen to him from now on...?”

“Mu...”

377

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Kikuoka pushed his spectacles up with his fingers and bemused.

“Shoichi’s currently 19, and Kyouji’s 16, so they will be tried
under the juvenile laws....but this case is a huge one that involves 4
lives, so the juvenile court would probably send the case back to the
prosecutor. Also, they probably need a psychiatric evaluation. Even
though we have to wait for it to end...but looking at their actions, I
think there should be a high chance that they would be sent into a
juvenile jail. That’s because those two have lost their sense of reality...”
“No...I don’t think they lost their sense of reality yet.”

After hearing Shino mutter this, Kikuoka blinked and indicated
with his eyes for her to continue on.

“I don’t really understand the older brother...but Kyouji...to Kyouji,
Gun Gale Online’s the real world to him, which was why he decided—”

She raised her right hand, pointed her finger straight, and then
placed it down again.

“To abandon everything in this world and head to that real world
called GGO. Maybe people in this world...would feel that he was just
running away, but...”

Shinkawa Kyouji was the one who wanted to take Shino’s life
away. The fear and despair he gave Shino was unmeasurable. But even
so, Shino still couldn’t begrudge him and felt reluctant. This painful
feeling caused Shino to continue to say,

“But I guess this online gaming wouldn’t just be a game of
entertainment to us once our minds and time were spent to a certain
level. Earning experience and money to become stronger is really a
troublesome and difficult thing. Of course, it’s nice to play with friends

378

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

occasionally...but there’s a lot of pressure to continue playing like
they’re working just to be the strongest, like what Kyouji did.”
“Stress...caused by playing games? But...wouldn’t that be the
complete opposite of its purpose...”

Kikuoka said in surprise, and Shino nodded at him and continued,
“Yes. Kyouji...reversed this world with that world.”

“But...why? Why was he so willing to sacrifice so much to get this
so-called title of being the strongest...?”

“I’m not too sure about that...I just said it before, to me, this world
and the game are all connected...Kirito, do you know why....?”

Shino looked right, and found that Kirito was leaning his back on
the chair, closing his eyes and thinking. Soon, he opened his mouth and
muttered,
“Because you wanted to be strong.”

Shino closed her lips, thought about this short sentence, and then
nodded her head slowly.

“...That’s right. I was the same the last time. Maybe every VRMMO
player is the same...just trying to be stronger...”
Shino turned her body around and faced Kikuoka from the front.
“Then...when are visitors allowed to meet Kyouji?”

“Well...he’ll probably be kept in custody after we cross-examine
him. We have to wait until he’s sent to a juvenile observation center.”
“I see—I’ll go see him. Once I see him, I want to tell him what I
was thinking before...and what I’m thinking now.”

379

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

No matter how late, no matter how much he didn’t want to listen
to her, Shino felt that she had to do this. This time, Kikuoka finally
showed what looked like a whole-hearted smile.

“You’re really a strong person. Un, please do. I’ll make
arrangements to his management plan in the future and send an email
to you.”
He then looked at the watch on his left wrist and said,

“Sorry—it’s about time for me to leave. I can be said to lack
leisure, but there’s really lots of things to handle.”
“Un. Sorry for troubling you.”

Shino also thanked him after Kirito.
“Well..thank you.”

“No need to be so kind. It was my negligence that caused both of
you to be in danger, so this should be what I should do. I’ll notify you if
I get some new information.”

Kikuoka placed the tablet PC into the office bag beside him and
stood up from the chair. Just when he was about to reach for the bill on
the table—he suddenly stopped.
“Oh yes, Kirito-kun...”
“...What is it?”

“This is what you wanted me to get.”

He took a small piece of paper from the inside pocket of his
western suit and handed it to Kirito.

“Death Gun...no, Red-eyed XaXa—Shinkawa Shoichi, once he
heard that this was the question you raised, he answered it without

380

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

hesitation. However, he asked us to send a message back to you. Of
course, you don’t have to care about him at all, and any messages from
a suspect can’t be revealed in an investigation, so the police appeared
to have refused his request...so, do you want to hear it?”

Kirito’s face looked like he just drank some really bitter coffee,
but he still nodded his head in the end.
“Since you brought it here, I’ll listen.”

read,

“Then...muu...”

Kikuoka took out the second piece of paper, saw the contents, and

“...’This isn’t over. You don’t have the power to end everything.
You’ll soon notice. It’s showtime.’ just like that—”

“...Such a slippery guy.”

It’s been about 10 minutes after Kikuoka smiled as he waved his
hand and left.
As both of them left the cafe and headed for where the bike was
parked, Kirito suddenly grumbled.

“...Who is that guy? He called himself an officer of Internal Affairs
Ministry...but somehow...”
Shino thought that he was really an enigmatic person and said
this to Kirito. However, Kirito merely shrugged his shoulders and
answered,

“Un, I can be certain that he’s under the VR world Management
sector. At least for now.”
381

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Now?”

“Think about it. Things just happened less than 2 days ago. Don’t
you feel that he knew too much about what’s going on inside the police
force? The Japanese jurisdiction departments would never get involved
in each other’s department, so that shouldn’t be common.”
“...What do you mean?”

“He originally said that he wasn’t really in a single unit, like the
police or something...it’s not really possible, but he...”
“...?”

“I once met him here before and followed him when he went
back.”

Shino gave a look of disbelief as she watched Kirito walk beside
her. However, the boy just looked like nothing happened and
continued,

“In the end, there were 3 large sedans waiting at a nearby
underground car park, and the driver sure didn’t look like someone
you want to mess with when he has short hair and a black suit. I tried
my best to follow them with my bike, but maybe I was
discovered...Kikuoka was dropped off in front of Ichigaya station, and
he disappeared while I was looking for a parking spot.”
“Ichigaya? Not Kasumigaseki?”

“Un. The Internal Affairs Ministry’s in Kasumigaseki...but what’s
in Ichigaya should be...the Ministry of Defense.”
“Min...”

Shino immediately couldn’t say anything and could only continue
blinking.

382

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“This means that...he’s from the self defence force?”

“So I said it wasn’t really possible. The police’s relationship with
the defence ministry should be worse than that of the internal affairs
department.”

Kirito shrugged slightly. At this moment, Shino finally thought of
something.

“Ah...speaking of which, Kikuoka-san was wearing...I guess,
spectacles with very small degree or no degree, because the lens didn’t
really reflect much.”
“Is that so...I see.”

Shino looked at the boy who seemed to understand and then said,

“But...even if that person has some relationship with the defence
ministry, why must he investigate VRMMOs? They shouldn’t have any
relationship with each other right?”

“Un...I heard that someone intended to use FullDive technology to
train soldiers, even though that’s the situation with the US Army.”
“Wha, what?”

This time, it was Shino who was shocked and stopped. Kirito then
stopped and shook his right hand.
“Like for example...hm...can we talk about guns?”

“U, un...it’s alright if it’s just listening.”

“Good. For example, if I give you a real sniper rifle, can you
successfully finish the loading until the firing?”
“...”

383

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shino recalled how she shot the can with the Government model
gun a few hours ago and nodded her head,

“I guess so...if it’s just firing. But in the real world, I don’t know
how to lower the recoil, so I may not be able to hit the target.”

“But I don’t even know how to load bullets. If we can train
weapon and basic operations in the virtual world, we may be able to
save a lot of ammunition and fuel.”
“Rea...really...”

Shino couldn’t help but look at her right hand. The scale Kirito
was talking about was way too big, and it was really hard to imagine
such a situation.

“Of course, this is just a possibly. Just this year alone, we have no
idea for how many purposes FullDive technology can be used for, so it
won’t be strange to see whatever new thing that happen in the future.
Anyway—better be more careful about that guy.”

After saying that casually, Kirito walked over to the bike and took
off the clamp on its back wheel. As he handed a helmet over to Shino,
he said with a rare hesitating attitude to her,
“Well...”

“...? What is it?”

“...Sinon, do you have some time after this...?”

“I don’t really have anything to do. Maybe I won’t want to log into
GGO for a while.”
“I see—sorry, I have something I want to ask you to help out
with...”

384

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“What is it?”

“The image of that cave during the BoB finals were seen by...those
SAO-era friends of mine. And they knew that I was that
«Kirito»...well...if you can help me explain to my friends that we weren’t
flirting, I’ll be really happy.”
“...Heh.”

Shino started feeling that it was interesting and gave a smile.
Even though she felt very embarrassed about that, after hearing this
boy who would do things at his own whims say that he’s bothered
about being suspected of having an affair with her, she had a ‘now
what are you going to do’ thought.

“But even if they’re your old friends, it’s amazing that they could
recognize you from your name.”
“Un...they recognized my sword skills.”

“I, I see—it’s alright to help you out, but you owe me one. You’re
treating me cake next time.”
After hearing her say that, Kirito gave a sheepish look and said,

“Are...are we going back to that earlier shop again...?”
“I won’t do such a cruel thing.”

“That’s great. Then...please follow me to Ochinomizu for a while. It
won’t take you much time.”
“What, isn’t that just beside Yushima? That’s on the way home.”

She received the helmet and put it on her head. After Kirito
buckled it for her, Shino couldn’t help but think ‘I should have learnt
how to put on a helmet in GGO to save myself trouble’.

385

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

After moving up Ginza highway to Showa highway and moving
north for a while, they arrived at the redevelopment around the east
side of Akihabara station. They went past the silver skyscrapers that
looked like the streets of Gurokken and entered near Okachimachi. The
surroundings had a heavy old town like atmosphere.

The motorbike turned around the alleys like a old bull dragging a
cart, and they finally stopped at a small shop.

Shino got off her seat, took off her helmet and looked up. This
black glowing wooden building gave a chilly feeling, and only the metal
signboards that was formed by two dices on the door which incidated
to her that it was a cafe. Looking down, the words «Dicey Cafe» was
carved in, which should be the shop’s name. The sign hanging on the
icy cold door was flipped to the «closed» side.
“...Over here?”

“Un.”

Kirito nodded and took out his bike keys before pushing the door
without hesitation. The slow-tempo music of jazz accompanied a quick
‘Clink’ as the door was opened.

Shino entered the shop like she was attracted by the fragrance of
coffee. Under the orange light, the wooden boards were glowing too.
The entire space was small, but it had an unspeakable warmth. This
made Shino’s tense shoulders relax.
“Welcome...”

Upon entering the shop, a clear baritone came immediately.
Looking around, Shino spotted a large man with chocolate-colored skin
standing behind the bar. That face of an old war veteran looked
386

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

intimidating, but that white shirt and little butterfly knot bow tie on
the collar gave an amusing feeling to that.

There were already two customers who were in the shop. On the
round chairs in front of the bar counter, there were two girls wearing
school uniforms. Shino noticed that their uniforms were the same color
as Kirito’s.
“You’re too slow!”

One of them, a girl with shoulder-length hair curling inwards
jumped up from the round seat and exclaimed that to Kirito.
“Sorry, sorry, Chrysheight spoke too much.”

“I ate 2 apple pies while waiting for you. Kirito! It’ll be your fault if
I grow fat!”
“Why, why is it my fault now...?”

The other girl with slight brown straight hair, down to the middle
of her back, merely laughed as she heard their conversation at the
beginning, but soon after, she got off the bench and interrupted with a
tone that seemed to show that she was rather used to this situation,
“Hurry up and introduce us, Kirito-kun.”
“Ah...you’re right.”

After Kirito nudged her on the back, Shino arrived at the center of
the shop. She tried her best to suppress the fear she would have when
meeting someone for the first time and nodded at them.

“This is the 3rd winner of Gun Gale Online, Sinon, real name,
Asada Shino.”
“Do, don’t say that.”

387

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shino protested slightly after hearing this unexpected
introduction from Kirito, but Kirito merely chuckled and continued. He
pointed at the energetic girl he was quarreling with and said,

“This is the cheating blacksmith Lisbeth, real name is Shinozaki
Rika.”
“You bastard...”

The girl called Rika immediately gave a bad look and attacked
Kirito. He dodged and raised his left hand towards the other girl.

“And this is the berserk healer Asuna, real name Yuuki Asuna.”

“Tha, that’s too much!”

Asuna protested, but her face was still smiling. She then stared at
Shino with clear beautiful eyes and then nodded at her.
“And that...”

Kirito finally pointed his jaw at the shopkeeper inside the bar.
“That’s Iron Wall Agil.”

“Oi oi, am I an Iron Wall now? My mom gave me a nice name,
okay?”

What’s shocking was that it seemed that even the shopkeeper
here was a VRMMO player. The giant laughed and placed his right hand
on his sturdy chest and said,
“Hello. I’m called Andrew Gilbert Mills. I hope we can get along.”

As what he said was all in fluent Japanese except for his name
which was in English, Shino couldn’t help but blink a few times and
hurriedly lowered her head to greet him.

388

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Let’s sit down and talk first.”

There were two 4-seater tables in the shop. Kirito walked
towards one and pulled the chair out. After waiting for Shino, Asuna
and Rika to sit down, he flicked a finger at the shopkeeper.
“Agil, I want ginger ale. What do you want, Sinon?”

“Ah...the same then.”

“The ginger ale here’s really spicy.”

Kirito chuckled and said ‘two glasses’ towards the counter, and
then cupped his hands on the table.

“Then, I’m going to explain to Lisbeth and Asuna what happened
last weekend.”
Even though Kirito and Shino had already collated what happened
during the BoB finals with what Kikuoka said, it took them more than
10 minutes to explain everything to others.
“Un—as things aren’t revealed on the media yet, the real names
and detailed information couldn’t be revealed, but that’s basically it.”

After concluding things, Kirito looked somewhat tired as he laid
his tired body on the chair and finished the second cup of ginger ale.
“…You, for some reasons...you really get into lots of trouble.”

Rika shook her head and sighed as she commented. However,
Kirito looked down and shook his head,
“No…Well, I can’t really say this. This incident did involve me
after all.”

389

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“…Is that so—ahhh, I knew I should have been there. I have a
whole lot of things I want to say to that Death Gun.”

“That guy’s not that only one who got his soul twisted by SAO.
There’s likely lots of them.”

At this moment, Asuna smiled to chase away the current moody
atmosphere.

“But I feel that a lot of souls were saved, like mine. Of course, I
don’t mean that I agree with SAO…the guild leader’s actions…because
of that a lot of people died…but even so, I won’t deny these two years I
lived, and I won’t regret about them at all.”

“…Ahh, you’re right. During the last battle with Death Gun, if it
wasn’t for Asuna holding my hand, I wouldn’t be able to use that move.
I guess…it’s because of those two years in SAO…that your warmth
reached me…”
Of course, Shino couldn’t understand what Kirito meant by that.
The boy found that she seemed to be puzzled and smiled in an
embarrassed manner before explain,

“Didn’t I say that I dived in from the hospital in Ochinomizu
during the night of the finals? I never told anyone about that place, and
Asuna tortured and interrogated Kikuoka before he spilled it out.”
“Y, you don’t have to say it like that!”

After Asuna said that, she puffed her cheeks angrily. Then, Kirito
gave a mischievous smile and said,

“And then, she dived in from this shop, but after knowing the
location, came rushing over to that hospital I was at. At that moment…I
was fighting with Death Gun, and she grabbed my hand tightly. And

390

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

unbelievably…I did feel Asuna’s warmth at that moment. It’s thanks to
her that I drew that FiveSeven handgun I had forgotten about.”
“…I see…”

Shino nodded her head silently. Though she was thinking
whether the two of them were dating, she immediately threw that
imagination aside. Luckily, Kirito didn’t notice this abnormal situation
and slowly continued,

“But that wasn’t all. After the tournament ended, I logged out, and
Asuna told me…that the log in name «Sterben» Death Gun used was
actually German, and it should be read as that. It meant «Death». But
this was a name that only doctors and nurses would use in Japan, and
so…I remembered that you told me that you have a friend who’s a
doctor’s kid, and you were about to call him to your house, so I had a
bad feeling. Once I found out that it would be too late once the police
arrive, so I rode my bike to Yushima…but I didn’t really help out
much…”
These words shook Shino in a certain silent way.

“…Sterben. Not Steven…”

She muttered, closed her eyes, thought and said,

“…Hospital’s term, it means death…why did he choose such a
name…?”

“Maybe he wanted to rebel against his dad who was a doctor.
Anyway—it’s not a reason we can easily think of.”

Kirito sighed. Sitting diagonally opposite him, right in front of
Shino was Asuna, who said with an optimistic tone,
391

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“It’s better not to think too much into the meaning of a VRMMO
character name. Once you find out certain truths, you’ll lose even more.”
Beside her, Rika immediately chuckled and answered,

“Oh~, as expected of someone who used her real name as the
character name, it’s really convincing!”
“Hey!”

Asuna immediately attacked with her right elbow, and Rika
pretended to look in pain. Shino inadvertently smiled as she watched
their interactions with each other, and at this moment, Asuna suddenly
looked at her. The shiny tea-colored eyes were glowing with brightness,
and Shino felt strength in that humbleness.
“Well…Asada-san…”

“Wha, what is it?”

“These words may not be suited for me to say this, but…I’m sorry,
for letting you see such a terrifying thing.”
one,

“No…don’t say that…”

Shino hurriedly shook her head and said each word out one by

“This incident may be caused by me. Because of my personality,
play style…my past and other things. Anyway, during the tournament, I
panicked…luckily, Kirito made me calm down. Well, what was
telecasted was that he was comforting Sinon…”
And then, Kirito jumped up immediately and spilled out words in
rapid fire.

392

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Tha, that’s right. I almost forgot about the most important thing.
It was an emergency, we were being chased down by that killer in that
situation. Don’t think too much into it!”

“…Alright then, we’ll trust you for now. But we don’t know what
will happen in the future….”

Rika continued to mutter as she stared at Kirito, but still clapped
and showed her lively smile.

“But I’m happy to know a female VRMMO player in the real world.”

“That’s right. I still have a lot of things I want to ask about GGO.
Please be friends with me, Asada-san.”

Asuna gave a steady smile before stretching her right hand out on
the table. After seeing that white and tender hand—
Shino couldn’t help but feel somewhat intimidated.

Friends. As the word entered her heart, she felt a burning sense of
yearning, but also a sharp pain and anxiety.

Friends. Ever since that incident, she had yearned for them many
times, but got betrayed just as many times, until she finally told her
heart that she should not wish for such luxury.

I want to be friends with her. To hold the loving hands of this girl
called Asuna, to embrace her warmth. I want to go out and play with her,
to talk with her, to do what normal girls would do.
But in that situation, it would be a matter of time before she knew
that Shino killed before, that her hands were stained with blood.

She was scared that Asuna would give her an irritated expression.
To touch humans—such a simple act would likely be something that
would be eternally denied to her.

393

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

She thought that she should just head back like that, that the mere
words of ‘being friends with her’ would be enough to warm her heart
for a while. As she got ready to apologize—
“Sinon…”

This little muttering made Shino waver because of her shrinking
consciousness. Her body jerked, and she then looked at Kirito beside
her.
As they exchanged looks, Kirito nodded his head slightly but
firmly. His eyes were telling Shino that it was alright. Thus, Shino
turned her eyes back to Asuna as if she was hypnotized.

The girl was still smiling, and her right hand was still shown in
front for Shino.

Shino’s arm felt as heavy as a lead block. However, she was
starting to fight against this shackle as she slowly, slowly lifted her arm.
Compared to isolating herself because she didn’t want to doubt others
or was scared for being betrayed, she would rather trust others and be
hurt by them. That was the first time Shino had this thought ever since
that incident.

It felt like Asuna’s hand was far away. As the distance was closed
in, the density of the air increased, feeling like there was a wall to
bounce Shino’s hand back.
However, her fingers finally touched the other party’s.

The next moment, Shino’s right hand was tightly cupped by
Asuna’s hand.

That warmth really couldn’t be described with words. The
warmth that was passed over started moving from the fingertips and

394

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

up the arms, shoulders and entire body before finally melting Shino’s
frozen blood.
“Ah…”

Shino subconsciously exhaled. To think that it would be that
warm. She had long forgotten about something—a human’s hand touch
can move the soul. At this moment, Shino felt that this was reality. She
realized heavily that all the fear she used to have, how she continued to
run away from this world, she was finally tied to this real reality now.
Just like that, a few seconds passed, no, numerous seconds…

At this moment, Shino noticed that the smiling Asuna showed
some hesitation on her lips. As she instinctively tried to draw her hand
back, Asuna held on with even more force. At this moment, Asuna
seemed like she was choosing her words wisely as she slowly said to
the bewildered Shino.
“…Well, Asada-san…Shino-san. There’s another reason why we
invited you here today. This may not make you comfortable…and it
may make you angry. But, we, we have to…tell you no matter what…”
“Reason…? Me, angry…?”

She was losing grasp of the situation. But at this moment, Kirito,
who was sitting on the left, said with a nervous voice,
“Sinon, well, I have to apologize to you first.”

After that, the boy bowed his head down in apology. Then he used
the pitch black eyes that were in the midst of that slightly long bangs
and that girlish-avatar look to stare at Shino.
“…I told Asuna and Lisbeth what happened to you before. That’s
because I needed their help.”

395

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Eh…?”

As Shino heard that Kirito told the truth to them, she couldn’t
hear what happened next.

—They knew what happened at the post office? Asuna and Rika
knew what the 11-year-old Shino did?
This time, Shino did use all her strength to try and pull her hand
away from Asuna.

But she didn’t succeed. This delicate girl called Asuna was holding
Shino’ right hand with an unknown strength. The girl’s eyes,
expression and the warmth she was passing through to her seemed
like she wanted to say something to Shino. But—what? What did she
want to say? Was there anything to say to me even after knowing that
my hands were dyed in blood?
“Shino…actually, I, Lisbeth and Kirito all took leave on Monday
from school, and went to the …city.”
“——!!”

At this moment, shock wouldn’t be enough to describe Shino’s
emotion. During these few seconds, she could not understand what
Asuna meant.

The girl’s ample and glossy looking lips said a location. And that
was the city where Shino stayed in until she graduated from middle
school, the place where that incident happened, the place where she
really wanted to forget and didn’t want to go back.
Why, why, why?

Shino could only feel this question spin in her head. Finally, she
asked,

396

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“Why…must you do such a thing…?”

She continued to shake her head and moved to stand up as she
hurriedly tried to get away from here.

But just before Shino stood up, Kirito’s hand was pressing down
on her left shoulder. At this moment, his nervous voice entered Shino’s
ears.
“That’s because you never met the people you should have met,
Sinon…and you didn’t hear the words you needed to hear. I thought
that you would be hurt…but I, I just couldn’t sit by and let this go. So I
used the database of the press to investigate that incident…I thought
that it wouldn’t be clear to say it on the phone, so I went to the post
office where that incident happened, and asked them to tell me how to
contact that person.”
“People…I should meet…? Words I should hear…?”

Shino could only repeat the words blankly, and sitting beside her,
Rika shot Kirito a look, got up and went deep into the shop. As the door
with the plate PRIVATE was opened, a person appeared.

It was a woman in her thirties. She had shoulder-length hair with
slight make-up on. She was also dressed in a rather mature manner.
She was more like a housewife than an office lady.

And then, a set of footsteps proved that Shino’s impression was
correct. A little girl who looked like she hadn’t entered primary school
yet came running out. They looked really similar, and they’re most
likely mother and daughter.

But even after seeing these two people, Shino merely felt puzzled.
She did not know who this mother and daughter pair was. She had
never met them in her hometown before, let alone Tokyo.

397

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

As the woman saw Shino standing there in a dazed manner, she
looked sad yet happy for some reason, and then bowed deeply at Shino.
The girl beside her bowed too.
After maintaining that for a while, Rika prompted them to move
to the table in front of Shino. Asuna got up to let the lady sit in front of
Shino, and the little girl sat beside her mother. At this moment, the
shopkeeper who continued to remain silent walked out silently from
the bar, served a cup of café au lait in front of the mother and milk in
front of the girl before heading back.
Even at such a close distance, Shino still didn’t know who they
were. Why did Kirito say that this woman should be someone ‘I should
meet’? Was he mistaken or something…?
——No
No, it felt like…deep in a certain part of her memory, a spark was
suddenly created. She didn’t know them, so why—

At this moment, the woman again bowed deeply at Shino and said
her name with a slightly trembling voice.
“Nice to meet you. You should be Asada…Shino-san, right? My
name is Oosawa Sachie. This girl is called Mizue, and she’s four years
old.”
As expected, she had no impression of those two names at all.
Speaking of which, Shino herself wouldn’t have any relation with a
mother and daughter of this age, but her memory continued to hurt.

Shino couldn’t even greet them as she widened her eyes while
sitting on the chair. The mother called Sachie took a deep breath and
said with a clear voice,
398

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

“…I moved to Tokyo after giving birth to this child. In the past, I
used to work in the …city, and the location where I worked was…”
The moment she heard the next few words, Shino understood
everything.
“…The Post Office at Third Street.”
“Ah…”

Shino let out a soft voice from her mouth. That small and ordinary
post office—was where that incident took place. Five years ago, Shino
and her mother went there, and she had the incident that caused the
biggest change in her life.
The criminal with the gun killed the man at the window, and then
looked like he did not know whether to shoot the two female workers
at the counter or Shino’s mother. However, Shino lost control of herself
and rushed at the man, snatched the gun—and squeezed the trigger.
That’s right…this mother called Sachie was undoubtedly one of
the female workers she met at the post office.

In other words…Kirito deliberately went with Asuna and Rika to
that post office, got the address of the female worker who resigned and
moved to Tokyo, and after establishing contact with her, invited her to
come over to meet Shino today.
Shino could roughly get the gist of things, but there was still a
greatest question withing her.

Why? Why did Kirito do such a thing even if he had to take leave?

that.

“…I’m sorry, I’m really sorry, Shino-san.”

Sachie, who was sitting in front of Shino, teared up as she said
399

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Shino didn’t understand why she apologized at all and could only
remain in her seat blankly. And the other party continued with a
trembling voice,

“I’m really sorry. I…should have met you earlier…but I really
wanted to forget about that incident…so I came to Tokyo while using
the fact that my husband was posted out…I could have thought it
through and understand that you felt really hurt…but I didn’t even
thank you or even apologize to you…”

The tears in her eyes flowed out cascading down her face. That
braided-hair girl beside her called Mizue seemed to be worried for her
own mother as she looked up. Sachie silently patted the girl’s head.

“…During that incident. Th, this girl was still in my stomach. So
Shino-san, you didn’t just save me back then…you saved this child too.
Really…really, thank you very much, thank you very much…”
“…I saved…your lives?”

Shino merely repeated those words.

In that post office, Shino, who was only 11 years old, squeezed the
trigger 3 times and took a person’s life. That was what Shino did, and
what she always thought. However—this woman in front of her clearly
said,
That she was saved by Shino.
“Sinon.”

Beside her, Kirito said with a trembling voice,

“Sinon, you had been blaming yourself all this while, punishing
yourself. I can’t say that what you did is wrong, but—you also have the
400

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

right to think of those you saved. In that case, you’ll find that you have
the right, to forgive yourself. That’s what…I wanted to tell you…”

Then, Kirito seemed like he didn’t know what else to say anymore
and could only bite his lower lip.

Looking away from the boy, Shino looked at Sachie again. She
knew that she had to say something, but she just couldn’t say anything.
She couldn’t even talk, or even think of anything for that matter…
To-on.

At this moment, a sound of light footsteps could be heard.

That 4-year-old girl called Mizue jumped off her chair and ran
around the table to Shino in small steps. Sachie should be the one who
tied her hair which looked so silky and smooth. Her round face was
showing a cute pink, and her large eyes were showing the purest and
most innocent glow in this world.

Mizue should be wearing a kindergarten uniform as she had a
little bag on her back. She reached her hands into her bag and took out
something.

It was a drawing paper that was folded into a rectangular. She
opened the paper clumsily and passed it to Shino.

The picture that was drawn with crayons immediately entered
Shino’s eyes. At the center of the picture was a woman’s face with long
hair. That smiling face should belong to her mother—Sachie. And the
braided girl on the right side should be herself. The bespectacled
person on the left was her father.

401

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

At the top of the picture, there were the words «Shi-no-o-ne-esan-he» (To Shino onee-san) that were written in hiragana, probably
just learnt in school.

Mizue handed over the picture with both hands, and Shino
received it with both hands as well. Mizue smiled and took a deep
breath.

It seemed that the girl practiced it many times before as she said
each word one by one with an innocent and tender voice,
“Shino onee-san, thank you for saving mama and Mizue.”

At this moment, Shino’s eyes were covered—with the colors of
the rainbow, and then, it was all jumbled up.

After a while, she found herself crying. Before today, she did not
know that such warmth, clarity and tears that could wash any stain
away existed.

Shino continued to cry as her hands continued to hold that piece
of large picture.
A small hand that was so tender felt somewhat timid right from
the beginning, but then grabbed her right hand tightly.
And what was held was the black spot, where the firepowder
remained on her right hand—

To accept all my past would likely take some time. Even so, I like
this current world now.
My life will have many pains from today onwards, and the path in
front of me will have lots of thorns.
But I believe that I can continue to walk on.
402

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 16

Because my right hand that’s being held and the tears on my face
are so warm.

(END)
403

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Afterword

Afterword
I am Kawahara Reki, and this is the final volume in year 2010,
«Sword Art Online 6, Phantom Bullet».

Ever since February ‘09, this series SAO and the other ‘Accel
World’ series were released in alternating months, and 12 volumes
were published. However, the reason why this seemingly impossible
task could be completed was because «the SAO series had its original
script in the first place». I thought that I just needed to edit the web
publishing a little bit and that there wouldn’t be too much work.

But after reading through my original script, I found that there
were parts that couldn’t be edited slightly, but modified
heavily…however, volumes 1 and 2 were still «edited», 3 and 4 were
«added on», 5 was more like a «rewrite»…but 6 was already «an
original script» (laughs). Also, the number of pages in this volume
exceeded every single previous volume…now that I can successfully
(or unsuccessfully) write my afterwords, even I felt that it was a
miracle. So to warn myself, I have to shout—WHY! DID! THINGS! END!
UP! LIKE! THIS!

Well, I spent so much effort with unknown meaning to complete a
volume, but I’m glad if this can allow me to understand my new friends
through single volume releases and that my old friends who I know on
the web version can feel refreshed by reading the main works. The
next volume’s slate to be on Asuna who we waited for a long time.
She’s the main heroine but almost didn’t have a chance to appear in
volumes 5 and 6. She’ll be extremely active in the next volume, so

404

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Afterword

everyone, please look forward to it! (It won’t become a rewrite, most
likely…)
And then now, for the final apologies today…

I guess a few readers knew about it, but during the «Dengeki
Bunko Autumn Festival 2010» which was in October at Akihabara,
abec-san, who’s in charge of the illustrations, and I were supposed to
be attending the autograph session. Yes…I was late! And really late! We
ended up being late by 30 minutes! The reason was that my brain data
was damaged and viewed the time «12:30pm» as «2:30pm»!
…It’s said that during the 4,000 year history of Dengeki Bunko, I
was the first author to delay the autograph session because I was
late…to the readers who registered to take part in the autograph
session and waited for a long time, I really don’t know how to
apologize to you…I’m really sorry, I won’t do this again. (But it feels
like they won’t let me do another autograph session again!)

In the end, because of how I was late and that the late submission
of the script, I caused a lot of problems to the editor Miki-san, but I
would like to say to him and the illustrator abec-san that I hope to get
along well with them next year. Also, I’ll wish you, who read through
the entire volume, a brilliant year 2011! And I also hope that I won’t be
late again!
A certain day in October 2010, Kawahara Reki
405

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Credits

Credits

Sword Art Online 6
Phantom Bullet
Story
Illustration
Translator

Kawahara Reki
abec

Teh_Ping

Project Hosted at www.baka-tsuki.org
406

Sword Art Online Volume 6 – Phantom Bullet
Credits

407

