Color Illustrations

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Prologue

Prologue
Looking up, there were many lights shining beyond the dim sky.

Those were not stars. They were countless icicles that hung from
the vast ceiling and emitted a faint phosphorescence contained inside
them. In other words, this was the bottom of a cave, and its size was
the problem.

The distance to the faraway towering cliffs was, in real world
distance, probably 30 kilometers. The lowest height till the ceiling was
500 meters. A countless number of carved cliffs and ravines, frozenwhite lakes and snowy mountains, and fortress and castle-like
structures could be seen at its bottom.
With that, the scale of the cave was unbelievable. This
underground space, no, it should be called the «Underworld».

Actually, it was just that. This was another field that filled the
undergrounds of the fairy world, Alfheim, a dark world of ice and snow,
ruled by dreadful evil-god-class monsters. Its name is ——
«Jötunheimr».

8

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Chapter 5
“Achoo!”

Lyfa, a swordswoman of the Sylph race, quickly covered her
mouth with both hands after letting out an explosive, unladylike
sneeze.

She stared out toward the entrance of the shrine, afraid that the
evil-god had heard her and would poke its huge face in.

Fortunately, the only thing that floated in was the falling snow. As
the snow neared the fire burning on the floor of the shrine, it turned
into a puff of steam and disappeared.

Lyfa crouched down by the back wall while scratching the thick
fur collar of her mantle.
“Haa...”

Sighing, Lyfa began to warm herself at the nearby fire. She felt
more comfortable and soon found herself nodding off to sleep.

The small stone shrine they were in was about four meters in
length, width and height. The walls and ceiling were decorated with
reliefs of eerie monsters that seemed to move in the firelight; it wasn’t
the most comfortable interior. As her gaze turned to the side, Lyfa
caught sight of her companion reclining against the wall, beginning to
doze off, his peaceful—or foolish—face nodding up and down like a
ship bobbing in the harbor.
“Hey, wake—”

9

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

While whispering, Lyfa pulled his sharply pointed ear. The only
reply was a mumble that sounded like “munyamunya”. On his lap was
another companion, a pixie, sleeping soundly while curled in a ball.
“Hey, if you fall asleep, you’ll log out!”

She pulled his ear again. Doing this made his head end up on her
thighs, his head rolling around as if looking for a comfortable position.

Lyfa’s body stiffened in mortification, her hands clenching futilely
as she wondered what method to attempt next to wake him.
It isn’t surprising that he is falling asleep though, she realized as
she looked to the lower-right of her field of vision. After all, it is past
2:00 AM in the real world. Normally, Lyfa would already have logged
out and been soundly asleep in her bed.

That’s right, Jötunheimr and Alfheim were worlds that were
products of a gaming company. Somewhere in the real world in Japan’s
metropolitan city of Tokyo was a server machine and this place is a
virtual world inside it. Lyfa and her companion existed here as people
using the FullDive interface machine called «AmuSphere».

It was actually quite easy to leave the virtual world. One simply
had to extend the index and middle fingers of his or her left hand, wave
them in order to open the game menu, and press the «Log Out» button.
Alternatively, you could simply lie down and fall asleep; the
AmuSphere would sense the user’s lowered brainwave activity and
automatically disconnect. Come the next morning, users would wake
comfortably in their own beds.

However, there was a specific reason that Lyfa and her
companion could not sleep here.

10

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Finally deciding on an impish course of action, Lyfa made a fist
with her left hand and sharply rapped it on her partner’s spiky, blackhaired head.

Whoosh! Along with a burst of a refreshing sound, the yellow
light which characterized a homing bullet attack activated. Lyfa’s
companion made a strange, startled sound and bolted upright.
Immediately taking his pained head in both of his hands, he looked
around and saw the smiling Lyfa.
“Good morning, Kirito-kun.”

“...Oh, good morning.”

Her companion was a Spriggan swordsman. He had slightly dark
skin, black hair, and if not for the depressed expression, could be
mistaken for the hero in a shounen manga.
“...I, I fell asleep?”

“And you even got a free lap pillow; you should be grateful you
got off with only one small punch.”

“...Then I was impolite, as an apology, you can use my lap as a
pillow if you would like, Lyfa...”
“There is no need!”

Lyfa turned away quickly, casting a sidelong glance at Kirito.

“Don’t say stupid things—did you dream of any nice escape ideas?”

“Speaking of dreams, I was just about to eat this delicious looking
pudding with a huge helping of ice cream.”

11

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Thinking herself a fool for asking, Lyfa’s shoulders slumped and
she turned back toward the entrance of the shrine. Snow danced on the
wind blowing through the darkness, but nothing else moved.

There it was—the reason they couldn’t log out. Kirito, Lyfa, and
Yui, sleeping on Kirito’s lap, were trapped in Jötunheimr, unable to
escape to the surface.

Of course, if all they wanted to do was leave the game, it was
easily possible. However, this shrine was neither a safe zone nor an inn.
Thus, if they were to go back to reality now, their virtual bodies here
would be left essentially soulless for a period of time. Virtual bodies
left unattended had the tendency to attract monsters, and their
helpless bodies would be reduced to nothing, causing their «Death», in
no time. They would then be returned to «Sylvian». If that happened
then what would be the meaning of traveling all the way here from
Sylphid territory?
The purpose of this journey that Lyfa and Kirito have undertaken
is to reach the central city of Alfheim: «Aarun».

They had left Sylvian earlier today—yesterday evening to be
exact. After passing over a vast forest area and then through a series of
mine tunnels, they were ambushed by a group of Salamanders. After
repelling the attack, they had met with the Sylph Lord Sakuya, were
thanked, and then left, events finally calming down some time around
1:00 AM.

At that point in time, Lyfa and Kirito had already been in FullDive
for eight continuous hours, minus the time needed to take bathroom
breaks. With Aarun nowhere in sight and truthfully a long way off, they
decided to stop at the first village they came across and log off. Just at
12

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

that moment, the pair saw a village in the middle of the forest and,
cheering at their good fortune, landed in it.

At that time, even if it would have been troublesome, they should
have checked the map if only to confirm the name of the village and the
presence of an inn. Who would have thought...
“...Who would have thought, that village was a mimic monster...”

Kirito, who seemed to be remembering the same thing, sighed.
Lyfa also sighed and nodded.

“That’s true... Whoever said no monsters appear on the Aarun
Plateau?”
“I believe that was you.”

“I don’t recall saying anything like that.”

With this effortless banter, they sighed again in unison.

Upon landing in the mysterious village, they hadn’t see any
villagers—NPCs—while looking around. Still thinking that there
should at least be an innkeeper, they went to enter the largest building
in the village when...

All three buildings in the village collapsed. What used to be the
inn immediately revealed a fleshy lump. However, they had no time to
be surprised at that as the ground beneath their feet split open to
reveal a gaping hole made of the same fleshy substance. It was a
gigantic earthworm type monster that waited underground with its
folds projected above ground to lure in prey.

Kirito, with Yui in his pocket, and Lyfa were pulled into the
earthworm’s mouth by a strong suction. While sliding down the
worm’s throat, Lyfa was convinced that death by being dissolved in an

13

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

earthworm’s digestive juices was probably the worst way of dying she
had experienced in a year of playing ALO.
Their luck seemed to be good however, as the earthworm didn’t
appear to have a stomach. Their tour of its digestive tract lasted for a
good three minutes before they were unceremoniously ejected from
the other end of the earthworm, the mucus coating Lyfa’s body giving
her goosebumps and a sense of revulsion. As she tried to slow her fall
using her wings, she began to panic.
She couldn’t fly. No matter how much strength she put into her
shoulder blades, she couldn’t beat her wings. Straight down into the
darkness she fell, with Kirito close behind, and with a bang, they
landed in a deep snow drift.

Lyfa was the first to recover and struggle out of the snowbank,
and, upon looking up, she saw not the moon and stars but a canopy of
stone extending as far as she could see. ‘No wonder I couldn’t fly, this is
a cave,’ Lyfa thought as she inspected her surroundings.
As she continued to look around, an abnormal shape appeared
near the snow bank where she had first fallen. It was undoubtedly an
«evil-god class monster», which she had previously only seen in
pictures.

Next to her, Kirito poked his head out of the snow. Before he
could say anything, she quickly covered his mouth, understanding their
dire situation. They were in the endless underground world,
«Jötunheimr», the most difficult field in ALO. In other words, that giant
earthworm wasn’t a trap to capture prey for food, but to transport
players here to this land of ice.
The nearly five story building tall, multi-legged evil-god finally
moved away. Lyfa’s group then found this shrine to hide in, and

14

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

pondered what to do. Unfortunately, there was no quick and easy way
to leave this place when flight was prohibited. They had been looking
at the fire while sitting with their back to the wall for about an hour,
which brought things to the present.

“Well... before I can make an escape plan, I need to know about
Jötunheimr considering I have zero knowledge about this field...”

Kirito finally drove away his drowsiness, looked out into the
darkness with sharp black eyes, and spoke.

“Indeed, before coming here, the Sylph lord said something when
I handed over the coins. ‘I think to earn this much money, you’d need
to hunt evil-gods in Jötunheimr,’ or something like that.”
“Ah, yes, she said that.”

Lyfa nodded her head, recalling the memory.

Before getting swallowed by the worm, Kirito and Lyfa had met
with the Sylph and Cait Sith Lords at their conference and fought off a
large hostile force of Salamanders who had attacked them in surprise.
Afterward, Kirito had given the same lords a large sum of money when
he heard that they lacked funds. While accepting these funds, the Sylph
lord Sakuya had certainly made some remark resembling that.

“...Having said that, Kirito-kun, where did you get all that money?”

The unexpected question derailed Kirito’s train of thought and
caused him to stumble over his words.

“That, ahh, some people I knew gave it to me. They used to play
this game a lot in the past, but now have quit playing...”
“Well, if you say so...”

15

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

It was a common enough story. A player, retiring from the game,
gave his money and equipment to friends or acquaintances. Lyfa
decided to believe it and returned to their original conversation.
“Then what is the problem? What is it about Sakuya’s speech?”

“Well, if the lord said something like that, then there must be
players hunting in this field right?”
“There should be some.”

“Thus, in addition to the giant earthworm which acts as a one way
trip, there should be another way to enter and exit this field.”

Finally understanding what Kirito was getting at, she nodded in
affirmation.

“There seems to be... but like you this is my first time here so I
haven’t been there. In Aarun city there are large dungeons to the East,
West, South and North, with their deepest floors supposedly having
stairs leading to Jötunheimr. The location should be...”

Lyfa called up the menu with her left hand and opened the map.
She could see that Jötunheimr appeared to be nearly circular, with
everything around them except their current location grayed out since
she hasn’t been there before. She touched the map with her right index
finger, indicating points at the top, bottom, left, and right.

“They should be here, here, here and here. We are now in a shrine
between the center and the southwest wall, so the nearest stairs
should be to the South or West. But...”
Lyfa slumped her shoulders before making her next remark.

“All of the dungeons stairs will have evil-god class guardians
there.”

16

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“Those evil-gods, how strong are they?”

Lyfa looked incredulously at Kirito before answering his question.

“No matter how strong you are, this time it won’t be enough.
Rumor has it that when this area first opened, the Salamanders sent
down a large party. They were completely wiped out by the first Evilgod class monster they met. General Eugene, who even you struggled
against, didn’t last more than ten seconds against it.”
“...That certainly is something...”

“To hunt here, you have to have heavily armored players as
human shields, high-powered attackers, and at least eight players
focusing on support and recovery. We are two lightly armed
swordsmen; before we could do anything we would be trampled flat
and killed.”
“I would like to avoid that.”

Kirito nodded, but hearing about that kind of challenge seemed to
have gotten him so excited that even his nostrils were twitching. Lyfa,
seeing this, made sure to add another warning.

“But before that, there’s a 99% chance we won’t reach the stairs.
Running this long distance will draw evil-gods, and we will be dead
before we can target them.”
“I see...and we can’t fly in this map.”

“Yes. To restore the power of flight, we would need either
sunlight or moonlight. But as you can see, neither one of those is
available here...The only exception is Imp players, who can fly a little
bit underground...”
17

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Here, her words cut off and they looked at each others’ wings.
Sylph Lyfa’s dark green wings and Spriggan Kirito’s grey wings had
both lost their luminescence and withered. The only thing that marked
them as fairies were their pointed ears, as they could not fly.
“So, our last hope is to meet one of those large-scale evil-god
hunting teams Lyfa mentioned earlier, join with them, and make our
way back above ground.”
“That sounds about right.”

Lyfa turned her gaze outside the small shrine as she nodded.

Through the thin blue darkness, past an expansive forest of snow
and ice, stood a fortress-like building. Of course, it was controlled by
the most powerful Boss-class evil-god and its minions; going close to
that place would mean a very unpleasant death. Naturally, no other
players could be found in the area.
“This Jötunheimr replaced the above ground dungeons as the
highest level in difficulty. It was just recently added. So, the number of
times that a hunting party has come down here is apparently less than
ten. The chance of them accidentally coming near this shrine might be
lower than us defeating a evil-god class monster alone.”
“I guess this will be a real test of our luck.”

Kirito gave a weak smile, then used his right index finger to poke
the head of the nearly ten centimeter tall girl sleeping in his lap.
“Hey Yui...wake up.”

After blinking her eyes with their long eyelashes two or three
times, her small body wrapped in a pink dress abruptly shot up. She
put her right hand on her cheek, stretched her left arm high above her,

18

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

and gave a big yawn. This gesture was so lovely that Lyfa could only
stare in fascination.
“Fuwaaa...Good morning Papa, Lyfa-san.”

The little fairy greeted them in her bell-like voice. Kirito spoke to
her very gently.

“Good morning, Yui. Unfortunately, it is still night, and we are still
underground. Sorry to bother you, but could you search for other
players near us?”
“Yes, understood. Please wait...”

Yui nodded her head and closed her eyes.

The official name for the little fairy, Yui, that Kirito carried around
was a «Navigation Pixie». As long as players paid an additional fee, they
could summon one from the menu window. Though from what Lyfa
has heard, navigation pixies should only give basic information that the
system deemed relevant. They should also speak in a synthesized voice
and have no emotions. She had never heard of one with a personality
or even a name.

‘If you constantly summon the same navigation pixie for a long
time, does it get this friendly?’ thought Lyfa while awaiting Yui’s reply.

When she opened her eyes, her ears drooped in disappointment,
and she shook her glossy long raven-colored hair.

“I’m sorry, I can see no response indicating other players in the
range of my data collection. Before that, if I had just noticed that that
village wasn’t registered on the map...”

Seeing the little fairy hang her head dejectedly from her perch on
Kirito’s right knee, Lyfa used her fingertips to gently stroke Yui’s head.

19

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“No, it’s not your fault, Yui-chan. At that time I asked you to warn
us of nearby players as first priority. You don’t need to sound so sad.”
“...Thank you, Lyfa-san.”

Looking at Yui’s moist eyes, Lyfa found it hard to believe the little
pixie was just a simple piece of program code. She flashed a smile from
her heart, touched Yui’s little face, and turned her attention back to
Kirito.
“Well, since it has come to this, all we can do is try our best.”

“Try... try what?”

Lyfa gave Kirito, who could only blink in confusion, a fearless
smile.

“I just want to try it—whether or not the two of us can reach the
stairs leading above ground. Sitting here is just a waste of time.”
“But, but, you just said it was absolutely impossible...”

“I said that it was 99% impossible. But I want to take a risk on
that 1% possibility. As long as we figure out how the Evil-gods move
and stay out of their view, careful forward movement should be
possible.”
“Lyfa-san, you are awesome!”

Yui clapped her hands, and Lyfa responded with a wink before
standing up.
However, Kirito grabbed Lyfa’s sleeve and drew her back.
“Wh-what?”

20

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa tumbled back to her seat. She started to protest, but the dark
eyes staring into her own from nearby quieted her. As he held her gaze,
the until-now relaxed Kirito addressed her in a firm tone.

“No, you should log out now. I will protect your avatar until it
disappears.”
“Eh?! Wh-why?”

“It is now half past two. Didn’t you say that you are a student?
Today, you have been in FullDive over eight hours for me. I can’t let
you stay with me any longer.”
“...”

The suddenness of Kirito’s comments left her grasping for words,
but he merely looked at her and calmly continued to speak.

“Even going straight we don’t know how long this will take. If we
avoid the very large monsters’ detection range, it will increase our
travel distance. Even if we reached the stairs, it would be around
morning. I have a reason that I must go to Aarun, but today is a
weekday, so I think you better log off. “
“No, I’m okay. Just one all-nighter...”

Forcing a smile, Lyfa shook her head.

Kirito, letting go of Lyfa’s sleeve, lowered his head to make his
final speech.

“Thank you for coming this far with me, Lyfa. If it weren’t for you,
I would probably have taken several days just to gather information.
But thanks to you, I only needed half a day to get here. No matter how
much I thank you it wouldn’t be enough.”
“...”

21

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Unable to fight back the pain in her chest born from these
surprising comments, Lyfa could only ineffectually clench her fists.

Lyfa was uncertain why these words hurt her so deeply, but her
mouth moved instinctively and roughly spat out words.
“...I’m not doing this just for you.”

“Eh?”

Kirito raised his face. Lyfa avoided eye contact with him and
continued in a hard voice.

“I... I wanted to come, that’s how I ended up here. I hope you
understand that at least. What is this about forced journey? Do you
think I hated coming all this way with you?”

Her welling of emotion was detected by the AmuSphere, and it
tried to make a film of tears cover her eyes—she was forced to blink
rapidly to clear them. To escape from Yui’s panicked looks between her
and Kirito, Lyfa turned toward the shrine’s entrance and stood up.
“I... think today’s adventure was the best I have had in ALO. There
were a lot of exciting things. Finally, I too began to think that this world
is another reality, I was starting to believe!”
Lyfa wiped her eyes with her right hand, and was about to go
outside when suddenly—

A huge, strange sound that was neither thunder nor earthquake
came from a short distance away.

“BORURURU!” That roar, was no doubt from the mouth of a huge
monster. Subsequently, the ground began to shake, and there was a
roaring sound of footsteps.
22

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

23

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

‘Oh no! My shouts earlier must have attracted an evil-god! I’m so
stupid, stupid!’ While mentally blaming herself, Lyfa quickly decided to
bait the monster away by running.

Kirito interrupted her by grabbing her left wrist—Lyfa didn’t
even know when he had gotten behind her. His firm grip prevented her
from running out into the field.

“Let me go! I will pull the enemy, and you can use that gap to get
out of here...”

Lyfa urged Kirito in a low voice, but he caught sight of something
and he cautioned Lyfa.
“No, wait. This is bit strange.”
“Strange, what is...”
“It’s not just one.”

After hearing this, Lyfa listened carefully; indeed, there were two
evil-god roars. One was a giant engine producing a low bass, but that
was also mixed with a wooden flute-like wind sound. Lyfa held her
breath, then shook off Kirito’s restraining hand.

“If there are two it’s even worse! If either targets you it will be too
late! After you die, you have to restart from Sylvain again!”
“No, that’s not it, Lyfa-san!”

That small shout came from Yui, who sat on Kirito’s shoulder.

“The two evil-god class monsters nearby... they are fighting each
other!”
“Eh?!”

24

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa quickly closed her eyes and concentrated on listening.
Indeed, the roaring footsteps did not sound like a gallop issued by
going in a straight line but rather like it was moving around irregularly.
“B..but, monsters fighting each other, how...”

Lyfa murmured in awe, completely forgot about the sadness in
her chest. Kirito seemed to have decided on something and spoke up.

“Let’s go and see. This shrine won’t be much of a refuge anyway.”
“That’s true.”

Lyfa nodded and placed her hand on the hilt of the katana at her
waist then followed Kirito out into the darkness filled with dancing
snow.
After running only a few steps, the noise resolved itself into two
evil-god class monsters. They slowly approached from the east of the
shrine, their movements like the shaking of small mountains. Almost
twenty meters tall, both were the blue-grey unique to evil-gods.

Upon taking a closer look, the two evil-gods were different in size.
The one issuing the “BORURURU!” sound was the larger of the two,
about twice the height of the other, a smaller monster making a
chirping “Hyuruhyuru!” sound.

The larger one was vaguely human shaped but had three faces
lined up vertically as well as four arms, two on each side—it could be
called a giant. Each of the angular faces gave the impression of a pagan
god. As each face made its cry, all three together made the continuous,
engine-like “BORUBORU” sound. In each of the beast’s four hands it
held a sword that seemed more like a steel girder, the huge, heavy
blades being swung as if they were weightless.

25

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

In contrast, it was harder to understand what the smaller
monster was modeled after. Large ears, a long elephant-like trunk, and
a body as flat as a bun supported by twenty legs ending in hooked
claws. The overall impression was of an elephant-headed jellyfish.

It extended hook claws to pressure the three-faced giant, but the
other’s four iron swords swung at the speed of storm and easily
blocked the offensive. The claws futilely attempted to reach the giant’s
faces. On the other hand, the giant’s blade easily hurt the body of the
jellyfish-like monster, dark body fluids flying off like mist.
“Wha...What’s going on...”

Lyfa whispered in surprise, completely forgetting to hide due to
her astonishment.

In ALO, battles between monsters could occur but only for three
reasons. First, if one monster was domesticated by a Cait Sith player
with high taming skill; in other words, a «pet». Second, if a Puca played
a melody that either confused or agitated the monster. And third, if one
of the monsters was hypnotized by illusion-type magic and forced to
fight.
In the battle taking place in front of them, none of these appeared
to be the case. If one of the monsters was a pet, its cursor should have
been yellow-green, but both of the evil-gods had yellow cursors. No
music could be heard over the rumbling of the ground and the screams
filling the air, and none of the light effects caused by illusion magic
were present.

Not seeming to notice Lyfa’s group at all, the two evil-gods
continued their intense battle. However, the three-faced giant
appeared to have an advantage, while the movement of the elephant
jellyfish appeared sluggish. Finally, with a swing of its sword, the giant

26

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

cut off one of the jellyfish’s taloned legs, the limb falling to the ground
near Lyfa with a ground-shaking impact.
“Hey, doesn’t it seem a bit dangerous to stay here...?”

Kirito whispered beside her, Lyfa nodded but couldn’t make
herself move. The blood from the wounds sprayed onto the white snow,
dyeing it black, and Lyfa couldn’t take her eyes off the elephant headed
evil-god.

The jellyfish’s injuries forced it to cry out shrilly as it tried to run
away again. The giant wouldn’t let it get away however, swinging the
iron swords more powerfully at the body of the jellyfish. Unable to
withstand the pressure, the jellyfish cried out as it crouched on the
ground, its cries became weaker and weaker. The giant kept
mercilessly swinging its swords, engraving cruel wounds on the gray
skin of the jellyfish.
“...Help it, Kirito-kun.”

Listening to those words coming out of her mouth, Lyfa was
surprised at herself. The expression on Kirito’s face was three times
more surprised than her. Looking at her and the two evil-gods, he
questioned her in a bewildered voice.
“Which one?”

Indeed, compared to the three-face giant, the jellyfish had a
stranger form. But in this situation, there was no need for hesitation.
“Of course, the one being bullied.”

Lyfa immediately answered, but Kirito responded with a very
natural question.
“How?”

27

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“Well...”

Lyfa had no immediate response. Mostly due to the fact that she
didn’t have any idea of what to do. During Lyfa’s period of
indecisiveness, more wounds appeared on the back of the blue-gray,
elephant-headed evil-god.
“...Kirito-kun, do something!!”

Lyfa cried as she clasped both hands to her chest. The Spriggan
boy could do nothing but scratch his black hair.
“Even if you say do something...”

Suddenly, Kirito’s hand stopped moving and he stared at the evilgods again. Eyes squinting slightly, the flashing in his shiny black eyes
reflected the speed of the thoughts running through his brain.
“...A form like that, if it has any meaning....”

Kirito muttered. Then, looking around the area, he whispered to
Yui sitting on his shoulder.
“Yui, is there water nearby? A river or lake is fine!”

Hearing that, the pixie closed her eyes without asking for a reason
and started nodding her head almost immediately.

“There is, Papa! About two hundred meters to the north, there is a
frozen lake!”
“Good...Lyfa, run there like your life depends on it.”

“Uh...Huh?”

It looked like Kirito was talking about form of the giant with three
faces and four arms, but what did water have to do with it?
28

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa was puzzled, but Kirito did not say anything as he bent over
and pulled a long, fat nail out his belt. ‘It must be a throwing pick,’
thought Lyfa despite never having seen such a thing used before.
Because ALO had very powerful long-range attack magic spells, there
was no point to training simple long-ranged weapon skills.
Kirito was doing it for real, however. He twirled the twelve
centimeter pick over his shoulder, holding it with just his fingertips.
“...There!”

With a shout, Kirito’s right arm moved faster than she could see,
and the iron needle flew straight with a stream of blue light...

The missile hit right between the shiny, dark-red eyes of the
highest face of the three-face giant.

Lyfa was surprised, as her careful observation of the giant’s HP
bar showed that its health was reduced very slightly. Such a tiny
weapon penetrating an Evil-god class monster’s overwhelming armor
could not be done without very high throwing skill.

While that damage was nothing to the huge HP bar of the evil-god,
it was doing any damage at all that is important here because—
“BOBOBORURURURU!”

A roar of anger came from the three-faced giant as all six eyes
focused on Kirito and Lyfa, signaling the change of target from the
jellyfish to players.
“...Run for your life!!”

Kirito shouted as he ran northward, spraying snow in all
directions as he took off at top speed.
“Wai...”

29

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

As Lyfa’s mouth moved, she hurriedly followed the Spriggan who
was sprinting far ahead. Then, from right behind her came a roar like
thunder and the sound of something heavy trampling the ground. The
giant was chasing after the two of them.
“Wait...Nooooooo!”

Lyfa screamed as she dashed at top speed. However, Kirito
running ahead of her had a form that even Olympic sprinters would
envy as he pulled further and further away from Lyfa. She had
experienced his running speed as they escaped «Ruger Corridor», but
being left behind was a different matter.
“Sooo meeean!”

While Lyfa was yelling desperately, the huge shaking sound
behind her was getting closer. The evil-god was about thirteen times as
tall as her, so each of his steps was about the same ratio compared to
Lyfa’s. Her fear of that steel beam size sword that might be swinging at
her even now made Lyfa push her entire body to the limit—that is, her
brain’s movement signals worked faster in an attempt to catch up to
Kirito.
Suddenly, ahead of her, the black-clad youth stopped in a cloud of
snow. He turned and caught Lyfa in his extended arms. Despite their
dire straights, Lyfa could feel her face heating up as she turned to look
behind them.

The three-faced giant was close enough to be frightening. It would
catch up in just a few seconds. If they were to be hit with those iron
swords, the lightly armored Kirito and Lyfa would lose all their HP in a
single hit.
‘...What on earth do you want to do!!’

30

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa wanted to ask Kirito, who was holding her close to him. At
the same time...
Crackcrackcrack...sounded the ground as it exploded outward.

The giant’s legs, as large as tree trunks, had broken through the
ice lying beneath the snow. Kirito had stopped in the center of a vast
frozen lake that was covered by snow.

The ice for 15 meters around the evil-god sank, exposing
transparent dark water. The three-faced giant plummeted into his selfmade lake causing a ridiculously large column of water to splash into
the air.
“Just sink like that...”

Lyfa desperately begged, but that easy solution didn’t occur. One
and a half of its faces appeared above water, and it slowly came closer.
It seemed that below the water its lower two arms were acting as
paddles; despite its a rock-like body, it certainly could swim well. If
Kirito was betting on the evil-god drowning, it seemed that he’d lost.

Wanting to start running again, Lyfa turned around only to notice
that Kirito standing motionless. He held onto Lyfa hard enough to
activate the harassment warning, but Kirito remained staring at the
giant.
“...Ah, you, couldn’t possibly...”

‘He wants to die here.’

That thought flashed through Lyfa’s mind.

He couldn’t be doing what Lyfa had attempted earlier, sacrificing
himself to let Lyfa log out, dying and returning to the save point in the
Sylph capital, Sylvian.

31

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa couldn’t allow that. Kirito had a very strong reason to go to
Aarun, or more specifically, the «World Tree», as she’d found out
during their one day of travel. The Spriggan boy’s only reason for
playing ALO was for the purpose of meeting someone up there, and he
had surpassed many obstacles to get this far.
“No, you must escape...”

Lyfa weakly cried while trying to escape from his arms, but she
was cut off by another splashing sound.
Startled, she turned her head and saw a new column of water
appear behind the three-faced giant.

“Yururururu!” That roar was definitely from the elephant-headed
evil-god that the three-faced giant had tormented earlier. Even though
they had pulled the giant away, it had chased after the three-faced
giant rather than escape.

Lyfa instantly forgot her situation, her eyes going wide from
astonishment as she saw -

Cutting the water, around twenty limbs raised up and coiled
around the face and arms of the giant.

“BORUBORU!” The giant angrily roared, trying to swing around its
iron swords. However, they moved slowly in water and could not cut
the jellyfish’s skin.
“...I, I see...”

Lyfa whispered hoarsely.

The elephant-faced jellyfish evil-god was originally an aquatic
monster. When on land, most of its limbs were needed to support that
huge bowl-shaped body. Now that it is in the lake, with its body

32

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

floating in the water, all of its limbs are being used to attack. The giant
on the other hand, needed to use two of its arms to swim, reducing its
offensive power by 50%.

The «form» Kirito was talking about was actually referring to the
jellyfish evil-god. Realizing that it was completely natural for a jellyfish
to be in water, Lyfa was disillusioned that she wasn’t able to notice it
herself so she clasped both hands tightly.

The elephant head evil-god was like a fish in water, the jellyfish’s
power forced the three-faced giant’s head under water. The two supersized monsters’ violent fight caused high waves, spraying large
quantities of water and ice in all directions.
The elephant jellyfish gave an intense roar, its body shining with
a blue white light. The light changed into sparks which flowed along its
twenty limbs.
“Ah...”

“Alright!”

Kirito and Lyfa both shouted at the same time. The three-faced
giant’s HP started decreasing with tremendous speed. Using the
identification skill they could see what amounted to hundreds of
thousands of health points disappearing every time the electricity
sparked.

It might have been the giant’s blood boiling, but there were
several flashes of red under water with columns of steam going up;
these had no affect in the jellyfish evil-god’s HP. Eventually, the
frequency of the “BORUBORU” cries slowed to a stop—followed by an
explosion of polygons large enough to block Lyfa’s vision.
33

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa averted her eyes for a moment, and when she turned back
there was only one cursor displayed.

“Yurururururuuuu...” With a cry of triumph, the elephant jellyfish
lifted its numerous legs, then returned them to the water and began
swimming smoothly through the lake.

Water streamed down the huge body like a waterfall as it dragged
itself onto the bank then walked on the ice toward them. Lyfa held her
breath while watching.

With “Don Don” swaying footsteps it approached, stopping right
in front of them—Lyfa was once again stunned at its huge size. When
fighting the giant, the giant tentacles had seemed like thin limbs, but up
close she realized she couldn’t surround one with her arms spread
wide. High above those tree-trunk-like limbs should be its round body,
but only its contour could be seen.

No matter how you looked at it, its head was that of an elephant.
Instead of ears hanging down the sides of its face it had round, limblike appendages covered with frills that must be gills. Below its round
face hung a nose as long as its limbs. The eyes were a little creepy with
three round jet-black lenses side by side. Lined up like riceballs they
actually gave it a humorous looking expression.
“...So, what should we do now?” Kirito muttered.

Lyfa had indeed said to save the elephant-like monster, but she
hadn’t thought of what to do afterward. The fearsome evil-god before
her eyes had a yellow cursor, indicating that it was hostile, and it could
probably kill both of them with one step of its clawed feet.
However, the fact that it hadn’t attacked them already could be
said to be an irregular development. When it came to the advanced

34

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

dungeons like Jötunheimr, it was normal for all monsters to attack
players the moment they saw them. Since it hadn’t done that, the
elephant-jellyfish might leave if they just waited...

Lyfa’s thinking was betrayed one second later. With a “Yurururu”
sound, the evil-god stretched out its long nose to the two of them.
“Ack...”

While Kirito was backing away, Yui, who had remained silent
until now, grabbed Kirito’s ear and attempted to calm the Spriggan.
“It’s okay, Papa. This child is not angry.”

‘...Child?’ thought Lyfa, but she soon found herself without the
time to ponder that question further.

The long nose gently wound around the two people and slowly
lifted them off of the ground.
“Hieeee!”

Kirito yelled while Lyfa was speechless. The elephant evil-god
slowly lifted them several tens of meters in the air and looked as if it
would place them in its mouth—luckily that didn’t happen; it merely
dropped them on its back.

They landed on their behinds and bounced once before coming to
rest. Seen from afar, the elephant jellyfish’s body was smooth, but their
current proximity revealed that it was covered with gray hair. Seeing
Kirito and Lyfa sitting in the middle of its back, the elephant jellyfish
seem satisfied. It made a pleased sound before moving along like
nothing happened.
“...”

35

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa and Kirito looked at each other once before the Sylph girl
gave up trying to analyze the current situation, opting instead to
leisurely view the surrounding landscape.

The dark kingdom of Jotunheimr was not completely dark. The
ceiling was covered with icicles that released a pale glow. Pale blue
light illuminated the snow-covered landscape, and despite this being a
ultra-hazardous area, it was very beautiful. An old castle in the center
of a black forest, steep cliffs, the tower built to connect this world to
the world above ground. Lyfa could see all these clearly from her perch
tens of meters above ground.

The elephant jellyfish walked on its twenty limbs and after a
minute of traveling on its wobbly back, Kirito whispered a query to his
companion.
“So this is...the start of a quest?”
“Well...”

Looking a bit puzzled, Lyfa formulated a quiet reply.

“If this were a quest, when it is started, it should display a Startlog in this area...”
Lyfa waved her left hand around her upper left field of view.

“Since it’s not displayed here, it isn’t a request type of quest. If
that’s so, then it’s probably an event type...This could be slightly
troublesome.”
“In what way?”

“If it is a quest, there will always be some sort of reward at the
end. But an event is more like the player is participating in a drama—
there is not always a happy ending.”

36

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“...You mean to say we may end up with one of the tragic endings,
right?”

“It’s possible. Before, I made a wrong choice in a horror type
event and I died when a witch boiled me in her pot.”
“What an interesting game.”

Kirito gave a laugh and put on a tight smile, beginning to stroke
the thick hair beneath him.

“...Well, since this happened we might as well ride the boat out—
no, that would be jellyfish. Anyway, even if we jumped down from this
height we would take some serious damage, so we might as well ride it
to the end...Well, this, that is, it might be a bit late...”
“Wh, what?”

Lyfa gave a perplexed look to the Spriggan boy. Kirito hung his
head as he responded.

“...I’m sorry about earlier, Lyfa. I made light of your feelings...Well,
I might have looked down on this world and not approached it
seriously enough. It’s only a game...But be it real or virtual, what you
feel and think are all real, I should know that already...”
Kirito, who had his head down, wore a sad expression on his face.

Lyfa looked at him from the side and couldn’t help feeling a touch
of déjà vu, thinking she had seen that expression before. Lyfa dismissed
that feeling and shook her head many times.

“Y, yes...I’m sorry too...You worked really hard to save me and my
race. ‘ALO is just a game’, you would never think like that, I should
understand it most...”

37

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

«VRMMO-RPGs», including AlfheimOnline, were a whole new
genre of game—somewhere it might be testing their players. Lately,
Lyfa strongly felt like that.

Testing, to exaggerate, meant that it was probably a challenge.
Because it was a game, you couldn’t always win. Sometimes traps from
hostile races stopped your forward progress, or they just attacked you
from front and wipe you out.

At that time, how seriously you struggle or if you could hold your
chest high even in defeat, this game is testing that. In the previous flat
panel display (Computer MMORPGs), other than motion commands
your avatar wouldn’t change a bit;, you just typed in chat about your
defeat whichever way you wanted. Now, under FullDive, the avatar
faithfully reproduced the feelings of the player. It was even possible to
shed tears of mortification.

Many people hated to be seen showing their true feelings; when a
situation turned against them some tried to laugh it off, with many
logging out at the instant of defeat. Even Lyfa didn’t want anyone to see
her crying face if she could help it.

But the mysterious Spriggan in front of her had no connection
with the thought process previously mentioned. Even when trapped by
the Salamander’s one sided attack in the Ruger Corridor or during the
fight with General Eugene where he was pushed back by the demonic
sword, he never hesitated to show his anger and regret. He just did
what he had to do, overcame any obstacles in his path and ultimately
won. It would not be possible to do this for a person who made light of
this world as «just a game».
“...Hey, you...”

38

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

‘Before you came here, what kind of game were you in? What kind
of person are you in reality?’
She wanted to ask that, but kept her lips tight. In VRMMOs, asking
questions about someone’s reality was something that even a very
close friend should refrain from doing.

As Kirito tilted his head in her direction, she just shook her head
and smiled, silently saying ‘It’s nothing.’
“...Well, we’re decided now. I can stay as long as we need. School
attendance is already optional for me.”

Finished, Lyfa offered her right hand. ‘I see,’ Kirito seemed to say
with a laugh before he shook her hand. Lyfa was constantly shaking
her head to hide her blushing cheeks. She became aware of Yui, who
was sitting on Kirito’s shoulder laughing happily, and Lyfa became
even more embarrassed. When she removed her hand, even the tips of
her ears were hot, so she turned her head away.

Not caring about the three’s exchange on its back, the evil-god
continued moving forward rapidly. Looking into the distance, Lyfa
instantly forgot that hot feeling on her face, and her brow furrowed.
“What happened?”

At Kirito’s voice, Lyfa extended her right hand, pointing into the
distance.

“Remember what I said about going to the closest stairs to the
west or south? This child seems to be going the opposite
direction...Look there.”

In the direction Lyfa was pointing, a giant silhouette began to
emerge from the darkness. Forming a arc in the ceiling of Jötunheimr, a

39

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

huge conic structure hung. Like a net, branches knit and wove together
to hold a huge icicle in place.

Judging from the hazy effect of distance it was at least ten
kilometers away, but the huge size completely disrupted a player’s
sense of distance. Several luminous points were trapped within the
icicle, giving the illusion of a gigantic eye blinking majestically.
“...What is that winding thing inside the icicle...?”

“I’ve only seen it in a photograph... that must be the roots of the
World Tree.”
“What...?”

Lyfa’s eyes narrowed and she sent a sharp look at Kirito’s profile,
before her commentary continued:

“The roots which went through the ground of Alfheim hang down
from the roof of Jötunheimr. So instead of going to the edge of
Jötunheimr, this evil-god is taking us right to the center.”

“Hmm... The World Tree, but that happens to be our final
destination... So if we climb the roots will we be able to get out of here?”

“I’ve never heard of it. In the first place, look there—the roots
only extend halfway between the ceiling and the ground. That means it
is more than 200 meters off of the ground. Since we can’t fly in this
field, that height absolutely can not be reached.”
“I see...”

After a small sigh, Kirito finally laughed helplessly.

“Well, now we just have to leave it to this weevil or bathynomus
giganteus. Either we will be welcomed in the Dragon’s Palace, or we
will become their breakfast.”

40

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“Hey, wait a minute. What do you mean bathyno whatever? It
should be elephant or jellyfish.”

When Lyfa pouted and retorted, Kirito just lifted his eyebrows at
her unexpected response.

“Oh, you don’t know? Its other name is giant isopod...It lives in
deep sea, it looks like an Armadillidium vulgare this size...”

Kirito spread his arms out to about hugging length. Lyfa’s upper
body shook as she rushed to change the topic.
“I understand, let’s give it a name! A cute name!”

With a round head and and the lower body of tentacles, elephantlike name, elephant-like name...Lyfa thought really hard on it.
‘Yuuzou’... no... ‘Zooringen’... not that either...
“Then, Tonkii.”

Kirito suddenly said, earning a blank stare from Lyfa. It sure was
a cute name, but how on earth did he think of it? - Elephant Tonkii, the
name sounded familiar.

The answer came to her in two seconds flat once she started
rummaging through her memory. When she was little, she had a
picture book, that was the name of an elephant in it. In the book, at the
end of the long-ago war, an order had been given to dispose of fierce
animals at the zoo. While crying, the zoo keeper put the poison in the
animal’s feed, but smart elephant Tonkii didn’t eat it; it died starving
while receiving repeating cheers, that was the plot of the story.
Whenever her mom read that part, she couldn’t help breaking out in
tears.
“...I feel that name won’t bring us good luck.”

41

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa whispered, Kirito also nodded his head with a sorry look on
his face.
“That may be so, but that was the first thing that came to mind.”

“Oh, so you know about that picture book too. Well, ok. Let’s use
that.”

Lyfa clapped her hands, then patted the short hairs near her feet.

“Hey, evil-god-kun, from now on you will be called Tonkii.”

Of course, the monster gave no response, but it didn’t refuse so
they assumed it accepted the name. If you use taming skill on this evilgod and made it a pet, then you can use the system to give it a name.
However, she had never even heard of a Cait Sith who had mastered
the taming skill that can make an evil-god obey.

Yui, who sat on Kirito’s shoulder, also waved her small hands, and
following Lyfa, called out to the hundreds of times larger beast.
“Tonkii-san, nice to meet you! Please take care of us!”

This time, as if it understood or maybe by accident, the evil-god
moved the gill flaps on both sides of its head.
The elephant jellyfish, now named Tonkii, continued north along
the frozen river.

More than once or twice, they narrowly avoided encounters with
other evil-gods loitering in other fields. But, for some reason, the other
evil-gods looked from grove of trees or hills at them, then left.

They might have thought that Lyfa and Kirito belonged to Tonkii,
but then why would that three-faced evil-god attack Tonkii in the first

42

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

place? There might have been one or two evil-gods that were the same
type as Tonkii, but most of them had forms different from either Tonkii
or the giant.

Lyfa turned to her side, wanting to get Kirito’s opinion, but the
Spriggan had his eyes closed and appeared to be nodding off again.
Lyfa readied her fist again and was about to strike, when a thought
occurred to her; she took a handfull of snow that had fallen on Tonkii’s
back.
Before the snowball object could disappear, Lyfa hurriedly
shoved it down Kirito’s black collar into his back.
“Cold!!”

Hit directly by the cold effect, Kirito shrieked as he jumped up,
after saying ‘Good Morning’ to him, Lyfa asked him about her previous
doubt. The Spriggan wore a reproachful look for a while, but before
long he spoke while thinking.
“...In other words, even between evil-gods, the ones with human
forms and those with bestial forms fight regularly...”
“Possibly... But maybe the humanoid type only attacks the evilgods of Tonkii’s type...”

The Jötunheimr field was only added a month ago as part of a
major update, yet most of it is still unexplored due to the high difficulty.
If it was some kind of event, it was possible that they were the first
players to know of its existence. If it was a normal hunting party that
had stumbled upon Tonkii’s battle with the giant, they would’ve just
watched the fight, and after Tonkii was killed, they would’ve probably
fought the giant - that would have been the expected outcome.
43

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“Well, only the designer and Tonkii know how this event will end,
so let’s just let it play out.”

After saying so, Kirito flopped back down and used his hands as a
pillow and crossed his legs. Yui flew from his shoulder and landed on
his chest, lying down in the exact same position as the boy in black.
Sighing as she noticed how relaxed the two of them were, Lyfa decided
to brace them with a freezing spell if they fell asleep this time. Looking
at the clock at the edge of her view, the pale green numbers already
went past 3am some time ago.

So far, Lyfa had never stayed in game later than 2:00 am, and
what’s ahead is unknown territory. Lyfa gently stroked the short hairs
at her feet, having mixed feelings about playing online game all night
for the first time.

The strange evil-god, unaware of what was happening on its back,
continued walking at a constant pace...

The advance suddenly stopped at a gentle hill covered in ice and
snow.
“Uwaa...”

Moving to front of Tonkii’s head, Lyfa looked forward and
unintentionally gasped in surprise.
It was a hole.

The scale wasn’t ordinary. A large vertical hole so wide that the
far side faded into a misty blue color. Sheer cliffs covered by thick
snow and deep ice that was transparent at the top but gradually faded
into a light blue color, then through blue to indigo blue and settled into
a dark lacquer the further down one looked. But, no matter how one’s
44

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

eyes stared, the bottom was shrouded in a deep darkness, making it
appear bottomless.
“...I wonder what would happen if someone fell off that...”

Kirito said in a strained voice. Yui, back on his shoulder, replied in
a serious voice:

“The bottom of the structure is not defined in the map data I can
access.”
“Wow, it truly is a bottomless pit.”

Kirito and Lyfa slowly moved back, returning to the top of
Tonkii’s back. Before that, the evil-god started moving again.
‘- No way, does it want to throw us down the hole!?’

Lyfa screamed in her heart, but fortunately, the evil-god didn’t
seem to be so ungrateful. It folded its twenty legs in and kept its back
horizontal as it sat down.

After a few seconds, Tonkii settled down onto the snow with a
thud. Yururu, it cried in a low voice, then pulling in its long nose, Tonkii
completely stopped moving.
back.

“...”

Kirito and Lyfa glanced at each other, then gingerly climbed off its

After a few steps out, they turned around to look back at the
jellyfish, but what was lying there was no longer either an elephant or
a jellyfish. With its limbs and head tucked under its body, all it looked
like was a giant steamed bun enshrined in the snow.
“...This guy, what is he doing...”

45

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Lyfa walked forward a few steps to stand beside Kirito, who
uttered that in amazement. She tapped the thick grey fur.
“Hey, Tonkii, what should we do now?!”

No answer. Lyfa swatted the evil-god’s side slightly harder with
her right hand and felt a slight change. When Tonkii had given them a
ride, his skin had been like a urethane cushion, but now, it had become
hard.

It can’t be, he died when he reached his objective? Thinking that,
Lyfa rushed to his side and forced her ear below his fur. A faint,
periodic, bass ‘boom boom, boom boom’ can be heard, relieved, Lyfa
removed her head from his side.

He was still alive. Lyfa turned to see his HP gauge had recovered
from his battle with the three-faced giant and it’s now full.

“This means... he’s just sleeping? When we have been working
hard all night?”

Lyfa pouted, she went up to Tonkii and was about to pull his fur
in revenge, when Kirito raised his voice from behind her.
“Hey Lyfa, look at the top, it’s amazing!”
“What....?”

Lyfa raised her head to look at the scene, indeed, it was an
amazing sight.

The roots of the World Tree and the inverted cone they wrapped
around that they had seen from far earlier were now directly overhead.
Though it was still hard to estimate, the diameter of the icicle above
was probably about the same as the hole stretching below. Looking
very carefully, it was possible to see some sort of structure in the icicle.

46

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Transparent halls and corridors were lit by fires, casting bright blue
light through the ice.

“Really, amazing... if this is all part of one dungeon, I don’t doubt it
is the largest in ALO.”

Lyfa sighed and unconsciously reached toward it. However, there
was of course a space of 200 meters or more to the bottom of the large
icicle. It was a distance that even a member of the Imp race, which
could fly underground, would not be able to cross.
“How do you get there...”

Lyfa asked Kirito, but before he could answer, the little pixie
sitting on the black clad shoulder spoke up with a piercing voice.

“Papa, there are other players approaching from the east! One...
no behind that are... twenty-three!”
“...!!”

Lyfa took a deep breath.

Twenty-four people. This is obviously a party formed for hunting
evil-gods.

Originally, they are what we wished to encounter. If we told them
our situation and they let us join, we could use the dungeon with stairs
and escape aboveground.

However, now. In a word, the purpose of players who approach in
this situation...
Lyfa bit her lip, staring eastward, and after a few seconds heard
the faint rustling sound of feet moving through snow. It was a sound
that would have been inaudible if not for her acute hearing as a

47

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

member of the Sylph race. She could not see them, so they are probably
using stealth magic.

Lyfa quickly held up her hands, preparing to use the magic that
would allow her to see them. However, a space no more than ten
meters away started to distort like a film of water. A single player
appeared.

He was a man with pale white skin that had a bluish cast and long,
light blue hair. There was no doubt, he was an Undine. The engravings
on his grey leather armor mimiced the appearance of scales, and a
small bow hung from his shoulder.
This man is probably responsible for reconnaissance and locating
the enemy’s position, in other words a scout. Judging from his supple
movement and high-grade equipment, you could tell he was a high
ranking player.

With a sharp glint in his eyes, the scout stepped forward and said
the words Lyfa most feared.
“You guys, that evil-god, are you going to hunt it or not?”

Of course, he was refering to Tonkii, who was curled up in a ball
next to Lyfa.
When Lyfa did not answer, the man’s countenance grew even
sharper, and he continued.

“If you are going to kill it, then do quickly. Otherwise, get out of
the way, or you will get caught up in our ranged attacks.”

Before finishing those words, many footsteps sounded from the
ridge behind the man. It seems the main force of the party had caught
up.

48

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

If they were party formed by mixed races in the neutral zone,
there was still hope...

But Lyfa’s hopes were quickly betrayed as more than twenty
players walked across the snow. They all had the same white skin and
blue hair. In other words, they were an elite Undine evil-god hunting
team, probably from «Crescent Moon Bay», far to the east.

If it was a mixed force formed by «renegades» who had left their
territory, they might have overlooked the combination of a Sylph and a
Spriggan. But if they were all honorable members of the Undine race
they wouldn’t be quite so nice. They might actually accumulate “honor
points” if they kill the mixed group of Lyfa and Kirito. They would
probably just consider the two of them fair game. Thus we could be
thankful they bothered to warn us.
‘- But, for now we just had to be unreasonable. We couldn’t let
them kill our companion, Tonkii.’

Lyfa thought so from the bottom of her heart, and moved between
Tonkii and the blue-haired scout, and said in a low voice:
“...I ask at the risk of bad manners. This evil-god, let us have it.”

Hearing that, the man and the battalion of players behind him
showed a light, bitter smile.

“In the lower-level hunting grounds maybe, but saying this in
Jötunheimr is something else. ‘This place is mine’ and ‘This monster is
mine’ have no meaning here. If you came here, you should be a veteran
and should understand.”

What the man was saying was quite right. Insisting on the right to
a field or monster, if the situation was reversed Lyfa would be amazed
too. Of course, priority was granted when in battle with a monster, but

49

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

right now Tonkii was just curled up and the Undines want to attack,
Lyfa had no right to interfere.
It was painful. As Lyfa was biting her lips, a shadow moved
forward. It was Kirito.

Lyfa suddenly sucked in a deep breath. No way, was he going to
do something unreasonable again, like when he confronted General
Eugene and the Salamanders, that was - would he fight them? Would
he draw his sword against so many opponents?

It would be a useless fight. There were twenty-four players in
front of them, and they must all be super veterans or they wouldn’t be
here in Jötunheimr. They were on a completely different level then
those Salamanders in the Ruger corridor. Heavily armored warriors
and mages with their staffs showed the difference clearly.
However, the actions taken by Kirito were totally unexpected.

The black clad Spriggan, without touching his sword, knelt on the
snow and bowed his head.
“I beg of you.”

The voice that left his mouth was entirely serious.

“...Although the cursor is yellow, this evil-god is our companion...
No, our friend. We came all the way here after it almost died. Till the
end, we want it to do what it has to.”

With that, Kirito bowed his head more deeply, the blue haired
scout closed his eyes for a second.

When he opened them, he let out an enormous gale of laughter. A
laugh quickly echoed by the pack of players approaching from behind
him.

50

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“Hey... hey, are you really player? You’re not a NPC, right?”

With a final laugh, the scout spread his hands and shook his head.
Then reached over his shoulder and removed his elegantly designed
bow. He drew a silver arrow from his quiver and notched it to his bow.

“...Sorry, but we are not just playing around in this field. Just a
little while ago, we were wiped out by a huge evil-god. It was very hard
to collect all the Remain Lights and restore our party. When I see easy
prey in front of me, I want to hunt it. Because I’m a nice guy... I’ll give
you ten seconds to get out of the way. When that time is over, we won’t
see you anymore. Mage team, begin casting support magic.”
The man waved his hand, and the players in back row began
casting spells. One after another, colorful light effects appeared,
granting various stat boosts to the warriors.
“Ten...Nine... Eight...”

The noise level increased severalfold with the sound of the magic
as the scout’s loud countdown began.
Lyfa’s fists clenched so hard her knuckles creaked and her whole
body trembled with anger. Facing Kirito’s back, Lyfa exclaimed:
“...Let’s back up, Kirito.”
“...Ok.”

Kirito whispered with his head down, he turned west, moving
along the edge of the bottomless pit. Lyfa also walked with him, side by
side. The scout continued the countdown behind them.
“Three...Two... One... Begin attacking.”

With no fighting spirit, she heard the calm instruction, and after
that...

51

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

The sound of ferocious attack magics overlapped with metallic
sounds that echoed as the warriors launched their assault.

Right behind their backs, a succession of overwhelming
explosions shook the ground followed by a blast of hot air that sent
Lyfa’s green ponytail streaming in front of her.

Kirito and Lyfa turned after they had moved about 30 steps away.

At that moment, the warriors’ swords, axes, spears and other
weapons hit Tonkii’s big body, one after another. Intense light effects
and heavy impact sound effects followed the attacks. Despite having
the defense of an evil-god, the repeated attacks from players with highlevel equipment was taking its toll. Tonkii’s HP steadily decreased.
The eight warriors continued to attack for several seconds before
moving back some distance. As soon as the warriors moved away, the
second volley of attack magic was completed and released along with
arrows from several archers.

The magic caused a terrible explosion which completely
swallowed Tonkii, even though he was more than four meters in height.
With a pillar of flame, the glossy fur was burnt, scorching it. With that,
around ten percent of Tonkii’s total HP was gone.
Over the sound of the flames, they could hear the flute-like
Yururuuu, Yururuuu, roar.

That was definitely Tonkii’s cry. It was even thinner and more
tragic than when he was being overwhelmed by the three-faced evilgod.

Not wanting to watch any more, Lyfa turned her face to the left.
52

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

53

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Doing that, a scene that pricked her heart was seen. Kirito stood
with his hands in fists, from his breast pocket, the little pixie, Yui,
showed her face and clenched her hands over the rim of the pocket.

Her pretty face was distorted by grief, from her dark eyes tear
after tear came dripping down. Watching the tear streaked pixie
holding back her screams while her shoulders shook, Lyfa felt
something hot ooze from her eyes.
‘- If only the Undine forces were just a ruthless PK group!’

Then Lyfa could hate them. So she could swear that she would
take revenge for the dying Tonkii.

But now they are just exercising their legitimate rights as players
of an MMO. Killing monsters to earn money and experience was the
first reason for playing, it originated in the table RPG games from many
years ago, and hadn’t changed over the years, eventually it evolved into
FullDive type games. Neither the manners nor rules of Alfheim
permitted Lyfa to speak against the Undines.

However, even if he was a monster, since he became a friend and
a travelling companion, what kind of manners won’t let you protect
him? ‘This child is a friend so don’t kill him’, if we couldn’t say that,
what was the meaning of the rules?

Lyfa believed that even in this world, there was «freedom of
spirit». Lyfa believed it was possible to show feelings here that you
would never expose in the real world. However, as players increased
their status, donned rarer and more powerful equipment, their rank
increased, but at the same time, their wings were bound by chains. At
one time, even those Undines were beginning players who didn’t know
right from left, when they saw non-active monsters in the field, some
might have thought that they were cute and not want to kill them.

54

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

With attacks that sound continuous, Lyfa stood inconsolably. As
the attacks got louder, Tonkii’s cries, which were inversely
proportional, become more and more feeble. Tonkii’s HP had already
sunk below 50%. There were two minutes - no, sixty seconds left.
“...Kirito-kun.”
“Lyfa.”

They spoke almost simultaneously.

Lyfa raised her eyes to met the Spriggan’s black pupils and said:
“...I’m going to help.”
“I’ll go too.”

‘Your goal is Aarun so run away’, Lyfa swallowed back her words
and nodded her head. If the two of them interfere, they will be dead in
ten seconds or less. There was no meaning behind their actions.

But, like with Kirito, Lyfa’s beliefs won’t let her sit on the sidelines
and do nothing. They had saved Tonkii from the three-faced giant and
Tonkii had saved them in return. Even if the evil-god is nothing more
than a bunch of code buried in a corner of the server, they had became
friends, and even given it a name, there was no way they could just
stand there and watch him die, or else there was no point in playing
VRMMOs.

“...You know, today I’ll help you travel from Sylvain to Aarun
again.”

Lyfa said quickly, Kirito nodded and put a hand to his sword’s hilt.
“Thank you. ...Yui, hide well.”

“Yes... Papa, Lyfa-san... good luck!”

55

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Yui hid deep in Kirito’s pocket, the pixie’s face now free of tears.
Kirito and Lyfa drew their swords at the same time. At the sharp
metallic sound, an Undine mage at the side turned with a questioning
look.

We will go after the low defense mages first. Confirmed by eye
contact, they both dashed forward at full speed. Snow scattered high as
the air shook with the force of their passage.

Lyfa too moved at the limit of her speed bringing down her
katana with both hands as she reached her target.
“Eyaa!!”

Down came the katana with fierce momentum. Like green
lightning, the katana bit into the shoulder of the mage on the back left
edge.

The light blue robe he wore was a considerably rare piece of
equipment, and his HP was only reduced by about 30%. As he went to
raise his staff, a black flash hit his body horizontally. A bit later, loud
booming attack sound effect was heard. His HP was reduced another
40% by one of Kirito’s godspeed blows with his greatsword.

Not showing any mercy, Lyfa relentlessly continued to attack the
player floating silently through the air. With each hit, the mage’s HP
decreased until with a final blow it became zero.

Then in a column of blue water the Mage’s avatar disappeared. All
that remained was a Remain Light, and brushing it off, Lyfa turned to
the next enemy.
At this point, the other mages who were focused on attacking
Tonkii with long range spells finally seem to notice that something was
wrong. With a dumbfounded expression, one started yelling.

56

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“...Are you serious?”

“Well, what do you... think!”

Shouting in response, Lyfa kicked snow.

They were indeed the Undine elite troops, their reaction speed
was very fast. They stopped the long incantations, and switched to
high-speed short range spells. However, Lyfa and Kirito’s speed was
slightly higher. In position to use the second mage as a shield, they
continued their sword crossing attacks. The Mages still released their
spells, but the most that happened was that their clothes were grazed
as the mages were using the type of magic that moved in straight lines.

Lyfa frowned as one or two homing-type spells, which were
mixed in, scored direct hits. Killing her second mage, Lyfa turned to see
Kirito already moving on to his next target. With a swing of his sword,
Kirito broke the ground, sending snow flying in all directions.
Suddenly, there came a sound as a silver arrow sank into Kirito’s
left shoulder.
Turning around to look at the scout leader, standing a fair
distance away, who with a straight face readied a second arrow.
Opening his mouth, he loudly ordered:
“Warrior team, fall back! The mage team is under attack!”

The second arrow shot toward Lyfa’s chest, silver trailing it like a
meteor. Too fast to dodge she blocked it with her left arm. Thunk! With
the sound of impact, Lyfa’s HP was reduced by more than ten percent.
While she was staggering, a high pressure stream of water that was
more like a laser pierced her right leg. Of course, Lyfa did not feel any
pain, but her face contorted with the unpleasant numbness.
57

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

As Kirito fought his third opponent, who had already lost more
than half of his HP, he was engulfed in an ice tornado. Lyfa got close,
ready to use recovery magic, but found the mages gathered in
preparation for a large-scale magic attack. Moreover, the warriors who
had been attacking Tonkii came rushing over with the look of demons.
‘- Is this as far we go?’

Nearly fifty seconds had already passed since the battle began,
and they have fought well considering the number of opponents. With
this, Tonkii would no doubt forgive them.

Lyfa shut her eyes and laid her head on Kirito’s chest, waiting for
the moment that sword, arrow or magic would blow their HP away.

However, before the sound of attacks, the flute sound of a cry tens
of thousands of times louder was heard. The intensely cold air shivered,
the sound echoing off the distant snow covered mountains, it was
definitely Tonkii’s cry, but it was totally different from his earlier weak
cries.

It couldn’t be, had Tonkii finally died? Lyfa thought as she turned
her pained face to the top of the hill.

That oval body was engraved with many scars, but one was
especially long and deep. As she watched that crack extended until the
ends connected.
“Oh...”

Lyfa whispered. She had expected to see the black blood of the
evil-god gushing out of the crack on its body.
But -

Gushing out, was pure white, dazzling light.

58

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

The white light shot out accompanied by a high-pitched
resonance that enveloped warriors, mages, and scouts, not sparing a
single Undine. The aura of support magic surrounding their bodies
became smoke and dissipated and the effects of attack magic
evaporated.
...Dispel Field!

A special ability that only high-level boss monsters possessed. For
a low-level evil-god’s ability, it was way too strong. Not understanding
what was happening, Lyfa, Kirito and the 22 Undines were frozen for
an instant.
With all eyes gathered, the light that covered Tonkii’s body
silently dispersed. No, that’s not it. Only its thick, hard husk blew off.
The continuing light source stretched out like a spiral minaret.
The tip of the the spiral of light moved, and she understood.

That the source of light, the pure white strips, were eight glowing
wings expanded radially, four on each side.
“...Tonkii...”

Seeming like it heard Lyfa, the unchanged elephant-like face lifted
away from the wings. Its long nose held high and its fluttering ears
spread wide -

Yurururuuu. The loud sound once again emanated from the evilgod who was no longer a jellyfish. With a flap of the eight wings, it
soared skyward.
The once round body is now sleek and streamlined. Of the 20
tentacles that once hung down from its stomach, they were no longer

59

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

clawed feelers, but more like the vines of a plant. Its HP, which had
decreased to about 10% was recovered to full.

After reaching around ten meters in height, Tonkii hovered for a
moment, when, without warning its color shifted until it was emitting a
blue glow.
“Ah... That’s bad...”

Kirito whispered that, then he suddenly twisted round to grab
Lyfa and dragged her down to the snow.

Just after that, Tonkii released a truly massive thunderbolt from
each of its legs, one after another.

Without even having time to scream, the Undines were struck and
blown apart with the noise. Some mages and archers were blown to
pieces in a single hit, but the warriors seemed to have endured.

“Retreated to the bottom of the hill! Close battle formation for
healing and support!”

The scout commander, seeing no chance of recovery, shouted. Of
the less than twenty people who survived, all ran down the slope
together. The warriors built shield walls while the remaining mages
started chanting behind them.

However, Tonkii slowly glided through the air catching up, this
time filled with a pure white light.

Kuaa... echoes as rings of light rained down, disabling any magical
powers. Also, any incomplete incantations turned into smoke and
dissipated.
“Goddamn it!!”

60

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

The scout leader, shouted having finally lost his composure. He
raised his hand toward the sky. Arrows of smoke burst out, creating a
smokescreen, hiding all of the Undines.
“Retreat, retreat!!”

While that order was shouted, the Undine forces fled in a straight
line, clearly visible from where Lyfa stood. Their escape was also very
quick, and they soon disappeared over the ridge in the distance.

Of course, for the Tonkii who could now fly, catching up to players
trying to escape on the ground would be easy. But it just issued a cry of
victory, then flapped four wings on one side to change direction.
Then it flew slowly until it hovered just over the heads of Lyfa and
Kirito. From the now mostly white elephant head, three pairs eyes
shifted to look down at them.
“...So, what should we do now?”

Kirito said something that she had heard before.

Tonkii simply elongated its nose, answered him. Its nose
stretched and wrapped around Lyfa and Kirito, lifting them without an
explanation. ‘That’s what I thought!’ While thinking that, they were
dropped down on its back, landing on their behinds at the same time
with a don sound.

They looked at each other and sheathed their swords. Lyfa began
stroking its white fur. Maybe it was just her imagination, the fur now
seemed to be longer and even more supple than before.
“...After all that, it’s good that you are alive, Tonkii.”

Lyfa said, then Yui stuck her head out of Kirito’s pocket, clapped
her hands said:

61

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“I’m really glad too! Alive means good things will happen!”

“That would be nice...”

Kirito said while looking up and down.

After this, Tonkii would probably go somewhere. Ahead, was the
big hole in the center of Jötunheimr - if that was his destination, it
would get more confusing. Fortunately, after a shout, he headed above,
in the direction of the roots of the World Tree.
Every time it beat its wave-like wings, its hair wrapped close to
its body, the great evil-god began to rise through the air. It flew
upward in a spiral, until Lyfa was able to the see the entire region of
Jötunheimr.
“Wow...”

Lyfa could not help but exclaim, she began to glance over the
beautiful and deadly ice world.

In this area flight was not possible, so to see the view from such a
high altitude was something that only Lyfa and Kirito had ever seen.
Lyfa subconsciously opened her menu window to bring out an item to
take a picture, but she thought again and stopped herself. Perspective
views can be preserved through the screenshots, but the mood at this
time could not be recorded. The sorrow and joy, melancholy and
feeling of freedom were all mixed together to form a feeling of wonder.

Whether Tonkii knew how Lyfa was feeling or not, he slowed
down his speed a bit and made a small turn, then once again
strengthened the force of the wings.

Suddenly, from above an object entered her vision at close range,
Lyfa couldn’t immediate make it out.

62

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

The transparent ice blue inverted crystal cone. It was wrapped
around by black mesh tube-like things, the roots of the World Tree.

According to the close distance effect, the length of the huge icicle
is roughly two hundred meters or more. As they speculated on the
ground, it was internally divided into several sections, forming an ice
dungeon.

Without a sound, Lyfa opened her eyes wide, carefully inspecting
it. Suddenly, at the icicle’s bottom - inside the sharp point, a flash of
golden light caught her attention.
No matter how much she concentrated, she couldn’t make it out.
Lyfa unconsciously raised her right hand, incanting a short spell.
Water started gushing out of her hands, immediately freezing to
form a flat crystal. Kirito quickly turned to face her and asked:
“What is it?”

“A type of distance viewing magic made with an ice crystal. Here,
look at the tip of that huge icicle, you can see something shining...”

After hearing this, Kirito took a closer look through the lens. The
shaking golden light slowly steadied, finally leaving a clear image.
“Oh WOW!”

Once she saw the true nature of the light, Lyfa gave a squeal like a
little girl.
Sealed in the tip of the icicle, stood a fearful yet beautiful
transparent golden blade. Judging by the phosphorescence that
wrapped around the blade and its minute decoration, it was clear that
it was a legendary sword. No, even before that, Lyfa already knew the
name of the sword.

63

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“That is the «Holy Sword Excaliber». I’ve seen picture of it on the
official ALO website... It is the only sword that surpasses General
Eugene’s «Demonic Sword Gram», the one and only strongest sword...
As far as I know, no one has ever been able to discover its location.”
“S, Strongest...”

With Lyfa explaining with a voice so full of wonder. Kirito
swallowed his saliva and gulped nervously.

The sealed sword was located at the bottom of a spiral staircase,
which appeared to be connected to the icicle dungeon. That is to say,
only someone who fought through the entire dungeon could obtain the
ultimate sword.

The evil-god, Tonkii, carrying the two fairies, circled the icicle and
rose in a spiral. Peeling her eyes away from the holy sword, Lyfa
looked up and discovered two things.

The first thing Lyfa saw was a platform-shaped balcony
protruding from the middle of the icicle. Tonkii’s flight path would pass
near it. It was very possible to jump off Tonkii onto that balcony.
Second, at the top of the ice-covered Jötunheimr was a hanging
root with carved stairs. The stairs kept going up and continue past the
ceiling. It was definitely an escape route that would lead to the
aboveground area of Alfheim.

There was no connection between the stairs leading aboveground
and the balcony leading to the dungeon. If you jumped to the balcony
for a chance at the holy sword, then there wouldn’t be a way to get to
the stairs.
Kirito seemed to have arrived at the same conclusion. His eyes
kept darting back and forth between the balcony and the escape stairs.

64

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

While doing that, they approached the balcony. After twenty... no... if
they don’t make a decision in ten seconds...

In silence, Tonkii arrived at the balcony, he flew horizontally as if
to give them the chance. For VRMMO players like Kirito and Lyfa their
first instinct was to jump down, and their bodies shook.
- But of course, they did not jump off.

They looked at each other, wearing slightly embarrassed smiles,
then Lyfa spoke.
“...We must come here again, but with lots of comrades.”

“You are right. This dungeon is perhaps the most difficult place in
all of Jötunheimr. With just by the two of us, there is no way we can
breakthrough.”
“Ah, you, have way too much regret!”

While the two laughed, Tonkii went past the balcony without
confusion and continued to rise. Looking down past the square entry of
the dungeon, there was a shadow of a terrible evil-god. It resembled
the three-faced giant that had attacked Tonkii, but it appeared to be
much stronger humanoid type.

Perhaps the strongest monster in the deepest dungeon of
Jötunheimr is from the same species. The evil-god seems to be a type
that Tonkii’s species viewed with hostility, maybe that’s why they were
responsible for transporting players here. That was also why the giant
was trying to kill Tonkii before it evolved.

If they joined an evil-god hunting party and mechanically fought,
they would never think of only killing the giant-type monsters, and

65

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

saving the elephant jellyfish type. If just the two of them didn’t fall
down here, this event, no, this friendship wouldn’t have happened.

While she was speculating, Tonkii approached the canopy. The
root with the carved staircase was clearly visible, hanging down from
the corner of the icicle.

With a Yururu, Tonkii spread its wings and slowed down.
Hovering, it extended its nose, winding it around the tree root near the
stairs like a rope, and stopped.
Seeing the wooden stairs shake, Lyfa stood up.

Naturally taking Kirito’s hand in her own, they moved to the
bottom step.

With a little shake, Tonkii confirmed the loss of its burden and
uncoiled his nose from the root. It turned around high above getting
ready to dive.

As it turned, Lyfa grabbed the tip of the huge receding nose in one
hand.

“...I’ll come again, Tonkii. Take care until then. Don’t let the other
evil-gods bully you.”

When done whispering, Lyfa let go. Kirito grabbed the trunk and
Yui even flew out of his breast pocket, grasping a bunch of the fur
which hung off its nose with both small hands.
“We will talk a lot again, Tonkii-san.”

The pixie smiled as she spoke. The evil-god answered with a
Furururu and turned, folding its wings.
It descended at a tremendous speed, shrinking in moments.

66

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Wings shining one last time, the mysterious evil-god faded into
the darkness of Jötunheimr. Surely, now it will be able to live free from
torment, flying freely through the sky. And, if we ever had the chance
to return to this place and call out to him, he would surely give us a
ride on his back again.
Lyfa wiped the tears that had begun to trickle out of the corner of
her eyes, and meeting Kirito’s eyes, started to laugh.
“Let’s go! I am pretty sure that Aarun is above!”

After listening to the vibrant words, Kirito stretched and replied:

“Well, lets finish the last leg of this journey... Lyfa, when we get to
the top, let’s keep what we know about the holy sword secret.”
“Oh you, saying something to ruin this important moment...”

The black clad Spriggan shrugged his shoulders, while still
holding hands, started running up the spiral stairs through the root.

The trip that took less than three minutes when falling through
the gigantic earthworm, was much more time consuming when
journeying on foot. As they walked up a path dimly lit by glowing
mushrooms, she soon gave up counting the steps, after more than ten
minutes, a thin streak of bright light appeared ahead.

Kirito and Lyfa looked at each other, and with a final spurt rushed
to the exit. Taking two steps at a time, they stuck their heads out of a
hole in the wall of the tree.

Jumping out of the stairway, they found themselves on a mosscovered stone terrace. They did a full turn from the momentum, then
sat down on the stone pavement.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

After opening eyes which were closed the second they emerged,
they took in the sight in front of them It was the night view of a beautiful, majestic city.

As if the remains of an ancient civilization, stone buildings of
various sizes spread out in all directions. Yellow fires, blue magic lights,
and pink mineral lights twinkled everywhere as though stardust had
been sprinkled over the city. There was no unity of race among the
silhouettes of the players moving around under this light, but an equal
number of each of the nine fairy races.
After taking in the city at night, Lyfa lifted her face.

Upon the dark blue of the night sky, a shadow in the form of a tree
split the night.
“...The World Tree...”

Lyfa whispered, she looked at Kirito beside her and continued:

“...No doubt, this is «Aarun». The center of Alfheim. This world’s
largest city.”
“Yes. ...We are finally here.”

Kirito nodded his head, Yui stuck her face out of his pocket,
revealing a brilliant smile.

“Wow! This is the first time I am in a city with so many people!”

It was the same for Lyfa. The many people who left their home
territory and enjoyed adventures freely, she had never thought of it
before.

The two and one just sat on the edge of the terrace, enjoying the
ambiance of the bustling city.

68

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

69

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

Soon, the heavy sound of a pipe organ sounded, breaking Lyfa out
of her introspection. That was followed by a female voice floating down
from the heavens. ‘This is a notice of the regular weekly maintenance,
which occurs at 4 am, the server will be closed’, a system
announcement. Lyfa had never stayed logged on so long before, so this
was the first time she had heard it.
Truly, a lot of ‘first times’ happened since yesterday. While
thinking that, Lyfa moved her legs forward, and stood up.
“We should stop here today. Let’s find an inn and logout.”

Kirito stood up, and nodding once, the Spriggan asked:
“When does the maintenance end?”
“It lasts until noon today.”
“I see...”

After looking down lightly, Kirito suddenly stared at the sky.

The branches of the world tree opened, springing in every
direction.

Kirito’s black eyes narrowed slightly, his mouth seemed to move,
seeing that, Lyfa remembered his reason for coming to Alfheim.
He want to meet «someone» at the top of the World Tree.

I wonder who that is. If it’s not a quest NPC, it might be a staff
member on operating side, or...

Before she can think any further, Kirito had resumed his earlier
expression and said:

“Let’s find an inn. I am poor now, someplace not too luxurious
would be nice.”

70

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 5

“...Acting cool, you gave all of your money to the two lords? At
least keep some living expenses!”
Lyfa laughed at his predicament, then said to Yui in his breast
pocket.
“That’s what your papa said. Is there a cheap inn nearby?”

Strangely, the Navigation Pixie had crinkled her eyebrows in a
frown, looking at the world tree, she soon smiled and answered.
“Yes, down there seems to be a place that is super cheap!”
“S, super cheap...”

Not caring about Lyfa’s hesitation, Kirito began to walk briskly, so
she followed.

Though she should be feeling sleepy from staying up too late, she
felt a bit uneasy and looked at the world tree once again.

Of course, with the foliage lost in the night sky, there was nothing
to see.

71

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

Chapter 6
Asuna/Yuuki Asuna’s imprisonment had a double meaning ever
since January, 2025.
The first kind of imprisonment was being confined in a golden
cage. Although this human-sized cage was luxurious and beautiful, it
could not be destroyed, no matter what method was used.

The reason was because the one-centimeter thick bars were not
metal, but virtual 3D objects composed of digital code. The cage had
been designated as «indestructible» by the system, so even if the bars
were pounded with a sledgehammer, not a single scratch would be
found.

The second imprisonment was that of Asuna’s consciousness,
which was trapped in a dive in the virtual world itself.

The name of this world was «ALfheim Online», referred to as ALO.
It was a large scale network RPG administered by «RECTO Progress» a type of game known as a VRMMO.

ALO itself was operating as a net game without anyone knowing
the difference; tens of thousands of regular players pay a connection
fee and enjoyed the game. However underneath the game, because of a
man’s evil intentions, it was engaged in a massive illegal and inhuman
project.

72

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

The core operating systems of ALO were actually a copy of
«Sword Art Online» which shook and shocked Japan for two years from
2022 to 2024.

Development of SAO was controlled by «Argus», which had let ten
thousand people, regardless of age or sex, become captives in a virtual
world, with a death count of nearly 40%. In the aftermath of that
terrible incident, they went bankrupt. «RECTO», a major electronics
manufacturer’s FullDive Research Division was commissioned to
perform maintenance on the SAO server. The man in question had an
important position and used a copy of the original SAO data to
successfully create ALO. After the death game was cleared, the minds
of all remaining players should have been liberated but he, using
«Consciousness Abduction», imprisoned the awareness of three
hundred players in the ALO server.
The man’s purpose was to use these three hundred players’
brains as experimental materials, utilizing the FullDive system to study
human emotion and memory manipulation.

The man also imprisoned Asuna’s consciousness inside the world
of ALO. Her avatar was shut in a bird cage hanging on a branch of the
«World Tree» in the center of Alfheim, at a height that no player could
ever reach. The man’s motive was to ensure Asuna’s slumber, and to
become her husband in the real world and therefore become the
successor to the CEO of RECTO, Asuna’s father, Yuuki Shouzou. Now,
two months after the resolution of the SAO incident, he was close to
achieving his goals.

That man’s name is Sugou Nobuyuki. His other name is the ruler
of Alfheim, «Fairy King Oberon».

73

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

Using the hard won passcode, Asuna opened the cage and stepped
onto the path leading from the golden birdcage. She glanced at the sun
which was setting over the horizon while she slowly crept forward.
Engraved with the ring pattern of a tree, the branches of the
«World Tree» formed a long and wide path. Smaller branches that
acted as railings gave it an organic feel. In addition to the branches,
there were also little birds and small animals which occasionally
showed themselves, adding to the illusion that this was «inside of the
game».

Fearing that monsters would appear, Asuna cautiously moved
forward. After a few minutes of walking, a huge wall, the main trunk of
the World Tree, came into view on the other side of a curtain of leaves.
A black, gaping hole appeared where branch and trunk met, leading
into the interior of the World Tree. Unconsiously dampening her
footsteps, Asuna warily approached the hole.
When she arrived in front of the oval hole which mimicked a
natural tree knot, she saw an unmistakably artificial rectangular door.
The only difference was that this door had no handle but beside it was
a touch panel. Praying with all her heart that it wasn’t locked, Asuna
touched it with her fingertips.

Soundlessly, the door slid open to the right. After checking for
signs of life, she hurried in.

The pathway she found inside was off-white and led straight into
the depths of the tree. Dim light reflected off of the inorganic walls
from orange lights periodically set in the ceiling. Unlike the corridors
of trees that showed a stunning beauty outside, here it seemed like
nobody had taken the trouble to place objects, leaving it completely
undecorated.

74

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

It was as if someone had suddenly switched the game world with
an office or library. From the white floors, cold air flowed over her bare
feet, sending a chill through her entire body. It was as though she was
being forced to realize she was infiltrating enemy headquarters. Asuna
bit her lips and continued.

Unlike Kayaba Akihiko, Sugou Nobuyuki had a different sort of
insanity.

Sugou, who was an employee of RECTO, used his position to
orchestrate the imprisonment of 300 players from SAO and started
dangerous human experiments with their brains. He was not just crazy
but almost greed personified. No matter how much he already had, his
bottomless hunger made him move to get more. Asuna who grew up
near him understood this point about him better than anyone.

Right now Sugou had control over a portion of Asuna and found it
very pleasurable to know he would have it all before long. If he knew
that Asuna had escaped from the cage, his rage would have no limits.
He would visit every possible humiliation upon her before using her as
a subject in his experiments. Just thinking about that made Asuna’s
knees start to wobble.
But if she turned back now, if she returned to the cage, she would
have surrendered to Sugou. If it was Kirito he would never give up,
even if he didn’t have a sword.
Asuna straightened her back, and looked at the passage.
Somehow, she managed to take a step with feet that seemed to be
made of lead. Once she took that first step, she didn’t stop again.

The passage seemed to be endless. The wall panels at top, bottom,
left, or right had no seams or marks. It became increasingly difficult to
tell if she was moving at all. Following the occasional orange light from

75

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

the ceiling, Asuna single-mindedly continued forward. When she finally
saw another door in front, she involuntarily sighed in relief.

This door was identical to the door from before. Again, she
carefully touched the panel with her fingertips. The door slid open
soundlessly.

Behind it was the same passage, this time it continued left and
right. Feeling depressed, Asuna walked past the door. The surprising
thing was, after a few seconds the door automatically closed, but it had
melted into the wall, blending seamlessly. Asuna frantically touched
the door here and there, but it didn’t re-open.

Asuna’s shoulders slumped and she decided to forget about the
door. She had no plans to go back anyway. She lifted her head and
looked to her right and left.

What had been a straight path now seemed to curve in a gentle
arc. Thinking for a second, she started walking to the right. With faint
footsteps, she earnestly continued forward. She started doubting
herself ‘Have I been walking in circles all this time’. While Asuna was
thinking that - something other than a wall finally appeared.

On the inside light-grey wall of the curve, there was something
like a poster. After rushing over to it, it turned out to be a guide map.
Asuna stared at the map, trying to imprint it in her memory.

At the top of the rectangular map «Complete Laboratory Map:
Floor C» was written in a nondescript font. Under that was a simple
illustration. There were three circular floors, and she was currently in
an outer passage of the top one.
There was only the round passage on this floor. The straight
passage that led to the bird cage was not displayed. However, on the

76

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

lower floors, A and B there were various rooms labeled on the inner
area, like «Data Reading Room», «Main Monitor Room», «Sleep Room»
and others.

Movement between floors seemed to be performed by an elevator
shown at the top of this floor’s circular passage. One vertical line
connected all three floors and continued a long way to connect to
something down below.
Following the elevator line, at the bottom is a large rectangular
room. A chill ran down her back when she read the label next to that
room: «Experimental Body Storage Facility».
“Experimental Body...”

Those words left a bitter aftertaste in Asuna’s mouth.

It seemed certain that this was Sugou’s illegal research facility.
Indeed, if all of the testing was done in the virtual world, then it would
have been easy to hide. If it looked like they would be exposed, with a
touch of a fingertip, all evidence would disappear, leaving not a single
piece of paper.

If the purpose of the circular facilities and that room were
considered, one phrase would give it away, «Experimental Body». This
is where Sugou was keeping the players he had abducted from SAO.
Their consciousness was kept locked up in the storage facility shown
on the guide.

Asuna thought about it for a moment then turned and continued
walking down the curved passage. After walking for a few minutes at a
brisk pace, a slide door with no decoration appeared on the left hand
side of the passage. Next to the door a small inverted triangle stuck out
from the wall.

77

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

Asuna took a deep breath and pushed the button with her finger.
The door slid open immediately, opening into a small rectangular room.
Asuna went inside, turned around and saw a control panel, very similar
to those in reality.

After a moment of hesitation, Asuna picked and pushed the
bottom button of the four lined up. The door closed and surprisingly
her body was wrapped in a sense of falling. The box that Asuna rode
descended silently down the inside of the virtual tree, stopping with a
virtual sense of slowdown after a few seconds. A vertical slit appeared,
where moments before was a solid white door, and the door opened
with the sides sliding to the left and right.
Asuna stepped out of the door with light footsteps.

What appeared before her eyes was the same bland passage as on
the floor above, going in a straight line. After making sure that there
were no signs of life, Asuna started walking.

Oberon had given Asuna only a thin, simple, one piece dress that
she didn’t approve of, but being barefoot in this situation was not a bad
thing. If she had been wearing shoes, sound effects would have
inevitably occurred. When in SAO, to make sure that monsters did not
notice her so she could do back attack or ambush, she often went
barefoot, accepting the drop in defense.

Other than actual combat, with Aincrad’s ruins region as a stage,
Kirito, Klein, Lisbeth and Asuna played a «Surprise Attack Game» many
times. For Asuna who usually had light equipment that didn’t make any
noise, she was constantly in the top ranks. But whenever she tried to
back attack Kirito it never worked, not even once, so once she tried to
sneak up on him without shoes on and just as she was about to hit him
on the head with a wooden sword, he took notice and dodged, after he

78

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

avoided her attack Kirito had grabbed her leg and started tickling her
non-stop. She started laughing so hard that she thought she would die.

Instead of the now uncertain real world, she wished she could
have gone back to that time - That idea could not help but start to form
in her mind with tears forming in her eyes. Asuna shook her head to
brush aside the sad feeling.
Kirito was waiting for her in the real world. The only place she
wanted to be was in Kirito’s arms. For that reason all she can do was
move forward.
The passage wasn’t that long. While walking, a plain door came
into view.

If it was locked, she would have to return to the previous floor to
look for the control system. While thinking that she arrived in front of
the door, contrary to her thoughts the door silently opened to the left
and right. Inside there was a strong light, she instinctively squinted her
eyes.
“...?!”

As soon as she looked into the room, Asuna gasped.
It was an incredibly vast space.

You could even say the pure white room was about the same size
as a huge event hall. The distance could not be felt due to how large it
was and there was a lack of detail. The ceiling shone a with a white
light, same as the white floor - which had many neatly arranged short
pillar-like things.
79

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

Making sure that nothing in sight was moving, Asuna stepped into
the room and carefully moved forward.

From Asuna’s view, those pillar-like objects were arranged in
rows of 18 pillars. If that space was square, there would be
approximately 300 of them. Fighting back her fear, Asuna moved
toward one of them.

Reaching up to Asuna’s chest they were wide enough around that
it would probably take both arms to reach around them. The surface of
it was smooth, though there were gaps in which something floated.
That, however you looked at it - was a human brain.

Although it was the correct size, the color wasn’t real. It is made
of a semi-transparent blue-violet material. The object was incredibly
detailed, instead of a holographic display, it looked like sapphire
sculpture.

Looking closely, she noticed that lights periodically appeared and
scattered throughout the model, as they disappear there was a pow of
colorful firework spread. It looked like a bundle of ultra-compact
fireworks.

Frowning, Asuna observed from the side, she noticed that the
light moving at a part of the network suddenly became stronger. The
ending spark that used to be yellow became red and flashed brighter,
then the sequence repeated. At the bottom of the brain-like object was
a transparent chart that recorded the peak activity. Watching the log
for the next minute, various numbers and symbols were displayed,
along with words like pain and terror.
...It’s suffering.

Asuna realized intuitively.

80

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

The brain was being tormented, by incredible pain, sorrow and
fear. The sparks were like screams coming from the brain. In front of
Asuna’s eyes surfaced the face belonging to the owner of the brain.
That face was distorted to the limit, mouth open in scream after
soundless scream.

Unable to bear her imagination, Asuna backed up a few steps. In
her head she saw the map above, «Experimental Body Storage Facility»,
and heard Oberon’s words «Techniques to Manipulate Emotions» in a
flashback. The scene before her finally put the pieces of the puzzle
together, and a certain picture appeared.

That meant the hundreds of brains here were not computergenerated virtual objects, but real-time monitoring of former SAO
players. When the game was completed these people should have been
freed, instead they were locked up by Sugou to be used in his devil’s
research into thought, emotion and memory.
“This... this is too horrible...”

Asuna covered her mouth with both hands while whispering deep
in her throat.

The research being done, along with human cloning experiments
was absolutely taboo, something humans should never touch. It was
not just absolutely criminal. It was like trampling on a person’s thought
and soul, the last dignity of that person was being destroyed.

Asuna turned painfully to the right. Two meters away there was
the same container, above it also floated a transparent blue brain. It
had the exact same attention to detail, but the lights flickering in
«somebody»‘s brain were much slower. The color running through it
was a yellow shading to red, and it looked almost like a cloudy liquid.

81

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

On the other side... and beyond that, were a seemingly infinite
number of brains, all dyed in different colors, and all probably crying in
despair.
Suppressing her panic, Asuna wiped away tears forming in the
corners of her eyes.

It was not allowed. No, I would never forgive him. She and Kirito
had bet their lives in battle, and the results were being used by Sugou
for his experiments, that point could never be forgiven. His evil deeds
would be exposed, there was no punishment good enough for that man.
“Wait for me... I will save you soon...”

After saying that, Asuna gently touched the container holding the
tortured brain. Then she lifted her head, and walking between the
pillars headed toward the back of the room.

After walking past ten columns, she suddenly heard a human
voice. Asuna quickly flattened herself behind the nearest container.
Carefully glancing around, she searched for the source of the voice. The
voice seemed to coming from far to her right. Almost crawling, she
advanced in the direction of the sound.

After reaching the back of one of the columns, she saw something
strange ahead.
“...!?”

Panicking, she pulled back in a hurry. After blinking a few times
she fearfully looked once again.

The now gone 61st floor of Aincrad, was also known as «Insect
Land». As its name suggested, it was a floor full of bug monsters. For
the majority of women, including Asuna that place was the equivalent

82

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

to hell. One of the worst was a giant slug monster called «Blue Slug».
With slimy grey skin and black spots, they had three pairs of large and
small eyestalks, and tentacles protruding from their mouth for attack,
they were truly a nightmare—
Now, a few meters away from Asuna, there were two creatures
with their backs turned to her who were deep in conversation. Those
creatures were infinitely close to the Blue Slugs.

Those huge slug-like monsters seemed to be exchanging ideas
while watching a single brain. The slug on the right shook its eyes and
spoke in a squeaky voice.

“Oh, this guy is dreaming about Spica-chan again. B13 and B14
fields are off the charts. B16 is high too... he is really excited.”

The slug to the left answered while using a tentacle to poke at the
holo-window near the brain.
“Isn’t it a coincidence? This is still the third experiment, right?”

“Well, this formation is the result of an induced-emotion circuit. I
inserted the Spica-chan image into his memory, this display exceeds
the threshold frequency.”
“Ok, we will continue monitoring the sample...”

Disgusted at the two slugs’ annoying high-pitched voices, she
withdrew behind the pillar again.
They are Sugou’s subordinates, engaged in this inhuman
experiment though it is uncertain why they have that appearance.
From their words, she could feel they had no moral hesitation.

83

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

Asuna clenched her right hand tightly. If she had a sword in her
hand right then... she would definitely give them the death appropriate
to their appearance.

Quelling the impulse to do what her anger demanded, Asuna
slowly backed away and after getting a certain distance from the slugs,
continued toward the depths of the room.

Carefully moving ahead at full speed she continued to walk past
columns of cylinders and finally arrived at the deepest parts of the
room. At the end of the room— in front of the white walls, Asuna found
a floating black cube.
This made Asuna think of the time when she was at Aincard’s
underground maze’s control system. If she could access it with
administrator privileges, it would be possible to log out of this crazy
world.

But from that point on, there was not a single place to hide. Asuna
took a deep breath, and jumped out from behind the cylinder with grim
determination.

Running toward the console as silently as possible. The ten
meters seemed to be incredibly far away.

Every step she took, she tasted the feeling of fear that someone
might shout to stop her coming from behind, but she continued moving
her legs, and at last, she arrived at the console. At that point she turned
around, and looked beyond the cylinders. With their antenne shaking,
the slugs still seemed to be in the middle of an argument.
Asuna turned again to the black console. The slant cut top was
dark and silent, on the right side there was a thin slit which remained

84

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

plugged with a silver key card. Praying to herself, Asuna reached out,
and grasping the card, slid it down.

A Poon sound effect rang out and Asuna ducked her head. To the
left of the card slot, a light blue window and holo-keyboard appeared.
There were many, close packed menus in the window. Asuna
crushed her inner anxiety, and carefully read the small English font.

At the bottom left was the button labeled [Transport], Asuna used
trembling fingers to push this button. With Bun sound, a new window
appeared. On it there was a map that displayed the entirely laboratory.
It seemed that it was possible to jump directly to anywhere in the
laboratory using that system.
But she had no use for that now. Desperately searching, Asuna
found a small button shinning on the right hand side labeled [Exit
Virtual Lab].
“This is it...!”

With a small cry, Asuna touched it. Above it another window
appeared. On the rectangular window there appear the words [Execute
log-off sequence?] followed by ‘OK’ and ‘CANCEL’ buttons.
God—

With her heart desperately praying, she moved her right hand to
push the button—

Suddenly, from behind her came a gray tentacle which grabbed
her right hand.
“...!!”

Asuna endured, throttling down a scream, as she tried to force
her finger closer to the button, but the tentacle held onto her like steel

85

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

wire and and didn’t even budge. She tried to use her left hand, but just
as she started to move it, a new tentacle twined around her arm. Asuna
hands were pulled into the air, the rest of her body following.

Asuna’s captors slowly turn her body around. As expected, it was
same two slugs from earlier.

Their 4 tennis ball sized eyes set with orange irises, moved to and
fro on their stalks. The expressionless eyes turned to inspect Asuna’s
body and face, then the left slug’s circular mouth moved oddly, a
rasping voice coming out.
“—Who are you? What are you doing in this place?”

Asuna fought back her fear, and pretending nothing was wrong
replied in a casual voice.

“Put me down now! I am a friend of Sugou. I came here to observe
and now I’m leaving.”
“Oh? I haven’t heard anything about that?”

The slug on the right, turned two of its eyes as if it was tilting its
head.
“You heard anything?”

“Not at all. ‘sides, ain’t it bad if outsiders see these?”

“Oh... wait...”

One of its eyestalks lengthened, the round eye getting a closer
look at Asuna’s face.

“...It’s you right. You’re the person Sugou-chan locked up at the
top of the World Tree...”
86

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

“Yes. I heard about that. How selfish, the boss keeping such a cute
girl to himself.”
“Arg...”

Asuna looked over her shoulder at the console and extended her
left leg to try to push the button. However, from the mouth of the slug
came another tentacle that entangled her foot. Asuna struggled to
reach the console, but her efforts amounted to nothing.

Because of going over the time limit, it returned to the initial
screen.
“Hey, hey, don’t try to act violent.”

The slug extended more tentacles, and wrapped up her entire
body. Enfolded mercilessly, the wire-like tentacles cut into the flesh of
her stomach and thighs.
“Ouch...! Stop... Let go of me, you monster!”

“Oh, how cruel. Especially when I’m still experimenting with
bathyesthesia mapping.”

“That’s right. Manipulating this body like this needed a lot of
training.”
Being warped in silk like sharp pain that only exist in the
illusional world, Asuna frowned and she desperately said:

“You two are scientists right...!? Participating in this... illegal,
inhumane research, do you not feel ashamed!?”

“Ah, I feel this is much more humane than when we experimented
with an animal’s exposed brain by using electrodes. These guys are
really just dreaming.”
87

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

“Yes, yes. Sometimes we even let them have good feeling dreams.
They should be thanking us!”
“...You are crazy...”

Asuna whispered, her body wrapped in a freezing chill. Those
people, their true forms were those unfeeling slugs.

Paying no attention to Asuna, the two slugs start consulting each
other.
“The boss is on a business trip, right? You go back to the real
world and ask for instructions.”

“Che, guess I have no choice. Yana, don’t enjoy yourself while I’m
gone.”
“I know, I know. Hurry and go.”

The slug removed some of the tentacles from Asuna’s body and
dexterously operated the console with one tentacle. After pushing the
buttons a few times, that huge body of his disappeared without a sound.
“...!!”

After seeing that, Asuna was driven by scorching frustration, she
shook her tied up body recklessly. Right there in front of her - was the
exit to the real world she had dreamed of. The exit opened a little, and
the bright light from the outside lit up the floor.
“Let me go!! Let me go!! Let me go back home!!”

Asuna cried almost crazily, but the tentacles showed no signs of
loosening.

88

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

“I can’t do that, the boss will kill me. More importantly, aren’t you
bored in this place with nothing? How about we play with some
electronic drugs? I was getting tired of those dolls anyway.”

face.

As he said those words, the cold, damp tentacles stroked Asuna’s

“S...Stop!! What do you...!?”

Asuna desperately resisted, but the slug immediately extended
new tentacles. Touching the skin of Asuna’s leg, the tentacles slowly
reached up into her dress.

Asuna endured this unpleasant feeling, and pretended to lose all
the strength in her body, and the ability to resist. The slug, taking
advantage of that, moved a tentacle toward her mouth. Just as it was
about to touch her lips Asuna raised her head and bit down -hard- on the tentacle.
“Ayhaa!! Ouchhhh!!”

Asuna ignored the screams of the slug and continued to bite down
without mercy.
“S, stop, ouch, I understand, I understand!!”

After confirming that the tentacles were removed from her
clothes, Asuna opened her mouth. The slug hurriedly retracted the
injured tentacle.
“Ouch, I forgot to cut off the pain absorption...”

The slug withdrew an eye stalk and complained, then a pillar of
light appeared beside him. The other slug appeared with some sound
effects.
89

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

“...? What are you doing?”

“Nothing. What did the boss say?”

“He was crazy furious, he wants us to immediately put her back in
the birdcage above the laboratory, change the door’s passcode, and
monitor her 24 hours of the day.”
“Che, when I had finally found something to play with...”

Extreme depression caused her sight to dim. A golden
opportunity had slipped through her fingers.

“At least we could walk her back instead of using the teleport
function. I would still like to feel her a little more.”
“You like it too.”

The slug once again wrapped its tentacles around Asuna’s body,
using its legless body to move toward the entrance of the room. At that
moment, when the two slugs were not looking, Asuna quickly stretched
out her right leg, and with her toes, pulled out the key card that was
still in the slot of the console.
The screen disappeared, but the slugs didn’t seem to notice it.
Bending her body like a shrimp, she moved the card from her toes to
her hand.
“Come on now, you mustn’t act violently.”

The slug once again lifted up Asuna’s body and aimed for the exit.
With a clank, the latticed door to the birdcage closed. The slug
used its tentacles to manipulate the number lock then waved it at
Asuna.

90

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 6

“So long. If you have the chance, come and play again.”
“I never want to see your face again.”

After saying that bluntly, Asuna walked to the other side of the
cage. The two slugs kept staring at her, but they finally turned around
and crawled over the branches.

After a while, the world was wrapped in the darkness of night.
Asuna stared at the blinking lights of the city far below, she whispered
to herself:

“I won’t lose, Kirito-kun. I will never give up. I’ll definitely get out
of here.”

She turned to look at the silver keycard in her hand. It was useless
without a console, but now it was her only hope.

Asuna walked over to the bed, and pretending to lie down, hid the
keycard under her pillow.
As she closed her eyes, fatigue fell over her and slowly wrapped
her in a veil of sleep.

91

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Chapter 7
Out in the garden, a thin layer of snow still covered the ground,
and the cold air wrapped around my body. Even so, the residual
drowsiness would not leave my mind.

I shook my head a few times and then headed to the washstand in
the corner of the garden. I twisted the antique silver faucet and placed
my hands in the cascading water.

I threw some ice-cold water onto my face, and my facial nerves
immediately winced with a numbing pain, and I marveled that the
water hadn’t frozen. Ignoring the pain, I splashed water on my face two
or three more times, then took a sip of water directly from the tap.

As I wiped my face with the towel hanging around my neck, the
sliding glass door into the porch opened and Suguha came down the
stairs wearing her jersey. Usually, she was very energetic in the
morning, but today was a rare day, she was only half-awake with her
head wobbling.
“Good morning, Sugu.”

Hearing the sound of my voice, Suguha unsteadily walked in front
of me, blinked, and said:
“Good morning, onii-chan.”

“You seem awfully sleepy. When did you go to bed yesterday?”

“Well, about four o’clock.”

92

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

More than a little surprised, I shook my head.

“This is not good at all, a child shouldn’t stay up so late. What
were you doing?”
“Well... I was on the net...”

The answer surprised me a little. If it was the old Suguha, I could
not imagine her staying up on the net so late. This girl... she has grown
up quite well in the past two years that I wasn’t here, I thought with a
pang of emotion.

“As long as it is in moderation - not that I’m someone with the
right to say that...”
My voice sounded vague as I said the last part, and suddenly I
remembered something that happened last night, and so I said:
“Hey Sugu, turn around.”
“....?”

Still only half-awake and tilting her head at my request, Suguha
turned half way around. I put my right hand under the faucet and
thoroughly wet my hand, then I pulled down the neck of her jersey and
let at least half a dozen drops of cryogenic temperature water drip
down her back.
“Piaaaaaa——!!”

Suguha jumped and let loose a scream that echoed grandly.

Suguha kept pouting during stretching and exercising, but I
promised to take her to a nearby family restaurant to eat an expensive
raspberry cream parfait, and she easily recovered her good humor.
93

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Today, since we had both overslept, by the time we had finished
training and took turns showering, it was already nine o’clock. Our
mother was, as usual, still sleeping deeply in her bedroom, so Suguha
and I made breakfast together.

As I washed some tomatoes and cut them into six equal parts, she
chopped up a head of lettuce, Suguha then looked at me and asked:
“Onii-chan, what are you planning to do today?”

“Well, I have a promise to keep a little after noon, but I think I’ll
go visit the hospital this morning.”
“I see...”

Since I became aware of Asuna’s situation, visiting the hospital
every other day had become my most important habit.

In the real world, I’m only 16 years old, and there was little I
could do for Asuna. No, one could say I couldn’t do anything at all. All I
could do was hold her hand and continue to pray.
The photos I received from Agil surfaced in my mind.

After finding a clue, I stepped into the imaginary world of Alfheim
and after two days, finally arrived near the location in the photo, even
if there was no evidence that it was Asuna. I might just be looking in
the totally wrong direction.
But in that world I will find something - that I’m positive.

Sugou wished for Asuna to sleep forever, and ALfheim Online is
administered by the company under that guy’s control. The character
data of «Kirito» existing in that world, and the presence of the SAO
mental care AI, «Yui»... I did not yet understand what kind of puzzle
those pieces would build.

94

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I intended to breakthrough the final challenge of that fairy land
and climb the «World Tree» today, as soon as the ALO server
maintenance was complete. Every time I thought about it, my back
trembled in anticipation. It didn’t seem like I would be able to quietly
endure waiting for the maintenance to end just sitting in my room,
asking myself if I was following the correct path or not.
That’s why, before that I would like to see the real Asuna again
and feel her warmth. Sugou may have told me to not go back and see
her, but he basically can’t do anything about me visiting anyway.

With the cut tomatoes, lettuce and watercress mixed in a bowl, I
sprinkled it with dressing and stirred. Beside me, Suguha, who had
been silent for a while, looked up and opened her mouth to ask:
“Say, onii-chan. Can I go with you to the hospital...?”

“Oh..?”

I’m a little bewildered. Thus far Suguha had never bothered to
learn about anything regarding SAO. I had told her about who Asuna is
before, but other than that I hadn’t told her my character name or
anything else.

Last night, overwhelmed after learning of Asuna’s marriage to
Sugou, I had burst into tears in front of Suguha. Although I still felt a
little awkward, I nodded with a calm expression.
“Oh.. sure. Asuna would be very happy about that.”

After hearing this, Suguha smiled and nodded. I don’t know why,
but it seemed that her smiling face also contained a hint of sadness as I
looked into her eyes. But Suguha turned around, took the bowl and
walked to the kitchen table.
95

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

After that she did not show any strange looks, and I soon forgot
about that awkward smile.
“Onii-chan, what are you going to do about school?”

Suguha inquired while sitting on the opposite side of the table
from me, noisily chewing the crisp, raw vegetables.

That was a reasonable question. I was fourteen and in the autumn
of my second-year of junior high school when I was trapped inside SAO.
Escaping after two years, I was now sixteen years old. I should have
been a second-year high school student as of April this year, but I
didn’t take the entrance exams. Even if I took the exams now, the
majority of my memory had been devoted to the enormous amount of
SAO-related data. To forget the price of items and the attack patterns of
monsters, then memorize History and English would take a long time.

On this point, a man in a suit and tie with glasses from the
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications came and spoke to me.
My mind had been preoccupied with thoughts of Asuna, and did not
pay much attention, but despite that I somehow recalled what he said.
“There seems to be... plans to take a school building that had been
abandoned due to unification and reorganization, then transform it
into a temporary school, specializing in teaching the middle and high
school students that returned from SAO. Everyone is accepted without
an entrance examination and will be eligible to take the entrance
examinations for university when we graduate.”
“Oh, I see. That is good to hear... I guess ...”

Suguha smiled, but then she frowned, and in a low voice said:
“...It feels like that is, too much wholesale support...”

96

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“Oh, your intuition is good.”

I grinned at the words of my younger sister.

“I think the government’s goal is just that. After all we have spent
the past two years in a brutal game of death. The bureaucrats are
probably worried about how our mental health has been affected. So
they are throwing us all together, that way they can manage us all in
one place, giving them some peace of mind.”
“How could....”

Suguha’s face distorted in irritation, so I hastily added:

“However, despite the management, I have to thank them for the
safety net. Even if I want to take the entrance examination for a normal
high school, I’d have to cram for a year. Of course, it is not compulsory
for us to go to this temporary school, we can select to study for exams
ourselves if we want to.”
“You could do just that, Onii-chan’s marks are good.”

“That should be past tense, I haven’t studied for two years.”
“Then I’ll tutor you!”

“Oh, then can I ask you for help with mathematics and
information processing?”
“Ugh....”

Grinning at Suguha, who seemed to be at a loss for words, I
stuffed a piece of buttered toast into my mouth.

Actually, I was in no state of mind to be thinking about school at
the moment. There was still Asuna’s situation to consider, at the same
time I had no real feeling about being a student.

97

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

In the two months since I returned to the real world, I’ve felt
uneasy without the two beloved swords on my back. I understood that
this was the real world, there are no monsters which want to attack me
and take my life, but I still felt uneasy. The essence of me, the
«Swordsman Kirito», going to school and attending classes as «Kirigaya
Kazuto», which still feels like something of a illusory existence.
That was, in my heart Sword Art Online hadn’t really ended yet.
Until Asuna had returned to this world, I couldn’t put down my sword.
After I returned her to this world - then everything could start.

Paying for the tickets using my cell phone, Suguha and I took the
bus today. In the past I had always ridden my bike to the hospital, but I
decided to take a little break from stamina training today.
Looking up at the hospital, Suguha’s eyes widened and she
blinked in surprise.
“Uwaa, it’s a big hospital.”

“The inside is amazing too, it’s equal to a hotel.”

Waving to the guard, Suguha and I went through the front gate.
After walking a few minutes on the path that was surprisingly long by
foot, we stepped into the huge, dark brown building. As Suguha
seemed to have heaven-sent good health, visiting a hospital at all was
rare for her, so she looked around everywhere. I had to pull her by the
collar to get to the reception desk so I could ask for some passes.
Riding the elevator to the top, we came out into a corridor with very
few visitors.
“Here....?”

“Yes.”

98

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I nodded my head, inserting the pass card into the slot on the
door. Looking at the metal plate next to the door, Suguha muttered:

“Yuuki... Asuna-san... her character name is her real name. You
rarely see that kind of person.”

“Oh, you know a lot. As far as I know, Asuna is the only person
who used her real name...”

While we spoke, I slid the card into the slot. The orange LED light
turned blue, and with a discrete sound the door opened.

A strong scented aroma drifted out from the flowers inside.
Holding even the sound of my breathing, I stepped into the sleeping
princess’ peaceful bedroom. Suguha stuck to me as we walked in, and I
could feel her tension.
Reaching for the white curtain, I, as usual, uttered a short prayer.
Then gently pulled it open.

***

Forgetting to breathe, Suguha looked at the girl asleep on the
large bed.

At first, she thought the girl was not a human, but a fairy - the
legendary ALF living at the top of the World Tree. The girl had such an
otherworldly atmosphere.

Kazuto stood quietly for a time, then finally breathed out a low
sigh and said:
“I shall introduce you. She is Asuna... the sub-leader of the
«Knights of the Blood», Asuna the «Flash», whose sword speed and
accuracy were even greater than mine...”

99

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

After a little break in his speech, Kirito lowered his eye to the girl
and said:
“Asuna, this is my sister, Suguha.”

Suguha walked forward a bit, then nervously said:
“...It is nice to meet you, Asuna-san.”

Of course, the sleeping girl did not answer.

Suguha moved her eyes to the dark blue headgear on her head.
After seeing it nearly everyday, she had come to hate the «Nerve Gear».
Only the three green lights indicated the continued existence of the girl,
Asuna’s consciousness.

While Onii-chan was trapped in that game for two years, she had
felt immense pain, and Kazuto was feeling the same right then.
Suguha’s heart trembled like a tree leaf on the surface of the water as
she thought that.

This beautiful, fairy-like girl’s soul, was locked up in an unknown
world somewhere. It was too cruel. We should return her as fast as
possible to the real world, back to Kazuto’s side, and he would finally
be able to regain his sincere smile, she thought.

But at the same time, standing next to Kazuto; his face, silently
staring at the girl, was something she didn’t want to see, so she silently
looked down. Just a little bit, she regretted coming to this place.
When she had offered to accompany Kazuto, she thought she
would be able to properly confirm her feelings today.

Since the time her mother, Midori, told her the truth, she wanted
to put straight those two years of regret and longing-filled days. Was it
the affection for Kazuto as an older brother or would it be falling in

100

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

love with him as a cousin? She had been asking herself what she could
expect from Kazuto.

Always wanting to be together - like the good relationship
between siblings. Was it really only that? Training and eating together,
was there anything else she wanted beyond that, or should she say
there was nothing in her heart and stop there?
Since he came back two months ago, that was a question that she
have been asking herself time and again.

She thought the answer would appear if she encountered the
«girlfriend» occupying his heart.

Now, standing in silence in the golden room, she noticed her heart
was afraid. It was scary to find out the answer.
Not looking at Kazuto’s face, she opened her mouth wanting to
say : ‘I will go out to the hall so I won’t disturb you’ but Kazuto
suddenly started walking and her timing was lost. He went around the
bed and sat down in a chair at the other side. Naturally, he came into
her field of view.
Kazuto took Asuna’s small hand which peeked out from under
white sheets in both of his hands, and silently gazed at the face of the
sleeping girl. And as soon as Suguha saw his face “Ugh...”

A scathing pain pierced deep into her chest.

What kind of eyes were those, she thought. They were the eyes of
a traveler that sought his eternally fated partner... No matter how long
it took, in this life or the next, no matter how many times he was
reincarnated. Eyes filled with such a gentle, calm light, containing

101

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

102

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

within them a crazed feeling of love. Even their color seemed different
than usual.

At that moment, Suguha knew what her heart truly wanted, and
at the same time, she understood that she would never be able to reach
it.
She didn’t remember what she talked to Kazuto about on the way
home.
When she came back to awareness, she was lying down on her
bed, looking at the sky-blue poster on the ceiling.

The cell phone on her headboard made a sound. Instead of a
ringtone, it was the alarm she had set before going to sleep last night.
The time after the regular server maintenance was complete, 3:00 pm,
and the gate to that other world opened once again.

She did not want to shed any tears in the real world. If she cried,
conversely it would mean she couldn’t give up, she thought.

She would let herself cry a little bit in fairyland. Then, as the
cheerful Lyfa, she would quickly regain her laugh.

Suguha shut off her alarm and picked up the Amusphere next to it.
She placed it on her head, laid down on her bed, closed her eyes, and
let her soul fly.
The Sylph girl awoke in an inn at the outer edge of Alfheim’s
capital city «Aarun».

Last night - the early hours of today, to be exact, Lyfa had barely
succeeded in escaping from the underground world, Jötunheimr.

103

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Carved into the roots of the World tree was a very long set of stairs.
Climbing up those stairs, they had finally reached the long-awaited
streets of Aarun. A few seconds after emerging from those stairs, the
big hole behind them had closed and you couldn’t even tell that it
existed, and it wouldn’t be opened again from this side.

After that, they checked into the first inn they found, and, rubbing
her eyes, Lyfa fell asleep the second she rolled into bed. Though they
could only afford one room.
Lyfa got up and sat on the edge of the bed. The noise of the city,
the smell of the air, even the color of her skin had changed, the only
thing that didn’t change was the pain piercing her heart. As if changing
form, the pain gathered at the corner of her eyes and dripped out as
tears.

A few dozen seconds later, the shadow of a new person appeared
along with cool sound effects. Lyfa slowly raised her head.
The boy wearing only black watched Lyfa with wide eyes, but
immediately spoke in a soft voice.
“What’s wrong... Lyfa?”

He seemed so much like Kazuto, with a gentle smile like a night
breeze. Seeing his face, a trickle of tears fell down Lyfa’s face and
became grains of light, dancing through the air. Lyfa managed to
squeeze out a smile and said:
“You know, Kirito-kun... I... I was rejected in love.”

Kirito’s dark eyes were looking straight at Lyfa. Fairly mature in
appearance, for an instant she was tempted to tell this mysterious boy
the entire story, but clenched her teeth and throttled down the impulse.
104

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“S... sorry, saying strange things to a person I just met. It’s against
the rules right, bringing problems here from the real world...”

Lyfa said quickly, trying to keep the shape of her smile. However,
the tears which streamed down her face wouldn’t stop at all.
Kirito gently extended his left arm, and placed his thin gloved
hand on her head. Twice, three times he moved his caring hand.

“- On the other side, or here, in the hard times, it is good to cry.
Just because this is a game, there is no rule forbidding you to express
your emotions.”

In this illusion world, there is always some clumsiness in moving
or speaking. However, Kirito’s soft, rhythmic voice and the movements
of the hand that patted her head were very smooth. That information
slowly wrapped around Lyfa’s sensory nerves without anything
hindering the flow.
“Kirito-kun...”

Whispering that, Lyfa lay her head on the chest of the youth
sitting beside her. As her steady tears fall to Kirito’s cloth, they
dissipated in a watery light.
‘- I love onii-chan.’

As if to confirm it, deep in her chest came a whisper. However, it
continued at once.

‘- This feeling must never pass my lips. It must be locked very
deep in my chest. So that someday it would be forgotten.’

Even if they were cousins, Kazuto and Suguha were raised as big
brother and sister. If she showed her emotions, Kazuto, father, and
105

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

mother would all be confused and troubled. More importantly, the only
one in Kazuto’s heart is that beautiful person...
I must forget it all.

Changing herself to Lyfa, laying her head on the chest of that
mysterious youth, someday she might be able to do it, she thought.
Staying like that for a very long time, Kirito continued to pat
Lyfa’s head without saying anything.

Hearing a bell sound coming from far outside the window, Lyfa
lifted her head and looked at Kirito’s face. This time she could make the
same everyday smile. Before she realized it, her tears had stopped.
“...I’m all right now. Thank you, Kirito-kun, you are very kind.”

Hearing this, Kirito scratched his head, looking really
embarrassed.

“A lot people said the opposite. - Do you want to log out for today?
I was thinking of doing something even by myself.”

“No, I have already came this far, so I’ll accompany you to the end.”

Lyfa jumped off the bed and stood up. Turned a half circle, she
faced Kirito and stretched out her right hand.
“- Let`s Go!”

With a smile beginning at the edge of his lips, Kirito nodded and
grasped Lyfa`s hand. Standing up, he suddenly started scanning the sky,
as though he had forgotten something.
“Yui, are you there?”

106

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Before that sentence was finished, light started to converge, and a
familiar small pixie’s figure appeared in the space between them.
Rubbing her eyes with her right hand, she stretched in a big yawn.
“Fuwaa~~ Good morning Papa, Lyfa-san.”

The pixie landed on Kirito`s shoulder. While looking at her face,
Lyfa returned the greeting and asked a question.
“Good morning, Yui-chan. - You know, I have been wondering
since yesterday... do navigation pixies actually need to sleep at night
too?”

“No way, I don’t do that. When papa is not here, the input signal is
cut off. So I take that opportunity to verify and organize the
accumulated data. You might say that it’s an act similar to human sleep.”
“But just now, you yawned...”

“Isn’t that what people do during their start-up sequence? As for
papa, the average is around eight seconds...”
“You don’t need to say such strange things.”

Kirito poked Yui on the forehead with his index finger, then
bringing up the navigation window, equipped the greatsword on his
back.
“Now, let’s go!”

“Yeah!”

Lyfa nodded, and hung her own katana at her waist.

The two headed out of the inn with the morning sun fully in the
sky. The NPC run shops, like the armor and item shops, were mostly
107

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

open, while night places like taverns, strange item shops and other
questionable industries had a ‘CLOSED’ sign in front.

In real world time, it was a bit after 3pm on a weekday afternoon.
After the regular weekly maintenance, the monsters and items reset
and respawn, so there were far more players than expected.
Although this morning she was sleepy so didn’t look around too
much, but now, looking at the large number of people out on the street
was a fresh surprise.

There was a Gnome with a squat, beefy body wrapped in metal
armor, carrying a huge battle axe on his back. A Puca with a little body,
only standing as tall as her waist, holding a silver harp. An Imp with
dark lilac skin, wearing leather armor, while walking and happily
chatting with characters of various races. On a stone bench nearby, a
blue-haired young man of the Undine race and a red-headed young
woman of the Salamander race were looking at each other intimately,
while a Cait Sith passed by with a huge wolf by his side.

Instead of the totally green cityscape of Sylvain, this was
extremely bright and colorful scenery, full of vitality which set the
heart ablaze. Lyfa somehow forgot the constant pain deep in her heart
and had a smile floating on her face.

Even a Spriggan-Sylph couple would fit in here - thinking of that
Lyfa hurried to dispel the idea. Turning her attention toward the street
again “Wow...”

But, suddenly there was an incredible view.

Aarun was the central city of Alfheim, and from its center rose a
super huge conical structure. Looking at Aarun like a panorama, it had

108

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

the shape of many concentric rings, and they were still considerably far
from the center.
Standing tall on the surface of Aarun’s streets were some
structures that were not made with light gray stone. Instead, many
huge moss-green cylinders wound upward. The diameter of one of
those was equal to a two-story building.

The cylindrical objects Aarun was built around are actually tree
roots. From Jötunheimr deep below, they run through the thick ground,
winding and twisting up, becoming bigger and gathering at the top of
Aarun. In other words, it could be said that Aarun mirrored the gigantic
icicle below in Jötunheimr.
Lyfa looked farther up. At that moment she felt excitement
running down her back.

Starting from the roots, words could not describe how massive
the trunk was, it rose straight into the sky. Covered by moss and other
plants, a glossy golden green trunk, which as it rose into the sky
blended and faded into light blue. Around the trunk, laid a white haze
which surrounded it before long. It was not fog, but clouds. They were
marking the flight boundary, but the trunk continued higher and
higher.

Just below the point where the trunk faded into the sky, you could
somehow grasp that branches radiate outward. Thin and broad leaves
covered the outer layer to where Lyfa was at as they blocked the sky.
From its excessive size, the top of the world tree might have actually
extended past the atmosphere of Alfheim to space - if that existed - and
beyond.
“That is... the World Tree...”

109

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Kirito whispered in an awestruck voice.
“Yes... Incredible....”

“Isn’t there a city in the tree, there...”

“The fairy king Oberon and light fairy ALF lives there, and the first
player race to have an audience with the king will become an ALF...
That has been said.”
“...”

Kirito looked at the giant tree in silence, then with a serious
expression asked:
“That tree, can you climb up from the outside?”

“The area around the trunk is a restricted area, so climbing it is
not possible. Even flight is impossible, you would hit the flight limit
before you reached the top.”

“I heard that people who piggybacked were able to exceed that
limit...”
“Oh, that story.”

Lyfa laughed and continued:

“They got close to the lowest branch. The GMs were in a panic,
and it was soon fixed. Now, a little bit above those clouds, there is a
wall.”
“...I see... Anyway, let’s go to the base of the tree.”

“Yes. Understood.”

With a light nod the two began to walk down the main street.
110

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

After a few minutes of weaving back and forth through the mixed
groups of players, they came to a grand stone stairway leading up to a
large gate. Through the gate lies the central city of Aarun, which lies in
the center of the world. Soaring into the sky, the World Tree could only
be seen as a wall in all directions.
While faced with that atmosphere, they began to climb the stairs.
They were going to pass the gate when -

Yui suddenly pushed her face out of Kirito’s breast pocket, and
with an unusually serious face looked at the sky.
“Oh, hey... what’s wrong?”

Kirito whispered to avoid notice by the people surrounding them.
Lyfa also looked at the pixie’s face. However, Yui remained silent with
her eyes wide open looking at the top of the world tree. After a few
seconds, her voice finally leaked through tight lips.
“Mama... Mama is there.”

“Wha...”

Kirito’s expression instantly stiffened.
“Really!?”

“There is no doubt! This Player ID is Mama’s... the coordinates are
straight above!”

Kirito, who heard those words, looked into the sky with burning
eyes. His face became white and he clenched his teeth so hard you
could even hear them grinding—

Suddenly, he expanded his wings. Flexing his dark gray wings,
which suddenly glowed incandescent, Bang!! With that explosive wind
sound, he disappeared from the ground.

111

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“Wa... Wait, Kirito-kun!!”

Lyfa hurriedly cried, but the boy in black continued to soar at
tremendous speed. Unsure what was going on, Lyfa spread her wings
and kicked off the ground.

Straight up zoom, the same as straight down dive, are skills Lyfa
excelled at, but she could not catch up to Kirito as he flew like a booster
rocket, the black figure shrinking to a point as she watched.

Passing between the countless spires rising from Aarun, it took a
few seconds to escape the city. From tower terraces, some players
looked to see what was happening, Kirito just flew past their noses and
kept heading straight up.
The buildings were finally lost to sight, replaced by the goldengreen precipice of the World Tree’s trunk. Flying parallel to the trunk,
Kirito was like a black bullet zooming through the sky. As Kirito
steadily approached the clouds, Lyfa followed and desperately cried
out while enduring the wind pressure.
“Be careful, Kirito-kun!! The barrier is right in front of you!!”

But Lyfa’s voice did not reach his ears. He was like an arrow
connecting the heavens and earth, moving with enough speed to punch
a hole in the virtual world.

What made him go so far? Who is this person at the top of the
World Tree that is so important to him?

Yui called that person «Mama». A woman - ? A person that can
make Kirito search like this - ?

As she thought that, a familiar ache started in Lyfa’s heart. It felt
like the pain Kazuto had caused her, but it was a false pain.

112

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Concentration disrupted by confusion, her zoom speed dropped.
Shaking off the idle thoughts, Lyfa focused her concentration on her
wings.

A few seconds after Kirito, Lyfa also broke into the sea of clouds.
Her vision was stained with an intense white. She had heard of it
before, just beyond the clouds was a restricted area where entry is
forbidden. Lyfa slowed down a bit as she passed through the clouds.

Without any warning, a dark blue world spread out before her.
Different from the view from the ground, the totally clear azure blue
sky spread endlessly in all directions. Overhead, the World Tree and its
branches gave the impression of a pillar supporting the heavens. Kirito
was accelerating further as he aimed for one of the branches Suddenly, iridescent rainbow light surrounded his body.

After a few seconds, the air shook with an impact similar to the
sound of a lightning bolt. Kirito had crashed into the invisible barrier,
and like a black swan hit by a sniper rifle he bounced away and feebly
drifted through the air.
“Kirito-kun!!”

Lyfa screamed, hurrying to get over to him. If you fell from this
height, your HP would disappear, and the effects could even be
dragged into the real world after logout.

But before she could catch Kirito, he seemed to regain
consciousness. He shook his head two or three times, once again rising.
Immediately, he was blocked by the barrier, scattering light in his
attempt.

Finally, Lyfa flew to the same height as Kirito and grabbed his arm,
crying desperately:
113

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“Stop, Kirito-kun!! It’s impossible to go beyond there!!”

But, Kirito’s eyes shining with bewitched light, he kept trying to
go forward.
“I’ve got to go.... I’ve got to go no matter what!!”

He focused only on the point where the branch of the World Tree
split the sky. Despite being much clearer then it was from the ground,
the branch still seemed to be a good distance away, judging by its low
detail.

At that time, Yui flew out of his breast pocket. Emitting brilliant
particles of light, she flew toward the branch.

That’s right, a system navigation pixie might... Lyfa suddenly
thought, but the invisible barrier didn’t allow Yui’s small body to pass.
Like waves on the surface of water, seven-colored lights pushed Yui
back.
But, Yui looking unlike a program, desperately shoved her hands
into the barrier, then opened her mouth.

“The warning mode voice might be able to get through...! Mama!
It’s me!! Mama!!”
“...!!”

***

Suddenly, hearing a faint cry, Asuna lifted her face which she was
resting on the table.
Hurriedly looking around the room, there was no one else in the
golden cage. Not even the small azure bird that sometimes came to
play. Only shadows cast by the sun on the cage lattice.

114

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Dismissing it as imagination, as she put her hands back on the
table.
“...Mama...!!”

This time she definitely heard it. Asuna kicked the chair away and
stood up.

It was a little girl’s voice. That thin voice like a silver bell
resonated strongly with a far-off memory.
“Yu... Yui-chan, is it you...!?”

Asuna said in a faint voice, rushing to the walls of her cage.
Gripping the metal bars with both hands, she looked around frantically.
“Mama... I’m here...!!”

The voice seemed to sound directly in Asuna’s mind, giving no
indication of direction. But she still felt it. It was from below, no matter
how much she looked, the white sea of clouds surrounding the huge
tree blocked her vision, the sound was no doubt coming from below.
“I’m... I’m here...!!”

Asuna cried as loud as she could.

“I`m here...!! Yui-chan...!!”

If Yui, the «daughter» she had met in the other world was here,
then surely «he» was also here.
“...Kirito-kun —!!”

She didn’t know if her voice could reach him. Asuna looked
around the bird cage. There must be something she could use to make
him aware of her existence other then her voice -.
115

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

An object, but everything in this room was locked in place by its
positional information, none of them could be moved out of the cage,
she’d found out. Long ago, she had tried to use a teacup and a cushion
to send a message to players below, but it didn’t work. Asuna anxiously
held the golden cage grid.
No -

There was. Only one thing. An object that did not previously exist
in this location. An irregular object.

Asuna ran to the bed, and pulled it from underneath the pillow. It
was a small silver key card. She returned to the lattice. She held out her
right hand with the card fearfully. If it was like before, she would be
thwarted by a barrier.
“...!!”

Her right hand reached outside of the cage with no resistance.
The clear silver card shining brightly with reflected sunlight.
‘... Kirito-kun... please notice this!!’

While praying, Asuna did not hesitate to open her hand. The card
quietly danced through the air, falling straight down toward the sea of
clouds below and flashing in the light.

***

Torn with impatience, I felt as though my body would be torn into
a thousand pieces, and struck the barrier with my right hand. My fist
was flipped by a repulsive force that resembled strong magnets with
the same poles touching, and iridescent ripples spread through the air.
“What is it... this thing...!”

116

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I managed to stammer through clenched teeth.

Finally - I came so far. The prison that held Asuna’s soul was just
right there. Nevertheless, the program code within the «game system»
was blocking my path.

A tremendous self-destructive impulse flowed through my whole
body, scattering white-hot sparks.

Logging into ALfheim Online for two days, I had come here in
accordance with the rules of the game, pushing back my impatience,
but the irritation that continually accumulated in the depths of my
heart exploded out all at once. Baring my dog-like fangs, I grasped the
hilt of my sword in my right hand.
- At the moment.

Beyond the white flame in my vision, a small white light shone.
“...That is...?”

I forgot my rage in an instant and stared at that light. Something
that shone brightly was slowly falling toward me. Like snow in the
midsummer sky, like dandelion fluff on long journey, it fell toward me.

While hovering, I released the hilt of my sword, and held out my
hands toward the light. After a few very long seconds, the white light
slowly settled into my hands. With the feeling of nostalgic warmth, I
slowly opened my hands in front of my chest.

Yui looked from my left and Lyfa from my right. I silently stared at
what was in my hands.
“...A card...?”

117

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Lyfa muttered. It certainly was a small rectangular card-type
object. It had a transparent silver surface with no text or decoration.
Turning to look at Lyfa, I said:
“Lyfa, do you know what this is...?”

“No... I’ve never seen an item like this. Why not try clicking on it?”

Following Lyfa’s suggestion, I did a single-click on a the surface of
the card with my finger-tip. A simple click on the game item should
have caused a pop-up window to appear, but nothing was displayed.

Yui leaned forward and touched the edge of the card, before
exclaiming:
“This... this is the access code for system management!!”

“!?...”

I held my breath, staring at the card in my hand.

“...So, if I have this, I can exercise GM authority?”

“No... You can access the system, but you must do it from the
corresponding console... Even I can’t call out the system menu...”

“I see... but such a thing wouldn’t fall down without reason. This is
probably....”
“Yes. I think mama noticed us and dropped it to us.”

“...”

I clasped the card gently. Not long ago, Asuna was holding it. I
thought I could vaguely understand her intentions.

Asuna was also fighting. To escape this world, she was resisting
strongly. I too have something I must do.

118

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I stared at Lyfa and said:

“Lyfa, tell me. Where is the gate that leads into the World Tree?”
“Eh... it is in the dome at the foot of the tree...”
Lyfa said with a worried frown.

“But, it is impossible. It is protected by an army of guardians, thus
far no matter how big the group, they couldn’t get past it.”
“Even so, I have to go.”

I put the card in my breast pocket and took Lyfa’s hand.

Thinking about it, this Sylph girl had helped me a lot. When I
didn’t know left from right in this world, with a rush of feeling, I came
all the way here, it was thanks to her knowledge and her cheerful smile
that encouraged me all the way. Someday, I’ll properly explain the
situation and thank her in the real world... While thinking that I opened
my mouth.
“Thank you very much thus far, Lyfa. From here, I’ll go by myself.”

“...Kirito-kun...”

With Lyfa’s face that seemed about to cry, I grasped her hands
tightly before letting go. Yui went to sit on my shoulder as I retreated a
bit further.

Finally, looking at the girl one last time, her ponytail swaying with
her flight, I bowed deeply. Then turned my back on her.
Closing my wings, I rode the momentum gained with the
acceleration of a fall as I sped right toward the base of the World Tree.

After diving dizzily for tens of seconds, the bottom of the World
Tree and the intricate city surrounding it, Aarun, appeared. Between

119

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

the roots and the city laid a shockingly large veranda, and I start
breaking in preparation for landing.

I opened my wings fully for breaking while aiming for the landing
point. I stuck my legs out below me, and tried to stop as my feet hit the
pavement, even with the breaking, a loud boom echoed from the sonic
boom accompanying me. Several players on the terrace for viewing the
surroundings turned their faces toward me with a surprised look on
their faces.
Waiting until they turned away, I spoke to Yui, still sitting on my
shoulder, in an undertone.
“Yui, do you know the way to Dome?”

“Yes, it is straight up those steps. But - is it ok, papa? According to
the available information, breaking through the gate is very difficult.”
die.”

“We’ll just have to try forcing it. Even if I fail, it doesn’t mean I will
“That is, true, but...”

I reached out and gently stroked Yui’s head.

“Anyway, it feels as though I might go mad if I waste even one
more second. Even Yui wants to see mama as soon as possible right.”
“...Yes.”

Yui nodded, and nuzzled my cheek as I started walking up the
steps.

Nearing the top of the steps, we already seemed to be at the top of
Aarun city. The huge cone shaped roots gathered in front of us at that
one place on the trunk. The diameter was too big, all that could be seen
from there was a simple curved wall.

120

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Near that wall, two fairy knight statues rose standing nearly ten
times the height of a player. Between the statues was a splendidly
decorated stone gate. That was the starting point of the grand quest,
and no other players could be seen anywhere. Perhaps, the story about
it being «impossible to breakthrough» had already became common
knowledge.

But I had to go through the door, breaking through the guardians
and reaching the gate.
‘- Wait for me, Asuna. I’m coming right now...’

It was a promise I engraved on my heart.

Continuing a few dozen meters further, I stood in front of the gate
when the right statue moved and a low tone resounded. It looked
around unexpectedly for a bit, then with a pale light shining from its
eyes, it looked down at me and opened its mouth. A ponderous voice
resounded, it was like a rolling boulder.

“You who don’t know the heights of heaven, wish to reach the
king’s castle?” At the same time, in front of me, a window appeared,
asking me if I want to accept the final challenge. To ascertain my will
two buttons appeared: [YES] and [NO]. With no hesitation, I pressed
the [YES] button.
This time, the huge stone statue on the left issued a loud voice.

“You shall receive unlimited use of your wings from here onward.”

Before the thunderous reverb disappeared, the door split apart
from the center. As the earth trembled, the doors opened inward to the
left and right.

121

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

That roar, inevitably reminded me of fighting the floor boss
monsters in Aincrad. Forgetting to breathe at the resurrected tension, a
cold shiver ran down my spine.

Here, dying doesn’t mean real death, I said to myself, then had to
shake off the thought. This is a struggle for Asuna`s freedom, in some
ways, it is more important than any battle I had ever been in.
“We’re going, Yui. Make sure to hide well.”
“Papa... Do your best.”

I patted Yui on the head as she pulled back into my breast pocket,
then I drew my sword.

When the thick stone door was fully open, the roaring sound
stopped. It was completely dark inside. Just as I stepped in, I
considered using night vision magic. Before I even lifted my right hand,
a sudden burst of blinding light poured down from above. I
subconsciously narrowed my eyes.
Inside was a huge dome space. It reminded me of the Boss room
on the 75th floor of Aincrad where I had fought with Heathcliff, only
the diameter was several times bigger.

It seemed like the inside of a tree, large roots wove together to
form the floor. Ivy rose from the floor to cover the walls, going up and
connecting to the top.

The canopy was a clear hemispherical dome, the ivy entwining to
form stained glass-like patterns, through which white light poured.
Near the top of the canopy, I saw a door. It was a exquisitely
decorated ring-shaped gate with a cross-shape splitting the door into
four pieces. The road to the top of the tree must be on the other side.

122

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Holding my greatsword in both hands, I took a deep breath.
Putting power into my legs, I spread my wings.
“- Go!!”

I fiercely cried to myself, and kicked hard off of the ground.

Before I had flown for even one second, an anomaly appeared in
the light filtering through the canopy. One portion of the window
turned white as it boiled and bubbled, it looked like something was
about to happen. In an instant, that part of the dome dripped, and as it
fell, it took on a humanoid form, spreading four shining wings as it
roared.

The knight’s massive body was entirely clad in silver armor, and
was wearing a mirror mask, so its face could not be seen. The right
hand held a sword even larger then mine. No doubt, this was the
guardian that Lyfa was talking about.

The guardian knight turned its mirror face toward the rapidly
rising me and dove with what would have been a shout save for the
lack of human speech.
“Get out of the waaaaay!!”

I shouted and swung my greatsword. The distance between us
neared zero, the feeling of a cold spark played over my brain, it’s the
accelerated feeling I always got when I was fighting at my limits in that
world. Facing the guardian knight, with my figure reflecting off its
mask, I brought my sword down without hesitation.

The guardian knight’s sword intersected with mine in mid-air,
and the space was torn asunder by light effects similar to lightning. The
knight brought its hugely rebounded sword over its head for another
strike, I just let my sword move as it wanted and rushed at the knight’s

123

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

chest. I caught the neck of the knight that was double my size with my
left hand, staying close to it.

When fighting monsters controlled by the CPU, I would find out
its attack range and try to stay in a position outside of it, but in the case
of such a huge enemy, blind spots often appear at the least suitable
moments. Of course, it is very dangerous to stop there for long, but
there was time while it tried to recover from a stance that had
collapsed.
Bringing back my right hand with the sword, I stabbed into the
knight’s unprotected neck.
“Raaa!!”

I beat my wings hard, and used my full weight to push the sword
in. Gatsu!! With sound of a hard object breaking, my sword went
through its neck.
“Gogaaaaaa!!”

Unlike its awe-inspiring divine appearance, it let out a bestial roar
and then stiffened. Shortly after, the huge body was wrapped in a white
End Flame, which quickly dispersed.
‘- I can do it!!’

My heart cried out with joy. The guardian knight’s stats fell short
of the floor bosses of SAO. For one-on-one, I have the advantage.

I shook off the white flame that still clung to me and looked at
gate. I saw a scene that made the smile on my face freeze.

All of the stained glass windows in the still far off, huge canopy
were in a chaotic state, the silver clad knights appearing from all of
them. There were dozens - no, hundreds.

124

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

125

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“- Uoooooo!!”

I whipped myself, who had been daunted for an instant, and
shouted. No matter how many come, I just have to kill them all. I beat
my wings and dashed fiercely.

Several of the newly born knights descended from the canopy to
block my path. I aimed at the front one and moved my sword.

This time I avoided the loss of balance caused by crossing swords,
and concentrated on the tip of the enemy’s sword, I twisted my body,
evading it. Not completely avoiding it, the enemy’s sword scratched my
shoulder, causing slight damage, but I ignored it, all of my senses on
attacking my enemy
My big sword moved along a straight line, impacting the mask,
killing my second opponent. White flame spewed from the knight,
before it disappeared another knight moved in to take its place.

The next knight had already begun its attack, I ground my teeth.
Deciding that I wouldn’t have enough time completely evade it, I lifted
my left hand and blocked it with my armor.

With a strike that impacted on bone, out of the left corner of my
eyes, I saw my HP bar decrease by about 10%. But the enemy’s sword
swing was diverted by my arm, so the knight’s stance collapsed. Aiming
for its neck, the sword in my right hand came down.

But this time my speed was reduced and I could not kill it in one
hit. Furthermore, another knight was rushing over from the right. I
twisted my body to the right and kicked my left foot at the damaged
knight’s mask.
Having the swordsman Kirito’s status data carried over to this
world was lucky, including the unarmed combat skill level that I

126

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

thought was useless here, my kick removed the rest of this knight’s HP.
The big body leaning back was wrapped in flames and let loose a
scream distorted by the effect.
I blocked the third knight’s sword at the last moment with my
sword.
“Seaaaa!!”

Together with the cries, I clenched my left fist and thrust at its
mirror mask. Crack!! With that sound, cracks radiated out from the
point of impact and it let out an anguished cry.
“Fall!! Fallll!!”

I shouted. This feeling was unlike the time in Jötunheimr fighting
the Undine soldiers, a searing impulse for destruction drove me. The
sword in my right hand sawed at the knight’s neck, I punched the
knight with my left hand over and over.

That’s right - I once lived in this world. Wandering alone in one of
the deepest dungeons, fighting at the line of death to forge my soul, I
used monsters’ corpses to build my tombstone as I continued to swing
my sword.

My fist finally went through the knight’s mask, and luminous
lights scattered. I was still lost in that inner voice of destruction, and I
thrust my left fist into the depths of the light. As my hand went through
its head, the knight’s whole body melted and broke apart, and the
white flame surrounded my body.
At that time, my heart was as hard and dry as a stone. Game clear
or player liberation, none of it mattered anymore. I rejected others and
thrust myself into the next battle.

127

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Four or five more guardian knights raised their shining swords,
and they fell with a sound like the voice of a onimous bird. A grim smile
emerged from the side of my face, and I burst into the knights, my
wings splitting the air. Every nerve in my body shook with a feeling of
fierce acceleration, the electric pulses connecting my body here with
my brain became white sparks crossing my vision.
“Uoooaaaaa!!”

With a courageous shout, I slashed horizontally with the sword I
now held with both hands. I repelled the enemies’ swords. Rotating
like a windmill, I accelerated to the limit aiming my sword at the
guardian knights’ neck.

Chop, Chopp!! With a continuous dull sound, two necks that held
the mirror masks danced through the air. The flame that appeared with
their last moments formed a white rose that washed over my nerves,
sending more heat over my body.

Only in the jaws of death could I see my own life. Throwing
oneself into the last-minute battle, burning one’s spirit til the end, and
then falling, I thought that was the only way I could repay those who
had fallen before my eyes.

I turned around, and without losing any of the force of my spin,
the toes of my right foot struck out, now more like a drill. My foot
struck the chest of the guardian knight, and I felt within the hardness a
soft moistness that came with unpleasant sounds as my foot
penetrated the knight’s body. As my body stopped at the center of the
End Flame, two swords approached me from the left and right, like a
pair of scissors. I blocked the sword on my right with my sword and
the one on my left with my arm, and taking no notice of my HP bar, I
countered.

128

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I quickly grabbed the wrist of the knight on my right side,
“Guuuuooooo!!”

With a roar, I swung the right knight over my head and threw it
into the one on the left. I followed through and stabbed them both
when they were locked together, giving them a fatal blow.

I thought I could keep fighting and massacring enemies no matter
how many appeared. In those days, I was burning myself in the flame
of the homicide, I polished my heart until it was as stone —
No - that wasn’t it...

- Onto that heart which was increasingly dry, there where people
who desperately poured water. Klein, Agil, Silica, Lisbeth, and Asuna.
I... I will help Asuna, to make that world truly end, I came here -

I lifted my head and turned toward the canopy, I found the stone
gate was surprisingly close.
As I struggled to fly to it, something pierced my right leg.

It was a cold, shining light arrow. As if they had been waiting for
me to stop moving, arrows poured down like rain. I was hit with two,
three consecutive arrows, my HP greatly reduced.
Looking around, I didn’t know since when, but the guardian
knights were surrounding me from a far distance, all pointed at me
with their left hands, chanting spells in harshly distorted sound. The
second wave of light arrows flew at me with a high-pitched sound.
“Uooooo!”

129

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

I swung my greatsword around me, blocking many of the arrows,
but several still hit me, dropping my HP into the yellow area. I lifted my
face, staring at the gate.
It was difficult to overthrow long-ranged enemies by myself. I
moved forward, trying to break through the gate. The arrows of light
were penetrating my entire body, but the my goal was right there.
Enduring the attacks, I stretched my left hand to touch the stone door
—
- But.

Only a few seconds to go, my back suffered a tremendous impact.
When I turned around, a guardian knight had approached me, with a
distorted version of my smile looking at me, it had thrust its sword into
my back. My posture collapsed and my acceleration stopped.
Then, Like a flock of white birds swooping on prey, dozens of
guardian knights rushed from all directions. With a Dotsu dotsu sound,
my body was pierced by sword after sword. I didn’t even have time to
check my HP.

My vision was suddenly filled with a phosphorescent black flame.
It took a while to notice that it was my own End Flame. Beyond the
black flames, small purple letters emerged. [You are dead].
The next moment, there was a dry sound and my body dissolved.

Like one switch after another being turned off, the sense of my
body disappeared.

When I was killed on the 75th floor of Aincrad in the final fight
with Heathcliff, I clearly remembered when I fell. As that memory
flashed through my mind, I was enveloped by a violent terror.

130

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

But of course, there was no interruption of my consciousness. Is
this half conscious? I had experienced «death in the game», but not
since the beta testing of SAO.

It was a strange feeling. My sight lost color as it faded to a
monotone purple. In the center of my vision were letters in the color of
a system notice saying [Remaining Revival Time], with a decreasing
number to the right. In the far side of my view, the silver guardian
knights that killed me seemed satisfied and returned to the stain-glass
in the canopy.

There was no sense of my extremities. I couldn’t move, all that
was left of me in this world was the small embers of my Remain Light
like all of the people I killed in this world. I was lost in helpless,
miserable, trivial feelings.

Yes - I was so miserable. Maybe somewhere inside I still felt that
this was just a game, and this was the retribution for feeling that way.
After all, my strength was just a few numbers in my status data. Yet,
beyond the boundaries of the game, beyond the limits, I thought I could
do anything I wanted to.

I wanted to meet Asuna. I wanted to wrap her in my arms, to
loose those feelings and thoughts and finally heal. But now my hands
could no longer reach her.

The second display was decreasing. I wondered what would
happen when it reached zero, I could not remember.

No matter what happens, there is only one thing I can do. I would
crawl back to this place and challenge the guardian knights again. No
matter how many time I fell, even if I understood that I couldn’t win even if my spirit was worn down, until the moment I completely
disappear from this world - ...

131

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

At that moment, a shadow sailed across my vision looking below.

Someone invaded the open dome and raced up toward me at with
terrible acceleration.

‘Don’t come’, I tried to yell, but my voice didn’t come out. Looking
up at the windows, I saw that it was once again lined with white and
guardian knights were being produced.

White giants shouted as they passed by my side in their headlong
rush for the intruder. From my experience just before, I already knew
that one person would not be able to fight them. ‘Hurry and run away’,
I desperately prayed, but the shadow shot up toward me in a straight
line.
The guardian knights in the front row grasped their swords and
brought them down in sequence. The intruder evaded the attacks with
agile and alert movements, but the time lagged attack made the sword
grazed the intruder. The delicate body went into a big tumble.

But the intruder used that tumble to accelerate further, slipped
pass the rows of knights and kept rising. As the intruder drew closer to
me, more knights appeared to stop that, with a strange chorus, they
flew around a narrow space.

The shadow’s right hand held a katana, but that was only used for
defense. Avoiding the enemy groups and parrying with dazzling
movements, it came closer and closer. It was a painfully desperate
flight.
When she finally arrived in front of me, the player’s tears
scattered as she cried:
“- Kirito-kun!!”

132

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

It was Lyfa. The Sylph girl stretched out her hands and wrapped
me tightly in her arms.

We are already very close to the gate, but the knights would never
allow us to rise, they closely crowded in the sky, creating a wall of flesh
several layers thick. But having secured me, Lyfa quickly turned and
flew, this time aimed straight for the exit.

From the rear, curse like spell chanting rose. Immediately, arrows
of light came flying. Lyfa wove from side to side, avoiding the aim of the
enemy, but the arrows rained down so densely that it wasn’t possible
to evade them all. One of them hit her and the shock reached even me.
“Ug...!!”

Lyfa choked out, but her dive speed didn’t decrease. Lyfa’s body
was pierced by arrows in quick succession. In my vision, her HP was
swiftly cut in half.

Arrows of light were not the only thing chasing us. There were
two guardian knights chasing, fast and furious. I could see swords
swinging down from the left and right in a cross.
Lyfa did a quick right spin, avoiding one sword, but the other
caught her squarely in the back.
“Ah...”

With her cry, Lyfa was thrown like a ball, crashing into the ground.
After bouncing several times, we slid on the ground, eventually coming
to a stop. There, several knights descended to make a fatal blow.
Lyfa pushed her body up with a trembling hand, and flapped her
wings once. That made her roll - bright light suddenly surrounded my
vision. We were already outside the dome.

133

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

***

Surviving that hopeless situation, Lyfa stretched out her body,
chilled with fear, on the cobblestones. Turning back to the door, having
passed the time allotted for the event, the door was closing and the
white giants were soaring up behind it.
In her hands, the small black flame flickered. Kirito-kun -, Lyfa
cried in her heart, but there was no time to be immersed in those sad
sentiments. She sat up, and leaning against the leg of the huge stone
statue, waved her right hand and opened the item window.

Since Lyfa hadn’t mastered water and holy attribute magic, she
couldn’t cast the high-leveled revival magic. So she turned «Sap of the
World Tree» into an item, and she picked up the small blue bottle that
materialized.
Dismissing the window, she uncorked the bottle and sprinkled
the shining liquid over Kirito’s Remain Light. A three-dimensional
magic circle similar to that of revival magic unfolded in an instant. A
few seconds later, the figure of a boy in black materialized.
“...Kirito-kun...”

Still sitting down, Lyfa called his name, smiling through her tears.
Kirito also knelt on the stone pavement with a harrowed smile, placed
his right hand on her hand.
“Thank you, Lyfa... But, don’t be that reckless again. I’ll be fine... I
don’t want to cause you any more trouble.”
“Troubled... I....”

134

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

‘Am not troubled at all’, She was going to say, but Kirito stood up
first. He turned away and started walking - again toward the door
leading into the World Tree.
“Ki, Kirito-kun!!”

She was stunned in amazement, Lyfa put strength to her
trembling legs, and somehow stood up.
“Wa, wait... it is impossible for a single person!”

“Maybe so... But I must go...”

Kirito whispered with his back turned, Lyfa felt like a glass image
pushed to the limits, desperately trying to find the words. But she
wasn’t able to speak the words burning in her throat. Her arms
stretched out in a daze, she held Kirito’s body tightly.

She’s being attracted, she strongly felt. In order to give up on
Kazuto, she forced herself to love this person in her heart, at the same
time, she thought this might be fine. She felt that this feeling seemed to
be true.

“Enough... Stop already... Return to the usual Kirito-kun... I... I,
Kirito-kun...”

Kirito gently held her right hand in his hands. A quiet, intense
voice flowed into her ear.

“Lyfa... I’m sorry... If I don’t go there, nothing will end, and nothing
will start. I must see her, again...”
“Again... Asuna...”
135

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Lyfa did not understand what she had heard for a moment. Her
mind had gone blank, and Kirito’s reverberation slowly faded away.
“...Now... now, what... did you say...?”

Kirito tilted his head, looking slightly puzzled and replied:

“Ah... Asuna, that is the name of the person I’m looking for.”

“But... I mean, that person is...”

As her hands covered her mouth, Lyfa took a half step back.

While her mind was frozen, afterimages of memories revived.

A few days ago, when she had sparred with Kazuto in the dojo.

When they first met, Kirito had beaten the Salamanders in the
Ancient Forest.

The two people in her memory, when the battle was over, slashed
with the sword in their right hand and quickly put it away on their
back. The exact same movement.

With a burst of insight, the two silhouettes melted together. Lyfa’s
eyes went wide open, and from trembling lips barely forced out a voice.
“... Are you... onii-chan...?”

“Huh...?”

Kirito heard these words and his eyebrows went up in surprise.
His dark eyes looked directly into Lyfa’s eyes. The light floated in the
pupils like the moon swaying on the surface of the water, then “- Sugu... Suguha...?”

The Spriggan in black whispered in a sound that’s barely a voice,
calling that name.

136

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

The stone pavement, the surroundings of Aarun, and the whole
world with the huge World Tree seemed to be collapsing. Lyfa /
Suguha staggered back a few steps.

While travelling with that person for the past few days, Lyfa had
felt that the virtual world was more vivid. Her heart was excited just to
fly side by side.

Suguha adored Kazuto, Lyfa liked Kirito, if she said she wasn’t
feeling guilt, that would be a lie. However, it was Kirito that taught her
that Alfheim wasn’t just an extension of a virtual flight simulator like
she had thought for a long time, but a whole new reality. That is why
Lyfa was able to realize that the feelings that she had in this world
were not just digital data, but her true feelings.

She forcefully frozen her feelings for wanting Kazuto, even her
deeply buried pain, will eventually be forgotten if she stayed by Kirito’s
side, she felt like that. - Yet it is true that this «reality» was given form
by the spirits of the «real» humans that come here, but still it was an
unexpected result.
“...How cruel... This is just too much, this...”

Lyfa shook her head left and right, talking like someone delirious.
More than that, she didn’t want to stay in that place for even one more
second. She turned away from Kirito, and waved her left hand.

Touching the lower left corner of the window, she almost ignored
the confirmation message, and pressed. Under firmly closed eyelids,
the rainbow faded, leaving only darkness.

Waking up in her bed, the first thing she saw was the deep blue
Alfheim sky. Where that color had always invoked feelings of nostalgia
and longing before, now there was only pain.

137

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Suguha slowly took the Amusphere off her head, and held it in
front of her eyes.
“U... u...”

Sobs which she couldn’t hold back leaked from the depths of her
throat. She applied a little more strength to her two hands holding the
delicate machine with its two ornate circles. The ring bent with a faint
scream.

She would destroy the AmuSphere and shut the passage to that
world forever, she thought. However, she couldn’t do it. The girl by the
name of Lyfa on the other side of the rings was just too pitiful.
Throwing the machine onto the bed, Suguha sat up. She put her
feet on the ground, closed her eyes, and bowed her head. She didn’t
want to think about anything anymore.

The silence was broken by a modest knock. Then, from beyond
the door, came a voice that was different from Kirito’s, but it had the
same cadence.
“- Sugu, can I?”

“Stop!! Don’t open the door!”
She cried out of reflex.

“Let me be alone... for a while...”

“- What happened, Sugu. I was surprised too, but...”

Filled with confusion, Kazuto’s words continued.

“...If you are angry that I used the Nerve Gear again, I apologize.
But it was absolutely necessary.”
“No, it’s not that.”

138

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

139

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

In a moment, conflicting feelings spread throughout her body. She
jumped out of the bed and went to the door.

She turned the handle and opened the door, there was the figure
of Kazuto. His eyes were full of worry as he looked at her.
“I... I...”

Her feelings, with her tears overflow out.

“I - betrayed my heart. Betrayed my feelings of loving onii-chan.”

Finally saying ‘love’ face to face with her target person, but that
was like a blade piercing her chest, throat, and lips. Feeling the searing
pain, continued in a hoarse voice.

“I forgot everything, gave up, and was just going to love Kirito, I
thought. No, I had already. - and yet... even though...”
“What...”

For a few seconds, Kazuto was at a loss for words, then he said in
a whisper.
“Love... me... But, we are...”
“I know.”

“...What...?”

“I already know.”

‘I can’t’, she thought. But she couldn’t stop. With her glance
embed with all of that passion looking at Kazuto, she spoke through
trembling lips the following declaration.

“Onii-chan and I are not true siblings. I’ve known since two years
ago!!”

140

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Oh no. Her mother had wanted her to wait before telling Kazuto
that she knew about this, it’s not for her to use this as a weapon for her
remaining feelings. The reason she was told was so she could use the
time to think about it, she thought.

“The reason onii-chan gave up on kendo and started avoiding me,
you knew this long ago right? I am not your real sister so you put me at
a distance right? Then, why are you so kind to me now!!”

No matter how bad it is, she couldn’t hold in the words anymore.
As Suguha’s voice reverberated in the cold air in the corridor, Kazuto’s
black eyes gradually lost their expression.
“I... was very happy when onii-chan came back from SAO. I was
glad we had finally been able to regain the relationship we had as
children. You finally looked at me, I thought.”

Finally, she could not bear anymore, and the tears came
streaming down her face. Suguha harshly rubbed her eyes, and to her
limits forced her voice out of her chest.

“... But... if I knew this would be the case, maybe it would have
been better if onii-chan had remained cold to me. In that case, I
wouldn’t know that I love onii-chan... Or find out about Asuna-san and
feel sad... Then I wouldn’t have to love Kirito to replace you!!”

When he heard these words Kazuto’s eyes got a little wide, and he
looked stiff. After a few seconds, while time seemed stopped, Kazuto
shook his head and said sadly,
“...I’m sorry...”

Since he woke up two months ago, Kazuto’s eyes that looked at
Suguha usually had a caring and gentle light shining in them. But now,
that light was faded, in exchange a deep darkness was exposed there.

141

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Suguha was filled with severe pain, as though her heart was cut with
the blade of regret.
“...Just, leave me alone.”

She didn’t want to see Kazuto’s face any longer. While being
crushed with guilt and self-loathing, Suguha closed the door to run
away and took a few steps back. Her heel touching her bed, she fell
back as she collapsed.

Curled up with a sheet wrapped around her body, her shoulders
trembled as sobs racked her body. Then the tears began to fall, leaving
marks on the white linen sheets while being absorbed by it.

***

With the door closed in front of me, I stood there for a while.

Soon, I turned and slid to the floor with my back against her door.

Suguha’s accusation that I had distanced myself from her because
she wasn’t my true younger sister was almost correct. I had searched
the net for my family registry, but I had found the deletion notice, so I
asked my parents about it. I was ten years-old. I began to put some
distance between Suguha and myself, but there was no specific reason.
At that time, I did not understand the meaning of the distance
between other people.

I did not have any memory of my real parents, Kirigaya Minetaka
and Midori had told me the truth, but their love for me did not change
so I was not really hurt. However, a seed of a strange feeling was
planted in me, by the time it started to bud, it was already deeply
rooted.

142

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

That is, for someone who didn’t even know their relatives, who is
that person really? That was my question. I came to think of a family as
a set of acquaintances with a long relationship, someone who knows
everything. I wondered who that person would actually be. Did I really
know someone like that?

That sense of incongruity may be one of the reasons that led me
to dive into the world of online games. There, the avatars that come in
contact over the network are naturally different within the game. No
one really knew who each other is. On this premise we interacted, that
was to say it was a false world, that was something I found pleasant. By
the time I was a 5th or 6th grader, I was already addicted to net games,
without a side glance I moved straight forward. Finally I was
imprisoned for two years, in that virtual world.

The world of Sword Art Online would have been something of a
utopia for me, if not for the game’s rule of death. A false dream that I
wouldn’t wake up from. The virtual world that could never end.
In that world, I played Kirito, who no one knew.

However, in the abnormal situation of a FullDive net game where
I couldn’t log out, I was led without force to one inevitable truth.
Whether it was the real world or a virtual world, it was
essentially identical.

Because humans understand their world by receiving the
information from the five senses that had been processed by the brain.
The only reason a net game is a false world is that you can leave by
switching off the machine.

A world that your brain recognized through electronic pulses, a
world that you can’t log out of.

143

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Those are words that describe the real world itself.

When I realized that, I finally realized the emptiness of the
question that had been confusing me since the age of ten. Worrying
about who people really were was something with no meaning. The
only thing you were able to do is believe what you see, and accept it.
The person that I recognize is the true person.
From the door I had my back to came Suguha’s sobbing.

When I returned to the real world, the moment I first saw her face,
I was honestly glad to see her. I wanted to shorten the distance that I
had built over a few years because of my meaningless question, we
would rebuild our bonds, I would approach her because I wanted to.

However, perhaps Suguha had also gained a new awareness of me
over these past two years. She knew that her onii-chan was actually
her cousin, and was likely trying to come to terms with the distance I
had put between us. I who thought that she didn’t know the truth
wasn’t able to notice her feelings.

To this Suguha, I had shown my feelings for Asuna many times. I
had cried in front of her thinking of Asuna. It wasn’t hard to imagine
how deeply I had hurt Suguha.
No, it was not just that.

Perhaps the reason the PC tone-deaf Suguha had started playing
VRMMO games was also me. To know my world, Suguha dove into the
virtual world, and after a long time nurtured another her. The person
who helped me many times in Alfheim, Lyfa - who was the real Suguha.

Yui had hypothesized that the reason I met her after I first logged
in was because someone in my neighborhood had connected to ALO at
the same time as me. Because we made our dives not from the same

144

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

neighborhood, but the same house, our global IP address was identical.
So, after I naturally encountered Lyfa, the only thing in my head was
Asuna, and I hurt Lyfa like I had hurt Suguha.

I closed my eyes so tightly that when I opened them they seemed
to make noise, and stood up with all of the power in my legs.

Now, I will do what I could for Suguha. When words were not
enough, stretching out your hands, in the world of SAO, many people
had taught me that with their whole self.

***

A strong knock sounded on the door, pulling Suguha out of her
stupor. Out of reflex, she cowered.

‘Don’t open the door’, she was going to shout, but the only thing
that leaked from her throat was a blurred voice. However, Kazuto
started speaking without turning the door knob.
“Sugu... I’ll be waiting for you on the terrace in the north side of
Aarun.”

It was a calm voice, a gentle voice. She felt that he then moved
from the front of her door. After the sound of a door opening and
closing across the hall, silence fell.
Suguha closed her eyes tightly and curled up again. The tears
began falling again, making a dripping sound.

Kazuto’s voice was not the least bit shaken. Could he have just
swallowed the terrible words she had showered upon him?
‘- He was so strong, her onii-chan. I can’t be that strong...’

145

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

While whispering in her heart, she remembered the night a few
days ago.

That night, Kazuto was like her now, curled up on his bed. Exactly
the same thing, thinking about the beloved one he was unable to reach.
It was the shape of a lost child.
It was the next day that she met Kirito. That is, Kazuto had found
out that while Asuna’s body slept, her consciousness was in Alfheim on the World Tree towering above. He threw himself into the virtual
world again. Wiped his tears, with sword in hand.
- At that time, she said good luck to him. She had told him not to
give up. However, she herself was continuing to cry like this...

Suguha slowly opened her eyes. A glorious, round crown was
placed in front of her.
Reaching out and taking it she placed it over her head.

Sunlight poured down from the partially cloudy sky and shone
gently on the ancient styled streets of Aarun.

Looking around the log in point, Kirito’s figure could not be seen.
Checking the map, she could see that she was in the south plaza outside
the dome of the world tree, and the north side seemed to have a large
terrace for events. He was probably waiting there for Lyfa.

Although she had come here, she was still scared about the
meeting. She didn’t know what she should say or what to expect she
would hear. Taking several despondent steps, Lyfa sat down on a
bench in the corner of the plaza.

146

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

She couldn’t be sure how long she sat with her head down.
Suddenly, someone landed in front of her. She reflexively hardened her
body and closed her eyes.
However, the person who called her name was a surprise.
“Finally... I was looking for you, Lyfa-chan!”

A familiar, cheerful, but unreliable voice echoed. She lifted her
head while dumbfounded, there stood the figure of the yellow-green
haired Sylph boy.
“...R, Recon!?”

Seeing this unexpected face, Lyfa instantly forgot the pain she was
in, and asked him why he would be there. Recon placed his hands on
his hips, puffed out his chest and said in a proud voice:
“Well, after Sigurd left, my paralysis wore off so I killed the two
Salamanders with poison and escaped from the underground
waterway. I was going to kill Sigurd with poison too but he wasn’t in
the Sylph capital, so I decided to go to Aarun too. I passed through the
mountain range, training active monsters on people on the way, and I
finally arrived in Aarun this morning. It really took a full night.”
“...You, that is pure MPK...”

“Don’t worry about the small details at this time!”

Recon did not care about Lyfa’s accusatory words, he seemed
cheerful, and sat down close to her. Seeing Lyfa alone, he was puzzled,
as he looked around the surrounding area, asked.
“What happened to that Spriggan? Is your party disbanding?”
“Well...”

147

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Looking for the right words, Lyfa fidgeted, shifting her hips
uncertainly. However, it was like there was a lump of constant ache in
her chest, no skillful excuses seem to float up. When she realized, she
was already saying what was buried in her heart.

“...I, said terrible things to that person... Even though I loved him, I
said things that I shouldn’t to hurt him... I am, a fool...”

Tears almost overflowed again, but Lyfa desperately held them
back. Recon / Nagata was just her classmate, above that this is the
virtual world, she didn’t want to bare emotions that would confuse him.
So she quickly turned away and continued in rapid speech.
“I’m sorry to have said such strange things. Forget it. I won’t meet
that person anymore... Let’s go home, to Sylvain.”

Even if she tried to escape here, in reality she was laying only a
few meters from him would not change. But she was still scared of
meeting Kirito. Without going to the meeting place, she would go back
to Sylvain, and after saying goodbye to several close friends, she would
put «Lyfa» in eternal sleep, she thought. Someday the pain would fade,
until that time.

Determined, Lyfa looked up and saw Recon’s face. She was
startled and unintentionally leaned back.
“Wh... what!?”

Recon’s face flushed as red as a tomato, his eyes wide open, his
mouth opened and shut with nothing coming out. For a moment, she
forgot they were in a town, she wondered whether water-attribute
suffocation magic was used. At that time, Recon suddenly moved at
terrific speed, grabbing her hands then placing them on his chest.
“What-what’s wrong!?”

148

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“Lyfa-chan!”

The nearby players turn toward them after hearing his loud voice.
He craned his neck, and continued while moving as close as possible to
Lyfa who was leaning back to her limit.
“Ly, Lyfa-chan you should not cry! If you are not always smiling,
you are not Lyfa-chan! I, I will always be by your side... Either here or
in the real word, I will never leave you alone... I, I, I love you Lyfachan...Suguha-chan!”

After rattling on like a broken faucet, he didn’t wait for Lyfa to
answer, but moved his face forward. There was a strange shine from
those usually timid eyes, his lips expanding under a swollen nose as he
chased Lyfa.
“Ah, that, wai...”

From ambush to surprise attack was Recon’s speciality, Lyfa was
surprised by the unexpected words and actions, and her body went
stiff. As if regarding her silence as consent, Recon was leaning as if to
cover Lyfa, and continued approaching.
“Hey... wait...”

Feeling Recon breathe on her face, Lyfa finally recovered from her
stunned state, and clenched her left fist.
“Wait... I said!!”

While shouting, she twisted her body and struck Recon’s solar
plexus with a full strength short blow.
“Guhoo!!”

Since this was inside a city, there’s no direct damage but the
knock-back effect still worked, Recon was lifted up about one meter

149

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

then dropped back down to the bench. He raised his voice in agony
while holding his abdomen with both hands.
“Uguguguuuu.. H, how cruel, Lyfa-chan!!”

“Which!! Suddenly saying something so stupid!”

Lyfa felt her face became hot and stood up. Her face blazing like
dragon breath with a combination of anger and embarrassment as she
realized her lips had nearly been stolen. For now she lifted Recon up by
his collar and punched him several more times with her right fist.
“Uge! Ugee! S, sorry, I’m sorry!!”

Recon rolled off the bench, and sat on the ground holding himself
up with his right hand while shaking his head. Lyfa released her
offensive stance and sat down cross-legged on the bench, and bowed
her head.
“Oh.... How strange... After that, I thought all that was left was if I
had the courage to confess or not...”
“...Why you...”

Lyfa was amazed, and honestly said in a becoming tone.
“...Are really stupid. “

“Ugu...”

Looking at Recon’s wounded face, which looked like puppy that
had been scolded, Lyfa broke into amazed laughter. With a mixture of
sigh and laughter, Lyfa felt like something else came out with them. At
the same time, she felt the depths of her chest become lighter.

I guess I was just swallowing everything up till now, she thought.
Afraid that she would be hurt, she had clenched her teeth and borne it.

150

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Because of that, she was overwhelmed by a flood of emotions, and
ended up hurting her loved one.

She might have been too late - but at least at the end she wanted
to be honest. Thinking that, Lyfa’s shoulders relaxed, looking at the sky,
and said:
“- But I don’t hate this side of you.”

“What!? Really, is that the truth!?”

Recon jumped back onto the bench, and tried to grab her hand,
not learning his lesson.
“Don’t get carried away!”

Pulling back her hand, Lyfa rose into the sky.

“- Once in a while, I’ll try to learn from you. Wait here a while. - If
you follow me, this time it will be more than that!”

Lyfa thrust her right fist with a pow toward Recon’s face, then
opened it and waved, and reversed her direction. She beat her wings
strongly, flying with abandon toward the World Tree.

Flying around the huge World Tree for a few minutes, a vast
terrace came into view below. It seemed that space was often used for
a flea market and occasionally guild events, but today it was deserted.
The north side of Aarun doesn’t hold any buildings with great
architecture, so there weren’t any tourists in sight.
The black shadow of a person stood out on the bare pavement in
the center of the terrace. With sharp gray wings, and a huge sword
strapped to his back.
Lyfa took a deep breath and landed in front of him with grim
determination.

151

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“...Hi.”

Kirito saw her then with a slightly tense but the usual casual
smile, greeted her briefly.
“Sorry to keep you waiting.”

Lyfa also replied with a smile. Silence lasted for a while. Only the
sound of the wind passed between the two.
“Sugu....”

Kirito finally opened his mouth. A serious look in his eyes. But
Lyfa gently raised her hand and interrupted him. She beat her wings
once, moving back a step.
“Onii-chan, let’s have a match. A continuation of that day.”

Lyfa reached for her katana while she spoke, Kirito stared, eyes
slightly wide. His mouth moved, as if to say something, but then
stopped.

Kirito just looked at her with the black eyes which were the same
as in reality, then several seconds later, nodded. He also started
beating his wings, putting some distance between them.
back.

“- All right. Now there is no handicap this time.”

Kirito replied with a smile, moving his hand to the sword on his

They drew their swords at the same time. The cool metallic sound
of the two swords being drawn overlapping. Lyfa held her katana in
her favorite middle stance, staring straight at Kirito. Kirito crouched
down, in a low stance with his sword skimming the ground. In the
same way as that day.
152

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

“You don’t need to stop just before hitting. - Let’s go!!”
Saying so, she kicked off the ground at the same time.

While in the instant that their distance shorten, I saw - Lyfa
thought. That day, when we sparred, she had thought Kazuto’s stance
was unreasonable, but it was something polished in the virtual world.
Kazuto had gained all his experience in the two years of fighting with
real swords at the risk of his life.

She seriously felt she wanted to understand that time for the first
time. In that hated world, with the game of death, what he saw, what he
thought, and how he lived, she wanted to know.

Lyfa held her sword high, cutting straight down. In Sylvian, it was
said Lyfa’s attack was unavoidable, but Kirito seemed to move like the
the flow of air and just shifted slightly, dodging it. Right after, the large
sword immediately jumped in with a twist. She pulled back her katana
and blocked it, but both arms were stunned by the heavy impact.

They both used the weapon rebound to kick off the ground,
beating their wings. They both rose quickly in a double helix, their
swords clashed when they met. Explosion-like light and sound effects
roared through the air, shaking the world.
Lyfa could not help but watch Kirito’s movements with
admiration, both as a kendo champion and a fairy swordswoman.
There was not a trace of excess movement, like a beautiful dance of
continuous attack and defense.

While in sync with his rhythm, and continuing to swing her sword,
Lyfa felt that she was above her experienced limits. Thinking back, in
all of the duels she had participated in this world, not once had she felt
this kind of satisfaction. Lyfa had lost fights before, but all from
153

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

weapon extra attacks and spells, she had not lost to pure sword play
even once.

The bored fencer was now finally rejoicing at facing the person
she loved more than anyone else. She thought that even if their hearts
didn’t intersect again, that moment would be enough. Lyfa was
unaware that tears were forming in the corners of her eyes.

Like many times during the intense fight when their swords
crossed, Lyfa was pushed back, this time she added her wings to it and
put a great distance between them through the air. Wings spread,
hovering in one place, sword held as high as she could.
This shall be the final blow, Lyfa expressed this feeling to Kirito.
He went into motion, his sword held far back behind his body.

For a moment, the silence was like the calm surface of the water.

Tears streamed down Lyfa’s face, fell in droplets, spreading
ripples in silence. The two people moved at the same time.

Her flight burned, scorching the air as Lyfa moved. Her katana
drew an arc of dazzling light. In front of her, she saw Kirito using the
same dash. White light sparkled from his sword as it tore through the
sky.
With her katana held above her head - she opened her hands.

The sword which lost its master became an arrow of light and
flew high in the sky. Lyfa ignored it and spread her arms, ready to
receive Kirito’s sword.

Doing just this, would not satisfy Kirito / Kazuto. However,
because her stupid words hurt him, Lyfa / Suguha could think of no
other way to apologize.

154

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

At least, I would offer this body which was another me to his
sword, Lyfa thought.

Arms wide open, eyes half closed, Lyfa waited for that moment.

However - the white light gradually melted into view, Kirito came
flying, but his hands too had no sword.
“...!?”

Lyfa opened her eyes in surprise. At the edge of her vision, she
saw Kirito’s large sword spinning away, just like her sword. At the
same time Lyfa released her sword, Kirito had also thrown away his
sword.

Why - she didn’t even have time to think as they met in mid-air.
Similarly he was stretching out his arms, they collided face-to-face, and
the shock stopped her breath as she cling to him unconsciously.
That did not use up their inertial energy, as the two became one,
they spun in the air. Blue sky and the huge tree crossing their vision as
they went round and round.
“Why -”

Lyfa managed to say just that. From ultra close-range Kirito
stared at her as he spoke at the same time.
“Why -”

Silent, eyes still meeting, the two continued on due to the inertia
in the air of Alfheim. After a while, Kirito spread his wings, stopping
their spin and controlling their position then opened his mouth.

“I - wanted to apologize to Sugu - But... I couldn’t find the words...
I thought at least I would accept your sword...”
155

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 7

Suddenly, Lyfa felt Kirito’s arms holding her got tighter.

“I am sorry... Sugu. After I had finally returned.. I, didn’t truly look
at you. I was obsessed with my problems... I couldn’t hear what you
said. Sorry...”
Lyfa’s tears overflowed as those words entered her ears.
“I... I am more...”

‘More than that’ didn’t become words. Burying her face in Kirito’s
chest, she loudly cried.

It seem to take an eternity for the two to slowly land on the grass.
Lyfa sobbed the whole time, Kirito gently patting her head, and a few
minutes later, began speaking in a gentle voice.

“I... in truth, still have not come back from that world. I’m not
finished yet. My reality can’t start until she opens her eyes... So, for now,
I’m still not sure how to work things out with Sugu...”
“...Ok. “

Lyfa gently nodded her head, and whispered.

“I, will be waiting. For the time that onii-chan truly comes back
home. ...So, I will help. Explain to me, about that person... Why, you
came to this world...”

156

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Chapter 8
After struggling to collect the two swords that went flying, Kirito
and Lyfa landed in front of the two statues that guarded the gate.
Recon, who unexpectedly seemed to have been waiting quietly, rushed
up. Seeing the black-clad Spriggan beside her, his expression changed
and he turned toward her while rubbing his neck.
“Well... h-how did it turn out?”

Lyfa replied while smiling sweetly:

“We’re going to attack the World Tree. You, me, and this guy, just
the three of us.”
“I-I see... Hey... What!?”

Lyfa clapped a hand to Recon’s shoulder as his face turned pale
and he backed away, saying ‘Let’s work hard’, then turned to look up at
the huge stone door. Standing between the two statues Lyfa realized it
seemed to radiate chill air, as if forbidding entrance to those who
wished it.

They talked about attacking it, but to tell the truth after seeing
someone with Kirito’s power getting so terribly beaten by the guardian
knights, an increase of only two people would not change the outcome
much. She took a quick glance at Kirito beside her - he had a severe
expression, his lips closed.
Kirito looked up, seeming to have thought of something.

“Yui, are you there?”

157

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Before his words had finished, light particles in the air began to
build-up and the familiar cute little pixie appeared. Hands on her hips,
she was pouting in indignation. “Oh, too slow! If papa doesn’t call for
me, I can’t come out!”
“My bad, my bad. I was a bit busy.”

With a bitter smile Kirito held out his left hand and the pixie sat
on it demurely. Recon craned his neck at a terrible speed to look at the
pixie, as if he wanted to devour her.

“Wow, th-this is a private pixie!? This is the first time I’ve seen
one!! Oh, incredible, so cute!!”
Hearing this, Yui’s eyes went wide and she backed away.

“Wh, what is this person?!”
“Hey, you’re scaring her.”

Lyfa grabbed Recon’s ear and pulled him away from Yui.
“Don’t mind this fellow.”

“...A, ah.”

Kirito stood confused by the scene in front of him. He blinked his
eyes two or three times, then looked at Yui again.
“- Well, did you learn anything from that battle?”

“Yes.”

Yui wore an earnest expression on her pretty face as she nodded.

“Those guardian monsters, while their health and strength wasn’t
that high, their spawning pattern was abnormal. The spawning speed
increases proportional to the proximity to the inner gate and when you

158

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

actually get to the gate they would spawn at a rate of twelve per
second. That is... It is set at a degree of difficulty that is impossible to
capture...”
“Hmm.”

Kirito frowned, and nodded in agreement.

“I didn’t notice because the individual guardians were not all that
strong, but if you view them all as one entity they’re an absolutely
invincible boss. It’s designed to fan the challenger’s flame, to keep their
interest till the last moment then pull the flag completely away. It’s
very tricky...”
“But if you think about it, papa’s extraordinary skill proficiency is
the same. With that fierce power a momentary breakthrough might be
possible.”
“......”

Kirito was silent in thought for a while, then he lifted his head and
stared at Lyfa.
“...I’m sorry. For one more time, can you help me with my selfish
request? Though I understand this might be impossible, I would like to
find more people or look for another way. But... my gut tells me
something unpleasant will happen soon. I’m running out of time...”

Lyfa heard that and for a moment thought of sending a message
to the Sylph lord’s mansion in the capital, Sylvain, asking Sakuya if she
could send high level players to come to their aid.

But right after Lyfa bit her lip as she gave up on that idea. Her
mind went back to that morning, in Jötunheimr. Remembering the
incident with the Undine team brought her back to her senses. They

159

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

gave priority to efficiency and safety, and they hunted the nonresisting evil-god with no consideration for Lyfa’s appeal.

Of course, Sakuya was a friend and wouldn’t think the same way
as the Undines. But Sakuya was a leader who assumed serious
responsibility. In certain situations she would have to let commonsense decisions concerning the whole race override her personal
feelings. Even though she would challenge the World Tree one day, it
would only be after taking the time necessary to make full
preparations. If Sakuya heard Lyfa’s personal request for aid, she
probably wouldn’t come knowing it would mean the total annihilation
of her troops.

After a short period of silence Lyfa raised her face with a bright
tone and said:

“OK. Let’s do our best. I’ll do anything within my power... also, this
guy too.”
“Eh, what...”

Making that sound, Lyfa elbowed Recon, his usual troubled brows
were furrowed to their limit. Then saying “Lyfa-chan and I are the
same, body and mind”, and other things, then finally nodded in
agreement.
The stone gate opened with a low rumbling that sounded like it
came from the bottom of the abyss and a deep, eerie atmosphere
flowed out from the other side of it, which made Lyfa lightly flap her
wings. Earlier when she flew in to help Kirito, she didn’t notice the
overwhelming atmosphere, but now facing the stone gates, she felt the
strong psychological pressure.

160

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

However her heart was unusually calm.

Now it felt like she was in a storm. Whether the real world or the
virtual world, everything was changing with a flowing and crackling
sound. She didn’t know where she was going in this torrent; all she
could do was aim for the light in the distance.
Following Kirito, Lyfa and Recon pulled out their swords.
Including Yui, all four pairs of eyes met and they all raised their wings
together.
“...Here we go!”

At Kirito’s shout they all kicked off the ground, plunging into the
dome.

As decided earlier, Kirito began aiming for the gate and was at the
center of the dome severely accelerating. Lyfa and Recon kept near the
ground and began to chant healing spells.
From the emission of the light in the canopy white giants formed
from the viscous liquid dripping down. They rushed at Kirito with a
strange, courageous shout. As the guardian knight vanguard and the
comparatively small Kirito met, a flash of light and an explosion roared
through the dome.
Several giants got cut apart in one slash and scattered in all
directions. Seeing such a scenario Recon whispered beside her.
“...Amazing.”

It was certainly a terrifying level of sword strength. However,
witnessing the scene of Kirito fighting such massive numbers of
monsters sent chills running down her spine.
161

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

There were just too many enemies. The huge number of guardian
knights descending from the mesh-like canopy was a situation beyond
game balance. Even in the worst underworld dungeon, Jötunheimr, the
monsters spawning rate was much more moderate than this.

The guardian knights grouped together tightly, sending out
undulating bands to attack Kirito. A series of flashes occurred above,
and every time the body of a knight scattered light dancing like snow.
However, every time one was destroyed three more would take its
place.

By the time Kirito was half way to the door, his HP had decreased
by only ten percent . Lyfa and Recon released the healing magic they
had prepared and placed in a standby state. Kirito’s body was wrapped
in a blue light and his health was restored.
- But.

A terrible thing happened at the same time.

A group of low-flying guardian knights turned toward Lyfa and
Recon with a queer cry.
“Ua...”

Recon made an anxious sound.

Lyfa felt that behind those mirror masks the guardian knights
were focused on them. She subconsciously clamped her teeth together
tightly.

In order to avoid being targeted Lyfa and Recon were to use
magic only to heal Kirito. Generally, monsters only attack players who
enter their detection range. That is, they don’t attack the long-range
players if they don’t use bows or attack magic.

162

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

However, it seems that the guardian knights are different than the
monsters in the outside world, they use algorithms with ill intent as
well. If they react to support magic from far away then using an
orthodox kind of formation like attackers at the vanguard and healers
at the rear is useless.

‘That group of five or six knights, turn away!’ Lyfa’s wish was
empty, they started beating their four wings and the knights dove. Each
of them held a sword easily taller than Lyfa in their right hand. Their
swords seemed to gleam with a hungry light.
Lyfa cried out to Recon:

“I’ll distract them, you continue to heal like this!” Lyfa rose
without waiting for an answer. However, although during battles until
now Recon had just listened to Lyfa’s orders, this time he said ‘Wait,’
then held onto her right hand. Surprised, Lyfa turned around to look at
him and was struck by his unusually serious expression, even though
his voice was tense.
“Lyfa-chan... though I don’t completely understand, this is an
important battle, right?”
“- Yes. Right now it’s probably not just a game.”

“...Although there’s no way I can match that Spriggan... I’ll do
something about the guardians...”

As soon he finished Recon kicked off the ground with the flight
controller in his hand. While Lyfa was standing there surprised he flew
farther ahead, directly into the group of guardian knights.
“I-Idiot...”

163

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

‘- He wasn’t a capable opponent’, Lyfa thought, but she knew she
couldn’t catch up with him anymore. Looking to the side, Kirito’s full
HP had once again started to decrease. Lyfa was forced to start casting
a recovery spell. Even as she quickly cast her spell Lyfa uneasily
continued to watch Recon from behind.

Recon unleashed the wide area wind attribute magic that he had
prepared during his flight to attack the guardian knights. Many green
blades spread out in a fan shape and attacked the knights, ripping into
them. The knights HP wasn’t reduced much, but instead all of them
targeted Recon.

The white giants issued a distorted howl as they confronted the
little green boy. Recon flew around the dangerous giants’ swords, as he
moved like a leaf at the mercy of the wind, and came out behind them.
The knights quickly turned, following him.

Lyfa completed her spell and the light of a healing spell wrapped
around Kirito. Several guardian knights reacted and start to descend.
Those knights joined the group chasing Recon, causing it to double in
size.
Despite not being good at aerial combat Recon was dodging the
swords rushing at him with amazing concentration. He occasionally
received an attack and his HP gradually began to decrease, but there
were no fatal injuries.
“...Recon...”

Recon’s flight looked desperate and Lyfa could not help but feel
kind of touched, but she knew Recon couldn’t last forever. Every time
she cast a healing spell on Kirito a new group of knights descended,
increasing the number gathered around Recon.
164

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Finally, the guardian knights chasing Recon divided into two
teams. They appeared to be trying to sandwich him. One of the many
sword tips that fell like rain caught Recon on the back knocking him
away.
“Recon, that’s enough! Escape outside!!”

Lyfa couldn’t watch any longer and cried out. Once a player had
evacuated he couldn’t pass through the door again while there was still
a battle going on inside. She decided that she would endure to her limit,
then fly up while chanting a healing spell.
But before that, Recon turned and looked at her. Recon’s face had
a determined smile. Seeing that Lyfa stopped opening her wings.

Recon began to chant a new spell while receiving multiple sword
attacks. His body was quickly surrounded by a dark purple light effect.
“...!?”

Noticing that it was a darkness attribute magic spell Lyfa gasped.
A complicated magic circle unfolded instantly. Judging from its size it
was a considerably high-ranked incantation. Since it’s rare to see
darkness magic in Sylph territory Lyfa didn’t know what kind of effect
it had.

The magic circle became gigantic in a moment, turning on its axis
while wrapping around the knights that flocked toward it. The complex
pattern of light condensed in an instant - then everything was hit with
a terrible flash.
“Ah...!!”

Lyfa was blinded by the flash and instinctively turned her face
away. An explosion that sounded as though it was going to crush

165

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

heaven and earth occurred, violently shaking the entire dome. It took a
full second to recover from that blinding white scene. Lyfa stared
desperately toward the blast center while squeezing her hands. She
was so surprised that she was lost for words. The guardian knights that
had clustered around Recon were annihilated. The only trace of them
was the faint purple afterglow hanging in the air.

The power was terrifying. There aren’t any such powerful area
attack incantations in either the Wind or Fire attributes. ‘That guy
Recon, when did he learn such a useful hidden skill?’ Lyfa was crying
both from joy and surprise. If such an attack was used several more
times then it would be possible to break through the gate. Lyfa was
going to heal Recon for now and moved her hand - but she again froze
in place.

In the aftermath of the explosion Recon’s small figure wasn’t
there. Instead, a lone Remain Light floated in the air.
“- Self-Destruction Magic...?”

Lyfa whispered in dismay. That’s right - she remembered hearing
about this kind of dark magic long ago. However, it had a death-penalty
several times worse than that of a normal death, so it can be said to be
a taboo incantation.
Lyfa shut her eyes tightly, at a loss for words for a few seconds.
Despite being a mere game; the experience, time, and effort Recon put
into it made that a genuine sacrifice. From here on out giving up was
not an option. She opened her eyes with determination while looking
up. Then legs.

As she saw the scene in front of her she felt the strength leave her
166

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

all.

The top of the dome was so full of white that she couldn’t see it at

Kirito was the small black speck in the center. After each swing of
his sword, bodies fell. It was like poking a vast sand dunes with a
needle. The holes in the wall of white guardian knights’ flesh that Kirito
made were instantly refilled, completely blocking him.
“Uooooo!!”

Kirito fought like a demon and roared like he was coughing up
blood, his cries of defiance faintly reaching Lyfa’s ears.
“...It’s impossible onii-chan... something like this...”

To be honest, the idea that someone’s soul was trapped in this
world, even if Kirito told her, was something she still couldn’t quite
believe. This was a game, a virtual world meant to be enjoyed. She
couldn’t help feeling some resistance to the story that linked this world
to the nightmarish «SAO World».

However, Lyfa felt for the first time that she had seen a «Malicious
System». The virtual game world had a fair balance, but this place was
full of killing intent against players. Like a huge death scythe being
swung around - that kind of feeling. It was God’s intention to kill. No
one may resist.
Suddenly a low, distorted, curse like sound reverberated in the
dome.

A section of the guardian knights stopped moving, their left hands
reaching forward as they chanted spells. That was the spell that sealed
Kirito’s movement the first time he came here. When it hit, it
temporarily stunned, leaving the victim open to sword attacks.
167

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Expecting to see the scene where Kirito was skewered by
countless blades Lyfa froze.
It was at that moment...

Suddenly, from behind came a surge, no, a tsunami of sound that
hit Lyfa’s withered wings.
“Wh...!?”

Lyfa hurriedly turned around to see - in close formation they
came through the open door dressed in shiny green new armor. It was
the soldiers of Sylph.

One look showed her that their equipment was ancient weapon
class. The large player group, fully dressed in similar shiny new outfits,
rushed past Lyfa like the spring wind and flew toward the canopy.
There were at least 50 of them.
While awestruck Lyfa focused her attention on them, and one by
one name cursors appeared. She could not see their faces because of
the visors, but the names displayed were all those of elite players from
the Sylph territory. The guardian knights heard the heroic roar of the
crowd, suspended their spells aimed for Kirito, and began to move. A
shudder of fear and exhilaration ran up Lyfa’s back. However, they
were not the only group joining to capture the dome.

Several seconds after the last of the elite Sylvain force passed
through the great door another battle cry resounded. They overlapped,
mixing into behemoth-like roars, like that of distant thunder.
The new force that rushed in was considerably smaller than the
Sylvain Force. Lyfa estimated there were around ten. However, each
member of that cavalry was extraordinarily large.

168

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Flying Dragons...!”

Lyfa shouted in surprise. From head to tail, they were several
times larger than a player and covered with iron-gray scales. As proof
that they were not wild monsters the dragons’ forehead, chest, and the
protruding edges of their very long wings were equipped with shiny
metal armor.
From both sides of the dragon forehead armor reins made of
silver chains extended, held firmly by the players straddling the
saddles on their backs. The riders were also fortified with brand new
armor, triangular ears protruding from both sides of their heads, from
the bottom of their back armor a tail that couldn’t be overlooked.

They were without a doubt the Cait Sith’s final weapon, the
Dragon Knights. They were used as a last resort. The legendary
warriors kept in absolute secrecy, never even seen in screenshots, and
now, they were flying in front of Lyfa’s eyes.

Caught in the euphoria, with her blood boiling, Lyfa stood there
with her wings spread taut. Suddenly, she heard someone call out from
behind her:
“Sorry we’re late.”

She quickly turned around and standing there was the figure of
the Sylph Lord, Sakuya, wearing high heeled clogs and dressed casually.
Sidling up next to her was Alicia Rue, Lord of the Cait Siths, who said
that while twitching her ears:

“Sorry, the Leprechaun smiths had to forge the number of
required dragon armor, so it was finished just a bit ago. Even with the
money the Spriggan gave us, our treasury, as well as the Sylphs is now
empty!”

169

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“In other words, both races will go bankrupt if we are annihilated
here.”
Sakuya laughed cooly with crossed arms.

- They came. The two of them, despite the risk of losing their
status as lords, they quickly came. The combined forces of these two
races, overcoming the scramble for resources which was the essence of
MMORPG games, throwing all calculations of risk to the winds, would
surely work effectively to exceed the expectations of the GMs.
“...Thank you ...Thank you, both of you.”

Lyfa could only say those words with her trembling voice. Sure
enough, in this world there were things more important than rules, and
manners, and common sense - that thought filled her heart, and she
was not able to say anything else.

Although the two lords replied in different voices they had the
same tone as they said, ‘We’re now even’, then glared at the canopy
with a stern expression. Sakuya snapped the fan in her right hand.
“Well - we’ll go too!”

Seeing the wall of white guardian knights send out groups to
attack the front Sylph players, Lyfa firmly nodded her head, and the
three kicked off the ground. Kirito was in the center of the dome
engaged in fierce battle, but he seemed to have noticed the arrival of
reinforcements and stopped trying to break through by himself,
leaving some room between him and the knight wall.

Gracefully soaring toward the central part of the Dome, Alicia Rue
held up her right hand and cried out in a lovely, carrying voice.
“Dragon Corps! Prepare the Breath attack!”

170

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

The ten members of the Dragon Knight cavalry hovered in a large
circle around the three, including Lyfa. With their wings spread and
their necks bent in an S-shape, she could see an orange light behind
their teeth.
Next, Sakuya quickly raised the folded red fan.

“Sylph team, prepare for the special attack!”

Arranged in a dense square, the Sylph forces held out their
swords with their right hands above their heads. Emerald green
lightning wrapped around their swords like a filigree.

The guardian knights looked like a swarm of white worms with so
many assembled and issuing queer jarring cries as they approached.
Alicia Rue bit her lips with her long fang, then waiting until the
guardian knights approached the limit, waved her right hand, raised
her voice, and shouted.
“Fire Breath, attack!”

Then all of the breath the ten dragons accumulated was released
in a conflagration of fire. Crimson red lines of fire flew from their
mouths, leaving a trail in the air. Ten pillars of fire struck the guardian
knights surrounding Kirito and the Sylph soldiers.

Dazzling light lit up the whole dome. Moments afterward,
continuous fireballs exploded creating a huge wall of flame. A terrible
explosive sound shook the world. The remains of the guardian knights
were blown in all directions, leaving white flames burning out.
But there seemed to be an infinite number of guardians, new
groups stretching from the wall of flesh, forcibly breaking through the
blazing hellfire. First, as if wanting to swallow Kirito, who was at the
front, it greatly opened its mouth, looking like a liquid spreading out.

171

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

172

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

When the white mass was on the verge of flooding Sakuya sharply
swung her fan downward, shouting:
“Fenrir Storm, release!!”

The Sylph force sharply thrust their long swords in perfect order.
From each of the fifty swords a dazzling green bolt of lightning gushed
out and cut through the air in a zigzag fashion, penetrating deeply into
the group of guardian knights.

Again the world was dyed white by the brilliant flash of light. This
time no explosion occurred, instead thick lightning ran freely, guardian
knights caught in that jaw were blown apart into tiny pieces.

After the second large group was crushed the central portion of
the wall of guardian knights sank down. However, like the surface of a
liquid, the hole made in that wall was quickly filled in from the sides.
It was ‘now or never’, Lyfa was convinced. She instantly
unsheathed her katana and kicked into the air to rush forward. The
lords seemed to have made the same decision. Sakuya’s voice rang
through the air like a whip.
“All troops, charge!”

It was certainly the biggest battle that had ever occurred in that
world. From behind came the intermittent release of Flame Breath,
guardian knights were burned to death and continued to fall one by
one. The warhead formation used by the Sylphs cut down the flocking
giants with their powerful swords, drilling a vast hole into the wall of
meat.
173

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

At the tip of the warhead was the little black Spriggan. His
equipment grade was way weaker than the Sylph warriors, but with
his sword moving beyond god-like speed, anything that his sword
touched was instantly cut and blown apart.

Lyfa flew through a gap that the Sylph warriors opened,
immediately reaching behind Kirito. After blocking the sword of a
guardian knight that was going to attack Kirito’s back Lyfa buried her
katana in its mirror mask. Holding her katana while turning, the neck
of the knight flew away from its body, and the body burned with a
white flame. Kirito turned to Lyfa, and said while moving only his lips.
“Sugu, I leave my back to you.”

“Count on me!!”

She met his eyes and responded wordlessly, then put her back
against his back. The two of them turned round and round, cutting
down the guardian knights that continuously appeared in front of them.
One-on-one, the giant knights shouldn’t be that easy for her to kill.
However, as she stuck to his back and matched his speed, Lyfa felt as
though the knights became slower and slower. No - Maybe her nervous
system accelerated? It had happened in kendo matches before, Lyfa
was enveloped by the sense that she could grasp everything going on
around her.
It felt as though she and Kirito had become one being. With their
nervous system directly connected, the pale electronic pulses flowing
from one to the other. Without looking, she knew how Kirito was
moving behind her. While his sword cut into a guardian knight’s neck,
while turning, Lyfa struck high into the same knight’s neck and finished
it off. On another knight’s mask that Lyfa damaged, Kirito struck the
same place Lyfa had just hit, cutting deeply.

174

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Kirito, Lyfa, the Sylph warriors, and the dragoon brigade moved
like a single white-hot entity, continuing to touch and melt the wall of
guardian knights with no limit, going deeper and deeper. The number
of knights was unlimited, but the amount of space in the dome was
fixed. As long as they continued to progress, the moment would come
sometime.
“Seraaaa!!”

With her spirited shout Lyfa cut a guardian knight in half, it
collapsed and disappeared.

Beyond the last few knights, even if only for an instant, she saw
the zenith of the dome.
“Oooo!!”

With a shout, Kirito moved from behind Lyfa as a black flash of
light rushed toward the gap in the wall of flesh. The last group of
guardian knights approached him from all directions while raising a
cry of resentment to prevent intrusion. They numbered nearly thirty.
“Kirito-kun!!”

Lyfa instinctively swung her katana and threw it at Kirito’s left
hand with all her might.

The green blade spun through the air and settled into his hand as
though it was sucked there.
“U...oooooo —!!”

With a shout that shook the entire dome, Kirito held the
greatsword in his right hand and the katana in his left. They shot out
with fearsome speed in a dual attack.
175

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

176

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Cutting down from the upper right. Cutting up from the lower left.
Two shining swords changed angles slightly and drew a snow-white
circle that looked just like the corona of a solar eclipse. The bodies of
knights that got caught in his ultra-speed slashing were cut to pieces
like paper, spreading out into the surroundings.

This time it was clearly visible beyond the End Flame of the ring
of white flame. Entangled like a mesh of tree branches at the center of
the canopy of the dome, was a circular gate divided into pieces by a
cross. Spanning the trunks of the World Tree, the final gate leading to
Alfheim, the castle up at the top of the tree.

The small figure in black continued to fly toward the gate, pulling
a tail of light behind him. He arrived. At last.

In front of Lyfa’s eyes, the bodies of the guardian knights were
quickly and repeatedly piled up and filled any open space in an instant.
Sakuya, who noticed that Kirito broke through the defensive line,
shouted from the rear:
“Everyone fall back, retreat!”

Evading together with the Sylph team while diving with the
support of Fire Breath attacks, Lyfa, for a moment, looked back in the
direction of the canopy. She was unable to see Kirito’s figure due to the
wall of guardians, but reflected in the eye of Lyfa’s heart, rose the
figure aiming for the place that no one had ever reached, rising higher
and higher.
Fly - Go - Go anywhere! Through the giant tree, soar through the
sky, to the heart of the world -!

177

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

***

I thought my mental nerves would burn out, considering the
speed I rushed through that final distance.

In front of me was a large circular gate made of four tightly shut
parts portrayed by a cross-shaped lithograph. Behind it, she - Asuna
waited. Left behind in that world, along with the other half of my soul.

From behind, the guardian knights’ screams resounded, full of
anger. They turned around and it seemed as though they were about to
pursue me. Then the knights reappeared from the canopy around the
gate without even a flash of light and rushed toward me as they caught
me in their sights.

However, I was quicker. The gate was already just an arm’s length
away.
But - but.

“...It won’t open...!?”

I unintentionally cried out at the unexpected situation.

The gate wouldn’t open. Before, I thought if I just got closer that
annoying, large door would open, but it was tightly closed, blocking my
path and its cross shaped parts wouldn’t budge a bit.

From there on, there was no time to slow down. I was poised with
my sword in my right hand at waist level, and hoping to shatter the
gate in one blow, rushed toward it, becoming one with my sword.

Just after that I hit the gate with a terrible shock. The tip of my
sword struck the stone block, violently spraying intense sparks. But the surface didn’t have a scratch.

178

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Yui - what is going on!?”

I cried out in confusion. No way, was that not enough? Do we not
only have to break through the guardian knights, but need some type
of item or flag as well?

About to follow the impulse to swing my sword again, Yui flew
out of my pocket with a bell-like ting-a-ling. She gently placed her
hands on the stone of the gate.
“Papa.”

She turned her head, and quickly said:

“The door isn’t locked by a quest flag or otherwise! It is simply
this way because of the system administrator.”
“Wh - What do you mean!?”

“In other words... the door is something a player would never be
able to open!”
“Wha....”

I was speechless.

This means the grand quest - that the race which climbs the
World Tree and reaches the City in the Sky would be reborn as true
fairies, was like hanging a carrot in front of a rabbit’s nose knowing it
would never be able to reach it? Beyond the fact that it exceeds the
limits in terms of difficulty, then there’s a lock that could never be
opened without the key called system authority...?
I felt my body lose all strength. Behind me, the cries of the
guardian knights rushed over me like a tsunami. However, the will
power that allowed me to grasp my sword again wouldn’t spring out
anymore.

179

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

‘- Asuna, I’ve come so far... just a little further, until I can reach
you... That piece of your warmth, was that our last contact...?’
‘- No. Wait. That is, that’s certainly...’

My eyes went wide. With my left hand, I fumbled in my back
pocket. There. A small card. What Yui had said, that it was the system
access code...
“Yui - use this!”

I held the silver card out in front of Yui’s eyes. Yui’s eyes widened
for an instant, then she nodded deeply.

Her small hand brushed against the surface of the card. Several
streaks of light flowed from the card into Yui.
gate.

“Code copying!”

She cried out, then slammed both palms onto the surface of the

I was dazzled by the bright light and squinted my eyes. Where her
hands touched, bright blue lines radiated out, and right after, the gate
itself started shining.
“- We will be transferred!! Papa, hold onto my hand!!”

Yui stretched out her right hand and firmly grasped the fingertip
of my left hand. The line of light channeled through her body flowed
into mine.
Suddenly, the queer voice of the guardian knights echoed from
right behind us. Although I braced myself, dozens of large swords
hurtled toward me. However, those swords passed through me as
though they had totally lost substance. No, I was beginning to become
transparent. My body faded and melted into light.

180

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“- !!”

Suddenly, I was pulled forward. Yui and I turned into a torrent of
data and were then sucked into the gate, which had changed into a
glowing white screen.
My lapse of awareness was over in an instant.

I shook my head a few times trying to throw off the lingering
sensation of the transfer while blinking my eyes. This was similar to
the use of teleportation crystals in Aincrad, but instead of the familiar
bustle of a gate square I was surrounded by complete silence.

I slowly stood up from the posture which I found myself in with
one knee on the ground. In front of me was a concerned looking Yui.
She was not in the little pixie form anymore, but the original, with the
appearance of a girl about ten years old.
“Are you all right, Papa?”
“Yeah... This is...?”

I looked at my surroundings while nodding.

However you put it - it was a very strange place. Totally unlike
the new ‘game’ feel of the excessively elaborate, decorated streets of
Sylvain and Aarun. Everything I could see gave a blank impression,
there were only white walls with no texture or detail.

I was somewhere in the middle of a passage of some sort. Rather
than straight, it gently curved to the right. Looking back, it was
similarly curved. It seemed to be a very long curve, or perhaps circular
passage.
181

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“...I don’t understand, there seems to be no map data for
navigating this place...”
Yui said with a puzzled look.

“Do you know where Asuna is?”

When asked, Yui closed her eyes for an instant, then nodded
deeply.
“Yes, it’s very - very close. Upwards... this way.”

Kicking off the floor with her bare feet extending from her white
dress, she turned and started running without making a sound. I
returned the sword that I still held in my right hand to my back then
hurriedly followed. The katana that should have been in my left hand
had disappeared. Perhaps, when I was transferred, it had returned to
Lyfa, who was the owner of the original system data. If she had not
thrown me that sword, I definitely would not have been able to break
through the last wall. I closed my eyes for a moment and silently
prayed words of gratitude toward the sensation that remained in my
left hand.

After following Yui for a few dozen seconds a square door came
into view on the left, the outer wall of the curve. It didn’t have a single
decoration either.
“It seems to be possible to reach the top from here.”

I nodded at her words as she came to a stop and looked around
the door - my posture went rigid instantly.

There were two triangular buttons lined up, one pointing up, the
other pointing down. It was something I had never seen in this world,
182

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

but nonetheless, it was very familiar in the real world. I could only
think they were the buttons of an elevator.

Suddenly and strangely, with my body wrapped in battle garb and
a sword strapped to my back, I frowned feeling out of place. No - it’s
this place that is strange. If these buttons were as I suspected, then this
could no longer be thought of as the game world. Then... What is this
place?
But that doubt only crossed my mind for a moment. I am good
anywhere. As long as Asuna is there.

I touched the arrow pointing up with no hesitation. Soon, the
doors slid open with a pong sound effect, exposing a small box-shaped
room beyond. Entering the room with Yui I turned around and sure
enough, there was a panel of buttons lined up next to the door. The
button representing the current floor was lit and there seemed to be
two more floors above that one. After hesitating slightly I pressed the
top button.

The sound effect rang out again. The door closed and I was
wrapped in an unmistakable rising sensation.

The elevator soon stopped. Beyond the open door was a curved
passage similar to the one we just left. Facing Yui, who was tightly
grasping my right hand, I said:
“Is this the right floor?”

“Yes. - Already, just... just around the corner.”

While saying so, Yui pulled my hand and began running.

For additional tens of seconds I tried to suppress my frantic
heartbeat while running through the passage. We came near a few

183

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

doors on the inner circumference, but Yui went by without sparing a
glance toward them.
Eventually, Yui came to a halt in an empty place.
“...What happened? “

“On the other side of this... a passage...”

Yui stroked the smooth wall on the outer circumference while
muttering. Abruptly her hand stopped, and like the time with the gate,
blue lines of light zigzagged at right angles while running along the
surface of the wall.

Suddenly the thick lines separated a square from the wall, then
the interior was annihilated with a banging sound. Inside, the dull and
uninteresting passage extended straight ahead after all.

When Yui silently set foot into the passage, she began to run at
increasingly higher speed. Seeing the tender look on her face, unable to
bear the thought of waiting even one more second, I was convinced
that Asuna was close.

Hurry, hurry. I wholeheartedly prayed from the bottom of my
heart while advancing earnestly. Before long the passage ended ahead
and a door with four corners blocked the way. Yui, without even
bothering to stop, extended her left hand and forcefully pushed the
door open.
“—!!”

In front of us we could see the huge setting sun.

The infinite sunset sky wrapped around the world. I noticed there
was a slightly uncomfortable feeling about the view of this place. This
184

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

place was set at an extremely high altitude, you can see the gently
drawn curve of the horizon. The wind was ringing strongly.
Inevitably, I recalled that moment.

Asuna and I sat side by side watching as the floating castle
disappeared, dissolving into the eternal sunset. She raised her voice,
her words floating to my ear.
“We will be together forever.”

“Ah - yes. I have returned.”

After muttering that, I turned my glance to my feet.

Where once there was a crystal floor, now there was a terribly
thick tree branch.

My vision, which had been constricted by the crimson sunset,
again widened. Overhead, the tree branched out in all directions,
extending dense foliage on all sides, like a pillar that supported the
heavens. Below, uncountable branches extended in my vision. Even
farther down on the ground, beyond the vast ocean of clouds, I could
see a flowing river faintly meandering in green meadows.
That was the top of the World Tree. The place Lyfa... Suguha
constantly dreamed of seeing, the top of the world.
However —

I slowly looked around. There, the trunk of the World Tree stood
like a wall stretching on forever as it branched off.
“There is no... City in the Sky...”

I whispered while dumbfounded. It only had some tasteless white
passages. Such a thing couldn’t be the legendary City in the Sky. To

185

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

begin with, it was necessary to generate some sort of event to mark the
end of a grand quest. After breaking through the gate of the dome was
complete I could hear no fanfare.

In other words, it was all an empty gift box. Decorated in
wrapping paper and adorned with ribbons that are meant to hide the
hollow lie. Speaking of that, what should I say to Lyfa, who dreamed of
being reborn as a high-ranking fairy?
“...This is unforgivable...”

I spoke without thinking. Against the person or group who was
running this world.

Suddenly, I felt a gentle tug on my right hand. Yui looked up at me
with a worried look.
“Ah, that’s right. Let’s go.”

Everything was to rescue Asuna. I came here just for that.

In front of my eyes a big branch of the tree stretched toward the
setting sun. In the center of the branch was an artificial path. The road
ahead, beyond the treetops standing in the sun - was reflecting golden
light. Aiming for that light Yui and I began running. I desperately
suppressed my irritation and a desire that seemed like it would catch
fire at any second, and advanced forward on the tree path. My
perception accelerated, making an instant seem to stretch on infinitely,
so what seemed to me to be an instant could have been many seconds
or even minutes.

Passing through an area of dense strangly-shaped leaves, the path
continued. Whenever the branch intersected with another one, there
would be up and down stairs to go past it. I would just beat my wings
once and jump over.

186

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

The nature of the shining golden light in question became
apparent over time. It was a combination of vertical and horizontal
metal bars forming a metal lattice - no, it was a birdcage.

Above the big branch we were running on another branch ran
parallel to it, and from that branch hung the orthodox birdcage.
However, it was extraordinarily large. It wouldn’t be able to shut in a
bird of prey, much less the smaller birds. That’s right - it seemed to
have another purpose —

I was reminded of the conversation in Agil’s shop, from a memory
that seemed so far away it might as well be from ancient times. The five
players that had piggybacked to bypass the altitude limit and taken
screenshots. The photos they took portrayed a mysterious girl trapped
in a birdcage. Yes, definitely. It was Asuna - Asuna would be in there.

There was a strong conviction in that little hand tightly holding
my right hand, pulling me forward. We hurtled so fast we practically
glided though the air, then we jumped over the final staircase.

The path carved into the branch suddenly narrowed as it ran
below the cage, and then it ended.

I could already see clearly inside the golden birdcage. One big
plant and various potted flowers littered the white tile floor. In the
center was a big bed with a luxurious canopy. Next to it was a round
white table with a tall chair. A girl was sitting in the chair with her
hands together on the table and her head bowed with the aura of
someone praying.

Long, flowing, straight hair was hanging down her back. She was
wearing the same type of dress as Yui but more diaphanous. Thin
wings extended elegantly from her back. Everything was illuminated in
the brilliant red light of the setting sun.

187

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I couldn’t see her face. However, I understood. There was no way
I wouldn’t know. Like a magnetic force, my soul was drawn to her with
a nearly visible flash that sparked between the two of us.
At that moment, the girl - Asuna quickly lifted her face.

Maybe it’s because of my deep yearning, but that beautiful shape
already seemed to have been sublimated into a more light-filled
concept of familiarity. Sometimes it was a smart beauty, like a
sharpened sword. Other times, a mischievous friendly warmth. Her
face, that was always beside me during those short but nostalgic days
together, was at first filled with pure surprise. Then both of her hands
rose to cover her mouth while moisture collected in those big hazel
eyes, overflowing to form tears.

Taking the last few steps with a winged jump, I whispered in a
voice that did not become sound.
“- Asuna.”

Yui cried out at the same time, too.
“Mama... Mama!!”

At the end of the path where it ran into the cage there was a
square door made of a dense metal lattice inset with a small metal
plate that seemed to be a locking mechanism. Although the door was
closed Yui didn’t slow down while pulling me. Instead, she stretched
out her right hand and held it above her left side. Her hand was
enveloped in a blue glow.

Then she waved her hand to the right. At the same time the door
quickly blew off as if it was just a metal plate. The door soon became
light particles and dispersed, quickly disappearing.
188

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Yui released my hand and with both arms outstretched, cried out
again.
“Mama -!!”

She rushed straight through the entrance into the birdcage.

Kicking away her chair, Asuna stood up. She removed her hands
from her mouth, and from her lips, a trembling but clear voice issued.
“- Yui-chan!!”

Then Yui kicked off the floor, jumping straight into Asuna’s chest.
Black hair mixed with chestnut hair and danced in the sky, appearing
maroon in the sunset.
Yui and Asuna hugged each other tightly, nuzzling each other’s
cheeks and calling out once again to make sure.
“Mama....”

“Yui... -chan...”

The tears of the two ran down their faces and disappeared in the
light of the setting sun, shining like flames.

I relaxed the force that was propelling me forward and quietly
walked to Asuna, stopping a few steps in front of her. Asuna lifted her
face, and blinking away her tears, looked at me face to face.

The same as that time, I couldn’t move. If I moved any closer and
touched her, everything might disappear... Anyway, my current shape
is very different from that time. The Spriggan’s dark skin and my
spiked hairstyle, I had nothing in common with the Kirito of that time.
Holding back my tears, I could do nothing but stare at her.
But just like that time, Asuna’s lips moved, and called my name.

189

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“- Kirito-kun.”

After a moment of silence, my mouth moved and called her name.
“...Asuna.”

I took the last two steps forward, arms open. I wrapped her
delicate body with mine, holding her tightly to my chest with Yui
nestled between us. The nostalgic fragrance drifted around me and her
nostalgic warmth soaked into my body.

“...I’m sorry it took me so long.” I muttered in a trembling voice.
Asuna looked into my eyes from point-blank range and replied.
“No, I believed in you. I was certain - that you would come to
help...”

More words were already unnecessary. Asuna and I closed our
eyes and buried our faces in each others necks. Both of Asuna’s hands
were behind my back, holding me firmly. A contented sigh from Yui
seemed to leak between us.
- This is good enough. I thought.

If this became my last moment I would have no regrets, even as
my life burned out. The life that was supposed to have been over with
that world, finally concludes here, just for this...
No, that wasn’t it. Finally, it starts here. Here, that world of
swords and battle would end at last and we would finally set out for
the new world named reality, together.
I looked up and said:

“Let’s go home. To the real world.”
190

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

191

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

After the embrace I firmly grasped Asuna’s hand, and Yui held
onto Asuna’s other hand. I looked at Yui’s face and inquired:
“Yui, is it possible to log Asuna out from here?”

Yui wrinkled her eyebrows for a moment, then shook her head.

“Mama’s status is bound by a complex code. A system console is
required to unlock it.”
“Console...”

Asuna said in a nervous voice, tilting her head.

“I think I saw one on the lowest level of the laboratory... Ah, the
laboratory is...”
“You mean in that empty white hallway?”

“Yeah. ...You came through there?”
“Yes.”

I nodded my head, Asuna frowned while looking at me, seeming
disturbed.
“Did you see anything... strange?”
“No, I never met anyone...”

“...It’s possible a subordinate of Sugou was hanging around... Just
cut them with your sword!”
“Wha... Sugou!?”

At Asuna’s mention of that name, I was surprised but at the same
time convinced.
“This is that guy... Sugou’s work? To imprison Asuna here.”

192

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Yes. - Not only that, Sugou is doing horrible things here...”

Asuna started to say, practically radiating resentment, but shook
her head immediately.

“We’ll continue this conversation after we return to the real
world. Sugou is not at the company now. We can take this chance to get
access to the server and free everybody... Let’s go!”

Although there were many things I wanted to ask, my top priority
was getting Asuna back to the real world. I nodded and turned around.

Pulling Asuna who was holding Yui’s hand, I began to run toward
the blown off door at the entrance. Taking two steps, three steps, just
as we were about to reach the edge of the cage, at that time.
- Someone was watching us.

Suddenly, I felt an unpleasant sensation sizzling on the back of my
neck. It was the exact same feeling I got in SAO when I was being
targeted by an orange PKer instead of a monster hidden in the
shadows.

I quickly let go of Asuna’s hand and grabbed the hilt of my sword.
Ready to pull out my sword, I moved my hand slightly. At that
moment...
Suddenly, the birdcage was filled with water. It felt like we were
wrapped in a dark, highly viscous liquid.

No, that wasn’t it. It was possible to breathe, but the air seemed to
become abnormally heavy. Although I could move my body, as if we
were in a sticky mucus I felt tremendous resistance. My body was
heavy. It was painful to stand. At the same time the light faded from the
world. The sunset in the birdcage was blotted out by darkness.

193

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“- What is this!?”

Asuna cried out. Her voice was distorted, as though it was coming
from deep underwater.

I tried to keep hold of Asuna and Yui and draw them closer
despite the extraordinarily unpleasant feeling, but - I couldn’t move my
body at all. The air was sticky, moving with a consciousness like vines
tying me up.

Finally, the world was shrouded in complete darkness. No, it was
a little different. I could see Asuna and Yui in their one piece dresses
clearly. But the view of the background seemed to be painted over with
a deep black.

I gritted my teeth and moved my right hand. I should have been
close to the lattice of the bird cage. I extended my hand, thinking to pull
my body from that space - but my hand touched nothing.

It wasn’t only an appearance. We had been thrown into a world of
darkness, there was no telling where it was.
“Yui -”

‘What is the situation’, I was about to say. But from Asuna’s arms,
Yui suddenly arched her back and screamed.
“Eek! Papa... Mama... Watch out! There is something really bad
here...”

Before she even finished those words, purple lightning started
shining from Yui’s body, and with a dazzling flash - Asuna arms were
empty.
“Yui!?”

“Yui-chan -!?”

194

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Asuna and I shouted at the same time. But there was no answer.

In the thick and sticky true black darkness, only me and Asuna
were left. I reached out desperately, wanting to be nearer to Asuna.
Wide-eyed, Asuna reached out anxiously.
However, right before our fingertips were about to touch, we
were hit with tremendous gravity.

It was like we were thrown into the bottom of a deep, deep
swamp of mucus. I couldn’t endure it, the pressure overwhelmed my
whole body and I fell to one knee. Asuna fell down at the same time,
thrusting both hands at the invisible floor.
Asuna looked at me, mouth moving slightly.

“Kirito... -kun...”

‘It’s all right, I will protect you no matter what’, I was going to
reply. At that moment a high-pitched laugh echoed throughout the
darkness.

“Hey, what do you think about this magic? It’s scheduled to be
introduced in the next update, but perhaps the effects are too strong?”

That voice loaded with so much mockery that it couldn’t be kept
in check, it was familiar. The man who, in front of the sleeping Asuna,
ridiculed me, calling me hero.
“- Sugou!!”

I shouted as I struggled to stand up.

“No no, in this world, please refrain from calling me by that name.
Not even using an honorific when calling your king’s name. You may
call me the Fairy King, His Majesty, Oberon!!”
195

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

His last words jumped up a few octaves, turning into an
exclamation. At the same time something struck my head.

Turning my head a little bit, a man was standing next to me. All I
could see were the feet, wrapped in boots covering gaudily
embroidered tights, which he moved to the left and right on top of my
head.

When I lifted my eyes I could see he was wearing long clothes in a
poisonous green color, and above that is a face that looked perfectly
made. No - it really was an artificial face. Starting at zero with polygon
modeling, it was a handsome face distorted by its twisted expression,
making it truly ugly. His red lips were hugely distorted, making it look
like he was grinning.

Even if his appearance was different, I know this guy was Sugou.
The man who confined Asuna’s soul in such a place, a man for whom
hate just wasn’t enough.
“Oberon – no, Sugou!”

Asuna was almost lying on the ground, but she raised her face,
shouting courageously.
“The things you have done, I’ve seen them with my own eyes!!
Those terrible deeds - you won’t get away with it, never!!”

“Oh? Who is going to stop me? You, or maybe him? Or maybe
God? Unfortunately, there is no God in this world. Apart from me, hehe!”
Sugou said with his voice mixing together with that annoying
laugh as he stepped down on my head, hard. Unable to endure the
pressure from the gravity, I was pushed to the floor.
“Stop this, you coward!!”

196

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Asuna yelled, but Sugou did not lend an ear to her cries. Instead,
bending over me, he extracted my sword from the sheathe on my back.
Standing up, he held it up with his forefinger then spun it around.

“- Well, Kirigaya-kun, no... I should call you Kirito. I did not think
you would actually come here. Is it bravery or stupidity? Since you are
in this situation it must be the latter, hehe. I heard that my little bird
had escaped from her cage. Thinking that this time she must be
punished I hurriedly returned, but what a surprise! It seems a
cockroach had gotten lost in the cage! - Come to think of it, there was
also that one strange program...” Sugou paused, and waving his left
hand, quickly brought out his menu window. His lips curved while he
looked at the luminescent blue screen for a moment, and humming in a
nasal tone, he closed the window.
“...It escaped? What was that anyway? In the first place, how did
you climb up to this place?”
Knowing that at least Yui hadn’t been deleted, I felt slightly
relieved and said:
“I flew here, with this pair of wings.”

“- Well, alright. I’ll understand if I ask the contents of your head
directly.”
“...What?”

“You didn’t think that I would make this kind of place while
raving drunk right?”

While bouncing my sword with his finger, Sugou wore a smile
that dripped venom.
197

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“With the devoted cooperation of former SAO players, my
research into the fundamental operations of thought and memory is
already 80% complete. A little more and I will be able to control the
soul which no one has ever accomplished. That has always been called
the work of god! Besides, I have happily obtained a new experimental
body today. It makes me so happy. Looking through your memories,
rewriting your emotions!! Just the thought of it makes me tremble!!”
“No way... that, you can do that...”

I whispered while I was still trying to master my disbelief after
that far too insane speech. Sugou put his foot on my head again,
tapping his toes.

“You learned nothing and connected using Nerve Gear right?
Then it puts you in the exact same position as my other experimental
bodies. Afterall, children are stupid. Even a dog remembers what not to
do once it gets kicked. “
“That... That kind of thing will not be forgiven, Sugou!!”

Asuna shouted with a bloodless face.

“If you put a hand on Kirito, I’ll never forgive you!!”

“Little bird, it is near the day when I’ll be able to turn your hatred
into absolute obedience with the flip of a switch.”
After Sugou said that with an intoxicated expression, he held my
sword and caressed the blade with the fingertips of his left hand.

“Well, let’s have a fun party before I change your soul! Yeah...
finally, I’ve long been waiting for this moment. Since the best guest has
shown up, it’s worth waiting till the limit of my patience!!”
Sugou turned around, opening his arms wide.

198

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Now, I am recording all logs of this space! Show me a good look!!”
“......”

Asuna bit her lip, and staring into my eyes, whispered quickly.

“...Kirito-kun, log out right now. In the real world you can expose
Sugou’s plot. I will be fine.” “Asuna...!”

I felt torn in two directions for a moment. But immediately
nodded and waved my left hand. If there was this much information, it
was likely I could get a rescue team without physical evidence. As long
as we could control RECTO Progress’ ALO server, everything would
head toward being solved.
- But. The window did not appear.
“Ahahahahahaha!!”

Sugou bent over, holding his stomach as he convulsed in laughter.

“I told you, this is my world! Nobody can escape from here!!”

Sugou danced around happily, suddenly lifting his left hand. After
his fingers manipulated the menu two chains seemed to fall from the
sky in the endless darkness with a jangling sound.

There was a jarring metallic sound as they hit the floor. Wide
metal rings hung from the end of the chains, Sugou took one of the
rings and placed it around Asuna’s right wrist with a noisy ‘kaching’
sound. Then, the chain extending into the darkness was tugged lightly.
“Kya!”

The chain was drawn up suddenly and Asuna’s right hand was
lifted up high. Her toes were barely touching the floor when the chains
stopped.

199

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“You bastard... what are you...!”

I cried out, but Sugou did not even spare me a look while
humming a song and taking hold of the other handcuff ring.

“I did have a variety of toys prepared. Well, I will start over here
first.”

While saying that, the ring was shackled to Asuna’s left wrist and
the chain was retracted. With the other side drawn up, Asuna was
suspended in mid-air with the appearance she was being hauled up by
both hands. Seemingly still under the influence of intense gravity, the
curvature of her elegant eyebrows was distorted.

As Sugou stood before Asuna with his arms crossed, he gave her a
vulgar whistle.
“How nice, this face can’t be made by an NPC woman after all.”
“...!”

Asuna glared at Sugou and shut her eyelids tightly with her head
bowed. Sugou chuckled, a ‘kuku’ sound emerging from the back of his
throat, as he turned and slowly walked behind Asuna. He took a bunch
of her long hair in hand and inhaled, taking a deep breath of its scent.
“Mmm, a good fragrance. It was a struggle to reproduce the scent
of the real world’s Asuna-kun. I wanted you to appreciate the effort of
bringing the analyzer to the hospital room.”
“Stop... Sugou!!”

An unbearable anger pierced through my whole body. Red flames
ran throughout my nerves, in an instant the pressure holding my body
blew away.
“Gu... oh...”

200

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I propped myself up with my right hand and tore my body off the
floor. Standing on one knee, I gradually lifted myself using all of the
power in my body.

Sugou made a dramatic gesture at his waist with his left hand
while shaking his head from side to side. He walked in front of me
twisting his mouth.

“My, my, the audience should behave... and stay there grovelling!!”

Standing right beside me, he suddenly kicked both my legs. I lost
my support and slammed to the floor.
“Guhah!!”

My lungs were emptied from the impact, involuntarily making
that sound. With my hands once again propped on the floor my head
looked upwards. Sugou hung a venomous smile across his lips - while
holding my sword in his right hand he stabbed me in the back without
remorse.
“Gah...!”

The flames coursing through my nerves were extinguished by the
sensation of thick metal piercing through my body. The center of my
chest was pierced through by the sword, which seemed to be deeply
rooted in the floor. Though there was no pain, I was being assaulted by
intense discomfort.
fine’.

“Ki... Kirito-kun!!”

Hearing Asuna’s cry, I met her gaze while trying to tell her ‘I’m

However, faster than my voice could come out, Sugou suddenly
spoke out to the darkness in the sky above with a booming voice.

201

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“System command! Pain Absorption, change to level 8.”

That moment, a sharp cone of pure pain spread through my back,
as if I was stabbed.
“G... Guh...”

When a groan leaked out of my mouth, Sugou howled in laughter.

“Kukuku, there’s still two more treats for you. The pain will get
stronger gradually so look forward to enjoying it. When it gets lower
than level 3, I’m afraid it seems you’ll still feel the symptoms of shock
even after logging out.”

With a clap of his hands as if he were saying ‘Now then...’, he
returned to behind Asuna.
her.

“F-... Free Kirito-kun right now, Sugou!”

Asuna cried, but of course, Sugou showed no sign of having heard

“You know, I hate brats like that the most. Although he has
neither the ability or the background, a noisy insect. Kuku, like insects
in the specimen box, they must be pinned and stopped. Besides, you’re
hardly in the condition to worry about him, are you little bird?”

From behind Asuna, Sugou stretched out his right hand and
stroked her cheek with his index finger. Asuna twisted her neck trying
to avoid it, but it didn’t happen as she wanted due to the severe gravity.
His finger crept about her face and before long moved down to her
neck. Asuna’s face was distorted in disgust.
“Stop... Sugou!”

I cried out, while desperately trying to push up my body. Asuna
gave a resolute smile and with a trembling voice, said:

202

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“- Do not worry, Kirito-kun. I won’t be hurt by such a thing.”

That moment, a squeaky laughter with a ‘kiki’ sound came from
Sugou.

“It has to be like this, after all. How long do you think your pride
will sustain you - 30 minutes? An hour? Perhaps a whole day? Prolong
it as long as possible, this pleasure!!”

While shouting, he grabbed the red ribbon at the collar of Asuna’s
dress with his right hand. As he pulled, the cloth stretched and tore.
The thin blood-red ribbon fluttered through the air without a sound
and landed on the ground before my eyes.

From the torn dress the pure white skin of her chest was greatly
exposed. Asuna’s face was distorted in humiliation and her eyes shut
so tightly she shook.

Sugou bent back, laughing with a smirk while stretching his right
hand out to Asuna’s bare skin. His lips opened in the shape of a
crescent moon and he stuck out his vivid red tongue. While making a
sound of dripping mucus, he licked from below Asuna’s cheek up.
“Ku, ku, shall I tell you what I am thinking about?”

Sugou said in a voice tinged with a fevered madness while his
tongue was still sticking out near Asuna’s ear.

“Once I fully enjoy this place I’ll go to your hospital room. If I lock
the door and turn off the camera, that room becomes a secret room.
You and I, just the two of us. I’ll set up a large monitor and run today’s
recording and enjoy myself with the other you! I’ll take my time and go
carefully. After all, it is your real body. After taking the purity of your
heart here, I’ll take the purity of your body there!! So fun, a truly
unique experience!!”

203

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Sugou’s shrill laugh turned my guts inside out as it echoed in the
darkness.

Asuna opened her eyes wide for a moment, her lips courageously
pulled tight.

However, the fear she couldn’t control collected in the corners of
her eyes. As the two tears dripped down her long eyelashes Sugou’s
tongue licked them up.
“Ah... sweet, so sweet! Come on, cry for me some more!!”

A white-hot rage that could incinerate everything pierced straight
through my head, scattering violent sparks through my vision.
“Sugou... you bastard... YOU BASTAAAARD!!”

I screamed, recklessly moving my limbs as I tried to stand up. But
the sword through me did not even budge.
I felt tears overflowing from both of my eyes. Crawling like an
unsightly insect and struggling, I roared.

“You bastard... I’ll kill you!! KILL!! I WILL DEFINITELY KILL YOU!!”

I cried, but all that was drowned out by Sugou’s mad-sounding
laughter.
Right now, if I could borrow power...

My fingertips scratched at the floor, praying to move even a single
millimeter forward.
Right now, if I were granted the power to stand up, any price
would be fine. Take away my life, my soul, everything, I would not care.
Whether it be a demon or a devil, it did not matter as long as that man

204

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

was cut down and defeated. As long as Asuna was returned to the place
she belonged.
Sugou stroked Asuna’s arm and leg with both hands, caressing
them. Every move of his hand was probably causing a strong pulse of
sensory stimulation in her. Asuna bit her lips so hard she started
bleeding, enduring the humiliation.

With that figure in my vision, I felt my thoughts turning white, cut
off by a searing white sensation. The flames of anger and despair
consumed me. My remaining thought processes were turned to ash. If
my soul became like the color of a lump of dry bones, I would not have
to think. There would be no need to think.
If I had a sword, I thought I could do anything. Because I was the
hero who stood at the top of 10,000 swordsmen. I defeated the demon
king, the hero who saved the world.

The virtual world was merely assembled based on the marketing
theory of companies, simply a game. Being caught up in thinking it was
another reality, I was deluded into thinking that the strength gained in
that world was real strength. Freed from the world of SAO - or expelled,
after returning to the real world, was I not disappointed with my
meager body of flesh? Somewhere in my heart, did I not yearn to
return to that world, the world where I was the strongest hero? Which
is why you, after learning of Asuna’s mind being in a new game world,
thought you could do something about it with your own power and
came blindly. When the thing you truly should have done was to leave
it to the adults with power in the real world. After regaining the
illusory power once again, overwhelming the other players, was it not
to please myself by satisfying my ugly pride?
205

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Then this result - was what I deserved. That’s right, you were only
using the power granted by someone else, getting excited like an
innocent kid. Merely having one ID could not overwhelm something
called system administration privileges. Only one thing was certain,
regret. If I didn’t like it, I had to abandon the thought.
『Running away?』
- Not so, I acknowledged the reality.
『Do you surrender? To the power of the system you have

defeated before?』

- It can’t be helped. I am a player, that guy is a game master.
『Those are words that defile that battle. Where I was made to
recognize that the power of the human will can surpass the system,
made to comprehend the possibilities of the future, our battle.』
- Battle? Such a thing is nonsense. Isn’t it simply a thing that
would increase or decrease numbers?

206

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

『You should know that isn’t so. Now stand. Stand and take hold of

the sword.』

『- STAND, KIRITO-KUN!!』
That voice was like a thundering roar, it tore through my
consciousness like lightning.

The senses that had been fading seemed to reconnect in an
instant. My eyes opened widely.
“Wu... oh...”

Leaked from my throat in a hoarse voice.

“O.... OOoh...”

I clenched my teeth and put my right hand to the floor, pushing
myself to my elbows with a voice that sounded like the cry from a beast
near death.
When I tried to lift my body, the sword which had pierced
through the middle of my spine hung with an overwhelming pressure.

- I can’t stay grovelling miserably under such a thing. This attack
with no soul, surrendering to it was unforgivable. The barrage of every
blade in that world was more heavy. More painful.
“Wu... Gu, ooh!!”

Together with the short roar, I used all the power of my body and
soul to lift myself up. With a dull ‘shuit’ sound the sword left the floor,
slipped out of my back, and rolled to the ground.

207

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Sugou stared with a dumbfounded expression as I staggered to
my feet. Soon, he made a displeased face and took his hands away from
Asuna’s body, shrugging theatrically.
“My my, I thought I had fixed the coordinates of the object, I
wonder if it still has a strange bug. When it comes to our management
team’s incompetence......”

He muttered as he walked toward me. Raising his right fist, he
sent it flying to punch my cheek.
I stretched out my left hand, grabbing his fist in midair.
“Oh...?”

I looked into Sugou’s surprised eyes, opening my mouth. A set of
words echoed in the depths of my mind, I repeated them.
“System Login. ID «Heathcliff». Password.....”

The gravity which was wrapped around my body disappeared as
soon as I finished reciting the complex series of alphanumeric
characters.
“Wha... What!? What is that ID!?”

When Sugou bared his teeth and cried out in surprise, he shook
off my hand and flew back a step. He waved his left hand downward
and a blue system menu appeared.

Before that guy could even move a finger, a Voice Command
emitted from my mouth.

“System command. Supervisor Authority Change. ID «Oberon» to
level 1.”
208

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

In a split second, the window disappeared from under Sugou’s
hand. He stared with his eyes looking back and forth several times
between my face and the empty space where the window was, waving
his left hand again in frustration.
However, nothing would happen. The scroll of magic which gave
Sugou the power of the Fairy King wouldn’t emerge.
“A... An ID of a higher rank than mine...? Unbelievable... This
shouldn’t be possible... I am the ruler... The creator... The Emperor of
this world... God...”
Sugou kept talking in a high-pitched voice that sounded like an
audio sample played back at high speed. I spoke while looking at the
pretty face collapsed into ugliness.

“That isn’t so right? You stole it. The world. The residents there. A
thieving king that dances all alone on his stolen throne.”
“Thi... this punk of a kid... me... actually dares to say that to me...
I’ll make you regret it... I’ll take your head off and make it an
ornament...”

Sugou thrust a forefinger bent like a hook at me and screamed in
a shrill voice.
“System Command!! Object ID «Excaliber» Generate!!”

However, the system was no longer responding to Sugou’s voice.

“System Command!! Listen to me you piece of junk!! God... God is
commanding you!!” At his screams, I averted my eyes from Sugou. I
looked at Asuna who was still hanging off of the ground.
Her radiant dress was ripped and only shreds covered her body,
her hair disheveled, and there were streaks of light that were tears on

209

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

her cheeks. But her eyes had not lost their shine. That strong whip did
not break her tenacious spirit.
- It’ll be over soon. Wait just a little more.

I whispered in my mind, looking into Asuna’s hazel-colored eyes.
It was a small motion, but Asuna nodded.
A new flame of anger rose in me when I looked at Asuna’s
oppressed figure. I looked up slightly and said:
“System Command. Object ID «Excaliber» Generate.”

The space before me began to distort when I said that. Minuscule
numbers flowed out in a rush to form a single sword. The color and
texture were given gradually from the tip down. With a blade giving off
a golden gleam, it was a longsword engraved with beautiful
decorations. There was no doubt it was the same weapon that had
been sealed at the end of the dungeon in Jötunheimr. The strongest
sword which was the dream of many players, and it appeared on one
command, not a particularly pleasant feeling.
I grabbed the hilt of the sword and threw it to a wide-eyed Sugou.
After seeing him catch it in a dangerous manner I gently lifted my left
foot.
My sword flew up into the darkness from where it had rolled
before when I stepped hard on its pommel. Rotating through the air, it
dropped toward my right hand with a flash of its blued steel. With a
heavy sound, the sword fell into my hand.

When I had pointed my unwieldy black iron greatsword at Sugou,
I said:
210

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

211

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“It’s time to settle this. The thieving king against the pretend
hero... System Command. Pain Absorption to level 0.”
“Wha... What...?”

Hearing the command to raise the virtual pain without restriction,
the color drained from the cheeks of the Fairy King wielding the golden
sword. He edged back one step, two steps.
“Don’t try to escape. That man had no hesitation whatsoever in
any situation. That - Kayaba Akihiko.”
“Ka... Kaya...”

Hearing that name, Sugou’s face became extremely warped.

“Kayaba... Heathcliff... so it’s you... You’re getting in my way again!!”

Waving the sword in his right hand high above his head, he
screamed in a voice that would tear metal.

“You died! You bit the dust!! Why should you hinder me even in
death!! You were always like this... Always always!! Always making that
face like you understood everything... snatching away all the things I
wanted by the edge!!”

Sugou shouted, suddenly thrusting his sword towards me before
continuing.

“A brat like you... What could you possibly understand!! What it’s
like to be below him... What it means to compete with him, how could
you possibly understand what it’s like!?”

“I understand. I became a servant after being defeated by that
man too. - But I never thought of becoming like him. Unlike you.”
“Brat... This brat... THIS BRAAAAAT!!”

212

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Sugou kicked off the ground with a scream that turned inside out
and brandished his sword. As soon as I observed an opening, I cleave
down the sword in my right hand and the tip of my sword sliced
through the smooth cheek of the Fairy King.
back.

“AAah!!”

Sugou cried as he held his cheek with his left hand and jumped
“It... HUUURTS...!”

The scream from the wide-eyed figure only served to further
ignite my rage. The thought that Asuna was under this man’s
oppression for two months was unbearable. Taking a large step
forward, I brought down my sword. Sugou instinctively raised his right
hand to block and my sword severed his wrist. The hand and the
golden sword being wielded disappeared into the darkness. The sound
of it falling somewhere far away echoed clearly.
“AAAAAAaaah!! Hand... My haaaaand!!”

It was a pseudo-electrical signal, but that was why Sugou would
be feeling pure pain. Of course, it wasn’t enough. There was no way it
could be enough.

I swung my sword with brute force at the green robes wrapping
Sugou’s torso while he was holding onto the stump on his forearm and
moaning.
“Guboaaaa!!”

The stomach of the tall, handsome body was dissected apart in
two equal halves, rolling to the floor with a severe noise. The lower half
213

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

was immediately engulfed in rising white flames and collapsed after
being burned.

Grabbing Sugou’s long wavy blond hair in my left hand, I lifted
him up. He continued to scream in a metallic voice out of a quivering
mouth that was opening and closing, while tears drained from eyes
which were stretched open to the limit.

His figure could only evoke disgust in me. I swung my left hand,
throwing his upper torso straight down.
Holding my greatsword with both hands, I took a stance above
him. Watching the sword drop, he released a harsh scream —
“...Uoooo!!”

I brought the sword down with all of my strength. With a noisy
‘Gatsutsu’ sound, the blade went through Sugou’s right eye and exited
from the back of his head.
“Gyaaaaaaaaa!”

The unpleasant scream echoing in the darkness was like several
thousand broken gears scraping against each other as they turned. The
right eye was divided in two on the left and right sides of my sword.
Sticky white flame erupted, quickly spreading from the head to the
upper body.

He turned ghost-like and kept dissolving, and for the several
seconds before completely disappearing Sugou continued crying
without stop. The scream slowly faded, and before long, the figure
disappeared. Silence returned to the world, and I waved my sword,
scattering the white embers.

214

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

With a gentle swing of my sword, the two chains binding Asuna
shattered and disappeared. I let go of my sword, its job complete. I held
Asuna as she slipped to the ground, her body gone limp.
The energy supporting my body also ran out and I slid to one
knee on the ground. I looked at Asuna in my hands.
“...Ugh...”

The torrent of helpless feelings changed form and began flowing
from my eyes as tears. Tightly holding Asuna’s slender body, my face
buried in her hair, I cried. I couldn’t say anything, I just kept crying.
“- I believed.”

Asuna’s clear voice shook my ears.

“...Yes, I believed. ...Up until now, from here on. You are my hero...
You will always come to help me...”
Gentle hands stroked my hair.

- That’s not it. I... I actually had no power...

However, I took a big breath, and said in a trembling voice.
“...I will do my best to be like that. Now, let’s go back...”

Waving my left hand, a complex system window emerged, it was
really different from normal ones. I intuitively dove into the hierarchy
window, stopping when my finger landed on the transfer-related menu.
Staring into Asuna’s eyes, I said:

“In the real world it is probably already night. But I will go to your
hospital room immediately.”
“Yeah, I’ll wait. It will be nice to see Kirito-kun first.”

215

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Asuna smiled brilliantly. She looked at some far-off place, with
crystal clear eyes, and whispered:
“Ah... finally, it ended. I will return... to that world.”

“That’s right. ...It changed in various ways, you will be surprised.”
“Fufu. Let’s go to a lot of places and do many things.”
“Yeah. - For sure.”

I nodded holding tightly to Asuna and moved my right hand. I
touched the log out button, with my finger-tip glowing blue waiting for
a target, I gently wiped away the tears flowing down Asuna’s cheeks.
Then, blue light wrapped around Asuna’s white body. Little by
little, Asuna became more transparent like crystal. Particles of light
came from her fingers and toes, dancing through the air before
disappearing.

Until Asuna completely disappeared I was holding on to her body
tightly. Finally, the weight in my arms vanished and I was left alone in
the darkness.
For the moment I remained crouching.

In addition to feeling that everything was over, there was also the
feeling of a large amount of progress. Yet this incident caused by
Kayaba’s fantasy and Sugou’s ambition - is this the so-called ending? Or
is it just another big turning point?
I forced myself to stand up somehow with a body that was
running out of energy. I looked above in the dazzling darkness
extending to the depths of the world, and whispered alone.
“ - You’re there aren’t you, Heathcliff.”

216

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

After a moment of silence a rusty voice sounded in my
consciousness, the same one as earlier.

『It has been a long time, Kirito-kun. Though for me - the events of

that day seem like just yesterday.』

It was different this time, as the voice seemed to reach me from
some far-off place.
“ - Are you alive?”

With that short question, I heard an answer after the briefest
instant of silence.
『You could say that I am, and you could say that I’m not. In a

sense, I am - an echo of Kayaba Akihiko’s consciousness, an afterimage.』
“As usual, you’re a person that says things in a confusing way. I’ll
express my gratitude for the time being - at any rate, it would have
been nicer of you to have come out and helped us earlier.”
『......』

The presence of a wry smile being revealed.

『That was unfortunate, my apologies. The time when the
decentralized preservation system connected and awakened my
program was just a bit ago - when I had heard your voice. There is no
need for thanks.』
“...Why?”

『You and I aren’t on friendly enough terms to accept free favors. I

need to have compensation of course, naturally.』
This time it was my turn to smile wryly.

217

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Then tell me what needs to be done.”

Then, from the distant darkness, some kind of - silver shining
object fell. I reached out and it settled into my hands with a faint sound.
It was a small, egg-shaped crystal. Within the crystal a dim light was
blinking.
“This is?”

『It is a world seed.』

“ - What?”

『When it sprouts, you will understand. I entrust you with the
decision of what to do with it afterwards. Deleting it is fine, forgetting
it is fine... However, if you have any feelings other than hatred left for
that world...』

The voice broke off there. Following a short silence, only a curt
farewell descended.
『- Well then, I’ll be going. May we meet again some day, Kirito-

kun.』

Then suddenly, the presence vanished.

I twisted my head around, dropping the shiny egg into my breast
pocket for the meantime. Lost in thought for a while, I lifted my face.
“ - Yui, are you here? Are you okay!?”

As soon as I cried out, the world of darkness split open along a
straight line.

Orange light quickly shone through, cutting up the dark curtain.
The wind blew in at the same time carrying away the darkness. It was
218

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

so beautiful and dazzling that I had to momentarily close my eyes. I
opened them cautiously and found myself back in the birdcage.

In front of me, the huge setting sun was giving off its last light
before falling below the horizon. There were no human figures, just the
sound of the wind.
“ - Yui?”

Calling out once again, light condensed in front of my eyes, and a
dark-haired little girl appeared with a crackling pop.
“Papa!!”

With a resonant cry Yui jumped into my chest, hugging my neck
tightly.
“You were safe. - Thank goodness...”

“Yes... When it looked like my address was going to be locked all
of a sudden, I retreated to the Nerve Gear’s local memory. I managed to
connect again, but both Mama and Papa were gone... I was worried. Mama is...?”
“Ah, she returned... to the real world.”
“I see... that’s great... truly...”

Yui closed her eyes and put her cheek to my chest. I sensed a faint
shadow of loneliness from her and gently stroked her long hair.
“ - Soon, we’ll come see you again. But... I wonder what will
become of it, this world...”
After my muttering, Yui grinned and spoke.

“My core program is not part of this place but stored in Papa’s
Nerve Gear. We’ll always be together. - Oh, but it is strange...”

219

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“What’s the matter?”

“A rather large file has been transferred to your Nerve Gear’s
storage.... though it does not seem to be active...”
“Hmm...”

I tilted my head, but put aside the question for now. Rather, there
was something else I needed to do no matter what.
“- Well, I’m going. To meet your Mama.”
“Yes. Papa - I love you.”

Exuding wispy tears, I hugged Yui strongly while stroking her
head and waved my right hand.

Just before I pressed the button, I stopped and watched the world
dyed in the colors of sunset. This world that was ruled by a false king,
what would happen to this world now that he was gone? My heart
ached when I thought of Lyfa and the other players who loved this
world so deeply.

I gently kissed Yui’s cheeks and moved my finger deeply. Radial
light spread through my vision, it wrapped my awareness and carried
me higher and higher.

I felt a deep sense of exhaustion when I opened my eyes. In front
of my eyes was Suguha’s face and she was looking at my face with a
worried expression. When our eyes met she hurriedly stood up.
“S-, sorry, I entered your room without permission. When you
didn’t come back for a long while, I became worried...”

220

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Suguha said, with her cheeks slightly flushed as she sat on the
edge of my bed. After a little time lag my limbs regained a sense of
connection and I forcefully push my upper body up.
“Sorry I was late.”
“...is it all over?”

“- Yeah... finished... everything...”

For a moment I stared into space while answering. Being in a
dangerous situation in the virtual world and getting captured, but this
time imprisoned without being able to be cleared, wasn’t something I
could tell Suguha. Eventually I would tell her everything, but right now
I don’t want her to be more worried. This one and only younger sister
who had already saved me more times than words could tell.

That one late night in the forest, I met a green-haired girl and my
new adventure started - during the whole long journey, she was always
with me. She showed me the way, taught me about the scenery and
protected me with her sword. If she hadn’t introduced me to the two
lords and made friends with them, I definitely would not have been
able to break through the wall of the guardian knights.
Looking back, I also received the help from a huge number of
people. But of course, the most help came from the girl in front of my
eyes. When I was Kirito and she was Lyfa, and when I was Kazuto and
she was Suguha, she helped and supported me, but at the same time
her small shoulders carried a deep anguish.

Once again I stared at Suguha’s face, it had both the dazzling
activeness of a boy, and a newly sprouted green leaf’s evanescence. I
reached out a hand and gently patted her head, Suguha gave a small
smile of embarrassment.

221

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“Really - really thank you very much, Sugu. If you weren’t here, I
wouldn’t have been able to do anything.”

Suguha’s face became even redder and she lowered her head. She
fidgeted for a bit, then she made up her mind and rested her cheek
against my chest.

“Yeah... I was happy. In onii-chan’s world, I was able to help oniichan.”
Suguha whispered with her eyes closed. With my right hand, I
gently held her back and gave her a quick squeeze.
After I let go, Suguha looked up at me and said.

“Then... you got her back, right? That person - Asuna-san...”

“Yeah. Finally - she is back at last... Sugu, I......”
“Yes. Go, surely she is waiting for onii-chan.”

“Sorry. I’ll tell you the details when I get back.”

I put a hand on Suguha’s head and stood up.

I got dressed in record time, but paused on the porch in my downjacket. It was completely dark outside. The hands of the antique wall
clock which hung in the living room pointed to a time shortly before
9:00 PM. Visiting hours were over long ago, but the situation was the
situation. If I told the circumstances at the nurses station, I might be
able to get in.

Suguha immediately ran up to me, ‘I made this’, and handed me a
thick sandwich. I accepted it gratefully and bit on it, then opened the
patio door and walked down to the yard.
“C, cold...”

222

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I ducked my head when I realized the cold was penetrating my
jacket. Suguha looked up at the dark night sky and said.
“Ah... snow.”

“Oh...”

Indeed, there were two or three large white snowflakes that came
floating down. I hesitated a moment about whether to call a taxi. If I did
that though, I would have to wait then walk to the main road to be
picked up, so it would be faster to just use my bicycle.
“Be careful. ... Say hello to Asuna for me.”

“Yeah. Next time, I’ll introduce you properly.”

I waved goodbye to Suguha and sitting astride my mountain bike,
I started pedaling.
I let my bike run at full speed, and the crazy speed blew the
thoughts out of my head as I flew through south Saitama. The snow
gradually started falling down harder but it didn’t accumulate, and the
reduced traffic density was helpful.
I wanted to reach Asuna in the hospital as quickly as possible but at the same time, I was partly afraid of what I might find. For the
past two months, I had visited that room every other day, always
tasting bitter disappointment. Wondering if she would become a cold
statue like that, I took her hand while she was silently imprisoned in
sleep. I kept calling her name even though it never reached her.

Like this, while moving down this road, I even remember the gaps,
finding her in the fairy kingdom, defeating the fake king, and freeing
her from chains might just be my fantasy.
223

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

If I visited her hospital room a few minutes later and Asuna did
not wake up.

Her soul was no longer in Alfheim, but she still did not return to
reality - again she might have vanished to some unknown place.

It wasn’t only the snow hitting my face in the dark night that was
causing the terrible chill to run up my back. No, there couldn’t be such
a thing. The system that governs the world by the name of reality
couldn’t be that ruthless.
While my tangled thoughts intertwined I continued pedaling. I
turned right on the highway into the hills. My deep tread block-tires
acted as a shovel to bite and kick into the thin snow on the asphalt,
accelerating my bike.

Before long, the shadow of a huge building appeared in front of
me. Most of the lights were out, but a blue light flashed from the
helipad on the roof like a will-o-the-wisp trying to attract victims to the
castle of darkness.
A high iron fence appeared when I finished climbing the hill. I
rode along it for tens of seconds longer. I finally reached the front gate,
protected by especially tall gateposts.

Because it was a highly specialized medical facility it didn’t accept
emergency cases. The gates were already tightly closed and the guard
box was unmanned. I rode past the entrance to the main parking lot
and entered through the small staff entrance.
I parked my bike at the end of the parking lot. It was too irritating
to lock it up so I ran on. In the orange light cast by sodium floodlights I
could see the parking lot was completely deserted. The silence was
broken only by the snow falling from the sky, painting the world white.

224

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I continued running while exhaling clouds of steam with my rough
breathing.

Half way across the vast parking lot, as I was about to pass
between a tall dark-colored van and a white sedan, at that moment.

I almost collided with the shadow of a person rushing out from
behind the van.
“Ah...”

‘Excuse me’, I was about to say while trying to dodge, something
crossed my vision Flash, a vivid shine of metal slashed at me.
“- !?”

Right after, heat blossomed on my right arm, just below the elbow.
At the same time a lot of white scattered. It wasn’t snow flakes. It was
fine white feathers. The insulation from my down-jacket.

I staggered back, somehow colliding with the rear of the white
sedan and managed to stop.

I could not understand the current situation. While stunned, I
looked at the black shadow about two meters away from me. It was a
man. He was wearing a suit that was nearly black. He was holding
something long, slender, and white in his right hand. It shone dully in
the orange light.
A knife. A large survival knife. But, why.

My face froze as I felt the stare of the man in the shadow of the
van. He was moving his lips, but what came out was a hoarse whisper.
“You’re late, Kirito-kun. What if you make me catch a cold?”

225

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

That voice. It was a high-pitched, sticky voice.
“Su... Sugou...”

I was stunned, at the same time I called out his name, the man
took a step forward. The sodium lamps illuminated his face.

Compared to a few days ago, his smooth combed hair had become
severely disturbed and there were several days worth of beard
covering his sharp jaw. His neck-tie was almost completely untied and
hung loosely around his neck.
And also - strange eyes peered out at me from behind metal
framed glasses. The reason was apparent at once. Even though his eyes
were open as wide as possible, his left eye had dilated adapting to the
darkness of night while his right eye was small and contracting. In the
World Tree, that was were he was pierced with my sword.
“You did a cruel thing, Kirito-kun.”

Sugou said in a rasping voice.

“The sense of pain has not disappeared yet. Well, there are
various good medicines, so it does not matter.”

His right hand thrust into his suit pocket, grabbed a few capsules
and threw them in his mouth. With a Kacha Kacha sound he started
chewing, and Sugou took another step toward me. Finally recovering
from my shock, I managed to move my dry lips.

“- Sugou, you are already finished. You have gone too far to cover
things up. Receive judgement obediently.”

“Finished? What? Nothing is over yet. Well, Recto is unusable now.
I’ll go to America. There are a lot of companies which want my
expertise. I have now accumulated a large amount of experimental data.
226

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

If I use that to complete my study, I will become the true king - true god
- this real world’s god.”
- He’s crazy. No, perhaps he had been broken for a long time.

“Before that, there are some issues I have to take care of. First, I
will kill you, Kirito-kun.”

After he finished talking in a subdued voice without a change in
expression, Sugou briskly approached me. The knife in his right hand
casually moved toward my eyes.
“...!!”

I kicked off the asphalt with my right foot, trying to avoid it.
However, because of the snow under my shoe, I slipped and lost my
balance, collapsing on the parking lot. I landed hard on my left side, the
breath leaving my body.

Sugou looked down at me with pupils which couldn’t seem to
focus.
“Hey, stand up.”

After that, he kicked me in my thigh with the tip of his expensive
shoe. Twice. Thrice. Hot pain ran up my spinal chord, echoing in the
back of my head. It also reverberated through my right arm creating a
sharp pain. I finally noticed that there was a cut not only in my jacket
but also on my arm.
I could not move. I could not make a sound. The survival knife
that Sugou was holding - the longer than 20 centimeter blade, the
heavy pressure of that murderous tool, made me freeze.
Kill – Me - with that knife - ?

227

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

My fragmented thoughts flowed and disappeared. That thick
blade, penetrating my body silently, deadly - as words showed talking
my life with a fatal wound, I imagined that instant again and again.
Besides that, there was nothing I could do.

The pain in my right arm became a dull heat. Several drops of
dark liquid dripped from the gap between the cuff of my winter jacket
and glove. I began to imagine the blood flowing from my body
endlessly. A clear and real image of «death» which wasn’t a numerical
value in a HP bar.
“Hey, stand up. Just stand up.”

Sugou mechanically kicked and stepped on my feet again and
again.
“You, what you said to me over there. Don’t run away? Don’t
hesitate? Let’s settle this? You said them arrogantly.”

I heard him whisper, Sugou’s voice filled with the same colors of
insanity as I heard in the darkness over there.

“You understand now? A little shit like you with no ability but
games, and no true power at all. That’s what you call inferior trash.
Nevertheless, you thwarted me, this me... Naturally, the punishment for
your sins is death. It is impossible for it to be anything other than
death.”

After speaking in a tone without inflection, Sugou put his left foot
on my belly, and changed his center of gravity. From the physical
pressure and the mental pressure as he released his madness, I lost my
breath.

228

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I watched Sugou’s face as he approached, taking shallow,
irregular, rapid breaths. While bending, Sugou held the weapon in his
right hand high above his head.
Without blinking, he swung it down.
“ - gh”

A stiff sound leaked from the back of my throat -

Along with a dull metallic sound, the tip of the knife grazed my
cheek and dug into the asphalt at the same time.
“Ah... my right eye is blurry, my aim was off.”

Sugou muttered as he raised the knife high again.

The edge of the knife was dazzling in the light of the sodium
lamps, and drew an orange line in the darkness.

Maybe it was because he hit the hard road with it, but the knife
tip was slightly fragmented. That flaw gave the knife a more realistic
physical presence as a weapon. Rather than a polygon weapon, it was
made of condensed metal molecules, heavy and cold, and genuine
lethal blade.

Everything seemed to slow down. Snow which fell from the dark
sky. The mass of air expelled from Sugou’s mouth. The knife which was
descending toward me. The blinking of the orange light reflected from
the serrations carved in the blade.
That reminds me, there was a jagged weapon like that...

A piece of meaningless memory flowed to the surface of my
stopped thought.
229

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

What was that? It was a dagger type item sold in the middle
layers of Aincrad. I think it was called «Sword Breaker». If you parry
the enemy’s weapon on the saw shaped back portion, there was a
slight bonus increasing the chance of destroying their weapon. Because
it seemed interesting, I placed the dagger skill in the skill slot and used
it for a while, but wasn’t satisfied with it due to its low base offensive
ability.

The weapon Sugou was holding now was even smaller than that.
It couldn’t even be called a dagger. No - such a thing couldn’t even be
categorized as a weapon. It was a tool for daily work. It wasn’t a thing a
swordsman would use to fight.
In the depth of my ears, I heard Sugou’s words from a few
seconds ago.
True power, possessing nothing of that - .

Yes... that’s right. It didn’t even need to be said. But who are you
to be saying you would kill me, Sugou? A master of the knife skills?
Martial arts expert?

I looked behind Sugou’s glasses, his small eyes seemed to be dyed
the color of blood. Excitement. Madness. But they also held something
else. Those were the eyes of someone trying to escape. Those were the
same eyes that someone who was surrounded by hordes of monsters
in a dungeon, falling into a desperate deadly situation, the eyes of
someone who swung their sword in a frenzy, trying to intercept reality.

This guy was the same as me. Continuing to chase power, but
unable to obtain it, just moving in ugly steps.
“...Die, you bratttt!!”

230

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Suguo’s scream pulled my consciousness back from the world
moving at slow speed.

I raised my left hand like a magnet and caught Sugou’s right wrist
as he swung it down. At the same time, I stretched out my right arm
and shoved my thumb into the hollow of his throat beside his loose tie.
“Guu!!”

With a grunt, Sugou leaned back. I twisted my body, grabbing
Sugou’s right hand with both of my hands, and slamed his hand on the
frozen asphalt with all my might. His hand came loose with a scream,
and the knife rolled away on the road.

Screaming shrilly like a whistle, Sugou jumped toward the knife. I
bent my right leg, letting it fly, my shoe’s sole impacting on his jaw. I
scoop up the knife and used the recoil to stand up.
“Sugou...”

From my throat came a voice that cracked so badly that I could
hardly believe it was my own.

Through the glove on my right hand, I felt the presence of the cold,
hard knife. It was a poor weapon. Too light, with no reach.
“But it is enough to kill you.”

After whispering, I turned to Sugou who was looking up at me
with a blank face while sitting on the asphalt, then sprang at him
fiercely.

I grabbed his hair and head in my left hand and slammed it into
the door of the van. With a dull sound the car’s aluminium body was
dented, and his glasses flew away. Sugou’s mouth opened hugely.
231

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Aiming for his throat, I moved my right hand with the knife without
hesitation —
“Guu... Uuu...!”

I stopped my arm there, gritting my teeth.
“Iii! Hiii! Iiiii!!”

Sugou was making the same sound as he had in that world just
ten minutes or so ago, with that high-pitched scream.

It was natural that this man die. It was natural that he be judged.
It would all be over if I brought down my right hand. It was the
settlement. The full victor and the defeated were decided.
However —

I’m no longer a swordsman. That world where everything was
determined by the skill of one’s sword has already been left far in the
past.
“Hiiiiii...”

Suddenly, Sugou’s eyes rolled up into his head, exposing the
whites. His scream broke off, and his whole body lost strength like a
machine cut off from electricity.

Strength also left my hand. Slipping from my hand, the knife
rolled onto Sugou’s stomach.
I also removed my left hand, and stood up.

I thought that if I had to see that man for even one more second,
the impulse to kill would boil out, and I wouldn’t be able to resist it
again.
232

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

I ripped off his tie and rolled him over, and tied both his hands
behind his back. I placed the knife on the roof of the van. I whipped my
body around, back onto my original path. Then I staggered, step by
step, dragging my legs while starting to run across the parking lot.
It took about five minutes to get up the wide steps to the front
entrance. I stopped and took a deep breath. I looked down at my body,
which I had managed to get control of.
I was in a terrible state, dirtied with snow and sand. The cuts on
my left cheek and right arm had apparently stopped bleeding, while
still painful.

I stood in front of the automatic doors. However, there was no
sign of them opening. I peered through the glass, the main lobby was
dimly lit, but a normal light was on behind the receptionist’s desk. I
looked from side to side. I found a small swinging glass door to the far
left, and fortunately, it opened when I pushed it.

Silence filled the building. I crossed the orderly rows of benches
that lined the vast lobby.

No one was at the counter, but from deep inside the adjacent
nursing station, I heard pleasant chatter. Praying for a decent voice, I
opened my mouth.
“Um... Excuse me!”

A few seconds after my voice echoed, a door opened and two
nurses in light green uniforms appeared. They both had suspicous
expressions on their faces which changed to shock when they got a
good look at me.
233

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“- What happened to you!?”

The tall, young nurse with her hair piled on her head exclaimed.
Apparently, there seemed to be more bleeding on my face than I
thought. I pointed in the direction of the entrance and said:

“I was attacked by a man with a knife in the parking lot. I left him
unconscious on the other side of a white sedan.”

Tension ran through the two women’s faces. The older nurse
operated a machine behind the counter, holding a small microphone
near her face.

“Guards, please come to the first floor nurse station immediately.”

There seems to have been a guard in the middle of patrol nearby,
and a man in a deep blue uniform soon appeared with his running
footsteps. The man’s expression became severe after hearing the
nurses’ explanation. Speaking into a walkie-talkie, the guard went to
the entrance. The younger nurse followed him.

After having looked at the wound on my cheek for a minute, the
nurse who remained said:

“You, are the twelfth floor Yuuki-san’s family right? Is that your
only wound?”

There seemed to be a small misunderstanding, but I nodded
without the willpower to correct it.
“I see. I’ll call a doctor right away, please wait for me here.”
She ran off with a ‘pitter-patter’ as soon as she said that.

I took a deep breath and looked around. Confirming that no one
was nearby, I leaned over the counter and grabbed one of the guest
pass cards from inside. I turned to the opposite direction than where

234

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

the nurse went, to the hospitalization ward which I had passed many
times before, and whipped my trembling feet into a run.

The elevator had stopped at the first floor. When I pressed the
button, the door opened with a low chime. I leaned against the inside
wall and pushed the button for the top floor. Even though the
acceleration was slow for a hospital, my knee felt nearly broken from
the small extra weight. I desperately held my body up.

After what I felt to be several long seconds, the elevator stopped
and the door opened. I fell out of the elevator into the passage.

Asuna’s room was only a few tens of meters away, but the
distance seemed endless. I supported my body, which was just about to
collapse, on the wall and moved forward. After turning left at the L
shaped passage - in front of me, I saw a white door.
Step by step, I walked.
Same as that time —

When I returned to the real world from the end of the virtual
world surrounded by sunset, I woke up in another hospital, struggling
to walk on withered legs. In my search for Asuna, there was nothing
but to walk. That passage, was connected to this place.
I could finally meet her. The time had come.

As the remaining distance shrank, the various feelings in my heart
grew at an alarming rate. My breathing sped up. The edges of my vision
were dyed white. However, I did not succumb to collapsing there. I
walked. Intently, putting my legs in front of me.

Unaware of where I was until just before reaching the door, I
stopped moving my feet before colliding with it.

235

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Beyond that, was Asuna — It was the only thing I could think of at
that point.

Lifting my trembling right hand, the card slipped out of my hand
due to sweat. I picked the card back up and inserted it into the slit in
the metal plate this time. Holding my breath, I quickly slid it all the way
down.
The indicator light color changed, and the door opened with the
sound of a motor.
Softly, the scent of flowers poured out.

The indoor lighting had been dimmed. A faint white light was
coming through the window, reflected off of the snow outside.

The center of the hospital room was covered by a big curtain.
There was a gel bed on the other side.

I could not move. Could not continue. I could not make a sound.
Suddenly, an unexpected voice whispered in my ear.
‘Hey - she is waiting for you.’

I felt a hand gently push my shoulder.

Yui? Suguha? In the three worlds, it was the voice of someone
who helped me. I took a step with my right foot. Then another step, and
another step.
I stood in front of the curtains. I reached out, grasped the ends.
And pulled.

With a faint sound, like the wind across the prairie, the white veil
shook and drifted.
236

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

“...Ah.”

A small sound leaked from my throat.

A girl in thin medical examination clothes which resembled a light
snow-white dress, sat up in the bed with her back to me, looking out
the dark window on the other side. Her long lustrous hair was
fluttering in the light from the dancing snow. Both of her hands lay in
front of her body, holding a shining, deep-blue egg-shaped thing.
Nerve Gear. The crown of thorns that bound the girl had finished
its duty and fallen silent.
“Asuna.”

I whispered in a voice that was barely a sound. The girl’s body
greatly shook - moving the flower scent filled air, and turned around.

Still waking up from a long slumber, her hazel eyes were filled
with a dreamy light as she looked straight at me.

How many times had I dreamed of this? How many times had I
prayed for this?
Out of her light-colored, wet lips, emerged a gentle smile.
“Kirito-kun.”

This was the first time I heard it, that voice. It was very different
from the voice I heard everyday in that world. However, shaking the
air, shaking my sense of hearing, that voice that reached my
consciousness, was many times, a great many times more wonderful.

Asuna removed her left hand from the Nerve Gear and held it out.
That alone took considerable strength and she trembled.
237

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

Like touching a statue of snow, I gently, gently took that hand. It
was painfully small and thin. However, it was warm. Like trying to heal
every wound, the warmth seeped through that contact. The strength
left my legs unexpectedly, and I entrusted my body to the edge of the
bed.
Asuna reached out her right hand, gently touching my injured
cheek, she tilted her head in question.

“Ah... the last battle, really last battle ended just a little while ago.
Finished...”

While saying that, from both of my eyes, tears overflowed at last.
Drops fell on my cheek, flowing to Asuna’s finger, and shining in the
light from the window.
“...I’m sorry, I can’t hear properly yet. But... I understand, Kiritokun’s words.”
Asuna stroked my cheek with care and whispered. My soul
trembled as I heard that voice.
“It’s finished... finally... finally... I meet you.”

Tears which shone silver streamed down Asuna’s cheeks. Eyes
wet, staring into mine as if she was conveying her feelings, she said:
“Nice to meet you, I am Yuuki Asuna. - I’m back, Kirito-kun.”
I answered, stopping the crying in my throat.

“I am Kirigaya Kazuto... Welcome back, Asuna.”

Our faces came together and our lips came in contact. Lightly.
Then again. Strongly.

I placed my arms around her delicate body and embraced her.

238

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 8

The soul went on a journey. From one world to another world.
From this life into the next life.
And, longing for someone. Strongly calling to each other.

In the past, in the big castle floating in the sky, a young man
dreaming of being a swordsman, met a girl who cooked wonderful food,
and fell in love. Although they no longer existed, their hearts after an
endless journey, finally met again.
While I stroked Asuna’s back as she cried, I looked with tear
covered eyes through the window. In the increasing fluttering snow, I
thought I saw two shadows side by side.
One, with two swords on his back and dressed in a black coat.

The other a girl dressed in the red and white of a knight, with a
rapier hanging at her waist.

They smiled, holding hands as they turned around and slowly
moved far away.

239

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Chapter 9
“Ok class, we’ll stop here for today. Assignment files 25 and 26
have been sent to you, please complete and upload them by next week.”
With the chime of the bell’s chime declaring an end to the
morning period, the teacher turned off the large panel monitor and left
the room, after which a relaxed atmosphere drifted across the vast
classroom.

I manipulated the old-fashioned mouse connected to the terminal
and open the downloaded assignments for a quick glance. After sighing
at the lengthy questions that were likely to be both plentiful and mind
numbing, I unplugged the mouse and closed the terminal, tossing both
into my backpack.

Still, that chime was quite similar to the sound of the chapel at the
starting city on Aincrad’s 1st floor. If they had designed the tone
knowing this fact, the designers of this school building have quite a
dark sense of humor.

Of course, none of the students wearing a matching uniform
seemed to worry about that. They were chatting happily while leaving
the classroom in groups of three and five to the cafeteria.

Zipping up my backpack, I slung it over my shoulder and was
going to stand up when the boy that I got along with in the next seat
looked up and spoke to me.
“Ah, Kazu, if you are going to the cafeteria, save me a seat.”

240

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Before I could answer, another student who sat next to him
answered with a grin.

“Don’t bother, Kazu has an audience with the «Princess» today.”
“Oh, I see. Damn that’s nice.”

“Yea, well, that’s how it is. Sorry.”

I put up my hand to forestall their usual complaining and slipped
out of the classroom.

I walked briskly through the pale green hallway and out into the
middle courtyard through an emergency exit, feeling relief as the
sounds of lunch time faded away, I took a breath. Brand-new bricks
painted a path surrounded by trees. The school building that I could
see over the top of the trees was bare concrete with a cold appearance,
but it was such an excellent campus that I could hardly believe it was a
reused building left vacant by overall consolidation.

I followed the trail for a few more minutes, passing through a
tunnel of greenery found myself in a small round garden. Along the
edge of the garden, surrounded by flowers, were plain wooden
benches, one of which had a female student sitting while looking at the
sky by herself.
Long brown hair hung straight down the back of her uniform’s
dark green blazer. Her skin was still pale white, but a tinge of red like
that of roses had recently started returning to her cheeks.

Her long, slender legs were covered by taut black tights. Her
figure, staring intently at the sky with the toe of her loafer making a
pitter-patter sound as it tapped on the ground, was indescribably
lovely. I stopped at the entrance of the garden, leaning on the trunk of a
tree, continuing to watch the girl in silence.

241

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

She unexpectedly glanced over to where I was and broke into a
smile as soon as she saw me. Then her face changed to a prim
expression and she closed her eyes, with a ‘Fuun’, turning her head
away.
I approached the bench with a wry smile and called out to her.

“Sorry for the wait, Asuna.”

Asuna looked at me for an instant, pouting.

“Oh, why does Kirito-kun always try to watch from the shadows
whenever he sees me?”

“My bad, my bad. Perhaps, I might have what it takes to be a
stalker.”
“Eh~......”

I sat down next to Asuna who was making an unpleasant face
while leaning away, and stretched hugely.
“Ah... I’m tired... and hungry...”

“You sound like an old man, Kirito-kun.”

“Actually, it felt like I’ve aged five years this month... Also -”

Putting my hands behind my head, I gave Asuna a sideways
glance.

“It’s not Kirito, but Kazuto. It’s a breach of manners to use
character names out here after all.”

“Oh, I see. Just... then what’s going to happen to me! Aren’t I all
exposed?”
242

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“The reason is because you made your character name the same
as your real name. ...Well, It seems I am exposed too...”

In this special «school», the students were players who had been
in middle or high school before the SAO incident. Those orange players
with a serious history of murder were undergoing more than one year
of counseling that included treatment and observation. People like me
who attacked others for self-defense, were inquired without leaving a
criminal record like theft or blackmail.

People avoid using their names from Aincrad, but our faces are
basically the same as in SAO. Asuna was apparently identified
immediately after her admission, and I was recognized because I was
well known to some upper level players, and in our long history I
revealed my name and other things to them.

It was basically impossible to say that it had never happened and
just forget it. It wasn’t a dream, and our experiences in that world were
a reality that we each had to settle in our own way.
I took Asuna’s left hand, which was holding a rattan basket on her
knees, in both of mine. It was still very thin, but it had recovered a lot
since the day she woke up.

In order to meet the school admission date, she had been going
through severe rehabilitation. Only till just recently was she able to
walk without crutches, but running or rigorous exercise still seemed to
be forbidden.

After her awakening, I frequently visited the hospital, seeing
Asuna grit her teeth while tears flowed as she struggled through her
training to walk, it pained me like my body was being cut. I quietly
stroked her fingers again and again as I remembered those days.

243

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

face.

“...Kirito-kun.”

Hearing the shocked voice, I looked up to see a slight blush on her

“Don’t you know? We are clearly visible from the cafeteria.”

“Say what...”

Looking up, above the trees, I did indeed see the huge glass
windows at the top floor of the school. I let go of my hands in a panic.
“Oh really...”

Asuna gave a shocked sigh and again mincingly turned away.
“I won’t give lunch to such a scatterbrain.”
“Ah, please spare me.”

After desperately apologizing for several seconds, Asuna finally
laughed, she opened the basket on her knees. She took out a round
bundle wrapped in paper towels, and handed it to me.

Cheerful, I took it and opened it, inside I found a large hamburger
with lettuce sticking out. The aroma immediately made my stomach
growl, and I quickly took a large bite.
“This... the taste is...”

My eyes went wide and I turned to look at Asuna as I greedily
chewed and swallowed. Asuna smiled as she said:
“Ehehe. You remembered?”

“How could I forget. This is the hamburger I ate on the 74th
floor...”
244

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“Well, it was hard to reproduce the sauce. It is an unreasonable
story... struggling to death over there to imitate the taste of reality...
and now that I’m back I find myself struggling to reproduce that
world’s taste here.”
“Asuna...”

I clearly remembered those happy days, and while feelings of
sentimentality swept through me I once again looked directly at Asuna.
Looking straight back at me, Asuna whispered with a smile.
“Mayonnaise is sticking to your mouth.”

By the time I had finished eating my two large hamburgers and
Asuna her small hamburger, lunch break was almost over. Asuna
poured herbal tea from a small thermos, and spoke while holding a
paper cup with both hands.
“Kirito-kun, what are your afternoon classes?”

“Today there are two classes left... Really, they do not write on the
blackboard but an EL panel, we write not in notebooks but on a tablet
PC, and homework is sent over wireless LAN. If it’s like this then it’s
like having lessons at home.”
Asuna laughed with a ‘fufu’ looking at me complaining.

“It is only now that you can use the panel or PC. Soon, schools will
use holographic projectors... Also, thanks to this school, we can meet
here like this.”
“Well that is true but...”

245

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Although Asuna and I were taking the same electives, because we
were in different grades, there was a difference in curriculum, so we
could only meet three times a week.

“And it seems this school is also a model for future generations. At
least, that is what my father said.”
“Hehh... Shouzou-shi, is he doing well?”

“Yes. He was very depressed for a while. He thought he had a bad
eye for people. He resigned as CEO and half-retired, after letting off
some of the burden on his shoulders, he might have lost his way. Well,
if he finds a hobby, he will get well soon.”
“I see...”

I sipped my cup of tea, looking up at the sky along with Asuna.

To Asuna’s father, Yuuki Shouzou, that man was supposed to be
the future husband of his daughter – Sugou.

On that snowy day, even after being arrested in the parking lot of
the hospital, Sugou keep struggling in an ugly way. Silence after silence,
denial after denial, eventually trying to put all the blame on Kayaba
Akihiko.

However, one of his underlings confessed everything immediately
after it was revealed that there was a major witness. When the fact that
300 SAO non-returnees were being kept at a server installed at the
RECTO Progress Yokohama branch office and subjected to inhumane
experiments was brought to light, Sugou’s escape routes disappeared.
It seemed that the trial started just recently, but Sugou applied for a
psychiatric re-evaluation. Though the primary charge was assault,
whether or not the crime of abduction and confinement would be
established somehow attracted the public attention.

246

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

What that guy was working on, the evil research on brainwashing
through Full Dive technology was, in the end, proven to be a
technology impossible to reproduce outside of a first-generation Nerve
Gear. Besides, nearly all Nerve Gears should have been scrapped, it
could be said that the results from Sugou’s experiments made it
possible for countermeasures to be developed.

What was fortunate, was that the 300 non-returnee individuals
had no memory of being in the middle of human experimentation.
There was no harm to their brains, and none of the return players had
mental breakdowns. After enough medical treatment, it was said that it
would be possible for all members to rehabilitate into society.
However, RECTO Progress and ALfheim Online... No, the genre of
VRMMO games itself, suffered an irreparable blow.

Originally, the SAO incident alone fostered a significant amount of
social unrest. That was concluded to be a freak occurrence of an
exceptional crime committed by a lone madman, and this time... the
incident caused by Sugou in the world of ALO that was previously
hailed for its safety as a VRMMO game, drew attention to the possibility
that all VR worlds could be exploited for crime.
RECTO Progress was eventually disbanded, but the main RECTO
office also bore considerable damage, and all the members of
management team below the CEO were changed, even then, they were
lucky to somehow survive this crisis.

ALO operations were suspended. Of course, the five or six other
VRMMO that were still operating, though indirectly, received a huge
blow in the form of a reduction in the number of users. It might still be
impossible to escape the fate of shut down with the little income they
were left with.

247

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

In that situation, something that could change the weakened and
almost pulled out root was The «World’s Seed» that Kayaba Akihiko had entrusted to me.
I must find out about Kayaba.

At the same time as the collapse of SAO in November 2024,
Kayaba Akihiko had also died, that became clear two months ago - it
was March 2025.

While Kayaba was Heathcliff in Aincrad for two years, he was in
hiding at a mountain cottage built in the depths of an out-of-the-way
forest in Nagano prefecture.

Of course, Kayaba’s Nerve Gear did not trap him in the «Bonds of
Death», so he was free to log out, but as the head of the KoB guild, he
seemed to have logged on continuously for up to a week at the longest.
The person who helped him was a female graduate student who
was with him in the same course of studies in the industrial
department at the University of Tokyo, and was registered as having
assisted the Argus Development Division.

It seemed that Sugou also worked in the same laboratory during
his school days and harbored a burning rivalry for Kayaba while
superficially pretending to adore his senpai. It seemed that this woman
was also repeatedly courted by Sugou - I heard all this directly from
the woman in person when she was released on bail last month.
I received her e-mail address by forcefully asking an agent from
the emergency rescue headquarters, and after a lot of hesitation, I sent
her an e-mail saying, ‘I don’t want to talk about resentment, I just want

248

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

to know the details.’ It was a week later that a reply came. She took the
express from her current residence of Miyagi prefecture and came to
where I live, her name was Koujiro Rinko. We went to a coffee shop
near Tokyo station, where I heard the story she falteringly told.

It seemed Kayaba had decided to die with the collapse of the
world of SAO before the incident even occurred. But it was an unusual
way to die. It seems he remodeled a FullDive machine to perform a
super-high-power scan of his brain, where it burned out his brain and
killed him.

The probability of the scan being successful wasn’t even 1 in 1000
- and, although it was baseless, she told me that in her heart she had
the feeling that he somehow had succeeded.
If it worked as Kayaba intended, his own memories and thoughts,
all of the electrical signals in his brain should have became digital code
and should exist in the network as a real electronic brain.

After some hesitation, I told her how I had talked with Kayaba’s
consciousness in the old SAO server, and how he helped me save Asuna,
and what he entrusted to me.

She bowed her head for several minutes, and after a drop of tear
fell, said to me:

‘- I visited the mountain cottage where he hid with the intention
of killing him. But, I couldn’t do it. Because of that, many young people
lost their lives.

What he and I had done was not something that could possibly be
forgiven.
If you hate him, please erase the thing he entrusted to you.

249

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

But if... if you have something other than hatred inside you...’
“- Kirito-kun. Hey Kirito-kun. About today’s offline meeting...”

Asuna struck me with her elbow, and I pulled myself back
together.
“Ah - sorry. I was in a daze.”

“Ohh. Either there or here, you’re still an easygoing kind of person
when you are relaxed.”
Asuna shook her head as if amazed, then with a sunny smile,
rested her head on my shoulder.

***

Seated at the third circular table from the south, near the
windows on the west side of the cafeteria, I was sucking forcibly
through a straw, trying to get to the remainder of my strawberry
yogurt drink at the floor of the carton. The loud slurping noise of my
attempt was quite unladylike and caused Ayano Keiko, seated across
the table, to frown.
“Geez, Liz... Rika-san, please drink a little more quietly.”

“But that.... ah-, that Kirito, sticking together so much...”

From my height advantage in the cafeteria, I could see over the
treetops at the bench where they were sitting, a boy and a girl nestled
together with their shoulders touching.
“So outrageous jeez, doing that at school...”
“Yes, that’s a bad hobby, peeping!”

250

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

251

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

tone.
ago”

I looked at Keiko for an instant before speaking in a slightly nasty

“Saying that, wasn’t Silica also looking hard until just a little while

Keiko, the dagger user Silica - it may have been the opposite looked down with her face completely red, and began to stuff her
mouth with her shrimp pilaf.

I crushed the empty pack and threw it in the trash a few meters
away, then set my face on the table and let out a huge sigh.

“Ahh... if it was going to be like this, we shouldn’t have agreed to
that «One Month Truce»!”
“But wasn’t that Liz-san’s idea?! We should let those two get
lovey-dovey for only a month, you said... that was totally naive.”
“You have a piece of rice sticking to your face.”

Once again, I sighed, then looked up through the glass windows at
the white clouds passing by.

How did he find out my mail adress? I still don’t know, but in the
middle of February I suddenly received an e-mail from Kirito.

I was astonished, in my head I heard the ringing of a gong for the
second round while delightedly heading to the meeting place, however,
what Kirito had to tell me at that coffee shop was even more surprising.
Kirito seems to have been involved in that huge uproar with the
«ALO incident». I was told that among those involved, Asuna was a
special type of victim.

He said that Asuna really wanted to see me, of course I went
flying over for a visit. Seeing that figure, like an ice spirit about to melt

252

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

away, my protective instincts for her in Aincrad, were triggered very
strongly.

Fortunately, Asuna regained her spirit day by day and was able to
enroll with us at school. When I saw Asuna again, rather than seeing
her as a rival, I had the urge to protect her like a little sister. With the
friend in front of me who loved Kirito in the same way, I had formed
the «Let’s watch those two in warmth during May» alliance - the pact
was done. But.

Sighing for the third time, I swallowed the last piece of my BLT
sandwich, and then looked at Silica.
“Are you going to today’s off-line meeting?”

“Of course. Lyfa... Suguha-chan is coming too. I can’t wait to meet
her offline for the first time.”
“Silica, you have a really good relationship with Lyfa.”

I looked at her while wearing a teasing smile.

“It must be that? There is a sense of closeness, because you’re
both the same as an «imouto».”
“Muu...”

Silica’s cheek twitched as she tossed the last shrimp in her mouth,
muttered, then smiled as well.
“Liz-san is completely like an «onee-san» these days.”

For a few seconds, tension rose as sparks burst between us, then
we both raised our head to look at the clouds, and sighed at the same
time.
253

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

***

Agil’s shop «Dicey Cafe», in front of its surly black door, hung an
unsociable blackboard, with blunt characters saying ‘Reserved for
today’.
I turned toward Suguha beside me and said:
“Sugu, have you met Agil yet?”

“Yeah, I went hunting with him twice on the other side. He is a
very big man!”
“I’ll tell you, the genuine article is like that too. Be mentally
prepared.”
Beyond the wide-eyed Suguha, Asuna was giggling.

“Me too, I was surprised the first time I came here.”
“To be honest, I too was terrified.”

After knocking the frightened looking Suguha’s head, I pushed
open the door as my face stretched into a grin.

As the bell sounded with a ‘clang-clang’ sound, shouts of joy,
whistles, and applause rang out loudly to cover it.

The shop that couldn’t be called large was already tightly packed
with people. Big bass speakers played a loud BGM - to my surprise, it
was a BGM from Aincrad, the theme of Algade city played by a NPC
orchestra - under that music, everyone had a glass shining in their
hands, everything seemed like it was well underway.
“- Hey, we aren’t late.”

I said my excuse, then uniformed Lisbeth stepped forward to say.

254

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“Yes yes, the main character has to appear at the end. You guys
were told to come at a little later time. Well, we welcome you.”

The three of us were pulled into the crowded shop quickly, and
boosted on to a small stage at the back. The door closed with a ‘Bataan’,
right after, the BGM shut off, and the lights were dimmed.
Suddenly, the spotlight fell on me, and once again Lisbeth’s voice
sounded.
“Ah, everyone together ready... now!”

“Kirito, for clearing SAO, Congratulations!!”

Everyone chorused. Loud sound of crackers. Applause.

While my face showed a dumbfounded look, I was showered by
the flashes from many bulbs.
Today’s off-line meeting - «Aincrad Capture Commemorative
Party» was planned by me, Liz and Agil, but it seemed to have went
ahead without me. The shop was full of people, exceeding my
expectations by many times.

After a toast, everyone introduced themselves and then came my
speech – this was not in the schedule at all – after that, Agil brought out
several huge pizzas he had made specially for today, and the party
dissolved into chaos.
I accepted the thanks from the men with a shake of their hands
and some of the female players got a little too close to me when they
gave their thanks, and I finally staggered to the counter and sank on to
a stool.
“Master, bourbon. On the Rocks.”

255

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

I told my unreasonable order to a very big man dressed in a black
butterfly vest over a white shirt, who stared down at me for a few
seconds. Surprisingly, he poured an amber liquid into a tumbler
already holding rocks, and placed it in front of me.

I gingerly licked the liquid, relieved to find that it was Oolong tea.
I looked up and frowned at the happily smiling shopkeeper, then a tall
man sat down on the stool next to me. He was wearing a suit with a
cheesy tie and a bandana wrapped around his forehead that was equal
in bad taste.
“Agil, give me the real thing.”

That man - Klein, the katana wielder, while holding his tumbler,
turned on his rotating stool, and stared with a slack face at the corner
of the shop table where a group of gorgeous girls were laughing.
“Hey, is that ok? You have to return to your company after.”

“I can’t work overtime without drinking. Anyway... that’s nice...”

Looking at Klein drooping his nose, I sighed and took a drink of
my tea.

Well, the scene was certainly a feast to the eyes. Asuna, Lisbeth,
Silica, Sasha, Yuriel, Suguha and other female players assembled in full
force were worth taking a picture of. No - in fact, I should take a picture
for Yui.
Someone had already sunk into the stool across from me, he was
wearing a suit, and unlike Klein, he gave off the impression of a decent
businessman. He was the supreme leader of «The Army», Sinker.
I raised my glass and said:

256

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“By the way, I heard you married Yuriel-san. It’s bit late but Congratulations.”
Clinking our drinks, Sinker smiled with embarassment.

“Well, I am still doing my best to re-adjust to the real world. My
job is finally on the right track...”
Klein also raised his tumbler and leaned over.

“No, I’m really happy for you! Damn, I wish I’d found a partner
over there too. That reminds me, I saw that new publication: «MMO
Today».”
Sinker once again revealed a shy smile.

“No, I’m ashamed... It is still lacking on content... Also with the
present MMO circumstances, capture data or news is pretty much
meaningless.”
“This feeling is like the chaos at the birth of the universe.”

I nodded, and looked at the shopkeeper who was shaking the
shaker with a ‘chakachaka’ sound.
“Agil, how did it go? After that - about the «Seed».”

The bald headed giant grinned, exposing a smile that could make
a child cry, and very happily said:

“Awesome. There are now about 50 mirror servers... around
100,000 downloads. About 300 large servers are running it.”

The «World Seed» entrusted to me by Kayaba Akihiko’s conscious
modeling program —
257

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Several days after my meeting with Kayaba’s female assistant,
with some help from Yui, I downloaded the huge file that had been
stored in my Nerve Gear’s local memory onto a memory chip and
brought it to Agil’s shop. The reason I took it there was because I
thought he was my only acquaintance who could help the seed
germinate.

For Kayaba and his creation, the floating castle Aincrad, of course
there were some feelings of hatred. The world of that death game had
killed some people who had ties to my heart. For those people who
died in fear - and also for her, I would never forgive Kayaba.
However, even among that great hatred, there exists a feeling of
sympathy, which I unfortunately can’t deny.

Because there was life and death, that castle truly felt like a real
and different world. Even though I was eager to escape that world, at
the same time, I loved it deeply. There was surely an everlasting feeling
of hope deeply etched in the depths of my heart.

Thus, I thought that I should at least find out what buds from the
«Seed».
The Seed of the World.

Developed by Kayaba, it was the complete sensory environment
for the FullDive system, it was called «The Seed», a preset series of
program packages.

Kayaba modified the SAO server autonomous control program
«Cardinal», downsizing it to be able to run on small servers, above that
he added game components for development to the package.

In other words, if you want to create a VR world, you need a so-so
big server with enough bandwidth, download the package, design the

258

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

3D objects or put in an existing one, run the program, then a new world
will be born.
The development of a program to control the input and output of
five senses was extremely difficult. All VR games which were currently
operating in the whole world were controlled by the cardinal system
developed by Kayaba in Argus, with a terrifyingly huge licencing fee.

With the fallout of Argus, the program rights were transferred to
RECTO, and when RECTO Progress was dissolved, there were offers to
sell the rights, but with the enormous price tag, and the decline of the
VR game genre due to social criticism, not a single company accepted,
so the VR genre itself seemed to be in retirement.

What appeared on the stage was the completely free compact VR
control system, «The Seed». Agil made full use of his connections to
thoroughly inspect the program entrusted to me, confirming there was
no danger of any kind.

Where Kayaba’s real intention was - to say that there is no risk in
the program, and what happens after it was released, no one knows
other than Kayaba himself. However, I think the basis of his intentions
originate from one simple feeling.
That was the pursuit of «another true world», an endless dream.

I asked Agil to help upload «the seed» to servers around the
world, completely free to everyone, whether personal or companies.

For the dead ALfheim Online, it was saved by ALO players, who
had many people from venture companies.
259

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

They funded a new company, and bought all of the ALO data from
RECTO for a very small fee.

The vast land of Alfheim was given birth in a new cradle, all the
player data was completely inherited. It seems less than ten percent of
the previous players left the game due to the incident.

Of course, Alfheim wasn’t the only new world born from this
“Seed”.

Hundreds of companies and individuals who previously couldn’t
afford the licensing fees, started VR game servers one after another.
Though some charged and others were free, they came to be connected
mutually as a natural flow, and some meta rules were introduced. Now,
they are implementing a mechanism that will allow a character created
in one VR game to be converted to other game worlds.

Also, The Seed’s use isn’t only for games. Education,
communication, tourism, new categories of server are born everyday
and every day produces new worlds —

The day when «real area placement» of the VR world exceeded
the size of Japan would not be far away.
Sinker continued with a wry smile, his eyes still immersed in a
dream somewhere.

“We are probably witnessing the creation of a new world. To bind
that world to the term MMORPG is too narrow. I’d like to update the
name on my homepage... though the right word doesn’t come easily.”
“Umm... Hmm...”

260

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Klein folded his arms with his brow furrowed deep in thought. I
elbowed him, and laughingly said:

“Hey, nobody expects anything from someone who has the sense
to name their guild «Fuurinkazan».”

“Say what! To tell you the truth, I’m being flooded with applicants
for the new Fuurinkazan!”
“Ooh. I hope there is a cute girl.”

said:

“Guh...”

Seeing Klein struck speechless, I laughed then turned to Agil and
“Well, has the plan for the second meeting changed?”

“No, tonight at 11 o’clock, in Yggdrasil City.”
“So that means...”

I said, lowering my voice.
“That worked?”

“Yes. It seems they grouped the new servers and used them as
one, after all it’s the «legendary castle». The number of users has
increased, and the capital by a great deal.”
“I hope it runs smoothly.”

- After initialization, the old SAO server was completely discarded.
However, when the development data from Argus was given to the
new managers of ALO, it contained something that no one expected.

I finished drinking my tea, and held the glass in both hands while
looking at the ceiling of the shop. The dark panelling looked like a deep

261

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

night sky. Faint gray clouds flowed through. The moon appeared, dying
the world blue. Then something huge emerged from the distance “Hey Kirito, come here!”

Lisbeth who looked dizzy suddenly shouted as she waved her arm
to get my attention. “...That girl, she couldn’t possibly be drunk...”
While my eyes were fixed on the huge glass filled with a pink
liquid she was holding, I whispered. Hearing me, the outlaw
shopkeeper wore a straight face and said.
“It’s below 1% so it’s fine. Tomorrow is a holiday anyway.”
“Hey hey....”

I shook my head and stood up. It was going to be a long night.

***

Through the jet black night sky, Lyfa was soaring.

She kicked the atmosphere with the four pieces of her wings,
slicing through it, accelerating endlessly. The wind roaring in her ears.

Before, for the sake of gaining the maximum flight distance from a
limited flight, for the most efficient cruising speed, it was necessary to
use a flight method cycling acceleration and gliding, a lot of things had
to be taken into account while flying.
But that was now a thing of the past. The shackles that bound her
did not exist in the current system.
After all, there was no City in the Sky above the World Tree. The
fairies of light, ALF, did not exist. The Fairy King bestowing rebirth to
those who visited him was a fake king.

262

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

However, this world collapsed once, it reincarnated in a new land,
the new rulers - no, moderators, granted the inhabitants of every fairy
race with wings of eternal flight. Not as an ALF, but as the people of
green wind, Sylph, Lyfa felt that it was plenty.

Logging in an hour before the meeting time, Lyfa was flying from
the capital city of the Cait Sith, «Freelia», the place she was staying at
for the moment, she had already been flying continuously for nearly 20
minutes. Meanwhile, without even resting for a second, her wings
simply oscillated with full strength on her order, the magical propellers
emitting a glass green light did not lose power in the slightest,
continuing to respond to Lyfa’s will.

According to Kirito, this new world’s acceleration theory was very
similar to a car’s.

Immediately after taking off, extend the right and left wings to a
greater extent, «torque oriented» - was what Kirito said, but she didn’t
understand it - this flight method allowed a strong kick in the air.

For gradually speeding up, sharpen the angle of the wings,
reducing the amplitude. At the highest speed, the wings are folded
almost in a straight line, oscillating at a speed so high that from the
point of view of the ground, it looks like a colorful comet flying past.
When that stage is reached, the acceleration decreases, how fast you
can go depends only on your spirit. Most players would soon start to
slow down, overcome by fear and mental fatigue.

In the «cross-Alfheim race» that was held last week, Lyfa and
Kirito were in a dead heat, she had jumped ahead at the last second,
taking first place by a very small margin. Those two were so much
better than the other players, that they endanger the chance of a 2nd
race.

263

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

...That time, was a lot of fun...

Lyfa made a small, reminiscent smile while flying. Just before the
goal, when Kirito had overtaken her, he used a dirty trick in order to
make Lyfa laugh, he had yelled a stupid joke and she had burst out
laughing. For revenge, she made an antidote potion into object and
threw it at him, if it missed then her top position would probably have
been in danger and stolen.

Flying in such an event was nice - but after all, when she was able
to empty her head and just concentrate on accelerating to the absolute
limit, that was the thing that she found most comfortable.

Her speed had already risen to the limit after a few tens of
minutes of flight. The earth wrapped in darkness flowing by quickly
became just a strip, small city lights occasionally appeared ahead, but
quickly passed behind.

She felt that she had reached the highest speed so far - while
thinking that, she opened her wings for an instant, bent backward and
threw herself into a quick climb.

Overhead, the huge moon was shining through a break in the
clouds. Aiming toward the blue white disk, she rose like a rocket.

After a few seconds, with a subtle change in the sound of the wind,
she plunged into the sea of clouds. She flew through the black veil like
a bullet shot from a gun. Lightning flashed from point-blank range,
dying the clouds white, but she charged on without minding it.
Before long, she passed through the sea of clouds. Below spread
the world of pale blue moonlight, the clouds forming an endless plain.
The only things she could see were the clouds and the tip of the World
Tree. As her speed was slightly reduced, Lyfa closed her lips, held out

264

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

her fingertips and intently aimed for the moon. It might have just been
her imagination, but the diameter of the silver plate of the moon
seemed to get slightly bigger. A number of craters were clearly visible.
It might have been an illusion, a group of lights in the big central
hallow seemed to shimmer and twinkle. Might there be a town in
which the people of the moon live? A little more - just a little closer However, at last the end of the world, a wall at the altitude limit
caught her. Acceleration decreased, and her body seemed to grow
heavy. The end of the virtual space was just ahead. She couldn’t rise
beyond that, so it couldn’t be helped. But...

Lyfa stretched out with her right hand as much as she could. As if
to seize the moon, she spread her fingers.
She wanted to go. Even higher. Far, far away. Beyond the
stratosphere, separating from gravity, until the moon. No, beyond the
orbit of the planet, beyond the passing comets, into the ocean of stars
—

Her climbing speed finally descended to zero, then became
negative. Still with her hands spread wide, Lyfa began to free-fall in the
night sky. The moon gradually receded.
But Lyfa closed her eyes and smiled.
For now, it’s unreachable, but -

From what she had heard from Kirito, there were plans to
connect ALfheim Online with another larger VRMMO, making a nexus.
For starters, they should be connecting to a game with the moon’s
surface as a stage. That way, it might be possible to fly to the moon.
With each game world added as a planet, the day when there was a
ferry that comes and goes across the sea of stars will come.

265

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Fly anywhere. Go anywhere. But... There is a place she absolutely
can not go.
Suddenly, Lyfa felt lonely.

While falling toward the fluffy clouds, Lyfa hugged her body
tightly with both hands.

She understood the reason for her loneliness. Tonight, in the real
world Kirito - Kazuto brought her to a party, it was that party’s fault.

It was very fun. Until now, new friends that could only be seen in
this world, meeting them for the first time in the real world and talking
with them about many things. Three hours had quickly passed by.
However, at the same time Suguha felt it. They are linked with
something that couldn’t be seen... a very strong bond. In «that world»,
the floating castle Aincrad that currently no longer existed, they fought
together, cried, laughed, and loved, the memories - those, even when
they returned to the real world, still shone from their hearts as a
strong light.
Her feelings of love toward Kazuto hadn’t changed.

At night, saying good night in front of the door. In the morning,
running together to the station, it always felt like soft and warmth
sunlight.

Even if they became real brother and sister, or if not, they might
become strangers living in different cities, that would make her shed
tears of sadness. But right now, living under one roof every day made
her happy. She didn’t need to have all of Kazuto’s heart. As long as
there is a corner that is just for her, is good enough.

266

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

- Finally, she was able to accept it like that.

At that party, she had a feeling that Kazuto was going far away, to
a place that she would never reach. She was not allowed to trespass
within those people’s bond. That place had no room for Suguha.
Because Suguha had no memory of «that castle».
Body small and rounded, Lyfa continued to drop like a meteor.

The sea of clouds was approaching. Because the meeting place
was the newly established Yggdrasil City at the top of the World Tree,
she should have opened her wings and started gliding. But, because her
heart was filled with cold loneliness, she couldn’t move her wings.

Cold wind blew past brushing her face. Steadily stealing the
warmth from her heart. She would just fall like that into the dark sea of
clouds, sinking deeper and deeper Suddenly, her body was caught by something, and she stopped
falling.
“- !?”

Lyfa opened her eyes in surprise.

There was a face in front of her, it belonged to Kirito. He was
holding her with both hands, hovering just above the clouds. ‘Why’ before she could ask, the dark-skinned Spriggan opened his mouth.

“I was worried about how far you were going to rise. I came to
pick you up because it is almost time.”
“...I see ...thanks. “

267

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Lyfa laughed with a smile, flapped her wings and flew from
Kirito’s grasp.

The new ALfheim Online administrators, had transferred all of
the game data from RECTO Progress, which included the character
data from the old Sword Art Online. Therefore, thanks to the
administrative body, the former SAO players were able to choose to
whether or not to use their old characters in ALO, including
appearance.

Because of this, the players that Lyfa played with daily, Silica,
Asuna, Lisbeth have characters infinitely close to reality, beside their
fairy racial characteristics. But when Kirito was given a choice, he did
not revive his earlier appearance, choosing instead to continue with
the figure of a Spriggan. He had also chosen to re-initialize his stats,
dissolving his previous impressive skills and training from scratch.

At this point, Lyfa wanted to know his reason, and asked her
question while they hovered in the sky.

“Hey, onii-cha... Kirito-kun, why didn’t you return to your original
figure like the others?”
“Hmm...”

Kirito crossed his arms, his eyes became cloudy as he seemed to
look into the distance. Then he answered with a small smile.
“The role of that world’s Kirito has ended.”
“...I see.”

Lyfa also wore a small smile.

She had met the Spriggan warrior Kirito first, they went a journey
to the World Tree. Thinking of that, made her little happy.

268

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Moving in space while standing up, Lyfa took Kirito’s right hand.
“Hey, Kirito-kun. Let’s dance.”
“Huh?”

Pulling Kirito whose eyes were wide, she began to glide above the
clouds as if sliding.

“This is the recently developed high level technique. While
hovering you can slowly move in a lateral direction.”
“Oh I see...”

Nothing stimulated Kirito’s mind like a challenge, his expression
turned serious as he began to match Lyfa while gliding. However, he
soon lost his balance and toppled.
“Wooah!”

“Hehe, it won’t work if you try to move forward. Instead, all you
need is a little upward thrust, at the same time glide sideways.”
“Mumuu...”

Lyfa pulled Kirito’s arm as he unsteadily struggled for several
minutes, but as expected of his ability to adapt, he soon looked like he
had mastered the trick.
“Oh... I see, so it’s like this.”
“Right. Good, nice.”

Lyfa smiled as she pulled a small bottle from a pocket at her waist.
Opening the lid and letting it float in the air, drops of silver light spilled
from the bottle, and at the same time a clear string instrumental
ensemble that came out of nowhere could be heard. It was an item sold
by a high-level Puca ministral, stuffed with their performance.
269

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

With the beat of the music, Lyfa slowly stepped into dance.

Large step, small step, another large step, they gently danced
upon the air. With their two hands clasped together, staring into
Kirito’s eyes, improvising to match the direction of movement.

Two people glided, turning round and round on the endless sea of
clouds, lit silently by the pale moonlight. At first a slow movement, but
gradually speeding up, each their steps going farther.
The green light being scattered from Lyfa’s wings overlapped
with the white light scattering from Kirito’s wings, vanishing on
collision. The sound of the wind receded. Lyfa closed her eyes gently.
The feelings in Kirito’s heart flowed through his fingertips, and
she felt and accepted them.
This could be the last time, Lyfa thought.

To date, there had been several times when, with a moment of
magic, the feelings of the two had intertwined. It was probably the last
time for that, too.
Kirito - Kazuto, had his own world. School, comrades, and an
important person. His wings were strong, and his steps too big, the
hand he extended couldn’t quite be reached.

Two years ago, since the day he didn’t return from the journey he
started in that world, indeed their paths had started to grow further
apart. In order to become closer to his back, Lyfa had tried on fairy
wings, but half of Kazuto and those people’s hearts were even now still
occupied by the mirage of the castle that floated in the sky.

With the advances in science and technology, the virtual world
becomes a real one without limits. It goes beyond the boundaries of a

270

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

game, turning from a virtual world into a reality. However, people are
not clever enough to live in many realities. Kazuto had surely
accumulated far too much of his share of joys and sorrows, and of love
in that world. A world of fantasy that Suguha would never be able to
visit.
From her closed eyelids, Lyfa felt the tears pour out.
“- Lyfa...?”

Kirito’s voice reached her ears.

Lyfa opened her eyes, looking into his face with a smile. At the
same time the small bottle that was full of music waned, fading out,
disappearing along with the faint sound of the bottle breaking.
“...I, for today, will be going back.”

Lyfa said as she let go of his hand.
“Eh...? Why...”
“Because...”

Once again, her tears overflowed.

“...It’s too far away, onii-chan’s... and everyone else’s place. For me,
I can’t go there...”
“Sugu...”

Kirito looked at her with serious eyes. He lightly shook his head.

“It’s not like that. If you think you want to go, you can go
anywhere.”

Not waiting for an answer, Kirito grabbed Lyfa’s hand again, and
with a firm grip, turned around.

271

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“Ah...”

With the powerful sound of wings, he began to accelerate.
Straight toward the the World Tree towering beyond the clouds.

Kirito flew at a breakneck speed that didn’t even allow words.
Their linked hands never even loosening slightly, Lyfa frantically tried
to keep up.
The World Tree grew to cover the sky as they approached it.
Among the many branches, at the point where they divided from the
trunk, there were innumerable lights shining. The lights of Yggdrasil
City.

From the center rose a remarkably high tower shining brightly,
toward which Kirito soared.

From the collection of lights, the light leaking from the windows
of the building, and the streetlights illuminating the streets were
beginning to be seen individually - it was at that time.

Multi-layered bells began to sound. It was the bell signaling
midnight in Alfheim. Inside the World Tree, set up in the large upper
cavity above the elevator connecting Yggdrasil City to Aarun, the sound
echoes through the whole world.
Kirito spread his wings wide, suddenly braking.
“Waaah!?”

Lyfa was unable to stop, and they almost collided. Hovering,
Kirito spread his arms and as she bumped into him, stopping her by
hugging her gently.
“We didn’t make it in time. - Here it comes.”

272

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“Eh?”

Not understanding the meaning of his words, Lyfa looked at
Kirito’s face. With a wink and a grin, Kirito pointed to a corner of the
sky. Turning her body around while still in his arms, she looked up at
the night sky.
The huge full moon, glowing a bright, clear blue. - That was all.

“The moon... what about it?”
“There, look carefully.”

Kirito further extended his arm. Lyfa stared hard.

The shining circle of silver, at the upper right edge - was slightly
chipped.
“Eh...?”

Lyfa’s eyes opened wide. Lunar eclipse...? She thought for a
moment, but then remembered that such a thing had never happened
in Alfheim.

The area of the black shadow eroding the moon increased
steadily. However, its shape was not circular. It was like a triangular
wedge biting into it —

Suddenly, Lyfa’s ears caught the sound of a low growl. ‘Gon, gon’
the solemn sound echoed. From far away, the whole sky shook, as if
something was falling.

The shadow that appeared finally stretched to cover the whole
moon. However, the moonlight still shone from beyond the shadow,
illuminating the vague triangular shape. Steadily getting bigger and
bigger. It was coming closer.

273

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

It appeared to be a cone-shaped object. The sense of distance
couldn’t quite be grasped. She strained her eyes, wrinkling her brow.
And Suddenly, the suspended object began to shine.

Bright yellow light was being emitted in all directions.

It looked like it was made with many thin layers stacked together.
Light spilled from the space between the layers. Three huge pillars
hung down from the base, their glowing tips dazzling as well.
A ship...? A home...? Lyfa tilted her head in puzzlement. In the
meantime, it grew bigger. Already, it had come to completely blanket
that part of the sky. A bass sound shook her body.

From the bottom layer to the next, she noticed something as she
stared. Many small projections stretch from the bottom to top. No Those are -

Buildings! Huge buildings with windows on many floors seeming
to be tightly packed. However - from calculating the size of the
buildings, that one building that’s over ten floors is about the same
height as the Tower of the Wind. Then, the floating cone’s full height
must be... hundreds of meters, no, a few kilometers...?
“Ah... No way... No way, that is...”

As she thought about what she was seeing, lightning flashed her
mind, illuminating the truth.
“That is...!”

She turned around and looked at Kirito’s face.

Kirito give one big nod, and spoke in a voice in which the
excitement couldn’t be disguised.

274

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

“Yes. That is - The Floating Castle, Aincrad.”

“- ! ...But ...why? Why here...?”

The huge floating castle slowed, then stopped moving just before
touching the upper branches of the World Tree.
“It’s for a rematch.”

Kirito said in a quiet voice.

“This time, we will perfectly clear from floor one to floor one
hundred, and conquer that castle. Earlier, it ended after being threefourths completed. - Lyfa.”
Kirito placed a hand on her head and continued.
“I have now become weak... Give me a hand.”
“...Ah...”

Lyfa choked on her voice and looked at Kirito’s face.

- If you think you want to go, then you can go anywhere.

Tears fell down her face again, onto Kirito’s chest.
“- Yes. I will go... no matter where... together...”

Snuggling up to Kirito, she watched the absolutely huge floating
castle, from the direction of her feet came a voice.
“Hey, you’re late Kirito!”

Lyfa looked at the source, a yellow and black bandana around his
red hair, a formidable long katana on his waist, Klein was rising up.

Beside him a Gnome with brown glowing skin, was Agil carrying a
huge battle axe on his back.

275

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

Carrying a Leprechaun-only silver hammer, dressed in pure white
and blue apron-dresss was Lisbeth.

With gorgeous long black ears and tail, a small water color dragon
on her shoulder, was Silica.
Flying hand in hand, was Yuriel and Sinker.

Still unused to flying, holding a stick while flying unsteadily was
Sasha.

Unknown when they were gathered, Sakuya and Alicia Rue, along
with several other Cait Sith and Sylph players were next.
Waving his hand and raising came Recon.

Along with General Eugene and an army of Salamanders.
“Hey, we are going to leave you behind!”

Leaving only Klein’s yelling sound behind, the huge party flew
ahead into the night sky, heading to the castle in the sky.

And finally in a white tunic and mini skirt, a silver rapier on her
waist, a small pixie sitting on her shoulder was Asuna, her long blue
hair glittered as she stopped in front of us.
“Let’s go, Lyfa-chan!”

Lyfa timidly grabbed Asuna’s outstretched hand. Asuna smiled,
moved her water colored wings and turned.
Yui flew from Asuna’s shoulder onto Kirito’s shoulder.
“Hey, Papa, hurry!”

Kirito’s piercing glance looked at Aincrad, for a moment he was
downcast. His lips moved, whispering a name, but she couldn’t hear it.

276

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Chapter 9

When Kirito raised his head vigorously, his face had his usual
dauntless smile back on again. He spread his wings wide, aiming for
the sky in front.
“Ok— Let’s go!!”

(END)

277

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Afterword

Afterword
Good day, I am Kawahara Reki. Thank you for holding my 8th
book, ‘Sword Art Online 4: Fairy Dance’.

This one story came in two volumes, with a very long epilogue.
When I started writing, it was just going to be the story of the hero,
Kirito, searching for and finding the heroine, Asuna. But to fulfill this
and that element, the pages started adding up.
One of those element is, “Can only playing a RPG normally
become a novel?”, a trial mistake.

When I wrote the first volume of SAO, I found out that a RPG
novel can’t work without some kind of setting. Because, no matter how
much of a life or death pinch the hero has in the game, the hero in the
real world is not hurt the least. Since that is «just a game», you can
«reset it to end», to remove these two options, the first volume was a
Death Game, that is dying in game means death in a real kind of setting.
But, always inside me, there’s the question ‘does it really have to
be like that’. If a RPG novel can’t be made without this kind of setting,
then that would mean my feelings of excitement and passion as a MMO
player would be fake. Making a party with friends, stepping gingerly
into a dungeon for the first time, the joy from that, I want to see if I can
make a story out of it. This is a huge theme in these two volumes of
“Fairy Dance”.

278

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Afterword

How well I accomplish it... if you who finished reading the last
page thinks ‘I want to try a MMO’ then you would have understood
(laugh).

Based on a «Virtual Netgame Novel», this expansion of SAO
series, from the next volume will be a big turn of the wheel, it will start
to wander around or runaway completely. This might extremely
disturb people who like the first test. The only thing that will never
change is that it will be Kirito’s story (laugh). I would be happy if you
continue to watch his future adventures.

Many characters from the previous volumes and monster group
were beautifully drawn and illustrated by Abec-san, the many
revisions which delayed again and again trouble my editor Miki-san, I
thank you both again this time! And to you who stuck with me to the
last, I thank you for your large storage capacity!

28th January 2010, Kawahara Reki

279

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Credits

Credits

Sword Art Online 4
Fairy Dance
Story
Illustration
Translators

Kawahara Reki
abec

KuroiHikari
- Prologue

Black Cats of The Full Moon
- Chapter 5-9/Afterword

Project Hosted at www.baka-tsuki.org

280

Sword Art Online Volume 4 – Fairy Dance
Credits

281

