Color Illustrations

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

Prologue
“AGI(Agility) being all powerful is just an illusion!”

The man’s high tones spread throughout the spacious bar.

“It is true that AGI is an important attribute as it determines firing
speed and avoidance rate. These two factors could make you very
strong, until now that is.”

That speech came from a player in the square holo-panel floating
in the center of the dim shop.

It was the net broadcast, «MMO Stream»‘s popular corner, «This
Week’s Winning Group». You could watch it in the real world from a
television or a computer, but it was also broadcasted in many VRMMO
worlds’ inns and bars simultaneously, so most players liked to watch it
«inside».
Especially when the guest player was from «This World».

“But AGI is a relic of the past and to the cripples who had been
increasing AGI for 8 months, I can only say this - you have my
condolences.”

This sarcastic speech caused a loud chorus of booing to erupt in
the shop, and many bottles and glasses were smashed onto the floor
scattering as tiny pieces of polygon before disappearing.

But «he» ignored all the fuss and sat curled up in the sofa at the
shop’s deepest corner.

8

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

With his camouflage cloak’s hood pulled down to his eyebrows
and his lower face covered by a thick cloth, he coldly surveyed the shop
interior.

He hated not only the man on the screen with his nose in the air,
but was also displeased with the dumb looks of the players watching
the TV. Everyone booing and howling like wolves, but still enjoying the
festival-like disturbances.

Why were they so mindless, «he» could not understand. The man
in the TV became the strongest in the world only by pure luck, and at
the same time became the biggest exploiter.

In front of all the players who paid connection fees, he was a
strutting gamer.

Like «him», all the players should envy and hate that guy. If that
feeling was ugly, so be it : to hide it by just laughing with a mixture of
ugliness, it wasn’t funny at all.

«He» was very tense under his cloak, and he breathed out from
between tightly clenched teeth. It was not yet time, and pulling the
trigger would come just a bit later.

He returned his gaze to the holo-panel, as the camera zoomed-out,
the show’s host to the speaker’s right and another guest sitting to his
left came into the frame.
The hostess of the show, a girl dressed in a full body techno-pop
style outfit, said sweetly :

“Truly, as a top player in one of the hardest of all the VRMMO
games, «Gun Gale Online», what you just told us is a bit extreme.”

9

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“No, being interviewed on «MST» is a once in a life time thing and
I’ve said what I wanted to say.”

“Well, well, well, You will be aiming to win the «Bullet of Bullets»
this time too, right?”
“Of course, if I enter I would want to be the winner.”

The man combed his long silvered-blue hair, and faced the
camera with an undefeated announcement. The shop was once again
ravaged by a storm of booing.

MMO Stream wasn’t Gun Gale Online’s, normally called GGO,
internal content, but the host and guests were avatars, not their real
bodies. «This Week’s Winning Group» went to different VRMMO games
each week and invited their top players for the interview show. This
week’s guests were from GGO’s previous monthly battle royal, known
as Bullet of Bullets (BoB). It was used to determine the strongest
players, and the guests were the winner and runner-up player.
“But, Zekushiido-san.”

After hearing the boasting of the winner with long silver hair, the
runner-up opened his mouth, unable to bear it any longer.

“BoB isn’t a solo encounter. The 2nd time might not be the same
result, what is all this talk about winning based on attribute type?”

“No no, this winning result is to show the whole of GGO and as
Yamikaze-san is an AGI type, I understand your feelings of denial.”
The winner called Zekushiido immediately retorted.

“...Till now, increasing AGI, and shooting high powered weapons
at a fast pace was the best style. That also gave an increased evasion
bonus, which helped compensate for the low stamina. But MMOs are

10

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

not like standalone games, and game balances can change over time.
Especially with this level up aspect, you can’t change your attributes
around, so you have to plan beforehand for endgame and use your
points wisely. Even if a fighting style is strongest at this level bracket,
in the next level that might not be true. You will understand if you
think about it, the weapons coming out from now on will need
increasing STR and Accuracy to use. Winning by using evasion to avoid
damage is a naive belief that won’t always last and my fight with
Yamikaze-san showed that. Your bullets were blocked by my bulletresistant armor and lost their power, but my shots hit 70% of the time.
To say it clearly, from now on it’s time for a STR-VIT style.”
Reined in by that storm of words, Yamikaze’s face became
distorted by chagrin.

“...But, this is the result of the rare gun that barely met your
strength requirement which Zekushiido-san had acquired right before
the tournament. How much did you pay for it anyways?”

“No way! That was a rare drop I looted through my efforts. For
this reason, the most important attribute might really be Luck, hahaha.”
While the silver haired man laughed in the holo-panel, «He»
stared with resentment, and his right hand moved under his cloak.
Looking for the grip at the holster on his waist, he held on to the hard
metallic surface. Almost - almost, the time was almost upon him. He
looked at the time displayed on the side of his field of vision. Just one
minute and twenty seconds more.
The two people sitting at a table beside «him», were chatting
while taking drinks from their jugs.

“Blah, saying good conditions. Back then, Zekushiido-san was the
one who said AGI type was the strongest.”

11

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

“Thinking back now, that popular rumor might have been a trap...
We were tricked...”

“Does this mean that saying that the STR-VIT setup is now the
strongest is also a bluff?”
“Then what did he really do? Increase LUK?”

“You do it.”
“No way.”

As the two laughed, their words made «him» even angrier. How
could anyone laugh like that after finding out they had been tricked, He
could not understand.

- But, that foolish laughter would soon freeze in their throats,
when they saw the real strength, the real strongest player.
Finally, it was time.

«He» stood up with barely a sound and moved step by step
between the tables. No one stayed within «his» eyes.
Foolish people... tremble in fear.

«He» stopped at the center of the bar, directly under the holopanel. From his waist holster under his cloak, he drew out a rustic
handgun.

Like concentrated, crystallized darkness, it gave off a cold, black,
metallic shine. Even the grip of the gun was metallic, instead of
serrations, and the center was embellished with stars. From the shape
alone, it did not look very powerful and looked similar to any other
automatic handgun available everywhere.
But that gun had a «Real Strength».

12

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

With a click, «He» pulled back the cylinder and loaded a round,
and with trembling hands pointed the gun up - at the holo-panel.
Aimed at the forehead of the laughing Zekushiido, the strongest player.
«He» remained like that for a while, and the people around finally
noticed him and became noisy. Even for the unlimited PK game GGO,
attacking in the streets was not possible. Even if it could fire, it
wouldn’t damage any player or object.
A few people laughed at «His» pointless action but «He» was not
affected, and continued to aim the black gun.
In the panel, Zekushiido continued his nasty tirade.

Zekushiido’s real body was lying somewhere, with the
«AmuSphere» on his head connecting him to MMO Stream’s virtual
studio. That was, he had no idea that a gun was aimed at his character
on the TV screen of a bar, at the shopping center in GGO’s world capital
«SBC Gurokken».
But «His» mouth opened, and shouted as loud as he could.

“Zekushiido! You fake winner! Now, taste the truth of real power!!”

Surrounded by the stunned silence of players nearby, «He» held
up his left hand, with his finger going to his head, chest, left shoulder,
then right shoulder making the sign of a cross.
While lowering his left hand, his right hand pulled the trigger.

In the dim bar, the metallic bullet flew in a straight line - and hit
the front of the holo-panel, a small light effect flashed.
That was all. On the screen, Zekushiido’s mouth kept moving.

13

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

At that time, laughter filled the shop. ‘Ahaha’ ‘He did it’ and other
words were spoken and over the amused chattering, Zekushiido’s
speech continued.

“...In the end, including selecting stats and skills, it all depends on
the player’s real life strengths and abilities...”
Suddenly, the voice froze.

The crowd in the bar turned back to the panel.

Zekushiido, with his mouth still wide open, froze with bulging
eyes. His hand raised weakly, trying to grasp the center of his chest.

Immediately, his character disappeared, leaving only the polygon
chair behind and the host quickly said in panic.

“Oh no, his connection seems to be disconnected but he should be
back soon, everyone do not change your channel and stay tune...”

But no one in the shop heard these words as, in the stunned
silence, everyone had turned to focus on «Him».

«He» relaxed his aim at the monitor and pulled back his gun
holding it horizontally. In this pose, he slowly turned around and
looked at the shocked players in the shop.

After one complete revolution, he again held his black gun high in
the air and shouted.
“...This, is real strength, real power! Foolish people, engrave the
fear of this name in your hearts!”
He took a deep breath-

“This gun’s name and I : «Death Pistol» - «Death Gun»!!”
14

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Prologue

«He» sheathed the gun in his holster and waved his left hand for
the menu window.

While pressing the Log Out button, «His» feeling of triumph, was
multiplied by his raging hunger for more.

15

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

Chapter 1
“Welcome, table for one?”

As the waiter bowed respectfully, I replied that I was looking for
someone, and swept my eyes across the vast expanse of the cafe.

From a window seat inside, a loud and unreserved voice
immediately called me over.
“Hey Kirito-kun, over here!”

Elegant classical music circulated around the dining area, and the
low chattering of pleasant conversation died down within a splitsecond as I entered, all eyes focused on me with criticism. Dressed in
my old leather jacket and patched jeans, about 80% of the store upper-class women taking a break from shopping - seemed to feel that
I was in the wrong place; I felt resentment starting to swell up from
deep within towards the person who asked me to come here.

If it were a sweet and attractive girl, I would have been able to put
up with it, but unfortunately the hand waving at me belonged to a man
in a suit. I didn’t bother to conceal my displeasure and sat into the
chair roughly with a ‘dosun’ sound.
A waiter emerged at my side to present me with a cool glass of
water and a warm hand towel, along with the menu. As I picked up the
elegant wooden and leather cover, a sunny voice expressed itself from
across the table.
“It’s my treat this time, so order whatever you like.”

16

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“I would have even if you didn’t say that.”

I retorted sharply and scrolled my eyes down the menu;
shockingly, their cheapest item «Choux à la Crème» was already in the
1200 yen range, and I almost ordered a plain coffee by pure reflex.
After remembering that this man was a highly paid bureaucrat, and
that the cost of such entertainment would be covered as a business
expense by hard-earned taxpayer money, I, who had nearly been taken
for an idiot, calmly began ordering.

“Aah... I will have the parfait au chocolat... and a mille-feuille... and
finally a hazelnut coffee.”

Somehow, I had managed to say the entire order without biting
my tongue despite having absolutely no idea what I had just ordered.
The menu choices added up to three thousand nine hundred yen. I had
considered asking for just a hamburger and shake, using the difference
to line my pockets with.
“Very well, Sir.”

Waiter-shi eloquently took his leave, and finally taking a breath, I
looked up at the man, called Kikuoka Seijirou, as he ate a ginormous
pudding stacked over a veritable mountain of fresh cream.

His face resembled your typical serious and strict Japanese
language teacher, with his black frame glasses and tacky hair look.
Despite not looking the part, he was indeed a Japanese government
official. He belonged to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications Technology, Second Separated Advanced Network
Division, or, as it’s called within the ministry, the Virtual Storage
Management Sector of the Communication Network’s Management
Division; the «Virtual Division».

17

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

In other words, this man monitored the state of chaos in the new
VR world, as an agent of the State... or a potential scapegoat. Normally,
I would feel bad if he did get fired from his position, but in reality, I
thought it was highly possible.

It is this unfortunate Kikuoka-shi who, having finally inhaled the
last of the pudding into his mouth, looked up to reveal an innocent
smile with pure bliss plastered over his face.
“Yah, Kirito-kun, sorry for calling you out on such short notice.”

“If you feel any remorse then you should not have called me to
Ginza in the first place.”

“The fresh cream here is the best. Maybe I should get a Cream
Puff while we’re at it...”

While wiping my hands with the citrus scented towel, I let out a
sigh and said:
“...and also, I don’t think you have the right to call me ‘Kirito’.”

“That’s so cruel ~~ wasn’t I the first person by your side when
you woke up a year ago?”

ー Unfortunately, that was a fact. Waking up after having escaped
that «Death Game», the first person to visit was Kikuoka, the acting
home-side agent of the counter-measure team, at my bedside.

Back then, I had used polite and courteous speech, as he had
seemed well-meaning and genuinely concerned, but I soon realized
that was not his only reason for getting close to me, and I started using
a sharp tongued manner of speech. It could have been his intentions to
exploit me from the start - but that might just be me over-analyzing
things.

18

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

I glanced over to Kikuoka, who seemed distressed over the
decision of placing yet another order, and opened my mouth after
realizing that I should not let myself get caught in his pace.

“News has it that a huge deposit of rare metals was discovered at
Sagami Bay, and the related big shots have organized a celebratory
Oklahoma mixer dance. Don’t be so troubled over just one cream puff.”
These words caused Kikuoka to raise his head, blink a few times,
and smile.

“Well, no matter the yield gained, because it is unrelated to my
department, I do not believe we will benefit from it. I’ll just bear with
my hunger, for the sake of our economy.”
sigh.

The diplomat snapped the menu shut and I let out yet another

“Ok then, it is about time you tell me why you called me here. ...I
bet it’s just to investigate another virtual crime isn’t it?”
“Oh, Kirito-kun saying it straight out really makes this easier.”

After such a bold statement, Kikuoka took a briefcase from the
chair next to him and pulled out a very thin tablet terminal.
- Yes, after all, this man used survivors of Japan’s largest net
crime, «The Sword Art Online Incident», like me as informants.

Normally, to investigate the origins of a crime, Public Safety
would generally pay a fee for information provided by «Collaborators»
and «Watchdogs», among other things, making it like a «Business Deal».
If that were the case, then calling me out to eat cake like this could be
seen as just «Business» with Kikuoka.
19

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

I really wanted to think of it that way, but this was the same man
who had broken the rules to tell me which hospital Asuna was in, and
that was a debt that I still owed him.

Without that information, I would have been delayed in finding
Yuuki Asuna in the real world and as such, it may not have been
possible to find out the devilish plots of Sugou Nobuyuki and rescue
Asuna from his clutches.

As such, for the time being given the circumstances, I did not
object to being Kikuoka’s «Watchdog» very much. Although quite
recently I have stopped using polite and courteous speech and started
ordering the more expensive cakes.
Meanwhile, whether or not he was aware of that fact, my
benefactor played around with his tablet terminal and said lazily:

“Weeell, about that, this time it’s about the increase in the rate of
virtual space crimes, you see...”
“Hmm. Specifically?”

“Let’s see... Just this November more than 100 cases of virtual
theft, property damage, and etc. were observed and filed. Moreover,
there have been 13 cases in which VR game disputes have lead to real
world manifestations with one incident leading to death... That one
case had been quite a big incident so Kirito-kun must know about it
already, someone made a replica western sword and swung it around
Shinjuku Station slashing two people to death. Uhyaa, the blade was
1.2 meters long, and weighed 3.5 kg. How did he manage to swing that
thing around?”

20

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“It seemed like a hardcore player using drugs and hallucinating...
Although looking at this one case alone doesn’t help very much when
put into a general perspective compared to all the other cases...”

“Indeed, in terms of the overall national crime rate, these barely
amount to anything, but concluding from a myopic perspective it may
be VRMMO games that breed such social unrest. However, as you had
previously mentioned...”

“- VRMMO games do cause people to lower certain boundaries in
reality. It is something even I recognize.”

At that time, the waiter returned with silent footfalls and placed
in front of me two plates of dessert and a cup of coffee.
“Would this be everything Sir?”

After a nod, he placed a bill with a scary figure face down on the
edge of the table. I took a sip of the coffee that exuded a nutty aroma
and continued our conversation.

“... As PKing is seen in most of these games as just another daily
occurrence, it isn’t impossible for such an environment to serve as a
training ground for real world murders. Especially in this new genre of
games, where cutting off a wrist leads to blood spurting out and slicing
open a stomach results in internal organs spilling out. Above that, are
also hardcore maniacs who would rather commit suicide than log out.”

A throat was cleared from a nearby table with an interrupting
‘ahem’, to reveal two prim and proper women glaring daggers directed
at me. I lowered my head, and continued in a quieter voice:

“Given such common daily occurrences, it isn’t much of a mystery
for some idiot to have brought back that practice into reality. I too, feel
21

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

the need for some sort of counter-measures to be put into place,
although the law would be nearly useless in such a case.”
“Useless?”
“Useless.”

With a golden spoon, I carefully skimmed off a thin layer of pink
cream and cake, cautiously transporting it to my mouth as I thought to
myself, that each spoonful was worth 100 yen. While savoring each
delicious morsel as it literally melted in my mouth, I continued on our
debate of savagery.

“...Not even if you closed off the network. Because the VRMMO
networking server is relatively easy to set-up, no matter how much you
ban it in Japan, users and traders will just move overseas.”
“Hmm...”

Kikuoka’s dignified gaze fell onto the table, and after a few
seconds of thought, he opened his mouth.
“...Your mille-feuille looks good... may I have a bite?”

“...”

I directed my third sigh, along with my plate, towards Kikuoka.
This career dignitary then proceeded to steal with great gusto,
approximately 280 yen’s worth of my mille-feuille, and stuffed his
cheeks.
“But you know, Kirito-kun, I was just thinking... Why PK? Isn’t
getting along nicely with everyone else more fun than just killing
them?”

“...You play ALO too, so you should already have an idea, as long
before FullDive, there’d already been MMORPGs that stole from each

22

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

other. To say the least, because such games do not technically have
definitive endings, some form of endgame content has to serve for
player’s motivation... like seeking and playing for the feeling of
superiority over others, I think.”
“Oh?”

In the midst of his chewing, Kikuoka raised his eyebrows as if to
request a further explanation. Seriously, why did we have to talk about
that, deep inside I considered poisoning him, half for the sake of
revenge as I continued:

“...It’s not just limited to the game. Wanting to be recognized,
wanting to climb even higher than others, isn’t that the basic structure
of our society? Even you should understand as those in the same
department as you, there are government officials who are envious of
others with a better university degree or have faster promotions due
to connections; but on the other hand, they look down at the nongovernment officials with a smug sense of superiority. Finally those
with both inferiority and superiority in balance can eat cake with
peaceful faces, isn’t it?”
Kikuoka swallowed the mille-feuille, and smiled gingerly.

“You are quite frank with your spite aren’t you? So what about
Kirito-kun? How do you take the balance?”
“...”

Of course, despite having an inferiority complex as high as a
mountain, I have no intention of telling this guy. With an ignorant face,
I fired back:
“...Well, at least I’m together with my girlfriend.”

23

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“I see, I am jealous to death over that one point, Kirito-kun. The
next time we’re in ALO, wouldn’t you introduce me to some girls? Take
the Sylph Lord for example, she is just my type.”

“I’ll tell you in advance, the moment you say ‘I’m actually a high
ranking bureaucrat’, you’ll get decapitated.”
“If it’s by her, then I wouldn’t mind being killed once. - So?”

“So, about this superiority complex, it’s surprisingly hard to fulfill
in the real world. It’s not something you can get unless you work really
hard. You’ll have to study hard to get better grades, to get better at
sports, become cooler, or more attractive... All of which require a lot of
time and energy and there is no concrete guarantee of payoff, above
that the requirements are near impossible to achieve anyway.”

“I see. After all, I did study to death for my exams, and still did not
get into Toudai.”

For some reason, having seen Kikuoka smile so happily while
speaking about the subject, I suppressed the desire to make a smart
remark and quickly continued talking.

“Then, MMORPG to the rescue. Here, time sacrificed doesn’t pass
in vain like in reality and your character will become stronger as you
find rare items, learn more skills, and have higher stats. Of course
you’d still have to work hard, but that’s because it’s still a game. Rather
than studying or training your muscles, this is a lot more fun.
Equipping expensive gear to show off your high level while walking
down the avenues of a main street, you will definitely attract a lot of
envious attention from those weaker than you... virtually, that is. If you
go to the hunting grounds, you can defeat monsters with
overwhelming power, or save a party in a pinch. Be thanked, be
respected -”

24

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Virtually?”

“...Of course, that’s only one aspect of it and MMO games also do
have many other elements to them. But, network games with social
networking as the main theme have been around for a long time, and
none has been more successful than MMORPG.”

“...I see, that kind games are hard to satisfy the need to feel
superior?”

“Yes. - Then VRMMO games came out. In these games, you can
walk down the street yourself instead of through an avatar character.
Where previously you would have had to settle for fantasizing about it
through your computer screen, you now actually feel the gazes fixed
upon you.”
“Hmn. That is true I guess, because when you walk side by side
with Asuna-chan in Yg-city, everyone stares.”

“...You say such spiteful things so bluntly. In any case, in VRMMO
games, so long as you take the time to do it, anyone can achieve a sense
of superiority. Compared to how well you study, how good you are at
soccer or how much money you have, is much simpler, much more
primitive, and appeals directly to human instinct.
“...In other words...?”

“In other words, it’s «Strength», physical, arduous strength. With
your own hands, the power to destroy your opponent. In a way, it’s like
being on drugs.”
“...«Strength» ...Or the greatest «Power», huh.”

Kikuoka murmured with some kind of nostalgia.
25

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“...Boys will, no matter who, always seek strength at one point or
another... doing things such as reading fighting-based manga and
wanting to train the same way they do. But, usually most of them will
immediately recognize the futility of doing so, and start to pursue a
more realistic goal... - I see, then are VRMMO’s not another chance to
pursue such goals, I wonder.”

I nodded, and as I rarely speak so much, soothed my dry throat
with some coffee before speaking.
“Aah. Some games from the fighting genre also seem to merge
into reality, where alliances and schools of martial arts are formed.”
“Oh? Which means?”

“In other words... What characters learn in-game could very well
lead them to become experts in things like This-and-That-StyledKarate or Here-and-There-Styled-Kenpou. That in turn could
reproduce some of the stereo-typified scenes of Shinjuku and Shibuya,
leading to some outlaw bros taking out enemy characters, the Tekken
system of justice. ...Following that, obviously I can’t teach you to
understand their hearts. People who live in this kind of games might
want to try out the skills they learn in VRMMOs in the real world... or
might already have, that possibility does not exist, is unfortunately not
something I am able to say - such are my sentiments.”
“I see... It’s an invasion of the VRMMO concept of «strength» into
reality, huh. Hey, Kirito-kun.”
Kikuoka, his face once again turning serious, looked at me.

“That, are we only talking about only psychological issues here?”
“...What do you mean?”

26

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Beside their psychological resistance to committing acts of
violence being lowered, and also being able to gather the knowledge
and skill required to commit violence... In reality, their physical
attributes somehow accommodating these changes... that kind of thing
doesn’t occur, right?”
This time, it was my turn to think and reflect.

“...That is, using the example from before, that the physical
strength required to swing around a 3.5 kg sword in Shinjuku, was
developed by the man in the game-world... you mean?
“Yes, that.”

“Hmm... As for the FullDive system affecting the human nervous
system, it seems that research has just begun. But in reality, lying down
for long periods of time would certainly result in diminished overall
strength, although such brute strength surfacing just for an instant
could be due to the rush of adrenaline in the heat of the moment... - But
that’s more your field than mine, right?”

“A long time ago, I went to listen to what a professor had to say
about neurophysiology, and it was like Greek to me... We may have
gotten off track a lot, but we’ve reached today’s objective. Please take a
look at this.”
Kikuoka played with his tablet, and handed it to me.

I accepted it, and on the LCD screen, I saw the mug-shot of a man I
did not recognize, with his home and other profile next to it. He had
extensively long hair, silver rimmed glasses and quantity of neck and
cheek fat.
“...Who’s this?”

27

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

Accepting the terminal back from me, Kikuoka moved his fingers
around.

“Riight, last month... on the 14th of November. At an apartment
located in Nakano Ward, Tokyo, the landlord noticed an unpleasant
smell while cleaning up around the area. He tried to reach the resident
through the inter-phone, but there was no response and there was no
answer on the regular phone either. But as the room’s lights were still
on he released the electronic lock out of curiosity, and found this man...
Shigemura Tamotsu, age 26, dead. It seems he had died five and half
days ago. There were no signs of the room being ravaged, and the body
was lying on the bed wearing on his head...”
“An AmuSphere, I’m guessing.”

I had one of those in my room too, two overlapping golden rings
that formed a piece of head gear, the FullDive machine popped up in
my mind as I said it, then Kikuoka lightly nodded.
“That’s right. - Immediately we contacted his family members,
and ordered a post-mortem autopsy to investigate the mysterious
death. Cause of death: acute heart failure.”

“Heart failure? The one where a heart suddenly stops beating
right? Why did it happen?”
“We don’t know.”

“...”

“As a long time had passed since the time of death and the
probability of it being a crime is low, we didn’t do a detailed autopsy.
But it seems like he had not eaten for 2 days after having logged in
continuously.”
28

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

I frowned once again.

To be honest, such cases aren’t all that rare. Why? Because
although having eaten nothing in reality, having consumed something
while inside a VRMMO means that you still feel full, and the feeling
lasts for a few hours. Addicts, or those so-called hard-core gamers,
tend to consider time outside gaming as time wasted, and cases where
people don’t eat for 1 or 2 days really aren’t that rare.

However, if such routines are consistent, it’d be impossible not to
have negative repercussions on the body. A malnourished victim living
alone having an attack... wasn’t a very rare case at all.
Closing my eyes for a moment and after praying for Shigemurashi to find happiness in the next world, I opened my mouth.
“...while this is tragic, but...”

“Indeed it’s depressing, but it is common these days. Because
such an incident won’t appear on the news, and the family members
won’t say much as they want to conceal the fact of dying from this way
due to a game, we can’t seem to conduct any further investigations. In a
way, such a death can also be seen as an invasion of VRMMOs, but... “
“...You wouldn’t normally call me out just to hear a surface theory
right? What’s up with this case?”
At my question, Kikuoka glanced at his terminal, and answered.

“This Shigemura-kun installed only one game on his AmuSphere.
«Gun Gale Online»... heard about it?”

“That’s... obviously a given. Due to the fact that it’s the only
VRMMO game in Japan with «Pro» playing; I haven’t played it myself,
though.”

29

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“It seems that in Gun Gale Online... Abbreviated GGO, he was
ranked as the top player. That was decided in an event during October
to find the strongest. His character’s name was «Zekushiido».”
“...Then, did he die while logged into GGO?”

“Actually, no, he didn’t. His avatar, «Zekushiido», was being
featured on «MMO Stream», a channel hosted by one of the net
stations.”

“Aah... You mean M-ST’s «This Week’s Winning Group»? That
reminds me, I remember hearing that one of their guests lost
connection during a show and it stopped in the middle...”

“Yeah, probably that one. He suffered heart failure while on the
show. Their log recorded everything to the exact second. Then, this is
unconfirmed information... Around the time of the heart failure,
something weird happened in GGO, according to a user’s blog.”
“Weird?”

“MMO Stream also broadcast in GGO right?”

“Aah. They usually air in pubs.”

“It happened in a pub that was airing the show, off a street in the
capital city «SBC Gurokken» of the GGO world. So, the problem is that
around that time, one of the players happened to do something really
strange.”
“...”

“Anyway, toward a televised image of Zekushiido-shi, «He»
discharged a gun while screaming about judgment and death. Having
seen that, one of the players who had coincidentally been recording the
event uploaded it onto a video site. The uploaded clip also included a

30

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

counter in JST... And... The gun was fired on the 9th of November, at
11:30 PM, 02 seconds. Shigemura-kun’s sudden disappearance from
the show, at 11:30 PM, 15 seconds.”
“...Just a coincidence right.”

I said, as I moved my second plate in front of me.

Taking a spoon-full of some tea-colored cylindrical thing, I
brought it to my mouth. At once, its coldness surprised me. If it were a
type of cake, it’d be an ice-cream cake, I thought. With sweetness that
was barely contained, the densely packed chocolate essence began to
unfurl, overpowering the bitter taste of the conversation that Kikuoka
had started.

I polished off a third into my stomach and continued from where I
had left off.

“Becoming the top ranked player of GGO would naturally cause
others to hate him and envy him beyond the degree found in other
VRMMOs. To shoot the actual person might require a lot of bravery, but
it’s not very strange for the TV image to have been shot at.”
“Yes, however, there was another incident.”
“...What?”

My spoon-hand froze, and I looked up into Kikuoka’s unchanging
poker face.

“This time, it happened just about 10 days ago, on the 28th of
November. A dead body was found in the unit of a 2-story apartment
building in Ômiya Ward, Saitama City, Saitama prefecture. A
newspaper seller thought he was being ignored as the unit’s lights
were still on, despite there being no answer, he tried the door knob

31

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

and it wasn’t locked. Looking inside, a man was found lying on his
futon wearing an AmuSphere, with a similar odor...”

Ehem! A deliberately cleared throat put our conversation on hold;
we looked at the same two women from before, at a table near ours, as
they glared condemningly and gave us the evil eye. But, in a
surprisingly bold move by Kikuoka, he nodded at them and continued
our conversation.

“...Well, let’s skip the details of the postmortem autopsy. This time,
it was also confirmed to be death by heart failure. His name... let’s skip
that too. Male, 31 years old. He was also a very strong GGO player and
his character’s name... was «Usujio Tarako 1»? Is this the right name?”
“A while back in SAO, there was a guy called «Hokkai Ikura 2», so
they’re probably related. Was this Tarako-shi also on a TV program?”

“No, this time it was an in-game incident. From the AmuSphere’s
log, his connection was cut off about 3 days before the body was found,
on the 25th of November, at 10:00:04 PM, Estimated time of death is
also thought to be around that period. At that time, he was at
Gurokken’s town square attending a Squadron - a guild, apparently meeting. He’d jumped onto the stage to voice an opinion, and a player
who crashed the meeting shot him with a gun. Although city streets are
areas where all and any damage received would get instantly voided,
he was angered by gunman’s assault and went after him, then suddenly
disappeared. This information was also taken from a net forum thread,
so the authenticity leaves much to be desired, but...”

“The gunman, is it the same player from the «Zekushiido»
incident?”
1
2

‘Tarako’ means ‘Cod Roe’ (as in the fish’s eggs).
‘Ikura’ means ‘Salmon Roe’.

32

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“You can think of it that way. After all, words like ‘justice’ and
‘strength’ were also spoken by a player with the same character name
as from the previous case.”
“...What kind of...?”

Kikuoka checked his tablet, and frowned.
“«Death Pistol»... That and «Death Gun»“
“A Death... Gun...”

- In other words, «Death Gun»?

I placed my spoon on the now empty plate, as I repeated that
name to myself over and over in my thoughts. Such a character name,
no matter how much it was intended as a joke, really did give off a
certain impression of the character. Death Gun, the impression that
name evoked was of black metallic coldness.
“...You’re sure that Zekushiido and Usujio Tarako both died of
heart failure, right?”
“If I said yes?”

“And... No brain damage?”

Upon hearing that, Kikuoka caught my drift and grinned.

“That bothered me too. And I confronted the forensics team about
it, but they couldn’t find any abnormalities like cerebral hemorrhages
or cerebral arterial occlusions.”
“...”

“Also, with Nerve Gear... Ah, are you fine, discussing this?”

“I’m fine.”

33

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“...With Nerve Gear, when it kills a user, its signal sensors turn
into a high powered microwave which destroys a part of the brain, but
AmuSpheres are not made to emit such high powered electromagnetic
waves. ‘Such a machine can only transmit auditory and visual types to
the 5 senses with very low and mild signals’, is what the developers
had claimed.”

“So you have already talked to the makers... you did your
homework for this meeting, huh, Kikuoka-san? Is it an accident that
you manage to do your job just by looking through passing rumors?”

As I stared through the lens of his glasses at his narrowed eyes,
Kikuoka erased that expression in a second, and immediately, his lips
widened into a smile.
“I get flown everywhere; so actually, I’m quite free on a daily
basis.”

“Then, next time why don’t you help the front-line clearers of
Aincrad. Sir Eugene praised you for being a good mage, you know.”

Actually, I had never once thought this man to be the joke of an
officer that his appearance and demeanor portrayed. He created a
character in ALO not because he had an interest in the game, but most
likely for the sake of easily collecting intelligence on the VR world.
Although the business card I had previously received placed him under
the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications Technology, there
was definitely something suspicious going on here. That his real unit
was a part of the Department of National Security was something that I
had already considered.

But leaving that aside, it seemed that the «Virtual Division»
during the «SAO Incident Victims Rescue Countermeasure Team»
period, had only managed to accommodate all the players into

34

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

hospitals due to his efforts. Therefore, with that and the favor
regarding Asuna’s location, I am dealing with him at a ratio of 60%
gratitude to 40% suspicion.

So whether he knew my inner thoughts or not, Kikuoka just
scratched the back of his head and gave an embarrassed smile.

“You’re too kind; I can memorize the spell words, but am not good
at chanting them. I have been really bad at tongue twisters since a long
time ago. ...Anyway, well, regarding this case, I think the chances are
over 90% that it is either a coincidence or a hoax. That’s why, we need
to disprove it. - Kirito-kun, you think it’s possible? Is it possible for a
person shot in-game, to consequently suffer an episode of heart failure
in reality?”

Kikuoka’s proposal conjured up an image in my head, causing me
to frown.

Dressed completely in black... A faceless gunman peered into the
void and pulled the trigger. A black phantasm bullet was shot forth
piercing through the virtual wall; the packet invaded the network
world. From router to router, server to server, making various rightangled turns, the bullet charged onward. Eventually, it would reach a
certain apartment unit, materialize outside the LAN connector
mounted on the wall, and hit a man’s heart while he was laying down...
Shaking my head to clear that disturbing image, I raised a finger.

“I do think it’s impossible, but... Just assuming, that... «Death Gun»
is our gunman, and he somehow managed to send some signals to the
AmuSpheres of «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako»...”
“Oh, let’s start from there. Is it even possible to do something like
that?”

35

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Yea... If what was sent was not some deadly mysterious force, but
normal sense signals... You still remember the «Imaginator Virus» that
caused a commotion from a while back?”
“Aah, that surprise mail incident, right?”

Imaginator, that was a piece of software developed by someone
for the AmuSphere. That piece of software generated a virtual space for
diving, where you face the camera and whisper a message, and then
compress it into a mail format. The receiver can then replay the file,
which would reproduce the sender’s virtual body and the spoken
message, that kind thing. Since you could convey videos, audios and
even sense of touch, it became very popular.

Eventually though, a security loophole was found, and there was a
virus infected mail that would accompany the original message, which
caused a major disturbance. If you tried to dive with that mail in your
inbox, it would force open a preview, and before your eyes in surround
sound and color, something shocking - usually erotic or gross, one or
the other - would start to play.
Of course, eventually a patch file was uploaded, and the incident
was solved, but...

“- Most AmuSphere users should have installed «Imagine» by now.
But if there were unknown security holes, and the victim’s e-mail or IP
address were known...”

“...I see, setup a sending timer ahead, then send the signal at the
same time as the gun shot - something like that is possible.”

Kikuoka weaved his fingers together, and nodded as he rested his
chin on top of them.
36

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Then that part is cleared. - But it wasn’t a cursed fatal bullet that
was sent. Ultimately it’s normal senses stimulation.”

“In other words, enough feeling to stop a heart... Probably things
like taste, smell... light and sound...Right? Let’s talk about them one by
one. First sense of touch, feeling on the skin.”

I paused with the speech, and pressed my right thumb into my
left palm. Earlier, what I had eaten was not chocolate cake as I had
thought, but ice cream, I remembered I was shocked then.

“...What would happen, if you sent the full body to the limits of its
cold tolerance? Like if you jumped into a bath full of ice water. Could
that stop a heart?”

“Aah... Jumping into ice water could stop the heart, as the
difference in temperatures would cause shock to the body, and body’s
blood vessels would contract, which would over-stress the heart... It
couldn’t be that.”

“- Then, I guess we can’t go down this line. Even if the brain feels
the cold, the capillaries of the other body parts won’t feel a thing...”
“Then, how about this?”

This time, Kikuoka rubbed his hands together while speaking. It
probably was a mistake on my part, but Kikuoka seemed to smile
heartlessly.

“Super small insects... Smaller than a beetle, somewhere in the
long worms category. Something like a caterpillar or centipede, the
feeling of being dropped into a hole filled with those. Of course, it’d be
accompanied by video. Urgh, just imagining it gives me goose bumps. “
“...”

37

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

With no other alternative, I too tried to imagine it.

While taking a leisurely stroll through a field, the earth suddenly
collapses beneath my feet, and I plummet through the earth collapsing
into a deep pit. A thin, long, creature slithers nearby, circling my body
until it crawls up near my wrist towards my collar, and finally makes
its way underneath my clothes...
“...Seriously, I’ve got goose bumps.”

I rubbed my hands together, and shook my head.

“But that degree of a shock, even that «Imagine Virus» could do it.
All of a sudden a huge caterpillar or a Nomura’s jellyfish falls from
above your head. But there weren’t any fellows who had their hearts
stopped... I think. In the first place, the moment you enter a VRMMO,
you’re unconsciously prepared for unexpected situations. In some
fields, a boss monster can suddenly pop out right beside you and if
your heart stopped every time, it wouldn’t make for much of a game.”
“You have a point.”

Kikuoka shrugged, picking up the cup and turning it slightly.

“...So, the next sense to be considered should be taste and smell.
But how would that work? If someone suddenly tasted or smelled
something disturbing... like the taste of kiviak reproduced. That person
might vomit. That kind of vomiting reaction might affect the body as
well...”

“If that’s the case, it’s not exactly stopping the heart. But could the
vomit material stop breathing? Also, what is a kiviak anyway?”

At that moment, seeing the excitement flashing in Kikuoka’s eyes,
I regretted asking. This man liked to talk about bad tasting things.

38

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

Though obviously an elite, he did not have a girlfriend and this could
be considered one of the reasons responsible.

“Oh, you don’t know? Kiviak is an Eskimo food. At the beginning
of summer season, they will catch small migrating sea birds called
Appaliarsuk and stuff them into a seal skin bag with the meat taken out.
Then the entire bundle is placed in a cold, dark corner for a few
months, until the seal fat permeates the birds and they ferment nicely,
or more specifically, become rotten. At that time, they take out the
birds like melted chocolate, the internal organs taste like that kind of
food. The stink is supposed to be worse than Surströmming, but once
you acquire the taste, you just can’t have enough...”

Clank! I glanced toward that loud sound and saw the ladies near
us covering their mouths in disgust and they were leaving their table
with due haste. Once again, I sighed deeply, and then interrupted
Kikuoka.

“If you have a chance to visit Greenland, then please try it. Also,
you don’t have to explain that Surs whatever.”
“Oh, okay.”

“Don’t be regretful. - And no matter what, eating disgusting things
won’t stop the heart. Let’s go for the next... Video huh...”
The rich aroma of coffee erased Kikuoka’s foul words and I
continued speaking.

“Similar to the insect example from before, just a significant video
probably can’t stop a heart no matter how fearsome or cruel the
images are. Basically, it might cause great trauma, I think, but it would
be really difficult to investigate.”
“Hmm. - you said significant right?”

39

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Yeah. ...for example, and this was long before I was born so I
don’t exactly know the details, but many children who watched a
certain TV anime collapsed at the same time all over the country with
symptoms of epilepsy.”

“- That event. I was in kindergarten then and I saw it in real time.”
Kikuoka said with a nostalgic feeling.

“I think it was the continuous flashing of red and blue lights in the
show that caused it.”
“It is probably that. If the same intense flashing lights video was
sent, people would normally shut their eyes in reaction. That isn’t
possible if it was sent directly into the brain and some kind of shock
happening is not entirely inconceivable.”
“Yes, indeed so.”

Kikuoka nodded his head, but then shook his head and continued.

“-But then, that question was debated on when AmuSphere was
developed. The result was a safety device in the form of a limiter
setting. Video images with more than a certain level of vibration
amplitude are not shown by the AmuSphere.”
“- Hey you.”

This time I shot Kikuoka a 100% suspicious look and said.

“It seems you have already investigated all the possibilities, right?
If you had already picked the brains of the ministry elites, then you
don’t need me now to debate about this. What are you really trying to
do?”
“No no, that’s not it. Kirito-kun’s way of thinking is really
stimulating, it was a huge reference and I also like speaking with you.”

40

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“But I do not like to speak with you, and as for sound perception,
that should also have a limiter. Therefore, in conclusion - influencing
the human heart inside a game is impossible. «Death Gun»-shi’s
shootings and the two men’s heart attack are completely coincidental.
Good bye, I’m going back and thank you for your hospitality.”

I have a hunch that if this topic continues, it will certainly not
result in anything pleasant. So I hurriedly said my thanks and stood up.
However, Kikuoka frantically called to stop me.

“Waaaa- wait, wait. From here on is the real main topic. You can
order another cake; just stay with me a little longer please.”
“...”

“Well, I am relieved that Kirito-kun reached that conclusion. I also
thought the same thing that these two deaths were not from being shot
from inside a game. Saying this however, I do need a favor -”
Here it comes, I frowned while thinking, and continued to listen.

“Can you log into Gun Gale Online, and contact this «Death Gun»
guy?”
He then smiled at me.

To this bureaucrat’s innocent smiling face, I used my coldest voice.

“Contact him? Why not just be open about it, Kikuoka-san. Go get
shot, you mean, by this «Death Gun».”
“No, well, ahahaha.”

“No way! If something actually happens, what should I do? You go
get shot and have your heart stopped!”
I stood up once again but Kikuoka grabbed onto my sleeve.

41

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“Earlier, we both agreed that this can’t be real. Also, this «Death
Gun»-shi has a very strict requirement for his targets.”
“...Requirement?”

I asked him and I could not help but sit down again.

“Yes. The two people, «Zekushiido» and «Usujio Tarako», which
«Death Gun» shot, were both famous top players. That is, if they are not
strong, they won’t be shot, probably. For me, even years won’t get me
that strong. However, for you who even Kayaba-shi acknowledged as
the strongest...”
“It’s impossible for me too! GGO is not that easy of a game and
«Pros» are in it.”
“That er, what does «Pro» mean? You said it earlier as well.”

Recognizing that I am being sucked into Kikuoka’s pace after all, I
explained reluctantly.

“...It literally means people who make their income from the game.
Gun Gale Online is the only game in all of VRMMO that has a «game
coin to real money conversion system».”
“...Really?”

Even for someone like agent Kikuoka, he still didn’t know all of
the game details as his question seemed to actually be genuine this
time.

“That is, simply, the money earned inside the game can be
converted into real money to be returned to you. In truth, it’s not the
Japanese yen, but electronic currency. But because there’s nothing that
couldn’t be bought with it now it’s the same thing essentially.”
42

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

“...But can a VRMMO stay in business by doing that? Company
operators and staff are not exactly volunteers right?”

“Of course, it doesn’t mean that all the players can make money.
It’s the same with pachinko machines and horse races. The monthly fee,
if I remember correctly, is 3000 yen and for a VRMMO, this is quite an
expensive one. But, the amount that an average player gets on a
monthly turn is at best, a tenth of that... in the area of a few hundred
yen supposedly. However, perhaps you can say that their gambling
nature is high... and on rare occasions, some guy will come out with a
bang and find a precious rare item. After disposing of it through of ingame auctions, if they exchange the electronic money from the sale it
can amount to anywhere between tens of thousands to hundreds of
thousands of yen. If you heard about a story like that you will probably
get the feeling that ‘some day it will happen to me too...’ Inside that
game is like being inside a huge casino.”
“Hmmm, I see...”

“So, a «Pro» is someone who earns money constantly every
month. Top players get around 200,000 to 300,000 yen per month
supposedly. If you compare that amount with real-world standards it
might not seem like such a big deal... but, without luxuries, it’s enough
to live on. In other words, what it comes down to is that these people
are making their income from the monthly fees paid by the players in
the volume zone. That’s what I meant by what I said earlier, about the
top players in GGO being envied more than in other games. It’s similar
to a government official eating stupidly expensive cakes with
taxpayer’s money.”

“Fufufu, as usual Kirito-kun says things in such a harsh way. I like
that part of you.”
43

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

Without taking notice of Kikuoka’s words of feigned ignorance, I
interrupted him.

“- For those reasons, the time spent and enthusiasm of GGO’s high
level crowd can’t be compared to other MMO players. I, without any
intricate knowledge of the details of game mechanics, cannot go in
blindly and compete with these people. In the first place, as the name
implies, it’s a game where gunfights are the main form of combat... I’m
not good with projectile weapons. My condolences but you’ll have to
pick someone else to do your bidding.”
“Wait wait, there’s really no one else I can rely on. For me, you’re
the only one because you’re the only VRMMO player that I can get into
contact with in reality. Besides... if you’re saying that professional
opponents are a heavy burden and that they get their salary from this
game, then it’s fine if you treat this as a job as well.”
“...What?”

“Paid compensation for collaborative investigation. It may... not
be the same amount that top players in GGO earn monthly, it is only
this much.”
Seeing Kikuoka’s gesture of raising 3 fingers -

Frankly, I shuddered. If you had that much, the latest 24-core
grade CPU in a new machine could be paid for with spare change left
over. However, once again, renewed suspicion arose.

“...Don’t lead me on, Kikuoka-san. Why does this matter have to be
obsessed over this much? This is almost certainly a retrofitted rumor,
occult talk that’s common to occur on the net, I believe. The two people
that got a heart attack, who hadn’t shown their figures in game because
of it, that kind of fabled story being concocted.”

44

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

When asked openly, Kikuoka used his slender finger to adjust his
glasses, hiding his expression from me. There was no doubt that he
was considering just how much of his answer would be the truth, and
how much of it would be deception. What a cunning man.
“- Actually, my superiors are the ones concerned about it.”

The high-level official who began to speak returned to his usual
smile.

“Full Dive technology’s influence on reality is the most notable
among the fields at the moment. The impact on society and culture is
certainly great, but in the field of biology it has also attracted much
controversy. Such as: in which ways can virtual worlds change a
human’s way of existence? Hypothetically speaking, if there are any
signs of danger, and that kind of conclusion was reached, a movement
to put regulations on it will come about. In fact, it reached the stage of
right before a legislation being passed at the time of the SAO incident.
But I - or rather, the virtual department, did not consider retreating in
front of the flow as the proper course of action for the enjoyment of
VRMMO games, and for the sake of your new era of youths too. That is
why, before this one incident attracts strange attention, we want to
know all the facts before it can be used by the regulation advocates. It
would be best if it was merely a hoax but what we want is to be certain
of it. - Up until now, however we can.”

“...With that understanding of the youths of the VR game
generation, your principles, I’ll just interpret them as good will. But if
you really are concerned about that issue, what about direct hits on the
operating company? If you analyze the logs, you should be able to
investigate the player who shot «Zekushiido» and «Tarako». Even if the
personal information registered in the game is fake, you could still
45

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

contact the provider from the IP address, and you would find out his
real name and address that way.”

“- As long as my arms are, even they cannot reach the other side
of the Pacific Ocean.”

Kikuoka’s frown had, this time around, seemed to display an
unfeigned weariness.

“«Zasker», the company that develops and operates Gun Gale
Online... is an unknown organization that we know next to nothing
about and they have their server in America. While the in-game player
support seems to be fairly solid, let alone the real address, even the
phone number and e-mail address are kept private. Good grief, ever
since «The Seed» got publicized, it’s one of those sort of shady VR
worlds that have been sprouting non-stop like weeds.”
“...Oh, is that so?”

I interrupted, while shrugging. Only Agil and I knew about the
origin of the VRMMO development support package «The Seed».
Similarly, the sudden appearance of the floating castle Aincrad in the
reborn ALfheim Online was, to the general public, a leftover from the
former SAO server that was managed by the currently non-existing
RECTO Progress, which is how the matter was settled.

“And well, for that reason, if we’re thinking about grasping the
truth of the matter, we have no choice but to get into direct contact
within the game. Of course, we’ll consider even the most remote
possibilities, and the utmost of safety measures will be taken. Kiritokun will, in a room prepared by us, dive into the game, and we will
disconnect you right away if there are any abnormalities in the output
of the AmuSphere being monitored. I won’t ask you to get shot; it’s fine
46

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

as long as you get me an impression from what you see. - You’ll do it
right?”

Before I had realized it, even my mind was stuck in this situation
where I couldn’t say no.

I really shouldn’t have come to meet him... While seriously
regretting the decision, I began to feel a slight amount of interest at the
same time.
The ability to interfere with the real world from inside the virtual
world... if such a thing really existed, then was it a clue to the world
alteration that Kayaba Akihiko was striving for? The incident that
began in the winter three years ago, was it still unresolved...?

If that was the case, then the obligation of witnessing the
destination of its development would be mine as well.
I shut my eyes tightly, took a deep breath, and spoke.

“...I understand. As annoying of a ride as it’ll be, if it’s just going
into the game then I’ll go. But I don’t know whether or not I will
encounter this «Death Gun». In the first place, even his existence is
questionable.”
“Ahh... about that.”

Kikuoka grinned with an innocent face.

“Did I not mention it? During the first shooting incident, one of
the players present took an audio log of it which I compressed and
brought the data along. It’s «Death Gun»-shi’s voice and by all means,
listen to it.”

47

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 1

To the Kikuoka holding out the wireless earphone, I seriously
cursed ‘that heart of yours should stop’ in my thoughts, while glaring at
him.
“...thanks for going out of your way to do this.”

After putting on the earphones I had received, Kikuoka prodded
the screen with his finger. Soon, a low bustling was playing in my head.
Then, the bustling disappeared suddenly and the strained silence
that followed was torn by a sharp declaration.

“This is real power, real strength! Foolish people, engrave the fear
of this name in your hearts!”
“This gun’s name and I: «Death Pistol»... «Death Gun»!”

It was tinged with a somewhat inhuman, metallic sound.

And yet, from behind the cry, I could strongly feel the presence of
the living player behind the character. The owner of this voice, rather
than just role-playing, seemed to radiate the genuine urge of the desire
for slaughter.

48

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Chapter 2
She checked the watch on her left wrist as she exited the C10 exit
of Chiyoda Line’s Otemachi Station.

There was more than five minutes left before the agreed time of
3:00 pm. As Yuuki Asuna was about to lower her wrist, her eyes
paused casually at the small calendar window in the watch’s dial.
Sunday, December 7th, 2025.

It may not be a special anniversary, but within Asuna’s chest, the
seed of a certain strong emotion had sprouted. As she began to walk
along Eitai Street, she looked up, facing the main gates of the Imperial
Palace and murmured without letting her voice out.
- Soon, it will have been one year...

Left unspoken were the words, “since my return to the real world.”

After the floating castle of steel (SAO), to the bird cage in the
treetops (ALO), she was subsequently rescued and returned to the real
world in mid-January of this year. The fantasy world was gradually
becoming a memory, but even so, she still occasionally felt strange
about herself living like this in the real world.
The wide walkway paved with stone, the roadside trees shaking
in the cold air and pedestrians walking with their faces buried beneath
the collars of their coats or mufflers. Walking slowly in the midst flow
of the crowd, was Asuna herself.

49

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Everything around her was not digitally coded 3D objects, but
real minerals, plants and creatures.

But how do we interpret what «real» is? If it’s just made with
atoms and molecules, then it would be the same as virtual polygons.
Because those polygons’ real identity are electrons contained in a
server memory element. That is not much of a difference in elementary
particles.

Saying that, the only problem probably comes from reversibility.
The objects that exist in the real world, whether biological or nonliving; if they were destroyed, it was impossible to recover them to the
original state. But in the virtual world, then it is easy to regenerate the
original object without a single byte of bad information.
...No.

That’s not it. In that world – in Aincrad, what you lost and what
you could not recover really existed. The two years spent in that
floating castle, what Asuna touched, felt, obtained and lost were
without a doubt all «real».
If that was the case.

“....The differences between the real world and the virtual world...
what are they....?”
She unconsciously whispered, and to her question -.

“Just the quantity of information.”

Came an answer from beside her, its unexpectedness caused
Asuna to jump.
“Wa, waa!?”

50

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

She hurriedly looked for the source of that voice and noticing a
boy’s face, blinking in surprise.

Slightly long front hair. A very thin profile, but it made him look
sharp. Dressed in a black shirt with a black jacket over it and faded
black jeans.

His appearance is very similar to the avatar he used, the fact that
there wasn’t a sword hilt on his back felt very unnatural. Asuna took
deep breaths to dissolve the sweet ache of longing arising from deep
within her heart; she opened her lips and said.

“...I was surprised because you appeared so suddenly, did you use
a transfer crystal?”
After hearing this, the boy - Kirigaya Kazuto revealed a bitter
smile.
“It’s not suddenly. Is this not the agreed time and place?”

“Eh....”

After being asked, Asuna looked around again.

The soft afternoon sunlight bathed the pedestrian street, and with
the light flashing from the water surface. A little bit in front, a bridge
connected with a large solemnly guarded door. Indeed, it was in front
of the Imperial Palace, where she had arranged to meet with Kazuto. It
seemed she was walking while thinking, and had reached the
destination.
Asuna gave a shy smile and shrugged her shoulders.

“Ahaha, it seems like I was on autopilot. Umm... anyway, good day
Kirito-kun.”
51

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

“That’s dangerous, the real world doesn’t have navigation
function. ...Hello Asuna.”

After greeting each other, Kazuto’s black eyes suddenly narrowed,
staring at Asuna.
“Wh... what? What happened to you suddenly?”

Wondering if something strange happened, Asuna put her hands
in front of her and asked. Then Kazuto hurriedly shook his head, and
stammered:

“Ah, no, that is... Umm... I think this dress fits you well, or reminds
me of...”
“Eh....?”

She unintentionally looking down at her form, it took two seconds
for her to fully understand what he had said to her.

Today she was wearing a winter coat made of white tweed. Below
that a knitted ivory and red checkered argyle skirt.
In short, all of the colors were associated with the no longer
existing guild, «Knights of the Blood». Thinking back, in Aincrad almost
every day, she was dressed in the red and white knight uniform. That
probably awoke Kazuto’s memory of those days.
Touching the left waist area with her fingers, Asuna gave a smile.

“...That’s true. But I don’t have a rapier... - That’s right Kirito-kun
too, today you are dressed entirely in black.”
Hearing that, Kazuto also gave a shy smile.

52

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

“But without the two swords. ...In fact, I have been trying to avoid
wearing black from top to bottom, but Suguha was washing our clothes
this morning, and these are all I had left.”
“That can happen if you leave your laundry lying around.”

Her cuff met Kazuto’s, and they held hands.

“Well, today we accidentally wore the «colors from those old
days». What a coincidence.”

She said while looking from a slightly higher position into
Kazuto’s eyes. Kazuto gave a small cough, and a monotone answer:

“Well, we have been meeting for a year like this; it was bound to
happen sometime.”
“Oh you, there you should have just said ‘That’s right’!”

Asuna gave a small pout then pulled the hand in the leather jacket.

“I say, don’t just stand while talking, let’s go. The day will get dark
soon.”
“Oh, okay.”

Asuna stuck close to the nodding Kazuto, and the two headed
over the bridge.

The old-style main gates against the white walls were shrouded
in red sunset, casting black shadows on the bridge. Although it was
Sunday, there were very few tourists due to the season.

They passed by the guards in thick coats, through the gate, and
obtained a plastic admission ticket from a small office. Through the
silver fence, it was hard to believe that it was the center within central
Tokyo, with a vast and quiet stretch of woods.

53

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Although it was Asuna who asked where they should go on
Sunday, it was Kazuto who decided the meeting place to be «in front of
the main gates».
The Imperial Palace itself was not open to the public, but within
the moat, the «East Garden» in the northeast corner, was open to the
general public on selected days of the week - that information, Asuna
had not known until today. Of course, it was the first time she had
actually stepped in there. Walking on the broad and fascinating trail,
Asuna once again felt a strange feeling, she turned to the boy beside
her and asked:
“...Oh yes, why did you choose the Imperial Palace for our date?
Kirito-kun, are you interested in history?”
“Well, not really. The main reason was... recently, I was called
around here for some stupid business...”

For one moment, his nose flared while remembering something,
but soon returned to his original serene smile and continued.

“I’ll tell you about that later, but don’t you think that the Imperial
Palace is a somewhat interesting place?”
“...Interesting? How so?”

Kazuto blinked his eyes, pointing his jacket right arm at the thick
trees around.

“North-south about 2 kilometers, the east-west span 1.5 km. The
north park and outer gardens combined area are approximately 2.3
million square meters, occupying twenty percent of Chivoda-ku.
Compared to the Vatican or Buckingham Palace, this is much larger,
but it loses to the Palace of Versailles... It’s not only the surface, there is
not a single underground railway or tunnel below, and no type of

54

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

aircraft is allowed to fly above. In short this place is a vertical wall
through the center of Tokyo, a huge no entry area.”

Hearing that, Asuna pictured a map of Tokyo in her head. Moving
her left index finger round and round in the air, she nodded in
understanding.
“That is to say, the heart of most of the trunk roads, ring lines,
radial lines, is based on this point as the center....”

“That’s right, Tokyo is not checker board shaped like Kyoto, it is
disc-shaped, with a radial concentric circle city. And that center, not
just the physical level, even information has been perfectly blocked.
Like the old ALO «World Tree»... sorry. I remind you of the bad
memories.”
“No, I am fine.”

For Asuna who had experienced long imprisonment in the old
World Tree, she shook her head at Kazuto’s consideration and asked:

“Prohibition on the physical level, I understand... but information,
what do you mean?”
“Ah, that...”

Kazuto suddenly glance at the surrounding trees, and with small
hand movement points to several areas.

“You see, there and there, have surveillance cameras, right? That
security system, it is now on a completely standalone system. This is a
private closed network with not a single connection from the outside.”
“Ah... Oh yea, the camera has a weird shape.”

55

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Looking at where Kazuto pointed, she saw a black sphere on top
of a pole. It looks more like lighting than a camera if you don’t know
about it.

“The next generation security technology is being tested, I heard
the rumor... - In short, this place is the center of Tokyo, but at the same
time, an isolated «other world» as well... I might be exaggerating a bit.”
“Ahaha, a little.”

While chatting, they went by a huge stone wall, and walkway
changed to a ramp going up. After walking in silence for a while, their
view opened up fully.

The other side is a huge lawn, almost hazy in its size. As it was
winter, the grass had withered to a light brown, the leaves on the trees
around had almost all fallen. With the arrival of spring, it would be a
refreshing view.

“This is the Edo Castle ruins. In historical plays, the inner palace
used for stage is supposed to be a bit north of the grass fields.”
“Let’s go see!”

Holding his hand again, Asuna began to pick up the pace. There
were still not many people; most of them were foreign tourists. On the
way, they passed a family with two cute-blonde sisters, and a husband
and wife, who requested their help to take a picture. After Kazuto
happily did so, the wife smiled and said, “We will take a picture of you
two as well”, Asuna shyly stood beside Kazuto as their picture was
taken.
After receiving the image data on the mobile phone, we parted
from the young sisters as we waved goodbye. After seeing the family

56

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

moving further away in the orange colored light, Asuna sighed
involuntarily.
“...Tired?”

With Kazuto’s question, she inadvertently caught a brief glimpse
from him.

“W-R-O-N-G! I want our future to also be like.... that, um... really!”

Her cheeks blushing at the line she blurted without thinking, she
bolted ahead in a scurry.
“H, Hey, wait up!”

While in a short race with Kazuto chasing, they soon came to a
fork in the road splitting to the north and south of the lawn. At the fork
in the road was a bench, she sat down on it.

Even so she turned her face away, and Kazuto who sat next to her
shyly said:

“Mm, well, that is... if she gets a younger sister, I’m sure Yui will be
happy, yea.”

Hearing something that was too similar to a fastball, Asuna’s
blood rushed to her cheeks once again, she giggled.
“Y, you’re right.”

“Come on, laughing now is mean of you...”

“Ahaha, sorry sorry. But really, it would be nice if Yui-chan could
cross over to this side and live with us too...”

What they’re referring to by Yui, was the name a young girl they
both met in the former SAO server. Her true form was actually players’
self-regulation program for mental maintenance, that is, an AI, she

57

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

recognized Asuna as her mother, and Kazuto as her father. When
Aincrad was on the verge of collapsing, her core program was saved to
Kazuto’s Nerve Gear and was spared from being deleted. Currently, in
Kazuto’s room, she was «living» inside a dedicated stationary-type
machine prepared by him.

But, direct contact with Yui was only possible exclusively under a
full dive environment - in other words, within ALO only. Although in
the real world you could use a mobile phone and have her there, the
battery capacity was not long enough and they could not «always be
together».”

So, even if Asuna loved Yui like a daughter, and Yui yearned for
Asuna as a mother, there was always a wall in the space between the
two of them, separating them between the virtual world and the real
world...
Suddenly, Kazuto held onto Asuna’s left hand.

“Don’t worry, one day we’ll be able to live together. FullDive
technology will evolve more, and AR environments will become more
commonly used, surely.”
“Mm... Right... that’s right.”

“Yeah. The boundary between real and virtual will become more
and more blurred in the future. Right now, there’s still a difference in
the amount of information making a wall though...”

After listening to Kazuto talk, Asuna deeply bowed her head, and
firmly held his hand, then suddenly raised her head.

“Oh that’s right, you said that earlier. The difference between the
virtual world and the real world is only the amount of information.
What did you mean by that?”

58

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

“That is...”

Kazuto looked away for an instant, and then looked to their hands
together on the bench.

“For example, within ALO, holding hands like this, it is different
from the real world right?”
After being told, Asuna focused her senses on her left hand.

The elastic of the palms in contact. The warmth that drove away
the cold winter air. Thus far, the ALO fairy avatar could feel the same
thing. However, the skin to skin attraction, the friction of their palm
lines, and the weak pulse due to their blood flow, is something that
even the most advanced FullDive virtual technology could not fully
reproduce.

“Yeah... that’s right. The real hand can feel a lot more... I see, this is
«more information», right?”

“Yes. But afterwards Amusphere will continue to evolve, what
happens when the feeling of skin and the throbbing can be
reproduced? Only through contact, are you able to distinguish between
a real and an avatar hand?”
“I can.”

Asuna’s immediately answer, was beyond Kazuto’s expectation,
so he blinked. Looking at his face, Asuna went on to add:
“If it was Kirito-kun’s hand, that is. If it was someone else, then
probably not.”

At that moment, Kazuto’s hand temperature and pulse increased.
Upon noticing this, Asuna laughed and continued:
59

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

“Not just touch, but sight, sound, taste and smell all have more
information in the real world now. So... even if the current Amusphere
has AR function...”

not.”

“Yes. After looking or touching, you will know whether it’s real or

AR function means to use the Amusphere while awake, combining
real sight and sound with digital information. If that was possible, then
it could replace computers and mobile phones. In your view, you could
have a virtual desktop where you could browse the net or type mail, do
street navigation, have information tags on people or things, the use
would only be limited by imagination.

Currently, RECTO started working with large information
producers to develop that machine, but due to physical activity leading
to the pulse focus being shifted, the need for high-capacity battery, and
other problems, it had not reached a practical level.

“...Unfortunately, with the current headgear type, there is
argument that constant AR is not possible. However, one day there will
be breakthrough in technology, if we are able receive large capacity
five senses data in the real world... That is, without a bed and electrical
plug, we can full dive anytime.”
Asuna nodded to Kazuto’s words, and continued where he left off.

“We will cross the barriers of the world, and be together with Yui
always. ...That day will surely come.”
“Yes, for sure.”

Their words, without a doubt, were almost same as what they
said while thinking of the separated Yui in the twenty-second floor in
60

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Aincrad. Noticing that, Asuna felt a warm feeling spreading through her
body and rested her head on Kazuto’s right shoulder.
That reunion promise, was delivered in a few months.

That’s why for sure; their words now would soon become a
reality.

The short winter day made the sun seem like it was falling behind
the trees to the west. The sky was dyed red; the returning birds were
flying in groups.

Hundreds of years ago, the people who lived in the city on that
huge lawn probably looked at the same sunset. And then hundreds of
years in the future, in a different world changed by time, someone will
look at this same red sky...
“...Ah...”

Asuna’s chest suddenly tightened with a homesick feeling and she
gently sighed. She glanced at Kazuto beside her. When she met his eyes,
she smiled.
“Somehow, I understand. The reason why you brought me here.”

“Eh... you do?”

“Yes. - If the world exists in the «time» axis and the «space» area,
then Tokyo... that is our center of the real world, there is no doubt this
is the place. Then... currently «The Seed» which allows the expansion of
the virtual worlds, their axis that no longer exists, that «castle». That’s
why this sunset color, is so nostalgic...”

At Asuna’s words, Kazuto blinked several times before he opened
his mouth wide.

61

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

“I see... that might be. I did not really consider that aspect. But...
after listening to Asuna’s words, I am able to understand one thing.”
“Eh, what is it?”

“Aincrad’s shape. It might be that laminated conical structure is a
symbol of the «time axis and space area».”
Asuna thought for a moment and then nodded slowly.

“Yes... that might be true. But if that were so, the world that
Leader created, with a sophisticated schedule, it will converge and
perish. That is, if someone or other didn’t make it suffer a huge
explosion in the middle of it.”
“S, sorry... Miss sub-leader.”

They both softly laughed at the same time. After a few seconds,
Kazuto took a deep breath, and still holding hands with Asuna, he
stood up from the bench.

“Now then, it’s about time we head home, this place closes at five.”

“Mm, next time let’s bring Lisbeth and Lyfa-chan as well. Eating
lunch on the lawn will be a very happy occasion, surely.”
“Sure, when it’s spring. Of course.”

Pulling on Kazuto’s hand, Asuna stood up as well, she looked to
the sky and the sunset one more time.

‘I want to go home’, she thought. However, Miyasaka in Setagayaku, where the Yuuki residence was located in the real world, was not
what she was referring to. On the twenty-second floor of Aincrad,
though it only existed for a short time, their «forest home».
62

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

Although that little log house was erased, along with the collapse
of the floating castle - now to Asuna, a single warm place existed in her
heart. Prior to its realization, above Alfheim’s World Tree, the rented
house in «Yggdrasil City» had become Asuna, Kirito and Yui’s home.

Walking toward the north Hirakawa gate exit, Asuna asked Kirito:
“Hey, can you login tonight? I want to tell Yui all about today.”
“Yeah, sure. Around 10pm should be fine.”

He smiled and nodded, and suddenly began to express a very
difficult expression.
I...”

“Huh, did you have something to do?”

“No, that’s not it. Tonight should be okay though... That is, Asuna,

Kazuto, who rarely stammered when he spoke, mumbled ‘Uhh umm - err’ for a few seconds, but what he said next would scare Asuna:
“...I, very soon, might convert ALO’s «Kirito» to another game...”
“...Eh, eeeh!?”

Birds erupted from the tree nearby in response to Asuna’s sudden
exclamation of surprise.

63

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 2

64

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Chapter 3
Twilight.

The low lying clouds were stained yellow by the setting sun.

In the wilderness of rock and sand, the shadow cast by the tall
relic building ruins was getting longer and longer. If we continued to
wait for another hour, we must consider switching to night combat
equipment.

Fighting with night vision goggles dampened the excitement of
killing or being killed, so it was not Sinon’s preferred way. Before the
sun fully disappears, please let the target party appear quickly, she
muttered while crouching behind the concrete. Moreover, her five
partners who were also waiting gloomily in ambush were no doubt
thinking of the same thing.
Voicing the doubt lurking within everyone’s mind, a front line
party member lowered his small-caliber short handled gun and
whispered.

“Really, how much longer are we supposed to wait... Hey Dyne,
are they really going to come? Is the information reliable?”

The man in question, Dyne, with his large rock-solid body and
rough face, is their squadron (guild) leader, he lowered the large
assault rifle from his shoulder and said while shaking his head.

“Those guys have been using the same route to go hunting for the
past three weeks, at nearly the same time everyday. I have personally

65

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

confirmed that information. Indeed today they are a bit late, they must
have ran into some Mob (Monster). That means our share will increase,
so stop complaining. “
“But.”

The front line man became even more displeased and pouted.

“Today’s prey is the same group we attacked the previous week,
right? They may have changed their route as a precaution...”

“It has been six days since the previous ambush. Since then, they
have always gone to the same hunting grounds. They are a squadron
specialized for farming Mobs...”
On Dyne’s face, was a mocking smile.

“No matter how many times they were attacked, even if their loot
was robbed, they think that they just need to hunt more to make up for
the loss. For anti-personnel squadrons like us, they are the best prey
and we can do this two or three more times.”
“But, that’s hard to believe. Normally, if people were attacked
once, they will come up with some kind of counter measure.”

“The day after they may be alert, but people become careless after
a while. They are used to fighting the predictable algorithm of field
Mobs every day and hunting only those things for so long makes them
act like Mobs themselves. Just a bunch of people without any pride.”

The more Sinon heard, the more unpleasant she felt, and she
buried her face deeper into her muffler. Emotional fluctuations slowed
her trigger finger down and although she understood that, hearing
Dyne’s impertinent speech caused irritation to bubble up in her heart.

66

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Laughing at a specialized routine Mob hunting party, his own
supposedly PvP (Anti-personnel) squad ambushing that kind of party
continuously didn’t seem to hurt his pride. Instead of waiting for so
many hours in this neutral field, it would be better to go to the
underground ruins and fight a high level squadron, that would result in
higher gains.

Of course, the chance of total defeat, dropping equipment and
returning to the street through «Death Return» was higher too. But
that is what a real battle is and only through that sort of tension was
the soul forged.

It had been two weeks since she was invited to this squadron that
Dyne led and she soon regretted joining. Their PvP main objective was
sort of a lie, because they only went after weaker opponents. And if
there were even a minuscule sign of danger they would retreat, it’s a
safety first kind of group.

So far Sinon had followed the squadron policy without a single
objection, quietly following Dyne’s instructions and pulling the trigger.
However, she was not doing it out of loyalty. She was gathering data on
his way of thinking, trying to learn his movements, for when she would
need to put a bullet between his eyebrows (head shot) when she and
Dyne become enemies on the battlefield one day.

She didn’t like his personality, but in the previous Bullet of Bullets
he was ranked 18th. This man’s stats build and the rare «SIG SG550»
assault rifle below his shoulder that spits out 5.56mm caliber bullets,
its power is real. That’s why she was not saying a word now, just her
eyes flashing, collecting information that the unguarded Dyne spilled
out.
Dyne continued his speech.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

“...In general, for hunting Mobs they usually bring optical guns,
they should not have prepared enough anti-personnel real bullet guns
for everyone. At best, having one support fire gun is the most they can
do. To smash that guy, I had Sinon bring her sniper rifle today. There
are no blind spots in the battle plan. Right, Sinon?”

Having the conversation suddenly turn toward her, Sinon slightly
nodded with her face buried in the muffler. She kept her mouth shut,
showing she had no intention of joining the conversation.
Dyne made a bored snort, but an attacker turned to grin at Sinon
and said:

“Well, that is true. Sinon’s long distance sniping being one of the
best hasn’t changed. - that’s right, Sinon...”

With a smile on his face and without leaving the cover of the
material’s shadow, the attacker crawled on all fours to Sinon’s side.

“Today, do you have time afterwards? I would like your advice on
improving my sniping skill. Would you have a cup of tea somewhere
with me?”
Sinon took a quick glance at the weapon on the man’s waist. His
main weapon was a bullet type sub-machine gun «H&K UMP». He
seemed to be an AGI type, his evasion during face-to-face battle being
above average, but his level and equipment information didn’t make
him enough of an opponent to be worth memorizing. She had to think
hard to remember his name, and she bent her head slightly.
“...Sorry, Ginrou-san. Today, I am busy in the real world...”

Her voice was similar though not the same as her real world voice.
It made a high, clear and cute sound that made her feel tired inside,
which was the reason why she disliked speaking. The man called
68

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Ginrou didn’t seem to care that he was rejected and his ecstatic smile
never faded. It seems that for certain male players, just hearing Sinon’s
voice made them feel a certain arousal and thinking about that made
her break out in cold sweat.

When she first started this VRMMO-RPG «Gun Gale Online», she
wanted her avatar to be male, with rough and no personality types. She
soon found out from the title choice that you can’t pick a gender
different from the player, so then she wanted to be tall and muscular,
like a female soldier, she thought.
However, generated according to random parameters, was a
small and delicate female shape, almost doll-like. She instantly thought
of deleting that account and making another one. But her friend, who
had invited her to this game, had said “What a waste!”. Due to his
strong insistence, and since she had gained so many levels in the
meantime, she couldn’t start over again.
Because of her looks, once in a while troublesome events like
these happened to her. For Sinon whose only motivation in the game
was fighting, this was just depressing.
“I see, Sinon, are you a student in the real world? A university
student? Do you have to write a report or something?”
“...Yea, well...”

As a result, if he had failed once, then he might use school as an
excuse to relentlessly invite her. She was actually a high school student,
but that was something no one would hear from her mouth.
Then, the other two front line men, who had been tinkering with
their status windows, came near as if to restrain Ginrou. One of them,
with smoke treated goggles and green front hair, opened his mouth.

69

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

“Ginrou-san, you can see that Sinon-san is troubled. Don’t talk
about real-world subjects here.”
“That’s right, both he and I are lonely bachelors.”

The other, a man with camouflage helmet, grinned, then Ginrou
pushed on both their heads with his fists spinning and replied,

“Say what, you two obviously haven’t had a spring in many years.”

Sinon shrunk her body more beside the three “Hahaha” laughing
men and had to wonder.

When the battle is for fighting with other players, while waiting
you should concentrate or check your equipment or some other useful
way of passing time. If you just wanted to make money to convert to
electronic money, then joining a Mob hunt only squadron would be
better. If you just want to meet girls, then even in a fixed-gender kind
of title, it doesn’t have to be in this unpleasant killing world, a fairy tale
game with more female players would be a better choice. What is the
reason that these people come to this world anyway?
Burying her face deeper into her muffler again, Sinon used her
left hand to caress the body of the large rifle sitting on a two leg stand
next to her.

- One day, I will use this gun to blow away your avatar body. After
that, can you still smile while talking to me?

She whispered deep in her mind, and as if her irritation was being
absorbed by the cold rifle barrel, she slowly calmed down.
“- They are coming.”

70

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Whispered the last member of the party 20 minutes later, he had
continued to scout for enemies with his binoculars from a hole in the
broken concrete wall.

The three front line men and Dyne paused their conversation and
the atmosphere suddenly became tense.

Sinon glanced up to the sky. The yellow clouds had slowly turned
red, but the brightness was still adequate enough.
“They finally appeared.”

After muttering quietly, Dyne moved while crouching down and
took the binoculars from the scout. He looked out a hole with them to
check the enemy combat strength.

“...Those are our guys. Seven people... that’s one more than last
week. Four front line people with optical type Blasters. One person
with large caliber laser rifle. And... yes, one person with a «Minimi».
That guy used an optical gun the previous week, he must have changed
to an actual bullet type in a hurry. He will be the one we snipe. The last
person... is covered in a cloak so his weapon can not be seen...”

Hearing this, Sinon got into her sniping position, and placed her
face near her rifle’s high powered magnification scope.

The six people of Sinon’s party were hiding in the ruins of a
previous civilization that was built in a slightly higher place. The
broken concrete wall and steel frames provided ample cover and it was
the best location to observe the vast wilderness in front.

She looked at the sky again, checking to see if the virtual sun was
in a place that would reflect off the lens, once she confirmed that it
wouldn’t, she flipped open the scope’s front and back flip-up covers.

71

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

She put her right eye against the lens, at the lowest magnification,
she confirmed small dots moving in the wilderness. She used her
fingers to change the magnification dial. With small click sounds, the
sesame sized black dots became bigger and bigger, eventually changing
to seven players.

Like Dyne said, four people had optical type attack guns, two of
those four had binoculars on their faces, scanning the perimeter.
However, to find Sinon’s group who was hiding, unless they have
maxed the enemy search skill, it was almost impossible.

In the middle of the enemy group were two people walking with
large guns on their shoulders. One had a semi-automatic optical laser
rifle, the other had a live bullet type light machine gun, «FN Minimi». In
the real world, the Japanese self-defense force use them as excellent
support weapon. Since over half of optical guns’ damage can be
reduced by defense fields, the Minimi has an overwhelmingly higher
threat.
The two types of weapons found in «Gun Gale Online», live
ammunition gun and optical gun, are very different from each other.

The advantages of live bullets is one hit will cause large damage,
and it passes through defense fields. But the disadvantages are that
you have to carry extra heavy bullet magazines around, and the bullet
trajectory is affected a lot by wind and humidity.
In contrast, the optical gun is very light, and can hit long range
with high precision, also the magazine’s energy pack is small. But its
power getting dispersed by players with defensive equipment is the
deficiency.

For the above reasons, use optical gun against monsters, use live
ammo gun against players is the common theory. For these two

72

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

categories, other than performance characteristics they are quite
different.

That is because, the optical guns all have fanciful names and
shapes, while live ammo guns have their original shape that actually
exists in the real world.

Therefore, like Dyne and Ginrou, a significant percentage of GGO
players are gun maniacs who like to hold live ammo weapons, and only
switch to optical guns when they are hunting Mobs.

Now, the rifle near Sinon’s cheek is a live ammo type. But before
she came to this world, she didn’t know anything about gun makers.
For game play, it was necessary for her to memorize guns like items,
but that didn’t mean she had any interest in real guns. She believed
that the infinite guns in this world were all 3D objects, since she
disliked even looking at guns in the real world.

Just one thing, in this world of slaughter, she wanted to continue
destroying virtual enemies with virtual bullets. Till her heart became
hard as a stone, and her flowing blood froze.
For that reason, Sinon would pull the trigger today too.

She shook off her excess thinking, and moved her rifle a little. At
the end of the enemy line, with massive goggles covering his face,
wearing a camouflage cloak and coat, walked a player. Like Dyne said,
his equipment could not be seen.

He had a huge body. He might have been wearing a large
backpack that made his cloak bulge. His hands sticking out of his
sleeves were empty. From the look of equipment on his waist, the
largest seemed to be sub-machine gun type.
“Because of the cloak, you cannot see his face?”

73

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Behind her came the voice of Ginrou. He might have been joking,
but his voice also contained some tension as he continued.
“Can he be that one? The rumored... «Death Gun».”

“Ah, no way. He can’t be real.”

Dyne quickly replied with a laugh.

“Also, isn’t Death Gun supposed to be a small guy wearing a
camouflage Ghillie suit? This guy is too big. He is nearly two meters tall.
Probably... extreme STR type courier. Carrying found items,
ammunition and energy packs. He shouldn’t have any large weapon,
we can just ignore him in battle.”

While listening to these words, Sinon carefully looked at the man
in her scope.

Because of the rough armor goggles, his expression couldn’t be
seen. The only thing exposed was his mouth. His lips were tight
together, without a slight movement. The other members, even on alert,
were chatting and showing flashes of their white teeth, only that big
man in the back was totally silent. Silently walking and moving his feet,
without a single disturbance.
Sinon’s intuition from half a year of experience in playing GGO
told her that this man was a stronger threat than the one carrying the
Minimi. However, other than the backpack, there didn’t seem to be any
bulges in the cloak. He might be hiding a small high power rare gun.
But that kind of gun was mostly optical type, which is not too useful in
anti-personnel combat. Then was her feeling of pressure from this man
just her imagination...
Lost in thought, Sinon spoke quietly:

74

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

“That man, I have a bad feeling. I would like to take out the
cloaked man first.”

Dyne removed the binoculars from his face, and looked at Sinon
with raised eyebrows.
“Why? He clearly isn’t carrying any powerful weapon.”

“... Although there is no basis. Because of his uncertainties, I have
a bad feeling.”

“If you are talking about that, the Minimi is obviously a factor of
instability. If the Blasters come near while we are dealing with him,
then it would be dangerous.”

Although defense shields are effective against optical guns, that
effect decreased as distance shortened. In close combat, the number of
rounds available in one Laser Blaster magazine could be overwhelming.
Sinon grudgingly retracted her opinion and nodded.

“...Understood. The first target is the Minimi. If possible, I want to
put the next round into the cloaked man.”

Having said that, the most effective sniping is the first shot, before
the enemy finds the sniper. After the enemy knew where the shot came
from, a «Ballistic Prediction Line» (Bullet Line) is shown to the enemy
so they can easily avoid the attack.
“Hey, we don’t have much time to talk anymore. Distance 2500.”

The scout said after viewing through the binoculars he took back
from Dyne. Dyne nodded and turned to the three attackers behind him.
“All right. According to our plan, we will go wait in the shadow of
the building till the enemy gets close. - Sinon, after we move we won’t

75

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

be able to see them, so inform us if the situation changes. I will instruct
you when to start sniping.”
“Understood.”

After the short answer, Sinon’s right eye once again went to the
rifle’s scope. The target party had not changed. They were moving at
their usual slow pace through the wilderness.

Between them and Sinon was 2.5 kilometers of wilderness, in the
center a little closer to her side was the ruins of a huge building. The
five people including Dyne would use that building and hide in the
blind spot, planning to attack them violently all at once.
“- Ok, let’s go.”

To Dyne’s short command, the other members except Sinon gave
a short reply. With sounds of boots sliding on sand and sand moving,
they slid down the back side of the hill. Waiting till the evening wind
covered their footsteps, Sinon took out a small headset from below her
muffler on her neck and put it on her left ear.

For the next few minutes, as a sniper, Sinon must continuously
fight against the pressure and solitude. Her first bullet would affect the
battle afterward a lot. The only things she could depend on were her
finger and the silent gun. Her left hand caressed the huge gun on two
leg stands. The black metal returned cold silence to her.

The reason Sinon was a rare sniper in this world and relatively
well known player was mostly due to the existence of this incredible
live ammo gun.
Its name was «PGM Ultima Ratio Hecate II». Full length 138cm,
weight 13.8kg, kind of huge size, 50 caliber, that is it uses 12.7mm
diameter large size bullet.

76

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

In the real world it was classified in the anti-matériel sniper rifle
category, she heard. That is, it was a gun used against vehicles and
buildings. Because of that incredible power, according to some long
name article, it’s supposed to be forbidden to use against human
targets. Of course, this world had no such law.

She got her hand on it three months ago, when she was starting to
become a veteran GGO player.
On a whim, she went into the huge ruins dungeon below the
capital SBC Gurokken by herself, due to her inattention, she fell down a
chute trap.

Gun Gale Online was set in a stage where the people came back on
space ships to live on the world that became a wasteland from long ago
civilization’s huge war. Gurokken’s streets were originally the space
ship, and below that slept a huge city of ruins from the war. Inside the
city ruins, there were unlimited number of automated fighting
machines and mutant creatures, they wait for adventurers who
dreamed of making it big in one scoop. The place Sinon fell to, was the
lowest floor of that place with the highest level of danger.
Of course, she did not expect to do much as a solo in that place.
Her first encounter would be her easy defeat and she would go back to
her street save point as a «Death Return», she walked while accepting
that fact, in front of her was a large circular space like a stadium, where
a weirdly shaped creature appeared.

From its size and name, it seemed to be a boss class monster, but
she had never seen its shape on any of the information sites. When she
realized that, the gamer soul inside her was stimulated slightly. Since I
am going to die anyway, let’s try fighting this guy, while thinking that
she went to an air vent on top of the stadium and placed her rifle.

77

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

The battle went in an unexpected way. Of the boss monster’s heat
ray, iron claws, poison gas and other attack patterns, none of them
were able to reach where Sinon was hiding. On the other hand, since it
was barely within her rifle’s shooting range, the damage inflicted by
her was light. Thinking about the amount of ammo she had, without
missing even one shot, she had to hit what seemed to be the boss’s
weak point, the small eye on its forehead, otherwise it would be
impossible to kill it.

Sinon became cool as ice as she concentrated on doing that. When
the boss finally fell, its huge body blowing up in polygons, the fight had
been going on for three hours.

What the boss monster dropped was a huge rifle she had never
seen before. Per the setting of the game, NPCs or players could not
make higher tier live ammo guns. The street shops could only sell a
portion of the lower tier guns, and the above-average guns could only
be excavated in ruins. The rifle she obtained - «Ultima Ratio Hecate II»
belonged to the rarest group of excavated weapons.

Right now, including Sinon’s Hecate II, only about ten antimatériel rifles existed on the server. As such, their pricing was
frighteningly high, and the price of the gun in the last auction was 20
Mega Credits, or 20 million, in game currency. If converted to
electronic money using the ratio of 100 to 1, it would be worth 200,000
Japanese yen.

Sinon was a high school student who lived alone in the real world,
and the living expenses she received each month was barely enough.
Being plagued by hardships, she was truly unsure of what to do with
the gun when she found out about its worth. Recently she was able to
convert half of her connection fee, 1500 yen, but that still meant half of
her pocket money was gone. Saying that, if she dived more than she

78

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

does now, it would be difficult to maintain her academic grades.
However, if she had 200,000 yen, she could pay all of her connection
fees with plenty of money left over.

But, Sinon did not sell the gun. The reason she played GGO was
not for earning money, it was for killing the enemy - namely everyone
stronger than her; it was for conquering her weaknesses. Above
everything else, for the first time she felt in her «heart» that this gun
wasn’t merely an item.

Hecate II, because of its huge size and weight, a fearsome amount
of STR setting was required. Sinon as a sniper had her STR higher than
AGI, so she was barely able to equip it. The first time she took it to the
battlefield, when she looked at the enemy through the scope, she felt
its heavy cold weight in her hands, its power and intention. It carved
slaughter, a harbinger of death. Sinon wanted to embrace that feeling,
not yielding to anything, never wavering, without a single drop of fear,
that shape was here.

Shortly after that, Sinon came to be known as «Hecate»; she found
out that the name was from Greek mythology, the goddess who
governs the underworld. That gun would be her first and last partner,
she decided at that time.

Inside her scope, she saw that the target party continued to move.

Sinon lifted her face to look directly at the wilderness, she could
see Dyne’s group of five moving closer to the fallen building between
the target and her. The distance between those two groups had been
reduced to about 700 meters. She returned her right eye to the scope,
and waited for Dyne’s instructions.
79

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Tens of seconds later, the headset came to life with his voice and
some noise.
“- We are at our position.”

“Understood. The enemy’s course and speed did not change. They
are 400m from you, and 1500m from me.”
“Still a long way, can you do it?”

To Dyne’s question, Sinon gave a short ‘No problem’ reply.
“... Good. Begin sniping.”
“Understood.”

After the brief exchange, Sinon became quiet as her right index
finger moved to the large trigger guard.

In the wilderness through the scope, the first target, the man with
the Minimi on his shoulder, continued to walk and chat as usual.
In last week’s battle, Sinon was not a sniper, she used an assault
rifle and was rear support. She should have seen the man at very close
range, but she couldn’t remember him. However, since he could equip
a support weapon, he must be very high level.

Thump, thump, her heart beat rapidly as she matched that
rhythm while moving the reticule cross hair. Distance, wind direction,
and the target’s movement speed meant she would have to target more
than one meter to the upper right of him; she moved her finger to
touch the actual trigger.

At that moment, in Sinon’s viewpoint, a half transparent shining
circle of light green appeared.

80

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

The diameter of the circle changed waveringly in cycles, it
centered on the man’s chest, the widest point going to his knee. It was
the «Bullet Hit Prediction Circle» (Bullet Circle) that was only shown in
Sinon’s view. The bullet fired will hit randomly somewhere inside the
circle. At the current circle’s size, the man’s body was covered by 30%
of the circle; in other words, 30% accuracy. Like that, no matter how
great Hecate II’s power is, hitting the extremities, an arm or leg would
be impossible to kill him, the one hit kill ratio is too low.
The size of the Bullet Circle depended on the target’s distance,
gun’s performance, weather, light level, skills, and stats values, the
most important parameter being the sniper’s heart beat.

The Amusphere monitored the real world body’s heartbeat and
sent that data to the game system.

When the heart beat with a Thump pulse, the circle was at the
largest size. It would slowly get smaller, becoming bigger at the next
pulse. That is, for the highest accuracy, the sniping must be done in the
valley between each heartbeat.
However, the relaxed state is about sixty times per minute - that
is one second cycle in the calm state, but the tension from trying to
shoot will double or more that rate, with the circle’s widening and
shortening speed increasing in response. It was impossible to shoot in
the valley between the beats.
That was the biggest reason why GGO has so few snipers.

They could not hit. They couldn’t stop the tension when they
needed to snipe. Of course, in close combat the heart beat could make
the Bullet Circle pulse, but you can still hit at short range with that. For
full-auto sub-machine guns and assault rifles, that’s even more true.
However, sniping at long range distance of over 1000 meters, the

81

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Bullet Circle is usually several times of a man in size. Currently in
Sinon’s view, the 30% accuracy size is already a miracle.
- But.

Sinon whispered in her heart.

This pressure, anxiety, terror is to what kind of extent. Distance of
1500? That is just like throwing a ball of paper into the wastebasket.
Yes Compared to that time.

The core of her head became cold. Her heartbeat slowed down
like a lie.
- Ice. I am a machine made of cold ice.

The Bullet Circle change cycle slowed down all at once. At the
same time her feeling of time extended, she could clearly tell the
instant when the circle was at its smallest size.

One... Two... At the third shrinking circle, when it pointed to the
heart of the man carrying the Minimi, Sinon pulled the trigger.
A roar similar to thunder shook the world.

From Hecate II’s front side muzzle brake, a huge flame erupted,
the released bullet cut through the gun sound and moved forward. The
recoil shock pushed Sinon and the rifle back, her two feet braced as she
withstood the impact.

At the other end of the reticule, maybe he noticed the muzzle
flash, the man turned his head this way. His sight crossed with Sinon
who was peering through the scope -

82

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

At that instant, the man’s chest to his shoulders, including his
head, became tiny object fragments and disappeared. A bit later, the
rest of his body broke like a glass statue being hit and dispersed in
fragments. Unfortunately for him, the fearfully high price Minimi he
was carrying became a random drop and fell to the sandy ground. For
sure, after that man had returned to the street from revival, he would
have to contend with the shock of an instant death and the loss of his
weapon.

Sinon confirmed the above without emotion, her right hand
moved automatically and pulled Hecate II’s bolt handle. With a metallic
sound a huge shell was ejected, which disappeared after hitting the
rock beside.

While loading the next round of ammunition, Sinon shifted her
rifle slightly to the right, the second target, the large man with the
cloak was within her scope. The man’s goggle covered face was looking
straight this way. Aiming a bit above that body, her trigger finger
tighten slightly. The green Bullet Circle appeared again, instantly
shrinking to a dot.

Only three seconds had passed since her first shot. A semiautomatic rifle can fire continuously, but the bolt action Hecate II could
not do that. Even so, for average players, seeing their teammate
suddenly pulverized, they would be dismayed and shocked, from there
it will take them five seconds to recover their mental state, identify the
sniping direction, and get ready to evade. If you aim for that confusion,
the second shot being successful will be possible, but -

However, the man in the cloak showed no sign of confusion, from
the depths of his large goggles staring straight at Sinon. Sure enough,
this guy is a very experienced veteran, he must be a well-known player,
Sinon thought as she pulled the trigger.

83

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

84

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

At this point in the man’s field of view, the bullet trajectory
aiming for him was shown as a «Ballistic Prediction Line» (Bullet Line),
a light red half-translucent light. For gun battles, that is the game’s
nonsense way of making things more interesting, a defensive system
assist. If the player has high reaction, high AGI, and enough courage, he
can evade more than 50% of the assault rifle continuously fired bullets
from 50 meters.

A sniper class’s biggest advantage is that only the first shot won’t
have a Line shown to the target. However, as Sinon’s position had
already been exposed from her first shot, she no longer had that
advantage.
Another roar. From Hecate II’s merciless finger released «Death»
crystallized bullet that cut through the light yellow atmosphere and
flew away.

But as Sinon expected, the man calmly took a big step to the right.
Right after, the 12.7mm bullet cut through the space one meter from
the large body. It smashed a hole in a concrete wall in the wilderness
far behind him.
Sinon’s right hand moved unconsciously, reloading the next
round, her finger returning to the grip did not go to the trigger.

Any further sniping would be useless. If she must snipe again, she
would have to move from her current position, hiding from that man’s
sight, and wait 60 seconds for the identification information to reset.
However at that point the battle trend should have been decided.
While peering through the scope, she whispered to the receiver.
“First target clear. Second target fail.”

Dyne quickly replied.

85

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

“Understood. Attack begin. ...Go, Go, Go!!”

Zhaa! A sound of ground being kicked while moving out lightly
reached her. Sinon blew out her held breath slightly.

The mission she had been given was now completed. Since Hecate
II was an ultra rare gun, if she took it into face-to-face combat and died,
then if the gun drops, it would be a very grave situation. Dyne said she
could go on standby after sniping. Her second shot missing remained in
her heart, and she wished that the «Bad Feeling» she had would not
come to fruition.

While thinking, Sinon again moved her rifle, she lowered the
magnification to see the full enemy party in the scope. The four front
line men hurriedly jumped behind a close rock or concrete wall to hide,
behind them the rear guard with the large laser rifle and that large
man in the cloak “Ah...!!”

Sinon unconsciously let out a sound. Just then the large man
moved both arms, throwing the camouflage cloak from his body.

The man’s two hands had no weapon. His waist didn’t have a
weapon either.

What his broad back was carrying, that we had been thinking of
as an item transport backpack, was revealed.
Between his broad shoulders, a metal rail curved and extended.
From that hung an uncouth and precise metallic object.

Inside the Y-frame support, was a cylindrical machine component.
Its top part had a big carry handle, below that extended a six barrel
cluster gun body. Its length was easily over one meter.
86

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

The machine component had a belt link built in, it connected to a
large capacity ammo box that hung from the same rail.
That so called gun’s huge size and vicious shape, Sinon had only
seen it once on the GGO information site’s weapon list.

Its name seems to be «GE M134 Minigun». Classified under heavy
machine guns. One of the largest firearms to debut in Gun Gale Online.
The six linked barrels turn at high speed for loading, firing, and shell
ejecting, spitting out 7.62mm bullets at a crazy speed of 100 rounds
per second, nightmare was a substitute name for this gun - no, this
weapon.

Of course, its weight is also tremendous. Just the main body is
18kg, together with so much ammunition, it should be more than 40kg.
No matter what type of pure STR player he is, it’s impossible to be
within his max weight limit. Of course, being overweight means there
should be a movement penalty.

The reason why that party was moving so slowly, was not
because of extending the hunt. That was the man’s maximum walking
speed.

While terrified, Sinon peered into her scope, in the middle of
Sinon’s field of vision, the big man reached behind his back with his
right hand and grabbed the handle of the Minigun. The large machine
gun smoothly slid on a rail and rotated 90 degrees to the right side of
the man’s body. Both legs wide open, with a stance where the six gun
barrels facing forward - the man’s mouth below his goggles moved for
the first time, forming a fierce smile.
Sinon hurriedly adjusted the dial, reducing the scope’s
magnification to the minimum.

87

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

From the left-side field of view, Ginrou’s group of three attackers,
holding sub-machine guns, were moving forward. The light bullets
from the Laser Blasters that the enemy party’s vanguard prepared
drew pale blue tails as they met the assault, all of them left ripples, like
those on the surface of water, about one meter in front of Ginrou and
the others, then disappeared. That was the high performance
«Protection Field Against Light Bullets» effect.
Simply because they returned fire with a spray from live
ammunition based sub-machine guns, one of the enemy blaster users,
who was leaning out from behind a rock was covered in crimson
impact effects with a ‘pa pa’ sound and collapsed. Ginrou and the
others pushed forward again, toward the shadow of a concrete wall
close to the enemy At that time, the big man quickly lowered his waist.

The Minigun’s barrels spun at a high-speed, a belt of sparkling
light spurting out for as much as 0.3 seconds or so.

Just like that, along with part of the concrete wall, Ginrou’s avatar
disintegrated, then disappeared. Too quickly, like a sand doll exposed
to a water current.
“...!”

Sinon bit her lip then stood up. She picked up Hecate II from the
ground, folded the two legs and slung the strap over her shoulder.

The Hecate II, with a total length of 138 cm, dug heavily into the
shoulder of Sinon, whose height wasn’t even 155 cm, but was still
within her weight limit. Her sidearm, the «H&K MP7», was an ultracompact type sub-machine gun that somehow didn’t go over her

88

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

weight limit, since Sinon’s high STR value was just enough to allow her
to carry seven magazines for the Hecate II.

Even with the naked eye, she could see the bloom-like muzzle
flashes on the battle field nearly one and a half kilometers away. Sinon
remained silent, and ran full speed ahead.

Since it had come to that, the flow of the battle had
overwhelmingly turned against Dyne and the others. If the Minigun
user was alone, then by maintaining at least mid-range distance and
constantly moving at high speeds it would be possible to beat him.
However, with the Laser Blaster users providing the Minigun cover,
once you closed in to the short range that made defensive field less
effective, you could not avoid the opponent.

Although she was a member of the squadron, even if she were to
withdraw, she expected that nobody would complain. After all, she had
carried out the objective she was commanded to perform as a sniper.
However, Sinon ran in a straight line toward the battle. She was
not thinking of helping her companions. Just that Minigun man’s smile
that floated made Sinon’s feet move forward.

That guy could smile on the battlefield only because he had
strength. The play time required to obtain the Minigun, that was
similar or rarer than the Hecate. The equipment demanded
perseverance to pile on enough STR to be formidable. In addition, the
courage he had to calmly deal with Sinon’s sniping.

To fight such an opponent, by killing him, the other too weak me the always sobbing, immature «Asada Shino» would be extinguished.

For that alone, she invested herself in this crazy world. Escaping
here, then everything accumulated so far would have been in vain.

89

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Kicking off the dry ground at the highest speed her parameters
allowed, tearing through the dusty air, Sinon was at full gallop.

She moved about on the gravel laden sand, avoiding and jumping
over protruding rocks, crumbling walls, and others obstacles, rushing
into the battle area in just a few tens of seconds.

Her AGI parameter was opened full throttle to assist in making a
fierce dash in a straight line. She didn’t even slightly consider seeking
cover. The enemy group probably already caught Sinon’s approaching
figure.

Compared to the beginning, the two parties’ battle area had
shifted significantly. Of course, the ones retreating were Dyne’s group.
With the Minigun forcibly providing backup with strafing fire, the
enemy group’s vanguard was pressing the distance steadily. In order to
escape the effective range of the optical guns, the four people, including
Dyne, were constantly falling back, moving from cover to cover.

Rushing straight into the wilderness to escape was no longer
possible. If their figures were exposed, they’ll be instantly bathed in the
Minigun’s bullets like a waterfall and honeycombed. Moreover, the
concrete wall Dyne and the others now entrusted their backs to was
mostly missing in their escape route. That only left the remains of the
more than half collapsed building that their initial approach utilized. If
they fled there, they would just be trapped like rats in a bag.

Sinon, who instantly understood the situation, tried to jump into
the shadow of the wall where Dyne and the others were taking a
breather. At that moment, three thin red lines of light appeared right in
front of Sinon.
“Ku...”

90

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Clenching her teeth, she entered an evasive stance. These are
trajectory lines from the enemy attackers that use Laser Blasters.

First, Sinon lowered her body to the limit and slipped under the
first Bullet Line. Immediately after, precisely tracing the line overhead,
a pale blue heat ray scorched the space. Before her eyes, the second
Bullet Line extended. She kicked the ground with her right foot using
all her strength and jumped, her body danced in the air. A laser passed
right by her abdomen, and for a moment her vision went white.

The third Bullet Line crossed slightly above Sinon’s jumping path.
She shrunk her head as much as possible to avoid the incoming heat
ray, but the tip of her thin blue short-cut hair was slightly touched by
the ray, with a cracking sound light particles dispersed.
Somehow managing to avoid the continuous Laser Blaster fire,
Sinon landed on the ground, in front of her eyes -

her.

A horribly thick, about 50 cm diameter blood colored line bathed

No mistake, this is the Minigun’s Bullet Line. A few tenths of
second later, that storm like burst attack would come.

Sinon whipped her body that was paralyzed by fear, she bent her
right foot that just touched ground, and again jumped with all her
strength. She turned her body in the air, at the top of the high jump her
body was laying flat.

Right after, a gale of energy waves passed by, barely below her
back, where she felt its turbulence. After the cluster of shining white
live ammo passed by her view, another part of the broken wall of the
ruined building a little distance away was blown apart.

91

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Just before her back landed on the sandy ground, she turned her
body again, landing on hands and legs. At the same time she threw her
body forward as hard as she could. After rolling several times, she
reached the shadow of the concrete wall where Dyne’s group was
hiding.
The squadron leader stared with consternation at Sinon who
suddenly appeared in front of him. No matter if this looked like good
intentions, his eyes did not shine with gratitude, just doubt for
someone who stuck her head in a deadly place on purpose.

Dyne soon turned his face, looking at the assault rifle in his hands.
His muttered voice, sounded low.
“...Those bastards, they called a bodyguard.”
“Bodyguard?”

“You do not know? He’s that Minigun user. He is called
«Behemoth», a brainy muscular guy that is based in the north
continent. He is hired as protection-like things by squadrons with
money but no perseverance.”

That is a way more respectable play style than yours, Sinon
thought, but of course didn’t say it. Instead, she turned to look the
three attackers beyond Dyne, who stuck their heads once in a while out
of cover to fire blankly at the enemy group. She said in a volume that
barely reach their whole group.
“If we continue hiding like this we will be wiped out soon. - The
Minigun’s remaining bullets is a bit dubious, if everyone attack at the
same time he will just mow us down without any concern. We have to
eliminate that option. The two with SMG go left, Dyne and I will go
around right side, M4 stay here for backup...”

92

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Saying up to here, Dyne interrupted with his husky voice.

“...It won’t work, there are three Blaster users left. If we rush in
the defense shield effect will...”

“Blaster continuous fire rate is slower than live ammo guns, we
can avoid half.”
“Impossible!”

Dyne repeated stubbornly and shook his head.

“Rushing in will get you blown away by the Minigun
anyway. ...Although it is regrettable, let’s give up. If you are too proud
to see them win, then logout here....”

Even if you logout in a neutral field, you won’t disappear
immediately. Your avatar without soul will stay there for a few minutes,
vulnerable to being attacked. The probability is low, but weapon or
armor random drop could happen.
Thus far, she thought that the leader’s retreat timing was way too
early, but with this kind of desperation, not mentioning a child’s
temper, she had never thought he would make that kind of proposal.
Sinon stared while half dumbfounded at Dyne’s supposedly veteran
soldier’s face.
At the moment, Dyne showed his teeth and shouted.

“What, don’t take the game so seriously! Either way is the same,
even if we rush we will die in vain...”
“Then die!”

On reaction, Sinon shouted her reply.

“At least in the game, to try to die facing gunpoint!”

93

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Really, why should she say that kind of thing to a man that’s just a
target. Before that, it meant she would be cutting ties with this
squadron.

While part of her heart was thinking that, she took Dyne’s
camouflage jacket collar and forcefully pulled it. At the same time, she
quickly said to the remaining wide eyed three.

“Three seconds will be fine, get the Minigun’s attention, I will
finish him with Hecate.”
“...Un, understood.”

The man with goggles on his green hair struggled for a long time
then finally responded, and the remaining two team members nodded.
“Ok, we will split in two, left and right go at same time.”

Sinon pushed the sulking Dyne’s hip, and they moved to the
shelter’s end point. She took her sidearm MP7 from her left waist, and
started a countdown with hand sign.
Three... two... one,
“GO!!”

At the same time, she kicked the ground hard and entered one
second ahead, the battlefield where continuous death awaited.

At that moment, a few Bullet Lines appeared in front of her. She
lowered her body, while sliding to avoid them, the enemy group
entered her field of view.

In front to the right, behind a wall about twenty meters ahead,
were two people with Laser Blasters. A bit to the left was another. The
Minigun man «Behemoth» was in the center about ten meters behind
them, he was aiming for her teammates that went out from the left.

94

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

While Sinon was running to the right, she aimed the MP7 in her
left hand at the Blaster users. Pressing the trigger slightly made a
Bullet Circle show up, there was no way she could control her heart
rate, it pulsed around the men’s bodies.
Even so she fired. She felt the recoil shock that was nothing
compared to Hecate II in her palm, and she emptied the 20 round
magazine of 4.6mm bullets in one go.

The reckless counterattack made them panic, and the two Blaster
users tried to hide behind the wall, but a few bullets still hit their
bodies. It was not enough to drop their HP to zero, but it would buy her
a few seconds of time.
“Dyne! Support me!”

Sinon shouted and threw herself on the ground, at the same time
removing Hecate II from her back and holding it in her two hands. She
didn’t have time to extend its two leg stand. Enduring its terrible
weight, she peered through the scope.

As it was still set on low magnification, she could see all of
Behemoth’s upper body. That face instantly turned to look her way,
Sinon pulled the trigger without waiting for the Bullet Circle to shrink.
A roar and certain kill flash tore through the space - it passed by
right next to Behemoth’s head. The attack blew away the goggles from
Behemoth’s head, turning into powder and disappearing.
She missed - !

Sinon bit her lips and was going to stand up, then her vision in the
scope crossed with Behemoth. Behemoth who exposed his real face, his
two grey eyes were blazing with light, his lips had another fearless
smile on it.

95

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

Sinon’s whole body was covered by a huge red light.

Impossible to avoid, she instantly came to the conclusion. From
her prostrated firing position, getting up and jumping left or right,
there’s no time for that.
At least, face the gun muzzle - .

Follow her own words, Sinon stood up and looked straight at
Behemoth. Suddenly, a few places in that huge body, “Papaa!” sound
with light burst.

It was Dyne. While kneeling with one leg on the ground and
holding his assault rifle, he fired with high accuracy. In this situation, at
this distance, the fact that he can score so many hits means no matter
what his personality was, his skills were amazing, while thinking that
Sinon jumped with all her might to her right side. Right after, the place
she had just been was cut with tens of rounds of bullet storm.
“Dyne! Move to the right more....”

At that point in her shout.

The two Laser Blaster users again appeared from their cover,
aiming at the standing Dyne and firing without mercy arrows of light.

The range was way too close. The heat rays passed through
Dyne’s defense field and hit his body one after another.
Dyne looked at Sinon for an instant. The he faced forward “Uooo!!”

With that single cry, he started running straight forward.

A rain of light bullets attacked Dyne. He dodged, slipped through,
while fiercely dashing. But of course, he couldn’t avoid all the shots.

96

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

The last few seconds, Dyne pulled the protection talisman
replacement Plasma Grenade from his waist and threw it at their cover.
At the same time his HP was all gone, while his avatar was still facing
away from Sinon, he broke into numerous polygon pieces and
scattered away.
Subsequently, the world was dyed in white flash.

A giant hammer of God impacted the ground. Green white energy
flow went crazy, a huge dust storm went up. Mixed in that, a Blaster
user’s body flowed in the air, before it reached ground, it was smashed
and annihilated.
- Nice Guts!

She gave a short elegy to Dyne who exited the battle, then
squinting her eyes from the dust and quickly checked the battle field.
One of her two teammates who took the left wing seem to have
been killed by the Minigun, and the Blaster user over there seem to
have disappeared.

The right wing, due to Dyne’s self-destruction, was a mess, he
took one enemy attacker with him, the one left over should be stunned.
Then - in the gradually dispersing dust, a huge silhouette
approached her in a straight line.

If this continued, it would be Behemoth and her fighting face-toface. But at that distance, her sniper rifle couldn’t win against the
heavy machine gun.

She had to find a way to enter the Minigun’s blind spot while she
was in a position to fire. But in one-on-one front fighting, there’s no
blind spot...

97

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

- No.

Sinon held her breath for a moment. While the dust that cover
everything caused by Dyne’s grenade was still here, Behemoth couldn’t
tell exactly where she was. Of course she couldn’t snipe since she
couldn’t see him clearly either, but maybe she could go to the one place
in this area where that bullet storm couldn’t reach.

While thinking that, she turned around and fiercely dashed out.
She headed for the broken and fallen building ruin at the rear of the
battlefield.

Jumping through the entrance, she couldn’t see that the rear of
the building had collapsed and the yellow sky was visible, but she
aimed for the right hand wall - there were stairs going up. While trying
not to step on the broken tiles and make a noise, she ran carefully.

On the metal staircase, she should step lightly, but she went up
without bothering to. She kicked the wall like a dancer to change her
direction and went farther up.

She reached the fifth floor in less than twenty seconds, the stairs
ended there. There was a huge window on the left.
From here, she should have a few seconds to take a sniping
position without Behemoth noticing.

While thinking that, Sinon placed the Hecate II against her
shoulder and looked out the window down at the battle field.
Suddenly her vision was painted red.

A few tens of meters below, Behemoth raised his Minigun to the
maximum height and aimed straight at Sinon. He had read her. Her
thought and battle plan, everything.

98

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

She had no time to retreat or lay down.

So strong. He was a real GGO player, no, a soldier.

However, this opponent was exactly the enemy that Sinon wished
to fight. Kill him. Have to kill him.

She didn’t hesitate. Without taking a sniping position, she put her
right foot on the window sill and jumped right out.

At the same time, like a burning flame, a flash of energy wave
came rushing up from the ground. Whack!! Intense shock came from
below Sinon’s left knee. Her avatar’s leg was blown away, and her HP
bar went down a lot.

However, she was still alive. She flew past the Minigun’s line of
fire and danced in space. She was directly above Behemoth’s imposing
stance.

He probably wanted to shoot till he ran out of bullets, so he
backed up, trying to keep Sinon in his firing line. But he couldn’t reach
her. For a Minigun that was hung on a rail on his back, there’s no way it
could aim directly above.
While falling, Sinon held Hecate II against her shoulder and
peered through the scope.

Her view was full of Behemoth’s rough face. In that face, the usual
smile disappeared. He showed his teeth, with surprise and anger
burning lantern in his eyes.
Sinon barely noticed that her own mouth moved.

What appeared was a smile. Savage, cruel, cold-hearted smile.

While falling, she was not stable enough to shoot far, but the
distance was way too close. When her gun muzzle was about one meter

99

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

100

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 3

from Behemoth’s head, her green Bullet Circle shrunk, and fixed on the
center of the man’s face.
“The End!”

While whispering, she pulled the trigger.

From the finger of the Goddess of the underworld, in this world,
the largest energy spear from one bullet was released.

That instantly pierced a huge hole through Behemoth’s face and
upper body, going deep into the rubble ground.

Subsequently, after the explosive roaring sound passed,
Behemoth’s huge cylindrical body disassembled and scattered.

101

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Chapter 4
The moment she stepped through the school gates, a dry and chill
wind blew against her face.
Asada Shino paused, tightly re-wrapping her white muffler.

Wearing cell-frame glasses, with more than half her face hidden
in the fabric of the muffler, she once again started walking. She
continued at a brisk pace on the sidewalk covered by autumn leaves,
heaving a small sigh from deep within her chest.

...Now, out of the total 608 days for 3 years worth of high school,
156 days have passed.

A quarter at last. With that thought, she was staggered by the
asceticism that was imposed on her for much too long. However, if she
were to add in middle school, then already 60 percent of the days had
faded away into the past. It will end, someday... it will end, someday.
She repeated those words in her mind like a mantra.
Of course, although graduation day was approaching, it wasn’t as
if she had something she wanted to do or someone she wanted to
become. Simply, her current self was in the middle of being forced to
belong; she wanted to be free from the group known as «high school
students».
Attending that asylum-like place day by day, listening to the
lectures of lethargic teachers, exercising and doing other things
alongside a bunch of people whom she doubted had changed in even a
single way since childhood. What kind of meaning was there in doing

102

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

any of that? Shino really could not understand. In very exceptional
circumstances, there were also teachers who gave lessons which she
found meaningful, and there were also students who should be
respected. But to Shino, none of their existences were essential.

Shino had once told her grandparents, now her legal guardians,
that she wanted to work immediately or train for employment at a
vocational school, rather than go to high school. Her old-fashioned
grandfather had turned red with anger, while her grandmother had
cried, saying that she wanted Shino to properly go to a good school and
marry into a good family, otherwise she wouldn’t be able to stand
apologizing to Shino’s father. She had little choice but to study
desperately, getting admitted into a fairly well-known metropolitan
high school in Tokyo, but she was surprised when she entered and got
a look. There was essentially no change at all from the public middle
school in her hometown.

In the end Shino, just as she had in middle school, routinely
counted the remaining days as she journeyed out of the school gates
each day.

Shino lived alone in an apartment located halfway between the
school and the JR train station. Although it was only the size of six
tatami mats, no larger than a small household kitchen, it was nice and
conveniently situated right next to the shopping district.
The shopping district at half-past three in the afternoon still did
not have many people in sight.

First, Shino browsed through the shelf display of the bookstore.
Though she found a new book from her favorite author, she held back
because it was a hard cover copy and left the store. If she reserved it

103

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

online, in about a month she could borrow it from the municipal
library.

Next, she went to the stationery store to buy an eraser and a gridruled notebook. After checking the remaining amount in her purse, she
headed to the supermarket located in the middle of the shopping
district while thinking about the menu for dinner. Naturally, Shino’s
dinners were simple and basic meals. As long as the balance of
nutrition, calories, and cost was met, taste and appearance were of
secondary importance.

While thinking of making carrot and celery soup along with a tofu
hamburger, she passed the front of the game center next to the
supermarket she was about to enter.
“Asada~—”

In the space between the two shops, a voice called out to Shino
from the narrow alley.

Recoiling reflexively, Shino slowly turned 90 degrees to her right.

Three female students, dressed in uniforms identical to Shino’s—
except with a significant difference in skirt length—stood in the alley.
One of them was squatting down and manipulating her cell phone. The
other two were leaning against the wall of the supermarket, smiling
while watching Shino.

While Shino remained silent, one of them who was standing made
an arrogant gesture, jerking with her chin.
“Come over here.”

But Shino did not move, asking in a small voice.

“...What?”

104

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

At that moment, another one of them approached and, without
hesitation, grabbed Shino’s right wrist.
“Whatever, just come.”

With that, she was pulled before she could even respond.

Shino was shoved in the direction of the alley and out of sight of
the shopping district, and the squatting student looked up at her. The
leader of the three was a girl named Endou. Her eyes, suspended by
black eyeliner, and her pointed chin gave off the impression of some
sort of predatory insect.
Contorting her glittered lips into a smile, Endou spoke.

“Sorry, Asada. We just sang so much karaoke, and now we have
no money to ride the train home. We’ll pay you back tomorrow, so lend
us some just for now.”
She put up a finger. She meant not a hundred, not a thousand, but
ten thousand yen.

They sang and sang but it wasn’t even twenty minutes since the
end of the class, all three of them even had cards for the regular train
fare, and, furthermore, why take as much as ten thousand yen just for
the train fare? With that, Shino had listed the logical discrepancies in
her mind in quick succession, but would not voice her thoughts.

It was the second time these three had bluntly requested money
from her. Last time, she had refused by saying that she did not have
any.

While considering that playing the same hand would have a very
low chance of success, Shino replied.
“There’s no way I would have so much.”

105

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Endou’s smile disappeared for a moment, and then reappeared.
“Then, go withdraw some more.”
“...”

Shino silently walked toward the shopping district.. They
probably wouldn’t follow her to the bank where other people could see
anyway. Who would honestly be stupid enough to do something like
coming back if you could just leave—as she thought that, Endou’s
words continued.
“The bag, leave it here. Your purse, too. As long as you have your
card it’s okay, right?”

Shino stopped and turned around. Though Endou’s lips didn’t
change from the shape of a smile, those two narrow eyes lit up—like an
excited cat toying with its prey.

These three people, she had once believed them to be her friends.
When she remembered that, Shino could not forgive her own folly.
In moving away from the countryside, she had left behind
everyone she once knew. And after entering high school, Shino had
nothing in common with her classmates, having no shared interest to
talk about, and so remained silent everyday. Endou and her friends
were the first to reach out to her.

After they invited her to eat lunch with them, the four of them
eventually stopped at fast food restaurants on the way home from
school. Shino mostly just listened to their conversations. Even though
she secretly couldn’t stand what they talked about at times, she was
still happy. Endou and company were her first friends in a long time
who were unaware of «that incident». She had believed, if it was at this

106

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

school, she could become a normal student.. Shino did not learn the
truth until much later. The three had only approached her after seeing
her address on the class register and guessing that she lived alone.

‘Can we go to your house to play?’ When they asked her that,
Shino had immediately agreed. Her apartment had been praised and
admired by Endou and her friends, surrounded by snacks and chatting
until it was dark.
The next day, and even the days after that, they came to Shino’s
apartment.

Before long, the three of them used Shino’s room to change into
casual clothing, then ride the train to go play. One day, they left their
belongings at Shino’s room and, from that day on, the clothes of the
three began to occupy her small closet.

Shoes. Bags. Cosmetics. Endou and her friends’ personal
belongings began to increase more and more. By the start of May, the
three of them would go out to play and return drunk, and then even
stay overnight just like that.

Finally, at some point, Shino had timidly complained that if they
came here too often, she would be troubled if she couldn’t study.

Endou simply responded, “We’re friends right?” And the next day,
they requested a spare key.
Then, it was on that Saturday in late May.

While Shino was standing in front of her door after coming home
from the library, she heard loud laughing voices echoing from inside
her room. It was not just the voices of Endou and her friends.
107

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino held her breath to listen carefully. The thought of checking
her own room was absurd, an act she did not want to do. Clearly, she
heard the laughter of several men.

In her own room, there were men she did not know. With such a
thought, Shino cowered in fear. It was followed by a burst of anger. She
had finally realized the truth.

She walked down the stairs of the apartment, using her cell phone
to call the police. Though the police officer that came seemed to be
perplexed by the stories told by both parties, Shino had intently
repeated, “I don’t know them.”

“For the time being we’ll go to the police station,” the police
officer told Endou, who then shot a terrible look at Shino.

“Hmph, I see,” Endou responded, packed up her stuff, and left the
room.
Retaliation came quickly.

Using devil-like investigative abilities, unheard of for their usual
group, Endou had looked up the reason Shino lived by herself: five
years ago in a far away prefecture, she was involved in the «incident»
that has almost been forgotten even on the net. Her past was exposed
to the whole school. The students willing to talk to Shino disappeared
completely, and even the teachers avoided looking directly at her.

Everything returned to the same as it was back in middle school.
But Shino thought that would be fine.

Her weakness of wanting a friend had clouded her eyes. There is
no one who can save you but yourself. She have no choice but to get

108

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

stronger through her own power, to overcome the wounds left by that
incident. In order to do that, friends were not needed. Rather, enemies
were fine. Enemies to fight - everything around her, enemies.
After a gulp, Shino took a deep breath, and looked straight into
Endou’s eyes.

A dangerous light dwelled in those two narrow eyes. This time
the smile disappeared completely. Endou spoke in a low voice.
“What? Hurry up and go already.”

“I don’t want to.”
“...Huh?”

“I don’t want to. I have no intention of lending you any money.”

Without averting her gaze, Shino replied.

Such a firm rejection would provoke even more hostility and
malice. Despite knowing this, Shino would not follow their request. To
follow their request was to run away and betray a weak resolve,
something she didn’t want to do. Not because it was Endou, but
because she did not want to show herself «a weak self». To become
strong, she spent the last five years thinking like this. If she yielded
here, then those efforts would have been in vain.
“You bitch... don’t you dare look down on me.”

With her right eye twitching, Endou took a step forward. The
other two girls quickly circled behind Shino, surrounding her from a
close range.

“—I’m leaving now, so move aside.” Shino said in a low voice. No
matter how much they threatened her, Endou did not have the guts to
take real action. These girls were just normal, good children when at

109

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

home. They should have learned from before not to make it into a
police issue.
But.

Endou was very familiar with Shino’s weak point—the one spot
Shino couldn’t defend.
The fancy color on her lips shined as a mocking smile grew.

Endou slowly raised her right fist and pointed it toward the
bridge of Shino’s glasses. She extended her thumb and index finger
from her fist, forming a child’s imitation of a handgun. A silly, childish
caricature.

However, with only that, Shino’s whole body was enveloped by a
chilling sensation.

She gradually lost strength in both of her legs. Her balance felt
distant. In her eyes, the alley began to lose its color in contrast to
Endou’s finger before her. Shino could not take her eyes off the index
finger’s long nail with a glossy shine. Her heartbeat quickened, a highfrequency sound rang in her ears, increasing in pitch rapidly...
“Bang!”

Endou suddenly called out. Almost simultaneously, Shino let out a
blood-curdling scream. She could not stop the trembling coming from
the core of her body.

“Pfft..., hey, Asada~” While her fingertip was still extended, Endou
spoke in a voice mixed with laughter.

“So my older bro has a number of those model guns. Next time, I’ll
show it to you at school. You like them right, pistols.”
“...”

110

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Her tongue could not move. In her dry mouth, it just quivered in a
troubled way.

Shino shook her head with a small stutter. If a real model gun was
suddenly shown to her in school, she was likely to faint right there.
Simply by imagining that scene, her stomach began to shrink, and her
body could not help but bend down.
“Hey hey, don’t puke Asada~—”

Behind her, there were still voices mixed with laughter.

“But when you puke and collapse in the middle of world history
class, it’ll be super tough afterwards.”
“Well, if it’s here, then there are drunken old men puking quite
often.”
Louder laughter burst out.

I want to escape. I wish I could run away. But I can’t do it. The two
opposing thoughts echoed loudly inside her mind.

“For the time being, we’ll let you off with what you have on you
now, Asada. You look sick, anyway.”

Endou reached out to the bag held by Shino’s right hand, Shino
really could not resist. ‘Don’t think about it, don’t remember it.’ While
thinking that, the vision of her memory revived in a black brilliance.
The heavy, wet feel of iron. The smell of gunpowder inside the nose—
At that time, a shout sounded from behind her.
“This way! Mr. Patrolman, hurry!!”
A young man’s voice.

111

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Endou’s hand moved quickly away from her bag. The three
people ran out the front with amazing speed, mixing into the crowd of
people in the shopping district.

This time her legs really lost strength, and Shino collapsed onto
her knees, crouching.

She desperately tried to control her breathing, trying to keep
herself from panicking. Slowly, the shoppers noisy conversation and
the super market’s grilled chicken smell came back and her
nightmarish flashback faded away.

How many tens of seconds had she been in that state? Then, from
behind, came a timid voice.
“...Are you okay, Asada-san?

Taking one last deep breath, Shino gathered strength in her
weakened legs and stood up.

She adjusted her glasses while turning around, and saw a small
skinny boy.

He wore jeans and a nylon pullover, with a dark green backpack
over his shoulders. Along with his casual clothes, a black baseball cap
sat over his little round face. Although he looked like a middle school
student, the dark shadows beneath his eyes betrayed his youthful
visage. Shino knew this boy’s name. He was the only one in this town
she could trust—or at least wasn’t an enemy. In another world they
have a good relationship like comrades.

Feeling her heartbeat finally settle down, Shino gave him a small
smile and replied.
112

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

113

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

“...I am all right. Thank you, Shinkawa-kun—Where are the
police?”

She looked at the back of the alley; it was dark and empty, and no
one seemed to be appearing.
Shinkawa Kyouji scratched his head through his cap and smiled.

“It was a bluff. It happens a lot in movies and manga right? I
wanted to try it once. I’m glad it worked.”
“...”

Shino was somewhat amazed, and gently shook her head.

“...You always come up with these kinds of tricks in a flash—Why
are you here?”

“Ah, I was at the game center over there. I came out the back
door...”

Kyouji looked behind him. On the rain soaked concrete wall near
the road, she really could see a small silver door.
“Those guys surrounded Asada-san. I really thought of dialing
110...”

“Yes, you were a great help. Thank you.” Shino smiled again,
Kyouji also smiled for a moment, then returned to a worried look.

“...Asada-san, this kind of thing...does it happen a lot? That...even if
it’s me saying it, you should report this to the school...”
“It won’t help, even if I do that. It’s okay, if they go any further
than this, I will really go to the police station. Then again, before
worrying about other people, are you... all right?”
“Ah...I’m fine. I have not met those guys again.”

114

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

The small boy, this time gave a self-delusional sort of smile.

Shinkawa Kyouji was Shino’s classmate before the summer
holidays. “Was,” as he hadn’t come to school since the second school
semester.

From the rumors she’d heard, Kyouji was severely bullied by the
seniors in his soccer club. His physique was small and his family owned
a large hospital, which made him look like the perfect target. They
didn’t ask him for money outright like Endou’s group did, but he paid
for their food, entertainment and other sorts of stupid stuff, damaging
his self-esteem in the process.
Natually, she had never heard about this directly from Kyouji.

They first got to know each other in June, in the nearby municipal
library.
Shino was in the second floor reading room, reading The World’s
Firearms. She had finished most of the graphic magazine.

At the time, she was finally able to look at such pictures without
panicking, but looking at the page with «that gun» for around ten
seconds was her limit. Right when she hurriedly closed the book, a
voice came from behind ‘...Do you like guns?’
That the person who had said that was her classmate was
something she didn’t realize until later.

Shino had wanted to immediately answer, ‘No way, it’s the
opposite’. However, then he would question why she was reading the
magazine. It would be hard for her to offer a rational response, so she
had just answered vaguely.
115

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Now, Kyouji knew that Shino had an extreme fear of guns in the
real world, but back then he misunderstood Shino’s response. So, he
smiled happily and sat in the chair next to her.

He pointed at the graphic magazine and talked about the firearms
pictured, while Shino listened with cold sweat flowing within her. But
among all that, Kyouji mentioned a «different world».

She knew that Full Dive game machines went on sale a few years
ago, and she also knew about the term VRMMO. However, Shino had
grown up without playing games, and believed that it was enough for
«A World of Swords and Magic» to exist only in fantasy books. She
wasn’t interested in it.

But the virtual world Kyouji intimately described in a dreamlike
way didn’t have any swords or magic. In exchange—it had guns. That
world’s name was «Gun Gale Online» (GGO). The many firearms that
exist, or have existed, in real life were precisely reproduced in that
world, and the players use those weapons to kill each other in a
gruesome wasteland.
Shino interrupted Kyouji, asking him with a sigh.

“—In the game...does this gun exist?”

The boy blinked in surprise, then nodded in an of course fashion.

If it’s like that, Shino started thinking. In that virtual world, can
she confront «that gun» again? Five years ago, her eleven year old
heart was deeply pierced; that black gun left a bullet wound which
would never disappear. Can she face that black gun once more; fight it;
overcome it?

116

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino firmly held her cold, sweat-soaked hands and, in cool voice,
asked Kyouji, “To start playing this game, how much money is
required?”
Half a year had passed.

Inside Shino was born a girl named «Sinon», a ruthless sniper
who became famous in the wasteland of GGO.

But, unfortunately, she still has not met an enemy with «that gun».
So Shino does not know. Has her real self—not Sinon, but Asada
Shino—really become strong, or not...?
The answer still eludes her. “...Hey, would you like a drink? My
treat.”

Kyouji’s voice pulled Shino out of her deep thoughts. Looking up,
she found the sun shining into the narrow alley had already begun to
redden.
“...Really?”

Shino smiled, then Kyouji happily nodded.

“I want to hear about your recent rampaging story. In this alley,
there’s a quiet tea shop.”

A few minutes later, sitting in a seat deep within the shop she was
led to, holding her hands around a cup of nice, fragrant milk tea, she
finally relaxed a bit. Endou will probably continue to find ways to bully
her. Well, what will happen will happen, she thought, pushing those
thoughts to a corner of her mind.
“I heard, the day before yesterday. You had a big success right?”

117

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

She looked up at Kyouji’s voice. The skinny boy was poking at the
half ball of vanilla ice-cream floating on top of his ice coffee with a
spoon, looking at her with upturned eyes.

“...That’s not true. The battle plan was a failure. In our squadron of
six, four were killed. For an ambush that turned into a firefight, the
result can’t be called a win.”

She replied with a shrug. Thinking of actual firearms in the real
world could easily push her into panic, but recently, while talking
about things inside GGO, she had managed to stay calm. It is like the
virtual world was having a rehabilitation effect. “Still, it’s amazing. That
Minigun user «Behemoth» has never died in a group battle before this,
I heard.”
“Oh...is he that famous? I didn’t see him in the «Bullet of Bullets»
ranking, so I didn’t know about him.”
“There’s a reason for that. No matter how strong the Minigun is
said to be, carrying 500 rounds of ammo puts him overweight, so he
can’t run anymore. «BoB» is a solo encounter fight. If he gets sniped
from long distances, it will be over. However if he has adequate
support in a group battle, he’s invincible. That weapon is against the
rules.”

Seeing Kyouji complain like that with a pout, Shino could not help
smiling.

“...Then, my Hecate II would really be against the rules. After
using it, I have to face a variety of troubles, too. That Behemoth-san is
probably thinking the same thing, too.”
“Geesh, that’s luxurious trouble...So, what are your plans for the
next BoB?”

118

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

“I will enter, of course. I have almost all of the previous top 20
ranked people’s data collected. This time I plan to bring Hecate. This
time, I will...”
Kill, she was going to say, then hurriedly covered up with:

“...Try to reach the upper ranks.”

Shino/Sinon participated in the GGO ranking tournament two
months ago, named «Bullet of Bullets». Thirty people who passed the
preliminaries entered the main tournament, a battle royal, vying to be
the strongest. Despite her efforts, Sinon finished as rank 22nd. As the
thirty participants are randomly placed in a wide map at the start of
BoB, there is a chance that you can be instantly forced into close range
combat. So, she had used an assault rifle instead of the sniper rifle
Hecate II. But during close combat, she was killed by a sniper with a
«Remington M40» from afar.

Two months later, even if the gun was still hard to manage, she
had gained experience with Hecate and gotten used to it. She also
obtained a rare light sub-machine gun «MP7», so she could handle
close combat more effectively. She will bring the huge rifle to enter the
upcoming third BoB, she thought. Basically, she will hide behind
cover—even if said to be unfair—waiting for a target to enter her view,
and then blow them all away without leaving even one remaining.

In this GGO, filled with powerful warriors, she will kill all her
enemies. And when she can be sure that she is the strongest—at that
time, for sure...
Kyouji’s regretful voice in her ear pulled Shino away from her
dark thoughts.
“I see...”

119

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino blinked and looked at Kyouji, he was looking at her with
somewhat shining eyes. “Asada-san is amazing. You obtained that
incredible gun... and your stats are like those guys with STR builds. I
invited you to GGO, but you already left me far behind.”

“...That’s not true. Shinkawa-san got to the semifinals in the
previous preliminary tournament too. That fight was mostly luck. What
a pity, if you had reached finals then you would have been able to enter
the main tournament.”

“No... I can’t. With an AGI build, without some extremely good
luck with rare drops, this is as good as I’ll get. My stats placement was
a mistake...”
While listening to Kyouji’s complaint, she frowned.

The other Kyouji, a character named «Spiegel», followed the AGI
route, which focused on increasing the dexterity parameter and was
popular early on.

This type of character used its overwhelming evasion and firing
speed—in this case, rapid fire isn’t the gun’s actual firing speed, but the
time needed to aim and for the Bullet Circle to steady—to destroy
other character types. AGI builds held the advantage for half a year
since the start of GGO. However, as new maps were conquered, they
lacked the STR, the strength to equip the new weapons that became
available, or the guns themselves became more accurate so evasion
became less effective. Now, eight months after the beginning of service,
AGI builds could not be called the main trend any longer. Even so, if
AGI types managed to obtain rare, large caliber rifles specialized in
firing speed, for example the «FN FAL» or «H&K G3», they could still do
well as they are. The previous BoB 2nd rank player called «Yamikaze»
120

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

was an AGI build—that said, he was beaten by the winner
«Zekushiido», a balanced STR-VIT build. However—

For Shino, stats and type related things were just «Character
Strength». There was a more important factor which solemnly existed.

That is, a player’s own strength; their strength of heart. In her
fight the day before yesterday, «Behemoth» usually had a calm
composure when he moved, and above that he had the luxury to put on
a half smile. The source of that man’s strength wasn’t his M134
Minigun, but his ferocious smile.
That’s why Shino couldn’t fully accept the way Kyouji said things
were.

“Yes... That rare gun is very strong, although... There are strong
people with rare guns, but not everyone with a rare gun is strong.
Actually, about half of the thirty people who entered the previous
tournament only used customized guns bought in shops.”

“That is... Since Asada-san has that super rare gun, and above that
you are a balanced STR build, that’s why you can say that. There really
is a large gap in weapon quality...”

While watching Kyouji sigh and stir his coffee float, Shino realized
that saying anymore would be useless, so she tried to end the topic.
“Then, Shinkawa-kun won’t be entering the next BoB?”
“...No. Even if I enter, it would be useless.”

“I see... Well... you have studies too. You are going to the Prep
school’s big test right? How were your mock exam results?”

121

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Kyouji hadn’t gone to school since summer vacation, and it
seemed he had considerable argument with his father over that
incident.

His father runs a relatively large hospital, and so the second son
Kyouji who was to succeed the family name had been strictly ordered
to prepare for the medical department exams. The result of a very
tense family meeting was, they would allow him to study at home, but
in the year after the next, he must participate in university entrance
qualification examinations in order to enter the famous university’s
medical department where his father graduated from without losing
any time. That was their promise, as Shino had heard from him in the
past.
“Ah... Yes.”

Kyouji nodded and smiled.

“I am fine, I’m maintaining the rank I had while going to school.
No problem, Ms. Instructor.”
“Good.”

Shino jokingly replied, also with a smile.

“Shinkawa-kun’s login time is incredible. I was a little worried.
Whenever I went in you were always online.”
“I study during the day time. Variation is very important.”

“Since you spend so much time playing, you must make a lot of
money—?”

“...That’s not true. It’s almost impossible for AGI builds to solo
hunt now...”

122

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Since the conversation mood became strange again, Shino
hurriedly said.

“Well, making enough for the connection fee is fine...Sorry, I need
to go home soon.”
“Ah, I see. Asada-san makes her own dinner right? I would like to
eat your food again, if possible.”

“Ah, ye, yea, sure. Before that... I need to improve my cooking a
little.”
Shino started panicking again.

Just once, she had invited Kyouji to her home for dinner. Eating
the meal itself was fun, but afterward when they were facing each
other drinking tea, she felt Kyouji’s stare grow more intense, and she
had a cold sweat. Even though he was an ultra net gamer and gun
maniac, a man was still a man. In retrospect, she decided that inviting
him to her single person home was a bit careless.

She did not hate him. Chatting with him was one of the few ways
for her to relax in the real world. However, at the moment, she didn’t
want to consider anything beyond their current relationship. Not until
she can destroy the darkness deep within her heart, triumphing over
that memory.

“Thank you for your hospitality. Also... really thank you for saving
me. You were very cool.”

Shino said while getting up. Kyouji was all smiles while he
scratched his head.

“If I can always protect you that would be nice. That is... well,
when you return from school... can I go pick you up?”

123

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

“N, no, it’s fine. I also need to become strong.”

After hearing Shino’s laughing reply, Kyouji’s eyes shone once
more and his puppy dog eyes disappeared.
Shino climbed the concrete staircase, tinged slightly black after
soaking in years of rain.

The second door was the apartment house where Shino lived
alone. She took a key from her skirt pocket and inserted it into the old
electronic lock. After entering a 4-digit code in the small panel, she
turned her key, and heard a metallic click.
She entered the slightly dark entrance way and closed the door
with a hand behind her back.

She turned the deadbolt, and after confirming it was locked, she
silently let out, “I’m home.” Of course, no one answered her.

From the entrance area, a narrow, long space extended about 3
meters. The right side was the apartment’s bathroom door; on the left
side was a small kitchen.

She put the vegetables, tofu, and other things she bought from the
supermarket into the refrigerator next to the sink, then she walked
deep into the six tatami room, where she breathed a sigh of relief. As
the last rays of sunlight shone through the curtains, she touched a wall
switch to turn on the lights.

The room was nothing to be proud of. The floor was covered with
vinyl tiles, and the curtains were a plain ivory color. Before the righthand wall was a black pipe bed, further down on the same side was a
similar dull, black colored writing desk, and against the opposite wall

124

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

was a small chest and a bookshelf, in line. A full length mirror beside
them was the main piece of furniture.

She put her school bag on the floor and removed her white
muffler. Taking off her coat, she placed it and her muffler on a hanger,
and put them into a small closet. She pulled the glossy, dark green scarf
from her almost black colored sailor uniform, but while her left hand
was pulling down the zipper, she stopped and looked at the writing
desk.
After school today had been somewhat troublesome, but she
managed to face Endou’s threats, so a little bit of confidence remained
deep in her heart. True, she did fall into panic, but even so she stood
her ground without running away.

And two days ago, inside GGO, she won a death match against the
strongest enemy she had ever seen. She felt that her heart was forged
in a remarkably strong fire.

Shinkawa Kyouji told her that Behemoth guy was invincible in a
party fight. She felt that legend wasn’t exaggerated, as that man had
released incredible pressure. During the fight, Shino/Sinon had
resigned herself to defeat and death - however in the end, she had
managed to obtain victory through her own strength.
Perhaps...

Perhaps, now, she would be able to face that memory, and force it
to yield.
While not moving, Shino continued to stare at the desk drawer.

Tens of seconds later, she threw the scarf, still in her right hand,
on the bed and quickly walked to the desk.
125

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

She took a few deep breaths to chase away the fear creeping up
her spine.

She put her fingers on the third drawer’s handle and slowly
pulled it open.

Inside were small boxes for organizing writing utensils and other
related items. As she kept pulling the drawer out, what was behind the
boxes was slowly exposed. As the box line ends, «that» shape appeared.
Shining, dull black, was a small—toy.
It was a plastic model gun. But the make was very detailed, the
tiny hairlines running on the surface gave the toy a metallic look.

She fought to calm her beating heart upon seeing that shape, and
stretched out her right hand. Her trembling right hand touched the
grip of the gun, held it, and then took it out. The profoundly heavy
feedback. The freezing cold as if it sucked in all the cold air from the
room.
This toy gun was not a model of any existing, real world firearm.
The grip was shaped in an ergonomic curve, and above the large
trigger guard was a high caliber gun barrel. It might be said to be a
Bullpup style gun, with the dull machine part with heat vents placed
somewhere behind and above the grip.

The gun’s name was «Procyon SL», an optical gun in Gun Gale
Online. Its category was handgun, but it could fire in full automatic, so
it was a popular sidearm for fights against monsters.
Although Shino has a storage room in Gurokken, this thing that
the real Shino holds, is not something she bought. It is not something
that is sold in the market anyway.

126

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

It happened a few days after she entered the Bullet of Bullets
tournament two months ago and lost with a rank of 22nd. Addressed
to Shino’s game account was an e-mail in English from «Zasker», GGO’s
operation company.

Though it took her some effort to interpret the contents, it
seemed to be a BoB Participation Award. She could choose to receive
in-game currency or items, or a Procyon SL model gun in the real world,
was what it seemed to say.
Even if it was a toy, she couldn’t stand receiving gun related items
in the real world, so she initially decided to pick the in-game money.
But then she thought of something.

In order to confirm the effect of her use of GGO as «drastic
treatment», one day, she must touch a model gun in the real world.
That said, for her to go buy a model gun in a toy shop would result in
too much psychological conflict. If she asked Kyouji, he would probably
happily lend her one, but she couldn’t stand the thought of going into
panic while accepting it. Buying one on the net was probably her best
choice, but looking at various gun pictures in the net shop would weigh
her down, so she could never actually buy one. And, of course, there
would be the problem of money.
If the GGO operation company sent her the model gun for free,
that might be the best way for her. So, after being indecisive up until
near the deadline, she chose to accept the Participation Award in the
real world.

A week later, the heavy International Postal Parcel (EMS) arrived.
It took her another two weeks to decide to open it.

127

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

However, her reaction to it at that time greatly betrayed her
expectations. Shino had pushed it into the deepest part of her desk
drawer and hid the memory in a corner of her mind.
And right now—Shino once again held Procyon in her hand.

The gun’s cold air passed from her right palm to her arm, up to
her shoulder, and seemed to seep deep into her body. It was only a
resin model, but its weight felt tremendous. It should have been a
handgun light enough to spin around with a finger, but she could only
feel that it was a chain binding her to the floor.

The gun became warm, stealing the body heat from her palm. And
in the cold and sweat soaked warmth, Shino felt another presence.
Who is that?

That is... that... man.

Her heart rate increased to a speed beyond her control. Cold
blood coursed through her body, ringing loudly in her ears. She lost her
sense of orientation. The floor under her feet tilted, losing solidity.
However, Shino could not remove her eyes from the gun’s black
shine. She stared at it at closely as if it would swallow her up.

There was a ringing in her ears. It became a high-pitched scream.
It was a small girl’s scream soaked with pure terror.
Who was the one screaming?
That was... me.

Shino did not know her father’s face.
128

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

It didn’t just mean she had no memory of her father in the real
world. Just as the words said, Shino had not seen the person that was
her father, not even in pictures or video.

When her father passed away due to a traffic accident, Shino was
not even two years old.

That day, the family of three, her father, mother, and Shino, had
been heading to her mother’s parents’ house to celebrate the new year.
Their car had been driving near the northeast border of the prefecture,
where an old, two lane road ran along a mountain side. Since they had
left Tokyo late, it was around 11pm at night.
The cause of the accident was evidenced by the tire tracks at the
scene: a truck coming from the opposite direction lost control of its
steering on a curve in the road and crossed over into their lane.

The truck driver crashed through the front glass and hit the road,
dying instantly.

Their small car was directly hit on the right side, was knocked
through the guardrail, and rolled down the side of the mountain, only
stopping when their car hit a pair of trees. At the time, her father, the
driver, was unconscious from serious injuries, but still alive, while her
mother sitting beside her father had a fractured left leg. Baby Shino in
the backseat was tightly belted down and sustained almost no injury.
However, she doesn’t have a single memory of that event.
Unfortunately, even the locals didn’t use that road too often,
especially late at night, so there wasn’t a single car passing by. Also,
due to the crash, their car’s cell phone was broken.

By the time a driver on the old road noticed the accident and
reported it the following morning, six hours had passed.

129

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

During that time, Shino’s mother could only sit and watch while
her father slowly became colder and eventually died from internal
bleeding.
At that moment, somewhere deep within her mother’s mind,
something broke.

After the accident, her mother’s mental state regressed to when
she was a teenager and met Shino’s father. Shino and her mother left
Tokyo and went to live with her mother’s parents. All her father’s
belongings, and any pictures and video containing him, were gotten rid
of by her mother, and she never mentioned any of her memories.
Her mother wanted peace and quiet, so she started living like a
country girl. What her mother saw Shino as, she couldn’t be sure even
15 years after the accident; perhaps, she viewed Shino as her little
sister. Even so, her mother still deeply loved Shino after the accident.
She remembered her mother reading picture books and singing
lullabies to her at night.
That’s why, in Shino’s memory, her mother was a frail girl who
was hurt easily. Naturally, when she started to understand better,
Shino thought that she had to become strong. She thought that she
must protect her mother.

Once, when her grandparents were out, a very persistent
salesman sat in the entrance, scaring her mother. So, the 9 year old
Shino chased him away by telling him that if he did not leave, she
would call the police.

For Shino, the outside world had many elements that threatened
her mother’s peaceful life. I have to protect her, have to protect her,
that was her single-minded thought.
130

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

That’s why—Shino thought back. That’s why that incident
happened. In a sense, it was inevitable. Shino kept trying to keep the
outside world far away, and so that malicious world came for revenge.

Shino, the eleven year old, fifth grader in elementary school,
didn’t play outside often, usually opting to return home from school
immediately and read books borrowed from the library. Her test
scores were good, but she didn’t have many friends. She was especially
sensitive to external interference; there was an incident where a boy
played a harmless trick by hiding her indoor shoes, so she hit him for
real and gave him a bloody nose.
It happened on a Saturday afternoon, after the start of the second
school semester.

Shino and her mother went to a nearby small post office together.
There weren’t any other customers.
While her mother filled out paperwork at a window, Shino sat on
a bench, dangled her legs and read a book placed there for people
waiting. She didn’t remember the title.

Squeak, she heard the sound of the door, looked up and and saw a
man enter. A skinny middle-aged man, wearing grayish clothing, one
hand holding a Boston bag.

The man stopped at the entrance and looked around inside the
office. His eyes met Shino’s for an instant. She thought his eye color
looked strange. In the center of his yellowed whites, dark pupils like
deep holes moved rapidly. Thinking back now, his pupils were too
dilated. It was uncovered later that the man, before he came to the post
office, was injected with some stimulant.
131

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

But at that moment, Shino didn’t have time to question it, as the
man quickly moved to a window.

As Shino’s mother was completing some sort of procedure at the
«transfers & savings» window, the man suddenly grabbed her right
arm with his left and pulled. He then threw her away violently. Her
mother fell without making a sound; the shock was so great that she
froze with her eyes open.
Shino instantly stood up. She was going to loudly protest the
sudden, unreasonable violence on her beloved mother.

Then, the man dropped his Boston bag on the counter loudly, and
took out a black object from within. By the time Shino realized that it
was a gun, the man had already pointed it at the male worker in the
window. Pistol—toy—no, real thing—robbery—!? A few words flashed
by in Shino’s mind.
“Put the money in the bag!”

The man shouted in a hoarse voice. Then, he continued.

“Both hands on the counter top! Don’t press the alarm button!
You there, don’t move!!”
back.

Moving his gun left and right, he restrained several workers in the

She should immediately run out of the office and call for help
outside, Shino thought. However she could not leave her mother lying
on the ground and go.
While she hesitated, the man shouted again.

“Hurry and put the money inside!! All you have!! Hurry!!”
132

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

The male worker at the window, with his face stiff, held out a 5cm
thick bundle of money in his right hand—
At that moment.

Her ears went numb. It took her some time to figure out it was
from the loud, explosive sound. Next, ding, a small, metallic sound
followed. Something had hit the wall and bounced, falling down around
Shino’s feet. A small, golden metallic tube.
When she raised her head again, she saw that on the other side of
the counter, the male worker’s eyes were round and both of his hands
clutched his chest.. She can see that under his neck tie, his white shirt
was dyed red. At that time, the worker on his chair leaned backward,
along with a file cabinet near him, and fell to the ground.
“I told you not to press the button!!”

The man’s voice became high-pitched. She could see that his hand
holding the gun was shaking. A smell reminiscent of fireworks reached
her nose.
“Hey, you! Come here and take the money!!”

The man’s gun pointed at two female workers who stood, frozen.
“Hurry and come!!”

The man’s sharp voice rang out, but the female workers just
shook their head and didn’t move. They probably had training to
counter robbery incidents, but actual bullets could not be blocked by
training from any manual.

The man kicked the lower part of the counter many times in
frustration. Maybe he was thinking of shooting another person, as he
133

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

raised his right hand holding the gun, again. Screaming loudly, the
female workers crouched down.

But then, the man did a half turn, and faced the customer side of
the room.

“If you don’t hurry, I’ll shoot another person!! I’m going to shoot!!”

The man’s gun was pointing at—fallen down on the floor, Shino’s
mother who was looking into space with empty eyes.

The scene happening in front of her was too much for her. Her
mother couldn’t even move her body. Instantly, Shino thought:
—I need to protect my mother.

The thought that she continuously had since she was a little child,
that willpower forced Shino’s body into action.
Shino dropped her book and ran out, she held onto the man’s
right wrist holding the gun, and instantly bit down on it. The child’s
sharp teeth easily penetrated the man’s skin.
“Whaa!?”

The man gave a surprised shout, then swung his right arm along
with Shino. Shino’s body hit the side of the counter. She lost two of her
baby teeth at that moment, but she didn’t feel it. In front of her eyes,
that man’s black gun slipped and fell from his hand. She picked it up
while he was preoccupied.
It was heavy.

The heavy weight of the metal was felt through both of her hands.
In contrast, the lined grip held by the man earlier was soaked with his
sweat, with the man’s body heat. It felt like a living thing.
134

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino as a child knew a bit about what the tool was for. If she
used this, she could stop the terrible man. Led by those thoughts, Shino
held the gun up near level with her eyes, both hands’ index fingers
went to the trigger, and pointed it at the man.
At that moment, the man let out a strange sound and jumped at
Shino, trying to get the gun away from her hands. His two hands
latched onto her two wrists.

That action was very good for Shino, and in a way it was very bad.
She still couldn’t figure it out right now. But the simple truth was that,
as a result, the man steadied the gun pointing at him.
Right now, Shino had more than enough information on the gun
used in the robbery incident—«that gun».
In 1933, 90 years ago, the Soviet army officially used the gun
«Tokarev TT33». Then, the Chinese copied it and produced «Type 54
Black Star». That was the gun’s name.

The gun was 30 caliber, that is, it used 7.62mm diameter steel
core bullets. Compared to the mainstream 9mm guns developed later,
its caliber is lower, but it uses a lot of gun powder. For that reason, the
bullet’s initial speed is beyond the speed of sound, so it has the highest
penetration power among all hand guns.
But as the recoil was also large, the Soviet Union in the 1950’s
designed a smaller gun using 9mm bullets. The «Makarov» replaced
the Tokarev as their official gun in history.

This kind of gun was not something an 11 year old child was able
to aim and shoot properly. But when the man strongly held onto her
wrists trying to steal the gun away, at that instant, Shino pulled the
trigger on reflex.

135

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

The violent recoil spread from her hands to her elbow then to her
shoulders, but the majority of it was absorbed by the man’s hands. The
air expanded by heat again.
The man made a hiccup-like sound, released Shino’s hands, and
staggered back a few steps.

In the man’s patterned grey shirt near his belly, a dark red circle
rapidly expanded. “Aa... Ahaaa!!”

While he released a high pitch cry, he pressed his hands to his
abdomen. Maybe a large blood vessel was hit, as from between his
fingers a spray of blood gushed out.

But the man did not fall. Black Star used a small caliber Full Metal
Jacket bullet, so while it could easily pass through the human body, its
stopping power is low.

With a strange sound, the man moved his blood covered hands
toward Shino, again trying to catch her. The blood spraying out of his
wound fell onto Shino’s hands.
With her shaking hands, as if convulsing, she pulled the trigger
again.

This time the pistol made a huge jump, pain shooting through her
elbows and shoulders. Her body was thrown backward, her back hit
the counter, knocking her breath out. She didn’t really hear the
gunshot noise this time.
The second bullet hit below the man’s right collarbone, once
again going through him and hitting the wall at his back. The man
staggered, then foot slipped on his own blood, and he collapsed onto
the linoleum floor on his back.

136

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

“Gaaaaa!!”

But that still didn’t stop the man. He roared in anger and put both
hands on the floor to try to stand up again.
Shino was panic-stricken. She thought, this time, if she doesn’t
«stop» the man for sure, she and her mother will absolutely be killed.

She ignored the sharp pain in her hands and shoulders, and
walked two steps forward. She pointed the gun at the center of the man
who had risen about 20cm from the ground.
The third shot dislocated her right shoulder. This time she didn’t
support her body and was blown away by the recoil, and fell head over
heels to the floor. Even so, the pistol did not leave her hands.
Just as before, the bullet fired violently from the pistol greatly
deviated from her target by about 10cm upward—

It hit almost the exact center of the man’s face. With a thud, the
man’s head hit the floor. He no longer moved or yelled.

Shino desperately held her body up to confirm that the man had
stopped moving.
—Protected.

Before anything, she thought. She protected her mother.

Shino moved her head, to look at her mother who was still on the
floor a few meters away. And, the mother she loved more than anyone
else in the world...

Was looking directly at Shino. Fear and panic clearly showing in
her eyes.

137

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino looked down at her hands. Her hands still holding the pistol
were covered with dark red liquid droplets.

Shino opened her mouth, and finally started issuing a shrill
scream.
“Aaaa...!!”

As a thin cry tore out from the depths of her throat, Shino
continued to stare at the Procyon SL clenched in both of her hands. She
could see the blood dripping from the back her hands to her fingers. No
matter how many times she blinked, it didn’t disappear. Drip, drip. The
sticky drops fell to her feet.
Suddenly, liquid started to overflow from both of her eyes. With a
soft distortion, her sight was completely covered by the black radiance
of the model gun.
In the depths of the darkness, she could see that man’s face.

The third wave of bullets flew toward his face. The wounds were
surprisingly small where the bullet shells hit, looking somewhat like
moles. However, immediately afterward, a red mist drifted out from
the back of his head. All expression and life bled out from his face.

But, abruptly, the left eye alone moved and the pupil, looking like
a bottomless pit, gazed at Shino.
It looked straight into Shino’s eyes.
“... Ah ... ah ... ... ... ...”

Suddenly, her tongue stuck to the back of her throat and she
couldn’t breathe. At the same time, she felt her stomach violently
constricting.
138

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Shino clenched her teeth, mustered all of her willpower and
threw the Procyon to the floor. Immediately, with teetering steps, she
ran to the kitchen and turned the doorknob of the bathroom with her
right hand, cold and wet with sweat.

At the same time that Shino lifted the toilet lid, hot liquid gushed
out from the bottom of her stomach. Until everything in her stomach
was discharged, she vomited, again and again, causing her body to
twist and spasm.

When the contractions of her stomach had finally settled down,
Shino was exhausted.

Her left hand extended to flush the toilet. With a bit of difficulty,
Shino rose and, after taking off her glasses, she washed both of her
hands and face over and over again with sharp, cold water from the
washbasin.

Lastly, she rinsed her mouth, took a clean towel from the shelf
and, while wiping her face, left the bathroom. She could not think
clearly.
On unsteady legs, Shino returned to her room.

Averting her gaze from it as much as possible, Shino covered the
model gun that had rolled onto floor. Lifting it up over the cloth, she
immediately threw it to the back of the open drawer. Noisily, Shino
closed the drawer and, exhausted, fell face down onto the bed.

Water droplets from her wet bangs and her flowing tears mixed
together on her cheeks and soaked her futon. Unconsciously, in a small
voice, she mumbled the same thing over and over again.
“Help me... someone... help me... save me... anyone...”

139

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Her memory of the several days right after the robbery incident
were not very clear.

When the adults dressed in the navy blue uniform said, in a tense
tone, to pass over the gun, her finger had stiffened and, no matter how
hard she had tried, would not come loose.
Around her, there were many red lights and yellow tape shaking
in the wind. The white light shining from over there dizzied her eyes.

After she was finally picked up by the patrol car, she noticed the
pain in her right shoulder. When she timidly appealed, the policeman
moved her over to an ambulance—she remembered only bits and
pieces of the rest.

While in a hospital bed, two policewomen repeatedly asked about
the incident. Even though she said many times that she wanted to see
her mother, her request could only be granted afterward.

Shino was discharged after about three days and she returned to
her grandparents’ house, but her mother’s hospitalization lasted over a
month. They could no longer return to the mild ordinary days from
before the incident.

Due to the voluntary restraint of the media, further details about the
incident were avoided in the news. The death of the suspect of the post
office armed robbery was reported to the prosecutor, but a trial was
not held even once. However, it was a small town incident. The details
of what happened inside the post office leaked out—and more than
that, they were blown up and exaggerated and they spread through the
entire town like a prairie fire.

140

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

In the year and a half left of elementary school, Shino was
peppered with every derivative of «murderer». Since entering middle
school, the insults were replaced with complete disregard.

However, for Shino, the state of her surroundings were not much
of a problem. From the beginning, Shino had very little interest in
belonging to a group.
But the scar left in her heart by the incident - no matter how
many years had passed, they didn’t heal and continued to torment
Shino.

Since then, just looking at anything similar to a gun would force
Shino to vividly recall the memory of the incident and experience the
symptoms of a violent shock: hyperventalation, body rigidity, loss of
orientation, vomiting, or, in the worst cases, fainting. While these
attacks were certainly induced by laying eyes on a toy gun held by a
child by the roadside, they could easily be induced even through a TV
screen.

Therefore, Shino became unable to watch most dramas and
movies. There had also been several times where she had attacks while
watching the video teaching materials used in her social science class.
Comparatively, books were safe—old works of literature devoid of
firearms, especially. So, for the majority of middle school, she passed
time in a dim corner of the school library, turning pages of large,
complete works.

She appealed to her grandparents that when she graduated
middle school, she wanted to work somewhere far away, and was met
with strong opposition. Her grandparents wanted her to go to high
school. So, Shino said that if she were to attend high school, at least,
like long ago, she wanted to attend one in the neighborhood of Tokyo

141

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

where she had lived with her father and mother. While she certainly
wanted to go to a place where there were no rumors and curious stares
that always followed her around, more than that, she was confident
that as long as she stayed in this town, the wounds in her heart would
never recover in her lifetime.

Of course, Shino’s symptoms were diagnosed as typical PTSD, and
in four years, she received countless counseling. She obediently took
the prescribed medicine. But the words of the doctors, along with
something strangely resembling a smile on their face, could only go so
far as to touch the surface of Shino’s heart—scratch it—unable to truly
reach the wounded place. In a clean examination room, while listening
to them repeat the words ‘I understand. It was very painful. It was very
hard,’ Shino mumbled the same phrase over and over again in her
mind.
—If that is the case, have you ever killed someone with a gun?

Now, on reflection, she realized that that attitude hindered the
building of trust and shunned any treatment. Nevertheless, even now,
that was her undisguised intention. Was what she did good or evil? A
clear, decisive answer to that was probably the only thing that Shino
wished for. But of course, a doctor who could answer that question
does not exist.

However, no matter how much pain her memory and attacks
caused, she never once thought of killing herself.

She did not regret pointing that gun at that man and pulling the
trigger. When her mother was held at gunpoint, there wasn’t any other
choice for Shino. Even if she returned to the instant of that incident,
without a doubt, she would have done the same thing.
142

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

But if Shino chose the escape of suicide, even that man would turn
in his grave, or so she thought.
That’s why she wanted to become strong. In that situation, there
was only one course of action, though she still desired the strength to
say so. Strength, like on the battlefield, where female soldiers defeated
their enemies mercilessly. It was because of this that she wanted to try
living alone.

When she left the town in which she graduated middle school, the
only ones to whom she bid farewell were her grandfather, her
grandmother, and her mother, who embraced her and stroked her hair.
She would always recognize her as the young child before the incident.
She moved to a place where the air was dirty, the water was hard
to drink, and everything was expensive.

And then, she met Shinkawa Kyouji and the VRMMORPG «Gun
Gale Online».
eyes.

Finally, her breath and pulse settled down, and Shino opened her

Lying face down on her bed, her left cheek on her pillow, in front
of Shino’s gaze was a full length mirror.

In the mirror, with wet hair clinging to her forehead, a girl looked
back. A bit too skinny, with just her eyes appearing large. The nose was
small and the lips thin. All in all, she appeared similar to a
malnourished kitten.

The sniper rifle user of the wilderness, Sinon. Her build and the
hairstyle with short hair tied on both sides of her face resembled Shino,
143

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

but except for that, nothing else. That girl, as it were, was a fierce
wildcat.

Though extremely scared, when she first logged into GGO and was
taken to that battlefield not knowing anything, Shino discovered
something unexpected. It was very different from the real world’s
Japan, as the landscape was too much like another world. And in that
world, if she tried to touch any kind of gun - no, even if she shot down
other players, some of the tension would be remembered to some
degree, but those detestable fits would not occur.

Shino was confident that she had finally found a way to overcome
that memory. In fact, because she tried playing GGO, if she looked at
pictures, the attacks no longer happened to some degree, and she
seemed able to talk to Kyouji about the weapons in GGO.

No, it wasn’t only that. Half a year ago, when she received the
huge yet brutal rifle named «Hecate II», the current Shino was in love.
While other girls her age had pets or stuffed animals to do so, Shino
relaxed while stroking the smooth barrel, and if she leaned her cheek
on the round stock, she felt warm.

Together with this gun, in the virtual wilderness, if she continues
to fight, someday, her wounds will close and her fears will vanish.
Believing that, she blew away innumerable monsters and players with
certain kill bullets.
However.

Really? Is this really all right?

A voice in her heart asked back.

Sinon was already, out of tens of thousands of GGO players,
someone in the top thirty. She freely commanded the anti-materiel rifle

144

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

unlike anyone else at the level of actual combat. She could give anyone
she captured in her scope certain death with her unstoppable bullets. A
warrior with a heart of ice. It was not an exaggeration to say that was
the existence the former Shino hoped to become.
gun.

And yet—the real world’s Shino, as usual, can’t even hold a model
Truly... truly... is this all right?

The eyes of the girl in the mirror were, behind her glasses,
shaking and seemed to be at a loss.

These glasses she began to wear last year did not have any
prescription. They weren’t for eye correction, but were for «protective
equipment». The strong NXT polymer-made lenses, for example, would
not break even if a bullet hit it—or so it was written in the leaflet. She
doesn’t know if it was true or not but, she economized her living
expenses and the manufactured glasses gave Shino a modest sense of
security. Now, when she goes out, if she doesn’t always wear them, she
won’t calm down.
But, in short, she relies on this small accessory.

She closed her eyes tightly and again, a frail question was born in
her chest.
Someone ... tell me ... what should I do ... ?
—No one will save me!!

A cry from her heart called her to reject and erase the weak voice
within her, and Shino rose up. In front of her eyes, on top of a small
table beside her bed, the silver circle on her Amusphere was shining.
It just wasn’t enough. That was the problem.

145

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 4

Twenty-one gunners stronger than Sinon still existed in that
world. Crush those players, send them to hell, and simply dominate the
wilderness as the strongest player of Gun Gale Online, and that would
be when Shino would completely become Sinon and, in the real world,
would be able to gain true strength. «That guy» and «that gun» were,
until now, buried in the many targets that Sinon killed and never again
will that memory rise up.

Shino picked up the air conditioner remote, turned on a weak
heating, took off the jacket of her uniform in one stroke and tossed it
away. She undid the hook of her skirt, pulled it from her legs, collected
everything and tossed it on her floor. Lastly, she took off her light blue
glasses and softly placed them on a corner of her writing table.
She immediately laid on the bed, picked up the AmuSphere, and
put it over her head.

With some fumbling, she turned on the power and as soon as the
electronic sound informed her of being in standby, she opened her
mouth.
“LINK START”

That murmured voice, like a child tired from crying, cracked
helplessly.

146

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

Chapter 5
After the browser opened, it automatically accessed the site with
the start-up URL. Many double-layered windows were displayed.
They were all related to Gun Gale Online, in particular, a
collection of information focused on «Death Gun».

«He» used his right index finger to operate the 3D mouse, making
the current most relevant site active. On the front page with the words
«death gun information summary site», only the words ‘Death Gun’
were red.
Looking at the history first, it seemed the administrator hadn’t
made any new updates tonight. He then moved to the message board.
Some new ones were written since last night’s check, and the status
tree was flashing «NEW» icon here and there. He read them in
sequence.
—Those two, Zekushiido and Tarako haven’t appeared. Has it
been one month? Maybe their accounts were irresponsibly
disconnected? Someone who can contact them in real world, if you
have any information share it PLZ.

—Told you there wasn’t any. It was said no one in their squadron
knows how to contact them real life. Also, whoever discloses personal
information in GGO is a fool.
—Since we know the day and time that Death Gun shot them, if
those two really died, will we know if we can find any VRMMO player
that died around that time?

147

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

—Don’t loop the topic, read the past log. For a person living alone,
no one will notice if they die. We already checked that, asking the
police won’t get any answers. Incidentally, if you ask Zasker with an
English mail, they will send the standard response related to user’s
personal information.

—As I thought it could be that Zeku-tan and Tarako-tan wanted
some excitement for their retirement commemoration. You two, if you
don’t come out and expose the truth soon, the impact will be lost.

—After all, someone has to use his body as a test, I think. In this
case, tomorrow at 2330 I will wear a red rose at my chest and wait in
front of the Gurokken central bank’s front. Death Gun-san please shoot
me.
—Hero debut! But if you don’t expose your real name and
address before you die, it would be meaningless.
—Or rather please use a Net Cafe for a public dive.
—......

«He» clicked his tongue in annoyance. He moved the mouse wheel
to make the next window active. However, no matter which message
board or information site, he could not find the desired article or
written message.

Originally he envisioned, after two people had died, “Is «Death
Gun»‘s power real?” That kind of rumor would spread around the net,
with GGO players wondering in fear if they were the next target, having
people retire from the game—that was what was supposed to happen.
However right now, the foolish net gamers still had not realize
«Death Gun»‘s real terror, and ended it with talk of jokes. The total
number of GGO user accounts had hardly been reduced.

148

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

Also, that the real world death of «Zekushiido» and «Usujio
Tarako» had not been reported was beyond his calculation. It seemed
there was a large number of strange death incidents in the city every
day, and if it wasn’t a clear crime case, it won’t be on the news.

Of course, the hearts of two people «He» shot were definitely
stopped in the real world, and he knew they died. That was «Death
Gun»‘s power.

«He» had a strong temptation to write that information on the
summary site’s message board. However, it would be hard for him to
provide a concrete source for his information, and if he did that then it
would weaken the legend of «Death Gun». «Death Gun» will be the first
and last absolute warrior to descend on that wilderness, suppressing
the management company’s power, a real god of death.
Well, fine.

«He» took a deep breath to calm down.

Soon the third «Bullet of Bullets» will be held. «Death Gun» will
take part in the tournament, again kill two, if possible three people,
that is the plan. Of course he has to pass the preliminary without using
that gun. For that day, if he logs in 20 hours a day to train his stats, it
will certainly be possible.

BoB is subject to a great degree of attention. «MMO Stream» will
broadcast it in real time, and not only GGO but other VRMMO players
will be watching it as well. He will not only reign on that large stage in
name and reality as strongest, but if the people he shot with that gun
disappeared from the net, then there won’t be any foolish people who
would doubt «Death Gun»‘s power.

149

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

If he obtains that degree of attention, he wouldn’t be able to use
his current account anymore, but that doesn’t matter. As long as he has
that gun, a new «Death Gun» can easily descend into the wilderness.

Then continue to kill. In the plan, the sacrifices will rise up to
seven people. At that time there should be players constantly retiring,
then the Gun Gale Online title would have been put on a death sentence.
«Death Gun» would become legend.

It won’t be comparable to that cursed death game «Sword Art
Online» in the number of deaths, that was simply a crazy person
cooking the users’ brains with a microwave oven.

«Death Gun»‘s power isn’t of that low dimension. The bullet
released in the virtual world will stop the heart in the real world. The
only other person who knows the secret is «his» other half. That is why
«Death Gun» is the strongest person. He won’t become a questionable
rumor like the «Black Swordsman» who cleared SAO. The time that he
will become the top player of all VRMMOs will soon come.
Absolute power—legendary devil—the strongest—the
strongest—the strongest—...

«He» noticed that without him knowing, his right hand was
holding the mouse tightly, he relaxed his shoulders while breathing
raggedly.

He was looking forward to that day. If he obtains that legend, then
he has no more use for this stupid world. «He» will forever bid farewell
to those annoying stupid people.

After closing all the open double windows in the browser, «He»
opened a new local HTML file.

150

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

Seven portraits in a column—made from cropping GGO
screenshots, to the right of each is their name, equipment, and other
information. The top picture, «Zekushiido», and the one below it,
«Usujio Tarako», pictures were darkened, with a blood red X mark
through them.
This is «Death Gun»‘s target list, put in another way, this is the
number of «Death Bullets» in that gun’s magazine. All seven were
famous, strong players in GGO.

«He» slowly scrolled down the file, placing the bottom most
picture in the center of the screen. The only female player in the seven.

The screen shot was taken from a right side angle. Her pale blue
short hair was tied on either side of her face as it came down, hiding
half of her cheek lines. It’s a shame her mouth could not be seen with
the deeply wound sand-yellow muffler around it, but her deep blue
eyes that seem like a cat’s eyes shone with enough charm.

The name displayed on the right was «Sinon». Main weapon is the
anti-materiel rifle «Ultima Ratio Hecate II».

«He» had seen her many times in the game directly. When she
was shopping at the Gurokken market street, sitting in a park bench
eating a hot dog from a food stand, and sprinting in the battle field with
that huge rifle on her back—. All of them full of coquettish charm that
stirred his desire to possess her. He had almost never seen her smile,
her eyes were usually filled with sorrow, but that attracted him even
more.
«He» had some hesitation about this girl named Sinon being
«Death Gun»‘s target. If not only in game, her body and heart in real
world as well became his—

151

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 5

But «His» other half, «Death Gun»‘s other arm, probably wished
for her death. Sinon was a cold sniper in GGO, there was almost no one
who didn’t recognize her as famous player known as the goddess of the
underworld. There was no one more suitable than her to be offered as
a flower for «Death Gun»‘s legend.

«He» stretched out his right hand, fingers stroking the photo of
Sinon.

In the touch of the slippy polished screen, «He» really felt the real
girl’s softness and warmth.

152

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Chapter 6
Turning on the LED lights and leaning sideways to turn while on
my bike, I passed through a large gate.

At that moment, feeling the critical gazes of the people walking on
both sides of the avenue, I lowered the speed of my bike in a hurry.
This 125cc, 2-stroke, Thai-made, dilapidated motorcycle obtained
through Agil’s connections was, in this era where electric scooters are
common, emitting noise. When she rode with me, Suguha would
explode with complaints like “Noisy—smelly—uncomfortable to ride.”
Each time, I’d lie by saying that if she could get used to the wind then
she could get used to the noise, but I regretted not choosing a 4-stroke
scooter as well.

Possibly, the place I was rushing to was somewhere like this,
especially if it was within the grounds of the hospital.

With the speed of a donkey pulling a wagon, I slowly continued
along the avenue and saw the parking lot entrance ahead. Relieved, I
rode in and parked at the edge of the motorcycle lot. I took out the real
ignition key even in this era, and while taking off the helmet, I could
faintly smell disinfectant riding on the cold December wind.

It’s Saturday, one week after my meeting with Kikuoka in the
expensive cake shop.

I had left after reading the email saying that the preparations for
my starting area in Gun Gale Online were finished. What kind of place
was I heading to? It was a large municipal hospital in the Chiyoda ward,
153

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

a municipal of central Tokyo. Though I don’t usually enter the heart of
Tokyo, I already knew the way. It was the same hospital I was
previously hospitalized in for my muscle rehabilitation after being
freed from SAO.

Though rehabilitation had only taken a month before I was
discharged, I had continued to commute back and forth along this road
many times for examinations and the like. In the past half year, I hadn’t
visited the hospital, but when I looked up at the white building, which
had become a familiar sight, strong feelings of nostalgia and
forlornness rose to the surface. I lightly shook my head, shook out the
sentiments, and started walking in the direction of the entrance.
The discussion six days ago on Sunday in which I explained my
current situation to Asuna reappeared in my mind. It had been at the
promenade in the Imperial Palace near this hospital.
“...Eeeeeehhhhhhh!? Ki...Kirito-kun, are you quitting ALO...!?”

I saw Asuna’s eyes, wide with disbelief, begin to grow teary, and
shook my head vigorously in a hurry.

“Th... that’s not it, that’s not it at all! It will just be for a few days;
I’ll immediately transfer back! The... the truth is, because there is a
certain reason, I have to check out another VRMMO... “

With this appeal, Asuna finally relaxed her shoulders and, this
time, a dubious look rose to the surface in her eyes.

“Check it out...? If that’s the case, why can’t you make a new
account like usual? Why do you have to convert over?”

154

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“That, that is... it’s that ‘Glasses’ from the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications ...”

Then, with some difficulty, I explained why Kikuoka Seijirou’s
summons comprised half the reason the place of the date was the
Imperial Palace while intentionally omitting one part.

Just as we arrived at the gate, we finished our general
conversation, returned our admission ticket at the window booth, and
when we were near the Hirakawa Gate Bridge that spanned over the
moat, Asuna, with a really complicated face, said.

“Kikuoka-san’s request... then it seems like it can’t be helped. I,
somehow feel unsure if it’s alright to put my faith completely in him or
not... But I am extremely in his debt...”
“No, I have the same feeling.”

At that moment, we both wryly smiled.

But Asuna immediately returned to a serious expression, gripping
my hands tightly and saying.
“...Return as quickly as you can. ‘That’ place is our only home..”

I nodded, lowered my gaze to the surface of the moat and replied.

“Of course. I’ll return to ALO as soon as possible. It’s just research
on what’s going on in the «Gun Gale Online» game.”
—That’s right.

I wasn’t completely honest with Asuna about the true purpose of
Kikuoka’s request. In short, the core of my mission was to contact the
player who might possess a mysterious power, the rumored «Death
Gun». I didn’t tell her, because I believed that if I did say it, she would
undoubtedly stop me, or perhaps propose to dive together.

155

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

It was a selfish excuse, but I had already decided that I have no
intention of letting her anywhere near a virtual reality with the
slightest hint of danger.
Of course, I also believe that, probably 90% of the time, the
«Death Gun» talk was a product of rumors.

That, from a virtual reality, a human in the real world could be
killed.

No matter how many times I thought about it, I could not believe
that such a thing was possible. AmuSphere, no matter how you say it, is
only a machine a bit more technologically advanced than a normal TV.
Technology such as «Virtual Reality» and «Full Dive» tend to seem
magical but, in the end, it was merely a convenient tool, and was by no
means something like a magic item that could detach the soul from a
person’s real body and transport it to a parallel world.

But, the remaining one-tenth of the probability moved my legs to
this place.

Many months ago, I was sorting an accumulation of old electronic
magazines within my PC storage; one magazine was published just
before the operation of SAO. In it I discovered a short interview with
Argus Director Kayaba Akihito. There, while he was alive, he talked
about ‘it’.
—’It’ referred to the «Realized World» called An Incarnating
Radius, abbreviated as Aincrad. Within it, all players would see many
dreams becoming a reality. They would find swords, monsters, and
mysteries, without stopping to realize that amongst those game-like
symbols, a power which forces even the players themselves to change
exists in that world—.

156

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Undoubtedly, I’ve changed. Asuna, as well, has changed. Even Agil,
Klein, Liz, Silica and the others, as in that world, in the two years that
passed, we definitely experienced a change in personality to a degree
that we cannot return to how we once were.
But, what if we assumed Kayaba’s «evolution» did not stop
there... ? Thanks to the VRMMO execution package «The Seed», now,
while at the nook of the limitless growth of the VR Nexus, if we can
assume the framework called reality and virtual reality itself are able
to change, what kind of factors will be born... ?

Making an *uin* sound, the automatic door in front of my eyes
opened and the smell of detergent and warm air surged forward and
interrupted my unending thoughts.
On top of the fact that two GGO players died in the real world, I
cannot affirm that contacting «Death Gun» would pose absolutely no
danger. After I return to ALO, if I am honest about this to Asuna, she
will definitely get mad. But eventually, she will surely understand.

To me—who supposedly cut off the time to monitor Aincrad, the
person named Kirito who released «The Seed» package into the
world—there were no other choices beyond this.

After visiting the bathroom, relying on the printout of Kikuoka’s email,
I finally arrived at the designated room on the third floor of the
hospital ward. There wasn’t a patient’s name on the plate beside the
door. After knocking, I pulled the door open—
“Ossu! Kirigaya-kun, long time no see!”

The one who greeted me was a nurse I was acquainted with. She
took care of me previously during my long rehabilitation.

157

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Under the nurse cap, her long hair was braided into three thick
strands where at the end of that, a small, white ribbon swung. Dressed
in a light pink uniform, her considerably tall stature for a girl cast a
sharp silhouette that most certainly appeared to be a temptation for
the hospitalized patients. On the left side of her chest was a small
nameplate with «Aki» written on it.

The small face expressing a smile was certainly, appropriately
clean and beautiful like a white-robed angel, but, responding as
necessary, knowing she can become scary when she likes, I got out of
my stupor in one second and hurriedly lowered my head.
“Ah... he-hello, sorry for not contacting you.”

At that moment, Nurse Aki suddenly extended both of her hands,
and touched me, from my shoulders to my arms, and tightly grasped
the sides of my stomach.
“Wa...waaa!?”

“O—, you’ve sufficiently put on some meat. But, it isn’t sufficient
yet, have you been eating correctly?”
“I, I’ve been eating, I’ve been eating. But, uh, how should I put it,
why is Aki-san here?”

I looked around the room but in the small, private room, there
weren’t any other people.

“I heard about you while talking with that government official
with glasses. By all means, for the sake of that government official, the
virtual ... network? You’re doing an investigation? Even though it hasn’t
been a year since you came back, it’s difficult, isn’t it? Given that, since I
was in charge during your rehabilitation, I was requested to keep
check of the monitors, and today, I got out of my normal shift. Having

158

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

talked to my superiors, as one would expect from the power of the
state, I certainly felt that. Anyway, again, for a short while, we’ll be
working together, Kirigaya-kun.”
“Ah ... sa-same here.”

Somehow, believing that I am weak to beauties, he came up with
this shrewd plan, Kikuokaaaaa—while cursing the agent who wasn’t
there in my mind, with a smile, I grabbed the hand that Nurse Aki held
out.
“...So, that government guy with glasses didn’t come?”

“Yeah, he said something about a meeting that he couldn’t get out
of. He entrusted me with a message for you.”
I opened up the manila envelope that was handed over and took
out the handwritten piece of paper.

‘The report was forwarded by mail to the usual address. It has
been requested for the overhead expenses to be paid completely with
remuneration after the mission is completed. P.S.: Just because you are
alone with a beautiful nurse in a private room, you shouldn’t let your
youthful impulses run wild.’
At that moment, I crushed the memo completely with the
envelope and threw it into the pocket of my rider jacket. If this was
read by Nurse Aki, her harassment act could really be prosecuted.

Offering a stiff smile at the suspiciously winking female, I said.
“Ah—... Well then, we should immediately connect to the net.”

“Ah, yes yes. Let’s start the preparations.”

159

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

At the side of the bed that I was guided to, bright colored
monitors were lined up and on top of the bed rest, a brand new
AmuSphere was giving off a silver radiance.
“Now then, strip, Kirigaya-kun.”
“What ... What!?”

“The electrodes, to stick them on. In any case, when you were
hospitalized, I saw everything already so you don’t have to turn red—”
“... uh, is only the top okay ... ?

After Nurse Aki thought for a moment, fortunately, she nodded.
Resignedly, I took off my jacket and my long-sleeved shirt and lay
down on the bed. All at once, the electrodes used by the electrocardiogram monitor were stuck to various places on my upper body. In
terms of AmuSpheres, there exist some that also have heart rate
monitors but Kikuoka seemed to have misgivings that the feature
might be taken down by cracking. Looking at that one thing, I
understood that he is, at least somewhat, truly concerned about my
safety.
“Alright, with this, everything is ready.”

When the nurse checking the last monitor nodded deeply,
fumbling, I picked up the AmuSphere, put it on my head, and turned on
the power.
“Uh, well then... I’m off. Probably, I’ll be diving for around four,
five hours so ...”
“Alright. I’ll properly watch over Kirigaya-kun’s body so don’t
worry and take care.”
“I ... I’m in your care.”

160

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I wonder, how things turned out this way ... while I was thinking
about this question, seemingly after everything that had happened, I
closed my eyes.

At the same time, with my ears, the electronic sound informed me
of standby completion.
“Link Start”

After reciting the command, the radiating white light that I had
grown used to seeing blocked my field of vision, my consciousness was
released from my body.

The moment that I landed in the virtual world, I remembered that
faint uncomfortable feeling.

The reason was confirmed after a few seconds. That’s because the
sky had one side dyed with yellow with traces of faint reddish tinges.

I heard that the time inside «Gun Gale Online» was synchronized
with reality. In other words, since it was just one o’ clock, the sky was
supposed to be the same blue that could be seen through the window
earlier in the hospital. Despite this, the sky showed the depressing
color of twilight, there was no discernible reason for this.
Anyway, after imagining one thing after another, I shrugged my
shoulders and ignored it. The desolate earth setting of GGO was
modeled on Earth after the last war. It was probably a production for
the sake of giving an apocalyptic atmosphere.

Once again, I turned my eyes to the majestic appearance of GGO’s
central city «SBC Gurokken» spread out in front of me.

As one would expect, an excellence that only exists in SF VRMMO,
that form differs a lot from the newly established capital city

161

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

«Yggdrasil City» of the world up in the tree, Alfheim and from the
previous Aincrad’s layered levels’ fantastic townscapes.

The buildings with a metallic feel rises as if piercing the heavens,
air corridors connecting them together like the mesh of a net. Neon
colored hologram advertisements were busily streaming in the gaps
between the buildings; approaching the ground, they increased in
number, like a flood of color and sound.

Finally, I looked at the ground and what I was standing on was
not anything like soil or stone, but a path paved with metal plates.

Behind me was what seemed to be a domed building established
as the initial character starting location, and in front of me, a street like
a city’s main street stretched out. To the left and right of the street,
questionable shops were tightly lined up in a spectacle resembling
some side street in Akihabara.

Then, the players coming and going were also only groups that
held an atmosphere that couldn’t go straightforward. Overwhelmingly,
there were a lot of males. Perhaps it was due to my experience with
ALO, which has a relatively high proportion of females, or possibly, that
world’s inhabitants’ delicate fairies. The sight here instead was
overwhelmingly of rough men, strutting while wearing military
camouflage jackets and black body armor, truthfully, it gave a feeling of
oppression and, how should I put it, excess, or if I say it clearly, filth. In
addition, with all of those unfriendly eyes, truthfully, it was hard to talk
to.

The reason to be overwhelmed was also, that the usual players
hung on their shoulders and back; the clunky, black, rustic weapons—
guns.

162

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

It lacked the decorative-like element of swords and spears and
instead, there was only one intention with guns. They are weapons. It
was only for the sake of defeating the enemy that it was of this form
and color.
In other words, I saw something that can also be said of this
world itself and I affirmed it in my mind.

The only purpose to exist in this game is to “fight, kill, and rob.”
ALO’s touted component of “enjoying activities in an illusionary world”
was almost completely stripped away.
Therefore, magnificent and pretty figures were probably a
negative factor. For the sake of intimidating enemies, outward
appearance was an important parameter for the soldiers. Why many of
the males grew out their beards and carved out conspicuous scars on
their faces was perhaps for this reason.
As for how it concerned me, what kind of appearance does my
avatar give off?

I immediately wondered and looked over my own body. For the
sake of my objective to be targeted by the prominent evil “Death Gun”,
I wanted the form of a macho soldier from a Hollywood movie—
... I had an unpleasant premonition.

The skin on both of my hands was glassy white and the fingers
were also surprisingly thin. My body, which was wrapped in a black
military fighting jacket, depending on the circumstances, was more
slender than me in reality. From the feeling of my viewpoint, somehow,
I didn’t exactly think that my height was very tall either.
Corresponding to the dive into Gun Gale Online, as I explained to
Asuna a few days ago, I didn’t generate an initial character from the

163

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

beginning. If I had done that, I would probably never be able to meet
“Death Gun”, who targets strong people.

Using the VRMMO development and support package, “The Seed”,
and making generate—more than that, if I were to go into detail, for
the worlds that operate with the “Cardinal” system, only one mutual
meta-rule existed.

If you use that function, it is possible to maintain those abilities if
the character data that was built up in the game was transferred to a
game administered by another company. It greatly resembled the SIM
cards of cell phone terminals that you can potentially freely replace
with a different carrier’s terminal.

For example, you transferred a character with stats of 100
strength and 80 speed built up in a game labeled A to Game B. After
doing so, a “Relative Preservation” transformation of Game A’s
strength would occur, and in Game B, a character with 40 STR and 30
AGI would be born. To put it simply, a fighter-type warrior with
strength in the upper middle level in ALO would be reincarnated as an
upper middle fighter in GGO.
Of course, this isn’t a function that increases the copies of a
character. The moment it is converted, the character in the original
world is completely eliminated and more so, because the only thing
that could be transferred was the character, items could not all be
brought over, though it is convenient, it was an act that required
courage. This time, when I had to transfer over the character that I
used in ALO “Spriggan Kirito”, to GGO, I forcibly left almost all of my
items in a safe in the new general store that Agil just opened up on the
50th floor on New Aincrad.

164

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Now then, by the convert function, I acquired the strength of
ALO’s Kirito, though, because the character was re-rolled and built up,
it wasn’t the ridiculous status of the Kirito in SAO, but because I
couldn’t bring over my appearance, like items, I couldn’t predict what
kind of form would be randomly generated. Therefore, I might as well
hope for the form of a brawny soldier, but...
While feeling this unrelenting discomfort, I surveyed my
surroundings, and walked up to the mirrored glass that adorned the
dome that I had just left.
Then, my eyes widened in astonishment.
“What the hell is this!”

What was being reflected in the glass was a form that was a
hundred light-years away from my hopes.

The height was obviously shorter than when I was a Spriggan,
and furthermore, it was thinner. The hair color, without changing, was
still black but, the hair flowed smoothly from the top of my head to
around my shoulder-blades. My face was, just like my hands, an almost
transparent white, and my lips were a vivid crimson.

The eye color as well, even though it was black identical to the
hair, it was shining excessively. Those eyes that were fringed with long
eyelashes raised a pure yet bewitching sight from the mirror, so much
so that I unintentionally forgot that the image was of myself and let my
eyes wander freely. Again, I looked at the facade, and let out a long sigh.
Asuna often said that SAO’s Kirito had a considerably feminine
face but, this form was already beyond that level anymore. Just where
the heck would you find a soldier’s strength in this form, and with that,
I stood frozen in place, in a daze. A guy who was eating something a

165

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

166

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

little way away suddenly waved at me and from behind, called out to
me who was reflected in the glass.

“Hey young lady, you have good luck! That avatar, F1300 type!
That type rarely comes out. So how about it, since if it is now, you only
just started, why don’t you sell that account? I’ll give you two mega
credits!”
“..................”

Stopping my thoughts about my current state for the moment, I
looked at the guy’s face but, suddenly, a certain possibility arose and, in
a fluster, using both hands, I touched my chest. But fortunately, there
was just a feeling of flatness so my misgivings were gone. It seemed
that my fear of a sex reversal accident was unfounded.
The recent VR games, for almost all of the titles, forbid changing
the sex of the player and avatar. The reason is because the long-term
use of an avatar of the opposite sex results in adverse effects for the
spirit and body that cannot be ignored. However, I have heard that,
because the identification of the players’ sex occurs due to the players’
brain waves, in extremely rare cases, due to some impulse the system
decides with the opposite sex, players have been startled when they
dive in.

Now that I think about it, changing the sex setting was possible in
the original SAO, but immediately after the start, the system reverted
us to our original sex, I wonder if after all, it was because Kayaba
understood the adverse effects ... and with those sudden out of place
thoughts wandering around in my head, I finally looked at the male
face, and while shrugging my shoulders, I replied.
“Uhh ... I’m sorry but, I’m a guy.”

167

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

That voice too, though slightly lower, was sufficient to be a tone
widely used by girls. Dejectedly, while I was waiting for an answer, the
guy, after becoming speechless for a short while, started to talk on and
on with vigor.

“Then, then, is that M9000 type!? That’s, that’s amazing .. Then I’ll
give you four, no, five megacredits. Sell it to me, by all means, sell it to
me please!!”
Selling it, let alone giving it to you, I wanted to exchange it with
your outward appearance but, unfortunately, that isn’t something that
I can do.
“Um, this isn’t my initial character but a converted one. It can’t
easily be exchanged for money. Sorry.”
“I ... I see ...”

The guy, with a characteristic face of disappointment, observed
me from all sides but before long, pulling himself together, he asked,

“Gossip then, that rare avatar seems to have been used for a long
time in a previous account. As a reference, can you count up your
previous account’s play time for me?”
“What? My, my play time?”

I suddenly thought about it. The account before I converted,
basically, the play time of the swordsman Kirito that went from SAO to
ALO was at least around 2 years... in other words, seven hundred and
30 days multiplied by twenty-four hours.
“Uhh... ten thou ...”

168

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I started to answer truthfully, but I quickly caught myself.
Because it has only been three years since the VRMMO game genre
came out, the only ones who have up to ten thousand hours of dive
experience are the former SAO players.

“Uh, around one year. That’s why, of course it’s a coincidence
right?”
“I see ... well, if you change your mind, please contact me.”

After saying that, he pushed an item resembling a transparent
card on to me and reluctantly departed. These were cards that had the
character name, sex, guild and other things written on them, but then it
disappeared into light particles while I was looking at it, but the data
had probably been added to the address book or something else in the
system window.

With a sidelong glance, I still glared at the me that was
unrelentingly reflected in the evil glass, and I wondered if there was
something that I could do about it, but nothing came to mind.

This conversion log is embedded into my character data so when
I returned to ALO I will be in Kirito’s pointy-haired Spriggan form, but
if I convert to the GGO world once again, I will get assigned to this
avatar which one couldn’t tell apart whether male or female.

‘Looking for good luck inside of misfortune’ is my motto so I, for a
few minutes, thought about this and that and finally, I spun out a “good
thing.”

The reason that I came to this world was solely to contact the
rumored player who was called «Death Gun» and although I didn’t
want to be attacked, it was the only way in deciding the authenticity of

169

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

that power by any means possible. For that reason, as long as I showed
off my strength, I would definitely stand out.

Because GGO, from the nature of the game, probably has a very
small amount of female players, this form that looks like a pretty girl at
first glance will definitely stand out in a way that I didn’t want to. They
would be extremely unlikely to wish for even a fragment of such things
like the intimidating air of a battlefield, but here, there is no choice but
to covet more combat capability.
In relation to advertising strength, for now, there is one way.

With the common gameplay—in other words, with things like
dungeon clearing, and something I don’t want to do, namely player
killing, time is needed for your name to become famous. However,
fortunately, in this game, in just a few days, the event to decide the
strongest player «Bullet of Bullets» will be held. I’ll register for that
event and advance to the finals of the battle royal match. If I cut to the
top, I would certainly be noticed by «Death Gun» or perhaps,
depending on the circumstances, there is the possibility that the
person himself would show up on that stage.

Diving into a game for the first time, I felt uneasy about how I was
going to fight or how much, but anyway, I couldn’t do anything but try
and find out. Fighting against someone who fights with a gun is
probably not the same as fighting an archer or a mage in ALO but,
generally speaking, there are limits with VRMMO’s; there should be a
decently common feature. I can only try as much as I can - if I can’t
reach that power, at that time, it would become the responsibility of
Kikuoka who forced this unreasonable task on me.
Anyhow, first is the tournament entry procedure and then the
equipment purchase.

170

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I looked at my body one last time, sighed, turned in the direction
of the main street, and then started to walk. Immediately afterwards, I
realized that I was unconsciously fingering the hair that was swinging
against my cheek and was assailed by a dark and gloomy mood.
—After a few minutes, all too quickly, I was lost.

The city with the strange name of «SBC Grokken» seems to take
the form of a huge floor with many multilayered structures seemingly
piled on top of one another. In front of me while I was standing still,
there were a series of hierarchical buildings like a smaller scale of the
floating city Aincrad, the colors of the sunset peeping through the
apertures in the distance. The buildings, lined up as if to penetrate the
layers and connected with escalator and elevator like corridors
through the air, shining and sparkling were, truthfully, beautiful but, in
all practicality, were also rather complex like a dungeon.

Of course, I could have brought out a detailed three dimensional
map from the main menu but, with my current position, in actuality, it
couldn’t compare to the scene spread out right before my eyes.

If this was a standalone RPG, I would recklessly walk around in
desperation, and even have to walk back to the starting point, but
fortunately, this is an MMO. At times like these, there is a measure that
one could take.

I found the tag of a person coming and going in front of my eyes
that were not of an NPC but a player, and trotting over, called out from
the rear.
“Excuse me. I seem to be a little lost...”

And then, immediately thought that I had messed up.
171

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

It was because, however I looked, the person turning around was
a girl.

The thin pale blue swaying hair was casually short but there was
a tuft of hair tied up on both sides of her forehead. Under her distinct
eyebrows, large indigo colored eyes that gave off a feline ambiance
were shining, and a small nose with a color that continued to her thin
lips.

Unwillingly, I had a thought that by some possibility, this person
was the same as me and was a boy with a girl-like avatar and ran my
eyes over her body with lightning speed but, under the sand-colored
scarf, through the open zipper of the jacket, the shirt visually expanded
out. Furthermore, she had a considerably small stature. Why I didn’t
realize that was because my line of sight had also been considerably
lowered.
In VRMMO’s, situations when a male player who calls out “I’ve
lost my way” to a female player, up to 70%, were entirely to flirt.

—However, unexpectedly, that kind of facial expression
immediately disappeared.
“... Did you just start this game? Where are you going?”

The mouth that talked in a clear and pretty voice even had a faint
smile appearing. Puzzling it over in my mind as to why that could be, I
finally hit upon the reason. This girl was making the same
misunderstanding as the avatar buyer who had talked to me earlier.
That I was a girl like her. How the hell did this happen.
“Ah...um...”

On reflex, I thought to clear up my gender but right on the verge
of doing so, I stopped.

172

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

There is a certain reason to this, as the circumstances of this
situation seem to be good. After this, at another time, if a male player
were to call out to me and misunderstand that I am female, it can
become a little bit of a difficult situation. ‘Use whatever you can use’ is
my second motto so, though it is a bit mean to this girl, it’s best to just
leave this misunderstanding as it is.

“Yes, it is my first time. Where would a cheap weapons shop and
the administrative building be? I want to go to those places but...”

After answering with a comparatively, slightly less husky voice,
the girl inclined her head in confusion.
“The administration building? What are you going there for?”

“Well... to register for the battle royal event happening soon...”

The moment she heard that, the girl’s big eyes grew wide and
started blinking with surprise.

“Uh...uhhhh, even though you just started today? Well, there is
nothing about who can or can’t register for the event, but your level is
probably not sufficient...”

“Ah, this isn’t an initial character. It was converted from another
game....”
“Wow, so that’s how it is.”

The girl’s indigo blue eyes momentarily flashed, and this time, her
mouth rose up in a clear smile.

“Is it alright if I ask? Why did you decide to come to this game
that’s full of dust and reeks of oil?”

173

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“That is... uhh, until now, I’ve always been playing just fantasy
games but, I thought once in a while, I should try a cyber-like game...
something like a gun battle seemed interesting.”

Well, this wasn’t exactly a lie. How far the VRMMO sense of
someone like me who specializes in fighting with swords can go in GGO
somewhat interests me.

“I see. That’s why you suddenly want to attend the BoB. You’ve
got guts.”
The girl, after a laugh, nodded.

“Alright, I’ll show you around. It just so happens that I’m also
going to the administration building. Before that is the gun shop right?
Is there a gun that you like?”
“Uh, well...”

Even though she said it, nothing immediately came to mind. After
I couldn’t come up with an answer, she smiled again.
“Well then, let’s go to a market with many different types. This
way.”

Immediately turning around, I frantically chased after the tail of
the scarf worn by the girl who had already started to walk.

We walked through winding paths, walkways, alleys, and
staircases from one to another that I thought were impossible to
remember and after walking a number of minutes, we reached the
main street that the path had opened up onto. Positively, I saw a
dazzling shop that I thought was a major company’s foreign investment
group.
“Over there.”

174

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

She smoothly wove her way through the crowd and approached
the shop.

The large interior of the shop was full of various colored lights
and noises that it was like an amusement park. The NPC clerks were all
beautiful women scantily clad in large silver costumes and lavishing an
innocent business smile, but what was shocking was what they were
all holding and what was adorning every wall. Shining with a black
light, they were all hand guns and machine guns and the like.
“It’s... It’s certainly an interesting store.”

After saying so, the girl next to me also let out a wry smile.

“Truthfully, rather than at the overall shops aimed at beginners,
you can find better bargains at the more specialized shops. But anyway,
if we can find the gun type that you like, then that’s fine too.”

Even if she said so, there were many players wearing flashy
colored clothes loitering around the inside of the shop, who, compared
to the desert color of this girl, gave off the feeling of being beginners.
“Now then, what kind of player are you?”

After being asked, I immediately thought about it. Due to
converting from the other world, the tendency of the character’s
abilities would have been brought over.
“Umm, main focus is strength and then speed... I guess?”

“A strength-agility type huh. Then, probably the type who carries
a heavy assault rifle or a large diameter machine gun for the main arm
and a handgun for a sidearm would be good... but, you just converted
right? Then, money is...”
“Oh... right”

175

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

In a flash, I shook my right hand and brought out my window.
Even if my abilities were transferred by the convert, it couldn’t transfer
over items and money. Therefore, the amount of money shown at the
bottom of the storage column was—
“Um... 1000 credits.”

“... So the initial amount.”

When our gazes met, I was met with a troubled smile.
“Yeah...”

Her expression returning, the girl touched her thin lips with her
fingertip and inclined her head.

“...With that amount of money, you probably can’t buy anything
more than a small ray gun... for a live ammunition gun, a second hand
revolver... what to do... umm, if it’s okay...”

Guessing what she was trying to say, I hurriedly shook my head.
No matter what MMO, a newbie who receives too much help from a
veteran cannot be praised. I didn’t come to this game to have fun but,
even so, as a gamer, there is a line that I cannot cross.

“No, it’s okay. You don’t have to do that. Um... is there somewhere
where I can make some money fast? If I’m not mistaken, I heard that
there was a casino in this game...”
The girl, as expected, showed a smile that was slightly amazed.

“For such places like that, it would be better if you have an excess
amount of money. That said, around here, there are both small and big
ones. If I remember correctly, in this store...”
Pivoting her head, she pointed to the inside of the shop.

176

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“There’s a similar kind of gambling game. Look.”

Looking closer, it was a large walled off area that, in terms of
game machines, was an excessively large substitute.

It was roughly 3 meters wide and 20 meters long. Laid out on
metal tiles, surrounded by a waist high fence, an NPC dressed with a
gunman butt strap was standing the furthest inside. At the front,
instead of a fence, there was a metal closure bar where I could see a
square cashier-like pillar.

Behind the gunman, who would sometimes draw his handgun
from the holster on his hip twirl it around with the end of his finger, on
the brick wall with countless bullet holes etched into it, at the top,
there was a pink neon sign with the word “Untouchable”.
“...This is?”

After I asked, the girl, while shifting her finger, explained it to me.

“It’s a game where you enter the gate in front of you and while
avoiding the gunfire of the NPC inside, you try to see how close you can
approach. The highest score until now is, look over there.”

Where her index finger was extended and pointing to, in the inner
part of the fence on the floor, there was a thin, red, luminescent line. It
slightly exceeded two-thirds of the entire area.
“Wow, how much can you receive?”

“Um, it costs 500 credits to play and you get a 1000 if you break
through ten meters, and 2000 for fifteen meters. And if you can
somehow touch the gunman, you get all of the money that players have
poured in up until now.”
“All, all of it!?”

177

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“Look, the sign indicates that there is a carry over. 1, 10, around
300,000 huh.”
“That ... that’s an incredible amount of money.”

“But it’s impossible.”

The girl immediately replied and shrugged her shoulders.

“That gunman, once you cross the eight meter line, will respond
with cheating quick draws. Even though it’s a revolver, with an
unreasonable high speed reload, it does a 3-round burst fire. By the
time you can see the prediction line, it’s already too late.”
“Prediction line...”

At that time, the girl pulled my sleeve and with a small voice,
whispered.
“Look, there is someone who will increase the sum again.”

Returning my eyes from the gunman to the entrance, a threeperson group of guys were approaching it.

In that group, one person, the guy who was wearing a military
jacket apparently intended for use in cold areas with a gray on white
camouflage, stood in front of the gate while psyching himself up. He
pushed on the top portion of the cashier panel with the palm of his
right hand, and with just that, the fare was paid and exceptionally
lively fanfare resounded. All at once, from here and there, a gallery of
around 10 people gathered.

The NPC gunman shouted a “Let’s knock this bastard’s ass up to
the moon!”—like slang, and brought his right hand to the holster
holding his gun. In front of the cold camouflaged male, a green
hologram indicating a large number {3} materialized, with a sound

178

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

effect accompanying the decrease to 2, 1 and at the same time as it
reached 0, the metal bar at the gate opened.
“Nuuuuuooooooorrrryyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

The cold district guy, while raising a war cry, dashed a few steps
or so I thought, and spread out both legs and did an emergency stop.
He opened his eyes completely, and suddenly, bent his upper body to
the right, raised his left hand and right foot in a strange posture.

‘What kind of dance is that?’, is what I thought and at that
moment, bullets, shining brightly red, passed through the space ten
centimeters to the left of the cold district guy’s head, under the left
armpit, and under the left knee. The NPC gunman had pulled his gun
from his holster and fired three shots in a row. It was a splendid
evasion but it was like the cold district guy seemed to understand the
course that the bullet traveled through.
“...Just now, that was the trajectory...?”

I whispered, turning my head and the girl with the water colored
hair nodded, and replied with the same low voice.
“That’s right. Evasion by means of «Trajectory Perception».”

The cold district guy ferociously dashed again right as the firing
line disappeared and again, halted immediately. This time, he spread
both legs wide and bent his upper body ninety degrees.

Immediately, along with a high-pitched growl, two bullets passed
above his head and one below his crotch. Forward again and then
halting. It was like a game of «Red Light/ Green Light»

179

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

The cold district guy showed quick movements, and all at once, he
had advanced seven meters. At that moment, I thought, ‘another three
meters and he can get back twice the amount he used to play.’
Up until now, the NPC, who has been rapidly firing three shots
steadily in the same interval, unloaded the bullets with a lag between
the first two bullets and the third bullet. The cold district guy avoided
the bullet that flew late with a jump but, with the landing, he destroyed
his balance and one hand approached the ground. When he tried to
stand up in a rush, it was already too late. The gunman’s right hand
flashed and the emitted firing line scattered orange colored sparks on
the guy’s white vest.
A miserable fanfare played. The gunman shouted out abusive
victory words and the pool money display in the background,
accompanied by a small metallic sound, rose by five-hundred credits.
The cold district guy dropped his shoulders, and dejectedly walked out
of the gate.
“...so?”

The girl next to me, while slightly smiling under her scarf,
shrugged her shoulders.

“Because you definitely can’t move in a straight line, you can only
move largely to the left and right and whatever you try, that is the
limit.”

“Hmm...I see. When you can see the perception line, it’s already
too late.”
While I was muttering, I was moving my legs forward and
approaching the gate.
“Wait... wait a sec, you...”

180

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

To the girl with wide eyes trying to stop me, I returned a light
smile and pushed my right hand on the cashier.

I hear a sound like an old style register a lively sound
reverberated.

Perhaps because of the appearance of another fool or perhaps
due to my own appearance, the audience and the three man group
grew astir. The girl with the scarf put both hands on her hips and was
shaking her head slightly with a fed up expression.

At the same time as the gunman’s abusive voice that was different
from earlier, the countdown started right in front of my eyes.
I lowered my waist and took the posture for a full power dash.
The number decreased and the moment the metal bar opened, I kicked
off and jumped onto the floor.

While advancing a few steps, the gunman quickly raised his right
hand and from the tip of the tightly held gun, three red lines extended.
They were pointing at my head, the right side of my chest, and my left
leg.
—The moment I felt this, with all of my strength, I jumped
forward to the right. Immediately after, an orange firing line passed
through to the left of my body. Right away, I kicked off the panel with
my right leg and returned to the center.
Of course, inside a VRMMO game, this was my first time
confronting a gun.

However, in ALO and SAO, there are many monsters that attack
from long range with bows and arrows, venom, and magic. There is one
181

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

way to avoid the trajectory of those attacks and that is to read the
shooting line from the enemy’s eyes. Probably due to the developer
Kayaba Akihiro’s fixation on details, the behavior of the monsters in
VRMMO’s based on the cardinal system were all given the
characteristic of pointing their sight at the targeted point without any
deviation.

The NPC who was pointing his gun at me at this moment was also
probably not exempt from this rule.

I stared at nothing but the gunman’s eyes, not even looking at the
red trajectory perception line or even at the black muzzle. From the
lifeless, twitching movements, I grasped the hint of the trajectory that
the bullet will fly, and at the same time, just barely moving to the left or
the right, and possibly up or down, and avoiding the soundless
indicated perception line itself. In fact, when the bullet passed through,
I was already entering the stance before the next dash.
When I had avoided two sets of three-burst attacks, it seemed
that I had passed the ten meter mark and a short sound effect sounded.
However, that sound nearly didn’t reach me.

The gunman released the cylinder that had become empty after
shooting six bullets and at the same time as he hurled the empty
cartridge behind his back, with his left hand, he fully loaded the gun
with six bullets. The entire series of operations took half a second —
truly a cheating-like quick work — to pull off before again being
pointed towards me.

The next attack was not the clear cut three-shot rapid-fire up
until now. More than half of it due to intuition, I avoided the irregular
rhythm of two, one and then three bullets and moved five meters.
182

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

183

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Again, there was a short fanfare. At the same time was the gunman’s
lightning fast half second reload.

The remaining distance was five meters and I was already in front
of the enemy. It might have been my imagination but I could clearly see
the bearded face distort into a loathsome expression.
Under the ten gallon hat, the black eyes quivered a little and
moved down to the same level as my chest. Deciding that avoiding to
the left or right was impossible, I threw my body down, sliding on the
metal tile. I passed under the six firing lines that were released like a
machine gun and reached two and a half meters remaining.

With this, the enemy had no more bullets again. Even if there was
a half second gap to reload once more, it was enough for a touchdown.

While rising, what I thought was that I saw the gunman’s eyes
broadly grinning. At least, that was what I felt.

On reflex, I changed the intention of my last dash and jumped up
with all of my might.

Without any reload, six laser beams from the revolver passed
through the space where I was standing just before.

While screaming ‘What the hell was that!’ inside my mouth, I spun
a complete rotation and landed in front of the gunman.
Here, I wanted to shout out something cool but, before any
further trump cards is used, like a beam coming from his eyes, I should
decide the match, so I quickly leapt at the leather wearing opponent’s
chest.
After a moment of silence as if the sounds in the shop had
disappeared.

184

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“YOU ACTUALLY....!!!”

Along with that grandiose shout, the gunman collapsed onto the
floor onto his knees holding his head with both hands. At the same
time, there was a storm of disorderly fanfare.

A collapsing sound resounded, and raising my head to it, the brick
wall behind the gunman collapsed as if it exploded from within.
Without losing any time for surprise, a rain of all of the goods roughly
flowed out from inside. It sprang back up at my feet and as a good
sound came from it, it disappeared.
Underneath the neon sign, the digital numbers of the carry-over
sum hectically decreased and before long, it became zero and at the
same time, the money colored waterfall also stopped. A noticeably
noisy sound echoed from inside the shop as the game was reset and
the gunman, too, rose up and started to spin his hand gun around his
fingertip. As usual, he started to yell out provocative slang but after the
cheatingly extreme display of 12 rapid-fire shots earlier, it was
doubtful if anyone who decides to challenge him will appear.
“...fuu”

I let out a breath and escaped the game lane from the exit on the
left side.

At that moment, from the audience of people that had multiplied
at some point, a swirl of commotion sprang forth. Voices saying things
like ‘what was that earlier’, ‘who is that person’ mingled together.

From the edge of the crowd of people, the girl with the water
colored hair, half-jogging, rushed over to me and with both eyes
unintentionally wide open like a cat, stared at me. After a few seconds,
a jumbled and cracked voice flowed out from her lips.

185

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“... You, what kind of reflexes do you have...? That last moment, in
front of my eyes ... you avoided the laser beams from two meters
away ... even though, at that range, there’s already nearly no time lag
between the bullet path prediction line and the actual fire...”
said.

“Uh, ummm ... that’s because ... “

I hesitated for a short moment as to how to answer and in the end,

“That’s because, this bullet avoiding game is a game to predict the
bullet path prediction line isn’t it?”
“Pre...Predict the prediction line!?”

The girl’s cute scream traveled through the air inside the shop. All
of the audience also opened their mouths and fell silent.
.................................

After a few minutes, finally, at the point when the crowd had
broken up into small groups, I was twisting my neck here and there to
see the rifles inside the showcases.
“Umm ... even though the caliber is smaller than the submachine
gun, why is this assault rifle bigger?”

I tried the simple question on the kindhearted girl standing next
to me, but it seemed like she still hadn’t cooled down from the
lingering effects of the shock, and like a cat that saw something it
doesn’t usually see, she was staring at me with eyes mixed with caution
and curiosity.

“... You don’t even know something like that and you have such an
unthinkable evasion skill... you said you converted right? What kind of
game were you in before?”

186

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“Uh, umm... I was always in a fantasy type game... “

“I see... well, whatever. If you’re entering the BoB preliminaries,
there’s an opportunity to show me how you actually fight. Now, what
was it, the reason the assault rifle has a small caliber? That started
from America’s M16, with the high-speed small diameter bullet design
concept based on accuracy and an emphasis on penetrating power...”

At that point, abruptly closing her mouth, the girl frowned as if
she felt bitterness from her own words. But that strange reaction also
disappeared in a moment and right away, a more temperate smile took
its place.
“... That kind of thing doesn’t matter does it. Now, let’s hurry up
and finish your shopping.”
“Ri...Right. Let’s go.”

While I was doubtfully nodding, she turned her sight from me and
started to slowly walk in front of a large showcase.
“Having earned more than 300K, I think you can buy a pretty
good one but... because it comes down to what the person likes and is
committed to in the end, the first thing is to know that.”
“Committed to...?”

I followed after the girl and looked around at all of the gleaming
black guns but, no ‘ping’ would come. That was natural, as in terms of
my knowledge about guns, it ended at ‘for handguns, there are
revolvers and automatics’.
While groaning, before I knew it, we had reached the end of the
display cases that were lined up inside the shop without any gaps.

187

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Since it’s come to this, I’ll leave it up to the girl to decide — is what I
thought when something strange entered my field of vision.
In the corner of a long showcase, something that was clearly
different from a gun, a few metal, tube-like objects were lined up.

They were three centimeters in diameter and around twenty-five
centimeters long. On one side, a metal fixture like a mountaineering
carabiner hung down, on the other side was slightly thicker and in the
center, there was a black hole like some kind of discharge opening.
“Umm... what is this?”

Hearing me, the girl gave a fleeting glance and shrugged as if
there was a kink in her shoulders.
“Ah... that is a ‘Kouken’.”
“Ko-Kouken?”

“Sword of light, written as ‘kouken’. The actual name is «Photon
Sword» but everyone usually calls it ‘Laser Blade’ or ‘Light Saber’ or
‘Beam Sabre’.”
“Sw-Sword!? In this world, there is a sword?”

I rushed up to the showcase. Now that she mentions it, it strongly
resembles the weapon in a old science fiction movie that the knights
who protect the order of the universe wielded.
“There is but, in all practicality, there’s no one who uses it.”
“Wh... Why not?”

“Well, that is because, if you don’t cross over into close-range, you
can’t hit, and to get that close, without a doubt, you’ll become like a
honeycomb...”

188

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

The girl stopped her words there and with her lips slightly open,
stared at me.
Almost grinning, I just smiled and responded.

“In other words, it’s alright as long as I can get close, right?”

“Bu-But, even though your evasion skills are amazing, against a
full auto gun... ah.”

While the girl had not yet finished speaking, with my finger, I
pressed on the one with a metallic black hue coating that I liked. I
selected [BUY] from the choices in the popup menu that appeared and
with great speed, an NPC salesperson rushed over and with a smile,
presented a metallic panel like object. I realized that the green surface
scanner in the middle of the board was the same as the cashier in the
earlier game and pushed on it with my right palm.
The sound effect of the cash register chimed happily, and the
panel showed a black photon sword appearing with a *fuun* sound
effect. I took it, and the shop attendant said ‘thank you for your
patronage~’ and bowed before returning back to its position.

this,
this.”

“...Ahh, I bought it.”

The girl glanced over me from 45 degrees to the right and said
“Of course, everyone has their own personal fighting style.”

“Yeah. If it’s sold, it means that it can definitely be used, even if it’s

I answered as I used my right hand to hold tightly onto the short
cylinder shaped weapon, and then brought it right in front of it. I used
my thumb to press the switch, and with a low *Guun*, a purplish-blue

189

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

energy blade vibrated out as it reached out with a length of about 1
meter, lighting the entire place.
“Oohh.”

I couldn’t help but simply call it. I had already wielded swords of
different sizes up till now, but this is the first time the blade I’m
wielding is made of pure light.

I stared at it for a while, and found that the sword itself didn’t
have any direction as the entire circular section was just like a long and
thin cylinder. I tried to swing in a horizontal manner, and then used the
one-handed sword skill I was familiar with in SAO even without the
system assisting, the ‘Vertical Square’.
*Bu-n*, *buon*, the light saber let out a delightful sound as it
sliced out into the air in complicated trajectories before finally
stopping. Of course, my hand didn’t feel any resistance because of the
weight of the sword.

look.

“Heh—”

The girl clapped a few times beside me and showed a shocked

“You really looked like the real deal there. Is that a skill from a
fantasy world...looks like I can’t underestimate you, huh?”
“No, not really...but this was really light.”

“Of course. This weapon has no other advantages other than
being light. Alright—if you want to use that as your main weapon, it’s
better to have a SMG or a handgun as your sidearms. You have to
restrain your opponent if you want to close in.”
“...I see. That’s true.”

190

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“How much do you have left?”

I called out the window. My 300,000 credits had dropped to
150,000 credits. I said out the amount, and the girl blinked before
shrugging.

“Uhe, so a light saber is so expensive? 150K left...you have to have
money to buy bullets and protective gear. Looks like you can only buy a
handgun.”
“I’ll leave the rest to you then.”

“If you want to take part in BoB, it’s better to have a powerful
weapon...if you want to hold the enemy off, it should be more
important to take accuracy over power...hm...”

The girl coughed dryly as she slowly moved towards a shelf with
a pile of handguns over there. Finally, she pointed at one of them and
said,

“You’ll run out of money like this, but this «FN Five-Seven» should
be good.”
Her slender finger pointed at a small automatic handgun with a
smooth round grip.
“Five...seven?”

“It refers to the caliber. It’s 5.7mm, and a little smaller than the
normal 9mm Parabellum bullet, but the shape is similar to a sniper
bullet, so the accuracy and piercing ability are rather good. It’s a
unique bullet, so it can only be shared with the assault rifle «P90» that
was also made by FN, but I guess it’s alright since you only have this
gun...”
“I-I see...”

191

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

On hearing such an unrestrained explanation from her, I again felt
a slight interest in this girl with light blue hair.

GGO is a game where the gender is fixed, so she should definitely
be a girl in real life, but I really couldn’t tell her race and age. What I
could tell from my gut feeling is that her age should be about the same
as me.

Since we’re playing this MMORPG, it’s natural to be familiar with
the items in the game. It’s like when Asuna and Lyfa were mentioning
the swords and magic in ALO. It wouldn’t end without talking for 50
minutes.

But— for some reason, I feel that the ‘gun’ and those things were
completely different. Also, I heard that most of the guns that appeared
in GGO were weapons that existed in real life. Also, this kind of weapon
would easily make one think about bloodshed and killing. This girl
who’s of the same age as me would actually dive into such a world, and
continue to fight until she becomes a veteran player that understood
all the guns. I’m rather interested in her motivation and driving force
to play this game...
“Oi, are you listening?”
“Ah, ye-yeah.”

I hurriedly interrupted my thoughts and nodded my head.

“I’ll buy this then. Is there any other thing that I should buy?”

I bought the «Five-Seven» pistol she recommended, no, the
handgun, and also bought pre-prepared bullet magazines, a thick
bulletproof jacket, a belt-type «Optical gun shielding Field» and other
small equipment. Once I finished my purchase, the 300,000 credits I
earned in the dodging game went up in smoke.

192

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I felt the weight of the light saber on my right waist and the «Five
Seven» on my left waist as I walked out of the shop, and once I went
outside, I found that the sunset sky was gradually reddening.
“Sorry to delay you for so long. Thank you very much.”

I lowered my head and said my thanks. The girl smiled under the
muffler and shook her head before saying,

“No, I didn’t really have anything to do before the
preliminaries...Ah”

The girl stopped midway through as she spoke, and hurriedly
looked over at the large and thick chronometer on her left hand.

“Damn it. The registration closes at 3. Wah, I might not be able to
make it even if I rush over to the presidential villa...”
“Eh, you’re going to register now too?”
“Un.”

Having been affected by this girl who’s giving a pale look, I looked
over at the digital watch I just bought. The time over there showed—
14.51.
I looked up and frantically asked,

“The-Then, isn’t there any teleport movement skill or something
like that? Like a transport item or spell or some superpower or
something!?”
“I’ll tell you as we run!”

After shouting that, the girl hurriedly turned around and ran over
to the north side of the road. I hurriedly followed that swaying muffler
193

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

and spent a few seconds to catch up to her. She glanced over at me and
said with an anxious voice,
“...There’s only one kind of instant movement in this GGO. That’s
when you revive after you die. The revival area in Gurokken is at the
Presidential villa, but the HP definitely won’t decrease on the streets,
so we can’t use that technique...”

We dashed straight down the street where NPCs and players
were, and the girl continued to explain to me from time to time. Also, I
had to use my entire effort just to catch up to her. I couldn’t get used to
the visual line that’s weaker than ALO, and she was really running very
fast. It’s more of her refined movements than the support of her ability,
and I could tell that she was completely used to movement after she
dived.
The girl again looked at the watch in her hand and pointed at the
street in front before saying,

“...The presidential villa’s over there. It’s at the north end of the
street, so there’s still 3km. it’ll take about 5 minutes to operate the
registration machine, so if we don’t reach within three minutes...!”

I looked over at the main street that was extended out, and found
that there was a large tower that was giving off red light because of the
sunset. It was a straight path, but even if we run at a speed of 1km/min
while dodging people, it would be very tough in the VR world even if
we can’t pant.
If I can’t register in time, it’ll be because I didn’t do my
investigations properly, but if the light blue-haired girl beside me
didn’t help me, she could have done the job easily. Feeling somewhat
guilty, I glanced over at her and saw her gritting her teeth. The side of

194

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

her face was showing desperation, and a slight voice came with the
virtual breathing sound could be heard.
“...Please...Please, got to make it...”

—I suppose that to this girl, the preliminaries of the ‘Bullet of
Bullets’ that’s about to happen shouldn’t be just a game, but something
with a huge meaning behind it. There must be a reason why she had to
take part in this tournament...
After I instinctively realized this, I hurriedly looked around,
hoping to find a way to get to the presidential villa there’s far away
within 3 minutes.
At this moment, an advert billboard appeared in my eyes.

On the wide land on the left, there was parking space that was
expanded after a while. There were 3 mini vehicles that were colored
red, yellow and blue, and deep inside at the upright panel, there were
words «Rent-A-Buggy!» on a Neon Sign. Of course, I immediately knew
what that meant.
“...That’s the one!”

I hurriedly grabbed the left hand of the girl and started to change
direction. The girl let out a ‘eh!?’ in shock, and nearly floated up as I
grabbed her, but we still moved through the pedestrians and rushed
into the carpark with the «Rent-A-Buggy!» sign.
The vehicles that were lined up inside were all buggys, each
having a wheel at the front and 2 wheels at the back. I tossed the girl
into the red buggy that’s parked in front of me and leaped onto the
front seat. I found a fingerprint scanner under the meter panel that
was similar to the one when I was shopping, put my right hand on it,
and the engine immediately started with the sound of a checkout.

195

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Luckily, the front part of the buggy was exactly the same as the
motorbike, and it was fully manual. I gripped hard on the handle and
pushed the throttle valve without saying anything. The ignition switch
inside let out a roar, and the front wheel of the buggy rose up before
shooting onto the lane like a bullet.
“KYAH...!”

I heard a cute cry from the back seat, and two slender arms were
wrapped around my waist.
“Hang on tight!”

Though it might be too late for it, I cried that out, and after a right
turn where the wheels practically scorched the road surface, I threw
the acceleration to the max right as we got on the road. After shifting
gears up several times, the meter finally crossed 100km. I truly felt
glad that I wasn’t riding on an electric scooter but an old bike with
manual gear selection in the real world.
As I continued to dodge the incoming four-wheelers of the future
on the street, I continued to switch gears, and heard the girl shout out
into my right ear,
“W...Why!? This buggy’s really hard to handle. There aren’t even
that many male players who can drive it well...!”
—Sorry, but I’m one of those male players that is the exception.

But in such a situation, of course I couldn’t say the truth, so I
could only vaguely hide it and say,
“No...not really, I played a race-type game before...woah!”

The large bus in front suddenly changed lanes, and I could only
use the rear wheels to glide fully to dodge it. After lowering gears, I

196

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

again accelerated before moving past it. In fact, in the age where the
year 2025 is about to end, it’s logical that not many people had the
experience of riding on an old-fashioned manual bike. In the first place,
the standard for practice at training institutes was electric scooters. I
got my bike because an acquaintance of Agil was willing to hand it over
to me for free, which was why I worked so hard to get that medium
license that allowed manual vehicles. However, a while after collecting
that bike that’s made from Thailand, I noticed that it was meant to save
the owner’s money so that he didn’t have to scrap it. That’s because it’s
said that vehicles with gas engines will not be allowed in a few years...
—As I thought about this, laughter suddenly came from behind,
and I was shocked as a result.
“Ahaha...this is great. So nice!”

I spent a lot of time only to realize that this voice belonged to that
cat-eyed girl. It’s unexpected of a girl who’s somewhat tense and lonely
to let out such laughter.
“Hey, come on...faster!”

After hearing the girl’s voice, I glanced over at the large
presidential villa that was 1km away, and answered ‘OK!’. I lowered my
head and get the gear on the foot lever to the maximum. The engine let
out a *KA-A-A-A-A-A-AN* roar, and the speedometer showed about
200km.
At this speed, it’ll only take about several seconds to cover 1km.

But the cheers this girl made during this short time left a deep
impression in me.

197

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

At the staircase leading to the wide stairs of the presidential villa,
I parked the buggy in a parallel manner and stoped.
I looked at my watch, and there’s still slightly more than 5
minutes till 3.
“We’ll be able to make it! This way!”

The girl who leaped off from the rear step grabbed my right hand
and continued running. The side of her face reverted back to showing a
sharp expression that’s like a sharp blade—no, like a high powered
machine gun. I forced myself not to think which side of her is her real
side and continued climbing the stairs.
After climbing about 20 steps, an abnormally large tower stood in
front of me. It had a long and narrow streamlined-looking plaza on
both sides, and I could see a round disk that looks like an antenna or
radar plate.
“This is the presidential villa, commonly called the bridge. The
place where you started the game from is the «Memorial Hall», and it’s
on the other side.”
The girl pulled my hand as she said so.
“Bridge? Crossing bridge...?”

I asked, and the girl tilted her head slightly and answered,

“Not a crossing bridge, but a ‘navigation bridge’, I suppose?
Gurrokken is the command post of a spaceship, so it had such a name.”
“Spaceship...ahh, so that’s why this city is long.”

“Un. The actual name is «SBC» or «Space Battle Cruiser» for short.
Registration for participation or anything related to the game are held
here.”

198

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

As she explained till here, we just happened to pass by the large
tower, the first level entrance of the bridge.
Inside it was a rather spacious round hall.

The round pillar that was lined up in a cross shape extended up to
the roof, and it looked rather futuristic. On the surrounding wall, there
were large flatscreens that were all around, showing adverts about all
sorts of activities and real life enterprises as they showered down
primary colors. Of course, the brightest of them all was the
promotional video of the «3rd Bullet of Bullets».
But right now, I don’t have the time to enjoy this as the girl pulled
me and continued to move into a corner deep into the right.

There were several long machines beside the wall, and they
looked like ATMs in a convenience store or a multimedia platform.
The girl brought me in front of a machine and quickly said,

“Register here. It’s just like a normal touchscreen. Do you know
how to use it?”
“Haa, I’ll give it a shot.”

“Un, I’ll register over there. If there’s something you don’t
understand, ask me.”

After saying that, the girl moved forward towards the
neighboring machine that was separated by a board.

The main screen showed the words «SBC Gurokken Presidential
Villa», and what was shocking was that all the words inside were all
converted to Japanese. Before diving, I checked through the official
website of GGO in the real world through the internet, and was really
199

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

troubled that the words were all in English. However, it seemed that
the game itself was somewhat localized to some extent.

I used my fingertips to scroll down the menu, and immediately
found the button to register for the third Bullet of Bullets. Of course, I
immediately pressed on it, and the image immediately showed a form
where I had to input my name, occupation and all sorts of particulars.
There’s still 180 seconds left.

Since it’s a game, at least the character’s name would be
automatically entered, and also, what’s my occupation and such...I
continued to grumble as I looked at the form, but I immediately found
the most shocking blank.

It was written ‘In the following blank, please fill in your real
world name and address. Of course, you can take part in this activity by
leaving this space blank or entering a fake address, but you won’t be
able to get the top few prizes.”

This caused my fingers to immediately stop. My main aim was to
reveal myself as much as possible in the tournament and let myself be
«Death Gun»‘s target, the term «prize» caused my soul as a MMO
gamer to hesitate. That’s because the prizes at this moment would be
rare equipment that normally couldn’t be obtained in game.

As my finger was attracted over by the name panel and got ready
to enter the ‘K’ in ‘Kirigaya’ on the hologram keyboard, I finally forced
myself not to do so.

I didn’t come here to play. My priority is to meet with this
mysterious player «Death Gun» and decide whether his ability is real
or fake. If «Death Gun» really had such an ability, it wouldn’t be smart
to reveal my real particulars in the game. I couldn’t deny the possibility
that «Death Gun» was someone inside the operating company, and that

200

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

there’s a possibility that he could read all the log in records of all the
players.
I finally shook off the allure of the rare prize, and the bleeding
heart in me left everything blank before hitting the submit button at
the bottom most part.

The screen changed again, and a paragraph of text showed that I
had already registered successfully and the time for the first round of
the prelims. Unexpectedly, the day was today— 30 minutes later.
“Are you done?”

The girl with aquablue hair suddenly asked from beside me. It
seemed that she had finished her registration successfully. Thus, I
relaxed and nodded my head.
“Un, finally completed. Thank you very much...and...sorry for
making so much trouble for you.”
After hearing me apologize, the girl smiled.

“It’s alright. I was rather happy during the ride on the buggy just
now. Speaking of which, which group are you in?”
“Umm...”

I again looked back at the screen and answered,
“I’m Group F. Group F, number 37.”

“Ah...I see. We registered at the same time, so I’m group F too. I’m
number 12 too...that’s great, even if we meet in the finals,”
“Why do you say that?”

“If we can enter the finals of the preliminaries, we can enter the
battle royale in the finals no matter whether we win or lose. It’s likely

201

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

that both of us can get the right to take part in the battle royale.
However, if we really meet in the finals of the preliminaries...”
Those cat like eyes of hers shone, and then she spoke,
“I won’t hold back.”

“Ahh...I see. If we meet, I’ll definitely do my best.”

I smiled and answered before switching the screen back to the
main screen. Then, I asked a question,

“Speaking of which, it’s a foreign game, but the machines here are
all localized to Japanese already. The official website was in English...”

“Ahh...the operating company «Zasker» is an American company,
but there seemed to be Japanese amongst the people working on the
Japanese Server. But...you should know that whether it’s Japan or
America, GGO is in the grey area when it comes to the law.”
“That’s because of the «Money Trading System».”

After hearing my response, the girl gave a somewhat wry smile as
she nodded her head.
“That’s right. In a certain sense, this is a privately-run casino.
Thus, the official website would only give the most basic information
and not reveal where the operating company is. Also, things like
character management, money conversion to an electronic bank
account and all game related stuff could only be done in the game.”
“All I can say is...this game really overdoes things.”

“That’s why this place could be said to be a completely different
realm from the real world...but because of this, it feels that the me now
and the me in reality are two completely different people...”
202

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I felt that there was a shadow in the girl’s eyes, and I blinked for a
while, feeling puzzled.
“...?”

“It-It’s nothing, sorry. We should be going to our preliminary’s
arena— it’s just under this place. Are you ready.?”
“Ehh.”

I nodded my head, and the girl again held my hand and said ‘over
here’ before moving deep into the first level hall of the presidential
villa. There were a few elevators at the wall, and the girl’s slender
finger pressed the down button beside the elevator door on the most
right.
The door immediately opened, and the girl moved in before
pressing onto the button «B20F». It seemed that there’s a lot of space
to move up and down. My body really felt like it was descending and
decelerating, and the door opened.

Once I saw the darkness outside the door— I immediately lost my
breath.
It was a half-shaped dome that was as wide as the first level hall.
There was very little light inside, only a few arc lights sealed in metal
frames giving off a dim gloom.

The floor or the pillars were either giving off the black polish of
the metal floor or the tea-green color of the wire mesh. The wall of the
large dome had some crude tables, and the roof had lots of large
hologram panels. But right now, the current images only showed
complete darkness. There was only the words in crimson red ‘BoB 3
Preliminary’ and a countdown timer of approximately 28 minutes.
203

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

However, what made me nervous wasn’t these scenes and the
metal-based BGM that bellowed out.

More accurately, I was rather uncomfortable with those black
shadows that were gathered at the tables near the wall or those that
were right beside the metal pillar— the presence they gave off.

We were in a game, but there wasn’t anyone busy shouting about.
They were either whispering to each other or standing around alone. I
could tell that they were participants for the BoB preliminary that was
about to begin, and I knew that they were already thoroughly used to
this virtual world. Those are really veteran VRMMO players.

—No, in terms of the amount of time we dived in, I don’t think
anyone here would have dived in longer than me. I was logged in at all
times during the two years, both two years ago and last year.

However, each player had their own «Play Style». Like for me, I
specialize in P v E, and they were players who were of the complete
opposite from me. They were guys who were passionate about P v P.
from the sharp glances they gave from the helmets that didn’t have any
glow of the heavy headpiece, I know that these people were
desperately trying to get information about this.

I haven’t really fought against players much, ever since ALO
switched over to its current operating company in spring this year.
During that far too long gap, I must have definitely lost touch in P v P,
and how the stare these guys shot over at me felt so overwhelming was
the proof of that.
san.

—These guys, this job is getting more and more difficult, Kikuoka-

204

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Unwittingly muttering this deep inside my heart, my right elbow
was suddenly pushed. After looking aside, I found a girl with light blue
hair giving a surprised look.
“...What’s wrong?”
“No, nothing...”

After I hurriedly answered softly, the girl nodded her head
slightly and whispered back,

“Let’s head to the restroom first. You have to change into the
battle clothes you bought just now anyway.”

And then, she started to move around the players. Her feet were
moving naturally, and I couldn’t feel any tension from her. However,
this wasn’t because the people around us ignored her existence. The
stares this group of guys shot at her were of so much battle intent that
it couldn’t be compared to their looks when they stared at me. A guy
who placed a terrifyingly large machine gun even deliberately cleared
his barrel loudly.
Unexpectedly, this girl had such amazing courage and could
ignore such tremendous pressure. I felt even more shocked as I raced
to catch up to that dirty-yellow muffler.

There weren’t tables deep inside the dome, but rather, several icy
cold metal doors were lined up over there. The girl opened a door with
a green light, led me in, closed the door behind me, and pressed on the
operation panel on the inside of the door. With a clicking sound, the
indicator changed to red.
There was a somewhat narrow changing room inside the door. Of
course, there wasn’t anyone else other than us.

205

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“...Fuu.”

After arriving at the center of the room, the girl breathed out
slightly and then seemed to grumble,
“Really...such a bunch of naive guys...”

“Wha...nai-naive guys? Were you talking about those guys with
tremendous killing intent?”

I recalled the faces of those guys who were frowning in the dome,
and the girl seemed to treat it as a matter of fact as she nodded her
head and said,

“That’s right. Taking out their main weapons to brag 30 minutes
before the tournament is basically asking other people to think of ways
to deal with him.”
“Ah...ahh...I see..”

“You better equip your light saber and the Five-Seven only before
the tournament begins.”

The girl smiled as she said this, and after seeing me nod my head
slightly, she turned around.

Then, she did something that was much scarier than those words
she said just now.

She waved her right hand and called out the main menu, and
immediately clicked on it to remove all the equipment.

The dirty-yellow muffler, the curry colored jacket, the loose cargo
pants and the patternless T-shirt were all gone in a systematic manner.

Right now, the girl was only wearing underwear that covered a
small area and had its fibers showing a little gloss.

206

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

207

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“U...uwaa!?”

I let out a hoarse voice and frantically used my right hand to
cover my face. Then, through the gaps, I saw the girl’s inexplicable look.
“What are you doing? Hurry up and change.”
“O-Okay, errm, that...”

Even when facing the biggest shock ever since I dived into GGO, I
continued to desperately think of countermeasures.

In this situation, there’s not much choices I have. I could find an
excuse to escape from this room, or else I could continue or pretend to
be a girl and put my equipment over my clothing. However, both
methods would be fooling this girl who helped me out a lot.

In this desperate situation, I could only grit my teeth and make
the third option before the girl does the ultimate tragedy of deequipping herself.

I lowered my head at the fastest possible speed and let my name
card materialize from the main menu before handing it over to the girl
with both hands.

“Er, erm...excuse me! I haven’t introduced myself up till now...this
is who, no, what I am!”
“Eh? Wha...What?”

I felt the namecard left my hand with a puzzled voice.

“Kiri...to. Fuun, that’s an interesting name.........wait.........”

I, Kirito, never joined any guilds, no, «squadron» in this world, so
on my namecard, there’s the name—and the gender only.
“Male......erm, eh......!? But, you’re, well.........”

208

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

The dumbfounded voice came over, and at the top of my sight,
with my head lowered straight down, I could see a cute little naked
foot take a step back.
“This can’t be......a-a guy......!? With such an avatar.........!?”
And then, there was silence.

I couldn’t stand the tense atmosphere that surrounded this
changing room and got ready to lift my head.

At this moment, a white object quickly flew over, and after
exploding at the left side of my face, there was a purple flash effect.

I continued to spin around like a top due to the impact, realizing
that it was the palm of the girl after collapsing onto the floor with stars.
“Don’t follow me.”

“Bu-But I don’t know what to do next...”

“Don’t follow me.”

“Bu-But I don’t know anyone else...”
“Don’t follow me.”

As we kept the volume of our conversation down, I continued to
desperately chase after the aqua-blue haired girl in front of me.

Right now, she was wearing a desert colored military jacket,
bulletproof armor that’s of the same color and combat boots. The only
thing that was the same as her street attire was that muffler on her
neck. Just like the advice she told me, she didn’t materialize her
weapon.
209

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

My dress up was somewhat similar to hers, but mine was black
clothing that was more suited for night camouflage. This time, I wanted
to give up on my preference and choose a more vibrant color, but the
battle venue was decided randomly, and the girl noted that my budget
wouldn’t allow me to buy colored clothing for all terrain, so I ended up
choosing the color I liked the most.
And the person who gave me that suggestion just 1 meter away
from me as she continued to walk on without looking back.

Of course, I could understand why she was so angry, but I didn’t
lie to say ‘I’m a girl’ or speak in a female’s tone. It’s my fault for taking
advantage of her error, but if she actually told me when we were about
to change, I would have responded to her...
I couldn’t help but start to grumble in my heart as I somewhat
deliberately tailed her from behind. However, the girl suddenly
stopped. At this point, we had already went around half the dome.
The girl turned around to look at me, who also stopped.

Her blue eyes were glaring at me. The icy expression was more
like a leopard than a cat now. I thought that she would roar and shrink
back as her small lips breathed hard, but she merely sighed quickly.
She sat down hard on a box seat at the side and then turned her
face to another direction. I timidly sat opposite her.

I lifted my head and looked over at the full panel hologram
screens, and found that there was less than 10 minutes till the start of
the preliminaries. I didn’t know what to do afterwards, whether I had
to move somewhere once the preliminaries start or that I still need to
go through some steps. I didn’t even know where to get this
information.

210

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I could only timidly back my body away as it continued to fidget
uneasily. At this moment, the girl glanced at me and sighed hard.
“...I will explain the basics at least. We’re enemies after that.”

After hearing her say that with a deep voice, I couldn’t help but
smile.
“Tha-Thank you.”

“Don’t be mistaken. I haven’t forgiven you. Once the countdown at
the top ends— all the participants here in this building will be
automatically transferred to the first round arena where there’s only
you and your opponent.”
“Fu, I see.”

“The field is a 1km square space. The landscape, climate and time
are all randomly generated. At the beginning, both players will be at
least 500 meters away from each other, and the winner in that battle
will be transferred over to the waiting area while the loser will be
transferred to the hall in the first floor. The loser won’t lose his
weapons or drop things randomly, and if you win, you’ll be
immediately transferred to start the second round if the next round
opponent’s match was over. If the opponent’s still battling, you have to
wait until the battle ends. Group F has 64 people, so if you win 5
matches, you can enter the final round and also get the right to enter
the finals of this tournament. That’s all for my explanation— I won’t
answer any more questions.”

She sounded cold, but after her detailed explanation, I more or
less understood what’s with the preliminaries. I again thanked the girl.
“I think I got the gist of it. Thanks.”

211

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

And then, she again glanced at me before she immediately looked
away. The girl then opened her mouth and said softly,

“—You must make it to the finals. Since I taught you so much, I
hope to teach you one last thing.”
“Last thing?”

“I’ll make you taste the bullet that will cause your loss.”

After hearing such words, I couldn’t help but smile. This wasn’t a
sarcastic smile or a forced one, but one that was from deep within me. I
really like people with her personality.
“...I’m looking forward to that moment. But are you certain that
you can make it to the finals?”
The girl snorted coldly and breathed,

“If I lose in the preliminaries, I’ll quit for good. This time, I must
definitely—”
If felt like she was staring at all the opponents as she let out a
glass-colored shine.
“—Must kill off all the strong opponents.”

These words were said under silent circumstances, but the slight
soundwaves entered my ears. The girl’s lips smirked as she showed a
beast like smile. My back started to have chills that I never had for a
long time.
It’s no wonder that this girl wouldn’t notice the pressure the
other guys gave.

212

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

That’s because she was a lot stronger than those guys. No matter
whether it’s the skill as a VRMMO player— or the mental strength
that’s supporting her.
The girl glanced over at me who held my breath and remained
silent. The smile on her face disappeared. She seemed to be thinking
about something as she stopped her gaze. Then, she used her right
hand to summon the menu window. After some simple operations, a
small card appeared in her fingertips.

The girl then let the card slide across the table, which I caught.
She said,
“This should be the last time we’re talking like this, so I better
announce my name. That’s the name of the person who’s going to
defeat you—”

I silently looked over at the card. The word indicated on it was—
«Sinon», and the gender was obviously female.
“Sinon...”

I muttered. The girl moved her aqua-blue hair and nodded
slightly. I again reported my name.
“I’m Kirito. Nice to meet you.”

I subconsciously reached my right hand out from over the table,
but of course, the girl called Sinon ignored my action as she
immediately turned her face away. I could only give a wry smile and
pulled my hand back.

After that, Sinon kept her silence, and didn’t seem like she intend
to continue talking.
213

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I looked at the large screen in the dome and knew that there was
about 5 minutes left. At this moment, I started to hesitate over whether
I should just hug my knees together and wait on the chair or just try
and talk to her again. However, just when I was about to make my
conclusion, I could hear footsteps heading towards Sinon.

I lifted my face and saw that there was a tall and large male player
with long silver hair on his forehead walking straight to this table.

He was wearing a grey patterned streamlined camouflage that
was slightly lighter than charcoal color, and there was a somewhat
large machine gun that was slung over his shoulder—probably not a
submachine gun or an assault rifle, and he had an intelligent looking
face that fit his tall and skinny body. As he didn’t look like he had much
armor on him, it gave me the feeling that he was able to move about
agilely on the battlefield. He looked more like a special ops member
than a thoroughly experienced soldier.
The man didn’t look at me while I was sitting silently in the
corner as he smiled at Sinon. Immediately, what looked like a highly
skilled avatar showed a boyish-like gentleness, which made me blink.
“Yaa, why are you so slow, Sinon? I was worried whether you
were late.”

On hearing that guy’s tone that sounded like he was trying to act
like an acquaintance, I thought that Sinon would definitely give him a
death glare and cringed back. But unexpectedly, the icy presence
around the girl immediately eased, and she even showed a slight smile.

“Hello, Spiegel. There was some accident, so I was delayed. Eh,
but...don’t you intend to show yourself?”

214

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

That man called Spiegel grinned awkwardly as he used his right
hand to touch his hand.

“Well, I don’t know whether you’ll be bothered or not, but I came
to cheer for you, Sinon. Besides, I can see the live telecast on the large
screen.”
It seemed that both of them were either friends or members of
the same guild. Sinon moved her body away, and Spiegel naturally sat
beside her.
“Speaking of which, what’s that accident you mentioned?”

“Ahh...nothing much, just that I brought a certain person here and
such...”

After Spiegel asked, Sinon immediately glanced at me with an icy
expression. I reluctant retracted my shortened neck back to shape, and
the man who only noticed my presence now nodded his head.
“Hello, I’m that certain person...”

“Ah...he-hello. It’s nice to meet you. Well...are you Sinon’s friend?”

He didn’t look like someone that’s to be trifled with, but this man
called Spiegel didn’t seem to match his outwardly fierce look as he was
rather polite. Or rather—is he treating me like a girl now?

I tried to juggle around with my choice of words as I thought of
how to answer this in a more humorous manner, but Sinon
immediately shot out,
“Don’t be fooled. He’s a guy.”
“Eh!?”

215

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I could only use a normal tone to say my name at Spiegel, who
widened his eyes.
“Ah— I’m called Kirito. I’m a guy alright.”
“A-A guy...eh, that means, erm...”

Spiegel gave a rather bothered expression as he looked back and
forth from me to Sinon. It seemed that he couldn’t understand why
Sinon would go out with a male player.
Thinking that this was the case, I felt like teasing them, so I tried
to add fuel to the fire as I said,
“Well, I was really was taken care of well by Sinon, you know.”

At this moment, Sinon immediately shot me a bluish-lightning like
glare at me and said viciously,
“Oi...don’t say that. I never took care of you at all. Speaking of
which, when did I allow you to call me Sinon...”
“Why are you saying that so mercilessly?”

“What about mercy here? You’re just a stranger!”

“Eh— but didn’t you help coordinate my equipment?”
“That...That’s because, you...”

Just when we were talking till here...

The slight BGM inside the dome gradually fade out, and what rang
next was a fanfare of an electric guitar. After that, a sweet synthesized
voice set at a loud volume blared above several hundred people’s
heads.
216

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“Sorry to keep you waiting. We will now begin the preliminaries
of the 3rd Bullet of Bullets tournament. All entered players will be
automatically transferred to the field of the first round once the
countdown reaches zero. At this moment, I shall wish you good luck.”

A deafening applause and cheering rang inside the dome.
*Katatata*, the sound of the machine guns being fired and the high
pitched sound of lasers being fired was let out, and lights of different
colors decorated the roof like fireworks.

Amidst all the ruckus, Sinon stood up and pointed her right index
finger at me.
“You must get to the finals. I’ll blow your head then.”

I then stood up, grinned, and answered,

“If you want to go out on a date with me, I’ll be glad to.”
“You-You ba...”

The 20 second countdown timer was about to reach zero, and I
waved my hand at Sinon before turning around and head to the front
to be transported to the field. At this moment, my eyes met Spiegel,
who had been staring at me all this time.

His sharp eyes showed obvious wariness and hostility. Just when
I felt that I may have gone overboard—

My body was surrounded by a pillar of blue light, and my sights
immediately showed blue light.
Finally, I was transported to a hexagonal panel that’s floating in the
darkness.

217

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

There’s a light red hologram window in front of me, and on top of
it were the large words «Kirito Vs Uemaru». Unlike SAO, which only
allowed for English alphabets, it’s possible to use Japanese in GGO. The
name «Uemaru» was written in kanji, but of course, I had never met
this guy before. Also, at the bottom of the window, there was a line of
words «Preparation Time: 58 seconds left. Field: The Forgotten Old
Monastery».

This minute of preparation should probably be to allow us to
change into equipment that’s suitable for this battle. I had no idea
about my prepared weapons and maps, and I didn’t even use them. I
used my right hand to call out the menu, and in the equipment window
that was similar to ALO, my main weapon was a «Kagemitsu G4» light
saber, and my sidearm was a «Five-Seven». After checking whether I
forgot to equip my defensive equipment, I closed the window.

As I waited for the time to slowly tick down, I suddenly had a
strange thought.

That vicious smile shown for a moment by that girl called Sinon. It
had the killing intent of a bullet, shot from a rifle, that could pierce
through any shield or armor.
It made me remember that voice that resounded in my mind.

To eliminate the strong— this direct declaration sounded rather
childish in a certain sense, but I never had such a chilling feeling, even
including the time when I was in SAO. I felt her petite body let out a
real will that far exceeded the roleplay in the game.

In this virtual world that’s created through electric signals, I have
not seen a player who showed such intense will like her. Amongst the
female players, the only one I know who would go serious was Asuna.
218

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

No— even when she’s called «The Flash» or even «The Berserker»
before that, she had never given me such an impression before.

Is it possible? Is that girl with light blue hair that «Death Gun» I’m
looking for?

Kikuoka once let me hear the voice database of what’s said to be
«Death Gun»‘s, but the screeching cry of metal rubbing against each
other was completely different from Sinon’s clear voice. However, GGO
was just a world that was different from SAO. A player could have
multiple characters, and there were many cases of logging in using
different characters.

And from the sound of the tone, it seemed that Sinon had absolute
confidence that she’s able to make it to the finals. If my guess is that
Death Gun will definitely appear in this tournament is right, I can
narrow them down to about 30 people, and of course, Sinon is one of
them.
To be honest, I really don’t want to test out this possibility. I
didn’t feel any killing intent from her, when she guided me to the shop
and explained all sorts of things to me. Rather, she gave off a somewhat
lonely feeling, like she wanted to get close to others.
Just which is the real Sinon, I wonder.

—No, I won’t get the answer no matter how much I think. When
our swords clash, no, when we both fire our guns, we should be able to
get some clues.

Just when I thought about this and lifted my sights, the
countdown timer reached zero, and my body was again surrounded by
an effect.
219

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

After that, I was abandoned under a dim sunset sky.

The wind that blew beside me seemed to bring about a sharp
whistle like sound. There were many layers of broken clouds floating
above in the air, and below me, the wilted grass were all floating.

Beside me, there were large cylindrical pillars that were either of
the Ionian or Corinth style. They were about 3m apart and lined in an
arc shape. Some of the pillars were wrecked, and some of the pillars
have completely collapsed. It just looked like the ruins of a lost
civilization’s temple.

I leaned my body on the closest pillar, and then quickly looked
around at my surroundings.
The wide wilted grassland all around me was blowing around
hard, and far away in the hills, I could see ruins that were similar to
this place. According to Sinon’s explanation, the field is a square, a
1,000 meters wide, but to get from here to there would take about
several kilometers. There should be some limiting boundary like a
river or a cliff something like that.

I continued to remember her explanation. Right now, the
opponent should be about 500 meters away from where I am now, but
I couldn’t see anyone in my sights. Like me, he should be hiding
somewhere behind the ruins. There’s no indication of the enemy
around, so I have to find the enemy myself.

I can continue to wait here and let the enemy lose his patience
before taking action. However, «waiting» really doesn’t fit my
personality. Instead of waiting here, I might as well run over to the
closest ruin on the other side and use the gunshot of the enemy to
quickly analyze my position...I thought as I used my left hand to feel the
«Five-Seven» on my waist.

220

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

At this moment, a strong gust of wind blew by, and the
surrounding grassland started to sway. As the gust stopped, the wilted
grass again straightened...

And in the grassland about 20 meters away from my eyes, a
profile suddenly stood up silently.

My blurred vision immediately saw the assault rifle the opponent
whipped out, the tea-colored beard that’s resting at the stalk of the gun,
the goggles lens that covered more than half the face and the helmet
that had dummy grass on it. There’s only me and my opponent in the
battlefield, so he’s definitely «Uemaru».

I had no idea when he shortened the distance between us at all.
One of the obvious reasons was the camouflage suit he was wearing.
That clothing looked similar to the surrounding grassland, and had
slight streamlined patterns on it. Just when I thought I see, so that’s the
use of the 60 seconds...

The black assault rifle the enemy was readying on the right
shoulder showed several red lines— «Bullet Line», and the lines were
piercing through me and the space around me.
“UWAH!”

I couldn’t help but cry out as I kicked the ground hard and moved
to the place with the least bullet lines— up into the sky.

The enemy’s rifle then went *katatatataatatata!!* And my right
ankle got hit twice. The HP bar on the upper left corner of my sights
showed a decrease of about 10%. Of course, I couldn’t dodge all the
bullets. At this moment, I remembered the «Full-Auto Shooting» Sinon
warned me about.

221

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I did a somersault in the air and landed on the half-broken pillar
behind me. I tried to counter and drew the Five-Seven handgun from
my belt with my left hand.
However, the enemy wouldn’t give me time to aim at all.
Immediately afterwards, numerous bullet lines appeared on my body
again.
“WAAHHH!!”

I let out an embarrassing scream as I rolled behind the pillar.
Another bullet grazed my left wrist, and my HP dropped mercilessly.

The rain of bullets that descended on me seemed to hit the pillar,
causing a *Bishibishibishi* sound and creating several fragments to fly
out. I hurriedly cuddled my limbs together and hid my entire body
behind the pillar.
—This is definitely different from a battle between swords!

In that dodging game against the NPC gunman, there was a time
lapse and at most 6 bullets, but I already had to concentrate fully just
to dodge those attacks. Now, when facing such—rapid fire of more
than 10 bullets in a second, of course I’m at my wits end.

To slash Uemaru’s bearded face with the light saber «Kagemitsu»
on my right waist, I have to get right in front of him. But before that, I’ll
have bullets blown through me and my HP would be depleted already.
If I can’t dodge them all, I can only think of a way to «defend»
against the bullets. Unfortunately, even if there’s a «protective field» in
this world that can weaken the power of bullets, there isn’t any magic
shield that or something that can protect against actual bullets. In SAO,
there’s the «Weapon Defense Skill» that can allow a sword to replace a
shield....

222

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

At this moment, I suddenly put my hand on the light saber that’s
held on the carabiner under my belt. I just need to deflect a few bullets
if I can defend with this saber. This shouldn’t be impossible. Didn’t
someone in a SF movie use a light saber to easily deflect bullets? If this
game is developed by an American company, they would be able to
recreate this scene. But to do that really tough skill, I have to first
predict the trajectories the bullets are fired at me...
No—

No, I can do this. I should be able to do this. Aren’t the «Bullet
Lines» telling me where the bullets are flying?

I swallowed my saliva and used my right hand to pull the light
saber from my belt.

Right now, the gunfire stopped. I suppose Uemaru is again hidden
amongst the grass and is ready to come over from the left or the right.
I closed my eyes and concentrated with my ears.

The wind continued to blow. At this moment, I tried my best to
eliminate the noisy sound effects from my consciousness and
concentrated on the rustling of the swaying grassland to hear for some
irregular sound in this system.

This was a skill that could only be done in a VR space where I can
isolate each sound completely. From the time of SAO, this «Outsidesystem Skill» helped me out a lot. For example, an S level ingredient
«Ragout Rabbit» would require this skill to deal a fatal blow.
But as for whether I’m able to succeed or not—

223

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

And this moment, my ears caught an irregular sound coming from
the rear left side from 7 o’clock to 9 o’ clock. He moved for about 2, 3
seconds before stopping and started to probe my position.

The enemy then started to move, stop and got ready to move
again...
“L...LET’S GO!”

I used my cry to step hard onto the ground and run straight
where the enemy was hiding.

Uemaru probably didn’t expect me to rush over at him while he
was hiding in the bushes. As he stood up from the wilted grass, it took
him about half a second to get down on one knee and get into his
shooting position.

We were originally about 25m apart, but at this moment, I ran
past half the distance. I continued to run as I used my right thumb to
slide the photon sword’s switch. *Bu~n*. The sound that made me
relax could be heard, and a blueish-purple glowing blade came out
from the sword handle.

For the third time, the numerous «Bullet Lines» that came from
Uemaru’s rifle appeared on my body.

Up till now, I had been instinctively looked for places where I
could hide. But this time, I only let my eyes look right in front of my
body and endured the fear that came from the back of my neck and
irritated my senses. After trying my best to observe the enemy, I found
that not all the thin red lines appeared at the same time. There’s a little
time difference between them, and the difference should be the order
where the bullets would come out from the rifle gunhole.
224

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

I controlled the body that was a lot more petite than in real life
and rushed forward. At this moment, there were 6 Bullet Lines that
were aimed on my body.

The other Bullet Lines on the left and right were all slightly off
course. With the current distance, the enemy’s rifle—and the shooter’s
accuracy himself wasn’t much.

The long forgotten thrill of P v P seemed to have caused my
character to shift into battle mode. As the remaining margin in my
sights showed an outward extension from the center, the target’s body
was extremely obvious. It’s this accelerating feeling that made me feel
memorable. During this time was I started to slow down, my
consciousness was the only thing racing.
The enemy’s rifle’s muzzle suddenly let out an orange spark.

During this time, the blade of the light saber blocked the lines of
the first and second bullets with pinpoint accuracy.

*BA-BAM!!* The surface of the light saber let out two bright
orange sparks. The moment I noticed this, my right arm immediately
pointed the photon sword onto the third and fourth bullet lines at a
lightning quick speed. Then, the sound of the bullets being deflected off
the intense energy could be heard again.

I continued to move forward while ignoring the bullets that
«wouldn’t hit me at all». Actually, it was really a mentally draining
thing, but I grit my teeth and continued to swing the sword in my hand.

5...and that’s the 6th one! After deflecting all the bullets that could
have hit me successfully, I kicked the ground hard with all I’ve got to
cover the remaining distance between us.
“No...No way!”

225

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

226

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Uemaru’s thoroughly bearded jaw dropped as he widened his
mouth and cried out in shock. However, this guy didn’t stop at all. He
ejected the magazine skillfully and drew out the prepared magazine on
his waist and got ready to load it into the rifle.
To prevent him from doing this, I gripped the Five-Seven in my
left hand and pointed it at Uemaru. The moment my fingers touched
the trigger, a light green circle appeared at the center of the enemy’s
chest. This shocked me, but I just continued to shoot 5 bullets.

The unexpectedly light recoil went from the wrist to the shoulder,
and inside the half-transparent circle, Uemaru was hit once in the
shoulder and the abdomen as the remaining three shots disappeared
behind him in the bushes. However, the bullets that hit him went
through his armor and caused damage to him. The screen showed his
HP gauge drop by about 10%. Uemaru staggered and immediately
hesitated.
To me, this was enough time.

As I entered the attack range, I slightly twisted my body to the
right—

Just when I stepped out at a speed as if I wanted to break through
the virtual ground, I lunged forward without wasting any of the speed
at all. In the world of SAO, it’s called a «Vorpal Strike» a critical hit as it
lunged into the enemy’s chest.

The jet engine-like buzzing rang as the blade of light pierced
through the enemy’s body easily. It felt that the burst of energy that
couldn’t be vented anywhere else imploded inside the enemy.

227

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Then, with an exaggerated light and sound, the cylinder-shaped
thing in my right hand shot out, and the enemy’s body became
numerous fragments as it scattered in the air.
I felt the numbing feeling of the fight that just finished as I slowly
supported my body.

*Wu~wun*. I swung about the lightsaber and nearly sheathed the
sword on my back immediately, but I hurriedly turned it off.
After hanging the sword on the carabiner on the right side of my
waist and the handgun in my left hand into the holster, I finally let out
a long sigh. I looked up at the sunset sky, and found that the lowhanging clouds looked like a screen showing the words
‘Congratulations’.

I won the first round with great difficulty. It was really good news
that I could use such a lightsaber to defend against rifle bullets.
However, I needed a lot of concentration to wield it, and my nerves
were already starting to char and smoke.
I still have to go through another 4 tiring rounds—

A blue light came over my dejected body and started surrounding
me. The silent sound of the wind gradually disappeared. Once the
sounds became the buzzing of many humans, I found myself back at
the waiting area.

It looked like I was transferred to the box seats near the wall like
how I was before. I looked at both left and right side, but didn’t notice
Sinon or Spiegel around. If Sinon is still battling, what I’m wondering is
what the man who was related to Sinon in some way went to. I set my
sights onto the entire space, and found that there was a familiar figure

228

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

near the center of the dome, dressed in street clothes. He didn’t notice
that I came back as he merely focused on the large screen on the ceiling.
I lifted my head up just like he did, and found that the large screen
that was only showing the countdown timer was now showing several
battles. The screen showed players in deserts, forests or ruins that
using handguns, machine guns or rifles to fight in different angles like
those scenes in movies.

These should be some of the hundreds of battles that were going
on and were chosen to be telecasted. Once the scene of a player being
hit and blown to bits was shown, countless players who were gathered
inside the dome would let out a deafening cheer.

I thought about whether Sinon’s match would be telecasted as I
took a few steps forward. I checked every single image from the top
right corner, but as the cameras continued to move, I really couldn’t
tell. I concentrated and tried to look for her aqua-blue hair.

—As I was too concentrated, I was too shocked that my heart
nearly stopped when my right ear suddenly heard a voice. That deep,
hoarse and somewhat metallic voice seemed to enter my mind.
“Are you, the real one?”
“...?”

I instinctively took a step back and looked back.
Immediately, I thought that I saw a ghost.

Of course, I wasn’t referring to a real ghost, but a «Ghost-type»
monster mob that appeared in the 65th level of Aincrad at night in the
Ancient Fore.
229

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

The person in front of me wore a tattered dark grey mantle. The
hood that was kept low was completely black, and only the eyes that
were deep inside showed a little red light.

Under the light of the dark waiting dome, the stranger in front of
me really looked like a ghost-type monster in SAO. Thus, I instinctively
wanted to back away and draw my light saber to battle. I couldn’t even
control this instinct at all as my right hand jerked.
I panted as I looked at the feet of that guy. At the end of the
tattered mantle, I could see the tip of the somewhat dirty boots.

He wasn’t a ghost, but a player. After checking this obvious fact, I
released my slightly held breath.

Looking closely, those red eyes weren’t some ghost lights, but the
shine on the lens of a pair of black goggles that covered the entire face.
This somewhat rookie-like response from me and the way that guy just
approached me at such a close place in such a rude manner, so I asked
coldly,
“Real...what do you mean by that? Who are you?”

However, the player who was dressed in the dark-grey mantle
didn’t mention his name as he deliberately took a step closer to me
even after I took a step back. This time, I didn’t take a step back, but
took his stare head on at about 20cm away from him.

That voice that seemed to have some form of sound effect within
it and had some reverb overtones ringing in an interrupted manner,
“I saw it, the match. A sword, you used it.”

“Ah...ahhh. That’s not against the rules, right?”
230

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

231

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

The damned AmuSphere really showed the wavering in my heart
as my answer sounded somewhat hoarse. The dark-grey mantle guy
seemed to have read my heart as he advanced a few more centimeters.
Then, he said another thing with an even deeper voice. As the
voice was rather soft, at this distance, I had to concentrate just to hear
it.
“Let me ask, you again. Are you, the real, one?”

Before I could understand the meaning behind these words, my
heart felt like it got hit by a thunderous-like premonition, and I could
only remain rooted there.
—I know this guy!

That’s right. I definitely met him somewhere. I did once talk to
him straight on like I am doing now.

But where? After logging into GGO, I had only talked to the guy
who was at where I appeared who wanted to buy my avatar, Sinon
who brought me to buy the items and register, and her friend, three of
them altogether. Thus, I couldn’t say that I met him in this world before.

Was it in ALO? Did I meet this guy with a different avatar in
Alfheim? I frantically searched the database of my mind to see if his
verbal mannerisms and presence resembled someone. However, I
really couldn’t think of another. I don’t remember someone like him
who would stand in front of me and raise goosebumps in me with the
cold air around him.
Where...where exactly did I meet this guy...

At this moment, the tattered mantle swayed, and a slender arm
came out from inside. I got ready to back away, but after looking at it, I

232

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

found that aside from a glove that was as tattered as his mantle, there
was nothing else.

That hand in the air was pointed at me, and opened a window
before moving it in a lackluster manner. Right now, the matchup
schedule that was going on in this third BoB preliminaries appeared on
the window.

That thin metal-like finger pressed on Group F, and in the end, the
image of Group F expanded to show the entire screen. He pressed it
once, and the center part of the matchup schedule became wider.
My eyes were attracted by his finger.
There were 2 names on it.

On the left side was «Uemaru», and on the right side was «Kirito».
On the name on the right, there was a light-glowing line extending out
from it. The news that I beat Uemaru and entered the second round
was already reported.

His finger moved slightly, touched the word «Kirito» up and down,
and then, it rang again—his voice.
“This, name. That, sword skill...are, you real?”

Immediately, I was shocked for the third time, and this was the
strongest impact.

My knees started to tremble, and I had to work hard not to let
myself collapse.
This grey-colored mantle player—I know him!

The origin of the name «Kirito», and the sword skill I used to beat
«Uemaru». This guy knows about them.
233

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

In other words...I didn’t meet this guy in GGO or ALO.

But in SAO, «Sword Art Online». I once met this guy in the main
stage of that death game, the floating city Aincrad.

This avatar hidden under the tattered mantle...no, the player
who’s wearing the AmuSphere and playing this avatar was an «SAO
survivor» like me.

My heart was already pounding like crazy unknowingly. If it
wasn’t for the fact that we’re inside the dark dome, he would have
found out that my avatar’s face was all white already.

Calm down. Calm down!! At this moment, my mind could only
continue to repeat such words.

Even when meeting an SAO survivor, I have no need to be
panicking so much. When Aincrad was about to collapse, I became
famous because of the report of my unique skill ‘Dual Blades» and how
I openly took on the leader of the Knights of the Blood, Heathcliff. Also,
the «Vorpal Strike» I just used on Uemaru was a rather common skill
under the one-handed sword category. Those high-levelled players in
Aincrad can guess from the footage of the match and the player’s name
in the matchup schedule that I’m Kirito of the SAO clearing group. If it
was me, if I find a player who I may know of at first, I might talk to him
and chit-chat about the past or something.
So I had no need to be scared at all. I shouldn’t be scared.
But why am I so...

The next moment—the thin and long arm removed the matchup
schedule and kept his arm back into his mantle, and a part attracted
my attention.
234

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

There was a thin gap at the front side of the glove that looked like
a tattered bandage, probably a little higher from the inside of the wrist.
From there, I could see his pale skin.
And on the kin, there was a squared tattoo about 5cm wide.

It was a Western Coffin that was drawn in a manga style. The lid
showed a mysterious smiling face, and the lid was slightly open. A
white arm reached out from the darkness inside, waving at anyone it
saw. At that other world, another guy used poisoned water to numb me
and got ready to kill me. At that time, he had a similar tattoo too.
That was the emblem of «Laughing Coffin».

Once I recognized that image, it was really a miracle that I could
stifle my shout or prevent myself from collapsing onto the floor, or
even that I wasn’t forced to log out because of the abnormal
brainwaves.

The player under the tattered mantle stared at me, who didn’t
react at all, and then whispered,
“You, don’t know, what I’m asking?”

I slowly and cautiously nodded my avatar’s head.

“...Ahh. I don’t understand. What do you mean, by the real one.”

“....”

The grey mantle silently took a step back. The red eyes looked
like they were blinking as they flickered.
After what seemed like a long few seconds, the inorganic-like
feeling seem to be amplified as the voice rang.

235

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

“...Then, forget about it. Well, whether, your name, is a lie, a
fake...or whether you’re, real.”
He turned back and left the last words.
—One day, I’ll kill you.

These words made me feel that he wasn’t talking about killing
within the game.

The tattered mantle went away silently like a ghost—and then
suddenly vanished.

Right now, the surroundings weren’t like before where the player
was still around.

My thin and petite body started to sway, and after barely
supporting myself, I collapsed like an avalanche and sat down on the
box seat beside me. I then cuddled my thin legs and put my knees to
my forehead.
I closed my eyes, and inside my eyelids, I could see what was a
clear little tattoo even though it was for about a fraction of a second.

A laughing coffin. There was only one guild that used such an
emblem in Aincrad.
It was the killing guild «Laughing Coffin».

During the two years clearing SAO, it could be said that there were a lot
of orange players who went into economic constraints and started
stealing money and equipment from other players. Normally though,
they would gather together in bunches to one person and force them to
hand over valuable items. At the most, they would just use some
numbing poison.

236

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

When someone attacks another person and causes the HP bar to
be depleted, the player will really die in the real world, so no one
would dare to do that. That’s because these 10,000 players were all
heavy Net-gamers, and were all people who had nothing to do with
crime in real life.
However, this unwritten rule of «Not causing the HP to drop to
zero» was broken by a strange player.

This guy’s name was called «PoH». It was a really funny name for
a character, but unexpectedly— or rather, it’s because of this that he
had a certain charisma.

The first attractive point about PoH was that he had an exoticlooking handsome appearance, and was a multilingual player who was
well-versed in three languages. He may be a mixed-blood between a
Japanese and a Western, and his Japanese, fluent English, and decent
Spanish sounded just like a professional DJ singing rap, which would
change the players around him. In the end, they went from being
players to a real illegal organization that was cold and solid.
And the second point was really simple. PoH’s own ability.

He was a talented dagger user. A dagger in his hand was just like
an extension of his arm. The blade didn’t even need an assist from the
system and could crush monsters—or players. Especially at the end of
the death game, once he got what’s called a horrifyingly large dagger
«Mate Chopper», his ability was so great that even players in the
clearing group feared him.

The lawless followers who admired PoH were attracted to him in
the opposite way people were attracted to Heathcliff of the Knights of
the Blood. Slowly, they expanded the boundaries in their heart.
237

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

A year after the game started, on the New Year’s Eve in year 2023.

PoH and company, who have grown to about 30 people, attacked
a small guild that was having an outdoor party in the field at a viewing
spot, and killed them all.

The next day, there was the notification of «Laughing Coffin», a
guild that wasn’t accepted by the system and was designated as «red»,
and ended up in the main information providers of Aincrad.

However, the grey mantle player I just talked with shouldn’t be
PoH himself. That unrestrained and occasionally interrupted manner
of speech was completely different from PoH’s seemingly machine gunlike and extremely enthusiastic tone.

However, there was really a guy in «Laughing Coffin» who did talk
like that. I met that guy before, and I think we did fight before. He
wasn’t just an ordinary member, but a rather high-ranking member. I
could already remember so much, but why couldn’t I remember his
face and name?
No, I actually knew. The reason why I couldn’t think of it was
because I personally refused to remember.

«Laughing Coffin» was formed on the first day of 2024, and was
eliminated on a certain summer night after August.

Of course, it wasn’t automatically disbanded, but vanquished. It’s
because the clearing group, the players on the frontlines formed about
50 members in a crusade as we used force to destroy them.

238

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Actually, we should have done that a long time ago, but we
couldn’t find the base of Laughing Coffin, so it was delayed till after
August.

In Aincrad, players could buy houses or rooms, and whether it
was on the streets or outside, we could accurately pinpoint the
positions through the NPC real estate companies. The clearing group
guessed that they would buy a larger house or a castle-like building
that could allow 30 people to stay inside, so the information brokers
accepted the clearing group’s request and checked through all the large
houses from the first level on.

But even though we found a few medium-to-small orange guild
hideouts, we still couldn’t found the most important Laughing Coffin’s
base after a few months.

Actually, it’s no wonder we couldn’t find them. Laughing Coffin
used a floor that we had long conquered—a tower area that wasn’t
linked to the upper levels, which was a safe zone in a cave that would
be easily forgotten once the designer installed there. The clearing
players will basically only take part in clearing the mazes in high
towers, and medium-class players would slip into mazes where
there’re a lot of people. Of course, there would be players who would
find that there were problems with the cave and enter in, but it’s not
hard to imagine that they were killed easily by Laughing Coffin to
prevent their whereabouts from being revealed.

The reason the secret base of Laughing Coffin was revealed was
because one of the members who may be unable to endure the guilt of
killing exposed the secret to the clearing group. The clearing players
then used this information to investigate and check that those guys
were using that cave as a base before finally rallying a large-scale
crusade. The leader of the squad was a member of the largest guild

239

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

«Divine Dragons Alliance». Several strong players from the «Knights of
the Blood» and other guilds joined in too. Of course, as a solo player, I
was also invited to join the group.

Our numbers and average level were a lot higher than Laughing
Coffin, so we thought that if we sealed the entrance to the safe zone to
their base, there would be a high chance that they would surrender
without fighting. But— just like how there was someone who revealed
the secret...

Our thoroughly kept secret and battle strategy was known by
them for some reason through some means. When we entered the
maze, none of the Laughing Coffin members were waiting in the large
room of the safe zone. Of course, they didn’t flee or hide in the alleys of
the maze, but attacked us from behind.

They prepared all sorts of traps, poisons, trick items and all sorts
of means to ambush us in random ways. The clearing group was
severely confused at the beginning, but the response to a sudden
situation was the ability the clearing group needed the most, so we
immediately readied ourselves again and started attacking back head.
However— there was an unexpectedly difference between
Laughing Coffin and the clearing group.

That’s the guilt over killing someone. Once we realized that the
berserk Laughing Coffin members wouldn’t surrender no matter how
much their HP was worn out, we started to waver.

Of course, we did discuss about this possibility before, and at that
time, we made the decision that we had to go all out even if we have to
make the enemy’s HP drop to zero. But including me, the members of
the crusade couldn’t deal the final blow once the enemy’s HP was down
240

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

to zero. One of the crusaders even threw his sword and knelt down on
the ground.

First, there were a few martyrs in the crusaders. Then, the
similarly berserk crusaders killed several members of Laughing Coffin
too.
And what happened next was an ever bloody hell.

Once the battle ended, there were 11 casualties on the crusaders’
side and 21 on Laughing Coffin’s side. Amongst them, I personally used
my sword to kill two of them.

But amongst the dead and the captured players, there was no sign
of the name of the leader PoH.

The twelve remaining enemy players who survived that battle
were all locked inside the Dark Iron Palace prison. If that grey mantle
player was really a survivor, I may have talked to him at a certain time
after clearing up from the battle. I remembered his verbal mannerism,
but couldn’t remember his face and name, all because I forced myself
to forget about them all.
No...

No, maybe under that mantle...

Is one of the two people I personally killed.

Unexpectedly, I would have such an idea. Thus, I continued to
keep my knees cuddled as I sat on the seat and hurriedly shook my
head. I started to grit my teeth with all I’ve got and tried to change my
thinking.

The dead can’t revive. In the SAO incident, whether it’s the people
I loved or loathed, the 4,000 victims wouldn’t come back again. So that

241

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

guy in the grey mantle must be one of the 12 Laughing Coffin members
who survived. I should have known their names. I tried my best to
endure the pain of searching through my memories as I tried to recall
their information.
But at this moment...

I again noticed a new possibility, and panted.

The metallic-like distorted voice that grey colored mantle guy let
out was a rather deep whisper. What would it be like if he shouted with
all he’s got...

The roar from the voice file I heard a week ago rang deep inside
my ears again.

“...This, is real strength, real power! Foolish people, engrave the fear
of this name in your hearts!”
“This gun’s name and I : «Death Pistol» ... «Death Gun»!!”
It was completely similar. I can’t be mistaken. The voices would
be the same.
That guy—

Was that grey mantle guy «Death Gun»?

If that’s the case, my mission to dive into GGO, attract attention
and become «Death Gun»‘s target was quickly finished.
But...But, I have never expected things to develop so quickly.

«Death Gun» was a survivor of SAO, and one of the original
members of SAO—if that’s the case.

Then he could use a gun inside the game to kill two players in the
real world...

242

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

Maybe...Maybe...There’s really such a power...

At this moment, I was suddenly tapped on the left shoulder, and
nearly cried out. I was overly shocked as I trembled, and looked up,
only to see that the aqua-blue hair swaying in front of me.
“What’s with your expression...”

The girl— Sinon frowned as she said that. I could only force
something like a smile at her.
“Ah...n-no, it’s nothing...”

“Was that match just now really a close call? But you came back
rather early, didn’t you?”

After hearing these words, I finally remembered that I was taking
part in the preliminaries of the «Bullet of Bullets» tournament. I
blinked, looked around, and found that there dome that’s originally
filled with players had about half of them left. It seemed that the first
round of the preliminaries were already over, and the losers were
transported to the surface. My next opponent should appear
immediately, and the second round will then begin.
But in such a situation, I don’t think I can still fight.

I continued to stare at Spiegel, who gave a somewhat shocked
look from afar, and Sinon right in front of me before breathing out
weakly from my mouth.
Immediately, Sinon gave a serious look and said,

“You’re already so awkward after the first battle. I see that you
definitely won’t be able to make it to the finals. Buck up...I must pay
you back for being tricked by you!”
243

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 6

After saying that, she raised her right fist and again slammed it on
my shoulder.

I unconsciously used my hands to grab this little hand that was
about to leave me. I then dragged it to my chest, and then kept her arm
at my forehead.
“Wa-Wait a minute...what are you doing!”

Sinon hurriedly whispered as she got ready to draw her hand
back. However, I continued to grip onto the hand tightly and not let her
go.

Even though it’s heat that’s coming from a polygonal avatar, it
was able to give me this inexplicable warmth. Once I felt that terrifying
freezing feeling that occupied my heart, my body started to tremble.
“...What are you doing...?”

I heard a bothered voice first, and then, I felt that small and warm
hand at my chest start to relax.

244

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Chapter 7
There was a feeling of a little tingling in her right index finger,
causing Sinon to frown. Rubbing her finger with her thumb with the
intent to soothe the irritation did not do anything to remove the feeling.
She knew why though.

It was Kirito’s fault. That rude, arrogant and very dense beginner.
She used all of the strength in her body to clench her right hand.

This was normally impossible, and she half understood it in her
head. Sinon was now in FullDive in the virtual world with the
AmuSphere; no matter how hard she clasped her hand, her real body
blood flow congestion or nerve pressure in reality would not be
affected. All the sensations that occur in this world were from the
result of electrical impulses directly sent to the brain by the machine
with virtual signals.
—But.

Right now, Sinon’s right hand could still feel the warmth and
pressure of when the light saber user had held her hand strongly,
although it had been close to two hours ago.

Giving up trying to erase the feeling, Sinon returned her right
hand to the anti-material sniper rifle. On the lightly set spring of the
trigger, she gently placed her index finger there. The grip of her
beloved gun «Hecate II» that had gone through so many battles with
her was like an extension of her body, but that little tingling in her
finger persisted.

245

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Sinon was now hiding in a clump of small bushes on the edge of a
high cliff waiting for a chance to snipe.

The stage was the «Wilderness at the Crossroads». The
topography was characterized by a staggeringly dry central plateau
where two straight roads crossed. The opponent’s name was «Stinger».
BoB selection F Block, Fifth battle; it was the first semi-finals, and it
had been twelve minutes since the start.

If she wins this match, regardless of the results for her next match,
she will obtain the rights to enter the BoB main tournament battle
royale scheduled for tomorrow, Sunday night. But, being able to win up
to this point, the enemy Stinger must also be fairly strong.
Although he had a name like that, he was not actually equipped
with a portable surface-to-air missile launcher «Stinger». His main
weapon should be the «FN • SCAR» carbine rifle, which alone was
enough of a threat. He was also equipped with an ACOG scope for
improved accuracy. So, should they get close enough to get a visual of
each other, Sinon might not be able to win.

Fortunately, in this map, there were four blocks separated by
roads; you had to go through the central crossroads to reach the others.
When two players first appear on this map, they are placed a minimum
of 500 meters apart; thus, it was impossible for them to be placed in
the same block.

In other words, if Stinger wanted to get within range of Sinon to
snipe with SCAR, even knowing that he would need to pass through the
central crossroads, he must charge through; on the other hand, Sinon
must succeed in attacking him while he was in the crossroads.

With only this option, Stinger would try to extend the time before
he would charge, as a tactic to exhaust Sinon’s concentration. Although

246

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

this was the case, Sinon could not deny the possibility of him making a
move early, so she had no choice but to stretch the limits of her nerves
in concentration and continue to stare through her sights like this.

Now, labelled from A to O with the pre-selected knockouts
divided in 15 blocks, more than half of the deciding matches had
finished, so only about 10 other matches are currently ongoing at the
same time. In the Standby Room, on the first floor lobby, or at a pub on
the street, you could watch all the games live. Focused on Sinon and
Stinger was an audience who should be feeling very bored right now.
After all, from the start of the match until now, both sides had not fired
a single bullet.

On the other side, simultaneously within the F District semi-finals,
there was a battle that was without a doubt completely not boring; that
battle was unfolding in a flashy way.
The reason was- over there, one of them was a close combat
specialist with two machine guns, and the other was one who used a
even shorter range weapon – the lightsaber user’s battle.

Now she must not lose concentration. Although she understood
that, her thoughts returned to that mysterious black-haired girl, no,
boy.

The first battle took her about ten minutes, and when she
returned to the Standby Room, the first person to meet her was Spiegel
— Shinkawa Kyouji and his congregations. After exchanging simple
greetings and a thank you, Sinon returned to her original box seat. The
appearance of Kirito there gave her a slight shock. This can’t be. She
did not think that he would win and return earlier than herself. ‘Hmm,
247

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

you are a little capable.’ She walked towards him thinking of saying
that - but then again, Sinon was surprised by another thing.

Before the match, Kirito was full of that easy going attitude, but
now he sat hunched over on a bench holding his knees, his head
lowered and slender shoulders trembling.
... ... He won though. Is a battle with a gun opponent that scary?

Thinking about that, Sinon unconsciously stretched out her right
hand to knock on the shoulder wrapped up in the night camo pattern
jacket.

Suddenly, Kirito’s whole body shrunk in surprise, with an action
that could only be described as cautiously, and he looked up.

Sinon knew that anyone who doesn’t know him would think he
was a female, with both a cute and clever face on the avatar — the look
was like a glimpse from the depth of hell, filled with deep fear.
“... ... why do you have such a face?”

Sinon unconsciously whispered, and hearing her words, Kirito
blinked a few times and pulled his face into a stiff smile.

Nothing’s wrong, Kirito answered in a very weak voice, and Sinon
asked if his first fight was that difficult. But, the young face hidden
behind the long black hair leaked out weak breathing, and he did not
answer anything else.

that.

He was not an opponent that she should get involved with beyond

Kirito should have known that Sinon would have misunderstood
his gender. But he deliberately did not clear the misunderstanding and

248

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

let Sinon show him around the streets, help him go shopping, and
finally bring him to the same changing room.

Of course, she had mistaken him for a girl, and it was her fault for
not asking for his name card. Therefore, over half of Sinon’s anger was
directed at herself.

In the real world, ever since she was well used by her classmates,
she should have made the decision in her heart to no longer depend on
others and to make no friends. When confronted by a rare GGO female
player who asked for directions, she had completely forgotten about
her decision.
It was fun. When she brought him to the market to shop and rode
behind the three wheeled buggy, Sinon realized that she gave an
honest smile, something she had not done for a long time in GGO.
That’s right — Sinon was not really angry about Kirito being a male.
When she was together with him, she was being extra defenseless,
something she couldn’t forgive herself for.
That’s why, when she learnt that Kirito won through the first
battle, she was truly happy.

To meet in the final battle with him, then smash his cute looks
with the the bullets of Hecate and become stronger than before
encountering this guy. Although she had this in mind, that Kirito had
been taken over with fear like he was a different person.
Sinon spoke almost subconsciously in a voice laced with anger.

“You’ve become like this with just one battle? Going to the finals is
a dream within a dream. Get a hold of yourself... I... have to take back
what you owe me.”
249

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

She held her right hand in a fist and once again knocked on
Kirito’s shoulder.

That hand was suddenly covered by two white hands. He then
pulled that hand strongly and tightly held it to his fatigued chest.
“Hey, Hey... what are you doing!?”

Sinon shouted on reaction and tried to pull her hand out, but she
had never imagined Kirito’s delicate body to have such high STR rating,
as he continued to hold her hand.
His hands were as cold as ice, and Sinon felt that touching his
hands even made her breath cold.

At this time, in Sinon’s field of vision, there appeared a ‘report
sexual harassment’ button. If she were to press it with her left hand or
say “report,” then Kirito’s avatar would be delivered to the Gurokken
prison area and, for short period of time, would not be able to get out.
However, Sinon made no movement, and she also did not say
anything.

Looking at his clenched hands and that slender body slightly
shivering away, Sinon was struck by a strong sense of deja vu. She had
seen a girl from somewhere, in that exact same posture before.
Thinking further about it, she immediately noticed that was herself.

Not Sinon the sniper, but Asada Shino from the real world. It was
just like the times when Shino lay curled up in bed from the memory
filled with the stench of blood and gunpowder, crying for someone to
save her.

Aware of that at this point in time, Sinon involuntarily relaxed her
right hand.

250

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

“............Why are you............?”

She gently asked, but there was no answer. Even so, Sinon felt it.

Clinging onto her hands, that black haired avatar ―― no, inside
that, the player whose face and name she doesn’t know might be
trapped in a similar darkness as Shino.
‘What happened,’ Sinon wanted to ask.

But before that, there was a faint light that enveloped Kirito’s
body, and then he disappeared. His next opponent had been set, so he
was transferred to the site for his second battle.

With him like that, he probably would not be able to fight
properly. Sinon determined that and gave a small sigh.

The one who lost will return to the Hall instead of the
underground waiting area here. That’s why, if Kirito lost, then today or put it another way, she probably will not have a chance to meet him
again.
Of course, that was not really a big deal. They were not even
friends, but just happened to go in the same direction to the
Government House. After today, she would forget his face and name.

While she told herself that, Sinon took her hand that remained in
the air and put it on her chest.
—That was how it was supposed to be.

But beyond Sinon’s wildest expectations, the second, third and
even the fourth combat battle had been won by Kirito using just a
lightsaber and a pistol.

While Sinon was waiting for her next match, she only had the
chance to see his fight on the monitor once. His fighting style was like a

251

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

‘Last Stand’ or ‘Banzai’ attack with extremely suicidal tactics. Faced
with the rapid-fire assault rifle of his AGI-based opponent, he used the
small pistol FN Five-Seven, bought at Sinon’s suggestion, as support
fire in his frontal charge. He ignored the enemy bullets that hit his
avatar’s outer parts and only use his lightsaber to block the deadly
ones, and with that. He closed the distance in the blink of an eye, then
cut the enemy apart together with his rifle.
There was not a single person in the first and second BoB who
fought this way. In the standby room, people were amazed and
surprised, and Sinon could only watch with wide eyes.

With this momentum, Kirito could easily reach the finals of the F
Block. However, against that kind of unreasonable opponent, how is
she supposed to fight him?

After seeing Kirito’s match, Sinon thought like that even as her
semi-final match began, and part of her mind would not cease to
consider the matter. At the same time, she could not stop thinking
about the player called Kirito himself.

When shopping together, he revealed a curious natural smile.
When he was exposed as a male, Kirito waited for her to skin him alive
for his cheeky attitude. Then, after his first battle, holding Sinon’s hand,
his weak body trembled. And – with his the blue light blade, he cut up
enemies relentlessly, with a ghost like appearance.
In the end, which is the real «Kirito»?

And why does she continue to think about these kind of things?

Realizing that she was irritated for no reason, Sinon lightly bit her
lower lip while her right eye was against the high magnification scope.
At this point -

252

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

A kilometer away, watching the road’s intersection, she captured
a large shadow speeding out from the mountain side.

Sinon automatically fine-tuned the Hecate. Wind was blowing
from the left at 2.5m per second. Humidity was 5%. She placed the
center of the faint reticule slightly above the shadow and waited for the
Bullet Circle to shrink before pulling the trigger without hesitation.
THUD—

From the sights, the 50 caliber bullet flew through the air in a
heat haze like tunnel. It drew a slight spiral track towards the bottom
left and hit the upper part of the shadow.
“... ... There.”

Sinon breathed out as she pulled the bolt of the Hecate back,
emptying the cartridge shell and putting the next round of ammunition
in the chamber.
The shadow that crumbled with a light sound was not the
opponent Stinger. Instead, it was a lump of rock with a diameter of
about one meter.

The next moment, flying out from the same place as the rock, an
even larger silhouette came rushing out leaving a trail of dust behind.

A four-wheel armored vehicle- the «Humvee». Things such as
vehicles are not items held by a player but are bonuses on specific
points of the map. People who get there first can use them. It looked
brand new, except for a small dent in front - Sinon instantly
understood: the stone was deliberately knocked out by that car.

253

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Stinger, who was supposedly to be in the driver’s seat, knew that
Sinon’s Hecate II was a bolt-action rifle and also knew that she would
be aiming at the intersection that he must pass through.
So, he knocked that stone into the intersection with the Humvee
to be shot, then while she prepared for the next shot, he planned to
cross the intersection.
The idea was correct. In fact, the vehicle already reached the
center of the intersection while she was pulling the bolt handle. She
only has one more shot. Furthermore, she did not have time to aim
carefully.
However, Sinon did not panic.

Stinger took away Sinon’s largest advantage as a sniper, the «No
Bullet Line First Shot». But in exchange, he also gave her important
information. In Sinon’s view, the trajectory path from her first shot was
burnt in it. As long as she does not panic, she can make the second
bullet fly the exact same path. If she used that, it would be possible for
her to have a far higher accuracy hit than the first shot.

After making a slight adjustment to the gun body, Sinon pulled
the trigger a second time. BOOM!

The 50 caliber bullet hit the side window of the driver`s seat and
went right through the thick bullet proof glass easily.

The next moment, the vehicle made a big arc, went off the side of
the road, and then crashed into the side of the mountain. From the
front engine, flames erupted.

“... ... If you got off the car and ran, you might have seen the Bullet
Line and be able to avoid it.”
254

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Sinon whispered as she chambered the third round. Keeping the
scope on her right eye, she captured the burning Humvee in the
reticule. No matter how many seconds she waited, Stinger did not
appear. It looks like he died in the driver`s seat, but she maintained a
firing position.

Once the evening air displayed “CONGRATULATIONS” in colored
words, Sinon stood up from the bushes.
Game time, 19 minutes and 15 seconds. Semi-final cleared.

In this way, just as she had planned, she got a ticket to the BoB
tournament. However, she showed no sign of victory, not even a smile.
Her thoughts had been directed towards the upcoming preliminary F
Block finals.

The mystery that was Kirito, no doubt, spent less time in his semifinal match. His opponent was armed with two SMGs. No matter how
many bullets he shot, if he lets that lightsaber user get close, he will be
showered by the instant death energy blade before Kirito’s hp is all
gone. Kirito, after all, with his amazing reaction speed, had the ability
to «predict the trajectory prediction line». The best chance to stop him
would be suppression fire from a M134 mini-gun, or other weapons
like it.
Therefore, Sinon maintained a hold on Hecate, waiting
motionlessly for the transfer to the next battleground.

After a few seconds, she did not return to the standby room, but
flew directly to the final preparation area. The hexagonal surface of the
window on the screen was marked by the opponent’s name, and sure
enough, the name there was [Kirito].
255

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

After the next transfer, she opened her eyes to see an elevated
road extending out in a straight line, and the blood red sunset it went
into.

The «Inter-Continental Highway» stage. Although the battlefield
is the same size as the last one, about one kilometer squared, since you
cannot get off the highway that goes from east to west, in fact, the
battlefield is quite slender and simple.

However, there were numerous cars, trucks and even a helicopter
wreckage, and there were cracks as the road went up and down, so
from one side of the road that you could not see the other side.

Sinon took a quick look behind to confirm that she was in the
eastern-most corner of the map. Then the opponent, Kirito, would be in
the west extension of the road, at least 500 meters away.

She looked around, then soon ran up the road. Her destination
was the large tour bus sitting across the road to the right front. From
the semi-open back door into the bus’s interior, and then up the stairs
to the second level. She threw herself stomach down on the center of
the floor, took Hecate II from her shoulder and opened its two legs. She
aimed the gun muzzle at the panoramic window on the bus’s front side,
took up a sniping position, and flipped up the scope’s front and back
covers.
The sun is right in front of her. That means, no matter where she
hid outside, the scope’s lens reflection from the sunlight will have the
danger of letting the enemy notice her. A sniper whose position is
found out is easy to take care of.

But inside this bus, mirror coating on the glass outside will hide
the scope’s reflection. Also, with the height, she could see past most of
the obstructions on the road.

256

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Kirito should probably be closing in at high speed by moving from
one obstacle to another. She did not think that she can hit that enemy
with the Bullet Line. Her chance, is while he does not know her location,
that first shot.
‘—Hit him. I must.’

Carving that belief strongly into her heart, Sinon placed her right
eye at the scope.
Why she wanted to win so much, she was not very clear herself.

Indeed, Sinon was deceived by Kirito when he hid his gender as
she showed him around and helped him buy equipment. Beyond that,
he also saw her changing in the preparation room.

However, even saying so, it is nothing but this level of things. She
had not lost any items, and only her avatar’s underwear was seen.
From the meeting on the street of Gurokken, to their separation at the
standby room were only tens of minutes, it should not be difficult to
forget.

But now, all the different battles she experienced in GGO were
faded compared to how strongly she wanted to win against Kirito. Yes even more than that fearsome minigun user, Behemoth. For someone
who just arrived at GGO today, and furthermore against a lightsaber
user that all gunners consider to be heretical, why would she go to
such extents...
‘...No.’

No, maybe, she had already understood the reason.

That is because, ‘I no longer consider that guy as an «enemy» in
my heart.’ When that guy sat on the hard bench trembling as his cold

257

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

hand held hers, she realized that a feeling that she could not name was
born in her heart.
Compassion? No.
Pity? No.

Sympathy...? No, absolutely not.

‘There is no one that can sympathize with me. There should not
be a single person that bears the same painful darkness as me. I had
been looking for such a person, but in the end, she was just constantly,
constantly, constantly betrayed.’
The only thing that can save her, is her strength. Because she
understood that, it’s why she is here now.

She does not want to know Kirito’s situation and does not need to
know. As long as she mercilessly blows apart that avatar that confused
her, he would be buried in her numerous kills thus far. Then she would
forget.
That is all she needed to do.

Carefully but deliberately, Sinon set her mind and stared through
the scope; her finger gripped the trigger.
So—

In the background of the crimson sunset, when a shadow
appeared, in a flash, Sinon forgot her self control as a sniper and leaked
out a sound.
“What..?”

258

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

The wind blew the long black hair, camouflage clothes wrapped
the delicate body, and a light saber hung from the belt. No doubt, it was
Kirito.
However, he was not running. And he did not seem to want to
hide. He was right in the middle of the highway on the slightly raised
center dividing line, walking with a sway. It was exactly the opposite of
his previous match, a totally defenseless posture.

‘—Is he trying to say that, even without the Bullet Line, he could
easily dodge my shot?’

Thinking this, anger exploded inside her head as the crosshairs
went to Kirito’s head. Then, Sinon went to pull the trigger - just before
that, she realized that her guess one second ago was wrong.

Kirito did not look in front. He just lowered his head down, with
his body limb as if weaken, just mechanically dragging his feet forward.
This was completely opposite to the “chased by ghosts” charge in his
previous match, and it was a lethargic pace.
With him like that, dodging Sinon’s shot was absolutely
impossible. The Hecate II’s bullet is shot out faster than the speed of
sound, and it is too late by the time you hear the shot. And then with
him looking down, of course he would not be able to see the muzzle
flare.

That means - that is, Kirito did not want to avoid her shot from
the start. He intended to deliberately get shot, and then lose to end the
match. Once he obtained the right to enter the main tournament,
whatever came after... his match with Sinon no longer mattered. That is
what it means.
“...Don’t, jok...”

259

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Sinon lips leaked out that raspy sound.

She put her finger on the trigger and applied force. The green
Bullet Circle appeared, then centered on Kirito’s lowered head and
rapidly shrunk. The Circle’s intense movement showed Sinon’s chaotic
heartbeat. But with only a weak breeze and a distance of only 400
meters, her shot would definitely hit.
Her index finger pushed down, and the trigger spring squeaked.
And there she relaxed her finger. She pushed down again, trigger
squeaked. Again relaxed.
“...Don’t joke with me!!”

Her shout, was distorted like a child’s crying sound.

At the same time, Sinon pulled the trigger. The 50 caliber rifle’s
roar filled the interior of the tour bus, and over half of the front glass
filled with a white cloud then broke apart.

The bullet that came out flew through the crimson sunset in a
straight line - it passed by Kirito’s right cheek with over 50cm of space
between them and hit the car far behind him. A fire pillar, and after
that black smoke erupted.

From the pressure of the 12.7mm bullet flying by close to his
head, Kirito lightly swayed. He stopped and looked up.

While Kirito looked like a girl on the surface, only a ‘why did you
miss?’ questioning look appeared on Kirito’s face. While staring at that
face through the scope, Sinon pulled the bolt handle and fired again in
one action.
This time, the bullet went over the top of Kirito’s head and away
behind him.

260

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

Reload. Pull the trigger. The third bullet hit the asphalt floor next
to his black clothed right foot, leaving a big crater. Reload. Fire. Reload.
Fire. Reload. Fire.
Six empty shells bounced around Sinon and disappeared after a
little while.

Kirito was standing there, still unscathed, and through the scope,
his eyes continued to look questioningly.

Sinon slowly stood up, her hands holding Hecate, and began to
walk through the bus. She jumped out of what little remains of the
front glass window onto the road and continued walking.

Tens of seconds later, when she closed to about 5 meters away
from Kirito, she stopped.

Staring at the still standing black lightsaber user in the face, she
breathed out.
“...Why?”

The meaning of this question, and the criticism mixed in it,
seemed to reach Kirito. His black pupils shook, and again looked down
at his feet.
Finally, he said without feeling, like an NPC.

“... My goal, is just to enter tomorrow’s main tournament. I don’t
have a reason to fight beyond that.”

Sinon had expected this answer. However, the feeling of ‘that’s
why I cannot forgive’ welled up in her chest, and once again, Sinon
pushed out words.

“Then, you should have shot yourself with that gun right at the
start of the match. Are you worried about ammo cost waste? Or do you

261

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

want to give me a kill count, thinking that this way I would be
satisified...!?”

To the head lowered Kirito, she took another step closer - .

“Merely a VR game or merely one match, it’s your choice if you
feel that way! But don’t force those values on me!!”

Sinon cried out in a trembling voice, and she also realized that she
said something irrational.

To impose personal values upon your opponent, then it’s the
same as what she had done. If she cannot forgive Kirito, then Sinon
should have used the first round of ammunition to determine the
match, and then forget about him afterwards. Instead she used 6
rounds of ammunition to threaten him, and beyond that she threw out
her feelings at him face to face. On the other hand, the unreasonable
one might be herself.
—However.

Even so, Sinon could not stop herself. The Hecate held in
trembling hands, face distorted, and could not stop a drop of tear that
leaked out of the edge of her eye.
With his back to the distant sun as it set, half of his body in
shadow, Kirito’s eyes were tightly closed, and his mouth was stiff.

Finally, the delicate avatar relaxed, with a weak, but with a hint of
emotion, he said.
“...I too... A long time ago, I felt that I blamed someone like that...”
“...”

Kirito glanced at the silent Sinon, then he bowed his head down.
262

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

“...I’m so sorry. I was wrong. Although it is only a game, only a
match, but I should still give it all I’ve got... otherwise, there is no
meaning or qualification for me to live in this world. I, should have
known that...”

There, he raised his head, the black eyes looked straight at Sinon,
and the swordsman from a strange land said.

“Sinon, can you give me a chance to make it up to you? Right now,
have a match with me.”

From the unexpected words, Sinon momentarily forgot her anger
and wrinkled her eyebrows.
“Right now, even if you say that...”

BoB’s qualification and main tournament are encounter fights
with unknown enemy starting locations. Since they met face to face like
this without fighting, there should be no way to return to the beginning
condition.
However, Kirito showed a slight smile, then pulled out the FN
Five-Seven from the holster on his left waist. He used a hand gesture to
stop Sinon, who was about to take position, and pulled the gun’s slide
once. He skillfully caught the ejected bullet in the air, then placed the
pistol back into the holster.
said.

While spinning the 5.7mm bullet with his left hand fingers, Kirito

“Your gun, it still has ammo, right?”
“...Yeah, only one shot left.”

263

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

“Then, let’s go with a duel style. Let’s see... 10 meters away. You
use your rifle, and I use my sword. I’ll throw the bullet. When it hits the
ground, we start the match. How about that?”

Surprised, or more like Sinon was stunned. Without noticing that
her earlier anger had thinned, she moved her mouth.

“Look here... do you think that would even be a match? With just
10 meters apart, this Hecate’s bullet will definitely hit. With my skill
proficiency and stats supplement, combined with its stats, it’s a sure hit
distance in the system. You won’t even have a chance to move your
lightsaber. The result is no different from your suicide.”
“We won’t know till we try it.”

After saying that with arrogance - Kirito’s red lips showed a sharp
smile.

At the moment she saw this expression, Sinon felt a jolt run
through her back.

He was serious. This lightsaber user, really wanted win against
Sinon in a Western-style duel.

Indeed, the Hecate II had only one round of ammunition left in the
magazine. So, he must dodge that somehow to win. He might be
thinking like that, too naive. Against a sure hit and sure kill bullet,
there should be no «somehow». Compared to the shopping mall «game
to avoid the bullets» gunman’s antique revolver, whether it is bullet
speed, accuracy, or power, it is not on the same level.
But — if Kirito really did have «something», then.
‘I want to see it. No matter what.’

The next moment, Sinon nodded and said:

264

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

“...Fine. I agree to use this approach for a showdown.”

Then she turned away, took around ten steps east on the center
dividing line, and then turned back to face the sun.

The distance between the two people, was just ten meters. She
raised the Hecate that she was carrying, nestled the butt of a rifle
against her right shoulder, and spread apart her feet in a standard
shooting position.

In the real world, even the strongest person could not fire an antimateriel rifle from a standing shooting position. But in GGO, as long as
the physical abilities reach a sufficient value, it was no longer
impossible. Of course, one can not withstand the huge recoil and will
fall back behind, but since she only has one bullet, this doesn’t matter.
She pulled the bolt handle to place the last bullet into the
chamber.

When she looked through the scope, even at the lowest
magnification, Kirito’s shape filled her view.

It was like the beauty of young girls, the weak and powerlessness
a few minutes ago no longer existed. His obsidian like looks shone
brightly, and a fearless smile on his lips.

Kirito closed the fingers on his hand that was holding the FN FiveSeven bullet and stretched that arm straight in front, as his pulled out
the lightsaber on his right waist. He pressed the switch with his thumb,
and it issued out a blue-white brilliant blade of energy.

Right now, the audience outside watching the F-Block final might
be titling their head and wondering what those two people are doing.
She did not care about that. A bullet versus a blade. With common

265

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

sense, it’s not a fighting match, but Sinon could really feel her tension
going up.
‘—Sure enough, that guy has «something».’

With such a direct feeling, Sinon slightly adjusted Hecate’s aim.

On the other side of the reticule, Kirito spoke.
“...Then, let’s start.”

Then, he did not hesitate to flick the bullet into the air. The
spinning bullet flew high. Light reflected by the setting sun made it
shine like a ruby as it traveled into the air.

Kirito lowered his waist, placed his left foot in front and leaned
half of his body forward, and the lightsaber on his right hand slanted
down to the side. Even with his fingers that held the blade, there was
not any feel of force; it was a relaxed posture. But even in such a stance,
the delicate avatar sent out a pressure as if she was targeted at her
heart by a rifle muzzle.

Sinon, as well, realized that her sensations sharply rose higher.
The 5.7mm bullet moving in the air seemed very slow. Every other
sound faded. She was only conscious of the existence of her body and
the Hecate II. No, the distinction between those two also disappeared.
The shooter and the gun had completely merged to become one, with
only striking the target accurately with the bullet in mind.
From her view, the white reticule, and the green circle also
disappeared.

In front of the silent swordsman in black, falling at a slow pace,
was the bullet signal. Although the bullet crossed her scope and went
out of sight, Sinon could feel its existence. It rolled and tumbled to the

266

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

267

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

ground — the sharp bullet hit the asphalt — the game system
determined the contact of the two objects, and issued an order to
convey a sound effect through the AmuSphere — the signal released an
electronic pulse, in Sinon’s hearing—
PING.

At the instant of that small sound’s echo, her right index finger
pulled the trigger.

In the next few seconds, the phenomenon that occurred would be
engraved into Sinon’s accelerated consciousness with fresh color.
From the Hecate’s large muzzle break came orange flames.

On the other side, the blue white lightning cut through the dusk
darkness.

Shining like shooting stars, two small lights split to the left and
right, flying far away.

Pushed by the anti-materiel rifle’s huge recoil, while falling
backwards, Sinon belatedly realized the meaning of the scene that she
saw.
It was cut apart.

At the moment the bullet fell to the ground, Kirito’s lightsaber
slashed upwards, and cut the 50-caliber bullet that was supposed to be
a fatal hit. The two shooting stars that Sinon saw, were fragments of
the bullet that were cut by the high concentration energy blade, and
flew pass either side of Kirito behind him.
But — it should not be possible!

If he had guessed her bullet’s path and swung the sword, then the
result would be understandable. However, Sinon had not aimed at the

268

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

avatar’s center as she was supposed to, but instead, she aimed at
Kirito’s left leg.

Hecate is such a large-caliber gun, that it has something called
«impact damage» as additional damage. In this case of super-close
range, even if only the wrist or foot were hit, the impact area attack
will take HP right to 0.

For Kirito who converted to GGO today, and with no knowledge
about guns, he should not know about this. So, if he had guessed the
bullet’s path, he should certainly have only guarded the center of his
body.

Even so, Kirito was able to accurately target the bullet that aimed
for his left thigh with a flash of his lightsaber. That was not a gamble.
Moreover, at this distance, this projectile velocity, Bullet Line assist
would be useless. In the end why — how he did...?

Even overwhelmed by surprise for the moment, Sinon’s hand did
not stop. While she was pushed backwards, her left hand let go of the
Hecate, then she reached instinctively for the MP7 at her waist.
However, he was faster than that.

Like lightning, Kirito dashed across the ten meters gap between
them and appeared in front of Sinon. The blade in his right hand
hummed and dyed her view a brilliant blue.
She will be cut.

Even with that prediction, Sinon did not close her eyelids. Her
open eyes saw, with a huge sunset for background, glossy black hair
sway in arcs like a fan.
Then, everything stopped.

269

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

The Hecate in her right hand, and the MP7 in her left hand
dangled as Sinon was deeply bended backward. However, no matter
how long, she did not fall to the road. Kirito’s left hand supporting her
back was the reason.

And then in the swordsman’s right hand was the lightsaber, held
against Sinon’s exposed and defenseless neck. Only the sound of the
blade’s plasma vibration hum, and the sound of the wind blowing afar
could be heard.

With his left foot forward, Kirito was bent towards Sinon who
was leaning back, just if they were enacting a scene in a dance as they
were close together, and it remained paused for a while.

The dark pupils were right in front of her eyes. Until now, both in
the real world and even in this virtual world, she had not allowed
anyone to come this close to her. However, Sinon was not aware of this
and asked in a whisper while peeking into Kirito’s eyes.
“...How did you predict my aim?”

At the other end of the energy blade, he softly spoke;
“Even through the scope’s lens, I saw your eye.”
Eye. In other words — her sight.

He read the bullet’s path by her sight, was what Kirito said.

There was actually someone in this world who could do this.
Sinon had never thought about this. A small tremble that is either
terror or not travelled its way from her back to the top of her head.
So strong. Kirito’s strength, had gone beyond the level of a VR
game.

270

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

However, since this is the case — why then, in the corner of the
Standby Room, did he tremble so much? Why did those cold hands
firmly hold on to Sinon’s hand?
Sinon opened her mouth and a small voice asked.
“You are this strong. What are you afraid of?”

Then she saw the eyes of Kirito momentarily shake. After a brief
silence, Kirito answered as if he was enduring something.
“This is not strength. Just skill.”

At the moment she heard those words, Sinon forgot about the
blade of light next to her throat and shook her head violently.

“Lies. You lie. If it was just technique, it would not be possible to
cut Hecate’s bullet. You should know. How did you become this strong?
I... I want to know that so...”
“Then let me ask you!”

Kirito suddenly interrupted her in a low voice, but with blue
flame like heat mixed in his voice.

“If that gun’s bullet will really kill the real world player... And then,
if you do not kill, either you, or someone important to you will be killed.
If that is the case, would YOU. PULL. THE. TRIGGER!?”
“...!”

Sinon forgot to breathe, and her eyes widened.

Does he know? she thought that for a moment. The mysterious
visitor, did he know that Sinon’s past was paint in darkness, and an
incident happened?
271

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

‘—No, wrong. It’s not like that. Probably... this person as well, in
the past...’

The left hand supporting Sinon’s back became hard with tension,
but soon relaxed. While his hair touched Sinon’s forehead, Kirito shook
his head and whispered;

“...I can no longer do that. That’s why I am not strong. I... cut two
people at that time, no, three people, and I do not even know their real
names... I just closed my eyes, plugged my ears, and pretended to
forget everything...”
Sinon did not understand what he meant.

However, she was sure of one thing. Inside Kirito, a darkness
similar to Sinon’s — a fear was hidden. And then probably, while he
waited in the Standby Room, something happened. Something that
made his supposedly buried darkness overflow.
Sinon’s left hand let the MP7 fall onto the ground.

Her empty hand rose as if pulled by an invisible string, and closed
near Kirito’s cheek past the lightsaber blade.
Right before her fingers touched—

Unexpectedly, the usual carefree smile returned to Kirito’s cheeks.
His eyes still retained a painful light. Even so he shook his head, and
said as if to interrupt Sinon’s hand.
“- Well. It appears that I’ve won the match... do you agree?”

“What...? Ah, that’s...”

While she blinked as she was unable to switch her feelings,
Kirito’s face closed in and he whispered.
272

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Chapter 7

“Then, would you submit? I do not like to cut a girl.”

Hearing his very rude and cheeky words, Sinon finally realized
her situation. In other words, she was restrained by a left hand on her
back and a lightsaber at her throat, and while she was in an unmovable
state in extremely close contact with Kirito, that miserable appearance
— that scene, was broadcasted live to the Standby Room, Presidential
Lobby, and all the pubs in Gurokken, such was the situation.

While conscious of the blood rushing to her face, Sinon spit out a
retort from her clenched teeth.
“...I am thankful to have another chance to fight with you. In
tomorrow’s main tournament, absolutely stay alive till you encounter
me.”

And then she turned her face away, and loudly shouted, “I Resign!”
Match time: 18 minutes and 52 seconds.

F Group, Third Bullet of Bullets qualifying final ended.

(To Be Continued)

273

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Afterword

Afterword
I’m Kawahara Reki. I’m extremely grateful that you bought the
fifth volume of this series. Including the other series, this would be my
10th work, «Sword Art Online 5, Phantom Bullet».
In Net-gaming, there are two rather popular forms of gaming
genre other than MMORPGs. One of them is «Real-Time Strategy», and
the other one is «First Person Shooter».

I like both genres, but if I want to talk about RTS, this column
wouldn’t be enough, so I’ll have to cut it short (laughs).

And as the title implies, FPS is a game genre that normally allows
the main character (=player) to wield a gun through a first-person
view and play. It originated from America, so right now, no matter
whether it’s the number of games or the number of players, Americans
form the majority. But when fighting online in a player vs. battle, there
would be situations where people would feel like saying “Are you the
revived version of Simo Hayha?” Most likely, it’s those kind of
situations while I’m still rushing forward at full speed, I’ll hear a bang
from afar, and then there’s bleeding from between my eyebrows and I
died, or that in close ranged combat, I already got an assault rifle and
am shooting recklessly, but the enemy is closing in on me, dodging left
and right, and then using the knife to kill me easily (At this moment, I
really feel like saying: “Are you the revived version of Simo Hayha!?”).
However, people would just say that I’m a Greenhorn.

274

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Afterword

The PvP in MMOs would be affected greatly because of the level
and equipment difference, but the FPS character’s ability itself would
rely on the player’s own skill. One of the reasons why I created this
«Phantom Bullet» is to present this «ability» in the «SAO» series.

However, the problem was that even though I like FPS, I don’t
understand anything about guns at all...this time, I used a lot of gun
names and unique terms, but these were all hastily compiled
knowledge at the last second. To the readers who are rather wellversed in this, you may feel that there are a lot of scenes where you’ll
go “How is this possible!”, but I hope that everyone can be forgiving
and treat it as “It’s part of a game anyway.”

To Miki-san, who is beginning to have more and more related
tasks and yet still patiently waited for me to fine-tune my original
script, abec-san, who was able to present the charm of two (laughs)
female leads perfectly in the illustrations, and everyone who supported
me even after I wrote that ‘I’ll be going crazy’, please accept my
headshot gratitude with your foreheads. I hope to meet you next time!

10th June 2010, Kawahara Reki

275

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Credits

Credits

Sword Art Online 5
Phantom Bullet
Story
Illustration
Translators

Kawahara Reki
abec

Black Cats of the Full Moon
Teh_Ping
- Chapter 6 & Afterword

Project Hosted at www.baka-tsuki.org

276

Sword Art Online Volume 5 – Phantom Bullet
Credits

277

